Can someone tell me why crypto will survive?
Banks will adapt blockchain technology and then whats the point of crypto?
why will it grow more?
fucking wrong picture end my life senpai
Can someone tell me why crypto will survive?because the fiat system will fail
you have much better control with crypto.
if you know what you're doing it's hard for anyone to take it from you for any reason and it can be easily transported globally and converted easily to the local currency in many places.
there are lots of applications for when you might want more control of your money, and we are seeing more and more.
additionally, the money supply of dollars grows at roughly 6% per year and foreign currencies generally higher, while bitcoin has only 21 million units ever to be available.
why bitcoin over any other myriad of coins as a store of value?
beyond having by far the largest use network globally (in terms of merchant acceptance and convertability) bitcoin is by far the most expensive cryptocurrency to attack/roll back, and by that measure the most secure, which is a cornerstone of value among cryptos.
fungibility is a possible weakness which monero improves on
Crypto has more uses than just a currency
but my question is why wont centralized and powerful banks just capitalize on those uses, leaving cryptocurrencies with nothing to offer other an increasingly irrelevant currency?
because the only way they can feasibly do that is by buying directly and none of their charters allow that.
the whole "blockchain" among banks is different than bitcoin/monero/cryptocurrencies
GOOD taste in music brah
a decentralised crypto has competitive advantage over a centralised one so banks and blockchains are not a successful business model
You know the CME will be trading bitcoin futures soon right?
Banks will adapt blockchain technology and then whats the point of crypto?You can't print more bitcoin.
Whatever technology the banks use, they will allow themselves to print their currency to control inflation, etc.