>he didn't buy NULS sub $1this is bigger than NEO, theres a reason Binance listed this, and a reason it has so much volume on a Chinese exchange, they know how big this will be once more news comes out.
where my comfy Nuls bros at?
>tfw I bought 500 yesterday at $1 each.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MOMYjk, I trust the chinks
got in at $.30, sold at $1 and bought back in at $.70 now holding comfy.
can't wait to see all the people FUDing get BTFO
>not buying EPY
I know nothing about it but looking at that chart it looks like it should moon soon plus looks like they are really pushing for a new exchange im all in wealthy china man
i see zero reason why people would use this or why there even needs to be a crypto for this
china has never let me down, missed NEO when it was ANS, got into WTC early, now getting in on this.
Does china even have access to binance yetAnd binance also listed HCC which was a huge flop
only "flopped" because of china ICO ban causing it to be delisted & everyone got a refund.
Yeah support seems pretty solid at 10300
Oh didn't know that
1120 NULS here.
I wish I had more.
Thinking of buying some more if I can catch a nice dip.
Where's the FUD when we need it?
only 47 nuls, im making small gains here.
I'm trying to buy more now.
at 103 but they just wont let it drop.
Patience and I will get it though.
Bought 300 of them at 60 cents Sold on retard delta for 8 bucks a piece got myself 1 bitcoin cash, 2 ETH and 700 nuls outta the deal Life is good
they are actually moving for the price on ED?
No fucking way?!
I thought it was a pricing display error.
Guess I got lucky thanks to some retard not knowing what he is buying But it happened 5.9 ETH right into my wallet
I sold a 5000 VIBE on ED when it first came out for 1.6 ETH.
which was more than I put into the ICO.
ED is good sometimes.
Wish I had of gotten onto that sweet arb though.
in time this will be trading at that price legitimately
aye 2k nuls reporting in
Based on what
market cap, supply, the actual tech being developed is revolutionary if they pull it off, one of the few CN projects like WTC that are moving forward through ICO ban and could get government support.hard to find info if you're english is the only downside, had to dig through chinese forums using a translator to figure out what I know.