>Derivatives exchange Q2 2018>VC platform launch December 2017>Tokens just released 2 hours ago .4M dollar ICO and Market Cap>SMALL AF amount of tokens in existence.
>Pays dividends once Exchange is released>Will be their own VC firm built on the blockchainIf this doesn't smell like a fucking pump waiting to happen i don't know what does.
BEHOD
BEHODL
What waa ico price in usdt?
.70 cents maybe?
Something around there.
$0.46-$0.39 I think
where can I buy this?
they didn't raise $1.4 million you tardthey raised over $5 million in their ico
No they didn't you dip shit.
They raised around 1.5M
ED, Cryptopia, and some other shitty exchanges I think.
DRPU is being listed on HitBTC Nov 17th.
Maybe.
I can't remember.
All i know is that with such a fucking low market cap this thing is BEGGING to be pumped.
this was in a biz meme so I'm gonna stay away from it
... $5048937 raisedLook on their website geeze8094002 dcorp sold
The token is useless like DNT, only used for voting.
Big whoop
DRP/S - Dividend paying token1 DRP = 1 DRPSDRP/U - Utility Token1 DRP = 2 DRPUYou can interchange them at any time you want with the token changer coming out on Nov 17th, same time it is being listed on HitBTC.
fucking cryptopia volume is so low I can't get my orders filled,Then some fuckwit sells 10x my order for below while I'm switching orders!
It is being listed on hitbtc in a week so maybe wait for that.
Volume should really pick up then.
delet this
i cnt dis gonna be the next moon mission
also they list drpu on hitbtc in a week, but drpu won't be available until the paltform/token converter launches with their new site in december i believe.
so volume will be low for a little while probably
Either way I have over 20k DRP tokens and DCORP gonna be my saviorDCORP gonna take me out and show me the wagecuck life is not the life for me bruv
you just revealed your power level anon.
I'm not buying now because you want to be rich.
"i wish i listened"
Everyone wants to be rich.
This is just the best way to do it
Is etherdelta the best way to buy atm?
Wanna buy before it hits HITBTC
its cheapest on etherdelta but you can get in through a drp/btc pairing on cryptopia too
Thanks for the heads up famb, just scooped up 6k.
what was ico price?
not usd.
but eth pair
whats this shit called on ED aaaaaaah
DRP
Sincerely thank you for making this thread.
I'm up $2,000 now and hopefully it'll keep going up.
I knew about this coin, but had no idea it had been released so your heads up helped me out big time.
That's what i'm here for brehs.
We all moon togerther here in /biz
fucking sell moron
Fuck, I checked etherdelta and it was 0.003.Went to start ethereum wallet to transfer funds and literally 5 minutes later it's 0.005.
It's mooning too quickly!
LOL THIS IS MOONING SO HARDREMEMBER THIS IS FIRST DAY OF TRADING AND NOT EVEN ON A PROPER EXCHANGE YETJUST WAIT TILL BINANCE OR SOME OTHER PIECE OF SHIT CENTRALIZED EXCHANGEMOON BABY
its still only just begun
Whats the marketcap ?
HIT BTC IN A WEEK BABY AND THE TOKEN CHANGER FUARK 10X HERE WE GOOOOOOO
They must be all not selling in order to increase the price 10x immediately.
DCORP holders are in communication via slack/telegram/discord to force people to buy much higher.
careful anons this is a fucked up scam
25000k for 1 eth ?!?!?
this
this I got in and out of that shit quick and made a couple hundo
Where?
I'm in the telegram.
Show SS.
Etherdelta is wired
Si you recommend not to buy ?
I was literally in fomo mode lol
Already mooned don't buy or you will be left bag holding.
I went into EDO instead.
That's the next moon mission.
Why?
So ICO holders can dump on you?
This is a useless coin with no inherent value.
It's a pump and dump... can't you see this has been happening?
DCORP holders literally had to wait 4 MONTHS to get this unlocked so now they are desperate.
They are in cahoots.
be careful anons they are desperate for gains
Nah mate we just waited a crypto lifetime (6 months) so need 100x gains from ICO to basically break even with missed oppos
Thanks anon !
Wise words
of course they are.
why wouldnt they be.you had a chance to be part of the ICO like everyone else.we are talking etheroll style gains in a couple of months.
why would anyone sell this.
8 mil supply.
DAO and dividends.
the dream.
this.
Sell now there is nothing even to sell into you are gonna be holding some heavy ass bags if you dont get out now
Scam Alert Anons.
This.Keep clear and let them hang onto their 6 month wait bags
Options exchange Q2, voting on how to use the VC funds and proceeds from them, etcStay jelly no holders
Yeah I'm not selling mine, low marketcap looks good ico.
Why should I listen to a bunch of 4chan tards that spout bullshit without evidence?
See you on the other side
LOL Q2?
Wow you ICO holders must be used to waiting ages especially after your 4 month wait to get your bags released to you.
PSA: This coin is nothing but a voting mechanism.
NO INHERENT VALUE.
Move along to another pump and let them hang on and try to find the liquidity to hit the exits.
coin dumps after it hits EDscam>coin moons after it hits EDscamnever change 4chan
nice fud, literally will pay dividends and only has 8mil coin cap
You are a fucking dumbass.
If they are doing that, even better!
A community of people committed to holding is good, especially if you are trying to buy low and sell high.>Watch out anons, better sell now at 50 percent before you get dumped on
this guy fucks
Even looks like a slow ass whale group is trying to get you guys to dump low.
Look at this shit... Sell now goys, I have a few Eth in some lowball orders myself
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dcorp/
dump corp amirite?
And I'm out.Sure it could moon, but I just doubled my money.Thanks /biz/!
pee pee poo poo corp