Nullies btfo
I hope you bought the dip.
It's recovering as we speak.
I hope it hits 17k again so I can dump these bags.
Do not mock DevNull
Fucking HUGE sell wall starting at .00017796Hopefully it's fake
>all in at 15kLiterally, just fuck my shit up.
There's over $100k in that sell wallWe're not going anywhere boys
Maybe it will get pulled.
At least it looks like nobody is panic dumping it any lower than 11k.I fomo bought in at 15k like a retard and at this point just want to get out even.
It did get pulled mostly.
Probably trying to buy the panic sells
I was in the ORIGINAL thread two days ago and finally took profits earlier this morning, a NICE great gain, and exited NULS completely.
HOWEVER, is it time to reenter now?
What do you think?
Buy now?
I dunno, as a 15k bagholder I'd say hell yeah!!!
But who knows.
A lot of fud going around it now with a shitty white paper and it turns out there wasn't even an ICO for this it just go air dropped for free.
I still don't understand much about it I just wanted to ride the pump a little longer I thought it would at least make it to 20k...I think an 11k buy in would have little downside but its your call.
you'll be ok lad.
+40000% incoming
Don't worry.
Everybody sold for the RDN run.
They will be back when they realize the token is not necessary to use the network.
If no one dumps, we'll go back to $1 I believe.
Hopefully people market buy.
4273994One Belt, One Road.
The Altpocalypse scared people back into thinking that holding is a meme.
But sometimes you really do just have to hold on for dear life.
See you on the moon lads
damn dude if it was you thank you i made like $5000 off of that.
seriously, right?
At least for a week.
Remember WTC fud?
Deluded nullies
I missed Walton.
Watched it happen from the sidelines though.
Not this time.
Has the "one belt, one road" thing been confirmed on slack or anything?
I'm praying that wasn't just some random dude making shit up.
Because if it's true... holy shit
I didn't mean to imply I was the whale OP I was just saying I was participating IN that thread.
Chinese regulation is very strict now.
They closed down all of the scams.
This is legit even if the communication isn't great right now.
This.
China FUD was a blessing in disguise.
And now meats back on the menu.
Giddy up!
China ban*
I agree, that's why I want to see were they said there part of the one road deal.
I'm afraid it's just a rumor shills made up based on nothing.
that shit is going to collapse so hard lmao.
It's going to be epic.
Yes, people don't realize that running a scam in China is punishable by death.
They closed the exchanges, probably executed a bunch of alt coin scammers, created regulations that require governmental cooperation and basically got rid of anything that didn't meet regulations.
Stocked up today on the dips.
Leaving humanity and you pajeets behind once this rocket blasts off.
Only 40million coin supply and tiny market cap.
they're*
It's ok though.
We do.
What color lambo you getting?
Buying a house and hanging a picture of lambo on the wall.
40 million>tiny market capdroolingretardpepe.png
Actually, I already have a house, but buying a new one...or a second one, or income property.
Honestly a better idea anyway desu senpai.
I don't really want one either, I want to build one of these.
Nice!
No, he's saying the amount of coins is 40 million not that the market cap is $40 million.droolingretardpepe.png indeed.
At current price market cap is like 32mm
The coins literally been bouncing between 90 cents and $1.20 for two days.
That's a 40 million market cap sport.
looks at VEN MC>looks at WTC MC>looks at OMG MC>looks at NEO MC>mfw
you must be a pajeet.
I said CURRENT PRICE, not price in the last 2 days.
Learn english pajeet.
This is murrica