>https://www.reddit.com/r/icocrypto/comments/7cnge4/what_do_whales_focus_on_a_new_strategy_for/this link is really interesting - I wonder what do you guys think about SpankChain, it's been promoted by Janice Griffith and Kayden Kross and looks really legit.Some of the points from the article:> Intermediary payment processors such as CCBill take a 10-15% cut of performer’s earnings.
Most camsites take between 30-50% cut of performers’ earnings.
Adult content marketplaces such as ManyVids take a 40% cut or more.If they pull this off they will decrease the performers’ cut down to 1-5% !
In addition a decentralized system can make all the expensive middlemen obsolete.>They only started promoting SpankChain a few weeks ago, however they already hundreds of models signed up!They are already partnered with Janice, Kayden, Johni Darkko, Kendra Lust and others.>They are partnered with District0x and Aragon in order to create the Red Light District Marketplace.>They use Channels that allow for micropayments by minimising the GAS fees per transactions.
This is one of the first application of the channels technology.
I already invested.
hodling for lyfe!!
this is the worst shill thread I've ever fucking seen.do you have any fucking idea how to shill?As a professional shill let me tell you you're fucking retarded.
You're doing the culture completely fucking wrong, no one fucking reads that subreddit, your post is wa yway too fucking wrong on it and misses all of the wrong points, like.just kill yourself im not even finishing this post.
sage.
Say it with me guys.
S. C. A. M.
Lol, donno who posed in your cereal but go ahead and correct OP please.
What arguments did he miss?
Positive or negative?
dude.the subreddit is 100% fucking dead and the post was posted 10 minutes ago.this thread could not have possibly been made by anyone not affiliated with the project or the post.I like that you're using different IPs but just get with the fucking program.no one cares about the fucking arguments here
Can you follow an argument?
I asked what are you arguments for/against Pajeet.
Not about the subreddit.
professional shill you mean pajeetkyssage
There was a coin that was already made and designed to do this exact thing.
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sexcoin/
since you're so dense i'm not even going to help you.i've been paid to do serious shilling on this board and let me tell you we wouldn't pay you a single fucking satoshi for this bullshit.peace out.
Do they have actual pornstars shilling them ?
I bet every guy on 4chan knows Janice lol
Sure and that's why you have the need to bark on here lol.
This shit doesn't need shillling.Every technology that touches the adult entertainment industry has categorically been boosted subsequently.
I think that's a pretty decent shill if you ask me lol.
I mean, yeah porn industry is hard not to make money on, especially if they alredy have performers signed up.
Do you think there is a flipping potential ?
yes lol
just bid 3000 Eth at 30 mil market cap @ op
Dude, you rich :o
did you actually threw 1M on spankchain?
How is this different compared to fapcoin?
better team, better partners, more thought-through, SpankChain is the only legit adult industry blockchain tech out there at the moment
they probably by now have 1000 performers signed up, it's pretty natural that the performers will want lower fees.
At the same time, the team is experienced enough to actually pull the tech off.
sauce for babe?
This is the one ICO that I have high confidence in mooning.First of all there is a certifiable PRODUCT thats in DEMAND.Second: There are many companies willing to implement this technology and not just sit on their asses.
As we all know the porn industry were the first to release 4K content on websites, first with HTML5 Video, first with 3d vr video (even before youtube)This could go BIG
The sale is almost finished now
Janice Griffith -.-