WE ARE THE LEGACYMARINES AND WE ARE NOT FUCKING SELLINGGREEDY CHINKS CAN PRY MY MONEY FROM MY COLD DEAD 1MB HANDSWE ARE THE CORE MARINE CORPS
BTC cant die because it is BTC
2k here we come !
When you realize the mistake you've made you won't be able to sell.You've all been warned for months about the chain death spiral.
Well, good luck.
Lol that would be so cool hahaMaybe during the week, I'm optimistic :)
enjoy your cold dead 1MB hands
I like holding both and taking a wait and see approach.
Good thing you're the Marines because you're going underwater.
>i saved this image weeks ago
hello, i would like to buy one dollar of BTC please>>alrighty mate, that'll be 8 dollars, plus tipmfw
Enjoy being shunned by the actual commercial users as your transaction fees go through the roof.Bitcoin basically decided to shoot itself in the head.
Could have been ubiquitous, now it is destined to languish in the corner while other coins take the market cap.
Core marine reporting, holding 1.04 BTC since 7137.
This is the face of a cult member, won't listen to reason, can't listen to reason, and too brainwashed to leave even as they're walking into their own demise.
I changed this filename minutes ago
Adam Back reacts to the Bitcoin Cash flippeningAdam Back of Blockstream reacts to the Bitcoin Cash flippening.
Blockstream is forced to liquidate all of it's assets.https://www.captiongenerator.com/723942/Adam-Back-reacts-to-the-Bitcoin-Cash-flippening
It's not legacy - the other coin is a fraud.
Just riding on the namesake.
Oh please, for months everyone on here thought bcash was fucking trash and fake bitcoin.
Now suddenly they all love it, after it rose quickly.
Some coincidence huh?
They hate bitcoin because they bought alts, which got murdered last month.
And all of this because they missed bitcoin's big moves and are afraid of not "making it".
Bitcoin is hitting $3,500 next weekYou've all been warned - this is coordinatedDon't ask me how I know - keep your eyes peeled for Wednesday
lol FUDgo back to making $25 deposits on coinbase.
I hope so.
Missed it the last time.
Could have doubled my money already.
This time i will be sure to buy.