NO MORE SEGWIT TO XSELL SELL SELL
FUUUUUUCK I WON'T BE ABLE TO TRANSFER TO AN EXCHANGE AND SELL THE FUTURES BEFORE IT'S TO LATE
this will crash the price because all the retards that wanted free money will sell
Right...that's what I thought.
Why is it mooning instead?
4249494it wasn't alts that was booming earlier this year, btc was lagging
It's the exit pump.
4249494This is very bullish news.
It means there's no more uncertainty over BTC's future holding it back.
this, september
i kept telling you all chinkcoin was never going to go anywhere.
the uncertancy is gone so bitcoin is getting a boost as expected.it will take a little longer for those who bought in just for fork-coins to move back into alts, right now this good news overwhelms anything else.
The Segwit2x effort began in May with a simple purpose: to increase theblocksize and improve Bitcoin scalability.
At the time, the Bitcoincommunity was in crisis after nearly 3 years of heavy debate, and consensusfor Segwit seemed like a distant mirage with only 30% support among miners.Segwit2x found its first success in August, as it broke the deadlock andquickly led to Segwit’s successful activation.
Since that time, the teamshifted its efforts to phase two of the project - a 2MB blocksize increase.Our goal has always been a smooth upgrade for Bitcoin.
Although westrongly believe in the need for a larger blocksize, there is something webelieve is even more important: keeping the community together.Unfortunately, it is clear that we have not built sufficient consensus fora clean blocksize upgrade at this time.
Continuing on the current pathcould divide the community and be a setback to Bitcoin’s growth.
This wasnever the goal of Segwit2x.As fees rise on the blockchain, we believe it will eventually becomeobvious that on-chain capacity increases are necessary.
When that happens,we hope the community will come together and find a solution, possibly witha blocksize increase.
Until then, we are suspending our plans for theupcoming 2MB upgrade.We want to thank everyone that contributed constructively to Segwit2x,whether you were in favor or against.
Your efforts are what makes Bitcoingreat.
Bitcoin remains the greatest form of money mankind has ever seen,and we remain dedicated to protecting and fostering its growth worldwide.Mike Belshe, Wences Casares, Jihan Wu, Jeff Garzik, Peter Smith and ErikVoorhees-- *Mike Belshe**CEO, BitGo, Inc*
ExplainThis is heading for 8k - 10k

This is heading for 8k - 10kExplain.
So what happens to the S2X futures now?
Contracts invalidated?
Institutions don't invest when there is uncertainty.
Now there is none.
And CME is onboard.
Flood gates have opened.
To those asking "why is BTC mooning"-- the uncertainty around if BTC or S2X will be 'primary' is now gone.
At least in the immediate, BTC is king again.There's more pump to be had here now that people are sure and want to re-secure their BTC positions.
I old you bitfinex is scamming you.
You didn't listen
people who bought those knew the risksThey lost their money basically.LOL
BTC Core simply won!
Amazing times ahead for BTC!!
bitcoin has been depressed for months due to this fork chink drama, now it's over, it can return to its non-depressed price.all the people jumping into bitcoin for fork coins aren't going to jump out now right at the start of a new rally, are they?
BTC better go to 20k, I need some cheap alts.
Most people have no idea about b2x and "free money", all b2x represented was instability for them.
Hahaha Are You me?
Should I buy in heavy now?
Is now the time?
Will there be a dip soon?I just want to sink my meager $1k savings and hopefully have enough to get a cool computer after new years.
CHARLIE LEE WINS
Remember them
YOU SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT BEFOREBUT NOW IS THE BEFORE OF LATER
fuck off
I remember someone saying a few minutes ago that futures went up to $1500lol
But he's rightnow they can push segwit with the next update, instead of protections for the fork.
fuck you talking about?
bitcoin already has segwit
I can't catch these knives
btc spiked up to 50k on bitmex
CME is onboardyeah i think you dont understand the consequences of thatfutures means more shorts that can't be squeezed by tether and exchangesinstitutional money aren't retards and they know if something went 10x this year it will correct hard pretty soon
wtf I wasn't ready!
they will put the functionality in the core wallet is what I meant.
doesn't mean shit for the price though, they don't ever touch bitcoins
wasn't it the futures?
it is, do you mean using segwit addresses by default?
It started mooning minutes before the news dumbass
before the news>implying the exit scam pump started because whales heard the news before it went mainstream.
f
I SOLD ALL MY ALTS FOR FUCKING BTC
>Fucking stop loss triggered at 7,000 two days ago, which I didn't realize, Poloniex sold my BTC>Pumps to 8k today.Fuck sake.
Bitcoin Core v0.15.x supports Segwit from the command line already.
GUI integration was planned for v0.15.1 but had to be postponed to deal with extra defenses that had to be prioritized due to the 2X hardfork shitshow.
i kept telling you all chinkcoin was never going to go anywhere.LMAO, chickcoin!