www.fenix.techdecentralized and uncensored torrents & standalone wallet due out at the start of next month.
Pajeets selling their moon tickets.ico ends in a couple of days.
nows the time to go balls deep.this is going to be listed on exchanges in the next week.pro tip for ico's, unlisted coins can be bought using the contract address.https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
fuck i forgot the title: Crypto Profits 101: Normies don't know how to EtherDelta
How many did you get?
doubled down on my position.
i hold 36k now.
Cool man I got 16500.
Hope it's enough.
it should be around $1 after exchange listing
Dam that'd be nice.
the whitepaper looks impressive.
i'm going to keep this one on my watch list.
Can this PnD group samefag a little less?
Its painfully obviousSage
The whitepaper is like 6 pages long and reads like it's written by a child.
Also, when the dev was actually communicating on bitcointalk they said ICO sales were distributed as money came in.
Checking the etherscan shows basically only airdrops so they've barely sold shit.
They have been silent for 2 weeks now.
This scam is long over.
Nobody buy this shit.
where can we keep up to date on exchange listings, news, etc with this project?
who's the samefag?
unless someones purposely trying to make it look like samefagging.. hmm.. good troll if they are.this isn't even a pump and dump, pajeets dumping miss out next week.
I'm holding.why would you keep it on a watch list?
there is only a few cheap coins left, weak hands are almost gone.
Here comes the FUD.. watch the buy wall grow with the fud.don't be a pajeet and sell into it, look at the orderbook, it wont take much to move up.
I've got 60k, gonna hold.
Obviously he's talking about you dickhead.
Your scam tactic is awful please slit your wrists.
Look at the "team" for this project.
I challenge any anon to prove they are actually real people.
no shit sherlock.
except i'm not samefagging.
Do your own research, some anon found 2 of them the other day.eric johnson is a big bitcoin guy.
Oh yeah, Eric Johnson the big bitcoin guy that can be found nowhere on Google.
I found his LinkedIn 10 seconds after googling him
Bro, you are lazy and a bad shill.
You didnt even look.
I found his linked in very easily and i dont even own this coin or intend on buying it
There is zero information in that Linkedin and no picture.
Try again?
>pajeets selling cheap coins>hitbtc listing coming next week>lamboland these cheap coins wont last.
100x moon incoming goys.