>ETH mooning>BCH mooning>XMR up>LTC up>alts green>BTC steadyIt doesn't look like money is being reallocated.
Is new money coming in?
What's going on guys
Everyone got a holiday bonus this season.
Bonuses are up like 66% for this holiday so everyone has a little extra cash to throw around.
Hell yeah more money is coming in OP.Also, not as many sell orders placed as people are eating with family all day.
Lots of increases coming in the next 12 hours.
Many rockets going off right now.
CME starting.
Normies flooding in.
Worldwide advertising of the blockchain revolution.
Worldwide money flowing into the same market.
This will never stop.
FIAT is slipping...
Stupid Op who think that 1$ of market cap = 1$ of money invested.
A financial product can increase in value without anyone buying it.The price is independent from volume.
Everything's a free airdrop these days.
THIS IS THE ENDIT'S COMPLETELY OGRE
Black Friday & Christmas money coming in for sites like NewEgg & Purse.io which accept BTC.
Holiday bonuses & gift money.
People prepping to give crypto as gifts for the holidays.Or maybe it's a Chinese p&d on the entire cryptosphere by minting new garbage like USDT then cashing out because they don't celebrate Thanksgiving & North America is distracted, bloated with tryptophan laden turduckens.
People are still going to be saying !!!CRASH!!!
OMFG!!CRASH!!
when it has been steady over 5 Trillion market cap for years.
Remember, more and more projects and ideas and people are working on blockchain now.
More funding is flooding in too.
The flood of 401K and foreign money has not even started coming in....
Protip: Sell altcoins for Bitcoin before other people have the same idea.
newfag.You present the most obvious thing to do as an impressive idea.However it's not the right thing to do right now.
Contrary to popular believe, crypto (or stocks) are not a zero sum game.
If for some ethusiastic reason tomorrow everybody decided not to sell aby bitcoin under 9500, then the price would necessarily jump up and market cap is created.Stocks, futures and dividents already exceed initial fiat reserves and output by several multiples.The value is from all people who don't use their money, throwing itcall into a pocket, enabling the few whi need to cash out into other resources to do so.
Everthing being green doesn't necessitate new money coming inc(buying low sell orders).
Set sell orders can go up, simple due to optimism and people not wanting to sell lower.
Wait longer then, or wait for a BTC crash?
Yes BTC is still way overbought.If you want to hedge your alt gains go to fiat.
But it's still early.
WE'RE BREAKING FREE OF THE BONDS OF THE ENERGY CONGLOMERANCE
price is independent from volumeDo you realize how absolutely false that statement is?
Supply and demand controls valuation.
More people buying, price goes up.Don't be a brainlet.
If volume and supply were independent, BCH wouldn't have skyrocketed the other week when its volume eclipsed BTC's own.
If I make up a new coin with 1000 unit of supply and sell one at 10$ to someone it means the market cap goes from 0 to 10k.How much money has been moved?
Not 10k.
10$.Then I announce a new functionality.
I find a new person to buy a coin 20$.
My market cap increased again of $10k.
How much money has been moved to go to 20k?
That's right, 20$.
And what happened when orders get canceled and the orderbook shift?
Where is the volume?You obviously are very light on financial theory.
I understand this.
But for the marketcap/price to increase, money still has to flow into the coin.If the coin doesn't have a healthy volume, the price will not be healthy, either.Buying activity fuels the price and thus the market cap.
If money is not changing hands from coin to coin, it has to be coming from somewhere
If you have a very restricted liquidity, the price can increase without much volume.So all you need is a high liquidity in Bitcoin and a low liquidity in alts to have the price of BTC remains stable while alts are going up.A lot of money is flowing out of BTC but since the orderbook is filled with orders (that's what liquidity is), the price remains stable.
Buying activity fuels the price and thus the market cap Lack of liquidity coupled with volume fuels the price.In a perfect world, any buyer would find a seller and the price would only depends of real factors like expected cash flows associated with the token.However, the real world is different from theory precisely because of the lack of liquidity.So I agree the price can move because of the volume coming in, but the level of liquidity will ultimately decide what volume you need to move the price.
Finally a smart dude on biz
Right about fuckin time to buy some TIO.
Very low circulating supply,platform lunches soon, german team, strong community..soon to be listed on coinmarketcap: 
Yes OP, something is very wrong... everything is inflating rapidly, it's not us or normies doing it, it's artificial...
Then why aren't people investing their holiday money into BTC?