Last chance to get in
i got tricked last night by you schlomoim not doing it again, im lucky it was only 200 dollars
>mfw I bought the .16 dipThe flippenning is upon is, it's inevitable.
BTC has 200k unconfirmed tx, it takes 5 days to transfer btc, it's dead.
Last chance to get in... before the final crash
Fake news.
I just looked it up and it's down to 111k unconfirmed and dropping since all the miners moved back to Btc.
Of BTC
when does the real pumping start cuz right now its just doing dead cat flips
It's got half that, you complete liar.
Even if you pay a tiny fee it'll still confirm within a day.
It's had many times the number of transactions in the mempool in the past, when Roger and his cronies spent even more money filling it with spam transactions, for example.
Keep trying.
Sent some BTC this morning.
Got in the next block.
Those transactions in mempool are spam.
Dude, you need to upgrade your shill script.
This chink scamcoin derailed altcoin pump this weekend.
Never been that happy to see you fuckers got rekt.
I can't believe people still don't accept the fact that they got taken advantage of
everyone accepts it.. they just keep hoping they can turn things around
half of them comes from roger and jihan 0.001tx to spam btc network, try harder
what a co(((chink)))edence.
that's bargaining
no, many people are delusional and still believe in "the flippening"ETH had a much better chance to be sincere, but still, not gonna happen
i can accept losses when i make bad trades but losing 50% in the space of literally 5 minutes because an exchange gets ddos'd isnt fair play, fucking bullshit of the highest caliber.
can some
*can someone explain this?
still 110k+ unconfirmed transactions despite having all the hash power>this is fine.jpgthe absolute state of corecucks
an exchange gets ddos'doh my godpoor naive childRoger Ver talked with them and told them to unplug it while he did the dump, so people wouldn't have time to cancel"OOPS WE GOT DDOSED!
", thanks for the millions Roger!
still not fair play then, thats why people are pissed off.
are you stupid?the transactions are going down, when bitcoin has normal hashpower and 10 minute blocks, the mempool is basically empty.You are siding with a guy who is constantly spamming the network to attack it and have an excuse to create his coin where he has total control and an extra advantage to mining it.You are a retard being manipulated, accept it
b-b-b-but the lightning networkb-b-b-but the high fees are because Bitcoins digital gold
no one gives 2 shit about retail investor, ie MtGox ppl get refunds at the dollar price of their holdings (dollar price when MtGox was hacked)
he might be another ver's human proxy minion
so is he retarded or are you thinking bitcoin will ever have normal hashpower and 10 minute blocks more like 10 hour blocks.
BCH is forked from BTC your argument is invalid
who said im siding with anyone?, i couldnt care less about muh flippening, i scalp whatever coin is moving, made good profits until the exchange went offline, 50% down in 5 minutes flat, name me another coin that did that?
some of us have been in this game a long time, kid.
I've held bitcoin since 2010.
There is a reason the old school bitcoiners like Gavin and Roger are supporting BCH.
It starts with reading Satoshi's whitepaper.
it will conform in a day fucking DAY HOURS>THE FUTUREReally upgraded my thought processor with that one anon
Bitcoin Crash aka Jihanscoin is finished.
it failed to usurp the king and will now die a slow and painful death as punishment for its transgressions.
oh dear
.2where is your god now btcucks?
just woke up i see, been hovering at this price for hours
did you forget where bcash was yesterday?
did you forget where is was a week ago?
21 israel
No
It's actually still increasing and 2PM EDT the miners move back to BCH.
You have been warned.
Where do u get this info from?
Be jihan, early 2017>Find small exploit on Bitcoin PoW.>Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.>Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.>Upcoming Segwit upgrade to Bitcoin would nullify my exploit.https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9f>Spam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempoolhttp://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.pnghttps://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hhttps://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-why>Tell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade>For the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners>Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok>I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coinhttps://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/>Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easilyhttps://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208>Rent russian social farm for a few days>Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book>Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage>Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be biggerIf you buy BCH, you are being manipulated.
You see it’s time to buy when you see all this retarded FUD on /biz/.In about 1 hr BCH will be more profitable to mine, again.NTC transactions are stuck, make your own conclusions.I’m not even bagholding , I swing traded it and now I’m in again at 0,19, not the dip but even 0,2 is a good entry level.Not saying to put in a cold storage and forget about it but you will regret in few hours this opportunity.
do you feel it, anon?
the traders are waiting for the hard fork count down announcement.
The BTC/BCH market is really stable currentlyWhere will get the Pink Wojacks meme from?
BTC/BCH investors?
Finding efficiencies in code is not an exploitFuck WhalePanda, that Eurotrash cock gobbler thought Ethereum would fade away into dust, when has he ever been right.
7 minutes faggots
Stop hyping up the fork to create a pump.
The DAA does change the game theory in BCH favor but its effects will take time.
bought back in just now... riding the wave baby
HOLY SHIT LAMBOLAND HERE WE GO
THE BOLLINGER BANDS JUST GOT TIGHT ITS GONNA EXPLODE!!!!!
the ride never endsplease god no
Even if you pay a tiny fee it'll still confirm within a dayUtter lies.
I sent a transaction on the 8th of 2BTC with a mid level fee and it took over 2 days to clear.
This isn't even a new thing.
Even if that is true and these guys are conspiring and attacking the network it still shows how shitty the network is and migration is the only answer at this point.
https://cash.coin.dance/
WTF is the exit target price on the chart??
I do not have my charts right now!
Please fellow anon traders!
Unironically bitcoin WILD WILD WEST NIGGA
That sure is a nice decentralized cryptocurrency network you've got there, global users of BTC>Sure would be a shame if something happened to it
How the new eda works??
I might jump in if it's not retarded like last one
.5 sats nigga
getting ready for second pumpthe tension is growing strong
thanks just bought 100milion OHHHHH NOONONONONONONONO WHERE DID MY IOTA GO MY WALLET IS EMPTY NONONONNO
Confirmed Boyshttps://www.docdroid.net/MQT7VIB/pbc-bitcoin-cash.pdf
Exchange will stop BCH deposits because of the fork.
If you have your BCH and a wallet and want to send it to an exchange(Yes that is still possible because blocks are actually big enough ) you wont be able to
I got mine back!!
Its took 3
No, you are retarded.EDA = Emergency Difficulty Adjustment algorithmThe new algorithm is not temporary and thus not "emergency"The new algorithm is called just the DAA = Difficulty Adjustment AlgorithmJust look at the description and compare it with BTCs: https://www.bitcoinabc.org/november
I bought .16 too.
We're hitting 0.5 this time
Waiting to move a small sum of bitcoin to coinexchange to buy an alt.
One hour in 3/6 confirmations.
Please don't temporarily drop again btc.
china>patent>exploit>available to all players>segwit>anything to do with blockchains or bitcoin>high fees and transaction times>currency of the future
You mean "store of value" not a currency
how long are we hodling on boys?when do we jump off?are we going to 3k?
higher?
I tried to get you guys in.
BTC is going down and BCH is running up.
bch=1btc

this is itthis is what kills the blockstream kikecoin
Lol, it's going apeshit RN, cya at the moon
Weak hands are gone.
We're going all the way up boy
/6
bch=10btc
If doesn´t confirm before the bch fork you money will be stuck for some days
These fags doubting BCH made me losy so much money listening to them.Teeka Fucking Tiwari just recommended it.I'm going back in.If you lost money (like me), or missed out on first nights train (like me), this might be your chance for revenge
In hindsight core should've just increased the block size.
I'm aware of that
Is this real?
I starting day trading more actively for fun and I was up 60% on the small stack I alloted myself.
Then I was down 20% because of this chink shit.
I just FOMO'ed back in.
I fucking hate my life.
I have 300$ of this bitcoin cash a friend was being a fag about.
Am I going to be rich?
Yeah, we're in same boat practically.
I was feeling great until this shit happened.Good luck.
I mean that.
Not even if it mooons.
buy high, sell low, HODL, JUSTkek, never change biz
filtering pajeets out is a bad thingkek
The screaming posts about charts and mooning are the exact same rhetoric you see during every single /biz/ pump and dump.
The dump is over and you missed it.
This is a fraud being perpetrated by a convicted felon and some douchebag who thinks child porn should be legal.Do not touch this with a 40-foot pole.
today will be historic for bitcoin, we'll read about it in textbooks.
it's been a good run core, but it ends tonight.
it's Roger Ver manipulating the market
It's dumping now because it was at the top of the bollingers, but the trend is still upwards in the short term.
The guy raised a good point anon, if CP was legal then 4chan autists could legally see it and work together to hunt down the people who made it based on clues in the background.
Can Roger Ver please accidentally fall from a balcony
 I'm pretty sure FBI and CIA are better at that stuff then a north western pacific islander guro knitting focus group
110000 is okayCories are boomers at this point
/pol/ managed to find Shia Lebouf's flag when all they had to go off of was a webcam video of it in the sky by using the direction of the winds and sound of car horns and a highway in the distance
About what?https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionshttps://www.bitcoinabc.org/november
small dump, weak hands getting out... they cant take it anymore LOLTREND IS STILL UPWARDS>https://cash.coin.dance/
Fork in 20 Minutes.
Expecting to hit 1600$ within a few hours.
lmao corecuck tears
Expecting a huge dump to 400$ right after
Who was that guy asking for a call at 1500?
There you go mate.
SAIL AWAY JOIN THE NEW WAVE GOODBYE BTC
I managed to put about a hundred euro worth of btc into ALIS.
I hope the other half isn't lost forever keeping it in btc
 Real question?What are the chances that this is merely a countdown-induced pump, and that when the fork happens and nothing changes, the price will continue dumping?
If anyone knew the answer to that they would not be telling /biz/
This isn't the your typical early adopter - I can't make money without cheating - pump and dump.this is a hostile takeover that could have been achieved if Bithumb wasn't DDoS'ed.Miners establish a floor for bcc price, if the then pump up the floor to make it profitable then the bloodbath will continue for weeks at least.
Most likely it is a combination of that plus the fact bitcoin wasn't able to break its downtrend and is retracing.
Roger Ver and Jihan Wu are pulling off a great marketing campaign and I think you are incredibly stupid if you think BCH is just going to go away.
bch is a meme, its obvious even to me, a fucking nocoiner shitposter, but i'm having fun shilling that piece of trash, /biz/ been comedy gold last 5 days.
my dad told me satoshi herself posts here
 i'm having fun shilling that piece of trashDoing gods workWhy don't you buy some shitcoin to feel more at home here?
i'm a poorfag and i don't trust crypto, might meme with a few hundred $ some day, but having it as a long term investment looks stupid to me, it literally can crash any day
It is fun being the jew for once, and taking those sweet, sweet shekels
I just realised something,during the "flippening" antpool was still mining BTC ,so while he was spamming the network hes paying himself the transaction fees whilst clogging up the network.
lmao corecuck tearsI own both because I've been hodling since (well before) the Aug 1st fork.
No matter who wins, I win.And I'm telling you, this isn't going to work.
You absolute fucking cuck
>city of corecucksSAD
Holy shit this happened?
Details or proof?
you are fucking brain dead.
the top 3 wallets have half a billion dollars each, this shit will crash and burn into hell
Buy the dip.
BUY THE DIP MOON AT 4:30
says the no-coiner corecuckt.
corecuck winkleberg
those are the exchange wallets dumbass.
the largest holder of BCH is Satoshi Nakamoto
tfw I've bought several tips including the .15 one today and I've tripled my bitcoin in 3 daysthanks bcash supporters
MOON AT 4:30why and what time zone