hey guys i hav like a 180+ IQ how do I make tons of money through trading give me a quick rundown what do i read what do I do what should my mindset be hehe GORILLA nigga haha but seriously no jokes please give me some advice.Thanks, y'all.
ir ur so smart look at the charts, dumby
buy high sell lowtiming the market >>>>> time in the marketchasing the pumps is usually a good way to make moneypanic selling will save you from a lot of painmake sure you always go with the first google result when you search for an exchange or a wallet online.good luck in your journey
nah but I just need like some guidance.
How do I get the big enchilada on my plate?
sell yourself to a science lab so they can figure out how you turned out so fucking retarded
this seems like bad advice, intuitively.
miss out then
rude.
You dont know whether or not I'm stupid.
Realize that Chainlink will join them all
jonathanflower#5056
for example, if I were to buy high and sell low, it seems like I would lose wealth with every pair of trades.
How is that a plan for success?
It seems like it should be "buy low, sell high".
I teach people how to trade in these markets
With the whole finex crash (probably) incoming, I'd get out of crypto right fucking now for a while.
Afterwards, watch the market, if BTC recovers, do some bitcoin leverage trades; if alts start mooning again, look for good ICO's.
I've literally only took the time to reply due to you having that Cooper pic, btw
4489913total nonsense.
Bahahahahaha that's where you are wrong
maybe come up with something yourself:^)
the economy's gonna crash!!!
xD>get out while you can bro you didnt hear this from melol is this what counts for advice on this site?
Please tell me, what's going to cause this crash?
Surely if you know you could make some money off of it.
he's ironic, literally do the opposite of what that anon said and you're good

whoops, forgot to get rid of my name from other the thread lol
how could you possibly know?
I can keep going lol
Are you expecting us to lay out some golden path for you that guarantees success?Read everything on investopedia to start so you understand terms.
Then go through this list of books>the intelligent investorFor value>dow theory for the 21 centuryFor charting>crossing the chasm For modern tech value>founders at workFor fundamentals
yeah, I really do teach people how to trade in these markets
nah I guess a post like yours is mostly what I was looking for.
I also didn't know if there were some kinky principles to keep in mind when trading retardshit like crypto-coins, or if nobody knows what to do with them.why not just tell us publicly what your "master scheme" is, rather than teasing at it while advertising your discord?
Seems like one of those scams where you build trust on small money and then totally fuck them over on the first big enough trade.
>he thinks we wont just straight up lie to him>he doesnt know about the zero sum game
Such a good book
it's not a zero-sum game though.
because then it would stop working, of courseand this isn't a Pump and Dump group; these are one-on-one conversations with my studentsthese people have paid me
oh you charge money lmao.
gtf out of here then.
This board is for shitposting and semi-ironic pleas for help, not to advertise your shitty meme-tutoring scheme
It's just an opinion, guy, I see a lot of FUD here that actually makes sense, for once.
Then again, you should always do the opposite of what biz wants you to do, so I dunno
where else do you think these people come from?
lol
literally citing FUD itself and not the arguments that inspired itwell dang maybe I'm not as stupid as I thought
all on LINK, that's what smart people here did.
Let's see, you lied about your IQ, you can't understand simple price fluctuations in markets caused by the volume of trade in the past 24 hrs, you don't even understand that this is all easily understandable by reading through simple numbers and percentages (without even having to understand how the coins work to make money), and yet you claim to have an IQ of 180?
Seems like you're trying really hard to make yourself seem more intelligent then you actually are, even more pathetic that you would care to convince those on an anonymous image board lol.
digits confirm lol
never said you're stupid, you can buy BTC if you're so inclined and ignore my opinion about the crash, the rest is just as valid if you think there's no such risk.
no one here can make financial decisions for you, least of all me, anyway
180 should figure out.
Slap your until 60 and we will be there to answer them all.
If you are so smart you wouldn't be asking this question on a chinese cartoon board.Also, in the remote case you are not LARPing and you didn't get the number from an online test, you are fucked, it's been actually proven that high IQs don't do well on trading (at least on stocks) because they overanalyze the charts.
Jesus titty fucking Christ peopleHere.4chans official room for trading, crypto and EDUCATIONall FREEXaviers School for the gifted.https://discord.gg/rz3vS5
he keeps shilling discords>buy suggestions in an education setting
why would I lie about my super high genius IQ?
you maybe are just jealous methinks???
Damn awesome placeThanks
you're welcome