>bcash only goes up on the weekends from korean pumps>bcash has already inflated 150k more coins than bitcoin>bcash spams tiny transactions on the bitcoin network to raise fees and raise the memepool to give some plausibility to its existence beyond a naked attack by centralized miners who want control over bitcoin>bcash has no segwit so can't use lightning network, MAST, etc>bcash has unknown developers who have already fucked up once>bcash is only publicly supported by retarded manchild roger ver, knock-off chinese supervillain jihan wu, and notorious bullshit artist on the run for murder john "i'm going to win the presidency.
definitely.
seriously guys.
brb eating own dick."
mcafee.>bcash claims to be decentralized but is mined 60% by one chinese company which defeats the whole purpose of crypto>bcash has more unequal distribution of tokens>bcash has a CEO>bcash shamelessly uses the bitcoin brand simply to confuse newbies>bcash hires social farms to spread propagandadid i miss anything?
IT'S CALLED BITCOIN CASH NOT BCASH
you missed this.
There there we know you missed the BCH boat

bcash claims to be decentralized but is mined 60% by one chinese company which defeats the whole purpose of cryptoi object
The amount of people in crypto that don't understand mining blows my fucking mind.Would you put all your money in an alien bank that you knew nothing about beside "Shits magic, yo.
I put it in and get it out and that's all.
"Of course you would, cause that's exactly what you're doing.
I got manipulated last weekend, so I'm not falling for it again.I'm sure it happened to more people too.Fuck Bcash, never again
Google this:bcash unknown minerand check the images
McAfee doesn't support BCH
it's almost mandatory for these things to centralize, forks are the get out of jail cards
>normal transactions are network spam
So misguided.
Stop holding sentimental value to any coin.
Do research, proper research.
You are a blind sheep.
Maybe this isnt for you?
You forgot fake Satoshi, the child porn advocate, the guy on the top 10 most wanted people for tax evasion, the wash trading on bithumb.Did I forget something?
The USG PsyOPS agent.
So you object to decentralization?You object that "it's being mined 60% by a chinese miner"we know this is trueyou object to this being a problem?
so then it means you object against decentralization?
Regardless of whether or not we object they will naturally centralize, if the central authority does something like puts a poison pill in the code we don't even need to sue them, we can merely assign value to another chain.
you said "I object"and you're not making any sense anyways