Explain this to me /biz/
Well BTC is rising and people are making money… if you chicken out and sell, you’re only losing profits.
So most are interested in keeping up the illusion.
because no one can prove that tethers are not 1:1
 They hire professional social engineers and shills to detract /biz/'s attention from these threadsMakes you think
Fucking this.Audit report says finex has the money in their accounts.
Defend this conspiracists.
You can easily fake audits.
There is no audit report
4411452in actuality these threads spamming all over biz are a hit job on btc.they want to convince you tether isnt legitimate somehow so they create panic and kill btc.
and they are paid.
There are no audit from outside.
Internal audits are shit and means nothing.
Tether is scam and any credible audit company will say same
Welcome to fractional reserve banking
They are promising external audits for a long time but so far no audit report was ever published anon
You dumb Nigger, get out until the midnight, because after that your lambo becomes pumpkin and bull becomes bear.
Or on the other hand don't, you are an adult, it's your problem if you become broke
Tether can't be bank and has no right to use fractional banking.
They will be fucked by the state
There absolutely was an audit by a third party.
The conspiracy is that Bitfinex stocked up their bank account just for the purpose of the audit.
It was 1:1 according to the audit though.
Finex generates some tethers, "buy" BTC from customers by giving them tethers.
Essentially Finex scammed them and got free BTC.Now it's up to those customers to buy other shitcoins and pass the tethers to another customer., and so on.
It's like passing around a live grenade, last person stuck with it is fucked.
i have bad news mate.
They faked the audit.
Even deluded reditors of all people know this and wouldnt touch Finex with a 20 foot pole
You can't "fake audits"You could pad your bank account before the audit happens, which is what some people think they did.I say they need 4 random audits per year.
people cant get out you idiot.
all we have is tether to hedge in not real usd.
>bitfinex gets hacked>doesn't tell anyone how or why>bitfinex only "takes" fiat deposits from institutions>institutions choose to deal with mtgox^2 instead of literally anyone elsedid you read the audit?
It said itself that it couldn't verify the existence of funds.
It was just for management based off of the info management gave them.
They didn't verify any of the info themselves.
It's rather obvious that the BCH boys are now the Tether scam boys.
Wrong.
Information on the bogus Tether audit: https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-so-called-tether-audit-that-isnt-an-audit-at-all-5a40cfcc2a75
you know there are more people than those buying bitcoin with 1k and be done with it.
The big trades dont happen on exchanges.
You need tether for those too.
I'm out of BTC.Bitfinex is gonna ruin it all ffs.
most of us cant get out of btc, we only have tether to go to.you are really fucked up scammers.
Amount of Tether just goes up in line with the growth of value of the cryptomarket doesn't it?I can't see any reason why Bitfinex wouldn't have the money to back them.
With just shy of 15% of all the 5.5 billion in daily BTC trades, they are raking in more than $2,000,000 a day on a regular day of trading just in their fees on that one coin.
They are rolling in enough cash that they can well afford to mint new Tether at a pretty fast rate.
Hey I hope you guys don't get tricked again by these Tether fudders.Hmmm I wonder if there's a group that directly benefits from BTC getting hurt.Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
They said there getting a new audit soon
Don't worry everyone.
When the music stops they will just get hacked again and offer a new token to make everything better.
It's weird how all of these Tether threads pop up a few days after the flippening fails.
People are acting like this Tether shit isn't old news.
Ya the timing just makes it too fucking obvious.But what sucks is that there are a ton of dumbasses on here that'll just accept what they're saying without really thinking about the legitimacy.
There will be a big fat pump today.60.000.000 will be injected at some point.
4412501They probably buy bch too since its traded on the same exchanges.
KysBut i truely hope that bitcoin dies, since this scam will die with it.
Reminder that bitfinex got blacklisted by jp morgan
441223544123054412467Can you tether retards answer this obvious question?>Why print tethers on the blockchain where everyone can see, when they can just edit the number in their website's database and nobody would know?
a public ledger is required for it to be trusted by other exchanges
So other exchanges are absolute retards and did zero due diligence before integrating it into their system.
Have you read the tether Website?
Ok, cool have you looked at the block chain?
Okay so you think they have the stacks to be printing 30mil ever 15-30 minutes?
>bch shitting btc Wojak pic
Well the big problem right now is they are clearly lying about the fraction they are operating on.
Supposed to be 1usdt to one usd.
It’s bullshit; it’s a middle man to the exchanges that figured out how to take btc for a ride so we can be swindled.
These lil niggas gonna be in Japanese jail like them gox niggas.
exchanges profit wether its legitimate or not
So much of this