Any DCORP bros here?
Feeling pretty stoked I think this is going to take off REAL soon.To anyone who doesn't know this token lets you vote for promising start ups to receive support and then lets you share in the profits.
First time getting in early!
This will be a moonshot to remember with this low supply and marketcap
wish I bought more, I didn't have enough time to liquidate my NULS and MOD
Yeah, its already getting crazy volume on EtherDelta for how low the coin cap is (8 million).
Once it gets a volume boost from the token converter being released and DRPU being on a real exchange on November 17th (hitBTC) it'll really moon.
And then once the VC platform/forums/new site are released in December we'll be on Mars.
Can't fucking wait
Hello shills.Where do I buy?
seriously, fuck transaction time up the ass, it fucks me over every fucking time
DRP/ETH on EtherDeltaDRP/BTC which is slightly cheaper rn on cryptopia
also they're building a derivatives exchange slated for Q2 2018
Bought 1.5 ETH in the ICO like 5 months ago.
Never thought I'd see it on an exchange, let alone moon...Sold my shitty bags to someone for 5 ETH.
3.33x gains.
Couldn't be happier.
Free 1.5k for something I'd wrote off and forgotten about.
Hope this goes well for everyone still in.
They will be listed on Hitbtc on the 17th!An admin called Yasin told me in telegram their website will be updated within days and the token changer will be made available.
For noobs who wonder why that should be important keep on reading.Without the token changer and the new website you cant convert your drp tokens into drpu, thus being listed on hitbtc would be useless.
But thats not the case!
These guys are serious.
Im sending 4 btcs but its so fkin slow.
Also buy on cryptopia or ed its easier to use and has highest volumeThis is the first time im seeing 300k volume on a first day release of a token wtf
I'm in here famalam.Put about 13k worth of ETH at the time into DRP.
Sold about 6k DRP tokens today for a total of around 30 ETH.
Not too horrible i suppose.
The rest i'm letting it ride until it hits around 5 dollars per DRP.
I have 20k DRP left.
since the ico
shame i didn't buy enough.
Bought at 0.00350 at the hour long dump after the /biz/ topic, turned around and sold my bags at 0.00520Thanks guys
Copypasta from my other thread:You guys have no idea how big this is going to be.
This is one of those you should sell your house and go all-in on.
But why?Dividends - stock fags will pay $10+ for a stock that gives $1 in dividends.
DCorp only has to make 8 million to be paying out $1 in dividends.>But anon, how will they ever make so much money?They're going to have a DEX that offers leverage and derivatives.
Derivatives in the stock market are worth 10x the GDP of the entire planet.Finally, they're also doing a VC firm where token holders vote on whether an idea should be pursued.
So all you "idea guys" can pitch your shitty idea to the sharks and the best will be funded.
This will also be a great source of revenue.If you're not all-in on this, I feel sorry for you.
See you on the moon faggots
Smooth moves my man.
I'm jelly.
I'd be pulling those numbers myself if I didn't fuck around with margin trading and completely cuck myself
Honestly I'm wondering if I should sell off some of my other shit for this.
Like actually go all in.
My main holds are DOVU, Nuls, Req and Cindicator
I'm all in this and nuls rn and feeling great
WELL.im sold.
holy shit.
This is even better than I thought...
Are you guys paid to shill this?
You're doing an awful job.
Almost none of the posts itt read like something a legitimate 4chan user would write.
You don't even have any good memes.
This is the next elix, you have been warned friends.
can you stfu?
this is how we know you moron.
It's obvious as fuc, DCORP is absolute shit tier