Had to say goodbye to the most loveable cat I've ever had this morning, he was only 22 years young and it was the toughest thing I've ever done.Rest In Peace Dexter, you will be missed.
Any donations would be greatly appreciated to help me through these difficult times.
Thank you for your generosity.12zJbKAeQDuDVgDHFMc82BvpkmqHzVXmnT
Here is an image of the medical bill as proof
YOU LITERALLY JUST POSTED THIS BUT CHANGED THE NAME, FUCK OFF YOU FUCKING KEK.
I wish i had some money to send you op, Honest to god.
My cat Kip got very ill last month and the vet bill completely drained my creditcard, now im up to my ears in debt with a baby on the way.
Fortunately he's still alive but it is no life, He's extremely anemic (none regenerative) and blood transfusions cost 2 grand a peice.
The best i can do is help him eat, drink, use the bathroom all day every day and try to keep him comfy.
He can't even stand on his own with out falling over.
I've been trying some random herbal remedies and giving his some other stuff but nothing is helping.
It's so heart breaking knowing theirs something i can do but i can't do it, and watching him be like this (at least he's not in pain i guess..) this cat is the world to me, hand raised since he was only an hour old.So i feel you op, not sure if your legit or not, But if you are, i feel you.
Ur cat died cause of a knee surgery?
Rip kitto
I hope this makes you realize you should vote more for people who are in support of animal protection / support / cost coverage..Also sorry for your cat OP, my dog died a few months ago.
Feelsbadman
Even with pet insurance I likely would have blown threw an entire years worth of coverage.
Vet's are satan.
Their offices are more high tech and expensive looking than the private hospital around here :\.
More politicians need to run on animal care but no one seems to actually give a shit :(
I'm already dealing with a 13 year old cat with a suspected brain tumor.
She has episodes where she runs in a panic, loses control of her legs and falls over.
We are trying to treat it with steroids to get it to go into remission, otherwise it will be time to make a decision.
Im sorry :(