Someone is accumulating RLC, must be because RLC is going to blast the fuck off soon.Anyone about to go in on RLC before they announce some shit?
bump
i might
never gonna moon, the better the news is the lower hte price will gobought in at like 13k a couple months ago and sold my bags at 10k a month latersome coins just aren't moon material i guess
I think the next few announcements will make it move upward over a few weeks.Once people realize the true potential of the coin then it'll blast the fuck off.
Finding the perfect entry point is the problem here.
You could easily 10x if you buy at the right time, and I think that time is coming VERY soon.
Somebody must know something about how well the app dev platform is taking off
i may have found out why
Yep.
That was my reasoning for considering jumping into it before everyone else does.I think they're getting new marketing directors too or something.
I only see good things from this team.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/305023.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/305023oh shit thanks for sharing thisthis could actually be huge.
I really want something to shake up the youtube scene, i know it's a longshot but fuck it
Some anon posted this in the Iexec thread last night"I'd say this signals the start of the new PR phase that Iexec is probably initiating, I believe they have just done some hiring in that field.
Marketing and PR have been topics that the community has raised at every possible stage.
The lack of marketing for a project with such a high potential and technical/academic/diverse/punctual team backing has created a loyal and intense tiny community (I doubt this is uncommon ) sure that they were getting into the revolution at a bargain.
However this community is beginning to become somewhat frustrated at the absolute stillness of the RLC market and its inability to ever get out of this range it's been sitting in for months.
The community blames 2 things from what I've seen 1.
Lack of marketing 2.
Manipulation (I have nowhere near the experience to be sure of this but I'd say it's probably pretty true).
I think the team is very aware that if RLCs become overpriced that would be a liability to the stability of the project so they have purposely flown as far under the radar is they can manage thus far.
Things are now changing, V1 is up, V2 is a year away, new Dapp comp, new Dapp store, small partnerships.
They will be taking this up another notch I bet thus the marketing, thus this article.New partnership announcement this week (probs not too high profile)Gilles is a top head man.
Julien is a bit submissive but very active.
In this poor newbies eyes might be a good time to buy.
Worst case is probs having money sit.0xfe025a5e9e1d67103280ba70ab5c40f68d7ba7f3"The dude seems to be following RLCs pretty closely I chipped him 0.01ETH
Yea supposedly it's Flixxo, could be another one.I saw an IBM rumor.I think it's a good time to buy when it starts leveling, but I fear a pump may come
I'm currently sitting on 1000 coins that i bought between 6600 and 7600 sats.
Considering buying another 1000 coins.
What do you anons think?
I say go for it, but I'm holding 50k bought at about the same price as you, so take it with a grain of salt.
Does anyone know why the coin pumped back in June to over $1?
No idea but i think this coin has massive value for obvious reasons
I ended up buying another 1k coins, so sitting on 2k coins now.
I'm waiting for my POWR to stop flying up before i go into RLC, but the dilemma is will RLC blast off soon ( i think it will in the next week) and make me lose out on money...
I think POWR is just a PND coin at the moment, it may have value in the far future, but it's riding on false hype imo (as an Australian, I do not believe our backwards government would ever adopt something like this without another country trialing it first).
They give out grant money for all sorts of things, it's not a big deal.
For the stage in development that it's at, I do not think it's worth 200m.