who else getting REQT
Bought 1 ETH worth of REQ at ATH - /biz/, give me your best shilling to convince me to burn another ETH on It.
Me.
Timing all buys and sales wrong this weekend.
Down a lot
go read the content on the subreddit.
you'll feel confy in no time.
Shit bro.
I average my 13k stack at ~0.000145 ETH, with some flips here and there, so I'm probably not too much down.
The project has big potential but the risk is significant.
If you can afford to lose that ETH then go for it.
13k seems like a good support.
>being degenerate gamblers in the biggest bull market in the history of the worldall you have to do is hold BTCthen pick one other altcoin you think will be big and put no more than 25% in itrelax and let the gainz come to you
good idea smartass, but having 75% of my $3,000 portfolio in BTC isn't gonna make me richI need at least 30x moonshot to not have to work ever again
you have no idea what is happening in worldwide financial markets do you
enlighten me
4432351enlighten me too faggot
Fag, u ghey as fukk breh
sorry, my dude.
if you cannot see what's right in front of you, no amount of my shilling is going to change your mind.
all i will say is this, just go all in BTC right now until March.
then, you'll have a lot more coin, but i wouldn't move more than 25% out of BTC after that.
this poorfag logic is so fucking terrible.
haha BTFO, you don't have a single argumentenjoy investing into your overvalued shitcoin that might crash to oblivion any time, because it doesn't even fucking work
this guy gets it
i tried to be polite in my first reply, but anything i told you would be pearls before swine, as evidenced by your lack of comprehension of bitcoin and what it even is.you can't even sit still on BTC until March because you're impatient.
you have poorfag logic thinking you need to hit the lottery to be rich.
keep trading away your money, it all flows to BTC anyway
BTC crashes, REQ crashes even harder.
You're new here aren't you?
BTC is king, alts crash whenever there is movement in any direction, we only see the light when it moves sideways.
I invested $800 over the past 6 weeks and built it up to $3k flipping alts, in a bear market needless to say.
How much would that net me if I just held bitcoin?
Not much, faggot.
Keep your memes, I'll retire in my early 20's.
Holding about the same amount of BTC as REQ.
was going to put more cash and BTC into REQ, you me thinking now
that's great.
you definitely out performed BTC by trading over the last 6 weeks.
next month is when it will start for BTC.
as long as your portfolio is growing faster than BTC, keep it up
just hold BTC until March to see what I mean.
if you aren't impressed with the gainz, then go back to what you were doing
$3k portfolio>Lack of confidence in alt market right now>Retire in early 20'sDo you live in a third world country or are you a genius trader?
I believe that you’re onto it, but — REQ will not be such a bargain then
About $100k is enough to live off ARK dividends in a second world country.
The plan is to build up my portfolio up to $10k and then wait for my alts to moon.
Sure as hell not gonna 33x my portfolio flipping LINK.
I guess the other option is to grow both REQ and BTC with as much as cash as possible... this is what I’d like to do but cash flow is tight atm
What's your portfolio size in terms of $?
exactly.
see my original post i have my 25% in another coin
kStarted a month and a little bit ago
Any reason why to hold until March in particular?
Any events happening between here and then?It’s definitely BTC over BCHtards, Blockstream are the good guys (at least in terms of tech) after checking out their paper on Solidity replacement language called Simplicity
Good guys for sure, the CEO is literally cited in the whitepaper.
It's god-tier neckbeards vs mba chads.
Any reason why to hold until March in particular?
Any events happening between here and then?i'll take it you meant to ask this to me, since i was mentioning March earlier.
just look at the legacy banking system and their interest in BTC.
step out of the crypto world and try to see it from the outside (the way big money would).
there have to be legitimate avenues for big money to get involved, those are coming very soon (within weeks) and after that, the floodgates will be opened.
i've said many times that BTC will be over $17K by end of 2017 and i am very confident it will be over $100K by end of 2018. the amount BTC will rise in the next two years will be beyond comprehension for most.
Yes was meant for you, not the 20yo kidThanks for the long reply.
What are these other legitimate avenues that will be opened?
So I’m guessing you think the technical changes coming to BTC will address it’s shortcomings too?
i do.
it isn't a concern of mine, which is why i didn't mention it.
CME (the largest futures market in the world) will begin BTC futures trading next month.
This will allow institutional money access to the bitcoin market.
coinbase will soon be offering concierge buying services for high net worth clients.
these are just the beginning steps - balling up some snow and setting it on top of the hill.
once BTC hits $10K which should coincide perfectly with the futures market opening, the snowball will be kicked down the hill, metaphorically speaking.
we're in the last stages before the largest wealth transfer in history happens right before our eyes.
Sell high buy low brainlet
If true, altcoin markets will be worthless for over a year (assuming you hold alts right now)
Good writeup again anon thanks Wonder what will this do to ETH and ERC-20 tokens, it seems BTC will eventually do it all with much better tech
There is literally nothing wrong with having the gay
have you tried sending BTC lately?
thanks.
i've never invested in ETH.
i do not think it is a viable project for me to invest my money.
i think another coin will do what you're suggesting, but it will be a little while.
BTC may be able to do it, but that is not why i am interested in BTC and from what i understand, that is not the reason big money is interested either.i have 25% in one alt that i think will be huge in several years.
i could be wrong, but i'm willing to put 25% of my btc in it.
i am up on it anyway, so even if it doesn't do what i think it will, i'm only down that little bit to BTC.
but you are correct to a point.
i don't see the alt market doing too badly in the next few years.
there may be some jumping ship while FOMOing on BTC, but if you're 25% invested in a solid project you should be fine.
When/if sidechaind come into play
The other coin that is the bigger tech leap from BTC to ETH is IOTA.
I’m holding a fair bit in it, it’s 2x atm
you guys need to learn to recognize FUD and ignore it.
you're being distracted from the larger picture, and because of your myopic perspective you'll miss out.
i'm only telling you this in the hopes you'll zoom out on life and enjoy the good life

r u me?good chatting with you anon, good luck
Post a name I can identify you with in the next related thread hahaK here
dubs confirmgood luck to you, as well
M here
4431576i've made one post ITT