Hey.
I'm a bit sick of the craziness, and want to settle into a low but consistent daily gain.I've got about $5,000 I am looking to put into something, and make, on average, $50-$75 per day.I was reading a past thread about ETH.A few questions: Is catching a low buy and selling a high of a day around $10-$15 difference / coin really realistic?Should I buy it with FIAT, or is BTC okay?I also hear talk of whales finally "letting the price change" in January.
Would this be, I assume, an upward movement?If ETH finally becomes unstable, what is an alternative?I'm looking to go long haul into day-trading, and don't mind waiting a year or two for serious compounding gains.Thoughts welcome.Thanks!
cool, thanks guys.
I'm also tempted but you'd have to use USDT which seems to be very risky
why would you have to use USDT?
couldn't i just buy 10 ETH with BTC at say, $302, sell it at $315, rinse, and repeat?
or is the cost different of BTC going to hose me?
whats risky about using tether?
Well USDT is a constant and BTC is not.
You could be losing or making more but since you want something stable that's not going to work.
I would wait until the whole BTC/BCH situation calms down.
BTC/ETH was always an extremely easy pair to trade.Overall you should not get to greedy with the $10-15 difference, and respond to trend inversions as fast as you can, it's better to lose less than lose big.
... so it's an advantage to use USDT because my base trading position (USDT) stays relatively the same?
Sorry, I am new.
(4322144) : is a $10-$15 swing greedy?
from the charts I am seeing more like $25 on average....
Believe it or not, there are exchanges where you can trade ETH for fiat directly.
There are no points of reference, all currencies are constantly changing.
It doesn't matter if you trade to crypto or fiat or tether.$15 seems a bit out of place for ETH, it's usually moving one dollar at a time.
Also you shouldn't invest everything at once, but max 25% of your total pool.
$300 is looking to be the ETH price for a long time due to the fact that tons of shitcoins have ETH they want to drop, and that's the price they do it at.
Buy when it's in the 290s, sell when it gets to about 310.
Honestly, I'd rather to BTC / ETH pairs if it would be around the same.Then I can always be ready to put some of the funds into other things if I see some movement I like.Also, I really have no idea what USDT is all about, and it's hard to research...how does one convert USDT to fiat?
Wouldn't I have to trade it back to BTC or ETH and sell it for FIAT somewhere anyway?Sorry for all the noob questions.ALSO : I heard about exchanges having weekly trade limits.Would Binance or Bittrex be a good exchange to do this on?
Thinking one trade per day, each day.Alright.
Time for bed.Cheers.
.. so it's an advantage to use USDT because my base trading position (USDT) stays relatively the same?
Sorry, I am new.USDT is a scam - avoid it at all costs.
The exchange has no legal obligation to exchange USDT for USD.
The (literal, unironic) bubble could pop at any second.Trade to actual fiat, not USDT.
If you are planning to do only trade per day i would suggest kraken.
ETH/EUR pair.
Is catching a low buy and selling a high of a day around $10-$15 difference / coin really realistic?No
thx bought 10k
go back to college instead