>tfw you know corecucks are about to be torn a new asshole in the following days>death spiral is imminent prepare to be wiped out cucks

MY BTC NOOOOOOOYou bitcoin cashers are so dumb and stupid.
Pretty sure you corecucks are dumber for blindly following core despite the math checking out.
But whatever, ill just chill with tea and watch a movie while waiting for you fags to get BTFO.
WHatever bitcoin core is mighty.
They are stronge and know what they're doingI got my bitcoin on the way back from bittrex rn
How new are you OP?
This isnt the first time BTC has had a flippening scare.
What makes u say this time is different?
did you think that death spiral thing thoroughly through ?
I don't think it can or will happen but IF then thats an opportunity to discover -and then fix that problem for all time.
Couldn't be too hard to implement some fail safe switch by the core team for such extreme scenarios like the death spiral (if it ever happens...)
if DS happens it will happen once & then it will be fixed.
/case closed
What makes u say this time is different?Because he's holding the 'flippening' coin so it's definitely happening
Can't wait to see the look on my normie coworkers face when BTC crashes.
"SELL ME YOUR BITCOINS I'M FUCKING FRANTIC!"
The Post.
If core copies BCH then that just proves that BCH is the standard tech kek which makes it the official Bitcoin.
What kind of core coin copies the very thing it tries to call inferior?
(((core)))
Op's first day in crypto currency>See new Bitcoin, gets roped in by the shilling because he's simple minded and falls for scams easily>Invest in baby's first crypto currency bitcoin cash>"God I'm so much smarter than those veterans"
by reading your statement i come to think that you have no idea how the tech is built...like 95% on /biz/ are just clueless idiote in their 20ies and the other 5% seldomly posts.
Lol ver and the fucking chinese mining mafia are coordinating an attack on btc.
Litecoin is superior to bch.
Fuck bch.
Neckbeards make me lol...
This is a blip... You douches were saying "Bitcoin will never reach 5k by EOY"...
Feeling pretty comfy right now
Corefags are about to get a lesson in getting BTFOed.
Block times are out to 15 minutes.
Fees are going to continue to go astro.
No one is going to want segwit.
Your shit is getting fucked up as we speak.
nice boomer mentality
even btc developers disagree with you
bahauhaiuahaiuhauahiuahaiuhaiuahiuahiuahaiuhaiuhahaahahah corecuck literally BTFO by core
Wow.
He shit all over Charlie, the Bitcoin loyalist.
Hilarious.
BCASH IS GOING TO WIN WITH WIDESPREAD ADOPTION!!!
IT'S THE MAIN ALTCOIN AND ITS POPULARITY WILL TAKE IT TO THE MOON!>Fuck your normieshit Bitcoin!
Mainstream things suckIgnorance is strength.
:^)

trying to find the insult in this post>it's that BCash holders are gullible AsiansI'm okay with this.
This is taking too longSelling and cutting losses, too many moon missions aroundCya losersFuck bcashies

Now it just seems like this hipster cartoonist is projecting their own insecurities.
Sad!