Verge is pretty low currently, should I pick up some ?What happened to the Wraith protocol anyway ?
Released last week, Slow rollout.
FOMO scheduled for sometime next week.
Shit coin.
Fake release date.
No substance to any claims.
FUD is real with this coin.
It is really shit.
Try to sell more than 2 BTC worth and see how the buy walls drop.
Garbage Part time hobby dev has 1/10 of his 3 year project doneJust a dogecoin with billions of Supplies Market team leader ran with a PnD group with a fake countdown website to wraith release.
People got dumped on.
Part time dev kinda knew but didn’t care.Shitty wallet with lots of user experiencing errors 16 year olds in telegram thinking they gunna get lambos with their millions of verges since they can’t afford zcash or monero.
Lots of bag holders Shit project with multiple delays.
>Market team leader ran with a PnD group with a fake countdown website to wraith release.
People got dumped on.
>Part time dev kinda knew but didn’t careThisEveryone in discord kept asking if the countdown time was correct, vergedev never answered, nor cared to take it down
They are on the right way.
Once everything is releases this could be monero big.
But no guarantees sadly.
They have to conquer the asian markets then it will 10x at least.
I think the marketing in japan started already.
this could be monero big.The delusion of verge bagholders never stops to amuse me.
If everything works out.
And in 6 months or something.
It is possible.
Good tech.
Good community even after all the bs.
Etc
 good tech.Yep.
The delusion of the verge bagholder is truly the greatest I have ever seen.
Yup.
Behaviour of the Devs and Marketing is way too dodgy for me to buy this again.
Kek, have fun with your monero ip leaks.
Top privacy bro
Dunno what’s with all the haters, XVG community is active and friendly.
Fuck Monero man, slightly more anonymous POS
This coin will fuck you in the ass the second you are not looking.
Avoid
 network privacy == blockchain privacy.Yep.
the retardation of a verge holder is greater than any holder ever.
Shitcoin don't even bother.
Vergefags still clinging onto a misleading bullshit article.
Sad.Also, if you are concerned about privacy and still using your real IP, you're a fucking idiot.Verge = Dogecoin with Tor.
Delusional community.
Almost as bad as Zcash's community, except Zcash one hundred percent lies about shit.Another shitcoin.
What I do not understand is that there are bagholders of XVG not willing to just dump.
It is obvious after several months of lies from the "devs" that this was all just one big elaborate "pump and dump".
You should get out of crypto if you are still holding Verge.