Spoonfeed me about ICOs.
What is the pre-ICO period?
How do I get my tokens?
Are the tokens coins?
Can I trade them on exchanges?
I want to make 20x gains too.
spoonfeed me>I want to make 20x gainsSorry but that's really not how it works.
If you're not taking the time to learn things for yourself, that means you're just blindly gambling, and much more likely to lose money (like all of the wojak posters here who buy memecoins with no forethought) than you are to see serious gains.Crypto is an incredible opportunity.
Doing the research to make intelligent trades may be the single best investment of time you can make.
First post gave incredible advice.Do your own research, sift the reputable from the unreputable.Example, I only put 15% of my capital towards ICO's.
Omanilla is having a "Pre-ICO", as not many have heard of them, and are giving an incentive of 20% bonus during only the Pre-ICO period.
They are distributing upon either the cap getting hit or end of the sale November 30th.
I find that "tokens" refer moreso to currencies developed on the ethereum blockchain, someone may correct me though.
I'm a student.
It's really hard to find time to do extensive research.
have you seen what happened to confido?
that's what you get when you're a lazy retarded piece of shit who doesn't do his own research and begs scammers to spoonfeed me.
and that's exactly what will happen to you .
see you in a couple of weeks when you'll be shitposting pink wojacks and lost all your money, you retarded brainlet
I'm a NEET at 18 years old and I'm able to pick out good ICOs in 10 mins just lookg at their team, website, whitepaper to see if they have a working product, and ICO details on the token distrubution and if they have stuff such as discounts.
Also when they get listed on excahnges.
One of the ICOs I'm look at right now is Genaro Network, its like the chinese version of StorJ, in fact they are collaborating together and have a working application ready for testing already.
thishe even rolled dubs so you know he's not kidding
The golden age of ICO flipping is mostly over.
Nowadays almost every ICO dumps below ICO price.
Usually not worth it unless you can invest $100k+ into hyped ICOs early on to receive a big bonus.
Technically true, but only pendants care
4474206Also drop a throwaway email and I'll I intend you to our research discord.
Only 5 people in now, want to get like 15 or 20, but don't want shills or pajeets in there