hi biz, i'm new here, i'm usually in the x board but I need your help.
i'm currently broke and by broke i mean i've been unemployed for 6 months now.
I'm currently 25 years old, I live in italy but my family is from romania, i'm here since I was 19, left my country and my mother there.
I've been living with my saving for 6 months now but i can't make it for much longer.
I only have got 5,2k, i spend 700 every month to survive and i can't ask for help to my mum, she lives by herself in the countryside (i got no dad and no friends).
I literally can't find another job, I luckily got hired when i first arrived in italy by a shipyard company, i have a mechanic diploma, i know my shit and i tried everything trust me, sent curricula everywhere.
I'm asking you guys a quick way to make money, i'm willing to invest 1k-2k, i'm not interested in mad gainz, just the strict necessary to survive until i find a job.
I already gave up on heating for this month and i try my best to save money.
I really don't want to fail and go back in romania, i promised my mum that i will make it and when everything settles i will bring her too.
Please if someone out there knows a method or something just to make a small profit i would be infinitely grateful, sorry for my english.
Buy bitcoin?
mars in pula mea de sarac
Buy 1k worth of kneepads
bitcoin?
On the off-chance that you are not a troll.
Let me be the white knight here in a very un-4chan like manner and actually give you good advice... stay away from cryptocurrencies or other "investments" promising a quick return on your money.
It sounds like you would be better off working hard and spending as little as you can, save your money and be frugal.
Crypto is basically gambling and you will lose that few money you have.
i'm usually in the x boardSkinwalkers have overtaken this board.
Don't take advice here
filthy gypsies go back
Imbecil i'm already trying my best to spend as little as possible, i'm out everyday trying to find a new job but i'm starting to lose hope.
Basically there is no way to invest safely?
Any investment has a risk of losing your money.
That is why the #1 rule of investing is: only invest money you can afford to lose.
If you are in your position with only 5.2k euro to your name, I'd say you cannot afford to lose any of that.
Basically, i'd say you cannot afford to invest.What you CAN afford (with great effort, i'm sure it isnt easy) is safe every penny you can.I'm sorry mate but if you have so little money, why risk it?
It would also mean a lot of stress in your mind, constantly worrying about those few 1000 you put into some investment and whether or not it will still be there when you wake up in the morning.
This is also an important aspect of investment - this mental energy is much better spent doing something else, in your case, going to evening school to learn something that you can use to get a better job in 1 or 2 years time or something.
eww gross 3rd world beggars on my /biz/ ??
KYS
thanks, i guess all those films about wall street moneys are just propaganda idk.
I already got an italian mechanic diploma studying at an evening school while working.
I will try to search for other courses but they cost money.
Well, I dont know about films about wall street, but for example in "The Wolf of Wall Street" the story is that this guy gets super rich... but not by investing, but by scamming rich people.
He basically stole their money using his charismatic salesmen skills.
Perhaps you are such a person, perhaps not (I do not know you) but if you want to get rich that way, I'd say that your charisma skills are most important and not investment knowledge (so asking here won't help you anything).The 'real' wall street brokers might get rich using their knowledge on investment, but they are working 20-hour-per-day jobs sitting at computers in some wall street office using supercomputers to do microtransactions and basically always be faster than any trade decision you, me, or anyone on this board could ever make.
So you can also forget about that.You are right about taking your education further.
The best investment is always in yourself.
This Anon is correct.
It sounds like you're a little emotional right now, and you can't afford to have emotional attachments to your investments.Pic kinda related.
Thank you.now i got a much clearer idea of what investment is.
Another plan b was to get a truck driving license while i still can but they cost mad moneyyou got me, i'm starting to feel the bottom, it's not easy
I don't really know what more to tell you, but I'm glad that you seem to understand my point.
In the end, for me, it won't matter.
Even if you ignore my advice and lose all your money.
But I happen to have some friends in university who come from situations like yours and I learned that they are people with difficult backgrounds and feelings of stress, so I just wish you the best.
Don't forget that things will get better, don't lose hope and keep fighting for a better future in a smart way.
This most likely includes to keep learning things (you don't necesarily have to pay school for this, you can find things on the internet too), socializing with people who can help you, and never spend more than you earn.
Good luck, anon!
Thank you again!
Good luck to you too!
Thank you!
god /biz/ has gone to hell
when a random stranger on a cambodian cow herding forum gives better advice than anyone you know in real lifefuck
You must go back.
It is your homeland Anon.
It is where you belong.