This entire exchange is a scam
kek, guess we know who fucked up that last order
it's a pain in the ass to use but it's the best way to get early into tokens that could actually break throughand it's a scam because they say "o we take this fees but we give it back, we swear!
how?
lol dunno."
Just buy from the very top.
And sell at the very buttom of the charts.
Its barriers to entry allows us to get in early.
Just learn to use it.
Jesus Christ biz.
i literally dont know how people have a hard time with the ED.
are you guys that fucking retarded?
I don't t know, but I fucking hate the interface, that's why I haven't moved nothing there.
I love it, the impatient dummies hate/can't figure out how to use it
I used it the first time the other day.
I thought it was easier than bittrex in some respects.
I used it with metamask and it found my wallet right away.
Beware of a phising site that has alsmost the exact same web address as the original ED address, the only differe is a small dot below the h that you can't even see if the link is underlined.
Unfortunately lost 1 ETH that way, not sure how I got the link in the first place.
Might've opened it through a thread from here talking where a shitcoin's graph got linked (including the .
below the h).Everything else was the same so you couldn't distinguish it.
Always open from your bookmark or type it in yourself or something.Just my 2 cents about this site.
The site itself is good.
Are you black?
This
Not using metamaskDid you parents drop you on your head?
Absolutely no proof to back up your claim anon.
It runs on fucking smart contracts.
Come back if you find a fault or vulnerability in their contract.
For real, it literally takes 5 minutes to figure out how to use it.
Ok, maybe 15 if you're a pajeet, but even then it's not that big of a deal.The interface is atrocious tough.
Ugly fucking interface and laggy as fuck but not at all hard to use granted you aren't a full retard.
It's run by yourself, how is it a scam?
OP stop fucking up my blockfolio charts.
Ye You faggots need to stop advising these normies to learn how to use itThe less they know the better it is for us to pick it it early and drop it on them where they use their user friendly exchange

Hate when this shit happens.
Some fat finger dumbfuck fucking up my Blockfolio for 2 hours