Alright guys its roughly 20 mins till the announcment is released, DOVU marines get in here!!!
!Does anyone have a telegram and would be willing to post in here what the announcement is?Also if you havent bought DOVU yet I strongly suggest you do :)
lol no.
nah im good
Fuck off with your FUD that you didnt even write yourself brainlet... Have you even looked into DOVU properly?
my guess is no... >no partnerships, kys faggot, seriously
I did write that though.
Can you debunk any of my points?No one thinks google/facebook apps are free, people have a pretty thorough understanding as to why they don't cost money, that they're mining your data and advertising to you.And they don't care.
So where does dovu fit in?
They're attempting to fix and profit off a situation that no one cares about.
you made that meme?
well meme'd!https://techcrunch.com/2017/08/29/jaguar-land-rover-is-backing-dovu-to-bring-the-blockchain-to-the-mobile-future/
4 minutes!!
Don't have any monies, can I have a couple coins0x7AC806f1A09b61AA319c9Da98BA291189ddd91F3
LOL.
What a piece of shit article, it can't get any more pajeet than that.The article tries to make you think Jaguar is going to partner with Dovu or something.
No.
Not in the slightest.A company umbrellaed under Jaguar invested some seed money into Dovu, that's it.
It's literally meaninglessBut guess what, you invested some too!
That must mean you and Jaguar are working together to incorporate Dovu into all Jaguar vehicles right???
OK yes they allow people to give detailed information about their journey, car used, petrol used, route taken, in exchange for money... Facebok and google dont care about this and dont have the means to get this information ....Now, who this information IS valuable to is car manufacturers all around the world....Another use of this blockchain is, it will allow manufacturers from all around the world to share their schematics together on a decenratlized blockchain, this will be extremely useful as manufacturers can learn from each other and ultimately work towards making efficient and sustainable cars in the future, also it will allow vehicles all around the world to become standardised in the way they are cretaed...We are talking about creating a platform for the exchange of information for companies worth billions of dollars...DO YOuR OWN FUCKING RESEARCH NEXT TIME CUNT
TL;DR
Would someone post the announcment plz?
zzzzzzzzz
Good thing jaguar landrover didn't invest or you'd look really dumb.
Who doesn't wanna pay tolls and buy gas with just their car.
That's DOVU's real use case.
They are going on HITBTC, back by InMotion Ventures( Jaguar Landrover)
Uh, do you have fucking brain damage?Why in the FUCK would car companies want to share information with each other on a "muh decentralized" block chain?
Ever hear of industry secrets?
ever hear of COMPETITION?You think car companies need some piece of shit vaporware like dovu to figure out what routes people take?
Are you retarded?
You're just a poorfag that has no money to invest, so you spend your time here writing essays.
Nothing personnel, kid.
lines is an essay to you?
Explains why you think investing in Dovu is a good idea lmao also kys retardo
You didnt research it before you started blabbing your mouth>waiting for someone else to make your mind for youJust fuck off, faggotIn the future we will NEED the whole world working together, I know its hard for your small brain to comprehend what it could be like in the future...GO spread your toxic shit somewhere else please
Get fucked all of you haters, this is huge:Pilot development with Tier1 OEM will start in Q1 2018.
We are launching today on @hitbtc!
Backed by InMotion Ventures (Jaguar Land Rover), DOVU is a ubiquitous cryptocurrency for enabling and rewarding all modes of transport, connecting the world.
Aw, is little baby throwing a tantrum because I'm ruining his pajeet shill thread with simple analysis and common sense??
D'awwwww so cuteIf you really think car companies are going to stop competing and start working together to figure out routes people take, which GPS, or any smart phone app does already, using shitcoin DOVU of all things, then I can't help you.
Low IQ.
Sad!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHthe "news" was getting listed HITBTC?
?SELL SELL SELL!
You dont understand this crypto thing very well do you?NIce high road, douche, put yourself on a pedestal more, please
Yes, since it is only trading on ED with 100 K volume, HITBTC is pretty huge, idiot
Someone doesn't know what a tier 1 OEM means, or who is InMotion Ventures lol, the only thing you can see in this HitBTC, that's how you see investments...