>Deluded core cucks think it's recovering
What are the percentages on the left?
Difficulty Adjustments change tomorrow haha miners gunna flow back to btc
Hashpower distribution BTC vs BCHhttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
It will once miners move back over to btc.
This situation was clear cut its pretty much exactly what happened before.Try spend a bit of time learning about crypto markets before you make threads next time kthnxEnjoy those chink pnd cartel bags
Just in time to mine the 150k TXs running for the exits.
Prepare for the 2nd wave of Segcoin dumpening
Deluded.
the 150k TXs running for the exitsThe owners of the transactions are literally counting their blessings right now that they didnt fomo into the bch pump and dump
Pretty much this.
miners wont move back to btc you fucking luddites lmao you really dont understand this technology do you?
BCH difficulty will shoot up 400% in about 13 hours.
At current prices, Bitcoin will be twice as profitable to mine.
enter bitcoin hardforkdo you guys even read the news lmao
enter bitcoin hardfork>do you guys even read the newsNo.
What is this hardfork you speak of?
https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-cash-hard-fork-plans-updated-new-difficulty-adjustment-algorithm-chosen/
this
lol no wonder your in BCH fucking sheep
bch is fixing its difficulty adjustment code tomorrow, it's over man better put your btc somewhere else just in case
Pic related is not going to be possible anymore.
Say bye bye to miners.
kek you aint seen nothing yet, bch will get 90% hash and your shitcoin core transactions will take +10 daysmass panic
like eth
what is difficulty adjustmentfunny that you wouldn't understand the concept, after bch wildly swung between 250 and 1250 from block times within minutes to blocktimes within hours
what is hard forkyou really are literally retarded, arne't you
how can you justify holding btc when there is a bch price threshold where all hashpower will leave btc for bch and you will not be able to cash out?even if you think bch is a scam it's madness not cashing out your btc while you can
i hold no bitcoin.
No bch either.
Thought about buying in at 550 and 900 but pussied out.
Welp.just more stuff to throw hashpower at.
Miners hold a lot of power despite the core teams claims and community cohesion.
Difficulty adjustments serve as a dampening factor in this system, but the BCH guys have proven to be very hamfisted with their first few adjustments after launch.
I don't have great hopes for them to actually try and create a stable currency.They're more interested in destabilization of the entire crypto realm than competing on merits.