I want to make the bagholders permanently stuck with their CFD bags while it plummets to $0.
How the fuck do i do this?
Not possible you fucking retard
maybe spend your time on something worthwhile?
Not this vindictive beta cuckness.
why would you care?
don't you have better things to do with your time?wth
4465318And let this scam keep on going?
Why the fuck cant Etherdelta delist something proven to be a scam?
you actually have no fucking clue how smart contracts and ethereum work
why would you care?
don't you have better things to do with your time?wth
Because i enjoy this shit wtf?
I normally do other sadistic things when I'm done coding my websites
4465323I can taste the salt in your voices.
Men who got beaten like dogs and now beg their masters for mercy.
The crypto game is not for you, and you are not my friends.
Thank you for taking the punches, now go talk to your friends and colleagues about how it's all a scam and a bubble while we profit and laugh.
Don't know why I'm being so harsh sorry newfriend, keep it up and maybe you can break even one day!
Wait, so no one even manages the fucking Etherdelta listings?
You mean i can create my own scam and list it in Etherdelta??????
?THIS IS CRUCIAL ANON.
The absolute fucking state of /biz/.
fucking subhuman
I also want to increase the suffering of the "comfydos".
How does it feel to lose, comfydos?
How does it feel to LOSE
Any Ethereum-based token can be imported as a custom token and start trading on EtherDelta, without permission.DAMN NIGGA.
I am going to be so fucking rich.
even if it's not listed, people can interact with itdrown in your cfd bags and never come back here
4465372you guys are just pathetic.
sad to see that people like you even exist.
and before you reply, no you are not cool or edgy or a fucking smartie pants, you guys are just sad human beings who should get their lives sorted out.
drown in your cfd bags and never come back hereAre you retarded?
You think i would literally try to delist something i hold?
I never held CFD KEK!!!
I can smell the salt from you.
devs will do it, dont worry.
Doesn't mean that your coin will be in the drop down menu, thats the most important thing
4465479we fucking warned you, numerous times, and you still decided to buy this absolute shitcoin.
what did you really expect?
?> no mvp> unknown team> fake linkedin> daily shill campaigns on biz
To appear on the list of official tokens, the token owner/creator should PM me with the following information:>a.
Token address (code should be verified on Etherscan)>b.
Official Web site (the token address should appear on the official Web site for verification)>c.
Paragraph description of the token.Should be easy enough to do.
After all, even Confido was able to do it.
Oh my fucking god, all those years in CS will finally pay off.
Guess who studied Solidity in the past three months faggets.
Don't cut yourself on the edge.
Why are you including me in this?
I hate Confido and have never held it.
I was never a bagholder.
Oh my god it's the kylo ren poster, also known as the biggest faggot on /biz/He was crying about how his parents wouldnt give him money to spend on crypto hahahahahdagsgagha
cuz i want you, my favorite biztard, to make it
i didn't buy cfd.
go figure.
4465578>Oh my god it's the kylo ren poster, also known as the biggest faggot on /biz/>He was crying about how his parents wouldnt give him money to spend on crypto hahahahahdagsgaghaWhat?
i never asked money from my parents and what does kylo ren have to do with Confido?
Will you buy my ICO anon?
I'm going to list it in Etherdelta soon.
no you're a loser.
Shouldnt you be mad at the Confido team and not us?
Its not like most of us profited from this mess since we didnt even touch Confido.
i already told you, i didn't buy any cfd, ever.
i am just disgusted by your sad personality, that's all.
ETERNAL bagholder>you choose this faith pajeet, now hold the bags
This is the wild west bud.
Why is it ok to make fun of the OMG bagholders etc but not the Confido bag holders?
You a CS pajeet too?
Yo guess who else studied Solidity these past 4 weeks niiiiiggggaaa>tfw we can literally create some bs product, site and roadmap and make at least half a millionAnd I have experience building websites too?
Damn I can already smell the green denim
Well I'm from Singapore but it shouldn't be too hard to create fake western identities for the ICO.
Just find some fake/creative commons licensed photos of models, make fake LinkedIn profiles (you don't even need to link them to the ICO page, pajeets don't even check) and a slick, new-era style UI for your site and you're set.
You can come up with any stupid reason for including tokens in your site>a 4 + 4 chan clone that is hosted on ipfs and is completely decentralized meaning "total free speech", users have to pay your tokens to create and maintain their own imageboards, post large filesizes, any other stupid gimmick you can come up with>a fantasy e-sports league where any user can start their own fantasy league, for a price of course, or put money into leagues>a Twitter clone where users can earn tokens everytime their post is reposted, if you pay off the right e-celebs you'lll gain instant traction>a "decentralized" ipfs-based Youtube clone (like dtube) where users can host videos on their own PC and streamed over ipfsYou don't even have to build any of this shit, just say you will and pajeets will line the fuck up because it sounds nice
almost 2018>learns how ED works less than an hour ago>thinks he can run a Confido-sized scam by himself with presumably nothing to show for as a CVDon't forget to post the results later anon.
Also good luck in your senior year.
Don't add this attempt for scam as an extracurricular in your college applications.
The fact that you have no idea about anything means you already failed.