Seeing how the Korean Whale Discord sold out after $2100 and its already lost 10 Billion in its market cap, can you honestly believe that this wasn't a PnD and that the flippening is still happening?
>that imageFuckin saved
youll see tomorrow
sometimes i wish vitalik did actually die in a car crash
That image is retarded
its hilarious
Dude, Koreans already pulled out at midnight last night at 0.4, that 20 billion that flew out of the coin isn't going to come back at a higher price, especially when BCH has no devs, roadmaps, and 90% of altcoin and exchanges are dependant on BTC.It was a fun 3x investment, but if you didn't at least get out by 0.35 you are bag holding now
Nice heavy bags of junk you have
TFW bought at .08 and still have a ton of potential profitsThink I'll stay in a bit longer and see what happens.
I probably would have sold at .4 but I wen't to bed right before that last pump happened.
:/
p&d kikegroups move out of the wayGood, price is stable and rising, healthy growth
Idk it went from 1800 to 1400 since I woke up.I'm getting worried.
so a p&d moves out over 15 Billion dollars from the coin after it hit its ATH, and you don't see that as a cause for alarm?Other than slowly accumulating, that massive amount of money isn't coming back to get you back anywhere close to $2500 any time soon.Gotta learn to look at market caps on this kind of shit mang.
171440 unconfirmed transactionsAnd climbing
youre retarded and making up numbersbch literally has twice the market cap as it did two days ago, and thats without degenerate p&d groupswe are having large healthy natural growth
I'll definitely diversify into bch, but that's when it's back at 0,1.
We've got ways to go until May
Sleeping during a pumpIt's like you want to be poor anon.
dude, literally just look at coincap, its not hard.
I am not trying to meme you or FUD you, i'm just showing you the facts.
4321319BTFO
I warned you Dumb Motherfuckers.
Pic related.
But I admit, I jumped on and rode the BCH bitch like a french whore last night.
Cashed out up 60K in three hours.
I you Faggots won't liste n to The Old Man, I don't feel bad taking you money.
Enjoy the bags, and the Agony of Defeat for all the shit you flung at me when I was trying to warn you.
I think what he's getting at is that it was at 12mil from what i recall earlier in the day.
so it still went from atleast there to the 25mil its at now, with the pump and dump having dumped.
You cut of the picture nice and early.
BCH reached 2500 this time.
Las time it got stuck at 800
yeah so now it has nowhere to go up.
To get to afforementioned heights we have seen, the money from the prior p&d or an equivalent amount would have to come back.
20 billion dollars just doesn't come nilly willy to a coin with little promise and that from day one was 50% bought up by the koreas for a lower price
Are we all forgetting the reason it plummeted was from bithumb getting ddosed to shit for like 3 hours when BCH was at ath.
Tfw bought in for free after the initial fork in the summer.
Kept it in my bittrex account and my phone got bricked so I lost the 2fa
pretty sure that pastebin was posted by Jihan himself>be Jihan>openly explain your plans in document months ago>nobody pays attention to you at the time>execute plan>leak document everywhere>people see it was posted months ago and start to panic even harder
no devs>no roadmapKek, read the bitcoin whitepaper, pleb.
kek 180K now and still growing
third world language
Europe is third worldWhatever you say burgerBut what else would you expect from a burger that can't even name the countries on a map.
Doubles market cap in 2 days>Large healthy natural growthPick one
Why would btc ever flip.
Limited supply store of value vs.
I infinite Chinese plastic coin factory coins.
Leef actualiseren lijst.....Google translate doet ook maar weer wat....
love the money skelly reference.took me the second time to get it.i'm not really quick.
Na it's going down.
http://captiongenerator.com/771282/Risitas-reacts-to-the-flippening
Ik heb geen flauw benul wat je hiet wilt zeggen maar het trekt op niks.
Go fuck yourself burger
ignore these coretards
wegwezen gauw, joekel
explain pls
yes.also: stay poor
What does that say?
I can't read Arabic.
its okay, the koreans are starting to wake up now and itll get right back to pumpin baby
Bithumb got ddosed so the big whales could dump without having to fight anyone You fucks are so clueless