Another big chinese exchange just added ETP.
Take a look at their coin list, respected coins only.It's not if I will be rich, the question is simply when.
It's only a matter of time.
just go to their telegram.
literal pajeets modding it, banning anyone asking questions.this project is a joke, stop coping and just sell.
thinking a shit telegram is representative of the projectI'll gladly buy your coins if you still have any
Implying I didn't dump on you @100k sats.enjoy the bags loser
out of all the shit coins shilled on biz, this is the only one i like the ceo is an alpha male, he said ethereum is for kids LOL
I sold at 98KReinvested at 52K with double the stack.Focus less on the telegram and more on the players at hand.Eric GuChandler GuoTim DraperLook at the partnerships.
Do some research and you'll figure out why a 3$ coin will be worth 30$+ by mid 2018 or earlier.
lol right, on top of that he's the only CEO doing CEO things, getting partnerships, getting businesses, funding etc.
The other jabronis 'CEOs' are obnoxious idyllic devs, or complete scammers.
they just keep progressing, while babies whinge about telegram lolthe literal state of biz, stuck in a world of getting feelings hurt instead of looking at project actually doing somethingEric is a real ceo
Eric is a bossHis vision is not crazy and very realistic other CEO's can learn from himOh and the biggest BTC Whale supports him and push ETP on this twitterTell me biz how stupid are you, not investing in this?
4261542Agreed.
Eric gets shit done.Eric Gu baby, I love him
Where/How to buy this coin?
bitfinex cex.comhitbtc.comexx.com <- soon
Bitfinex says I can't pay with credit cards.
What's going on?First time trying to buy a cryptocurrency btw.
Adding bitsun.net to that listCould be that it's not letting you in if you're american.
bitsun.lol eric the boss gets shit down someone make a meme of this guy ill give you 2 etp
I live in the US but am not a permanent resident.
How else can I pay for it then?
You might be right, but still something should be done about those pajeets.