So /biz/, I'm one of the fools who went all in near the top of the pump because I fell victim to the flippening fud.
I'm down 11 BTC and feel humiliated and cheated....What should I do now?
Sell BCH or hold?
the for hasnt even happened yet, relax
its another larp as a loser thinly-veiled BCH FUD episode
LOL dude just hodlyou'll get your money back in  year easyjust keep hodling my bro it will be alright
Sell,for sure.
I took my lumps and went back to BTC.
Guess what?
It’s back to $6600 now and I made my money back.
Yeah just hold.
You will get your money back in a year.
By that time btc is +25k Haha.
Just take the loss buy btc and wait 2 months.
You will probably have most of your money back by then.
Even if you want to hold, you should still sell it and buy back in later when it's worth near $300 again.That's where the bottom support actually is (and not the fake buy walls)
Sell the dips.
Stay and lose more
consider it a long time bank deposit
Honesty I know most people will laugh at you but I actually feel sorry for you anon.This cancerous pump and dump has probably created so many bag holders and fuck you if you support this shit
HODLIt goes down with very small volume and then back up with large volume, almost like sone party wanted to keep the price down..
i was in the same boat but on a smaller scale, bought at 0.41 like a tard, sold at 2100k, i cant see this going back up, the volume has halved within 12 hours.
stop trading it's not for you.
Im in an Insider whale group, bitcoin cash will be pumped to 100bil you heard it here first.
Also BCH network update is live in 3h 5min and all the big miners will move back to bch.
Literally the worst time to sell.. at the eve of the flippening
Bcash is a speculative marketplace.
Look at it like a volatile emerging economy.
It may be Nigeria; it may be Zimbabwe.Look at BTC as a bank vault with a Da Vinci painting.
Not gold.
Gold can be manipulated with futures / ETFs.
The Da Vinci is guaranteed to appreciate in value.
You only sell it if you are about to lose everything.
And you want to acquire more.Be mentally disciplined, and never confuse the two.
Anyone who fell for this deserves it.Roger ver is a known real and actual criminal.Jihan Wu is known for cheating and using covert ASIC BOOST while denying any wrong doing.And basically this being like the 5th time he attacks BTC.Do your homework people, and remember, everything you read on /biz/ is written by someone with an agenda
I went all in btc @7700 I lost 26k so far, maybe I should put the rest of my btc into bch before the flipping happens
lmao corecucks win again!!!!
Patricians only trade when nothing is happening and rely on sophisticated psychic braintapping to foresse outcomes.
Trading volatile markets is forex plebeian tier.
Go play with your ringgits.
The fork didn´t happen yet.
And miners will wait until btc fees will become lower.
They will not switch while they can get 20$+ transaction fees from btc
Look at the amount of stupid FUD against BCH.>no real arguments, just personal attacks and name calling>realize you are going to be absolutely fine with holding BCH
when you realize miners don't profit off transaction fees, but blockstream does pushing you off chain onto a side chain ROFL cya when fees are $100+
so you want to lose even more?
now that BTC is going up because it defeated the criminal Roger Ver and his manipulations?
now that confidence in BTC is restored?transaction fees are included in the profitability calculation in fork.lolIt will only be profitable to mine BCH for one block, then again not profitable, so BCH will have super long blocks, then discover 1,2 super quick, then again super long ones.This is what happens with most shitcoins without volume
when you realize miners don't profit off transaction fees,how can people be so wrong and still be intelligent enough to type and use the internet?
Exactly, the wild swings either way where the whole board is either shilling or fuding is so obvious.
All I do is the exact opposite for sweet gains.
thisobvious concern trolling, this is a HODL position
When the BCH fork is supposed to happen?
Hahahahahhahahahah Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahha hahahajhaha
If you like BCH so much sell it now, then it’s gonna keep plumetting for a while, buy it back for less money.
Increase your overall amount owned.
FWIW this currency is dog shit though.
they don't retard.
They profit off block reward... Why do you think High fees on Bitcoin was unheard of till recently when the server became congested all part of blockstreams plan to push you off chain making money off users paying premiums and having to leave set balance off chain at all times.
cya when fees are $100+ faggot.
got any facts or are you going to keep saying random shit with no proof or evidence
Buy high, sell low.
Classic /biz/

dogshitWhy exactly?
no panic, wait 1 week ;) u do it like roger ver
Probably KYS
Bitcoin Cash is almost identical to Bitcoin.
Or are you saying that the Bitcoin Cash developers are so proficient, they have managed to completely transform Bitcoin within these 3 months?
It doesn't have segshit
All BCH has is a stolen name and rich backers.
Invest in it all you like but don't be surprised when it crashes and the Wu and crew disappear with your money.
Roger will probably buy bch up to to 0.5btc mark in one swing when fork happens
what?
Sounds legit
He is the absolute mad man, you think he won't just write 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.35, 0.4 , 0.45 disappear for a short while and than buy at 0.5
Just go back in time and keep your BTC.
Sorry that doesn't help does it.
If you want your money back, get in on btc while you can.Goddamn.
How could people have been so stupid to believe the flippening?
All this shit did was help me build my portfolio.
Anytime one side is calling the other an "xcuck" of some sort, you know they're on the losing side.
There's literally nothing but evidence it will fuck over a large volume of people again.
Do you really think it's going to hit 2k again after everyone witnessed this correction?
The name calling is accurate character profiles of Vers and Jihan, so it's hard to feel sorry for people who want to get rich attacking the wealth of others with a sleazy namesnatch.At Best I think your bch could go up to 1600 for a short while.
Any sucker anons out there who got duped by bch, I implore you to find your out at a good price.