Once and for all.
It's hard to find real information.
Personally I believe XMR is what BTC was meant to be.
I think it was just IPs, which are easily hideable.
Clearly shilling for wraith
Not long ago the KMD people said ZEC was better than XMR because XMR had this or that.
Also fudding for personal gain?The privacy coin race hurts my brain.
XMR isn't compromised.
When sending your anonymous transactions a node could identify your IP.
If enough nodes are compromised, it'd be suggestive of who you were IF your IP was exposed.
That's easily corrected through TOR or a proxy.
it's only compromised by the weakest link - stupidity of a userthe tech is solid and kovri is coming
As others have stated it was mostly BS FUD.
If you are using an anonymous coin and care about your anonymity you would use a VPN/proxy or Tor anyways when making a transaction.
what kind of hillbilly isn't hiding their IP?
what kind of node wouldn't need to know your IP?
only pajeet would use this reasoning to sully monero's fluffy name.
Fuck that, get in on litecoin while u still can.
I bought in at 12, very happy.
It's not, there's just a truckload of FUD from multiple competing scamcoins basically since Monero's inception.
XMR has a node that runs on I2pI2p > TOR, Clear FUD
FUD(they) don't want you to buy monero
>i believe in this coin>please tell me if it is shit though???????????
I believe it is what BTC should be, but with misinformation going around, I don't know if it is.
Go back to school and learn how to read.
Nice clean chart.
What program?
Even Ed Snowden said ZEC > XMR, my head also hurts.
ZEC has optional private transactions, but they are rarely used so it's open to timing attacks.
It's also backed by a private company that openly talks about removing the privacy to be more appealing to investors.
Ed was wrong, SEC is proprietary/company owned, doesn't work for privacy coin.
Monero is public domain, only upcoming competitor is ZenCoin.
(fork from SEC)
ladswhich coin do i actually use to buy drugs, guns, and cp in the future?
xmr is compromised, verge is a memewhat else is there?
This one hurt me a lot.
Why would Snowden do this…
it's a honeypot
4251456XMR seems to have that one issue, if you like to call it that.
Basically nodes can show ips interacting with network or nodes.
This is negligible since web wallets act as buffer between you and the broader network.
Plus, the IP only tells a prying eye that one IP interacted with the monero ecosystem, not whether or not you sent a transaction or even if you have an active wallet.
Most blockchains have this "leak", even bitcoin.
With that said monero is implementing ip obfuscation through tor/i2p in the upcoming months, putting to rest this none issue.
When it comes to privacy tech monero seems second to none.
It is by far the most solid privacy coin out there.With that said, as someone that has used monero in my line of work, the transaction time is a bit off putting.
(30 minutes to confirm).
Compared to etherium or even litecoin.
I find it a bit too slow.
Having said that traditional bank transactions are way worse and somehow the system works just fine for most of the world.
hasn't heard of obsidian>not realizing obsidian will replace monero in 2 years
PAJEEPLE!
THE IP CAN LEAK IS A FUDDDD!!!!!
Monero works fine over i2p, each node is a tunnel in i2p, so ip addresses are irrelevant XMR will 10x in a year atleast https://forum.getmonero.org/1/news-announcements-and-editorials/208/why-we-chose-i2p-over-tor
I'm sure the team is competent enough to improve speed later on.
I mean it has backing by the entire darknet.
Side chain scaling is on the roadmap for late 2018/early 2019, with segregated witness likely being added next scheduled fork.
pretty much anyone using TOR on windows has their IP exposed since monero data isnt routed through TOR
lmfaoyou dont understand how bitcoin at all you stupid pussy
Because Snowden is compromised, and his Russian hosts called in a favor
 What the fuck would that specky cunt know?
Running off with a usb stick somehow makes him an expert crypto speculator