Ok /biz/ I have been wondering about this matter for some time.
This is just a general question about observation on life that I've had in my lifetime...Like many people - I am not special.
My life has not been the best, I am definitely not the richest and I don't have everything just like many of us....
But how come that most people are so reluctant to change and learn new things?
Through all my life, if one thing is true, Darwin's statement that the one that adopts to change will survive (aka thrive in the long run) So why is it that most people are just naysayers and reluctant to change or even have some sort of positive outlook on life?
Is it really so hard to figure out that maybe wagecucking forever is not the best deal in our lifetime?
Our that buying a house is a meme?
Or that crypto is the new best thing?
It just feels like we are SMART and others are lagging behind.. .and when we try to show them our ways, we just get KEK'd....
ITT: low iq gambling addict thinks hes going to outsmart the world
>deluded kid strategy
unfortunately, realistic people are poorlet me guess, get a wife, get a kid, get a 401k, retire at 65 gives you a boner, right?
Im realistic, in my mid 20s and have a net worth of ~200k.
None of which is in memecoins
Its never been as easy as today to get rich.the only thing you need is a few thousends as starting capital and then you go and hunt moon mission.
that's what i mean man, we are the people who are involved in the cryptospace can see the potential, yet, when we tell nocoiners about it, they just look at us like we're asking them to join the Avon MLM pyrmaid ... maybe im just surrounded by too many conservative pajeets???
I've tried to shill my o-workers but they all say signing up for Coinbase is too confusing.
I don't even know what to say to that.
kek xDand there are people out there who believe we are not early adopters L O L btw, my father says it's complicated to move money in crypto... yet he can see no issues investing in a house... literally a few clicks and a few days waiting (fiat to btc and vice versa) vs weeks of watiing, salesman, lawyers, commision, etc etc...
 yet, when we tell nocoiners about it, they just look at us like we're asking them to join the Avon MLM pyrmaid ... Best to avoid that kind of talk, or anything self improvement related to normies in general.
all theory, no actionWhat I mean is that this world is all about competence, not about enlightenment and motivational quotes.
If you're so smart, then why you're not rich?
Tried telling people on my campus about crypto but they don't fucking get it.
One guy listened and now he's on his way.
You really see how so many people work bullshit jobs their whole lives without ever changing, they think it's normal.
How long you been on 4chan bucko?
I’ve been here 10 years or so, various boards.
What I’ve learned is 4chan is always a step or two or 3 ahead of the real world, or the matrix to use your analogy.
And by 1,2,3 steps, I mean years.
Stay around a specific board and you can become an expert in that field in no time.
As for crypto I’m skeptical myself even though I’ve 6x’d my initial investment in May.
I don’t talk to people about it, most I know have no savings and live paycheck to paycheck.
Not exaggerating, it’s sad.
You’re right, most people don’t change and never will.
It’s a lack of self introspection, that’s my theory anyway.
Keep chugging along and making money.
And always be a step ahead of society.
Also, how old are you?
You seem fresh out of high school or mid college.
Yes anon, we are breaking free.
Yea it really is the truth that we‘re STILL the early players in the game.Kinda crazy to think about that even tho Bitcoin is soon 10 years old.Funny that normalfags also can‘t really wrap their heads around Blockchain technology or what it could be used for and all the business opportunities that are currently opening up.They only see it when it is too late.
Yepp.We are going to be free men, anons.
you're right i remember when memes first appeared on 4chan.
the timeframe it took for them to go viral was 4 years
yeah, agreed i give up on it -just sad to see family members not taking it into consideration, ya know?rome didn't get built in a day, right?
all the millionaries writing books took time... i'm just taking mineive not been a 4chan veteran for long, however, i connect the dots and read about 4chan and i know that there are some veterans here who know their shit.
it just a better crowd, rather than hanging out on facebook (lifeinvader) in normiland - also im 22 - went to college studied business and accounting, wasnt for me, was drugdealer, had my own business etc, i had all taste of life, good and bad.
maybe i just love change and i believe its important to find the path that's not been walked on by so many 4275984yes yeam, let's go!
we all know it deep down.
we are free, and i'm glad to be here.
also, on 4chan, there is a lot of information.
and most of it is BS.
but so is the real world?
on 4chan at least you can flick through massive amounts of information in short time and you can validate points by reseraching - much easier than tradditional ways
also, i would like your opinion - i only follow biz.
any other good sources?
for crypto i also use cryptopanic.com - it seems really good with quick notificaitons, check it out