
F

Is this fucking real?
>hacked
Holy shit.IT BEGINS
what's wrong finexed?
Creating photoshopped fud now, this just shows how desperate you are.
Wow how convenient.
EXIT SCAM
Oh shit ABORT ABORT ABORT

fake news
IT'S REAL https://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/
https://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/holy fucking delusion it even crashed the site.
HackedSure they were.
Prepare for Gox in a few days or weeks.
I wonder who is in the process of investigating them.
https://github.com/tetherto/omnicore/pull/1INtrasting
4477730Fuck me this will cause the dump.
this be a pink wojackening
>I was in the thread which sparked the end of Bitcoin's bull run
Address 5.0001638 BTC16tg2RJuEPtZooy18Wxn2me2RhUdC94N7rno
I like how they haven't actually figured out how the attacker did it, only patching the account that abused the hack.Who else knows of the vulnerability?
How much did they get out?
Prepare for Gox in a few days or weeks.Nothing will ever hit as hard as Gox.
Losing 10% of all BTC in circulation in an instant will never be beat
SELL YOUR BITCOIN NOW
OH SHIT ITS COMING DOWN
You don't get it do you?
They are being investigated and the cover they are using is a hacker has been fraudulently creating tether.
I don't even know what their plan is at this point.
They seem fucked.Capcha:1453 Emergency
Saving this thread to read to my grandchildren
https://tether.to/announcement/ chill out nooberinos
BTC Is dropping, you guys might want to sell
AND I'M FREEEEEEEEE
How many billions did they make off this exist scam?
I'm actually impressed.
I don't get what the big deal is here.
Nothing has actually happened that can affect the marketGoddamn crypto really is stupid money
Jesus Christ, the day has comethe bubble will pop so hard, it's going to be catastrophicit's the appocalypse
what are you using to search a tether wallet?
https://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/this is on their site and I can't find out how to lookup an address
we get a nice dip to buy
TFW the market is crashing slowly because people can't safely sell to tether and are trying to get to true USD exchanges.It's the beginning of the end lads.
omniexplorer.info brah
SAY IT WITH MEIFUCKINGTOLDYOU
So THIS is why confido exited yesterday.
Now it makes sense
that anon called it, I believed
4477886it has 31 000 000 tether in it
I'm starting to think that they're also partly responsible for these kinds of threads from time to time.
The FUD threads I mean.Everytime bitcoin is about to come back down from a new high, something comes up with Tether.
It makes you wonder exactly just how much impact this organization has on the current price of BTC.I'd imagine that they're going to keep riding this wave to the very end, that is until the U.S. government gets involved and cracks down on them.
I don't expect the current administration to do much.
4477925What
short USDT on kraken??
I don't expect trump to rape a chink ponziWew
Mt.
Gox all over again
30 mln we doomed
there was tinfoil thread yesterday that basically said it was weird that they had problems with a lwayer on a SUNDAYand that they exit scammed to soon, probably had insiders information
Should I sell btc is it over???
Buy the dip, faggots, $30M is play money for them
shit dude.
some dude in here can say that america is going down tommorrow and everyone will enter a war and shit...........and it can happen 1000 times.
and we still continue on.
HOLY FUCK.FUCK THIS SHIT.
I'm GOING TO CASH OUT
maybe there on our side.
maybe the see alittle bit of themselves as we are losers, lonely, wanting to be normal.
maybe they want us to have an upper edge.
LOL I BOUGHT THE DIP $5900 DURING THE FAKE FLIPPENING AND IT WAS THE BEST MOVE I MADE ALL WEEKMY COINBASE TRANSACTION WONT EVEN BE FINISHED UNTIL WEDNESDAYHAHHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAI HAVE ALL MY MONEY ON EXCHANGES HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH
European on night shift at work, sold everything at a decent gain to Eur right now, feels so fucking comfy
30 mil who cares.
overeacting.
sauce on being investigated?
>btc users trying to get out
why is people cashing out though?we all knew this would happen some daywhat are they cashing out to?
fucking tether?
SELLLL SELLL SELLLLL TURN THOSE MACHINES BACK OOOOOO NNNNN
I cashed out to ether
No, I don't.
He seems to be unaware of practically half of the world around him anyways.
I do believe somebody among his cabinet has said recently that they are watching bitcoin, not even crypto and/or blockchain technology in general, "very closely."
I'm calling bullshit to be honest.
Maye the IRS or SEC are working in conjunction with the FBI or CIA/NSA on this, but we wouldn't know until tje very last minute, which worries me endlessly because we'll never see it coming until it comes.
Until one of the bureaucracies decides to act, it's looking extremely risky to buy into BTC.
Plus, the coin is just starting to become outdated in general, the coin is going to lose it's relevancy unless it is upgraded accordingly to meet the demands of the international public at large who wish to use it for its sole intended purpose.My guess?
BTC is going to die a horrible death within the next few years, cause massive altcoin extinction, leaving only a handful of survivors.Screencap this.
EZ PZ.
holy fuck.
its realhttps://github.com/tetherto/omnicore/pull/1
Not using this opportunity to buy 100k
>mfw I'm all in on Bitshares>tfw BitUSD master race
me too, not the greatest move so far
Get recked tethercucks.
FUUUUKi feel like shorting 2x leverage Tether but the price is so stable
Confido exitsNeo team sucks at communicatingBCH market manipulationBitfinexTether hackIs this industry full of losers??
this tether scam need to be eliminated>Centralized with no control cryptoThis shit should never exist in the first place
a bitfinex user with 30mil in usdt got hacked>they remove the malicious transaction with a hardfork>its the DAO all over again
Don't forget the parity bug hack by a teenager... that the parity team already knew about but they fixed because ???
dip over buy back in boys
lol no dude.these are the guys selling shovels (that may or may not be defective) to people going out west for the gold rush.
they don't give a FUCK if you find shit.
FREEEEEEEEE FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
BCH has no market manipulation lol.
You're talking about 10 BN in volume due to "Market Manipulation" ???
?It was all organic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU
so, what should we do?
I'm holding tether right now.
Is this a problem?
the hacker will be attempting to buy other crypto assets to cash out.
the private ones like Monero will be his main target.
the hacker will be attempting to buy other crypto assets to cash outHe literally can't.
The wallet was flagged
evidence.
this is real:>http://omnichest.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=16tg2RJuEPtZooy18Wxn2me2RhUdC94N7r>https://github.com/tetherto/omnicore/releases/tag/0.2.99.s>https://github.com/tetherto/omnicore/pull/1>https://githhub.com/tetherto/omnicore/releases/tag/0.2.99.s
ahhhhhh my links
but the patch hasnt been implemented by all users yet.
for all we know he withdrew the intial three amounts to a third party exchange and is cashing out as much crypto as he can.
a hard fork just to block one address.
wew.
also how convenient the "hack" timing
Fuck why is their website down?
This looks REALLY bad.
This isn't a hack.
swefag here, cashed out everything to SEK on lbtcfuuuuuark so comfy
archived the page in case it goes down againhttps://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/>http://archive.is/7XoKB
Are we gonna get a tether classic?
YOU WERE ALL WARNED FOR DAYS
Wtf guys I live next to bitcoin and there is a helicopter outside!!!
Well, that was short lived
You should short it
tether trading for $0.97 on kraken lol
Ok we panicked enough, how big is it really?
BTC to 2000usd big?
It's crazy to see most people still thinking this is just an innocent hack.
Lambs to the slaughter!
I almost killed myself when I almost lost everything.
Fuck 20x leverage.
God no.
The hacked Tether was contained and flagged in the wallet it was put into and is fucking useless now
KEK
You seriously believe this?
Tether going down will likely take down Bitfinex exchange as they are inextricably linked.We're looking at a 1 week dip.
Not only has BTC been artificially pumped, but the normies will only hear hackers, fake money, BTC drop.You can just hear the news cycles now.
HAHAHAH!!!
HAHAHAH!
So accurate it hurts!
stop fucking around shit like thisbuy spank chain https://etherdelta.com/#0x42d6622dece394b54999fbd73d108123806f6a18-ETH
at least it's pumped with real money not tether shit
Tether is not yet confirmed a scam, as much as all the FUD is going around will imply.
So far they have released an audit of their finances as at Sept. w/c showed they have USD backing and the hack actually improved their standing in my eyes as to transparency.
Please help my ETH its its stuck somewhere and it wont make it to gdax holly fuck its not gonna get there in time is it???
>Mt.Gox 2.0 shitstorm on the media soon>Futures get cancelled>Wall Street puts the brakes on>Bitcoin crashesGive me that cheap coin
definitely not a trap anon, she has a feminine jaw and from the looks of it, a feminine bulge


print tether>buy coins>remove tether, fork chain>claim hacks>free cashwhats stopping them from repeating this?
Nice, just bought 100k
why is this the first time I'm hearing about this
you cant say you keep getting haxx0r forever.
this is the exit play.tether gets delisted, everyone holding tether loses, life goes on as usual
>people actually use tetherI thought that was a meme tbqh
he didn’t listen to bitfinex’ed
Because for days on /biz/ any time people bring up how shady Tether/Bitfinex is, they get shouted down by idiots calling it fud
4480535I've been in every Tether conspiracy thread I've had time for so far, trying to form an opinion and a plan.
But this is the first time I'm reading this screenshot of what is allegedly the founder of bitfinex, openly discussing fraudulent activity.If Unclescrooge actually is Raphael Nicolle, I can't say I'm not impressed.
The good news is the amount stolen is low compared to total volume.The bad news is it still could cause an ugly chain reaction bad for all crypto.
Bitfinex could get shut down and bitcion could tank 30% out of fear.
FUCK I'VE BEEN HOLDING TETHER BECAUSE IT WILL MOON SOON RIGHT
Kek
THIS IS IT BOYSTHE CRASH IS HERE
meanwhile btc rallys Lol RIP
What the fuck happened last night?
Everything tanked.
Was it lmao Tether?
"""""Hacked"""""No it's just bullshit.
WAHAHAH tetherbears Ive been telling you for months.All these fags defending tether on this board my god.This is the "exit" part.
It's over for bitcoin.
How will it ever recover
% chance it was transferred to an exchange and traded for something else you mong
it's all recovering now
commenting in legendary thread
Literally nothing happenedYou tether fudders are the most retarded people here.
Nobody will buy your BCH bags, deal with it.
Ok guys, we are already up at yesterday's levels on nearly every coin.
Was that it?
Or is there more to follow.
It's even harder to decide what to do than during the china crisis
4481330kek'd
Everyone acting like this is Mt.
Gox 2.0 but BTC is still >$8.2k
BTC is still >$8.2kis it though?
if tether is not really backed by USD, then that price is inflated.
Yes it is because I can sell it right now and get REAL 8.2k USD in my bank account
Daily reminder usdt is not a crypto currency and has no bearing on crypto what so ever
hint: this is an NSA containment thread
Nice job calling it.
rekt lmao
If you're thinking that then other people are surely thinking it too.
Cash out bud
hackedkek
magic numbers
Well this 'hack' says that if everyone did that theyd be 30million short.
Best case