Dumping all my POWR on Bittrex now.
How does that make you feel, faggots?>muh TeslaLOL.
DID YOU REALLY THINK TESLA WOULD GET INVOLVED WITH A SHIT COIN????
AHHAHAHAHA
>dumping maybe all of couple BTCswew you're such a whale OP
, to be exact.
thank you for the 26% gains
Sorry I have to laugh some moreAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAHHAHAAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAUSTRALIA ALREADY BUYS BACK POWER FROM CUSTOMERS.
LOL.
why would get shitty rates from selling to a monopoly when you can sell on a market for more money?
do you even know what the word economics means?
I don't see why TSLA wouldn't, given that it's a shit stock.
tfw sold at the top of this pump
AHAHAHAHAHHA LOOK AT THOSE RED CANDLES GO!GO GO POWER RED CANDLES LMAO
Did u just post a shill thread 2 hours ago with this same pic?
To hit that 4k wall and bounce right back into a green one.
lol, this is not a pump and dump.
Get fucked.
watch and learn peasant.
Within the hour it'll be down 25%.It's already down 8%
See you at 10k.
Ha knew you were shilling this piece of crap, im from Australia so knew it was crap but brought cause knew it was pumping.
Sold all i had in these shit coins last night.
Enjoy plebs
No you're not or you would know it's getting backed by the government pleb.
lmao see you at 10k and at 20k when you fomo.
OP here, I'm behind probably 90% of the power shills here.
Go to reddit if you want a factual break down of this coin- it's crap.
Reddit thinks it's useless and they are a bigger market that you 4chinners.I lied to you, about everything.
Get over it, get out while you can.
I'm tossing you a bone with this message.
This cunt has been shilling this shitcoin for the past week on here.
I swear he has been having convos to himself in threads to look as if the coin had a bit of backing and interest in it.
Fucks me why you would waste your life doing such a thing.
Fuck 4chan some days i swear
Lol have fun buying higher when it moons Monday
k lol.
FUCK OFF BACK TO REDDt FAGGOT, dont want your kind here.
You weren't fooling anyone faggot.
I own you, I am your daddy.
Don't be upset with me because I made you buy at the top, just sell now.
I could have easily not told you about the dump.
You should thank me.
Faggot not upset at all.
Read what i said, had this shitcoin but sold last night because knew it was going to get dumped, so no faggot.
Thanks for letting me jump on the ride and make money faggot, because i would have just over looked this shit coin and missed its mooning
Dumped my power too lol at ath.
Buying back 25c.. so long fuckers, panic sellers going to panic this shit to death
>TESLAOMG.
HAHAHAHAH.
I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW GULLIBLE YOU BIZ FAGS ARE.
DOES NO ONE HERE DO THE SLIGHTEST RESEARCH?!!
Some faggot from reddit couldn't make people at biz buy the top, only biz is good enough for that faggot.
No reddit faggot could do it, fuck off no one brought they shit, we could tell it was you and your little teenage friends posting in these powr threads
Don't be mad because you sold at the bottom yesterday night.
Follow my lead kid, you might make a buckaroo or two.>muh government backing LMAO
POWR seems like a smart investment to me and I'm also not lying on 4chan like OP.
The risk of swing trading alts is just too high, people lose their portfolios overnight doing that.
I don't know why more people don't just baghold nd remain diverse, it works in nearly every single marketplace there is no reason why it wouldn't work with cryptocurrency.It's easy to be sensible and it pays, please don't pay attention to posters like OP.
% is a good return but wow you must have been really late to the party.p.s you are a clueless trader and massive homosexual who will soon regret his decision
OMG U CRASHED THE MARKET.
sike price is stable rn above 4k.
have fun buying back higher faggot.
u act like u control the market lmfao and btw, powr is a legit coin.
do some research pajeet
But but I want my profits noooowwwwww
I don't claim to control the market, just telling you what will happen.
Lol so much dumping
we're below 4k.
I think we can go lower, can't we boys?
I've got 4400 tokens bought in at 2900 sats, I'm holding this for a period of no less than three years
dump what you want, i am still going to hold
Epic dumping!
POWRfags got REKT!
Dude im sorry but i cant trust this coin.
Government backing from the Australian government dont mean shit dude.
Im from Australia, population of 21 million and the government sucks dude.
Our economy is not huge dude
You done it yet?
I am trying to buy back in here and it needs to dip just a little more lol.
What coin can you trust if not the one that's a central part of an entire test neighborhood for future infrastructure in your own country?Solar infrastructure for that matter, in sunny fucking Australia.
Mate like i said im aussie and haven't even heard of this company or coin bro.
Im not saying its a bad coin but honestly australia is not a country for leading the way in new fabs and shit.
If anything the government love fucking things that work fine so be careful
Have you heard of Perth?
Look up who their lord mayor is retard.
Can you guys start posting pink wojacks and "let the bodies hit the floor" lyrics?
I find those very funny.
Entertain me.
Yes i know perth, very nice city but aint shit comes out of perth bro
Woah watch out, everyone!
We have a master manipulator on our hands spreading some serious FUD!
Sell eveything!
3800 sats now
 on Binance ya dingus.
Oh wait 4044 now.
Who fucking cares about this shitcoin faggots, Confirmed Op is a pedo faggot who dresses up as a pink power ranger to pick up yoing boys
 lolNevermind, you had a go and that's the main thing.
4440640I can hear the fear in your posts, keep holding to 3000 kids.
No one is saying it won't drop, what we're saying is you're a fucking mong if you think your posts are actually responsible for it.
3 hours later>It's up another 5%
any minute now.
It just reached a new ATH lol.
Looks like you pulled out at the wrong time just like your dad did.
I don't think you know what ATH means.
this comment is why i come to /biz
Bon Scott came out of Perth fuckface.
its at 4280 now
Phew!
It's coming down now.
Look at those sell walls.Didn't go down right when I predicted, oh well.
Regardless I still made $40k and you're still a poor retarded faggot.
those sell walls got gobbled up faster than ur dad gobbles dicks
Hahahaha!!
same here, man i just need it to go back down to $0.25 again so i can put in more.
Same lmao>be me>computer engineer>put in 10 btc>goes up 10%>profit one btc from doing virtually nothingthe poor fags here will never be as smart as guys like us;)
OP phoneposting.You're not fooling anyone OP.
Please return to reddit.
I bought back in at 4200 sats during that mini dip.
I sold at 4180 so I only lost a little bit.
That was very stressful.Sigh... back to shilling Powr I guess...

Bought in at 10 cents so i dont care :)Tesla or no tesla it does not matter, its not priced in and with the recent Trial thats backed by Government funding its unlikly powerledger and tesla will work together.We are better off without them
Fucking kek you replied to the wrong thread.
if you sold POWR you fucked up badly bro... you JUST'd yourself.
Buy back in before its REALLY too late at least.
ITT we laugh at the retarded OP who sold at 4k and we got to 4.5k
4442049I sold at 4180 and bought back in when it dipped to 4200I'm strapped back in for the moon mission
good, dont ever fuck with POWR again and doubt it, it's a moon ticket when Elon gets behind us.Fuck I dont even want to go to sleep because I dont know what's gonna do next.
And if its PBC's pick we're mooning
I'm going to be a millionaire.
Same I had sold weak handed here but bought back in with less POWR tokens than I had before.
Holding overnight.
Going to bed.
GLTA
They said they've only talked to Elon but won't confirm any partnership yet.For any of you idiots that don't know.
Elon came to Australia because he wants to solve our shitty power issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9nrdyix-hwHe worked with Mike Cannon-Brookes a billionaire aussie to build a Battery farm in South Australia.
It's already operational.>Perth is hedged to possibly be the first city in the world to properly circulate Solar Power.
300 Days of the year of Sunshine.
Reroll
Oh good this thread is still active.We heading to Mars next boys?
All hail Queen Greene!
THANK GOD I BOUGHT BACK IN HOLY MOTHER FUCK SHIT
PBC IS POWER