Still using that old crappy exchanges that charge a fee for every trade?
LOLCobinhood will be an exchange that offers trading without fees.
Why would anyone use another exchange when this is launched?- Closed beta already released (everybody is positive)- Best looking exchange- Will offer ability to short- Will support all fiat currencies- Margin trading with leverage is possible- Beta is launching November 14- Current market cap is under $20M (Binance coin has a market cap of $200M)- Great and big teamDid I tell you already that the official opening is December 14?
Better buy now right while it's still cheap.But senpai... there are no fees on this exchange, what benefit do I have as token holder?- if you margin trade, you have to pay interest, but if you pay this interest with Cob tokens, you only have to pay halve of it.- Cobinhood will audit and underwrite upcoming ico's.
As a Cob token holder you will get VIP discounts on these ico's.Why should I buy now and not next week?- The price is rising steadily and.... did I mention MASTERNODE?
I got 6250 some months ago and the hold is quite comfy, hopefuly I'll get something out of this
actually they will decentralize within two years it's on on their timeline of goalsbut wait for a small pull back low on the day
All in , hold till exchange opens - profit and with cyber miles ico they’re underwriting in a few weeks this will look
I like what Coss.io is aiming to do.
I will look into this one too, thanks OP for the tip
So how does it sustain itself when there is zero transaction fee?
- Deposit / withdrawal fee- They make money from users that want to margin trade- They make money by underwriting ico's.
What will the token be used for?
- if you margin trade, you have to pay interest, but if you pay this interest with Cob tokens, you only have to pay halve of it.- Cobinhood will audit and underwrite upcoming ico's.
As a Cob token holder you will get VIP discounts on these ico's.- The right to vote for listing of new crypto's on the exchange- MasternodeNote that these are the current benefits of holding the coin.
In the future more benefits may be added.
They will never get a single BTC from me.
How are you going to BLATANTLY rip off one of the biggest stock trading platforms names, and expect people to invest in you (other than pajeets because I know you fucks love stealing)
The benefits of holding Coss are orders of magnitude greater
I only even came into this thread because I thought the Robinhood team were behind this.
Gawd damn curry poo swindling pajeets.
Pics of closed beta:https://medium.com/@arno.stulens/cobinhood-closed-beta-sneak-peak-72cf0194b0a9