My wife's friend's husband knows one of the developers who've been brought onboard by SmartContract.com after the ICO, and he told me something about ChainLink:>it's a scamThey're basically just using the LINK ICO to fund development of a completely different platform using a non-proprietary analogue of that new "hashgraph" scheme (better than traditional "blockchain"), and they intend to dump their "reserved" tokens whenever the market and their situation dictates.
He told me that the LINK tokens were intended to mislead competitors while incidentally sandbagging whales, but that they will be somehow either convertible to or redeemable for the *real* token, but that the value will continue to tank and never go above $0.25.>get out nowHe also says Rory is a useless cunt, very salty in person.
my wife's son
Sergey is my dad.
Confirmed
a friend of a friend of my wife's cousin's son's uncle told me that youre a fag
This is definitely true.
It's why Sergey has been focussing so much on pumping up the price of ChainLink tokens short term, so he can dump his 30% share.Think about it guys.
If this was actually a serious project they'd be working hard on developing their main-net and networking with big business.
Instead they're on Slack all the time providing new roadmaps and building hype.
Quality post
My wife's friend's husband's uncle says he knows you and told me something about you OP.>you're a faggot
stop it already
kekOP btfo
my wife's husband
I'll say these two coins oncePOWR - better investment than LINK will be at $1 by Jan 2018BQX - will be 40+ EOY 2018Dump the LINK and lets make some money
It's why Sergey has been focussing so much on pumping up the price of ChainLink tokens short term, so he can dump his 30% share.except he hasn't been, like, at all.
lol
i grabed some BQX but i think i fomoed.its at ATH and i bought some =(
What is sarcasm?
no you're good, it's been on a steady incline upwards.
There's some big news coming that will pump this up to $3/4 a token plus there total supply is around that of ETH (200mil)
i honestly still want to buy more.
the graphs look real good
I think 1,000 should be enough, if they hit what some of the experts are predicting.
I've heard a few people say it's the next LTC and if they can get their product out there and enough people get on board it'll be ETH prices in no time.
nice.
bought 100k
Bought the dip.
Got 2160 of these.
It seems like it's not dipping as bad as most alts.
but that they will be somehow either convertible to or redeemable for the *real* tokenOK, so no problem then.
Nice FUD... NOT!
HAHA Never selling!
thx for the tip, bought100k
I just realized how revolutionary this shit is.
I'm going all in
Imagine being this dense
Autism everybody
Hello again everyone; this is OP with a simple message:>i was actually larping and don't have any actual connections to the dev team and am not even married lolI was FUDding; I usually shill, but I wanted to try something else out -- purely for the lulz.>thanks for playing>inb4 350 posts
Fake news.You copied my post and it's real.
The new token is called KINK btw.
Literally just a JSON parser.
Vitalik tried to warn you people, but you didn't listen.