Got 15k ARK and 150k REQ.
How fucked am I in 2019?
please help!
If you cashed out your ARK in late 2018 you'll be a millionaire.
No joke.
Your REQ is probably worth a bit too
thinking baout putting more into REQ.
Yes, No?!
All in on ARK
yeah, no fucking Clue about the REQ .... just go all in for ARK
whats your price expectations for ARK?
Like why the fuck would you NOT buy ARK?
I mean who even cares what it does?
ARK has by far the most aesthetic team in the crypto industry hands down.
All the developers of those other coins are all gross nerds, I guess there is that one chick with the big tits and the rented plane, but have you ever seen Francois Xavier Thoorens?
Would tattoo a swastika on my forehead and run for office in Israel just to wipe my nosewith the toilet paper his gay cousin used to wipe with that time he had diarrhea in a truck stop.
REQ is so cheap.
lel
REQ is like LINK.
It's a vaporware right now without any hype.
No one knows.
However, it is coming out with an actual product in a couple of months.
This game is all about hype because very few have a working product.
REQ has no hype right now which is evident in that the price is low and keeps going down then a little back up.I say 150k is enough.
I have 100 ARK just because you guys shill it so much.
I'm banking on LTC, ETC and ETH it's been good but not great.
I've also gone in on some ICO's XLM, RLC, and RCN we will see if any of those pan out.
I like where you're head's at.
All these tokens types of coins are simply vaporware.
It's all about marketing.
I feel REQ actually has a decent image behind it.LINK however is downright terrible.
Look at the fat fuck that is their frontman.
yes, link is so shillish... insane.
Realistically I could see it reaching $6-8 by middle of nexy year.
Whales see something in it, and it has been manipulated by them since it's inception.
yeah, seems realistic.
what about REQ?
I haven't been following REQ very much, couldn't say.
First good pump, when the first version will be live in Q4 2017 and with Main Net it should be able to get an ATH about 0.5 in Q1 2018
>has $70k+Im so fucked guys xD
look at their books - tons of hodlers have over 25k ARK (and even more have 100-500k ) .
Not sure any normie would have 75k in Ark and feel okay about it while BTC climbs.
Only Hedges would do something like that.
Well that would be nice.
What do you think about Q4 2018?
Impossible to predict sth so far away in crypto world, even Q4 2017 could be a flop.
It merely depends if the Devs can deliever their vision, but for now they are even over-delievering with their roadmap.
(i.e.
we decided to move the “website to interact with Requests” that was initially planned for Q1 2018 to Q4 2017.)
Another question would be if REQ could get an outside adoption, this could lead into unrealstic price predictions.Competition like MTH (which is nearly dead), and Utrust which doesn't have anything until Q4 2018 (no MVP nor a proof of concept)Feeling comfy with REQ, but right now it's a total speculation.
>High risk, high reward, but this is a classic crypto thing.
wow, thank you for that!
So I wont shift my REQ to ARK.
Just look in the wallet from time to time and chill.
Really not interested in Daytrading
Good luck for your financial future.
Always focus on your goals.
Cya at the first REQ meeting in 2018
Good move, both seem like excellent long-term hodls.
likewise!
See you in 2018!
What are your price predictions for REQ?Maybe 1$ or 2$ EOY 2018?