bruh, look at this dudeOH NONONONONOHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHLOOK AT THE TOP OF THE CHARTHAHHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHA
As transactions get confirmed, they are dumping their BTC and buying BCH.
This is your last chance /biz/
>tfw bought at 0.3
You know BTC is going to be over 8k by year end, right?
CME said BTC futures will be live by year end; no hard fork to 2MB blocks means no split; shows the core community will table a controversial idea even with 85% support.
You should buy BTC now.
Btc won't even be 1 on cmc by year end
There we go fixed that for ya OP
BCH is now bitcoin, the other is just scamcoin
Poloniex holds the Bitcoin Plus development wallet which sits at 14,000 shares and stakes 20% yearly until 2030 or so.
They aren't de-listing Bitcoin Plus anytime soon.
Bittrex and other exchanges will follow suit and add Bitcoin Plus probably next year.
When the $$$ make sense they all follow suit.Bitcoin Plus is following the same pattern and path that Bitcoin did early on.
1-2 years from now there will be people on here posting how they wish they would have bought this at $50 each...now it's $10,000 each.
There are now 10+ Digital Currencies with a billion dollar marketcap and I would gamble that Bitcoin Plus will be another billion dollar plus marketcap coin in 2 years.
You have massive amounts of development taking place in this coin that we would have only dreamed of a year ago like SegWit, major Dev, and a 100 more things.
And the developments are just getting startedBitcoin Plus is no joke.
This one is as real as it gets.
And the knuckleheads that come on here and post Scam Coin are as dumb as it gets.
Every coin has those people.
Bitcoin has had them forever.When Hedge Funds start eating Bitcoin Plus it will be a new adventure like we've never seen before.
And they are coming.
I'll trade my BCH for your "scamcoin" 1:1 then
Lamb being happy that he is headed for a slaughter.
There will be so much blood in Bitcoin cash that no one would want to come anywhere near it.
Ver will buy a yacht and pretend it was a honest mistake, Chinese miners are the only one profiting of BCC and you supporting them and their greedy, you deserve what is about to happen.
Don't forget what I told you today, tomorrow you will wake up and want to kill yourself, you will feel empty when the price of bcc goes bellow 500$ and you realize you were a part of the biggest scam in crypto world, even outshine bitconnect
O
This is a fucking nightmare.
No other way to put it.