Do you want to know why he is a communist and why most beta males and nu males are communist?
It's because their sexual market value is so low that they dont have a chance, so evolutionarily they rely on society giving everything for free.
Ethereum is the most communist crypto in all of crypto, bested perhaps only by Iota.
Still support it?
Fuck capitalist cucks
If these coins succeed to their full potential, you get communism.
Everything will be free and shared.
You people have no idea vitaliks endgame or youd be fighting to destroy that shit.
t.ugly virgin
this guy has a billions of worth and u say he has low sexual market value?
hahahaha get real, man.
It's because their sexual market value is so low that they dont have a chance, so evolutionarily they rely on society giving everything for free.Then 4chan would be a communist hub
all this guy has to do is start eating like a human and hit the gym
that doesnt change the deformity of his genetics.
plus his kids wont be like him.
Thanks, this clarified things.
Stupid communist token clip clop funland bullshit for losers that wanna larp star trek.
If you can't tell vitalik is homofag don't know what to tell you

why do they always look weird i wonder
the absolute state of /pol/.
Scared of communism in 2018.
I suppose if you subscribe to a 1950s mindset you have to take on their irrational fears too.
It's more like they are children and are still stuck in the mindset of their parents giving them everything and telling them what to do.
They never got past the stage where they become adults who take responsibility and guide their own lives.Also being submissive and supplicative to women.
learn the difference between economic value and sexual valuethe latter is the reason why mark zuckerberg is breeding with an ugly fucking chink like priscilla chan in spite of his huge cultural relevance and billions of dollars
Do you drive on communal roads or do you forge your own road through the fields like a real man?And I hope when your house is on fire you don't call the communist fire brigade, and put it out, like a true patriot.And I hope you don't drink water that is ruled to be safe by communist panels.
Dredge your own water out of the ground, like an adult.
What makes him a communist?
Wtf i love communism now
Earn more than you consume.
It's not that hard, but you don't seem capable of doing that.
If these coins succeed to their full potential, you get communismYou're a fucking idiot
Priscilla is someone who he knew before he was rich.
Think hard about why, although he could literally buy gorgeous women, he's with her.
Nice strawman cuck.
By that logic, if you have privately owned property or money in your bank account, that means you are an extremist ancap.
do you forge your own road through the fields like a real manYou mean like those Chinamen did in the 70s because their government wouldn't build a road to their city?
No, i sold all my eth as soon as he went full commie on twitter.
Also nothing a little cosmetic surgery can't fix!!
Preaching to the choir, my man.
Ethereum is a redditor's wet dream, aka a bunch of jews making them feel like they're saving the world as they sit on their ass and upvote each other.
Does this ring a bell yet?Ethereum is this generation's niggerball.
This is why 90% of my portfolio is in this shitcoin.
It will succeed precisely because it's so toxic.
Social and federal groups aren't communism.
Communism is code for jews who are always a threat.