

Go all in on B2X or cry tomorrow
With that little money you should not diversify.
If one of your shitcoins go x10 now you made almost nothing.Strong all in holds:XrpSyscoinExpect xrp x10 in 2018Expect sys way more than that.
Nope not gonna make it You have way too many shit coins for the amount of money invested.
Better off investing that .3btc into 1-3 coins tops
which 2 - 3 coins would you recommend?hasn't XRP been dead for a while?
It didn't move much this month..
4279034You need to diversify more.
Spread it out evenly into 15-20 altcoins
I'm gonna add another 5k into this later this month.
The original 2k investment was to get a feel of the space.
The goal is to have a 10k investment and to turn it into 100k in 3 years.
What about me?
1.27E-17 shares of Bitcoin
R8
Rate me pleaseee
Should I take out some btc and put in alts?
to balance out the shitcoins
Right now is the perfect time to buy alts with BTCThey're primed to make another bull run.Just pick your favorites.
Jesus fuck dude get rid of that BTC asap, you should have done this two days ago, alts have already gone up and you have missed 20% gains.
You will miss more if you keep holding btc
you might actually make it senpai..Just be sure to add some BTC/ETH/LTC as a counter to your alts in case they dip again
I lost about 2btc with the btc bull run and alt crash last month so I don't know what to do anymore.
Think I'll take out .5 btc and put in a few alts
normally what happens is BTC leads and alts follow so since we just had a bull run for btc we can expect one for alts now.
Shit i fuck up
just don't go looking for moon missions and end up investing in shit coins.
It's better to invest in fundamentals and have slow but steady growth.
halpI know i am over diversified but don't know what to drop for BCH
Please be kind.
shill me on VEN
this looks like the just portfolio more then anythingwhy are you bagholding omise
I'm new to crypto, what are some alts that will moon in the coming weeks?
Go all in on Ark.
Thank me in January
Do your own research.My strategy has been to reallocate my BTC gains into some promising coins and through a few grand in every now and then from when I have money I don't care about.
My end goal is to through them on a Trezor and forget about them for a few years.
I haven't been just'd by OMG enough to shake me.
Coming weeks is anyone's guess, but longer-ish term I would say things like Monero, NEO, Stratis and Ark.
ARK & WAVES will make you very rich
Fuck off idiot what kind of logic is that.
Why would it work for millions and not hundreds.
Neck yourself larper.
That much Ohni.
Nigger how?
R8
xrp deadspeculative trading charts =/= company progress.2018 will continue the overall growth trend, people need to look at longer timeframes for projects actually requiring institutional adoption rather than NEET speculation.
Has it dipped since May?
Yes.
Has it increased by thousands of % since it's inception?
Yes.
Will it continue to grow?
Yes.
You are valuing in btc not usd so yes.
a fucking leaf
Posw n00bie
all in ark, hold for a year, cash out and buy a lambo.
ez