For those of us who don't day trade and just buy dips here and there to hold LONG TERM, what's the endgame?For those of us putting thousands$ into altcoins considered "safe holds", are we really on to something here that is guaranteed to make us rich?
Simply because we are "internet people" and have the edge on altcoins?
Most of these through my own research seem like a lot of good tech startup ideas.Redpill me, real talk, whatever.
I have some very comfy coins im holding long term.
I mean it's not like all of these holds are going to return 0$ unless something really crazy happens.Are we really going to be rich?
Obviously that's the idea, but I need a level headed person to tell me the deal about altcoins.
Set a goal of when to take profit.
Being greedy will only make lose more money.
Depends what your altcoin portfolio looks like.There are plenty of alts that will go to 0
If your alt isnt in the top 10 you should probably assume it is going to go to 0 one day and have a game plan on when to take profits.
If that is too much work then only buy and hodl the major coins
Not OP but I transferred almost all of my savings account into Confido, ChainLink, and Bitcoin Cash.
Been holding those three for a few months now since people here told me to buy those back then.
I hope I can make enough money to pay for my daughters cancer treatment in time.
This.
I'm huge on Confido myself now after the sweet, sweet dip.
thousands$ into altcoins considered "safe holds", are we really on to something here that is guaranteed to make us rich?Hehe, are you a deluded linkie by any chance?The truth is, 99% of ICO-issued tokens will go to 0.
It’s like dotcom shares.
Only you don’t even hold shares, you hold car wash tokens, and it is not clear whether their value will be affected even if the related car wash facilities end up being heavily used.Now as for real store-of-value altCOINS that are tied to an actual blockchain of their own, they may experience growth similar to Bitcoin’s, or possibly greater, as long as they prove to have solid dev and miner support.
Fair point.And nice no shilling specific coin thread.And yes most of us unretarded and not to greedy are gonna make it.If you allin from pump to pump you gonna get busted.If you deversefy 30 shitcoins you gonna slowly bleed to death.Rest are fine, market cap 90 days ago was 190mm today is 254mmm -so you all you need to do is park money in 2 solid bigaps 2 solid midacps and 2 big potential smallcaps.Gl anons.
Something is going to happen eventually.
There is unbridled optimism from all the mainstream attention and normies putting their savings into crypto.
When whatever it is happens, a lot of those yuppies that put ~10-20% of their savings into crypto will pull out.
This has happened multiple times; for BTC at least.
There is a scare, shit goes down and it recovers.
But when that scare happens, everything but the biggest coins are going to effectively disappear over night.
Don't worry man bitcoin cash has your ass covered
This is bait.