Hey guys, TA fag here with another thread for all your TA questions.
Will be charting altcoins, shitcoins, bitcoins and whatever you want.
The coins must be on TradingView.This previous couple of hours for bitcoin was certainly an interesting one.
Luckily I had buy orders set at 7500 due to that being a previous support line and psychologically important number!t.
4 years trading crypto, 8 years trading forex and 3 years in finance industry
Pretty standard stop hunting run and V recovery we see so often in bitcoin when the market overreacts.
Let me know what you guys want me to chart!
requesting TA for OMG.
im doing my own TA and im seeing a falling wedge and the next support would be 85300 if it falls
I'm seeing an intersecting meme line with a 50% chance of a bullish bullshit formation on the fibbonaci retracing da vinci code level 52.
BTC please
I'm not sure if I see the falling wedge that you speak of.
Perhaps on a lower timeframe?
I'm personally bearish on $OMG, due to the bearish 13EMA and 30MA cross a couple of weeks ago that hasn't reversed at all.We're below the 200MA, that's a pretty good sign.
I would personally be buying from 86k sats to 80k sats.
Unfortunately there is a lot of sell pressure, so I doubt we'll see a breakout anytime soon!
If you're in already I personally wouldn't advise selling, but don't expect it to go up anytime soon.
Any particular time frame?
The OP picture is a of BTC
 hr forcast
Requesting POWRPlease divine the future
i̤͉ͬͮ̊́͘t̡̛̞͉̘͗ͪ͗ͭ̎̕'̴͔̝̞̻͚̎̒̃̈́̆s̠̰͈͋̄̇ͧ̉̀ ̢̹͚ͫ̃̇͟l̙̘̪͉̖ͭ̃ͣ͌͋ͪ̚͠͡ī̝̞̤̘̙̗͕ͭ́̀́́͘ͅk̸̴̭̹̗͒ͧ͂̍ͨͩͦ̿ẽ̘͕͕͈̪̮̔̂ͣ̿ ̧͙͔͖͇̠̞̣̓̐ͯ̎ͭỹ̴͖̝͇͍͍̗̳̠̠̍ͧ̐̾͟o͇̜̺̼̞̿ͧ̎́ͫ̆̍ư̫̼͖̳̫͖̓ͫ̉̀ ̧̘̝͒̒̽̓̆͡͝t̷̶̴̯̗̘̗͔ͦ̇̒ͬ͂ͅḧ̘̼̤͓̣͊ͨͬͬ͊̆ͤ͒ḯͣ̎ͦ̄̉͢ͅn̟̜͈̹̪͐̋̈̈́͂̔͑͘ķ̼̣̰͇̳̬̈́ͬ͟ ̫̤̖̼̬̾̓͐͡ỵ̡̱̘̫̩̜̞̆͑̋ͮ̓͐͟ȏ̸͈̟͈̝̖̼͈͝ŭ̷͎͚̊ ͓̪̣̯̺̣̱̆́͡c̦̑̒ͯͩa̤̦͋̓̐͋̋̕n̹̣͖̻͎̟̫͋̍̏̇́͡͡ ̷̖̮͔̹ͩͨ̒͠ș̘̬̬̼̘̎ͫ̏̀̑̎e̙̱̳̯̙̓ͬ̏ͯ̈̌e̸̳̬͍̼̙̤͕͗͒ ̡̪͍͙̟͖̘̆ͯt̪̭̱̔ͣ̔́͡ĥ̰͉͙̿e͔̹͖̝̮̾́ͦͫ̄̐̓̏̓͞ͅ ̧̟̓̂̒̑ͨ̎͘̕f̣̗͓̪̞̭͈̐̉͒́̉ͩͨ͞ͅͅǔ̱̣̥͔̝̯̮̮̓ͯͤ̆̒ͣͬ͢ṯ͚̝͔͔̾̉̈́ͣ̈̈́u̶͇͎̮̻̺͚ͩ̕r̖̰̗̠̳̎ͤ̀͌͊̍ͨ̎e̸̻̱̟͉̪͉ͭ̿͑͒̐͡!̵̶̦̱̠̘͍̣ͫ̍̉̿̈ͧ̓ͫͅ ̡̠̥̟͈͉̬̠̘̃͂̀<̡͈͍̜̫͍̺̫̾͑ͦ͢3̸̘̤͕̺͛͂ͨ͠͞ ̵̧̧̠͇͎̂̔̔̀͗̈́ͭ̔ͬ<̴͇̘̙̱̺͇͚͌͠3̪̤͖̓̆͋̾̈̎̽ͤ̔͢͞ ̱͈̠̗̫̩̿͆̂ͬͬ̌<̖̪̝ͪͪ̐̂̚3̷̡̃̓ͮͦͅ4 years in crypto, 8 years in forex, 3 years in "finance industry" and you're still drawing meme lines......whew
Where to go to start learning TA if you're a simpleton?
If I buy that low, where do I set stops?
I'm afraid it will just keep on falling.
How much do you bet per trade?
4488700I do TA mostly for fun and for margin trading.
No portfolios are invested because of someone's TA.
Where I worked PM's invested based on research, using model-based systems, risk assessment.
Some hedge funds have been using HFT, and they certainly don't use TA
This
Murphy's bookTechnical Analysis of the Financial Markets: A Comprehensive Guide to Trading Methods and Applications (New York Institute of Finance)Is my TA bible.Chart and Technical Analysis by Fred McAllen is also decent for beginners!Stops are for personal discression, if it drops below the 80k sats floor i'd personally buy as low as 50k sats.
I don't invest much into altcoins, but when I do I fully expect to lose my entire investment so I rarely use stops, helps you not panic!
seconded
Dear Mr. TA senpai,I'm looking to learn TA myself for daytrading crypto.
I would be so glad if you could point me in some direction in terms of material.
Any books, websites, youtube channels?
im checking the 4hr time frame and im just pulling lines out of my ass.
but i agree that omg is bearish and the next support i found is 86k
4488833I see you have already answered my query.
Much appreciated.
Do the books go from the basics, something like defining what it means to be bearish etc?
Are the methods introduced mathematically?
ltc
Could you do one for SLR?
:)
you risk 100% of your investment?
I thought rule number 1 for trading was conserve your capital.
4488691For btc in the next 24 hours I don't see any reason why it should drop out of the bullish channel.
We should see steady price rises with slight retracements to bottoms of the channel until we hit 8500 or so, where we'll see a sharp increase like we saw at the 7500 level.
Again, just look at 5500,6500, 7500 and you should get a pretty good idea of what would happen if we break 8500 cleanly.If not in position, look for longs around support touches, with tight stops.
Beware of news, some new tether FUD or bitocin exchange being hacked could send the market into a panic!The 13EMA and 30MA have been uncrossed for some time now, and are both sloping upwards which is a super bullish indication for me personally.
hi TA Fag, i'm wondering what's the point of TA in crypto, knowing price action is ruled by news and hype?
Cheers
How about ETP?
how bout LTC?
How to learn this?
About this XBTUSD contract on BitmexSo you buy this if you think the price will rise and take profit by selling it and there are rebates on limit ordersIf you don't use leverage you can't be liquidated right?
You can go down with the ship until your contracts are worth nothingSo what's the catch?
We all know BTC will be higher than its current price at some point in the future.
Is the only way to fuck up if it drops and never recovers above the current contract price?And what are funding rates about?
Is that only for leveraged positions and it doesn't matter for 1:1 bros?
POWR please
Draw lines and sound smart?
Literally say that "Bitcoin will go up, unless bad news" and you've got it
please read my tea leaves with tarot cards next
4488912Bullish on LTC, assuming bitcoin chills out and consolidated for a couple of days (which I anticipate it will after one final gun to 9k)Potential for bullish cross, higher lows despite increased sell volume, rock bottom prices.Would buy in blue rectangle
question?why set the EMA into 200 and 13 also why is there a 30 MA
Sorry forgot picutes
Requesting TA on LINK
What's your net worth OP?I honestly thought TA is a meme and bullshit but you obviously have mastered it and are making a living from this shit.
PLEASE
thanks
scamcoin, also not on TradingView.
Probably will go to zero imo.
Good answer.
Thinking it'll go to 0 too.
RCN for the next 24 señor TA Fag
What does the TA look like for ark?Thoughts on short to mid term?
It's been out for like 3 days.
TA would be useless.
Sorry!
I want to put about 1k on a low market cap altcoin.
What would you suggest to go all in?
Was thinking Link but i keep getting discouraged even though i believe in their technology.
Bro why aren't you explaining bitmex contracts to me
I would not recommend going all on a low cap coin.
If I had to suggest anything though, I would look at UBQ.
Yeah youre right lol.
Well what do you think?
fuck, i spat coffee all over my screen
Because you can do the fucking research yourself?
Kidding.Bitmex contracts are like most futures, except that they have fees in order to stay close to index prices.
You have .0075% for taker fees and -.0025% for makers fees (they pay you).
You can read up on the funding fees while in position on their website.
https://www.bitmex.com/app/contract/XBTUSDIf you need a referral link here's minebitmex.com/register/ir2Xqa
4489363thanks!!
i asked for the IOTA chart yesterday, it managed to dip like you had mentioned so i snagged some coins there.been waiting for a ltc dip for a while but it seems btc affects ltc/eth so directly.
i'm relatively new to crypto, but i feel like they've never been as correlated as they are recently.
words of wisdom for the inexperienced yet intrigued?
I will look into it, may i ask what sparked your interest in this one particularly?
Furthermore i would like a TA on SALT, which is a coin i am also interested to
Since you're actually giving decent answers:Why do you use the indicators that you do?
OBV, whatever the fuck else you have
invest in.
LINK>a scamcoinIgnore all this guys advice, he's a FUD'ing scammer.
Glad I could help my manI never ask for donations due to not needing it, but if you want to support me give me a follow on twitter @ThinkingUSDI did SALT yesterday, let me see if I can find itOkay so for SALT I would personally stay out, don't really see it going up anytime soon.
The only positive I can see is it's below the 200EMA.
If someone held a gun to my head and forced me to take a position I would buy on touches of the support line with tight stops.
Probably because they fucking work?
If you known how to interpret, obviously.
Neo looks like it hit bedrock at 420k, and has nowhere to go but up.
Thoughts?
Hey man, just my opinion.
I notice LINK bag holders are usually pretty hostile, which isn't a great sign, indicating a lot of people waiting to dump.
We've seen many pump and dumps on /biz/ and it smells fairly reminiscent of DGB!
SAD!
anything 'works' if you know how to interpret it what a shitty answer
FUDing this hard so you can acquire more LINKSad!
I personally use13EMA30MA200EMAOBV w/ 13EMAWilly21MA13 (21,13)Weis Wave VolumeMACD (12,26, close, 9)Also Fibonacci retracement levels.
I typically use indicators not as predictors of the next move, but more as confirmation for what I believe might happen to the chart.
I personally think the most consistent TA indicators are support and resistance lines along with double bottoms (W) patternsI own no link and never will own link.
I get a lot of requests for TA on it.
Is it on coingy?
Think about it guys, why would anyone come and give free, good TA on /biz/?
It's literally stupid, unless he's gaining something for himself at the same time.OP is giving legit TA, while spreading FUD about coins he wants to buy more of.
It's obvious.
isn't it forming a double bottom?
though it might break the 443 support
Whats the name of the indicator at the bottom?
weis wave bar
Do you ever short with leverage?Where to learn about entering a trade at the best price?Any book recommendation?
not some pompous shit like the intelligent investor.RLC is at bottom?
LINK is going to be $1 easily, Q1 2018.
Even brainlets realize this.OF COURSE people are going to come and shit on it to drive the price down.
4489827Bestow thine prophecy upon me, ye faggot
im still curious why is 30MA different while 13 and 200 is using EMA.13EMA30MA200EMA
deluded linktards trying to make every thread about linklmao
That's not true man, don't dismiss things like that because I saw POWR breakout of an ascending triangle and I saw it go through a textbook inverted Cup and Handle just the past couple days.
The crypto market would be a lot better and behave a lot more rationally if people understood basic TA.
I help people because I want to give back to the community that got me into bitcoin in late 2013.
Full disclosure of my portfolio is all bitcoin right now.
I haven't touched alts since NEO was ANS.
I literally have nothing to gain other than shill my twitter occasionally.
If you don't enjoy my TA you can just not participate in the thread :^)
Speaking of NEO4489827
NEO chart coming right up, i'm going to get lunch so check back in about 20 minutes.I kind of see the C&H, but that would just be confirmation bias since it's a small time frame.
I chart longer time frames as crypto is prone to violent volatility.
Never, EVER short with leverage.
Bitcoin is far too bullish to ever justify shorting with leverage.
My biggest realized loss of 16k USD was because of an overleveraged short that I ended up bagholding for far too long on the run to 5k from 4300 a couple of weeks ago.Best times to enter trades are on support line, fibonacci retracement levels, and key psychological support ex.
5000, 7500, 8000 ect.As for books see this post
Nice dub dubs, if I make about $200 surplus each month how much should my starting investment in crypto be.
After all the research and learning
Do you have any trading experience?
If not I would build up savings and wait for a nice red dildo on bitcoin.
Anytime bitcoin is down 5% or more should be a good entry.NEO chart coming right up after I get lunch
It's on coinigy.
And you can't judge a coin based on it's bagholders, everything is pointing to it being a legit project.
got anything on XLM?i've been tracking and trading it for a couple weeks but recently we've been going completely sideways relative to btc.
I see a big bull flag on the usd price and especially on the marketcap, but btc price is just to noisy and scattered for me to make much of it.
I see the higher lows, and a general triangle pattern, but we're just hanging out in the middle without touching any highs or lows,and yes, i know my charts are messy
So what's your analysis on https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/RLCBTC/ ?Is it at the bottom?Do you often get fucked by crypto not giving a fuck about TA?
Or is TA solid for trading it?
Could you do btc/eth?
Okay back from lunch, sorry about that had a few errands to run.
Will do this after NEO graphWill do this after XLMWill do this after RLC
I generally don't get fucked by crypto not caring about TA, generally it conformers pretty well to TA.
Unfortunately, the news seems to be the driving factor in 2017, which parallels most stocks.
However, the volatility is unmatched in any other market due to low market caps.
The absolute bottom for altcoins is always zero.
See BTS or Posw ect.I would say a better phrase to use would be has hit found support yet
Pls chart POWR based OP
I'm interested in TA but I don't really believe in it.
Do you only use charting or also models/algos to back that up?
Do you really only use meme lines, volume indicators and lagging indicators like MAs?
No volatility indicators or other price indicators?
Do you use different timeframes to back your calls?
Also, what's your ratio of profitable trades in volume and in value?
Thanks TA fag
This TA is mostly on the fly for shorter-term moves.
When I worked at [redacted] we used model based trading, not TA.
I do use pivot points and TD9 occasionally, but I find that it's more relevant for bitcoin rather than altcoins.
My ROE on bitmex is above 300% of initial investment.4489979NEO chart, analysis on chart, short-term to mid-term bearish.
Op you already got 3 requests for powr, are you charting it?Also, whats ur twitter?
yeah i'll chart Powr nextmy twitter is @ThinkingUSD
thoughts on REQ and can you do a TA chart for REQ as well?
Thanks, just added you, looking forward to powr and your charts, i try to follow guys that i seen to predict well on tradingview and based on 3-4 diff charts i try to average to try and predict what will happen
What is your thought particularly on the indicator Tone Vays uses?
Alright thanks for the answer TA fag will check out the indicators mentioned.
Attached is my "buy the dips and long with no proper backtesting" strategy for 1 day btc only (ayy lmao).
Maybe someday I'll learn how to code and actually git gud for algos and models.
44912584491038POWR chart
EZ MOON RIDE
pls do one on the new coinHST
Last thing, do you check different timeframes (like the 4h and 15min) to corroborate a move you're considering (on the 1h in this exemple)?
absolute!
Good to check for similar trend indication on 15m, 1h,4h and daily for all trades.
Sometimes you'll get mixed answers, which should tell you to maybe decrease your exposure to the trade, and sometimes they all scream "DOOM" or "MOON" and you should double your position.
Could you point out some resources (books are fine) that elaborate on model-based decisions and risk management?I have a math degree, so stats etc.
are not a problem.
Thanks!
Quantitative Technical Analysis: An integrated approach to trading system development and trading management by Howard Brandy Good place to start for the more quant/mathematical side of trading
what do the two red lines you've drawn that cross each other mean to you?
also can you do IOTA?also answer my question earlier about your books please 
How do you successfully manage risks in case of a flash crash?
Perfect!I have one quick question: why are charts often done on pairs with a BTC numeraire?
If BTC has a considerable drop the coin gains but not in FIAT terms.
Wouldn't it make more sense to chart against FIAT since it's more stable?
Those two books cover basics and more "advanced" trend predictionYou can't really due to flash crashers coming out of nowhere.
As a general rule, don't use market stop losses and don't go all in.
Ez pzYou only buy altcoins to accumulate more bitcoin.
Fiat prices of altcoins unless selling OTC are irrelevant.
Never forget that when you buy an altcoin you are in essence "shorting" bitcoin.
REPLY TO THIS POST WITH THE #1 COIN YOU WANT CHARTED.
WILL BE DOING 5 MORE BEFORE I FUCK OFF.
Ark
TA for Stellar Lumens (STR/XLM) please!
REQ
4491727Sorry here's the reply for XLM
Will be doingXLM ARK REQThanks for the great thread guys!
Such a refreshing thread away from not so discreet pajeets shitting in our streets.
Thanks to you!
I learnt a lot from this discussion and I'm going to follow you on Twitter!
4491752
Please do LRC and NULS, forget the other shitcoins just requested, these two have moon potential
hey op do one for stratis please.
Isn't TA a lot less effective on small market cap relatively new altcoins?
I mean moons usually happen with those because of news and that's more FA
Weekly chart shows signs of life...But the sell pressure is immense due to all the pink wojacks who bought the pump....
Any chance you could do a TA for XRP???
very nice anon, rare
technical analysis>literally a tool to make retards think they can predict the markets>never hear anyone say "i got rich off of technical analysis"
VTC please
4492189
SUBstratum please.It's on Binance.
Thanks to you mancould you take a look at ETH ?
who is paul tudor jones
Hey could you do ripio credit network
Xmr
ARK
who is one man>who is every other investor who are vastly more rich that jones>who is when 1000 people bet on a coin flip, after 10 rounds 1 person will be correct all of the times statistically>what is logic?
does it involve my feelings in some way?
on my twitterI'm a decent example...
I've done alright with TA
is this where fundamentals kick in?
when you don't know what alpha is, so you think not losing money means that you are a good investor
Yes.4492205

Moon, ark!
I summon thee!
it's okay to be salt that you buy the top and sell the bottom.
Given the state of crypto I understand, it happens.
But please remember there is no need to be upset :^)
what the fuck happened here?
A whole new generation of cRipple bag holders were created...Don't see REQ on tradingview SorryIF ANYONE HAS ONE LAST REQUEST SPEAK UP NOW
BTG-ETH if it's there, if not someone else can have the last request.
Thanks in advance.
TENX
also, if you would like to ask me questions after this thread expires or would like to support mefollow me on twitter @ThinkingUSDI do not trade stratis I will FUD that shitcoin into the ground.
I hope it goes to 0
Still requesting ETP, it's on tradingview.
Also, 1H candles starting from just after that massive wall on the 20th at 10:00 PM
would you personally say ripple is a good time to get in or is it a certified shitcoin?
4492348Thanks for the insight.
The FIB retracements I did for TA seem to match up with yours to a degree.
ARK heavily relies on it's 36-37k sats support at the moment imo.
when I don't mention crypto, but youre so assblasted that you lost money in crypto that you have to rationalize your losses by assuming others have lost more than you
do SUB please
You left out resistance to prior high on XLM's chart calling for profit taking at over 100%.
Yet here on Ark's chart you are suggesting profit taking at 29%Woopsie
fuug I just sold my LTCdid I fuck up ?
I'm afraid of a big BTC crash, which would take LTC with it
bitcoin-gold/ethereum?
i dont see that pair on tradingview lmaookay that'a a fun one here you go
Never said to take profit there, only an indication of previous resistance confirmed by 3 candles.
Thanks for your advice buddy!
You always use the high of the wick.
Do you ever think it's better to stick to the body of the candle?
implying i'm a losing traderwhy don't you show me some of your calls my man?
on daily charts in my experience yes.
It keeps it consistent.
There are times (Such as blatant stop runs) where I don't use the wick of the candle.
Oh it's there.
No worries though, I'll catch you on Twitter and see what I can learn.
Tenx is a great way to get JUST'd>bag holders love this coin!
Where is the RLC chart?
I refer you to .
i guess ignorance is bliss
muh CAPM muh alpha betamuh index in bull market
are you Lain?
muh financial theorymuh warren buffettmuh billionaires follow the theory
no i'm @ThinkingUSDLain is a faggot and bottom shorter
NEO is just so fucking suspicious right nowim guess this'll be my HODL coin for next year
I'm finally back bruv.
Thanks for the opinion on neo.
Will be subscribing to your twitterBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUY
Could you do Stratis, Komodo and Waves please ?
Much appreciated !!!
Are steve nison's books any good?
who is paul rotter
Could you do one for SLR?