WE ARE THE BITCOIN CASH MARINES WE ARE THE BITCOIN CASH MARINES WE ARE THE BITCOIN CASH MARINES
ITS GONNA MOON BRO JUST TRUST ME JUST KEEP HOLDING :'(
Where's the "bought at $2200" club?
Fucking sold at a 60% loss a few hours ago, i couldnt take this shit any longer, fuck jihan, fuck koreans and fuck their shitty bithumb exchange.
Fuck me if you want to Fuck.
same, sold at 0% profit.couldn't sleep because it might go down while I was sleeping.I better not wake up to the flippening
sauce
who's this roastie
the who?
a master in cryptopsychology
>WE ARE THE BCASH MARINESFixed it for you OP
4366842are you retarded
nobody can possibly be this stupidwho would sell an asset in an accumulation phase?
it's not crashing, it's not even dipping.
you people are truly brainlets and will definitely not make it
I think you're the one who's retarded
they're not real, they're FUD bots
Junetara, the founder of Bcash.
who would sell an asset in an accumulation phasekekalways the same shit
Did you forget the slow bleed that happened last time BCH went up?
let me find a list of coins this has been said about....you're going to be accumulating all the way down to 1050
This.
I want bch to fucking die and btc to take the ath again, but normiebase is adding it soon.
it's about to get more volume.
but normiebase is adding it soon.They're adding a wallet for people to access their BCH and offload it.
They never specifically said anything about buying and selling it as far as I know.
Plus "soon" is in early January
It's no later than 01 January.
My mistake then
Same.
Sold recently at no loss.
Fuck chinks.
Koreans are dumping it.
Chech market volume at bithumb.
They are literally getting rid of the shit
Why would they only do half the coding job with this?
I get it, you think it's a shitcoin, and it is just that but if they are going to add it in one way, why not also make money off of people exchanging it?>BCH and offload itThere is going to be such inherent volume for BCH due to a likely large amount of normies who didn't even pay attention to it until coincuck said something about it.
So with that, why not let the 'free market' (actually controlled by Jihan &co) determine what the price will be?
I'm sure they know of the faggotry happening, but if cuckbase wants extra volume/cashflow then this will happen i think
muh whales are accumulatingThis is a clear sign to get out asap
>mfw