Serious, I don't trust this month or the next...>segwit cancel>Tether bitfinix scandal>Confido thing being dumped on Sunday>BCH bull run>Holidays are upon us people won't be as focused.
I cashed out some of my beloved alt coins for BTC and sold them yesterday.I started to question why I only had $3k in my bank account but over 20x that in my fucking crypto portfolio so i cashed out 15k.We're all doing this for money right, very few people apart from super early adopters actually give a fuck about the hippy bullshit decentralized currency vision, unbank the banked meme ect..
Yeah in my experience my portfolio pumps 20% after each 50% BCH pump and then i usually miss the point to sell and have to wait until the next trimestrial megapump.But i already sold monero too early and felt justed afterwards...
Basically what I'm saying is don't forget the reason why you joined this crypto meme in the first place and remember to actually take out some profits now and then, if you're stuck holding in another mt gox like crash you're gonna be completely fucked
Ya I'm going to be cash out into my bank, maybe keep 30% maybe 20% in LTC and eth for safety.
This whole market these last few weeks makes it very very hard to make an accurate judgement.
Even with the tech
I’ve cashed out a lot too.
Probably gonna cash out another 26k.
I’m thinking about cashing out and starting again with like 3k.
See if I actually am good or just got really lucky.
segwit canceled for lack of consensus (which is good)tether bitfinex scandal was rumor and then proven falseshitty coins dump all the time, aka scam coinsbch bull run ran short and its only up from the previous floor which was 600, it sat at 300 forever thoholidays are only going to increase things.. lot of downtime and going to the computer after spending x so many hours with the family
I started with 2k and I now have 3k I dont want to cash out until I have ,000 dollars
Not to fud, being serious but historical speaking btc has dropped in price during the holidays well into the new year.
Only to pick back up around tax season.
I'm just looking off of coinmarketAlso I just read tether ceo was hit by tax evasion in italy