Bought my first 10k today at 0.045 cents.
What am I in for?
A nice ride that ends with you being rich.
Is there much more one can ask for?
How much do I need to make it?
I will be accumulating but what is a good target to aim for?
k-1kil to retire
Request.network research document.https://docs.google.com/document/d/168GRr4WmmTCAMMkyE-3UfoWWOXj2Ccr0n5S0jfYdiLU/editHave you guys checked out the Q&A post on the medium?
A BIG world of PAIN, Its like being deluded linkies and arkies but version 3.0
Req will destroy both OMG and IOTA.
It will be the premier payment conduit in everything after ethereum scaling solutions are implemented.If chainlink works that is.Did I mentioned YCombinator is extremely aggressive?
thank you anon, this is what shilling should be.Not an insult, everyone has their bags and they want to promote them to others.
There's nothing wrong with that.
It's nice to see real research instead of wojaks and greentext.
>tfw only 1.6k a-am i gonna make it bros?
if I bought $1000 how much req would I get
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
a little more than 20k.
Thanks, I've written a few research documents and do take requests for doc's at my email.
I think offering real information is only proactive for the community even if its a scuttle shill
is it worth it?
Every day kind of feel a little more like going all in on this bad boy, walking away for 6 months, and coming back and seeing how it went.
The rest of the crypto space is so sleazy right now.
Seems like REQ have their shit a little more together than LINK or other coins that get shilled here every day.
And they have amazing institutional support.
Memes aside, YC is about as good as it gets when comes to indicators for success in this field.Just waiting for it to bottom out so I can move my ETH over at this point.
No one knows.
I have 30k.It's a moonshot.Pros:Good team with good backing.Good concept.Open communication.Actual product is launching this year.Cons:It's been the shitter since it's ICO.
So it doesn't seem to have faith from buyers.Not good for short term moon mission.
what's ICO?>I'm sorry>newfag
Initial Coin Offering.IPO for Crypto world.
thanks a bunch, so helpful
Hodling 111k here.
Just wait till this BTC vs. BCH drama is over..
I had a position of 30k from below ICO price.
Made a nice profit and reduced it down to 12k while acquiring some more LINK.
I think REQ pumps in December upon the initial release and more in Q1 2018