Everything in the title.Currently working and saving 350$ / months into crypto.
Recently invested in REQ / LINK / ETH and AST (this one is finally quite bad but I'll hold I guess)I'm wondering if taking a bank loan of 10.000$ and pay 300$ / month is better than just throwing 300$ / month into crypto.
I'd prefer have 2000$ in REQ when it moons.
Also have 5000$ in ETH would be nice.What do you think biz ?
I'm not an hardcore daytrader so I don't take that much risks.
>dont take much risks>taking out bank loan to invest in the most riskiest investment vehicle known to manpick 1
I get it but what I try to say is that I can pay my loan and it will not change my way of life.
Man that's literally the worst plan almost anyone has ever typed up on here.
As promising as those coins might seem they are the biggest gambles I can think of out of any of the randomly shilled shit around here.
Except ETH
Ok.
I doubt it's the worst plan ever (when I see people gambling with 50K and loose everything).
But ok, I understand it's a bad idea.
I mean if you just slowly invest into BTC ETH and LTC and leave a little room for Alts and HODL five to ten years, you should be good mah nigga That's what I would do
Don’t do it...The reasoning is that you want 10K for the meme get-rich-quick gains but more likely than not, you’re just going to get stuck hodling huge bags.You can put those $300/month into high yielding ETFs and make out better in the long run.
Yup but problem is : We are in a beautiful and nice bubble and bull market.
BTC is mentionned litteraly everywhere.
I don't see this bubble growing during 5 more years.
For now I'll keep your strategy but not so sure about the futur of crypto (in term of $ market value)
doesn't sound like you're in a good position to pay off the principal in case things go badif you don't care about $300 and want risk, why don't you just go x100 shorts or longs with the $300 each month?
Mmmm already gain 150$ by buying LTC low, well that's half day work gained in one month ...Same with monero : gained 200$.
You guys feel rich with 200$ gain ?...
No dude.
Here's some logical thinking depending on your scenario1.
LoanYou take loan, then you have to pay for its interest.
That's a *fixed* amount of dollars you need to SPEND every month.Crypto is a volatile yet risky market.
You could lose by being delusional.
Thus, throwing some hefty amount of dollars (from your loan), could do either thing; to profit or to lose.
That's a 50% chance you'll win.2.
300/month into cryptoYou get a win win ratio.
Because 1) you still have your monthly salary, 2) you could still win the crypto market by investing or hodling to some coin.
Thus, you won't lose any money on this.
Just that your 300 is at stake.If i were you, I don't add more to my liability.
I'd choose number 2
Ok good point and clear explanation.Thank you anon, will keep the same strategy.Also hope you guys are on ETH because if there is a little breakout it might goes nuts !
Cheers
i took a loan out on wtc when it was $1, made my yearly salary in one month.if you do it just don't be dumb.
Ha nice to see someone who tried it !What you've done is exaclty what I would like to do.
I feel that LINK / REQ / maybe RCN could have similar gains so this is why I asked the question.
I don't feel being a "dumb" guy.
I mean, on average I don't make bad trades, don't buy high (only Link I bought high because i'm too much interested in the project).What made you taking a loan to invest in WTC ?
do it, take out the loan.
but put it in better coin.
I took out a $10K loan in May and was lucky enough to ride the ETH train.
overall i've been very lucky, but also smart about the coins i put money in now.
it takes balls to do what you want to do.
everyone will tell you it's a bad, dumb fucked idea.
FUCK THEM it's your money and in life you must take risks to get ahead... do it, i did it and it worked .
i quit my job of a few years and now all i do is trade once in a while but mostly hold all in BTC and NEO (bought when it was ANS) i would split that $10K like so, $5 BTC and $5 NEO.
I hold NEO ALOT of it and will sell when it hits $100.
Don't chase pump n dumps cause you'll get fucked.
Hold those 2 and you'll be good come back in a year and you'll be very happy!!
oh yeah , don't listen to BIZ we're a bunch of fucken degenerates , shisters, ......just listen to me cause i too took out a loan and it worked out.
best of luck.....remember NEO and BTC
If you stay reasonable you can take a small loan to avoid losing time.However never ever exceed your paying capacity based on your wages alone.
i forgot get a nano ledger S to store your coins.....
Well done dude, congrats.Yes NEO and BTC are strong coins.
Don't forget you took a loan when it was ANT so it was more risk / reward.
This is what I'm looking for, NEO will make gain but not "great" gains.
Maybe x2 max in a few months but I don't see more.
This is why I try to find the new ANT gains.
Do you have any idea ?
I plan to do the same as you : If there is an opportunity on ETH going 5k on ETH and going 5k between potential gems.
If you are wanting to borrow funds you could try to get a credit card with 0% interest for a year.
Then just use that at coinbase.
You hopefully will have earned enough in a year to pay it way down.
He's right... plenty of 18 month interest free offers, can always roll balance over to another 18mos offer over and over!