Dcorp gonna explode in the next 2 days.
Low market cap gem with an actual project.
Dont miss out boys
>an actual projectas with most other low caps toowhats happening in 2 days?
why would anyone use this?
how soon is the next major development?If you can answer the above you're just another pajeet shill i want to kill
shhhh...
Can or can't ?2 days is my estimate for market cap to triple.
Tokens were released for trade yesterday and volume been growing ever sinceIts one of a kind decentralized venture capital firm that will have normal people vote (token holders) for the funded projects.
Thats releasing this december.
They also have a dex releasing q2 2018.
You guys have no idea how big this is going to be.
This is one of those you should sell your house and go all-in on.
But why?Dividends - stock fags will pay $10+ for a stock that gives $1 in dividends.
DCorp only has to make 8 million to be paying out $1 in dividends.>But anon, how will they ever make so much money?They're going to have a DEX that offers leverage and derivatives.
Derivatives in the stock market are worth 10x the GDP of the entire planet.Finally, they're also doing a VC firm where token holders vote on whether an idea should be pursued.
So all you "idea guys" can pitch your shitty idea to the sharks and the best will be funded.
This will also be a great source of revenue.If you're not all-in on this, I feel sorry for you.
See you on the moon faggots
no one gives a fuck about the venture capital platform, what is destined to failthe only interesting thing is the derivatives market, which won't be until maybe June next year
Thanks for the explanation.
I cant be bothered to write that much on 4chan.I mentioned vc firm cuz 4chan fags are all ADD millennials with no patience.Get in quick boys...this will actually make you rich
Is there a time limit on choosing which coin you want?
I have 2k DRP
I think before DEX release in 2018
The market cap isn't particularly low, around 10 million right now.
Seems about right for a project that won't bear fruit until next year.
It's gonna implode not explode.
Market is gonna jump into Bitcoin Cash and everything else will be down.
FUD alert
VC platform release this december
Your imagination cant comprehend the amount of projects we already have in store ready to get submitted and funded as soon as the VC platform launches.Also drpu will be listed on hitbtc 1st of december.
Token changer will be made available a day prior.Our aim is to boost our marketing in order to maximize the effect of hitbtc.Also keep our telegram clean lads, we dont forgive trolling when its done too many times.-adminfag out
4chan fags as usual buy into shitcoins then when someone actually gives them an opportunity zero fucks... dont say /biz/ never does anything for you stay poor