So Bitcoin Segwit is fucked in the long run if they don’t fork?https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7crhga/now_is_the_most_dangerous_time_to_hold/
this is correct, that's why Jihan was encouraging core to up the block size.
bitcoin is now forever crippled by the new BCH difficulty algo.
Yes, mainly because of the retarded hodl meme shitcoin core cucks tried to spread.
shitcoin core stopped being a currency a long time ago and the only reason why it's rising is because of the greater fool theory.
and what happens when people start taking profits and stop buying?
shitcoin core is literally useless and will die out.
lets hope roger dumps all his btc, fuck corecucks and their bankster-approved blockstream coin
Checkmate but when does the markets get this?
please buy bch right now today okay
Yeah, fuck the banks.
Now off to more shit to make the mining conglomerates happyProtip: They're both shit and should be phased out by something better
I don't believe a fork would save them.
An emergency fork would further deteriorate their credibility.
you can't stop centralization, it's literally impossible in a free market
Yes, but if we dont kill BTC now we will never be able to, whereas BCH can more easily be replaced later.
Sure there are a lot of bcash pajeets in this thread
good thing free markets don't exist then
fuck logic right?
we should choose the least evil and from there work towards the ideal option.
Don't read anything on r/btc its pure bcash propagandaSame with r/bitcoin it's just pure core propagandaJust fuckin stay off reddit in general desu
r/the_donald memespajeet and even redditor.
Sucks to be you anon>fuck logic right?
we should choose the least evil and from there work towards the ideal option.Good goy, keep buying bch.
I am too cynical to spoonfeed you how you are going to lose your money, I'll just profit from it.
Good riddance ;)
Everything is propaganda except for what you believe in your own mind.
Cryptocurrency markets as of this moment are pretty much a free market, you're an idiot.
there are a lot of redditors with their segwitshitcoin in here
Segwit [Future] marine here
it's /pol/ meme you fucking normie redditor
What's the difference?
So out of the following strategies what would /biz/ do...1) 50/50 across BTC/BCH2) Hedge in ETH/XMR3) Cash out to fiat while the blood bath drys up a bit
greater fool theoryExactly, BTC is just a ponzi at this point.Anyone hodling right now and stuck in the mempool should count their lucky stars that the flippening didn't happen on saturday.
/50 ETH/BCH
He already tried but got cucked by wallstreet, your bitcoin judas can't do shit.
There are more pro-BTC whales that out number him.
zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-13/mysterious-bitcoin-dip-buyer-identified
not pajeet, just an old school bitcoiner from abroad.we need new blood in bitcoin or it will die as dino.
bcore cant deliver, we can all see it right?
You have to go back.
Roger hasn't sold yet.
if you don't know there is no difference it is you who has to go back>/pol/>not reddit since at least the fappeningand I am being generousyeah sure, an old school street shitter is what you are.
Kys.
Cryptocurrency markets as of this moment are pretty much a free marketHoly shit thank you for reminding me why I make so much money in this market
Tomorrow, 6:30 pst
literally kill yourself you redditor piece of shit newfag
Another random though, could this pump and dump be a part of a bigger picture.Pump the coin, everyone thinks this is it and jumps to BCH.
Dump it so everyone holds bags.
Communities cry over their losses wanting BCH to rise again to empty their bags this will have that extra level of support and advertisement over the next few weeks
Ponzi scheme is a business structure where new members are required in order to fulfill the dividend obligations that the org has made to older members.
Your analogy has no relevance here.
It's just something that you thought sounded cool and smart on mainstream news media.
>all the hashrate and normies go to bch>difficulty adjusts>everybody flees from btc and upvotes other crypto>core is free make a superior product that will eventually be a threat to the government normies are propping up through supporting centralized cryptocurrencies¯\_(ツ)_/¯
fuck off nigger, i dont even support a free market but it's plain as day obvious to anyone that isn't brainlet that something that isn't regulated is a free market
lol
fucking based dude
keep spouting your ignorance anon, I find it amusing4355918obvious shills are obvious

At the end of the day Bitcoin and all its forks will crash.
Bottom line hey!
Crypto backed by millions and millions of dollars in dedicated ASIC hardware is going to crash.
You do realise development on Core has been stalled for 4 years so Adam "Venture Capital" Back could implement his second layer solutions with built-in rent seeking.Ethereum literally wouldn't exist if it weren't for Blockstream (and one bitcoin would likely be worth 50k+).
HAHAHAAHAHAHHAHA oh FUCK this newfag thinks 4chan isn't Reddit these days.Thanks for the kek anon