Accumulation complete, you didn't think the price was stable for no reason did you?
fucking delete this.
im still waiting for my funds to hit
Nice, just locked 100k.
why do you think binance is going to send this to the moon?
no ones gives a shit about ETP anymore, it had its day in the sunit's on binfinex ffs, how much more volume do you want
good argument poorfag.
i guess their team sucks and stuff.
Dude, you've been shitting on every coin with that dumb as fuck name tag of yours in every thread.
We don't want, and don't need you new fags here, leave.
And if you're really looking for an answer, binance offers more exposure because it is primarily an altcoin trading exchange, ie.
more accessible to normies.
Has their light wallet been released I dont see it on their website?
This will get to about half of neos marketcap so you are looking at a 10x short term.
Then both tokens are due another 3x before end of year.
You're wrong here...altcoin market is performing very bad for the last few months.
ETP is not forgoten and should be at least in the top 20 on coinmarketcap.
Watch closely this coin for a day and you'll se there is some hardcore accumulation going on.
I'm not even such a fan of metaverse (I'm more of a Waves fan), but yeah there is some big accumulation going on.
Dont need 2000000 different platforms.
Nobody ever talks about how this is better than neo, so it tells me that it isnt.
It will eclipse NEO.
Hahaha I'm sorry but that sums up /biz/, no research until FOMOing a buy HAHAHA
It doesn't need to be better than neo, if you dig deeply into both they're targeted at different audiences.
Even if it reaches a quarter of Neo's cap and half of Qtum's, it's still 4-5x.
I have held my ETH investment since late 2016 and it's still the project I have the most faith in, but that doesn't mean I'm not open to other short term opportunities.
How is it better than neo?
You shilling it to me without any supportive arguments tells me that you're just a retarded neet with 5 dollars in etp
Well for one (I could list several) it has a partnership with one of the most influential VC for Chinese US investments.
I don't see NEO with anything like that.
Im not digging into shit because I'm happy with my few thousand neo.
I always read those etp threads and they always disappoint because only 5 year old shilling trash participates.If you want to target real money, then the reasons for why this is better than other platforms need to be in the 1st post.
Some random garbage getting excited about it doesnt inspire me to do research
Man, everything is better than Neo...Neo is just the most hyped up thing of this summer...shitiest of the shitcoins that went retard after rebranding and talking about how it's the chinese eth and chinese were never even buying neo.
Why are you getting so defensive?
I never said it was better than other platforms, and in terms of exposure it's far behind.
This does not mean that it doesn't have short term potential though, money is money and if I can make a flip on a project, I will.
Chinese project >Majority of investors are white beta trash like yourself >Garbage tier reception from its intended audiences You do you big boy.
I've been watching this coin for days...there are one or two whales who having been keeping the price suppressed with walls and dumps...my guess is they are trying to accumulate before some good news sends it to the moon
Honestly I would recommend putting 5-10% of your portfolio into this.
The potential benefits outweigh the risks at this point.
There are some scalability issues that I'm waiting a response on but it doesn't seem to be moving from the $3 range so I bought in.
Delete this you before it gets reported.
Binanace will retract its listing.