OR FOMO IN AT A $ AGAIN
Whoever didn't buy the dip is retardedMoontime!
I hope you all bought that juicy dip.
shit i'm putting $10K in this just in case....
proof or it didn't happen
CHECK BINANCE YOU AUTIST!
NULSwhere do i buy, where do i get a wallet?
can i use pay pal to buy?
can i use pay pal to buy?
You have to download the coins on blockfolio.
LMFAOBtw, China is buying, they don't give a shit about what we think.
So if some of China buys after knowing about it after a day... imagine later.
discord please?
Everything is on their website man!
They can actually read the news articles.
a chinamen posted an article here yesterday claiming it said this would be part of "one road one belt" but damned I f I knew to believe him or not.
Google translate leaves a bit to be desired.
No one here reacted so I assumed it was bullshit...
Their telegram seemed to be the only thing with an active community
Yea.
dude was good information, I read them too, he said it was the last time he was posting because people were just talking shit for no reason when all he wanted to do was make /biz rich :/
/bizSTOP THIS SHIT
-18%, am i missing something here
 /no

I know... everyone on biz/ has to be an edge lord :(
MOOOON
I agree.
ALL IN
fuck you
WE MOONING AGAIN YESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
>meanwhile, on binance
Wew lad went from being down like 600 to up 200 im out fuck this coin
BEAUTIFUL BABY!
FUCK YEAH.
Hold your bags.
This is just the beginning.
IT'S A SHITCOIN THEY SAIDFAGGOTS CHINA DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU
Plz no dumpy guys :($1 should be our baseline.
STAY POOR FAGGOT!
Yesssssss.
NULS to the moon you fookin pajeets.
GTF IN OR STAY POOR
Enjoy my bags pleb
lol IN SINCE .17 FAGGOT.
it's a scam they said, it's dead they said, fuck you ...look at thi sshit come back from the dead ... and it's got news on monday$$$$
This is beautiful.
Go to coinbase, buy bitcoin/eth.
Go to binance, setup account.
Send money there and buy before it’s too late.
New platform.
Team already has business connections, awards and is on board with some major Chinese projects.
40m circulating supply.100m total.Github to be updated with their main net code on Monday.Whitepaper to be updated ( first one was beta, it was in the filename)Yellow paper in a month ( that means a purely technical one, right?
)Price higher in China than in the West.
They seem to like this one.Just got out of a technical correction.Under 1$.Under 1$.Under 1$.Under 1$.Under 1$.Under 1$.
HERE WE GO NULS BROS
WHO'S COMFY?
i hold 54K ahhahahaahah im fucken COMFY $$$$$
got in at .31 from OP's og thread.
Almost sold last night during the massive freefall to 8k.
Decided to grow the fuck up and HODL for more than three days.
% in at 26c, 27, 30c and 99c.
I never been that comfy in my life.
I should be embarrased.
And yes thanks top based OP who tipped /biz on this one.
This.is.amazing.
4296126YOU'RE WELCOME
Someone give me a Referral code for Binance - going to transfer some out of Bittrex to get these NULS
Ref ID 10061806Here you go.
are the mega dumps behind us now?
It will retrace to 10k sats and then go back up again.
It has to correct.
ah to late sorry man - I sent over 2 LTC so I'll test the waters on these NULS, hope you guys are right.
Nobody listened to me when I said ETC today to busy busting on the BCH, but I've made 40% going back and forth on Forks between BCH and ETC
i hold 54K i bought at 12-13 and you little bitches selling now!!!
HODL this shit... AMA next week learn how to hodl a coin for loner than 1-2 days u cunts!!!
crypto is for strong hands!!!!
FFS It's taking forever to transfer from Bittrex to Binance
YES
Just use Neo/ETH next time.
LTC is some slow ass shit idk why.
Does LTC share BTC's tech?
Okay just bought 200+ NULs what's the set sell point for this one guys?
If it's good I'll get another 800
Sell at $5.
Re-buy at $3 for push to $10.
Guess what.
I bought near the ATH.
You will be fine in a week.
Can it be more obvious?
Is /biz/ this blind?
Did you notice the indian colors?
Orange and greenWhat did they mean by that
7 day graphPoo in loowhat did brainlets mean by this?
Nice rare tard-Wojak.
the 7 day graph accounts for half it's total existance.
How astute of you.