things that normies say about crypto>but the bank guy said that is a bubble
by the same people who did the subprime mortgages.
why ppl still believe in these are beyond my knowledge
>gambling
>it’s so hard to buy into!
> Stop sending me blockfolio screenshots!> When does the big crash finally come so I can get some BTC too?My friends
Annoying.
I'd probably hate you too, anon.
"Don't touch me there while I'm asleep""Anon a no is a no"
my dad allways tells me that bad guys can hack bitcoin or put a virus into bitcoin.
I am very afraid
>Good luck cashing out!
The IRS is going to jail you once you get your money out!
You send fucking Blockfolio screenshots to your friends?
Bitcoins are exactly the same thing as tulips.
feels good to not be americanmy country doesent even know what crypto isi just pay my 5% tax and be done with it
I know, that's why I do it
Sure I do.
They laughed at me 3 years ago and spent their money on blackjack and hookers.
Revenge is the sweetest thing.
I cant even imagine how salty you are after loosing 3 years of your life for some little profit while your friends probably have some legit good times..
Well if you dislike your friends and want them to genuinely despise you then I guess that's a solid plan
>That's just a ponzi scheme
Kek
My best friend of 25 years - I'm best man at his wedding in a few months - has gone full normie on crypto.
This dude never normies, and it's not like it's a rift, but I did 676% on BTC this year, and his brain is stuck.
For standard normie convo...>Nice car.
Must be nice to come from money.I came from a shithole and was abused to the point I needed three surgeries.
I left home with nothing at 17.
But I'm frugal as shit, and doing well with crypto.>omg what are you a drug dealer?No.
Never even bought weed I just grew it.>That's what pedophiles use!They probably also use cash?
Idk what to say - obviously you're more hip to pedo culture than me.>That's a bubble and it's going to pop!Bubbles pop all the time.>It's just gambling!You want to bet on a game of pool?
I'll show you how riskless my gambles are.>The gubmint's gonna pass laws on that!They did.
It's property, and relevant laws apply.
I've been reselling from estate and garage sales for a decade, I know what a taxable event is.>Yeah well good luck with that.
I have an fund with percent matching.Why?
Lemne guess... 5.9% ROR and your employer matches 3 or 6%?
You know you could just stick that in a Roth or better yet eat the taxes and buy into an 11% semi-liquid index fund, right?>Yeah like YOU know.I kinda do.
>Then why isn't EVERYONE making money?Because most of them are as stupid/impatient/immature/uneducated as you.
They want to make the same gains as self-educated experts without all the work of self-educating.>My financial advisor-Probably sold you his friend's whole life insurance, and would look like a retard if he sat down at a table with me.>So why aren't YOU rich?Because I didn't win the lottery?
Do you understand how wealth works?
I'm getting there.Ahhhhhh.....
I needed to vent.
Sry for the off topic autist-tier faggotry.