Seriously, have any of you 'made it'?
I'm just about to take the plunge into crypto after studying it all 8 hours a day for the last 6 monthst.
student with $5,000 p/m student job while I gather initial wealth
If anyone here "Made it" they wouldn't be posting here.
Got about 350k, if the two tokens im in go 5x each, I'll be good, reqt and link.
I could win the lottery and I'd still be posting here showing off to neets.
I suppose making it means different things to different people.
I'm talking 2 mill or somewhere in that range.
Plenty of people who have made it still post here.
Half the time giving out decent tips too.
An anonymous image board is the perfect place for a rich fuck to blend in
People don't go on 4chan if they have made it.
Someone will always lose.
Buy B2X futures.
I would bet my entire net worth you did not average 8 hours a day for 6 months studying crypto.
You are lying on an anonymous website for....?
We ain't never gonna make it.
not made it yet but building my way up started with 3k in oct, sitting at a comfy 4k now.just hodl my friend, do good market analysis, read whitepaper etc and your golden
How the fuck do I sign up and get involved?
So much information out there that it’s confusing.
Any 101s on where I can easily buy my first currency?
Coinbase is the easiest
Kinda did though, you just said it yourself why the fuck would I LARP about something so innocuous?
Don't be such a nigger.
I'm a student, as I mentioned, meaning I've got a shit load of spare time (or did till I started working).
kys.
Thanks very much :)
Not true.
If you're rich and especially if you're famous you love the comfort of anonymity because in the real world people are constantly bothering you and asking you for shit.
Student with a 5k/month job?
Do you live in California or NY?
Father's company?
Driving for LYFT?
pinkwojakintensifies.jpg
It's impossible to have a job and study for 8 hours a day unless you have no life.
You can admit you exaggerated

Only advice I have to give is don't go all in.
Always keep a warchest of FIAT for when things go fuck.
always assume things will go fuck at some point and plan around it.
Don't bother daytrading, that is literally gambling on the trading speed matching the price matching speed.
Nah, Britfag but I've just chalked it up into dollars cause I know most of you are American.
It's not all comfy, it's a long week but if I do it now I don't need to later.
Don't have any family or a fucking silver spoon so I'm, if anything, at a disadvantage to every other cunt on campus and I'm the only one doing something to get where I'm going
 OP 20 FUCKING 18 GET THE FUCK ON SENPAI AND JOIN US1988 economist
This was prior to getting the job from like May or so till a fortnight ago.
It's basically all I did.
I want to make money, not lose it.
It's totally possible if he's Asian.
You will always be poor because you are trying too hard to fit in.
Just say you read a crypto book once and read some shit online.
No one "studies" something 8 hours a day with no money in it for 6 months.
Then after studying for 6 months comes on here and asks if anyone has made money.
Gtfo
I was specifically asking if anyone *HERE*, browsing 4chan, had done it.
I know it can be done, I wondered if people stayed around when they reached that level.
You don't really get anything out of a degree either but I know plenty of people who are probably in the library right now.
Are you actually retarded?
I refuse to believe you studied 8 hours a day everyday for 6 months.
Even complete autists don't do the same thing every day for 8 hours a day for 6 months straight.
Just admit you exaggerated for anonymous online credibility
Like you said yourself, why would someone LARP about something that makes them look dumb to the average burger with average burger IQ.
Come on dude.
Honestly man I'd have thought keeping money in gold or silver would have made more sense than fiat.
Bit of both?
Silver is more of a long term investment kind of thing.
Gold is mediocre gains for a great risk of crashing for no good reason.
I was referring more to as a store of value than anything else.
Fiat could fuck up real quick, at least with metals it'll sorta hover around the same levels in accordance with inflation.
I heard the analogy of the same amount of gold 200 years ago could buy a suit and that same amount of gold today would do the same.
Maybe that's wrong, I've not looked too far into the metals market except listening to Peter Schiff
>studying it 8 hrs a day the last 6 months>just about to take the plungeI know that if you're operating with more than play money you need to do your due diligence.
But damn... JUST.
Why did it take you this long?
are you lying for attention?
And another person sees through
It's a long story.
Me and my partner were meant to be moving away but I reconsidered my uni transfer because only she was working, so we were broke.
So we put off the move till September.
Nobody would employee me for a few months so I had little to do except read and learn to distract myself from being a skint student.
Basically now all the stars are aligned so I can take the plunge.
That's literally it.
It's not some huge conspiracy.
Plus my degree is computer science so learning about a new technological field was right up my street.
Depends on your definition of "made it" but I bought $1800 worth of BTC in may 2013 and another 2-3k worth in mid 2015-early 2016 and turned it into roughly $150k, 66% of which I've already cashed out
Just wondering man, how come you cashed out so early?
I'm looking to take some out in about 4 years when I've graduated and left campus and everything, but that seems a little premature
He likely cashed out expecting a drop in price due to the upcoming fork and in hopes of buying more for a cheaper price.
$2m isnt all that great..
I probably wouldnt even quit my job for that amount...
I would probably take a lesser position though.
Some of us have NEET dreams.2 Million you could NEET forever.
Even so, 66%?$2m is my aim, anything after is a bonus.
Invest half of it, buy a house and see a bit of the world.
I cant even retire on 2m... thats with me expecting to live 15-20 years after I retire...
I suppose your expectations match your bank balance at any given point.
mill on 4% interest isn't bad to live off of.
Buy some land in the country and post sweet memes all day.
Where do you live lol.
You could live for 200 years on 2 mil in southn wisconsin.
Food and housing is cheep as fuck.
You prolly live in cali or NY and spend 5 dollars on a fucking milk/ coffee.You can buy a 30 acre farm here with a nice house for 300k then just shit in it and eat for 50 years with 1.7 mil lololol.
colorado.. if you want to live in a nice town or denver you could probably get a cheap condo for 300kyeah assuming you can actually get 4% every single year for that long.. yourt gonna have a bad year or 2 and your not taking inflation into account.
I make around 60k a year now... 30 years from now that will be peanuts and 80k MIGHT be equivalent to my current wages if im lucky... my expectations are based off what I currently plan to spend without a mortgage or other major bills, and possibly the need for medical bills
Is this a questions thread?Do I need to and how do I split coins before the fork?
Any lurkers over a million here who are pondering what your next move should be : Come visit me in Asia.Anyone who says they "can't retire" on 1M or even under that, doesn't understand that you can live like a king for $15,000 a year over here if you play your cards right.
e-mail me: imacrackedmachine@outlook.com
If I won the lottery I'd come here specifically to show off to neets
nice try, shill
well like most people we can assume at least 10% of this board actually made it