>Discuss
Bunch of autistic fuckers shilling their shitcoin to other autistic fuckers
It's the best.
I randomly laugh irl when I remember things someone posted her.
Here*
this
by worst you mean best right?
there are plenty of shit boards but i think we stand out because we have an economic incentive to be shit to eachotherit's really beautiful when you think about it
/fa/ is the worst.
Its honestly not even close.
/fa/ is such a bunch of pretentious faggots like holy fuck
seriously... ever since i've been coming to biz i've been cracking the fuck up at the most random times..in the shower..church..class...driving..jesus the memes and reactions and the things people call each other are hilarious
4515867Yes, these guys get /biz/.
I fucking love /biz/ this shit is hilarious.
no one here makes any money
/biz/ has some awesome memes, but still... it's just overrun with shit 90% of the time.
Someone just said it: the FUD is out of control.
Especially against bitcoin.
not even close, this is probably one of the best t b h
link threads alone make /biz/ one of the best boards
thats not the FUCKIONG POINT
I found myself earlier having a chuckle at "fish-head sewer dragon"I fucking love you /biz/ never change.
That's one of the lollest lols I've had on here.
Good save.
Who cares just laugh at the memes and make money.
The guys who run either bch or btc don't give a fuck about you why would you give a fuck about them.
You mean the fud against money skeleton
i'm cryinggggg

this guy gets it
it's a containment board with minimal moderationbest board since /sp/ died
It will be fun to watch the wreckage here when cryptomania implodes.
Yes.>no.
It's the only board that made me money, thanks to the WTC and NEO shill.Talk about yourself.
Ya, it's all the pajeets but on the one side they ads fuding good coins, shilling there shit and begging but on the other side they make you feel so good that you where not born a worthless Indian.
The memes that came from chainlink alone made coming to biz worth it.
Shit is fucking hilarious and I can't even share it with anyone because noone understands any of the shit I do in crypto.
It doesn't even make sense unless you're in crypto or investing.
That's /v/.Also /biz/ is surprisingly fun and not bitter like the average board, or at least compared to them.
Which is funny since this should be the most bitter one after /pol/.
4515867My sides when people start posting song lyrics and pink wojaks
It is worse now than when it was created, that much is for sure
Money skelly is an admitted "communist".
Dude is a zero life experience man child.
Biz made me 3k and got me into making/saving moneyThis is the best board on this site easily
This.
Love the mommy and screaming pink wojack threads lmbo
All the street shitters have killed biz
/b/ is still the absolute worst board by far.
Let’s make that clear.
Spend five minutes there and you can just feel the cringe and teeny angst.
It’s basically the lobby of 4chan where people go before figuring out what specific interest they’re into.This.
/biz/ makes me money and makes me laugh.
It educates me.
It keeps my up at night and wakes me early in the morning.
Quality has gone down recently but in general, this board has good users.
/g/ and /sci/ types.
My kind of people
finding biz and 4chan in general back in August was one of the best things that happened to my lifethe scathing cynicism and memes just suit me so well.
I find myself laughing randomly throughout the day remembering shit I read here.
I've had some laughing fits that were more pleasurable than busting in a girl