Listen up, retards.
I have a non-shitcoin to share with you.Before the end of the month Decred will announce the completion of Lightning Network integration, being the first altcoin to do so other than Litecoin.
The price is low as fuck right now and Charlie Lee is guaranteed to pump it, as he has done several times before.Before the end of the year privacy features will be announced, likely making Decred one of the top privacy coins, along with Monero.
Ledger integration is also nearly finished.In Q1 2018 Decred will achieve full DAO functionality, firmly cementing its position as the top governance coin, ahead of the Dash scam which has a market cap of over 2 billion.Buy now or cry later.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Holy shit, someone with a brain on /biz/?
Decred will be one of the chosen few to survive and be implemented into the real world when the crypto boom is over in 5 years.
non-shitcoin>Decredlmao
My bags are heavy but I truly believe in this project, longterm hodl.
Everyone should atleast own some coins, it's the better Bitcoin™.Also great coin if you wish to forget about it and come back years later.
Yeah, it hurts seeing shitcoins moon will solid coins like Decred stay under the radar.
But I strongly believe our patience will pay off.Absolutely.
It has a very loyal community and a very dedicated and talented team.
And it's self-funded governance system will allow it to ramp up the marketing and hire even more devs.Glad I'm not the only one here to see the massive potential of this one.
Do an ounce of research.
This coin has some of the strongest fundamentals around.
Shut up, im trying to accumulate over here
I have over 3k so I'm pretty much done accumulating at this point.
But if the prices stay this low I might pick up a little bit more.
What do you think this coin will go to in 2018?
I don't know, but I probably won't consider selling until it's in the top ten.
I could see that happening in 2018, but who knows.I'm excited to see the roadmap for next year.
I suspect they will add smart contract support (they have a slack channel for discussing smart contracts).
With LN, privacy and smart contracts they'll be basically unstoppable.They're also trying to get listen on more exchanges.
With the proposal system we could pay the listing fee to get on exchanges like Binance.
They're also doing translations to Korean and other languages, so it could really blow up if the Asians pick up on it.
Im thinking about dumping all the DGB I have with the recent spike and grabbing some of these.
I don't have a ton invested, but Id love to put what I do have in the right place
solid team>relatively low market cap>many upcoming developments>they already have a working product>decentralized>designed to be faster than Bitcoin>undervalued>store of valueI hope you are right.
thats too complicated for the brainlets(majority)DECRED will be crushed under the weight of it's own valueblockstreamcoin wins
Good stuff.
The price is very low now relative to BTC, so it's a good time to get in.
Currently you need around 80 DCR to buy a ticket (stake).
In the future it should be possible to buy a fraction of a ticket (they'll probably add this next year).BTW, if you check the github you'll see it's extremely active.
They also have a recruiting channel on slack where you'll they're constantly on the look out for even more devs.
They have around 11 mil worth of DCR and a further 400k/month to spend, so funding isn't an issue.
Soon (Q1 2018) the funds will be completely under the control of stakeholders.
Brainlets will FOMO in eventually.
Bitcoin isn't going away, but there's still room for competitors since Blockstream is crippling it.
DCR is my golden girl.
I'm currently accumulating more of it with the profit pump&dump altcoins for months.
If DCR does not make me rich, I will completely give with altcoins and stay on btc.Patience is the key for projects like Dccred.
I hate the fact you have to lock up your DCR for a long time to stake them
without it, it would be easily manipulated and its governance would have no meaning
This shitcoin will get delisted from Bittrex soon.
Screencap this.
Digits confirm.
Right.
If you have skin in the game you have an incentive to vote in a way that will maintain or increase the value of DCR.
You're an absolute handicap.