Total Crypto Volume is crashing.
Only Warning.
Be greedy when others are fearful.
Thanks Oldfag.
Bought your dip posts the last two weeks.
Bought more for your ATH post.
Sold at your Bull Trap Warning.
Dumping everything else now.
K-keep us posted.
How to profit off of this
yo do you want to give me your opinion on a whitepaper for an ico that's going to literally change the game 110%?I'd need an email, or something along those lines.
thiswill be a big breakout.
everyone's waiting to see what's next.
see - once the BTC rocket starts, it's going to go fast.
this is just in time for those new coinbase accounts to be verified.
see you guys at $17K by eoy.
screencap for posterity
Sell you poor cunts, sell and buy back when BTC is 5k.
Don't be a retarded Nig.
Be a rich Jew like me.
Oldfag is MILTEL Retired.
Says there is no flippening.
Therefore bch is running its natural course +10% hype/fomo.
Its place in the natural order of things is 10% valuation of btc.
Btc is being supressed/ oversold due to fear induced mainly by fud.
This may continue to $5,890.
When it is over, btc will rebound quickly to 10x whatever bch is at the time, minus 10%.
The bch scam will eventually be dropped in favor of a bcg scam.
Bcg will eventually be hyped to 1/3 of btc value, but will retain that price after the scam dies down, as it will have a real world use, being the replacement of bch
no tripcode
Fine.
It's Him.
That was the buy warning just befire The Runup to ATH that day.
Did you have a chance to look into Link and Salt?I'd like to know your opinion.Also, it feels to me like BTC will go back up to 8200 or so, then crash to 5000.
What we saw today wasn't enough of a correction.
What do you think?Email me at crypto@cryptotakeoff.com if you want to discuss trading and research.
And like clockwork, oldfag posts, bch crashes.
We have a real life Reddington.
K-keep us posted.
Step up your crytpo game: add me on Skype @cryptoanna
Volume's dead and the BCH top was neat.
Time to short it, if you're into that.
My "shirt"is on 10x.
YOLO.
https://r.indahash.com/participate/2492.html
Are you an operator?
I don't see any scars.
I don't add any non operators.
Wow.
That sound like a deal breaker, Oldfag.
Dont know ANY femanons on here that are operators.
Bumped in to Angie Jolie at a Yacht Show in Anchorage last fall.
She is still pretty tight.
Bet she could be an irl operator.
I fucking hope the entire market crashesI need this
BCH TRIPLE TOP FULLY DEFINED AND COMPLETE.
BTC POST VERTEX, COEFFICIENT X NEGATIVE.
BTC BROKE 6600 SUPPORT.
OSCILATION 1.26.
FIRE FOR EFFECT!
Flashback?
POST VERTEX, COEFFICIENT X NEGATIVE.going down?
AAAAAAAAAAI hate being a noob.
I have a feeling this is good info but I'm totally lost by this hyperterse jargon/memes.
in an up elevator.
RIP Jimmy Crespo.
It means short if you dare, but if you are not an experienced operator, get as far as you can from the battlefield and watch with a high powered scope.
The Triple Top Reversal is a bearish reversal pattern typically found on bar charts, line charts and candlestick charts.
There are three equal highs followed by a break below support.
As major reversal patterns, these patterns usually form over a 3 to 6 month period.>over a 3 to 6 month periodoh crypto
Hi Stockie.
3 to 6 months in stocks is 3 to 6 minutes in crypto.
so how many years pass each night when i sleep
nice
Welp, patterns are indicating a panic sell, but it looks like a slow bleed as smart money stealthily exits, and the frogs stay in the water as it slowly heats up.. Shit to do tomorrow, and I'm sure I'll get a phone call 30 minutes in to sleep.
You kids have fun.
It's been a long 48 hours.