
i want to convert my litecoin into bitcoin, but how would i do this so i have more value in btc then i did in litecoin?
help!
4258651
how much btc do i need to get a tit fuck from this girl?
what are you even asking for rofl
gib monei to my ico than u wil b rish
you have to send your btc here: 17Gt6J1QHz2Wxboa562MzgHB8j4MXfi6tDI will give you ltc in return, 5% more then the btc value
whats the basic idea behind making money on bittrex, like i understand technical analysis and all but all the tutorials im watching are kinda vague on what your objective should be
You make an account then send your litcoins to the wallet in your account fill out an order to exchange litcoins for bitcoins.
If that sounds too complicated for you then you probably shouldn't be in crypto....
Are you basically just buying a bunch of shitcoins and waiting for the price to rise to sell em all back?
How do you make money when you expect the price to drop?
ive done all of that, what im asking is how do you actually make money
Buy low, sell high... this really shouldn't require explanation.
Let me get this straight.
You understand technical analysis but you don't understand how to make money trading?
Get the fuck out of here before you lose all of your money.
I know, im just a little confused as to how to do this.
Lets say i want to convert my litecoins to bitcoins right now, is there a way to do this to be profitable?
Would i take the last?
or the ask?
yeah i understand how forex works but bittrex just seems confusing
 dont be a dick just help me out
4259034Dude, you buy low and sell high.
Nobody knows exactly what is going to happen.
Use your best judgement, TA and fundamental analysis, to try to figure out buy and sell levels that make sense to you and will net you a profit.
Rinse and repeat.
An 8-ball of coke.
If the exchange rate between litcoins and bitcoins is higher now then when you had the litcoins then converting from litcoins to bitcoins will lead to a profit in terms of BTC.
When filling an order consider your time preference.
If you urgently need to convert from LTC to BTC then take the highest bids.
Otherwise fill out an ask and wait for a slightly better deal.When deciding to convert between coins keep in mind the efficient market hypothesis.
The market reacts to information faster than a person can post about new info on /biz/.
Ok now we're getting somewhere.
So basically should my MO always be to just wait for my asks to fill so i always get a favorable deal?I see ltc is higher now then when i first got it, in theory would i want to continue to let it rise before i convert it to btc?
Yes.
Set a sell order at a profit level you're comfortable at.
Once your litecoin sells at a higher price than you bought it, you can set a low buy order, keep the extra bitcoin as profit and just keep riding these waves.
Litecoin is a good one to do this with since it has been fairly stable this year.Watch out for the exchange fees though.
If the spread is too tight, you'll just end up losing money on fees.
I've given you more than enough information already.
If you're still clueless enough need a whole consultation send 1LTC to the following address and I'll actually put effort into getting you to understand whatever it is you aren't getting:LKayArCCccwWjmcDYoPAaTmf3pH3iEZxDF
Thank you for giving me a good straight answer and not being a faggot like some of these other plebs.
Where can i check the exchange rates?
She looks like a hooker in a hotel room, id estimate about .03 to .04
tattoos truly are deplorable