Rewards thread!This thread is for people who've successfully made tons of money in crypto, not low IQ neckbeards who post pink wojacks and jack off to pirated blacked.com videos.Post cool shit you'd recommend we buy with our 10x gainspic related, I fucked her for 2k, came in her mouth
you're the one with a low iq if you paid someone 2k to fuck you, even if it is a pornstar kek
larp
why would you pay to fuck that ugly bitch?
not op but she thicc m8 cmon
who is she, and what is her profession.
If you know what I mean.
would.
100%
No, she's gross.
You can't buy good taste for things.> Larps about high IQ> Buys sex> Sex
Yes why would you ever pay more for something you could get for free?
I must be so low IQ to spend $1500 for a meal at Per Se when I could have eaten out of a dumpster.
Silly me!Not everyone here is a basement dwelling btard with no money.
I came into crypto with 60k in march... made over 15x which wasn't exactly hard to do.
I came into crypto with 60k in march... made over 15x which wasn't exactly hard to do.same, except i came in with 600k in march, made over 15 gorillion wasn't exactly hard to do
jacking off is better and less expensive, save your money.
You can also treat yourself to things for nostalgic reasons.
I've jerked off to her since i was 13-14 years old.
Can't put a price on banging a childhood fantasy.And the only people who worry about how others perceive their tastes are low class peasants who are constantly worried about being judged.
Taste can't assign class :)
how did you contact her and how did you set it up so you could fuck her?
interested in doing the same
Have you seen Sophie Dee's porn?
Bitch is incredible.
Been with my GF for 5 years but if I had $$ to blow I'd fuck this bitch in the ass and then nut in her mouth.One day I'll pay for the pornstar experience.
nice, I raise you this
LARP alert
I can't remember which exactly because this was a while ago, but I think I went through Pamela peaks (booking for porn stars) or Eros.
Either way the person I emailed was her assistant and she set it up very easily.She's worth it, it was fucking ridiculous.
Are you for serial?
No LARP?What was your total cost?
$2k even?
Is that for an hour, 2 hours, the day, etc?
Were there any stipulations, anything you couldn't do, etc?Did you basically say I want to do this laundry list of nasty things to you is that cool?Tell.
I use it to travel.
Have a small house that I basically use as "home base" for storage and travel with everything I need in a large backpack, using my gains to pay for hostels and that kind of thing.
look at the look in this niggers eyes.
"you mad white boi?"
I had her come to my home actually (would never do this with regular escorts or strippers, but felt like it would be ok with sophie plus I live in posh condos in NYC so she probably felt safe as well)Had the 2k in cash waiting for her on the counter, she didn't take it at the end but you want them to know it's there so it's not awkward.Offered her some red wine.
we chatted for a bit, then she made the first move.
Pretty basic, BBBJ, cowgirl to mish, then I just wanted to blow my load in her mouth and get it over with.
Usually with hookers I don't even fuck them because I just like blowjobs, but obviously had to fuck sophie
then I just wanted to blow my load in her mouth and get it over withWould she have let you creampie her?
and also around how long did you have her for, like did she leave immediately after you came or did she stay around for a bit?
I want to do this but my pornstar of choice would have to be lady fyre
she didn't take it in the endI'm assuming you meant at first?
But if she did it for free then GODDAM OP has been blessed by the cryptogods.
It really depends.
I look clean and wealthy so girls let me get away with way more shit.
If you're black, forget about it, most girls won't even see blacks and I won't see girls that see blacks.
(yes I understand sophie is married to a black person but like I said this was a nostalgia bang)If you treat her well she will hang out, talk with you, and won't leave immediately.
I've had hookers chill with me for a couple hours afterwards because they liked me.
They are human beings after all (sort of), so they'll respond like civilian chicks especially if you dick her well.I personal like to pump and get on with my own life, and I kind of let the the girls know this.
If you wanted to hang out a bit after she would, probably until the time limited ended or a little after.
When I made 4k i bought myself a dji Mavic drone because I've always wanted one.When I was up 10k I bought myself some Adidas Ultraboosts for dem comfy walks.When I hit 140k I'm cashing out 40k and buying a Mustang GT 5.0 because I need a new car anyway
I'm thinking of buying a mavic.
Is it worth?
Do you use it a lot?
kg neodymium magnet.I already bought one from a private seller for a botany experiment.
It's awesome man.
If I were you I'd wait for the Mavic 2, it'll be better all around.
Don't even look at the phantoms, they're so big and bulky and the Mavic has all the options of the phantom 4 anyway.
It folds up so nicely and small, I keep and transport it in a cardboard box that was from a pair of sunglasses i bought.
So convenient, as opposed to my friend who has a phantom and he needs a whole backpack to carry it around.It's fast top speed of 40mph.
very fun to fly.
They say 27 min battery life span but I've found its closer to 20.
That's still more than enough for me to get bored during one flight, meaning I have so much time to fly up, check out whatever i wanted to see, fly it around, follow cars, etc.
I have a 64 gig mem card so I record all my flights.
I use it a decent amount but that's up to u personally how much you'll use it.
Time to take it out of the box and unfold it till its up in the air is about a minute so u can deploy it anywhere.
If you have cash to spare and want a drone then go for the Mavic.
Nothing else compares, especially if it's not dji.Pic is all of what I've recorded, I got some really cool stuff.
You can see how often I fly, probably once or twice a week
holy shit i just looked up pornstar excorts and like every girl that i jack off to does them.
When im rich ima fuck so many pornstars
livin the dream
bump.
anyone make any good buys recently?
find me a escort of this tier to celebrate
https://strikerpcs.com/collections/gaming/products/striker-superveloce-iii-i7-7700k-gtx-1080-ti-16gb-ram-480gb-ssd-3tb-hddBought that bad boy
Sophie Dee, Bongistani
pliz gib money poorfag here 12J78kGnewHSJctygjAhHWL2nVbXpFMDdF
she escorts, will cost you about 35-50k though.
lol stop acting like an insideralso lol at paying more than 150 an hour
pajeet acting like he knows this girl or how much she "costs"
low IQ>bangs a glorified prostitute
 no anon shes an escort!
not a prostitute
I'm not an "insider" you dumb faggot.
Just because someone knows more than you about things that don't concern your mom's basement or your computer jack off station doesn't mean they're trying to be "insiders".How do you think these girls make money?
They're all escorts.
Try it.
Hit her up offering 45k to bang her from a legit looking account and she will say yes.
OP is right, she was on tag the sponsor
Mate, you're 35, managed to get rich off crypto, fucked a couple of low tier pornstars you fapped to when you were a kid, and you feel the need to brag about it everyday on the finance section of an anime forum.
You haven't made it.
Yes, I love pissing off you low IQ forever poor wage cucks who cant even make money in the greatest bull market ever to exist.
I also like connecting with others who have made it, and want to learn more about what to buy when you have money.
I'm in my late 20's as well.
I'll have some mercy on you.
Buy Metaverse.
I have 45k coins.
Just know when you make a few grand off your 500 dollar investment I will have made about a million
paid 2k to jizz in this butter face cum buckets mouth>didn't get it on videoLol
$1500 for a meal at per se?So you spent $300 for a meal at per se and bought a $300 bottle of wine that they sold you for $1200?
waits until he has $10,000 to buy $150 shoes that he will wear every day
I brought two friends you buffoon.
you over paid
>tfw spent almost 10k for helping my brother and future sister in law on their wedding and reception costsI figure I'm not gonna get married so I gotta do what I can to help out my little bro
what website can I order this babe?
marrying a literal whore
I didnt have to wait.
I set little milestones for myself for things I needed.
Sure i couldve spent all 10k on hookers and blow but why.
Ive wanted ultraboosts and a drone for a while anyway, this gave me a little incentive to go through with buying them.fuck you, salty bitch
is that sophie dee?>will never cum in her whore mouth.>will never slip my cock into her asshole>will never get blown on the couch by Sophie only to cum on her face and slap her ass as she walks to the bathroom butt naked to clean herself off.Yeah, I should probably kill myself
you can have her for like 2.8 bitcoin.
10k on a weddinglmao (((they))) got you
Not trying to be sour grapes but honestly I really don't find her that attractive.
She's just kinda gross desu.Now, smol girls.
That's more my taste
my fucking fiance wants to spend 30-40k.
I mean we can totally afford it because combined we pull in 250k a year but still....thats hefty money
30-40kthat's peanuts for a wedding, and I'm a dude.
finally make it>have so much money you can fuck anyone you want>still so lonely the only people you have to talk to are channersi-is this the light at the end of the tunnel guys?
what's your secret?
What coin should I buy?
wtf dude.
What type of wedding are you throwing, are you renting out Buckingham Palace for 3 nights?
I got this with my eth profits Also got a nexus 5 to run nethunter on, a good wireless adapter, some rpi zeros, some breadboard kits, and a synth modelling software with my btc profits.I'll also pay off my credit card with the neo I sold this morning.
Free money is good.
this is why you will also be poor
that's pretty gay desu
Yea bud.
lmao you look like a fucking idiot.
Is your name Brian?
4260219It's either Brian or Keith
MFWI also got tattooed as a minor by some junkie who couldn't draw straight lines.T.
Brian
My niggah, also nice baning sopdie dee your me 2 years a head Meta and OMG gonna make me richRomanian hookers btw are good top notch bodys if you like BJs latinas are the best
4260205Oh noes people on the internet I'll never meet don't like what I did to my body or with my own money!
What ever will I fucking do?
im going to taiwan for a nice vacation for 2 weeks for 2k.Grats you played yourself OP
More info plz
not op but why are u assuming his only social contact is on this board?so fucking gay
so fucking gayJust like you!
why would you want this.
It's dangerous and you'd get bored of it after playing with it for 30 min.
Fucking cringe tatto faggot
Deus Fag: Human Homolution
You are very cyberpunk
gross
hahaha, im rich bitch!email me rishen100@gmail.com if you want to learn how to invest in crypto currency
You cucks could always buy into spankchain - 4 days left in their ICO and ripe for team pump
LOL wtf this is their CEO