What's the easiest way to create a token and hold an ICO?
t.pravik pajeet
(1) Pick some vague concept which people on here / reddit are too dumb to delve into but sounds good on paper - such as developing a blockchain based payment provider, a token that solves some random problem in some obscure industry that normies are not familiar with (2) Get a pajeet to knock up a whitepaper, you'll have to pay some extra rupees to get one that has a decent grasp of English to avoid having to proof read everything.
Get them to hype up the obscure thing in (1) being solved by slapping a ERC20 token ontop of the problem.
(3) Enlist your pajeet shill army shock troops.
Again, you might want to go with non-pajeets but as long as their English is decent tier then unleash them onto reddit, 4chan, bitcointalk etc.
(4) Get a non-pajeet, ideally American or European white person to be the "face" of the community.
Keep them at arm's length and give them a script to follow feeding them with BTC / ETH to keep them in line.
This is key because this is the proxy between yourself and hordes of autists, you want someone who is a similar level of autism as the hordes of bagholders so they can relate to one another and the bagholders are kept pacified until exit strat starts.
(5) You'll need to either pay a pajeet to knock up a simple website - ideally in flat-design aesthetic to look CryptoProfessional(TM).
Steal some photos of people that look semi-professional that can't be backtraced to the actual people and stick them on there as the team.
You might want to do ground work of setting up linkedIn profiles well in advance to gain trust.
(6) Get pajeets to hype the fuck out of the run up to ICO.
Shill level 9000.
See all the ETH pour in.
Dump your shitty tokens onto them.The follow up is the exit strategy and will be covered in a later topic.
The follow up is the exit strategy and will be covered in a later topicDon't leave me hanging.
Or did you just exit scam this thread?
2meta4me
Also, I'm more interested in the technical side of things