Waves and Bitshares are DEXes and seems to be only having a working product.
But how do they compare, which one is bgetter at scaling, have a better interface?
I know there's for DEX out there but they're just vapourware at the moment with no working product yet.
Like kyber, request, bancor, District0x etc..
Waves is centralized censored unsecure piece of shitsource: https://steemit.com/bitshares/@eosfan/wavesplatform-waves-security-audit-confirms-some-of-centralization-security-concerns-summary
Waves has an OK enough interface, and it's just a placeholder.
They're currently testing a newer one in closed beta.
If it's anywhere close to their mockup artist renders, should be great.BitShares seem really hard to warp your head around.
Proponents say it's made for financial experts.
Perhaps they're right.There's also etherdelta.
Even if it's restricted to ERC20s, that's a good share of the current altcoin market.
Interface is meh, responsiveness awfully slow and no order matching.
Blocknet seems legit.
Launching in December
oh damn, they can remove shit from the waves platform?
Guess its not decentralised then
it's not that hard, interface is exactly like poloniexhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1949828.0etherdelta is like dex from 2014 xcp, slow and years behind othersother dude is right though, blocknet and barterdex are atomic exchanges, so they are more decentralized but slower.bitshares dex is faster than all centralized crypto exchanges on other handboth are good
Waves isn't centralized you cock mon-due.
If you try to take down the waves network, you can't, it is now impossible unless you pay every node to shut down, which may or maybe expensive to do.Either way, you are a fucking faggot.
Your niggercoin is still on the waveschain just not on the public release platform where normie can even use.
One where you need some knowledge to run you can still buy and sell niggers idiot faggot.Go buy trumpcoin
No thats not the point, if the SEC comes and orders waves to take down all the listed coin they CAN, because the delisted niggercoin meaning its almost pointless.
The government can order WAVES to stop the trading meaning its not actually decentralized and WAVES actually has control over the platform trading.
I like Daniel Larimer, sad I didn't throw money at bitshares earlier.
Bancor has a working product.
The one crypto that isn't complete vaporwave shit is ignored here because of muh jews.