Every Bitcoin will give you 10 Bitcoin Diamonds.The Fork Happens Tonight/Tomorrow.
Binance is crediting users taking the snapshot Today or Tommorow.
Bitcoin Diamond is the real Bitcoin retards.
10 for 1.
I know you are not brain dead anon with your ramlings about dragons and Jihan.
BUY BTC.
; 7800 IS THE FLOOR.FLOOR.HOPE YOU BOUGHT THE DIP RETARDS
I WANT MY BITCOIN DIAMONDS
I WANT FREE SHIT AAAAAAWHERES MY BITCOIN DIAMOND
Is it true you get one star per 10 diamonds?
I bought thirty
These scammy forks are a controlled campaign to make BCH look bad.Reminder that BTG stole private keys, made off with thousands it BTC, BCH & BTG.
cuckstream getting desperate with all these retarded shitcoin forks attempting to devalue BCH.
>Yes it is true.>Mfw I know it is the true BTC Binance is preparing for the upcoming Bitcoin Diamond (BCD) hard fork (estimated to occur on 2017/11/24) with the following procedures:Before the potential fork, Binance will take a snapshot of all Bitcoin balances in Binance accounts (including BTC held in open orders) at Block 495,866.
After we determine the forked blockchain and wallet to be usable and stable, Binance will credit users with their BCD (1BTC will give 10BCD).This is the big one folks.
You get 10 for one.
Buy you fucking retards, imagine a year from now.
Your lady will only want to accumulate Bitcoin Diamond.
Don't be retarded, accumulate.
This is the real fork boys.
This is what we've waited for.>diamonds are forever
When is this happening?
I'm on Binance about to sell everything for BTC, am I late?
What is the expected worth of one of these?
Should I temporarily liquidate my shitcoins for Bitcoin so that I can get (almost) one of these, and then get back into my shitty holds for the week?
I'd give it about 10 hours to Block 495,866.
It looks like trading in alt coins has quieted down considerably, leaving me to believe that everyone has liquidated to buy BTC.
I'm not sure if I'm going to do that, I wouldn't lose too much money selling everything right now, but I don't want to be chasing alt coins that have mooned while I was out of them when I try to buy back in.
4532718Ok, fuck this thread, and especially FUCK YOU OP!
I'm going to do the right thing and do the opposite of what \biz\ says, you fucking shills have only suggested the exact wrong thing so that you can get my money but this time it's not working!
Futures had them pegged at about $30 a coin earlier today according to plebbit.
You get 10 BCD for each BTC.
Thank you, that was helpful.
Hadn't heard much about this, so had a sudden case of fomo.
I think I'll pass on this one though, not worth the losses I could potentially take.t.
Poorfag
I passed on Bitcoin Gold myself but am going to try and get a decent amount of this.
It helps that my main holding is Req and it had a huge pump leading up to the fork today, got out around 870.
I find it very intersting that Eth/BCC/BTG all choose now to pump after doing nothing for a couple weeks.
Makes me think people want weak hands to sell their Bitcoin and this fork could be more than is let on.
Also not much news on it at all outside of Binance, Bittrex hasn't even said they will be giving out coins.
I bought you REQ...
Your*
So do i have to be on binance to get free dia coins?
or can my BTC be at exodus?
when do i have to own coins?
Not like you're gonna miss on many price pumps, just watch https://blockexplorer.com/ closely and wait have your BTC in your Binance wallet just before the 495866 block and you can rebuy your shitcoins just after (as far as I know)
Probably a decent buy, it seems to be holding steady around 830 while all other alts have started selling off.
I don't expect to get in much cheaper than what I sold at tomorrow morning when I wake up, I was hoping the fork would hit before I went to bed but not gonna happen.
That's what I was thinking, but I have also been thinking lately that I should always do the opposite of what I was going to do when it comes to trading.
Might still consider it, but I'll try to cut it kind of close on time.
Where can I find info on this, first I'm hearing of it.
Welcome to CME era crypto, where there will be a new fork every fucking month and they will just juggle around the money and disinformation so you won't know where to put your money...BTC, BCH, BCD, BTG....but the ones who will know where to put the money, are CME, and they will profit from this era of chaos and confusion.
Crypto is turning into the equivalent of roulette machines at casinos.
Just cuckstream trying to muddy the waters with more forks since BCH is hot on their tail.
That and trying to stop the flippening by getting ppl to hold for another shitfork
Could this be the unsafe practice that eventually pops the crypto bubble?
They can pretty much pinpoint what caused the crash of 1929, 2008, etc., I'm wondering if this could be the beginning of the end.
well, from what I am learning, if bch "wins" and officially kills btc, it will be the end or damn near at least for a good while.
I know you are not brain dead anon with your ramlings about dragons and Jihan.Kekd
>More free money to make off of retard when Bittrex adds tradingThe comfiest feelAlso I can't wait to drop BTC (and BCH) holy shit all these forks are not going to do well for perception of it
Ya I dumped my BTG quick.
So funny watching retards pay so much money for a worthless scam.
https://support.binance.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002980192Are you guys stupid, read the link:Going forward, we foresee there to be many coins forked off of BTC.
Binance is not supportive of forks that occur simply for the sake of forking.>Going forward fuck your forks Bitcoin>Last money grab we will allow>Worth 300 Each in less than 6 months>You are falling for the fud posted by anime wojack posters who have a fetish of losing money (Adrenalin, psych, etc)>Smart money all in on Bitcoin
tfw people bought my 2.5 BTG for 0.06
They'll still credit.
They just won't enable trading for the shitty forks.
Binance are very good with giving users what is rightfully theirs.
does the times 10 go for people with say only 0.8 of a bitcoin?