Reminder that Decred will have integration with the Lightning Network by Nov 24.
Huge news.Some quick points about DCR:>solves the governance problem>literally the best dev team around>new proposal system (lots of money to spend on marketing and hiring even more devs)>privacy features coming before end of year or in Q1>full DAO in Q1>ledger support very soonForget the Bitcoin (Cash) BS, Decred easily blows both of them out of the water.
Get in now before this under the radar coin blows up.
Still a PoW crypto, still won't survive long-term
It's hybrid PoS/PoW which is the best of both worlds.Sure it will survive.
The whole point is that its governance system will enable it to easily and quickly adapt.
Stakeholders could vote to change to pure PoS, or add "useful" proof of work (like folding coin).Why do you think PoW coins won't survive?
Including BTC?
Why do you think PoW coins won't survive?
Including BTC?Too inefficient energy-wise, and as populations get more and more environment-conscious governments are gonna get on their ass about it and regulate into oblivion for all the waste (and I do believe even China will do this).
Plus mining conglomerates suck and they can fuck right off
decred is a great idea but i fucking hate the name.
anyone else agree?
been staking decred for less than a month and already made like $300it's not as much profit as the latest pnd sure, but it's predictable
I don't think it's inefficient at all compared to the current banking system.
You may be right about governments cracking down on it nevertheless.
Again, Decred can adapt to this.
Also mining conglomerates aren't an issue in Decred, stakeholders can overrule the miners.
I'm fine with it, but some people seem to dislike it.
Stakeholders could submit a proposal to change it (probably would get rejected though).
I actually didn't know Decred was PoS too, so that's definitely a plus in my eyes
decred makes me think of DE-CREDIT aka lose money.
who the fuck thought that this was a good name.
Yeah, staking rewards are currently around 20% per year, although this will reduce over time.Btw, Lightning Network will eventually allow ticket splitting, so you will be able to stake with any amount of DCR (currently need at least 80).
PoS stakers can even invalidate PoW blocks if miners try anything funny..