Have you got your share of the offshore bank blockchain yet?
with the fed in US and EU cracking down on richfags hiding their money in offshore bank constructinos it's only a matter of time once their billions move to a real safe offshore construction.
and that is monero!DO YOU HAVE YOUR 21 XMR YET?
why 21?
Right, you only need 14 for XMR.
That's right I forgot Monero is even more scarce than Bitcoin.
you would probably only need 11 to make it.
Do you have your 11 Monero Millions yet?
how much do I need to make it?
I only could afford 5 :( the rocketship is leaving without me
For now.
Infinite supply and all that.
the supply isn't "Infinite" as in it will grow with millions of coins a year.
Well past 2100 it will still have less coins than bitcoin.
sauce????
4263150Yes, Monero has a tail emission that kicks in with < 1% yearly inflation to incentivize the miners forever and is needed for the dynamic blocksize to work properly.More info here http://monero.stackexchange.com/questions/9/how-many-monero-will-be-mined-in-total?rq=1
83 XMR..
I think I'm gonna make it
I've 10!
Still accumulating...
ill wait till it dips a bit then scoop
1290, will sell at $120.
Last month of mining.
I know "sleeping giant" is an overused meme, but I think it really does apply to XMR.
The price is constantly pushed down by miners, then the price pumps 75-150% in a few days every other month or so.
Early 2018 could be XMR's time like ETH was early this year.
250$ easily till the end of year
Gonna have about 50 by the end of the year.
This is what Bitcoin should have been.
Why would you sell at $120 man?
This is gonna go so much higher in the long term.
Zencash is still cheap though with low market cap, and it has built in encrypted communications inside it's wallet using.
With monero the buyer and seller have to use a third party to communicate.
That is how you get caught
shit it is pumping, am I too late?
It's gonna correct soon, t
monero vs dashwhich one should I go all in and whywill sent 0,01 btc to best answer
 he doesn't know safe communication channels exist.
Anyway if enough people want it XMR devs will add it.
But I don't see any reason for them to add in a chat system.
Anyways.
I'll probably get some ZenCash too.
Yeah it'll correct upwards to $150 dollars tonight.