It's so obvious
I have some bad news friend...
Kek don't tell
Like your Aussie ass!
the email was fake
4373977If you're talking about the email, it was confirmed fake.
If you're saying it's a different coin, what else could it possibly be?
It will be ALTCOM .. can't beat 180% PoS and big releases next year
Most hints show that it's related to POWR.
Although Meagan from dev team said they have no idea about PBC.
Is Teeka just lying when he says he flys out to other countries to interview the team?
Blatant PnD than even though the picks are promising.
Is Teeka just lying when he says he flys out to other countries to interview the teamMost likely
How much are we gonna moon lads?
It's obviously going to be POWR you fucking idiots.Power ledger already has a partnership with billion dollar energy company Origin, which is AU's largest energy provider.
It has a working product that is being implemented in the real world AS WE SPEAK.
The founder is a woman therefore 'muh feminism' points.
They are in talks with TESLA AU.
I mean what the fuck else do you want in a coin?
The founder is also the Mayor of Perth, so you know she'll use her connections to push POWR.
You lie much you pajeet...
Deputy Lord Mayor, get your facts correct.
It was STORJ.
it was already leaked.
Not a lie though.
Teeka's brother is on the staff.
Teeka's nephew is a lawyer for the city of Perth.
it was CAT just leaked
How am I lying?
Your photo literally proves my point that they are in talks with Tesla...?
oh by the way kys.
Just because the last name is the same?
Those last names are not uncommon in Australia as it's full of indians and asians.
they are not related.
It is ACTUALLY Solar Coin (SLR), check the hints again, you will see they fit SLR much better than POWR.
Also, based on ZEN last week we can tell that Teeka Tiwari prefers coins that have been around for some time, unlike POWR that's really new.
In addition, when Teeka dropped the hints, POWR wasn't on Bittrex yet, we know Teeka likes to trade through Bittrex.
Lastly, SLR has the same trading volume on Bittrex as ZEN had last week.
SLR makes much more sense than POWR, also thanks to the lower trading volume, he can make more money on it compared to POWR.
True.
Let these buffoons keep ther powr bags "muh musk" and all...Gonna be a bumpy ride bagholding that shit lmao company that steals money and now won't even moon on a fake pump - good luck.
the reason why a lot of people got SLR confused for POWR is because a lot of people bought POWR because of Bittrex, thus when they see news like someone accidentally saying "teeka will recommend POWR instead of SLR" they are happy to have their wishes confirmed and continue spreading the misinformation.
People rather hear what they want to hear than do their own research.
Google it guys, SLR.
Lastly, I am just going to say, that I was watching fake sell walls keeping the price of SLR down, because Teeka made a mistake by releasing it early.
His subscribers were already bad at him for releasing ZEN early last time.
So the sell walls are supposed to maintain SLR price low - thats why you can see a strong resistance at 7800 that the price kept bumping from.
the all-powerful mighty Teeka controls all
43750784375226Holy shit look at this delusion.
I don't want to get into some faggoty back and forth with you since you idiots are clearly on the spectrum somewhere, but, can you tell me ONE thing that Solar coin has going for it?Once again, the power ledger is already being used on a population of 2.6 million.
What is solar coin doing besides getting ready to tank in price?
Oh I am not arguing with you that power ledger is a better project.
I am just saying Solar Coin is exactly fitting Teeka's type of a coin to pump!
Maybe there are some news coming about SLR, I am sure he has insider info.
But it's kinda like asking, tell me why ZEN is better than Monero/ZCash/PivX etc.. it's not at the moment but it's easier to pump for Teeka and has more potential for gains because it hasn't gone up yet!
https://pastebin.com/QeXUntJm ITS POWR I TOLD U GUYS
https://pastebin.com/QeXUntJmPOWR IS THE PBC CALL GET IN NOW BEFORE IT RECOVERS FROM THE DIP GET READY FOR TEN TIMES (x10) GAINS SENPAI
If you look at the order book of SLR, you will see that there are a lot of natural buy orders but only fake walls sell orders - the right side is way more bumpy whereas the left side is smooth
4375327Where did you get this?
It was spread in my telegram group 20 minutes ago
AHAHAHAHHA get kek'd faggot.
Still time to sell your SLR for POWR
If you idiots believe this shit then you deserve to hold their bags.
That Pastebin is a messy copy paste from old pbc reports
what are you guys talking about SNC is the only true energy token
proof faggot
Why do you guys keep arguing with me and trying to shill POWR, when you can just buy SLR.
Unlike you just screaming and insulting, I provided you with solid arguments why it will likely be SLR and not POWR.
So why the fuck do you still want to wank your ego and keep to your POWR (even though its a good project) instead of admitting that Teeka is much more likely to recommend SLR tomorrow.
What's wrong with you?
Why is Teeka more likely to recommend SLR?
Can you give me one reason besides "muh lower market cap"?
Dudeeeee there has been a lot of discussion about it on /biz/
yes and most of it has been debunked.
so no, you have no answer.
Ok, two personal arguments besides the parameters of SLR fitting the shill of last week ZEN.
1.
Teeka has met up with SLR team recently.
2.
I actually did my Masters at MIT so I am still in contact with people from there.
And Solar Coin just had a hackaton for the students from MIT to create a cheap, easily scalable unit capable of rapidly deploying SolarCoin nodes to finance sustainable energy infrastructure on the island.
I might write a separate post stating all the arguments including these personal ones.
1.
Teeka has met up with SLR team recently.wrong.
he said he was meeting with the team in portugal and only power ledger was there at the time
Sorry I meant to say that the SolarCoin-related project won the MIT's recent Energy hackaton
guys DONT BUY SOLARCOINit's a deahtrap, it'll be recommended by PBC but it's already being pumped, see these spikes, after the news goes out it will get dumped so hard
it's a deahtrap, it'll be recommended by PBC but it's already being pumped, see these spikes, after the news goes out it will get dumped so hard>I assume that's Teeka loading his bags
He meets with people.
But he doesn't really do team interviews.
For example in Zen he talked with Rob for an hour or so and that was enough.