Now that this particular BCH scam pump and dump cycle is over, and it is crashing back to earth like Icarus, can we finally talk about other coins?
Lol.
Down it goes.
FREEEEEE FALLIN'!
corecucks calling this a pnd scam>btc had nothing but these spikes over its lifetime>muh selective memory
Kek.
BTC price discovery based on fiat inflows>BCH price discovery based on airdrop free gift coins and Chinese laundryLiterally the same, lads.
Shot DOOOOOOOWN, in a BLAAAAAAZE of GLORY!
guys...its still going up
Not for long.
crashing back to earth$1560 on Bithumb
it won't even reach 0.1>huh it was all a pnd you bag holders!>tether doubt is all FUD!!
!>BCH will never recover, it's going to bleed to zerohow many times will corecucks get btfo'd?
you must be an oldbizfagthose aids ridden somali but pirates amirite?fucking pajeets
NooooooOooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MOMMYYYYYYYY MY BCH AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Wait for it....
4518045>it'll bleed back down to $300>it'll bleed back down to $600>it'll never come back>it'll never be above $1000 again>it's just a pnd to $1200>i-its only a pnd scheme>g-guys bch is crashing buy bct>j-just hold btc guysI don't even care if BCH goes through another correction after the weekend because I'll dump at top and put money back in at the new strong support which will be $1400-$1600 kekBitcoin legacy holders are the most pathetic posters, at least linkies know good fundamentals when they see them.
Watch the wall disappear.
still waiting...
implying this matters at allcheck the trade volume on Bitfinex, no other exchange matters hereit's pretty fun watching BTC idiots constantly getting proven wrong on /biz/.
BCH has broken every claim they've made so far.
$1550.
That's it.
Lads.
that's All She wrote.
Holy fuck, if you're making decisions based on the order book of Binance you're doing it wrongThe korean exchange has 20 times the volume, watch that onehttps://cryptowat.ch/bithumb/bchkrw
4517977>tfw was waiting for these blockstream-paid pajeets to show up to know for sure that dragonslayer is real and to go all-in on BCH, just like they showed up right before the first mega-pump
Why the fuck is bitcoin not dropping that much?
It's still at 8150 holy shit.
Cash needs to go to at least 0.25 for bitcoin to go down substantially.
Its highs are getting lower each time.
Its false bottoms can only hold out while amateur speculators believe there is sufficient reward.
Once the ceiling meets the floor, no-one is going to crawl back in to that market, and no amount of phony buy wall will support it.The inner circle is currently benefiting from the small volume of organic trading within the market place.
They can throw up a buy wall and it costs them very little, because they are conducting most of the trades for themselves.
When bagholders begin eating into the wall, it is going to be a very different story.
Everything north of $300 is froth, and they know it.
Let us help youhttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-cash/#markets
kek, yes its unironically a huge bch buy signal
implying pajeets can afford godcoin
BTC isn't dropping because the mempool is still pretty clear.
BTC was only dropping last time because of the panic induced by the congestion problems.Watch the mempool, if it starts going up significantly again, you know that BTC is gonna drop hard.
It's honestly the best predictor of BTC drops.
Welp.
Hope you Lads bailed.
lol
shhh we shouldn't actually be telling corecucks this
It's funny how all the dates from the whistleblowers letters from july seem to match up.
I guess I have to believe that Operation dragonslayer is real
You're right.
I think Jihan is going to start spamming it again soon.
I wouldn't put too much faith in that.Nothing said in there was really new, even back in July.
If you were hanging around in /r/btc on plebbit, you would have heard the same conspiracy theories.
Daytraders know whats next.
dump BCH, pump BTC.
Next week.
dump BTC, pump BCH.
BCH Dump in progress.
lol.
BCH Dump in progress.in what universe?
bought BTC 90minutes ago to transfer to Bittrex and buy some BCH.
Still waiting on my transfer and BTC went down $100 while BCH went up $100.
God I fucking hate this shitcoin.
he didn't buy ether
highs are getting lower each timeThe support went up after the first correction.
What are you on about?
BCH was at about $800 at this time last adjustment.>Everything north of $300 is frothDude its cryto, essentially everything is froth.
The whole market is based on massive speculation.
BCH has objectively stronger fundamentals because its an actual usable product, people know that and that's why BCH is such a strong competition.>When bagholders begin eating into the wallThey've waited 10 days and will probably still get +20% on the last ATH in the next few days.
I don't they're sweating, but I can't speak because I bought at $700 and bought a load more post pump at $1000 and its been such a comfy ride.
Red Candle incoming.
still waiting
lol.
I just cost these idiots a cool 18 mil on the fake pump.
The support went up after the first correction.
What are you on about?The buy wall went up after the first correction.
That is not the support line.>Dude its cryto, essentially everything is froth.Learn about investing, and learn what crypto is.
Think what you like about fiat, it is used to buy and sell.
All other cryptos have fiat investment in them.
BCH is free airdrop money still.
Fiat price discovery of BCH would cut through the froth all the way down to the $300 region.>They've waited 10 days and will probably still get +20% on the last ATH in the next few days.They're bagholders.
It's their destiny to hold bags.
Market psychology has identied them and they are motivated by greed.
They will hang on for more, and hang on for more and then discover that, one time, there is no buy wall put up to save them on the correction.
You should really learn to watch bithumb.
Whatever you dump on Bittrex doesnt matter when koreans are buying it at a premium still.
Smart money sees that and will continue to keep buying.
shhh stop telling corelets about Bithumb volumeI wanna get off the pump at an even higher level
" Muh Koreans" Tonights fake pump war chest is exhausted.
It's over, Boyos.
Rule #1) Oldfagbiztard is always right.rule #2) If Oldfagbiztard is ever wrong, see Rule#1
Now it can fall to $800 for you kiddies to accumulate for the next go round in a couple of weeks.
The most important exchange for watching BCH trades is KOrbit, which is owned by Nexon and CoinDesk.
https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/bch/trades/KRW
wtf does Korbit matter?6.68% of volume
because watch the live trade feed I linked.
KOrbit is responsible for 15 of every 20 trades going through.
It's being used to flash small payments and price signal other exchanges.
6.68% volume/20 tradesboth cannot be true