What's going on here?
People moving money out of the BTC/BCH clusterfuck.
Also they are releasing ultra-blocks next month.
Everyone is sitting on the sidelines while BTC and BCH kill each other off.
A shitcoin with bloated value is being an obnoxious cunt again
This is the way it was in march before everyone thought bitcoin would solve it's problems.
Now it's a market grabber.
Anyone touching this shit?
I still am salting from the scam premine Evan pulled off.
Quick rundown on this?
cry more

The developers premined so they could pay to keep the project going and avoid all the bullshit bitcoin is going thru now.
They flash mined it when it was first launched.
Now Even Duffield has a multi billion blockchain as his personal piggy bank.
same here.
I avoided it like the plague.
It's also not as private as Monero.
This is the most overvalued shitcoin in crypto history.
Dash is one of the few coins I'll never buy, on principle.
I'm perplexed at how such a well known scam has maintained its value desu
coming from a guy who bought dash Tuesday, I only bought it becasue I know this coin is super safe, super legit (been around for years) and respected by old fags and miners.really safe coin and everyone just realized it is all.
I've watched the books run out on it twice today meaning everyone is just running from BTC dip to this cuz they know it woint go -100%., MAX it was gonna dip was like 20%, but it had a bullish look so ppl hopped in.
its still safe to buy imo, huge whale holding it up so plenty of sell timeliterally 150+ BTC wall to sell intoi
4329828It works.
A working product doesn't seem like a scam to me.
Unlike 90% of the shitcoins shilled on here, it is an actual working product.
yes very nice coin to trade, me and my associates love to trade with you Americans even more!
buy now quick for more gains we promise we will hold our millions of assets 哈哈愚蠢的美国人
agreed.
don't fall for the yellowman's trap.
It will hit 0.1 thouhgh, but it will cool off.That wall is the chinese wall for sure.
especially since they just woke up.
Chinese Monday :)
This.
4330079>Dash is one of the few coins I'll never buy, on principleMaking financial decision on principle and not profit.
Getting pumped, this group pumps several times a week, for long term pump n holdhttps://discord.gg/DSd77v
dash is the real bitcoin, its satoshi's vision.
This sounds pretty reasonable
fucking pajeets detected.
if dubs monero is next
(((They))) realized the market wont support bch no matter how enticinf they make it appear cuz ita obv an obnoxious scam.Dash shares many of the benefits but without the chink hijinks.
Its been around forever and has proven to be a solid coinI much prefer seeing dash pump than chinkscam bch