>chad (unlike blockstream virgins)>navy seal >brazilian jui-jitsu expert (could probably kill every single blockstream member in hand-to-hand combat)>dropped out and taught himself programming>became a millionaire by 25 through creating his own business >one of the earliest bitcoin adopters and has one of the largest bitcoin holdings>libertarian who supports trump (unlike blockstream who are all libshit hilldawg supporters)>holds true to satoshi's vision >supports big alpha blocks >trying to take back bitcoin from core globalists and restore it what it always was - decentralized internet money is he /ourguy/?
of course, all the fudding from (((them))) should confirm it for you
Depends, is he all in on POWR?
OUR GUY?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAFUCK THIS NARCISTIC FAGGOT WHO GOT LUCKY HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THIS LIL BITCH IS NOTHING BUT A CRIMINAL SCAMMER
convicted criminal>can't even travel back to USA
felon>fraud>market manipulator>bad actorhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uq7iFvMhno
You do know that 80 percent of what this guy says is lies?
He was at a bitcoin meeet up in LA like two weeks ago.
Nice (((lies))), corecuck.4518609Corecuck virgins getting nervous lmao
45186094518599shilly
he's scum, all his associate are scum.
too bad too, bc blockstream are massive kike faggots
he is NOT an ex navy seal lmao
he is - lightning network is a lie!!!
He is scum but his interests align with ours and he's not 100% scum like his opponents.BCH is the least horrible option and it slaying BTC will pave the way for its own demise later at the hands of coins more worthy than both BTC and BCH.I'm all for the flippening.
Doubt he supports trump though lol.
He's somewhere on the libertarian to ancap spectrum, not a maga cuck.
This.
OP I think you need your brain examined
his interests align with oursYeah "crashing the market for years" is totally on our list of hobbies.
Kill yourself you colossal retard.
Go "flip" a razor blade across your wrists.
t. HODL bagholder the flippening will be painless, cuck
>fell for the gracie memekek
He's just a pretty face to run public relations.
BCH vs BTC is just Triads with Chinese government connections duking it out with Ashkenazi Jews for control of the cryptosphere.
Go back to plebbit with your Bern-voter level of economic awareness.
Dumb counterfeit-Bitcoiner.
counterfeit-bitcoinerumm sorry sweetie but this is obviously falsea as bitcoin cash is the original bitcoin.
pls stop spreading lies, corecuck.
am i posting in a meme thread?
i'm pretty shure you guis have a folder full of sergei's images...
crashing the market for yearsBitcoin maximalists are hilarious.
Bitcoin isn't as important as you think.
ETH has trading pairs on major exchanges and so will BCH soon.
People who will exit the market from BTC and stay out for a significant time were never going to do anything else than park their money in useless BTC anyway and are no loss for the value of the rest of crypto.
It's mostly "dumb" money.Over the course of 2018 utility tokens and platform currency will be used in many projects that are launching and it will cause another massive influx of money, whether bitcoin is there or not.If you took your head out of dinosaurcoin's ass for just a second to look around at what else is being built you'd know this, but you'd rather be neck deep in blockstream's diarrhea.
holy fucking shit LMAOwhat a parody
I think corecucks and bizcucks alike are envious of his good looks.
Its the whole alpha-chad-male verus beta-billy-bollocks all over again
When you put it like that I guess I gotta join BCH.
Chinese may be amoral and severely lacking in empathy but at least they're not as actively dyscivic and as corrupting as Ashkepaths.