What the FUCK has gotten into this one?
Starting to think there’s some insider knowledge floating around about what’s being announced at the update tomorrow We’ve had 3 previous dev updates every 2nd Friday but they have never made a pump like this happen
ReqAs smooth as your mother's cunt when I last fucked her.
The most obvious moon mission.
Poured my POWR profits into this two days ago and very happy I did
Bittrex listing
It has nothing to do with tomorrow's update.
It's just a normal update.
This pump is about money flowing into an extremely undervalued coin.
but they have never made a pump like this happenwrong, look at the REQ/ETH chart.
Literally the same thing happened, one could argue an even bigger pump....and a huge dump right after
Dump because of BCC.
Everything went to the shitter.
Nice, the Jews gods are smiling upon me.
I sold my COB at x2 (it's going back down now) and put it into REQ while I was still on PajeetDelta.
Got in at 0.000156000.
Let's do this baby!
Justice!
Also; what was the ICO price?
Glad I dodged those bullets (this and Airswap)
BCC charts and fundamentals looking like its going to pump hard again.
I guess history is repeating itself.
.0002 ETH.
That happened after the update, also like the other anon said BCC went parabolic after that and BTC nosedived.
Bro eth has increased by almost 50% since then where have you been ?Measuring it by eth price means very little right now
Ita still a good measure, if you are not outperforming BTC/ETH then you might as well hold these two.
Not worried though since it will surpass that eventually.
The volume sure is exciting.
Heard they are going to do a 200mil token burn before first release.
Also, further burns as well.
They believe they started with a total supply too large and want to focus more on "nanoREQ" for transactions.
Big if true.
Bittrex.
woah woah woah.
sauce anon.
"heard" as in from a fellow biztard or actually in their telegram via a dev?
Please don't post useless rumors unless theres some backing to it
heard they are in NDA with trex, this means a few days out.
Nigga, you can't drop bombs like that without a source.
"heard" from who ffs.
If bittrex then 100% 5x inbound
I-Is it a good idea to FOMO into this now?
Your post doesnt make sense, if they want nano req then they need to increase coin supply, not decrease it.Also i fucking love REQ and believe in its future but all this shitty shilling is making me nervy.
Wasn't Req going to use Link in some way?
Agreed....this coin doesn't need the scammy shilling.
It's gonna moon harder without it.
Req is the most obvious moon mission of Q4
We're going to 10 dollars.
Digits confirm.
They said that they are looking into LINK and are in contact with them.
They have not stated that there is any kind of partnership.
This is from their previous update on their blog for those interested.