Japanese Steem (but not only)Remember Monacoin and NEM hype, japanese people like japanese projects and will certainly push it, Japan being the first cryptocurrencies userLow mc (certainly compared to Steem)Post burn circulating MC : 14M $https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alis/Burn of 70% of token supply on 17 novemberFrom 250M to 80M total supply, with 15% of these 80M being locked up = 68MFounder is a graduate from Kyoto University, university with the highest number of Nobel Prize winner recipients in JapanCurrently he also serves as a project leader of a joint project with MICROSOFT JAPANHe majored in nuclear fusionAfter graduation, he joined RECRUIT CO., Ltd. (The 2nd largest HR company in the world, also the parent company of INDEED)He actively worked on machine learning and natural language analysisHe received the GROWTH FORUM Award which is the highest prize in Recruit
>mixing your gooks and your nips
delet this!i ned accumulate !
tfw i just bought XD #notempest
> burning 70% that was never in circulation, or ever existedBest crypto meme ever
ALIS was like 2 months ago, i sold for 7500 sats.today's / next 5 days mission is EPY.
In fact, total supply is a really important matter.
Circulating or not, it's here and it should be considered when buyng : total market cap (so real market cap) will diminish = more interesting for investors
A slow and steady rise.
You might want to get your tokens before the larger exchanges including Japanese exchanges come.
100-500k of steady volume on Cryptopia and Coinexchange... imagine when it's actually on a well-known exchange.
E-Pay Asia Ltd ?
I'm getting hard just thinking about it
Who is puting sell walls ?
Can we ban him ?
This.People who say Market Cap is all that matters have to be some of the stupidest members on this board.
Both Supply and Market Cap are as equally important- literally Supply and Demand.In real Stock Market terms, the correct term for a low Supply coin would be "Low Float", and there is a reason Low Float stocks are very popular for Retail Traders- its because the price will move up much faster than a stock with a High Float assuming an equal amount of capital is put into both.If you dont pay attention to this you will end up with another Ripple situation on your hands- waiting for an eternity for billions upon billions of dollars worth of Market Cap just to go from $.30 to $1.00.
Not necessary, the buy wall is far bigger