Is Ethereum undervalued or overvalued?
It seems like it's at least a stable store of value right now but can this $300 range thing just keep on continuing?
have they made a decision on parity yet?
They're not going to fix it as a standalone fork.
Might be rolled into a future update but AFAIK there was nothing wrong with the solidity language, just crap code.
accumulate.
Undervalued.
A very slow but stable coin, and its value usually responds well to BTC so it's perfect for day trading.
I started parking my wealth in ETH after I found out Tether was a scam.
just whether or not there's still uncertainty around this.
it's been pretty resilient with everything thats been going on, i see clinging up around 300 as a good sign
Undervalued.
Once the flippening memeing stops people will wake up to what's remained unphased by all the drama.
May be a good buy.
But once btc starts hitting rock bottom, maybe people will start panicselling whatever crypto they currently have.
I wonder what will happen to tether if BCH becames the victor and BTC network comes to a halt.
t's going to be a clusterfuck of epic proportions.
some whales are keeping it at 300 for some reason
Well BTC plummeted today and ETH didn't budge an inch.
I don't think that will be a useful indicator anymore.
I can guess why.
According to leddit it is all the ICOs selling off their ETH to fund their companies.
Seems sound to me.Which would mean that it is definitely undervalued.
Ethereum already won the game.
Everyone’s waiting for the final whistle
The Bitcoin network is already at a halt, something like 170k pending transactions.
way way way overvalued
Comfy as fuck being all in ETH right now.
Listen well.
ETH was on the rise beyond the moon earlier this year until the Bancor team begged thier token to it.
This is no coincidence.
Check the charts yourself.
Bancor will save crypto from all this pump and dump nonsense its literally unstoppable

What a fucking commie
Good think I also hold NEO just in case skelly's faggy antics ruin everything