Long position on IOP.
Support starting to form.First target - 0.00058-0.00060Second target - 0.00125-0.00140

https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@haejin/internet-of-people-iop-usd-target-usd16-09-567-profit-potential-iop-btc-target-0-0126-btc-40x-profit-potential
>TOKENcall me when company start releasing news about their project progress Now it's just grab cash and run
Titaniua is coming soon.
If you wanna x10 or even 20-30x your investment it is great time to invest into IOP
Here is the Game changer guys!!
!Tiny Titania BoxIt is coming with IOP blockchain soon.IOP will be huge
go to their discord you will see how active is the team and all the news.
there is a lot of information on their website.
Just wanted to share it, Internet of People will either be hugely adopted or at least have its insanely good niche.
Buy it or not but you are retarded if you dont do it.
My 2 cents
Anon is right, I am buying tons of this shit.
It will be huuuuuge!!!
>doing TA on Internet of Pajeets, the literally kin of PnD shitcoins
Really?
To retarded to use a VPN?
You forgot to change your ID, you may as well delete this thread and start again.
what does it do?
soooo down with IOPya you know me need more stacks
I fucking LOVE Haejin he made me money on ZenCash before PBC had hair on its balls
in crypto anything that has been high will cycle and return to near that higheven dogejust have to waitiop, kore, bts all juicy at bottomeven monkeys can trade crypto like this and win 90%
4499178Why I need to use VPN or delete this post?
I mentioned steemit link anon - Haejin
What is the Internet of People?The Internet of People (IoP) is a complete infrastructure for apps and payments that is not server based.
Instead, it is completely decentralized and based on nodes.
Those nodes could run on home computers or even smaller devices like a Raspberry Pi (fully) or smartphone (in part).The IoP token is a currency that is used for payments on the IoP.
It also grants holders a share in the Internet of People as a decentralized autonomous organisation (DAO).
They have insanely good devs DESU, no wonder they can pick on IOTA My next x50 coin right here
IOP BLUEPAPER LEAKEDhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1g5GEyq2yX090_vSs3kvqx_q4lmkZsLxymvAG5VDp2Lw/edit#
>all this shitty FUD>/biz/tards will fall for itAlright some actual facts:m mcap (tiny)>less than 2m coins in circulation>will have a working product>roadmap and bluepaper about to be released>marketing will likely start after this release>the coin itself has actual use and reason to be in demand>healthy team, but not too large, no known scammersAnd most importantly:>/biz/ threads have been FUDed hard and often die with 2-3 replies50x is an optimistic estimate (though that would still only be 250mil, deluded Arkies and scamshit like BitconEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEct all have more than that), but it's an easy 5x at least.
I got bags of some morons that dumped because they thought there will be no pump tonight> This bluepaper proves it will be a multi hundred million market cap coin, why sell it at 5m$ market cap, not like you get a homerun like this every day
Agree Bluepaper awesome, and roadmap shows Titania OS coming Q4, project worth far more than 250 million$ cap
updated bluepaper in 9 hours

yeah pick on the creators of pos lul
and up we go
threads like this make me want to die
4501949Why tough?
buy or cry later 1.8 million thats an easy pump