I don't know TA.
Spoonfeed me mummy.
Fueling up for round 2.
Once the koreans and Chinese wake up we're mooning
Refuelling
bullflag were going up another 60%
what does the triangle mean?
sounds like some numerology voodoo shit.
Refuelling is correct
Double top and RSI is descending.
Get out before difficulty adjustment or become a bagholder.
Cucks paint random lines on charts arbitrarily to try and interpret the movement in price.You might as well shit in your hands and clap for same effect.
Ascending triangle.Bullish breakout pattern.
is it BCH or BCH, why are your tards calling it different things?
i meant BCC, i am now said tard.
consolidatingwhales are replenishing their coins trading the spreads with their bots
its 9:30am in seoul, theyre already awake, they're waiting until more americans go to sleep so they can dump.
Bullish pattern, just wait the refuel when BTC confirmation arrives to the exchanges and we skyrocket again.Few hours and we've fun guys.
Fuck charts, indeed.
I'll be honest with you.It's starting to range.
And while it's still going up, there's absolutely no tried resistance under its legs, as far as we can tell it's flying in the air and might fall very soon, very hard.Sold two hours ago, this is too risky to hold.People who are calling it a bull flag have no idea what they're talking about, these kind of signals NEED to be confirmed by past data, which doesn't exist in this case.
when BTC confirmation arrives to the exchangeslol good luck with thathttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
soldIt's like you don't like money or somethingnew ATH soon.
this
you made a mistake.https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
I don't like gambling, and this is what is going on right now.Miners might turn on BCH any minute because they have nothing to mine.
BTC on the other hand has a tasty batch of overpriced overdue transactions waiting for them.
If it happens, it's all going down with a speed of light.
you're one of the few actual intelligent investors on biz.
Most people want to gamble, they're retards who will likely lose their money in the long run.
There's no tried resistance as you said; yes it might continue rising, it can just as easily crash hard.
It's the definition of a coin flip.
A bunch of transactions will get confirmed tomorrow when BCH difficulty goes way up.But this delay is going to freak out a lot of people.
This will hurt BTC a great deal.
If Bitcoin Cash plummets tomorrow night, how high do you figure BTC will rise?
I only ask this because I'm tired as fuck and wanna go to sleep.I'm in ETH BCC pair balls deep, yes you heard me right.Should I sleep over on rETHard erc20 token...or stay reppin the #WuGang ?
Some exchanges list it as BCC

It won't.
It will all go back into fiat because normies will see this shit is proof that cryptocurrencies are unreliable.
You realize that whales are trying to buy this shit like mad?
They can't buy enough of it without paying 30% premiums.
Miners might turn on BCH any minuteBCH only accepted as payment for mining equipment - bitmainBTC.com - BCH only accepted for acceleratorBitcoin.com - BCH only accepted for acceleratorViabtc - BCH only accepted for acceleratorBitcoin.com - BCH only accepted for BTC mining contractsIt's pretty fucking obvious who is going to win this fight.
I'm sure there are more miners offering products and services only in BCH but I CBF digging them up.You should realise that you're not gambling by holding BCH, you're gambling by holding BTC.
What happened to the market lately was unpredictable.
It's an educated guess, but when falling, BTC held very long against the $6800 level.
I'd assume that if it's going back up, as soon as it breaks $6800 again it's going to move straight to $7000 again.
It won't go below $6000 unless something really groundbreaking happens.
People love round numbers with lots of zeroes and social psychology has a lot of influence here.
Been waiting a day to send bitcoin.
Paid average fee.
You're gambling holding either.
ETH wins in the end.
Binance and bittrex both lists bch as BCC.Which in reality bcc is bitconnect so always make sure and double check.
Best thing you can do is go to CMC, find the coin you want to buy click exchanges and click on the pair.
Rising wedge indicating a bearish retracement.Also looks like some head and shoulders shit going on as well.
But /biz/ told me to wait until it hits $5000 to buy the dip.
I was planning on buying at $5500 since I dont really believe its gonna hit that low, but $5500 seems possible.
I don't see either of those on 30 min.
I wish though.
I want this coin to fucking dip.
Yeah, we are in a rising wedge right now.Correction incoming to probably the 0.618 fib level, meaning around $800-$900.
From there, buy as much as you can because it's going $1500+
IT'S BREAKING OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This won't last if miners won't have anything to mine.
How long did it take to flip the switch?
How long will it take to flip the switch again?
Also, the same thing happened during the previous BCH rise and everything reverted to 'normal' in less than a week.Personally I'm holding most of my crypto in ETH now, for decreased risk and easy trading.
But, to be realistic, BTC will probably still survive this all, due to its mainstream appeal.
It's a pretty outdated coin and it's been this way for a very long time.
It has much bigger problems than competition, and yet it prevailed on top for this long.
The question is rather how low will it fall before it rises again, not if it will happen.
God i fucking wish.
2k HERE WE FUCKING COMEGET READY GOYS
bitcoin will continue to dip until asians wake up tomorrow night (their monday).
hard to say what happens after that though.
It's been ranging between 6200 and 6400 for this whole day.
Any reason why you are expecting further sudden dips?
priced in my man
nothing thats happened in the last few weeks suggests a general withdrawal