APOLOGIZE RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,41% bitcoin increasewhat the fuck are stock fags ?DELUDED LINKIES
Huge green candles!2000 sats it will explode soon
%woah...
TREND REVERSALBUY BUY BUY
HAHAHAHA I TOLD YOU NOLINKIES IT'S GONNA GO UP I TOLD YOU HAHAHASEE MOMMY THE STINKY NOLINKIES WERE WRONG AGAIN MOMMY HAHAHA MOMMY LOOKMOMMY I WILL BE MILLIONAIRE MOOMY MOMMY LOOK IT'S GOING UP HAHAHA
4511272It begins
when even stocks would have been a better investment than chainlinkjust fucking sell and move on, and stop posting these damn threadsholding unto losers will never yield any gainsand dont fucking compare chainlink to neo, hodling doesn't work with literal garbage, especially not erc-20 token with no product at all and autistic developers who can't even be bothered to write an update on slackalso, proof of concept is not a product in any way
I AM SORRY SERGEY I WILL NEVER DOUBT YOU AGAIN
.27%Incredible.Only another 68% increase to break even right?
kek
4511439STOP MAKING FUN OF SERGEY, HE IS A FUCKING GENIUSFUCK OFF NO LINKERS!
Shhh.
Quiet, little weeb.
>Supercomputers>Priced in>Team AWOL>No Communication ever>Registered in a Tax haven>Slavic scamcoin Pump & Dump>No activity on GITHUB>Solves nothing>Toilets>Rory>Useless token>Deluded>Doesn't need a token devs>Sergey is philosophy major>Bagholders left to fend for themselves>Nobody outside /biz/ knows about this scamcoin>you all got had>Below ICO price>No trade volume>Chinks own 40% of this coin>Dev has 6 billion tokens in his personal wallet>Altcoin garbage shit exchanges>People literally robbed "LOST ALL MY LINK NOO">Stuttering potheads
He's a big guy.
DELUDEDwhy dont you go click some random link and lose all your coins
Lol those pathetic buy orders, straight back into that downtrend
(((they))) know$1 in the next few hours.
MINISTER YOU NAZAROV
THE LINKENING IS FINALLY UPON US
Yeah this is what I said earlier, some whale doesn't want the price lower than 15 cents keke
Delete this
I hope all of you bought in the dip.
That was your last chance.
I have no idea what link even does.
Something to to with some oracle guy who's apparently some big problem?
Anyway, the reversal was obvious so I bought in.
Cryptogat shilled it, enjoy the gains my dudes

gimme the quick rundown on the toilet chain link meme
Unironically: stay poor.
waitttttttt for meeeeeeeeeeeee
Back at you if you hold LINKEnjoy the upcoming wojacks when it dips further
there are some old photos of sergei falling into a shit infested toilet
kek
APOLOGIZE TO MONEY BELLY
eeh it was related to the usual "pajeets scamming biz" meme with the whole poo in loo thing, so people began posting toilets in link theadsand people began to make memes like  said
This is going to be the only wojack I need in a month.No-Linkers can't say we didn't try.
Based on what?
I can wait for my gains on LINK, it's not the only coin I hold.
IM SO SORRY BASED SERGEY

Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
And its crashing again.
Mostly that it's presentation at SIBOS was next to the restroom
support went up, seems bulls are gonna try and get through this wall
back from the dead
k sats forever bro.
Holy fuck LINK!
go go go
TA guyis that supposed to be fud?
I bought under 2kalso a stable price would make this really easy to trade for profit
i am a the happy holder of 200 links tomorrow i will be driving a lambo and living like a chad
At least put "link" in your posts so that the filter catches it.Thanks
chainlink>bullsmaxkek
lol deluded linkies celebrating what every other shitcoin gains every other day.
its already gone as expected.
alright now im ready for the next 30% drops before the 5% gains.
I accepted my losses long time ago, you should too
HAHAHAHAIdk why people keep making threads about link.
There's no news, take the loss like a man and move on.
Come back once fatfuck sergey got someone to show.
Living.
Rent.
Free.
In a back alley.
Sucking.
Dick.
For.
Half.
A loaf.
Of bread.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the emergency room at the Mayo Clinic.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
If there was a way to short the life quality of LINK holders, I would make so much fucking money.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.