We dont have a fucking thread EditionRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
Also, first for NMM
2 hours until i get JUSTedcant wait boys
XXII!!!
Make some fucking money!!!!!
Watch ABIL this morning.
Low float and trading at 3x normal volume.
tobacco hey?
shill me this stock my friend
Changing attitudes towards nicotine in recent American history I guess would be my biggest reason I think it's a good buy.
As far as I know, they hold a patent for a process which allows them 95% reduction in nicotine in the plant without affecting the flavor, which is a common complaint with other methods for Nicotine reduction.
FDA holds this company in favor, they have a very diverse product portfolio, they are using the same techniques on marijuana now to reduce the amounts of THC which is also huge for when marijuana becomes legal and consumers are looking for weed that doesn't contain such high amounts of psychoactive compounds (think cancer patients, or super casual smokers), possibly making them a candidate for partnership with big tobacco companies who are looking to stay competitive in a future market that demands "reduced risk" less addictive cigs, or simply for use as a cessation aid that still allows them the pleasure of smoking.>unique product>emerging market>diverse portfolioTo me it is a great long play.
Im new to investing so please look into the financials and decide for yourself if it looks right.
I'm still learning.
Not to mention, look at the institututional holders right now, vanguard and Goldman Sachs hold huge postitions, but it might also be under the influence of MMs.
Nasdaq has a 1-year price target of $11.50
any companies that are gonna have good earnings reports today
AMRS after close
HMNY
The whole point of smoking tobacco is the nicotine gets you high.
Why would anybody buy this shit?>t.
pack a day smoker.
Like I said, as a cessation aid.
Plus the FDA has mentioned regulation of nicotine in tobacco.
This isn't just a cigarette manufacturer...
It's like drinking a non-alcoholic beer.
It just does not make sense.
Smokers are already treated like second class citizens in this country, why would some one want to volunteer to be treated like one?
I'm not going near this one.
You tell me, bagholder.
You glazed over the FDA seeking legislation to regulate nicotine levels, plus the other products in their portfolio including a cigarette that has HIGHER levels of nicotine and marijuana with lower levels of THC (which definitely has a market).
You seem to be hung up on one factor of what I said, maybe go take a smoke break to calm those nerves.
DRYS to the moon when?
On oct 26, 2007 one share of this stock was worth $1.5 Billion dollaridoos.
If only
GLTA.
First of all marijuana is still schedule 1 controlled substance which means it has 0 medical usage in the federal governments eye.
I want to see some changes in the federal law before I go near any of these THC bio-techs or marijuana growers.
Second if there is a major change to the federal law already on the books, the big tobacco manufacturers are already in a better position to soak up the majority of the market share of these markets.Lastly regulating nicotine levels in tobacco is going to equate to putting a label for nicotine per cigarette on the packs, and isn't going to magically make this shit moon.
It's a large speculation that this kind of legislation even passes as different people smoke in different ways, and it could be misleading to the consumer as the number on the pack isn't equal to the amount of nicotine you're actually consuming.
Www.share.robinhood.com/davidt917
fuck off david
>How long have you been with Robinhood?>Are you GOLD?>What's your trading style?
Jew cannot block my shtyle.
Little more then a year now.>Nope, too poor.>I buy and hold value stocks that have low debt.
never signed up>i'm white>Buy high sell low.
That's better input, I genuinely appreciate it as I mentioned I'm still learning.
I never claimed "MOON MISSION" just that I believed it had potential as a company.
hmny...
I've been watching the company being talked about here all summer, but you're right I needed a cigarette to calm down and collect my thoughts.
TRXC!
Question.
I've got about 20k in crypto that I'm planning to pull into the regular market soon.
I'm trying not to get fucked on capital gains though.
What's the easiest way to get my shit out of exchanges and into a rh account without being fucked by the state?I heard somewhere that if you keep it as investment that it isn't taxable.
Is this true?
TRXC>-4.07%
>tfw increasing urge to empty checkings account into Robinhood
iktf bro
cancer patientsWanting less of the substance that promotes increased eating and pain relief.You want the plant to have a high concentration and then you dilute the final product to a smaller dosage.Thats like saying people want the cob so we made corn with smaller kernals for them.Just cut the kernals off so you have more of both products.
Anyone here brave enough to invest in leddit?>Reddit CEO sets sights on IPOhttps://www.axios.com/reddit-ceo-sets-sights-on-ipo-2509170177.html?
Cannabinoids besides THC are what give marijuana it's "medical" benefits like pain control.
THC is the psychoactive compound.
Maybe educate yourself before posting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gO7uemm6Yo
Hmm, that actually might be a good flip, especially if leddit advertises their own stock to all the normalfags.
>Open up Robinhood>All of my stocks are red>The stock I was about to buy is in the green.AHHHHHHHHHHHH!
HUSA is set to swing today
SNMX keeps moving up
You were going to buy MOSY weren't you...I'm looking at CAPR for FDA news tomorrow morning.
Any thoughts?
what coin do I use to buy stocks?
GTFO.
US coins?
I think they are called pennies.Lol.
bigblockoraclethereum
Amrs finally going up
how are you niggers today
And the appetite stimulant?>psychoactiveAmitryptoline would like to have a word with you.Both CBD and THC are used for pain relief.Its like you dont know anything but want to claim you are an expert.
I'm holding Alibaba, microsoft, and whirlpool all marginally below where i bought them.
I'm also holding another bag so heavy I prefer not to talk about it.Microsoft and whirlpool pay dividends in Dec. which require you be holding by tomorrow, so at least i can make something positive there right?
>BAC tanking, probably going under 26 soonFucking finally.
Hopefully this will get these stingy bastards to let B go under a dollar and run those stops.
I've been waiting over a week for this shit.
SQQQ to the moon
If you want dividends, oil is where you should be at m8.
>RDS-A% dividend, plus rise in stock value Financials are dependent on that damn tax reform
Where is my SPX 3% single day correction?
>NMM beats on revenue!>NMM beats on earnings!>Outlook is going up!>Investor confidence is going up!>To the moon!>We're going back to $20!>We're getting in at the bottom!>We're trend setters!>Soon they'll be begging for our shares!
I didn't buy them for the dividends, it's just the only thing i can't manage to lose money on.
Robincucks can't drip
Greek shipping memes
Hows the mediterranean poon patrol doing?
Thoughts on solid, inexpensive ($50 - $100/share) stocks that are good to hold?I'm biased towards tech and video game companies but I want to research other good stocks.
What are the expectations for earnings?
i am down 30% this week
tell me your holds, anon.
You're all caught up!
Glad I bailed when I did
I lost 18% so farI was doing great up until last week.
Why has the market been so shitty lately?
>city of GE
Anyone else feel or see a pullback?
Since last week, everything has been on the down>GE lel
Over-speculation during the summer.
Summer is always a cash grab.
i didn't know anyone here was in on GE...
I'm long UVXY and waiting for that speech from my president about how the American manufacturer is no longer going to be raped by a bunch of chinks.
4359940This is good.
Now everything is on sale and we can make money when it goes back up.
I really fucking wish I shorted GE, that would have been such an easy move even without any experience shorting.
A mix between profit taking from record breaking highs and fear of the new tax reform.
Go with your gut.
ATVI and TTWO have been my best buy and holds this yr for sure.
MU is right up there as well.
TRXC needs to stop fucking around
im not actually holding anything currently, ive had to cut my losses several times, and i ran out of day trades
when did you enter your long position?
gains goblin
Ran out of day trades>Cut losses several timesI think I see the problem here.
NAKNBRVUSTCBTSCGBRGAHCUVXYI'm getting fucking murdered today.
Down 6.5%, at least the UVXY is green.
Yesterday at $15.84
i knowive made many bad decisions
Bag holding is a meme.
Stocks that O cut losses on have continued to go down or barely moved a few weeks later more often than not.Plus dont forget opportunity cost when you have your money locked up in one company
You over trade sir.
Awesome.
I know you won't hold for too long, but be careful, this is a long awaited "dip".
The real battle between bulls and bears will begin on the next daily upswings, and where I'd consider it to be safer to start looking have some short plays.
Although, if certain favorable progress is made tax reform, then it'd unsafe.
The next day, the bull market continues.
Again.
For the next 10 year stretch of gains.
>DWT today
Nah, that'd make me rich.
And the market hates doing that.
>BOTZ is red for the third straight dayDoes good all year then drops literally as soon as I buy it.
>the city of GEGod bless them
Let me tell you guys about an awesome company, it's called Century Aluminum and despite aluminum being a light metal these bags are really really heavy.
Where's the GE wojak?
You bought in after it double peaked?
Robinhood is also launching Robinhood for web/browser soon!
GET A FREE STOCK WHEN YOU USE MY REFERRAL LINK BELOW!share.robinhood.com/tylerk590

Name some dips please
KTOS 100% in a retarded dip right now
Just look for the wojaks.
Free share of worthless $S
lmao
fuck off david
the state of cukstuck mining.
That quote is literally what Jordan told his investors when he was pumping and dumping and losing all his clients money
Leaving this for Big 5 shill
Why are you so mad at cockstock mining?
I feel bad for the bagholders
My only consolation, will be rich as fuck when ww3 starts
What app is that?
Looks pleasing.
I hope that shit goes back to 9 cents so their reverse split was uselessFucking mineless mining companies
Looking to invest in the mining industry.
Anyone have thoughts?
Good resources to read?
Sources on company operations or do i need to source that myself by reading through company sites?
Never feel bad for bagholders, especially the bagholders of penny stocks.
They have no one to blame but themselves.
im not mad.
its just funny how many retards here were pumping it and then it went up for only one day until it got absolutely blown the fuck out.
look for companies that have 0 mines or less, those are the best mining companies
MOSY is blasting off
what happend with MFIN.. that one stock you kept telling me to shut up about?????
Webull, free on android.
I'm gambling and losing with a portion of my 401(k) using fidelity's brokeragelink, but webull looks nice on my phone and lets me simulate my holdings to track my portfolio performace.
What kind of mining?
Industrial commodities like coal or iron?
Technological components like rare earth metals and lithium?
Precious metals like gold and silver?
Petrochemicals like oil and natural gas?Those are all very different sub-sectors of the mining industry with completely different conditions related to their profitability or lack thereof.One thing you should probably know though, just make sure that your mining company actually has a mine before you invest in it.
it's over 150% Way too late anon.
Nice try though.
Bought 300 shares thanksWhat the hell happened?
I remember this shit was trying to break $14 a while back
4360354Im glad i invested in the naketship ride not the shitty one
Lol that guy was 100% bagholding and desperate to get outAnyway, what’re the pharma memes of the week?
Nope.
It's still got room to run.
If you don't want to make money though, that's fine with me.
thatll crap is going to get blown the fuck out soon enough as well.
lmaowhat about at 2.20 when i was telling you to buy it?
what happend there?
remember.. the time you were talking shit on it and what did it do right after?
PO after last earnings report, and nothing crazy exciting in said earnings report.
All of defense has been taking a big fat dump the past two weeks anyway.
KTOS is in a good spot, any price is good for a long position.
Is GE elite?
Larger defense contractors like Lockheed Martin got BTFO on their earnings and dropped like a rock.
The smaller contractors like KTOS had their share price follow suit even though their earnings report was decent.
lol you sound like a child.
How long have you been """"""investing""""""" exactly?
Fuck if I know but my short position is just printing money right now.
Ok.
Picked up some CAPR on a limit at $2.67.
Hopefully not fucked tomorrow morning.
Holding for news tomorrow morning.https://www.biopharmcatalyst.com/calendars/fda-calendar
PSA: Ustocktrade is back
Can you short on RH?
I thought someone said you need gold.
I have a broker and am a canuck, so don't quote me.
Thanks, concerning CAPR, what’s the upside?
If they hit phase two, how good is it?
It looks like it already mooned though.
Up 30% the last week
I told you to get on the Pandora moon rocket.
We're headed to 5 today boys.
investingWe trade here.
If you want to sit on bluechips and ETF's, this isn't the place for you.
Take your ass over to reddit.
poor boomers getting wrecked by ge
4360555I don't use RH either but I don't think you're allowed to short on it.
With gold you can trade on margin but still can't short as far as I know.I could be wrong though, like I said I've never used RH either.
Why, what would spark the rise in price?
Are you hoping they get bought?
4360638Catalyst is tomorrow morning.
Presentation is for a medication that mitigates heart scarring at a American Heart Association meeting.
Why present bad news at a AHA meeting?Float is 11.25 million shares.Short interest is only 16% of that 11.25 million.
soon, anon... ;)
No options on RH, it's coming in the future though
Idiots "buying the dip"They're irrelevant.
Going to zero as soon as Spotify IPO happens
GE is a screaming buy right hereyou might not believe it, but this is what massive opportunity looks like
stock drops over 40% in a year>dividends cut in half>selling off assets to keep company afloat instead of fixing the underlying problems>Jim Cramer getting BTFO, says that GE was one of the worst calls he's ever madeIt's glorious
I NEED A HIGH QUALITY GE WOKJK ON MY DESK BEFORE MARKET CLOSE
It's in freefall right now, at least wait for the dust to settle before you decide to buy.
Does it even have support?
Every day it seems to be down another 4-5%
catching a falling knife
4360784scared money fucking pussies
I have a 400 share short position open right now dumbass, I'm watching GE like a hawk.
demo account play money doesn't count bud
I've always wanted to own a company that's selling off all it's assets to pay for it's debts.
Throw in a nice dividend cut to sweeten the deal.
Why isn't GE trading at $5?
"Guys, Enron is down 50% buy the dip its an opportunity!
">"Radioshack can't possibly go bankrupt, they're radioshack!
buy le dip">"buy the jc penny dip, $10 is a bargin!"
i have 3 bullshit examples and think that means anythingGE is a top 2 or 3 player in like 10 industries, just need to get rid of the old CEO fuckups and there were quite a few but nothing beyond handling.
$40 dollar stock in 3 years
also a cleaned up template

kek
4360903Ty bby
lol nice
buying before the bull trapThats like saying it was smart to buy AMD when it hit 12.Playing loose with your money isnt smart investing.Unless you think GM is going to shoot up in the next day with no actual news.
I heard GM is going to start investing in sporting goods.
Something about a buyout of BGFV?
Why is TRXC plummeting?
They had good news yesterday
So is this market the past few days basically rich people autistically screeching?
If you guys want a good meme stock HMNY is about as meme as it getsyou will lose your money trading this trash but hey it might be fun
It's just big money taking profits and moving assets around after months of unimpeded gains.
Also, the tax reform bill and possible fed rate hike has shit stirred up.
Dumped TRXC just in time and bought HMNY at a discount.
Today is looking good
Market>Buy the hype>Sell the news/rgt/>Buy the hype late>Hold through the news
If they're still planning to initiate phase 2, doesn't that mean that obviously everything is going well so far?
If they fucked up, wouldn't they push back or cancel the next phase?
Who /ANET/ here?
Will AMRS moon towards the end of the day?
I'm tired of seeing red.
Dividend reinvestment when?
Never because millenials don't give a shit about dividends.
Dividends are a meme for old people
Dividend are what makes stocks valuable, anon.
If it weren't for dividends, stocks would be a crypto-tier Ponzi scheme.
CRAY is on sale today.
INDL might be a dip worth looking at.
Down 15%ish from like a week ago.
3x India bull ETF
Covered my GE short position at $17.75, made a bit over $1k on it since I opened it on Friday.
I think the hard drop for GE will end today and from here on out it'll be more of a slow downward slide overall with a lot of minor up and down movement.
I'd rather take the quick and easy money than hold it and hope it dips below $17 before EOY.
You won't go broke taking profits.
in addition this, Australia's index got hit earlier by some bad data out of China, i think, it's also dropped now, along with US indices, could be a good dibbb :DDD buy
Exactly, I'm happy with the gains I made and now they're locked in.
Maybe I could've made more money had I stayed in longer but the stock could've just as easily turned on me as well.
What sites do you recommend for checking stock prices/charts and stock news?Google Finance/Yahoo Finance?
Others?
Just use the robinhood charts
I like yahoo finance for general prices, charts, and news.
Strong showing for BGFV todays, lads.
Is TRXC on sale?
>JD Wojack
Yes
>ROKU
Its up 98% in the past weekBuy high sell low?
Yeah, no shit.
Expect it back down in the low 20s easily.
AUY is supposedly gonna start minig operation in a big gold.silver mine in Argentina in 1Q 2018
Finviz.
Yahoo sucks now.
How's it doing today?
4361655finviz is a good choice.
You forgot to use the quizzical cat picture
I like this pick.
Bought some after realizing the upside potential, insane target price of 11.50 plus it's currently at the best spot to enter
Down over 4%
anyone looking at RARE?
FedEx or UPS?
FedEx>comfier P/E>trash dividend>better analyst ratings UPS>higher P/E>higher dividend >worrying cash outflows >but just dropped, buy the dip???
Is RELY going to go back up?
Forgot to add MACD divergence and RSI 
4361736>(you)
4358625AMRS bros-- holding this bag like a champ but i think its gonna miss the ER.
But there will be a deal of some sort.
Counting on the deal to be hot and good.
why would it?
Nah bro.
AMRS is gonna announce a big deal and break through on their artificial sweetener.
We're going to the moon bro
4361805>unironically falling for the technical analysis tea leaf reading meme
>came for some trading information>jerked off and came in my pantshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbuqt7Xh6uw
needs more astrological symbols and sacrifices for higher accuracy
Some technical analysis is useful in setting entry / exit points after using fundamental analysis to determine whether or not to buy or sell a security in the first place.
Just my opinion of course.
I've had the ability to buy low nicotine cigarettes for decades and have never been interested.
Taking the nicotine out of cigarettes is like taking the hamburger patty out of a big mac.
If the target market is smokers, this is going to be a big fail in the end.
Not to say there isn't money to be made in the short-term.
Aggh, so fucking close.
BAC+B is overinflated right now, I just know that when BAC drops past 26, B will have a nice fall and run the stops below a dollar.
Cut my losses on GE in at 19.50 out at 18.62 opened short at 18.62 we at 17.53 now.
I can't believe I actually had in mind a strategy where I was going to hold from $19.50 and average down next month.
Need to actually stop and fucking listen to my self think sometimes.
Dude yes.
I'm a freelance writer for industrial hemp companies and other businesses that use it (think fashion designers and paper mills) I'm holding XXII for the same reason.
Their 0% THC hemp is fucking vital for industrial hemp agriculture in the U.S.
It's definitely a long hold, but I think when growers start using their patented strain in the next hemp grow period (May of next year until august-september harvest) they're gonna shoot up.
Just looked up the companies 3rd quarter reports and it looks promising.
Definitely going to look into this and hope to see something next year.
LEAVE BAC+B ALONEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dude, just let me get in under a dollar and I'll leave it the fuck alone.
Buy PRTK????
Do you think it'll continue to dip?
Or is it safe to buy now?
ALL THESE DISCOUNTS... WHAT SHOULD I BUY?
PRTKRARE CRAY orKTOS?Also buy $BIOA, undervalued as fuck and will be 2$ soon time.
A challenger emerges.......GE
CERU my nigga
GE will be a possible buy in January after they release their 4Q earnings and further explain their plan to turn the company around.
It's going to flounder in the upper teens until then.
you are going to flounder
It could go down a bit more.
Bottoms are always hard to call.
I've made two buys today: one at 18.20 and one at 18.10.
If it drops into the high 17's, I'll double down.
announce partnership with samsung>stock goes down 4%
Type of nigga to buy ROKU higher than $46 at  RSI and closing above Bollinger bands
this whole market has been fucky the past week.
look at weight watchers>has great earnings during off season and pops 20%>massive selloff -15% 1 week later>now lower than what it was before the great earnings call
% of the daily trading is driven by bullshit AI robots just fucking with each other, really means nothing
If you look at a three month chart and tell me you can't figure out how to play this stock, I can't help you.
buy high, sell low
4362341>Markets>RationalI also don't fully buy into the algo boogeyman, but slowly I'm starting to think otherwise.
look at reddit Alexa rankings/ monthly traffic.
no sign of slowing down
I'm getting raped by DFEN.
I'm going to be holding for a while
watch your gib nigga
Same only with TRXC.
I’m just doubling down at this point, still losing money
Stock prices are equal to the expected value of discounted dividends.
They get de listed?
ALL I SEE IS RED AHHHHHHHHHH
guise....this market sucks....its all REEEDDDDD
They merged ($DARE)
WHY IS ROBINHOOD GOLD SO EXPENSIVE REEEEEEEEEEEE
>tfw sitting on comfy 5% gains on Pandora after that anon lost all his money in the earnings overreaction
I lost about a month's worth of gains in the past week (20%ish)I got fucked hard because I usually swing trade earnings and now the market is overreacting at any little thing.
I have one last earnings play tomorrow (BSTI) and I'll probably get fucked on that too.
I thought I bought the dip yesterday but then it dropped another 4% today :)
That is a very simplistic view of the world.
You fuck it up by saying "equals".
he makes so little, he can't spare the equivalent of the commission of literally any other brokerage per trade once a month
It wasn't an overreaction.
It's a fad product no one uses anymore
LABU has to be a buy now right?
im down like 6% from dfen/mix of other shit and this one seems like it will recover better.
STOP FALLING
Doesn't matter I'm in it for profits man.
I don't care if Hitler is the only user, they have a billion dollars in yearly revenue, their market cap was super undervalued.
I've already taken profits.
BSTI>Chinese freight and logistics company>Revenues grow and earnings go farther into the red every yearIt's like a chink version of the Greek shipping meme companies.
Stock prices are equal to the market's expected value of discounted dividends.
Sure glad I started trading :^)
I'm playing it because Alibaba has a decent sized stake in it and Chinese internet companies have been really investing in improving logistics the past few months.
Fair enough.
BABA has its finger in a lot of pies though, it's in the phase of throwing a lot of darts blindly and hoping a few of them hit the bullseye so I wouldn't use their involvement in a company as a divining rod of whether or not to invest.
Looking at the chart, BSTI looks like a good swing trade stock oscillating between lows and highs every 2-4 weeks.
On paper, or in the actual world?
There's a difference.
>Find a good play>"This stock is not supported on Robinhood"
Let’s hope BABA falls to $180 so it can trigger my limit buy
sounds like some shitshow pink sheet stock thenI've got one set for $177, no clue how far it's going to pull back but it shouldn't go down too much more.
stock prices are dictated by the intersection of buyers and sellerswhatever they use to come to those conclusions is anyones guess
It's all algorithms and memes
It's listed on NASDAQ faggot
my kind of place :)i personally think market is just algos fucking and trolling each other
What did GE mean by this?
4362955>buying a Chinese companyenjoy having your assets seized by communists without warning
Robinhood's charts are terrible.
That's only for foreign owned subsidiaries, BABA is a native Chinese company.
STOP PLAYING WITH ME
Really tempted to pull the trigger on LABU, too.
But PRTK is on a good dip too.
Overall, that whole sector is boned along with defense and aerospace.
I'm just lost at this point
I like BABA but it's even worse than that.
You don't actually own stock in Alibaba when you buy it.
You're actually buying stock in a shell company gets a share of the Alibaba's profits.On top of that it's all through a loophole in Chinese law.
It can literally go to zero if the chinese government gets pissed off about it
It's a loophole that allows billions of dollars of foreign investment money to flow into the bank accounts of Chinese nationals, I can't see them getting rid of it.
If it allowed a substantial amount of money to flow out of china and into foreign hands then it'd be gone in a heartbeat.
Who here /AMRS/ tonight?
shares babby position reporting in
STOP FUCKING DROPPING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Should've unironically gone all in on UVXY yesterday.
and they could pass a law one day to keep that money invested forever and line their pockets, just by seizing those assets Xi is the new Mao, dont underestimate him
 \o/
I mean, sure it could happen.
The Chinese housing bubble could also pop and ruin the entire world economy overnight.
The norks could launch one too many missiles or pop off a nuke and start the 2nd Korean War that would fuck the world economy up too....Every stock in your portfolio is susceptible to any number of things that could cause them to crash without much warning, that's just part of the game.
Until then BABA will be a solid stock if you're looking for sustained growth over the next year at least.
Today is a pretty good day so far.
I only lost $300when do I get my lambo
What's going to BTFO my UVXY?
Chinese don't live in houses they live in million person hives
>XXIIYay, I really didn't think I was going to make any money today.
Is BAC gonna go back up?
Not until after I get my sub-dollar warrants.
They buy apartment units because that's pretty much the only investment opportunity available to the average Chinese person who's not a multi-millionaire (no access to stocks or other financial instruments).
Imagine what would happen in the US if the average person's 401k wasn't allowed to be invested in stocks or bonds but could only be used to purchase real estate.
There are tons of huge apartment buildings being built that no one is even planning on living in, they're just being built so people can keep buying real estate and sitting empty for 10+ years.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcyYyyaPz84
betting against (((them))) and warrant buffetgood luck
Wtf is happening?
Up more than 5% since I posted my graph earlier
It's definitely going up, I just need to buy in first.I was literally going to ask the same thing.
Comfy as fuck gains, even if we don't cash out at the top.
pump and dump
you have a little meme majik anon


Whoever recommended RXII a couple days ago, thank youShit is booming
This
So I just read this article:https://seekingalpha.com/article/4124613-transenterix-european-da-vinci-surgeons-say-senhance-systemWhy did you fucks tell me to invest in TRXC?
Why are you researching a company after you bought into it?
AfterThis report just came out today citing surgeons overall disapproval of the company
 shares here, I don't want to risk much
Sucks to invest in a shitty company, don't it?
Maybe you shouldn't listen to random assholes in rgt.
thanks to whoever suggested KTOS as a dip earlierup 2.6 percent already.
maybe we can get back to 13 in a week or two
ThisBut if you want to make all that money back you should definitely go all in on BGFV
4363830I wasn’t memed into TRXC, I was up 5% yesterday.I’m just mad that this shitty company scammed me
You're still shilling this?
You've been at this since the HNNY moonlaunch
That was a joke.
I should include le sarcasm smiley next time, sorry ;^)
I would be careful if I were you, still, no support found.
This 2% bump is just bumping back into Bollinger band ranges after closing below which is normal
senpai forgives you unless you don't buy FIT
big five sporting>goods
KTOS is one of the few picks on /rgt/ that is not a meme in any sense.
located next to the chinese jerk off parlor
4363953Tell me about this hot meme?
That article is bullshit lies, ISRG shitting themselves.
Just a small cap defense stock that's well put together.
Main business is satcomms but has started dabbling in jet propulsion unmanned aircraft and unmanned systems in general.
Give them a google, Kratos is a pretty solid investment.
Got out of MYOS, hopped on JD
Looks like a trainwreck stock.
Why would this go up?
i was about to get gold until I realized i'd subject me to a stupid 4 trade per week rule.free version is better and cheaper
Looks like they're actually going to be profitable this year at least.
t. BrainletDon't be retard, look at its history and it's balance sheet not just its chart, faggot.
Looks like XXII is going to slowly go down from here until its next crash.
Got out @2.24.
Not the best I could have done, but I still made a hundred dollarydoos today when I thought jack shit was going to happen.
This is what retards on StockTwits are saying as well, which means I absolutely need to sell this piece of shit stock
4364184From what I can find they just broke even.
It's better than their previous earnings.
This shows positive momentum?
How'd you do today, lads?
Up 700$
f-fine
I probably should've scalped that jump of volume but I am gonna keep holding.
A standard burst of volume picking it up above Bollinger bands on one candle and the next closing below.
It's not like I'm not going to buy back into it tomorrow.
It seems to always have a good crash in the morning and sometime between the afternoon and closing, it gets a good spike.
Q = -$.01 EPS2Q = +$.01 EPS3Q = +$.03 EPS4Q = +$.06 EPS (projected)Seems like they're headed in the right direction now at least.
how low will Roku go
as low as low 20s
Maybe one to watch.
They miss that 4Q earnings that shit will tank, right?
-30 if breaks support of 37
Eh, maybe.
Current share price is based on the assumption that they're going to see substantial growth in the coming years and become a semi-major player in the industry.
If the rest of the defense sector shits the bed then so will KTOS even with good earnings.
If KTOS announces a large contract then it'll see a nice jump.
Give me a meme stock to throw a hail mary on.
I'm tired of these single digit gains and losses.
I want something this week
Pls sned help
4361805XXII
Ah, yeah if a lot of that optimism is priced in then maybe not a good time to jump on.
Under Trump wouldn't defense be good?
My concern is lately every company I've held with good earnings has tanked after earnings because it was already priced in and people just sold out.
Maybe not the case on a stock that has been continually falling, although maybe people would just cut their losses.
all in on BAA, no need to thank me ; )
It's time, AMRS ER soonPepsi agreement, to the fucking moon
Sonic and friends will help!
You're all caught up!
I don't know what defense will do under trump to be honest.
On the one hand he talks about how important the military is and how it's important that they have the best equipment in the world but on the other hand he bashes the defense industry for charging too much and not producing the results that they promise.
Massive cost overruns used to be a given on any major government contract and the government would just dole out the extra cash without much resistance but under Trump those cost overruns might be met with much more resistance which could negatively affect the defense industry as a whole.
BAC is such a fucking tease.
Waiting all this time is like edging while masturbating.
It's going to be fucking amazing when it finally pops.
BAC itself probably won't go down too much, but BAC+B is massively over valued right now.
When BAC was at this price last month, BAC+B was less than a buck.
When it falls, it's going to fall hard.
Hopefully triggering some a bunch of stop losses on the way down and I can finally cash in on my patience.
I could probably get a bunch of B warrants for like 75 cents if it falls as hard as I think it will.
BAC will never break 26 you brony fuck reeeee
Don't worry.
As soon as I get my warrants, it'll pop back up and there will be an interest hike so I can triple my money.
Buy 2 shares of MU and turn off the app for a few months.
It couldn't turn out worse than whatever you've been doing.
AMRS going up bros
AMRS reporthttp://investors.amyris.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=1048744