Help me convince my GF that crypto trading isn't gambling and this isn't just pure luck.
I'm so triggered by my GF dismissing my achievements that I'm tempted to use physical force to knock some sense into her.
I invest so much time into FA, TA and risk management, and I've steadily grown my portfolio over the past half year without any insane XRP/BCH moon missions, but instead grinding through long term 5-30% profits.
Help me convince my GF that crypto trading isn't gambling and this isn't just pure luck.but it is
topkek.
this, anon
Tbqh you should beat her up and fuck her hard over the counter for talking back to you desu
Just tell her it's the same thing as a stock market, because it is.
If she can't look at an exchange and be like "oh, I get this!
", then dump the bitch.
My GF is asking me how to do it and taking notes...
I'm worried she's going to 100x her money in a month get on my Ledger and Take it all and bounce.. O.O
Why are you on this site if you have a gf?
4360366>talking to women about your money
BTC is a store of value where value comes from not using it.
Tell her that and she will understand
>sit in front charts 18 hours a day>only sleep like 5 or soHow the fuck you can hold a gf as crypto investor?
Forex trading is gambling for pretentious fucks and self deluded money marks.cryptotrading is like gambling on e-sports.
he told his gf about cryptos>he told his gf>he gf>gfhere young sir >>>/out/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlTlUfKtXl0
But it is gambling and pure luck.
e sport.this but every game is rigged.
Like gold bullion or jewellery, or fine art from one of the masters?Dumping my BitchCash and going 100% into crypoaristocracy savings coin.
Thanks anon.
this anon, u deserved this one
O.Oholy shit leave
This.
Remember the anon that let her wife use his account, she panic sold everything making him lose all his money.
thisnever EVER let anybody know you have crypto gains - it *will* come back to haunt you.
ESPECIALLY when women are involved.
Also telling people you have crypto will hurt their feelings and make you unlikable.
Since they probably thought they were smarter than you this will create some dissonance and you end up unlikable.
tell her you're literally an autonomous crypto-trading bot who's sentient She'll understand
or just no one likes crypto except us nerds
A couple black eyes should help her get the message
This haha, poor chap.Also out of rage the anon beat her her a few bruises.
She went to cops and claimed assualt, so that anon went to jail.In the end bitcoin is now up and they would have had profits but her retarded ass sold it all.
Never let woman touch your money.
Gimme details please so I can empathize with that burning hot feeling you get when you fuck up badly.
Hence why you never give out your private key lmao, you're not just protecting yourself from theft but idiocracy
This.
But you should still tell your GF, it's better to take high risk high reward gamble than wagecuck you whole life.
>having investment discussions with roastiesJesus christ dude, get a grip.
kek
Get her pregnant then push her down the stairs.
That will give her a sense of how you feel when she shits on your accomplishments.