well, my dudes... SALT up or stay forever salty.
WE ARE THE SALTINES AND WE ARE NEVER EVER SELLING!!!!!!!
what the fuck just happened
I dunno, but I bought in at 0.0012 so I'll be holding for a while...
This coin is undervalued, IRON FUCKING HANDS
About to get rich
It's going up bois!!!!!
No salters wouldnt understand
its amazing how scams like verticoin have higher marketcapthis shit is gonna go ballistic
hum... any reason i should buy besides "dont you like money , stay poor faggot"?
Some whale bought 65 BTC worth.
Stating the obvious here, but seriously see the value of the tokens.
They are all treated as 25$ on the upcoming platform, getting them for even 5$ is a bargain
Because the company is going to be selling SALT tokens at 1 SALT = $25 dollars when the platform launches later this year.
So, over 6x the current value.
SALT will go up, the market value may not reach $25 dollars but it would be insane if it wasn't at least 50% of that.
It's a no brainer, obvious buy, one of the few sure things in crypto.
Hey there, they are on track to release the lending platform by the end of this year.
Also, as the guy above said, they will be selling SALT from their website for $25 each, which means the price of SALT on the open market will increase, but will unfortunately never surpass $25.
SALT is used to pay off $25 worth of interest per SALT, used for annual membership fees, and used for purchasing anything from the SALT store on their website(?).
They can raise the price once the market approaches $25.
Ooh, interesting.
I'll reevaluate the strength of my hands when it nears $25
4255351
I know something interesting about this.
Not sure if it is the "whale" and I don't know exactly why they would be buying the token itself, but I am very close to someone who told me just a few hours before that buy that SALT is much more than just being able to borrow against your crypto.Accredited investors (including institutional investors and broker dealers) can invest by depositing fiat US $ directly through Salt's SEC registered investment advisor to receive fixed income returns at a much higher rate than any other type of guaranteed interest-paying investment available.For broker dealer and institutional accounts individual loans will be available for purchase following origination.
Again the guaranteed fixed income rate is much higher than anything else available to invest in currently.
As I pointed out, I truly don't know if that buy is related to this information.
The timing is interesting, anyway, but I don't know how the token would benefit institutional investors because that wasn't discussed.
4255913And you can use the salt token to pay down your loan at a way lower rate.
Everyone in the crypto space will be using SALT to maximize trading gains aswell as being able to spend ur crypto without selling it.
Thanks, yes I did know that.
I was talking about the institutional investors who are putting up the actual fiat to lend.
I wondered if there was any benefit to them buying the token itself.