NULS will literally explode tomorrow.
>buying chink coins>ever Nah
Said anon with 80% of his portfolio invested in neo.
your loss, stay poor
This is mad, people are buying every single dip.
The 24h volume will be x3 today.
We should see 40-60m cap by end of the week.
Anons, this is a lottery, where you know you will win the prize if you buy the ticket.
Link to ama?
I think this is it:https://www.reddit.com/r/nulsservice/comments/7cm2hg/nuls_session_1_of_ama_answering_questions/
isnt that the coin that was exposed for litterally have 3 lines of code
nothing was exposed, they said they will bring the private repo to the public github today and they have done that, with more to come.https://github.com/nuls-io/nuls
Github was updatedStill weary cuz chink coin but holding a few nulls just in case.If the project is legit, it seems to have a pretty bright future.......TO USE ITS GAINS AND BUY MORE LIIIIIIIIIIIIIINK AAAAAAAAAAA
ok answer me what is they proposal?
it sounds just retarded nuls is everything, nuls is windows od blockchain...
I don't know what is it you don't understand.It's a complete blockchain solution for people who want blockchain but don't know how to get around it.
Nuls is One Road One Belt, literally
1 blockcahin solution.
lmfao.
Nice explenation sumb fucks.
50What is eth, what is neo?
What is dynamic easy to use modular solutions?
What is white paper?
What is reading comprehension?
Do your own research, stay poor
exacly you dumb fuck all things you mantioned do same and much more... lol nuls is nothing nuls is everythong
And NEO, when it was ANS, had the tagline "ANS in your pants!"
but yeah better staying poor than thinking something might have potential regardless of shitty slogans thought up by people who don't even speak English natively.
As usual /biz will FOMO in when it's already too late.
just gonna leave this here
The token is literally nothing.
A nicely packed air.
Called Nuls.Is this the ultimate sign of bubble?
Just when this coin couldn't get any shittier.
This is some bitconnect but chink version.
literally bribing people to buy their shitcointhis is just pathetic lmao
Yeah, but it works.
They'll pump it then dump it
Poor fud attempts, keep up with the developments happening around you, code base uploaded as promised
Stay poor you illiterate idiot
fud atempts... there is no fucking use case, no problem solving, no point of token, sweet jeasus we trully are in bubble
go buy your nihao coins for all i careonly chink coin with a future is NEO lmao
I just dumped my 22k nuls faggots
Hardly any dent cunt
It's understandable if you wouldn't b able to purchase any until you get paid this coming Friday, it makes sense that you would prefer to keep the price low until then - it's just so unfortunate that you won't be able to get in at these early low prices.
Anything $5 and under is still good though so I wish you well anon.
and obligatory cheep under x taken from your ass.
gl dumping dat bags anon
That was a placeholder for the code they are uploading right now.
Nice try though.