What is Substratum?- Decentralized web - Substratum provides an user-friendly platform with the tools to bring the decentralized web.
Through their network of nodes (peer-to-peer) they will be able to deliver Web content to everyone who access the Web, so companies don’t need to spend larges amounts of money renting or building their own server.
The complex Substratum algorithm, based on Artificial Intelligence, will calculate the fastest path to deliver Web content to users, depending on the user geolocation which make the access process fast and efficient.- DDoS Attacks become obsolete - It would be pointless to try to DDoS a site on the Substratum network.
There would be so many nodes that are spread across the network which allows your Web platform to stay up.-Pages hosted in the Substratum network can be accessed all over the word and cannot be blocked by countries with strict internet regulation - Places like China, Russia, and Iran impose heavy restrictions on what content citizens can interact with.
This limits the free internet to VPN and Tor users, both of which require additional software to use.
Upcoming laws threaten to deepen that divide by banning VPNs in even more countries.- You don’t need a special software - We will be able to serve Substratum Requests directly to the default browser (Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer) without any special software installed on the average consuming users computer.- Keep your DNS – Allows you to use your existing domain name and deliver content to both the centralized and decentralized web.- Solves Net Neutrality- Beta release in 2 weeks- Token burn once it gets listed on Bittrex - Reducing the supply will allow the token to be more valuable (1/4 supply burn)- Team – Worked with companies like Apple, Facebook, Disney and HP.
I wanted to get in, is now really a good time?
I'm assuming if I'm reading a shill post about it, it's not.Is it getting listed on Bittrex?
So is this like TOR?
Their marketing is almost OMG level toothe whole project never puts a foot wrong desuTop 50 coin Q1 2018
Get in SUB now.
It will break ALL TIME HIGHS IMMINENTLY.This is the NEW LINK.
4CHAN will shill this 24/7.
Guaranteed 10XDump your bags on the normies after bittrex listing
Buy safely at support levels 2300ish.
Sell off at the network release if you want.
They still have yet to release their site in the next few daysFaster network than TOR because hosts are incentivized to place quality nodes worldwide.
The main selling point is Substratum is gonna replace web hosts just like Bitcoin is becoming digital moneyhttps://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/web-hosting-services-market-reaches-to-usd-154-billion-by-2022-at-16-of-cagr-industry-affirmations-by-mrfr-300512202.htmlEven if substratum takes 1% of that, that's almost 1.5 billion (and this is a coin not a business so its worth even way less if they deliver and they will)
The main selling point is Substratum is gonna replace web hostsSo like instead of GoDaddy, etc?
Yup, there will literally be no reason to use GoDaddy when a control panel is as simple as this and 10x cheaper than GoDaddy.
452537945254554525691
explain
5455▶>File: buy_sub.png (215 KB, 298x333)who is this fine specimen of the female form?
it's a scam simple as that, I'm too lazy to type it all out.
Google it, also read the white paper.
Watch ~10 of their youtube videos and you will start seeing the cracks too.
What's their symbol?
It's already at 49000ish guess I missed again
Fine, I'll look.
Just feels like 1994 with this.
main action is in December, can't you wait a single month?
If you can't wait a month then bet on another crash when bitcoin start falling in coming days
SUBSo basically pajeet tier fud with no solid evidence>They have their own office with videos of it, why would a scam open their own office labelling Substratum everywhere>UI Sneakpeak sources from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-5OGT-nB_gLast I checked communicating with the community is not a sign of a scammy coin.
BTFO nocoiner
Is it live yet?
I'd like to make a test website.
and collaborate with my peers.Link web site and instructions on how to get wallet and access sites.