Whale here.
Im gonna give you a few protips for the short term.1) dont buy alts, theyre gonna keep bleeding until either btc or bcc wins which wont be decided this year.2) bcc has been pumping daily for the last 3 days.
Yesterday's pump was a test, the big one is coming tonight, which is why certain individual moved tens of thousands of btc to a few exchanges, target is .5, so dont fuck that up.3) chinks will take the hash power off btc slowly but surely, too many big players are backing bcc while core is in disarray.4) ling longs are very likely to endorse bcc and resume trading, they hate core because they dont control it, this will get us to .75 and its happening by end of month.5) when btc is rendered unusable by spam transaction and miner attacks, bcc will get the bitcoin ticker in most exchanges (Q1 2018).
This is the end game.Im on my phone about to ride a plane with someone you probably have heard of so i wont be replying a lot.tl;dr get in bcc today..
I want to believe
which is why certain individual moved tens of thousands of btc to a few exchanges, target is .5, so dont fuck that up.you morons are about to get REKT harder
sure thing mr. bagholder Sirs BCH good coin Sirs buybuybuy
Forgot to mention, remember before the b2x fork when exchanges like Gemini said whoever coin had the most hash power would get the btc ticker?
THIS IS IT, but instead of btc/b2x its gonna be between btc/b2x
please drop your alts and buy my BCH bags
I'm about to ride a plane with someone you probably have heard ofTell Taylor I said hi
Roger Ver.
moved his 250K BTC last night, it was all over /biz/ google the txid faggot.
He'll be dumping that shitcoin for BCH
but instead of btc/b2x its gonna be between btc/b2xYou accidently the whole phrase
Funny how Mister Whale cannot tell BCH and BCC apart.Hey, Mr. Whale, you sure you haven't been buying Bitconnect all along?
As i said in on my phone typing quickly before takeoff
You're retarded.
BCH is called BCC on some exchanges.
Bittrex has "BCC" as the ticker for Bitcoin Cash.Now fuck off permanoob.
bccOk Mr. bitconnect
please let this be true, the incredible fudding right now makes me think i must be right in this trade
>when btc is rendered unusable by spam transaction and miner attacks, bcc will get the bitcoin ticker in most exchanges (Q1 2018).
This is the end gameIf this happens it will kill crypto for good.
Do you really think any serious investor wants to buy bitcoin when the coin they bought might not actually be bitcoin in a few months time?
Fuck youI'll stay in Tethereum, suck my dig you filthy bagholder

my blockfolio is at ATH today because I have 80% in alts, neo dash keklearn to crypto anons
How the Bitcoin Cash ifficulty adjustment will fuckup the whole situation?Shouldn't the miner switch to BTC and jump ship BCC?
Some exchanges have Crash listed as BCCNo exchange lists bitconnect, everyone knows its a ponzi
Meme magic works in mysterious wayThere's a reason why bch is called bccBECKONNNNEEEEEEEE
lmfaoooolooks like someone lost their bank on bchjust go have a cry jerk, hold this L and pray to god btc doesn't hit 12k by 2018 you pwussy
This is crypto, either you stay involved and updated or you lose your shirt.Also, bcc is at its new floor which is .2 so buy the dip befire it runs again to .3 like it already did twice after the big dump, when it breaka 3k thats when its gonna run all the way to .5, just wait till korea and china wake up and youre gonna see some serious shit
got the same info too, guess it must be true
smart money bought bch low.
dumb money will trade their btc for bch 1:1 when the time comes, they wont be left completely in the cold
no shit.
BCH holders are about to get REKT.
when has Ver shown that he is interested in the community?
never.
every move he's made has been to line his own pockets.
this is no exception
Ask yourself: who owns bitmain?
Who owns bcc (yes im calling it bcc and not bch because i use bittrex the most).
You think he's gonna waste this opportunity to crush btc while its unusable?
This is 100% happening and either you get on board or you baghold btc forever.
Oh and last tip its going sub 5k again.
can confirm same info btc hodlers xd are about to get a big surprise
4323846>being this desperate
hodl.
3k coming
Im on my phone about to ride a plane with someone you probably have heard of so i wont be replying a lot.nazarov
Planes have WiFi.
Is ‘whale here’ biz’s version of ‘girl here’?
4323890HAHAHAHAHAHABEING THIS DESPERATEYou didn't buy at 2500 did you?AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHAHA
btc or bcc wins which wont be decided this year.>Yesterday's pump was a test, the big one is coming tonight,>this will get us to .75 and its happening by end of month.>bcc will get the bitcoin ticker in most exchanges (Q1 2018).
This is the end game.So they're gonna make the final pump tonight, but it'll only increase the price by the end of the month, but it won't really matter either way, because nothing will be decided this year.
Alright, thank you for the tip.
How do you know this?
Why are you trying to convince a bunch of autists on biz with likely no money to buy BCH over BTC?
can confirm.have been talking to some crypto wizards and they know bcc will pump again tonight.ultimately by new years, BCC will be bigger and more valuable than BTC
>Whale Here
he doesn't, he is just a scared bagholder for life and will be stuck with his useless shitcoin supported by pedophiles (yea, look it up)
Didn't the korean exchange go back up today and they started pumping Zcash instead of BCH?
Why not continue buying up BCH?
t. bch bagholder who bought at 0.45 during the pump and dump
their tears will be delicious
Are you stupid?
BCH holders already 20X their sheckels.
Not everybody if a faggot that buys ATH.
Only thing that saved BTC was its outdated tech, BTC is done.
I WANT TO BELIEVE
Only people desperate in the last 24 hours are buttcoiners trying to move those stashes and realizing the tech is crap.> +24 Hour transaction is a feature
who's tears?
nigger I'm as comfy as I can be sitting in Tethereum mostly, already making gains btc-wise>BCC will be the new bitcoinHAHAHAHA, yea sure buddy, maybe for 1 day IF btc dies, and then it's gonna be replaced by a superior shitcoin, although it's very unlikely and I'm 99% sure you all fucks will be left bagholding your btctrash
BCH deserve the losses they are about to get, they threaten the whole crypto economy with their scam.
If you want to be an altcoin then be an altcoin, don't just fork the bitcoin chain and take the name and pretend to be the 'real bitcoin'.
This shit will never go mainstream if actual coins can be threatened by forks all the time.
biz shilled me on a couple moon missions, im paying it back.
days in a row, each pump bigger than the last one, I have a btc transaction pending for 4 days, that's when i knew something big was gonna go down, asked around and yepactually the pump was gonna go higher but the shitty site failed and the rest of the world thought pump was over, by the time it was back online it was too late.You can spot the btc bagholders but think about, btc at its current state is unusable because it lost most of its hash power, it was a planned move, try moving some btc around and see how many days it takes, thats the future for btc.
you're right but scared shitless bagholders will never acknowledge that>bcc flippening hurr durr we da kungz in 2018fucking idiots
who's tears?their tearsi was agreeing with you, you moron
actually thinking something without the name "bitcoin" will be the new kingdeludedPlease pump BTC to 10K
stfu you fuckin dumbass...Roger Ver was and has always been interested in BTC not BCCand anyways he just said he moved everything OUT of BTC and into ETH AND BCCfucking pajeets on here are so retarded
check out the market depth on Polo for BCH:)))
actual whale here.
Why the fuck would we risk losing a lot of BTC on the switch when we already make millions a year pumping alts on the bigger chain?
I feel like cash could be the future if it was adopted by everyone.
Since it wasn't, there's no reason to switch.
Keep your bitcoin for the best probability of success
he just said he moved everything OUT of BTCwhy don't you check the quote.
he moved a portion.
if he really believed in BCH like all you tards claim, he would've sold his BTC in August.
you know why he didn't?
because he's a greedy bastard and he's shown it over and over.
if he truly believed BTC is outdated, then why does he hold it?
smart people know what's up
(((whale)))EleGiggle
YOU GUYS WANT PEOPLE TO PANC SELL BCH SO YOU CAN SCOOP IT UP AGAIN CHEAP FOR THE PUMP TONIGHT IN A FEW HOURSGENIUS
lololol no
There will be no BCH pumps anymore.
Whale here.
The biggest pump in the history of crypto will happen tonight, strap in boys.
that's desperate anon, pls let it go and move on with your loss
LOL.
in two hours, the BCH difficulty changes.
any miners who jumped over to BCH are going to dump those coins and jump back to BTC when it's more profitable.
BCH holders get REKT
lame larping
how low do you think bch will get usd wise?
Suppose BCH did succeed in a coup d'etat to replace BTC over the weekend through pumping through one Asian exchange?
Is the rest of the world just going to acknowledge this and be okay with it?Why would any normie trust saving their money in any cryptocurrency after this kind of bullshit.
You'll have people who bought into bitcoin and they'll be told sorry your version of bitcoin is worthless because the miners took over and they have their own version.Did Roger Ver and Jihan think this through?
This could kill crypto for everyone.
GOD DAMIT OP!!
!EPIC LARP ENDS WHIT "m on my phone about to ride a plane" , THAN JUST CANT STOP REPLYING, YOU PAJETIS HAVE 0 SELF CONTROL.
i think it'll be a slow bleed out., because there are some that believed the flippening meme and will hold.
i sold my BCH already.
if i had some now, though, i would already be out.
there will be some dead cat bounces and some big holders try to get rid of their bags; so if you are still in and want to get out, those will be your chances
 (OP)Viva la revoluciónI'll take some of your soon to be worthless bitcoins and help clog the exchanges in swapping it for bch.
I'll footsoldier the shit out of this.
Down with BTC!1HP1JyqXxsu5ZhatVq8WPk4RK8iNTmwQ7K
not if they get the ticker and people have same btc as before just different entity in control right?
so to normies they don't feel the difference unless they're doing trading.
basically the changes are behind the scenes but the btc name will live on
fuck the normies, str8 out from the biz board underground
this 100% - in a couple of hours the hash difficulty goes up and it will be more profitable to mine BTC than BCH.
That's it, the pump is over, if you still have bags sell themmeanwhile I'll be buying ETH-alt pairs until this entire shitshow is over
That's what everyone said about GRS and VTC.
Stay poor.
i just made another 30 percent off the dip on BCH faggot.
go fuck yourself
can ver counter act this effect by pumping bch?
they hate a pajeet cause we're brownthey don't have the authority to kill a minority.
Shilling you tight shit for days
stupid whale doesn't know about difficulty increase
Safest thing to do right now is holding ETH/LTC.
Why is ETH soo stable.
WHO IS KEEPING THE FLOOR
4324849thats what they want you to believe, good luck.
Lets hope you made the right trade
lol chill out mate
Why is this larp thread still grtting bumped?Cut it
Idiot, bcc is forking to avoid this, Jihan and Ver wont change the hashing to btc now that they closer than ever to get to #2 again
That's why its going to pump silly.
The price needs to be high to retain the hash rate.
i stayed out of it today, sold some GAS, that was it, just watched the drama unfoldwatched Captain Philips, was a good sunday, 7/10
Made a tidy sum with BCH, buying at .14 and selling at .28Right now I'm taking the safe route with 50% in USD, 20% in ETH and 30% in BCCBCC may or may not go up but I don't feel safe in BTC atm
BCC >safe right nowif you want safe put that shit into more ETH or LTC
that would've only been the case with s2x if one chain had died immediately and another had taken its name so that normies wouldn't've even realized what happened.
When the world sees that there re 2 bitcoins and the same can happen anytime again in the future they will stay the fuck away from this shitshow>inb4 hurr everyone should've equal amounts of btc and bchAugust is over if you haven't noticed, and many people have entered crypto after that fork
Well mostly safe with some speculative holdings in BCC.. let's see what the chinks will do
and be sure to buy at the top as ill be ready to dump on you againweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
actual whale here.
im trapped in sea world can someone send help?
nothing is actually going to happen because btc tx's are stuck.
Since most whales hold their money in btc, nothing is going to happen tonight, unless the network gets unclogged.
If BCH really hits .5 tonight, I will believe everything that you say.If that doesn't happen, go eat a fat dick faggot.
Actual whale here too.
Looking for slow moving plankton and krill.
hey dumbasss, if you think bch will hit .5 tonight you are retarded.
enjoy your losses
whale>flies economy with no wifi
It would be a wise move to keep BCH at 1:1 with BTC for a while to facilitate transition.
Then when only stubborn holdouts are left, initiate Operation BTC Downfall and send BCH to the moon.
This.
The market would have noticed a spike in purchasing volume beforehand in top alts like eth and ltc if an extended huge pump was planned.
The BTC network is clogged and is essentially frozen.
This happened the last time bch pumped if you all remember.
A pump of the magnitude of last night to get this thing is .5 is not possible without the btc network functioning properly.
The market's been tapped.
You guys gotta critically think.
The most likely scenario is that the difficulty adjusts and btc is more profitable to mine again, and BCH drops down to $700-$800 range....for now.
Dont be salty that a functional bitcoin makes all your shitcoins obsolete