Let me hear your thoughts post "no wraith" and post "hurricane" and post "bad marketing guy" and post "bad pump and dump guy we don't support" and post "next bitcoin"?
kekthe greatest JUSTening since SIGT on /biz/Well, LINK too but the story isn't over on that one.
What’s with all the XVG hate?The devs sure good and active.
Community is great, friendly and lots of info.
Been in since way less than this and could’ve panic sold 10 times.
Nope.
Why you guys are shitting on it so bad is beyond me, they missed a deadline with 2 releases.
What do you think happens when they drop?Go take your Monero and fuck off, lemming
xvg brought back ika-posting so i cant complain
lmao at muh hurricanes.
XVG is the vape of crypto, the XVG community is so fucking dirty and pleb, I've visited their telegram and I can smell the incense burning and hear phish playing in the background while these fags talk about their "mad gainz" with their dogecoin dark shitcoin.
The dev team is criminally incompetent and the technology is completely inferior to Monero.
I'm not sure how anyone that's sane can defend it.
These are literally just cheesy childish insults with zero substance to back it up.
If they’re so incompetent why aren’t you coding something better?
Let me guess, you don’t even code, at all.
Right?Dude you’re just a stupid packy that isn’t even a coder or developer, trying to shill his shitty Monero
What’s with all the XVG hate?>they missed a deadline with 2 releasesgee, its almost like they wanted to pump the price without actually doing anything
LOL, when they release the wraith wallet after the giant countdown they did not even have wraith built into the wallet!
LOL, you watch, they will come back 1 month from now and claim some other big news and then have another pump lol, I really think it is 2 guys that have very good marketing and some Indian dude that does the wallet programming.
They are coding every day and the windows release comes soon.
What the fuck are you idiots even talking about?Nobody here seems to interact with the community st all, just a bunch of haters, nothing new to see here
are you the lead XVG dev or some shit?>has time to post on chinese cartoon forums>has time to tripfag>doesn't have time to release the rape protocol
The countdown thing was stupid but it’s hardly the end of the world lol, holy fuck you guys are dramatic.
I haven’t lose ya money on this investment, I’m not sure how the rest of you morons are saying you have.
I thought they said a couple days ago that they were getting the windows wallet "compiled" and it would drop within 24 hours.... or was it a different thing I was thinking about that did not happen?
The price has dropped since wraith supposed release date (look at price of BTC-USD and BTC-XVG) in real dollars.
Are you fucking incompetent?
Yes you’ve figured it out, I’m the creator of XVG, awesome work Sherlock.Just an investor that doesn’t understand the hyperbolic retarded fear from you guys against a team that hasn’t wronged me in any waySorry if I don’t hop on your bandwagon
These are literally just cheesy childish insults with zero substance to back it up.Without substance?
They've repeatedly missed deadlines and gone back against their own policy of not announcing deadlines, then making a fucking countdown clock to a new wallet release that they then released late and its major announced feature unfinished.
If this is incompetent then it's just completely amateurish.
Not sure why anyone would sink money into Verge right now, you'd have to be a retarded bagholder to still have faith in their soon™ promises.Also their marketing claims of anonymity are bullshit.
Get BTFO you stupid namefag.P.S.
I made money on the XVG pump thanks to Twentya but there is no way I'm holding it.
It's a shitcoin.
Maybe if you’re s complete retard that bought it st the top of a spike?It’s safely been in the 90-105 zone for some time now and I’m in since far below that.
Forgive me for not crying or panic selling
Once again, a bunch of over dramatic hyperbolic garbage.
I don’t believe you at all, sorry, you’re an XML holder.
You made money and still hate the project, yeah, that seems very credible.
I believe you faggot.
You said it very well.
Their whole product release was centered around the hidden protocol.
Then once the countdown ended they claimed they didn't know about the countdown clock and then said they could not stop it and then they said they fired the marketing guy who made it.
Then the dev said he did not like to be under deadlines and did not like the marketing guy.
LOL this is the funniest shit I have ever seen in crypto.
You are a true dumb fuck.
If you believe this coin has a future you deserve to hold the bags back down to 4 sats where it started before all this bs
Does anyone know why there was such a spike on this coin in June?
Listen you drug-addled cocksleeve, I will make money on guaranteed gains regardless of the shitcoin.
Twentya delivered in the past on Zencash and he called the Verge pump.
He had insider info and if he calls something else again I will definitely believe it.
Now, the pump wasn't as big as he predicted but if you got in when he said you could have made a cool 30% gain on whatever bitcoin you invested.
The coin itself?
Anyone that understands anything about crypto understands that Verge is a shitcoin.
It's Dogecoin Dark and they want to integrate Tor?
Wew lad, really innovative.
You can use Tor to interact with any blockchain you want, still doesn't mean the coins are fungible or that the funds can't be traced using blockchain analysis.