Im holding BTC, XMR, LTC, ETH until 2021 am I going to make it?
add LINK duh
remove monero, add some xrp and syscoin and you are golden.
Why ripple I thought that was bankers centralized coin?
trade LTC for LINK
no, just no....
listening to retards on /biz/
remove moneroretard detected
Not sure about ETH, but otherwise you are fine.
Why is OMG crossed out?
you'll be fine, OP.
you've avoided the shitcoin trap that most of these retards seem to fall into
OMG 2018.
I feel sorry youre going to miss this one.
If youre not a bad person maybe reconsider.
no ARKSon, you're really not gonna make it.
Need neo stellar and bcash imoOtherwise good
What does LTC have to offer that Bitcoin, the default crypto, does not?
Exactly this.
sia crossed outYou will never make it.
Litecoin is retarded as fuck buddy.
But Bitcoin, eth, and monero are the best picks on the list for sure.
I think Ark is promising, I'd put some capital towards that as well but not as much as the others.
4379062all these fucking pajeets trying to shill their heavy LINK bags, LOL....nobody is buying that total disaster of a shitcoin, get it through your fucking skulls.
i'm so glad i sold it at 40 cents, it was obvious as fuck it wasn't going anywhere.
they managed to raise a whopping 32 million fucking dollars for a bunch of useless ethereum tokens, and what are they doing with those exorbitant funds?
not spending it on marketing and project development, that's for sure...they can't even be arsed to spend a couple of bucks to get that shite listed on bittrex.
Im still holding sia from juneWhen will it moon again?
XMR and ETH are definitely good holds.
LTC, being useless, is going to die violently whenever the crypto bubble bursts, but maybe that will be after 2021.
I'm not going to try to predict what will happen with BTC.No other coins seem particularly exciting.
I'm not a prophet to tell you exactly when, but it will inevitably moon.
Maybe in 2018.
Maybe 2019.
The best thing about Sia is that it opens unused storage of ordinary users computers to the open market.
I have 1tb disk for example and half of it is unused.
And there are millions of people like me.
This storage will be sold for SC.
Just like petrodollar this will be storagesiacoin.Add to that high download speeds and complete privacy of data.
omg crossed outI understand you hate money, but c'mon man.
about two days after we sell for a loss
Yes banks will use it.
USE it.
One of the few coins that will actually be used.
Thats why I tell you to buy xrp and syscoin, they go mainstream next year :).Cut monero it's nothing special, but people here like to shill it a lot, guess they bought high and are holding heavy bags.
Hold some Cash too.
Maybe Dash.
But otherwise, yeah.
Stellar is absolute shit.
Stop shilling your bags
kek, the XRP token is useless, it's not necessary to run the network.
enjoy the bags.
Actually sounds pretty good desu.
Currently ballsdeep in neo and ark, with a splash of substratum.Used to have ethereum but the profit is too low and their leadership is dangerously unprofessional.
Check m.
yeah, and then they suppress the price to make it cheaper to cut down their costs ^^
No one has said a fucking thing about XRP and how it will be used.
The swell conference not only didn't address it, they basically dismissed crypto as a currency.
So the management doesn't even care or have any interest in how to use the tokenRipple will grow but XRP doesn't have anything to do with Ripple at this point.
They are going to try to crowbar it into some kind of initiative, it will pump and everyone goes home with heavy bags.Sorry but what makes sense about banks requiring XRP to use the network that must be acquired by some knob that posts wojacks all fucking day
LTC, being useless, is going to die violently whenever the crypto bubble burstsHow is LTC useless?
Not even a linkie but i'd sooner believe link mooning over ltc mooning
You can look up how XRP will be used.
Basically it's bank needing to have large volumes of it and with transactions a very very tiny bit gets burned.
If bank don't own large amounts of XRP transactions cannot be run on a large scale.Please start reading because you can simply find out how xrp is being used..............
It's just a clone of Bitcoin, the only difference is that it's actually usable at the moment because there are less transactions for the network to process.
But someone who's willing to use an altcoin in the first place is probably going to go for an actual improvement, like XMR.
tell that to lysergi
Dude add DGB...
It's just a clone of Bitcoin, the only difference is that it's actually usable at the moment because there are less transactions for the network to processFalse.
Try again.
this
monero's gonna be 1000$.
Monero is the shit for privacy unlike Shitcoin.
Shitcoin's only good because it's the first and therefore more popular.
Why hold anything other than BTC?
In 4 years time the value of BTC is going to be worth more than those shitty alts.
Is 3333 ark enough?
whats wrong with digibyte?
implying BTC and BCH survive next year
I've the same portfolio but you should also put a BTC in Zencash.
Yes, that's $300k in a year.
Kek triggered
Monero has stayed at  more or less for the last 6 months.
It's stagnant.