Ok biz, I dont know shit about finances and I want to do something with my cash, where the hell do I start?
The stock market?
Crypto shit?Pic related
buy this https://christcoins.io/
17,200>lota of moneyKEEEEEEEEEEEEEK
I have 40 dollars in my checking as well as that.
Who's laughing now?
That's almost what I have in crypto, and as long as it doesn't crash/get banned, I'll have $100k before this time next year.
Maybe even if, because 20 percent of my portfolio is an uncensorable, untraceable crypto that is guaranteed to go 10x if the market as a whole does.
Also hold Dcorp with 1/4, pays dividends, will run an exchange with leverage, and Blockchain VC firm where token holders get voting rights on the ideas pitched.
Other big bags of Request Network, and Chainlink, just because if /biz/ all does get rich off of it I would never be able to post here again if I didn't make it.
Some random shitcoins strewn about, some Eth I use for daytrading if I'm feeling it, otherwise it stays in Eth.
But you should drop at least half that in crypto.
And everyone is going to say that here, lol.
It's high risk, high reward, but the technology is clearly the future.
Once it becomes more certain that governments can't/won't ban it, it will be bigger than the stock market because it's worldwide with such a small barrier to entry.
But put in only what you can lose.
If you lost that sum tomorrow, would your life be fine?
Fuck it, all-in boi
I know there is a shit ton of different crip currency right now what are some of the better ones I should look into?
The ones I listed at the least,MoneroDCorpRequest NetworkChainlink (maybe.
It's either meme or mega-moon)EthereumGet you a whole Bitcoin before they're 50k each this time next year, lolPut maybe a couple hundred dollars into it first to get practice buying things on exchanges and moving around money.
I lost 2 Monero back in the early days being a dumbass.
Cut instead of copied the seed phrase to login, then copy/pasted an address.
On computer so there was no clipboard like on Android.
Saved the Txt file when I exited, didn't realize what had happened for weeks when I went to move them and realized they were gone forever.
I'm glad I made that mistake early on with not as much
Alright, thanks for the help.
I really do appreciate it since I have no idea what im doing.