this thing is going to explode when it upgrades on November 13th.
all the big block miners will switch over to BCH in the absence of B2X.
don't mess this one up
C O P E
Desperate
Tippu Topu kekku
4261392when you try to make /biz/ moneyok, keep buying link or dgb or whatever other shitcoin of the month you'll be pink wojak posting over
Strapped in
i think he's just trying to hint, to anyone that has some actual skin in the gameif you don't have much invested, look into it.
you may turn your peanuts into coconuts
godspeed anon
BCH is going to hard fork on november 13th to adjust the mining difficulty, which will make it more profitable to mine on the chain.
Chinese miners will switch over from BTC, especially because they were already planning on switching to B2X anyway
When bitcoin goes up 10% Bitcoin Cash pushed 35%.
Better to be in Bitcoin Cash right now.
Yes it sounds great for bitcoin to jump from 7K to 7.5K but % wise it's way less than Bitcoin Cash moves.
Go figure.
Please explain the change to the difficulty further.
I'm curious about it but don't know where to find info about it.
Will they be changing how the EDA works?
If difficulty is so low, won't there be a huge influx of BCH since blocks are being solved faster, increasing inflation until it's no longer profitable?thanks
Its over.
You lost.
We won.
Deal with it.
Yeah, thats why big money is buying in to Bitcoin Cash - NOT!
Pic EXTREMELY related.
and it's been climbing steadybuy pressure is exceeding sell pressure.
take away that sell pressure and this would be through the roof already.
Let them dump all they want.
People will keep buying.
when it hits coinbase, more will sell.
more will buy.
it'll keep growing phaguette
I don't try to call tops, almost impossible.
safe to say it's going to at least 1kit's not so much making it easier to mine in terms of getting rewarded with more coins, but making the difficulty adjustment respond much faster (within minutes as opposed to days) to how many miners are on the chain, so it's much smoother4262112ten satoshi has been deposited into your core shill account
#Deluded You’re an ocean liner encircled by uboats.Your mempool is fullYour difficulty will adjust upwards soonYour miners will leaveYour crooked exchange will fallYou will post pink wojaks if you are not in BCH.
#fair warning
BTC; Harder difficulty, very expensive.
BCH ; easy "difficulty", VERY CHEAP.
Want me to draw you a fucking PICTURE?
Here.
Pic related.
BTC "total work" is about to slow down.
let that chart extend another year, jackass.
chart starts when segshit started.
you're only fooling newbs here
You just torpedoed yourself, Dumbfuck.
BTC ; Harder difficulty.
You have no clue what that means.
Relative to difficulty of BCH vis a vis coin value.
You scam shills are the dumbest motherfuckers I've ever run across, and the ones who buy your bullshit are even dumber than that, if such a thing were possible.
Please put that extension cord in the corner to good use.
Holy shit, that looks scary.
NOT!
buying continues.
3K is not much these days.
Eat shit.
You scammers lost.
Deal with it, Faggot.
Suck on your BCH historical scam charts, Faggot.
More buying still.
They come in and then buy a whole bunch and few days later same happens.
Go figure.
Sell to the big whales now and stay poor.
And now, for the Grand finale, compare your Scam Dick chart to the real Bitcoin's chart.
Buying this shitcoin is no different from buying 2x futures
Admit it.
You just got your scam shit pushed in by someone with much higher IQ, and better memes.
4262227you realize if you zoom in on areas of the BTC chart (or most other charts) to the same time period that BCH has existed, it would look similar?
I hope you're getting paid well to FUD this desperately
Here is a more accurate picture of an AIDS ridden Bitcoin Cash Somali Butt Pirate posing as Muh real Bitcoin.
The most recent time price didn't go up because of a 'pump'.
It went up organically.
Since prices went over $600 the new trend is sideways rather than down, which was the case after the pumps.Obviously, somebody is afraid of BCH for some reason that they got to push all this FUD.
Same dude every BCH thread, same FUD same shit meme, same shit FUD.
Dafuq you talking about, Pajeet?
those are charts for the duration of both coins.
Of coarse you want me to zoom in on the fomo period of one of your BCH Scam pump and dumps to make it look like Bitcoin.
Faggot.
lol 8+ years vs less than 1 year.
How can you even try to justify that?
Bitcoin cash is going to be king.
Current bitcoin will be called bitcoin classic.
Just like they have done it with Ethereum.
Now go back to bed.
Two days ago you were posting about how 2x had 80% hashrate.
That was bullshit too.
You made the mistake of attacking core Bitcoin with scams and misinformation.
You will pay for it the rest of your existence.
Hey, what can't go down must go up.
Bitcoin Cash is also what the CME will use for their future.
No way the CME could bind Bitcoin to their futures.
1MB blocks can't handle that at all.
This is what I think.
Ohw and also the CME clearly stated CASH settlement.
Bitcoin CASH I think.
Just read between the lines and you'll see why Bitcoin Cash will be Bitcoin soon and Bitcoin will become Bitcoin Classic.
they don't even try to hide the fact that they're off-board paid shills, posting the same images that don't have 4chan filenames.
it's kind of funny
Most of you faggots in this scam group live in Australia.
What are you even doing?
Should I report you shitsacks to The Queen?
I think I will.
Accumulated work is bitcoin.
BCH can't catch up.
I know it is hard to admit that you could have make more % in Bitcoin cash than in bitcoin classic.
Come on just admit it.
And this is just the beginning.
Watch the coming years as Bitcoin Cash will be rebranded to Bitcoin and the current Bitcoin to Bitcoin classic.
It is Bitcoin cash that will reach the $1 million per coin.
watch and learn or stay poor.
Bitcoin classic is outdated, can't handle the transactions already, WTF you think is going to happen if the CME futures would be bind to the current Bitcoin?
LOL
Look at the little Faggots wiping their drives.
It won't help.
It's to late.
it was always to late.
burger hereyou try to hard and are likely underpaid for your efforts
For (You)
4262356this one's starting to go off script and is beginning to speak nonsense.
you ok guy?
Is it that obvious?
Its obvious this scam group does not know eho they are fucking with.
Off planned scam raid script?
Sorry.
I'm not part of your scam pump and dump group.
Ready for the rope, shill?
Mr Quaedvlied, of Australian Customs Enforcement is a personal acquaintance.
He has just been notified of your nightly scams.
Aren't you Lads barred from Crypto?
hmmmm ?
bitcoin was created for p2p transactions to take place between two people, anywhere in the world, with no intermediaries and low transaction fees./thread
Run along and wipe your drive now.
After that, I'm sure Mum has tendies ready upstairs.
See what happens when your high difficulty coin loses its hash power.You still have time to not lose everything, just accept reality
 4chan filenamesyou realize most people arent autistic enough to keep a folder of saved 4chan reaction images right?
They just go on google images and paste the link in the file boxthe moment you start doing things to make an internet board part of your identity, is the moment youve lost at life.
If you were on reddit you'd be buying reddit shirts and trying to get gold, playing those stupid fucking reply chain games, fucking faggot
it already does that faggot.
Try sending money to your family with western union and see if you still feel like complaining about bitcoinyou fucking kids born post-internet are retarded
Try sending money to your family with western union and see if you still feel like complaining about bitcoinattempted argument for high fees, slow confirmation time and off chain scaling
last time i moved BCH the fees were nearly identical, and the confirmation time was SIGNIFICANTLY slower than BTC.
Exactly what am I meant to be investing in preferentially?
The promises of a greedy chink that it will eventually be better, as opposed to just investing more in the technology that already works?Thats the thing with you alt fags, if anything - anything at all - was actually as superior to bitcoin as frequently claimed, it would be self evident.
It would bear out in practice and it would be an unavoidable reality that would have to be acknowledged.So far, sweet fuck all.
last time i moved BCH the fees were nearly identicalyou know you set the fee right?
are you trying to argue full blocks don't increase fees?>the confirmation time was SIGNIFICANTLY slower than BTCthis is possible but when eda is fixed on 13 nov it won't happen again.btc has the possibility of chain death spira; bch does notOnce again are you trying to argue a larger blocksize has less transaction capacity?>Exactly what am I meant to be investing in preferentially?bitcoin.
if you looked at btc and bch code without the name no one would identify btc as bitcoin.
Did you fuck up and think btc is bitcoin because it retained the name?>it would be self evident1 cent fees, 0 confirmation transactions possible, second highest monthly volume and third highest market cap even though it is only 3 months old.
Satoshi dice returns, yours.org.
No need for segwit and its security concerns or potential for patentable (profitable) off chain scaling and when it comes time to scale off chain lightning network is still possible>in before muh node centralisationcan still introduce node rewardsmoores law won't stop till 2021 but after that transistors will continue to get cheaper per gb just not smaller
convince me not to buy bitcoin cash
listen faggots, crypto investors FIEND for news.
no more segwit2x and no more upcoming forks or news or developments means BTC going to bleed like a lil bitch.
BCH with its upcoming fork news is going to get those hungry investors real good.
buy now or stay poor
Answer me this shill.
What the fuck are people doing with their bitcoin cash?
I dont see a single person using it.
Sites accept bitcoin and eth, but wtf is the point of it?
LMAO are you going to wait till every site accept BCH to invest in it?
by then the price is going to moon and it will be too late for you.
but its coming, BCH community is so emotional invested in making BCH a usable currency.
All we need is BCH added to coinbase - it will fucking skyrockets :)
If sites dont accept it then it will never moon.
If no one is using it then where is its value?
At least people are using bitcoin for money laundering, drugs, a few legit sites ect.
So it has value outside of gambling
adoption of btc has slowed because the developers were trying to make it only a store of value.
bch can function as cash and a store of value.like this  guy said if you need to wait for things to be adopted to see that they will be you're going to miss out.
I hold no bias between these coins, but I disagree on this.
I feel as though BHC is forking too early - just three months into its online life.
It is going to dilute its legacy chain.
You will not see BTC flocking into BCH, because the initial BCH is already low value, the fork will be even lower value, and the general consensus is that one branch of a fork will always be the runt who feeds the more successful chain.
So BCH forking after 3 months will mean SOME BCH users may cash out for the fork coin, weakening BCH.
Others will treat the new alt as an airdrop and buy back into BCH.
Those will be existing hodlers who, while doubling up their BCH holdings, are not going to buy in a pattern that raises trade price to such a degree as the lauch dump.I personally feel this fork only adds to the appearance of BCH as a pumpndump scamcoin, and actually appears a little desperate to the wider world.
BCH community is so emotional invested in making BCH a usable currency.>>BCH community is so emotional investedAlarm bells, lads.
it's not a contentious fork there will not be 2 bchs
I see.
Then that is nowhere near so bad as appeared.
I only went on previous discussions in forming that opinion, and it appears many people have the same misapprehension about the upcoming fork.
That is something BCH should be much clearer about to alleviate the negative perception of forking and the FUD.
Call it an upgrade not a fork, if no new alt is to be produced, because right now people are most concerned about dillution.
It's a soft fork.
You don't need to do anything.
Basically they just changed the difficulty adjustment algorithm so that miners can't exploit it.
Outcome is that BCH will gain hash power from BTC
the beauty of free markets is that if you can find the truth you will be rewarded for it.
Don't blame others for your own incompetence
You can find accurate information in any system, it is not an attribute of a free market whatsoever.But this is missing my point: the lack of clarity, whatever its origin or outcome, is damaging the BCH brand right now.
This is not an instance of "You will benefit if you get the good gen".
This is "too many people have a misconception, and it is infecting the whole ecosystem".I would offer that moving away from references of a fork is the smart bet.
There will be no new alt; no dillution of BCH volumes.
It is simply an "update".
All monies stay as they were.
where the fuck do they come from?
there's something so fucking unusual about these threads compared to the regular shilling
how do I know that its not a contentious hard fork and you don't?
I'm either smarter than you or I researched more I am then rewarded for that by the free market
No, you do not follow.
In the current situation, you cannot benefit from having better information.
There's no fork, there is no speculative trade to make.At best, you can say your information may convince you to hodl rather than panic sell.
But, if the dominating news story is a hard fork and a new alt, then your BCH hodl is going to fall in value anyway, so you are left holding a shrinking net worth, even though you technically did the smartest thing, with the best information.That is how fudged coverage can damage smart people.
I have a more accurate perception of risk than you
so you are left holding a shrinking net worthOnly until people realise they were wrong, which in this case will take a mere 3 days.
You're overthinking it.
Ironically you're falling victim to the exact mistake you're describing.The situation is actually very simple: BCH will pump in the next few days as a result of the confusion and doubt surrounding 2x.
Don't get too hung up on details.
What's with the influx of BCH spamers lately?
If you want to suck Roger's and Jihan's cocks, do it on r/btc.
You can have the best risk perception on the planet, and the most recent, perfect information.
But unless you are a whale that can move prices at a whim, that is irrelevant if the rest of the market is dumping based on bad gen.
I am not talking in generalisations here, I am looking specifically at BCH.
It is young, it is precarious still.
It MAY go to zero.
No, it probably won't, but poor info this early on may cripple it forever.
Sure, you can buy dips.
But if you accrue more but your existing holdings have plunged in value in the meantime, you are not the winner.
Again: all that can happen even if you make the smart trade on good info - if a critical mass of the market has been mislead.Maybe.
You can never know the future with full confidence.
An inability to present clear information on a relatively new coin will be seen as a point of concern.
If people want disinfo and swindles, they will just stick with fiat.
A lack of clarity that results in a few insiders getting rich will break BCH.
you're trying to argue that knowing less doesn't make a difference
Not at all.
As I pointed out, the problem is not the coin itself.
Nor is it the upgrade.
The problem is the media surrounding it.
Nothing is more damaging to an altcoin than the appearance that it is a scamcoin run by a select few insiders.
"Ha!
I just had better info!"
is the problem, unfortunately.
Cryptocurrencies are attractive to investors who put monetary value on consensus and transparency.
If BCH tries to position itself as "the dirty tricks and machiavellian competitiveness" coin, it will lose.
man seeing eth at 400 made me cum a lil bit, then i realized it was aud and it got back in
No, thatäs not what I am saying in the least.
I am saying that if a critical mass of people know less, then they can end up dragging down the earnings of those who DO know more, and do trade right.
Price discovery on an open market is consensual.
If the mass of the market just walks away, your holding loses value.You may numerically have gained, but you take with it an illiquid market which is unable to attract new money.
I understand exactly what you're saying and I agree.My point is that in this case, the bad information revolves around the creation of a new coin at the time of the fork.
This fork will occur in 3 days.
When this time comes, it quickly becomes obvious to everyone that the coin did not split.
End result is a short running misconception, no long term depreciation, and good gains for those who did their research.
So if it’s indeed gonna be a soft fork, then wtf is qoinpro on about?
There's always a chance.
Similar statements were made when Ethereum upgraded to Metropolis
hard forks always result in two blockchains but if it's not contentious only one blockchain continues because no one buys, mines or supports the old chain
Maybe.
It's a young coin.
Bad, negligent, or apparently incompetent technical support and reporting that appears to favour an insider group will be damaging for everyone who hodls in the long term.
We haven't been here before, so we do not know what the outcomes may be.A lack of clarity in reporting, followed by a "sucks to be you" attitude will affect its growth potential.
And, at that point, even the smart investors will see that the lie of the land has shifted, and they will go, too.People need to understand that cryptocurrencies are NOT about competition.
They are not zero-sum.
Someone else buying does not harm your wealth creation potential of the future.
The coins that survive and thrive are the ones with the most inclusive communities.
failure to represent changes in the operations of your coin will damage its value.
See?
This is exactly what I was going on about.
This is a really big alarm bell for anybody holding BCH and eager for it not to be seen as another scamcoin.
It's starting to look like a duck and quack like a duck.
x just died, don't you get it?
there is only one bitcoin, and shitcoin crash is next.
So, SegWit was nothing else than Blockstream stealing money from miners.
How the hell did this ever get greenlight from the core devs?
It's already mooning.Honestly wish I had more
Blockstream == core devs.There used to be 2 more core devs, but blockstream destroyed their lives to get into power.
Why are so many people still shilling for the core devs?
Aren't they aware that they're turning Bitcoin into a steaming pile of propriety shit?
How can you be sure they aren't 50 rupee shitposters living in India?It's another bagholder recruitment drive like they had back in August to prevent the price collapsing further.
So, everyone here read that memo about Segwit2x being scrapped to keep the community together...
Right?
Kiss and make up.
especially because they were already planning on switching to B2X anywaySuddenly all your said word lost their value
Theymos please fuck off back to /r/bitcoin, you can't censor us here and your paid fud/shill army doesn't even bother with new content making them extremely easy to spot.I've read your shitposts and you're clearly attempting to fud a very simple and positive upgrade to the BCH blockchain.BCH is growing rapidly, if you go to /r/btc right now you'll see posts of new sites accepting BCH and new users asking how to buy because they're currently unable to buy on coinbase.The fact of the matter is BCH is cheaper, faster and more reliable than BTC will ever be because BCH is not being strangled by Blockstream.I can use BCH right now and the fee will be less than a cent and the transaction will always be included in the next block.BCH's market price is set to rocket very soon, if you haven't noticed the market is starting to pay attention to BCH for what it is, Bitcoin.
you're going to be very rich, anoncongratulations
so mad so quick
C O P E
click my poster id.
Read my posts.
Understand that if you think my disinterested views on the dangers of weak reporting and support are an example of partisan bias, it is you who already has a bias.
Kill yourself and jam your gibberish up your arsehole (say hi to adam while you're there)
>tfw you realize it's infinitely more likely for eCommerce to accept bitcoin cash over bitcoin
seeing your imaginary friends and enemies in anon's postsIt's called pattern recognition and confirmation bias, lad.
Sure kike, any other horseshit you'd like to try to confuse and deceive us with?
Sure.
Tell me which part of any of my posts exposed my semitic roots, and then I will attempt to deceive you again with my goy-destroying mind.Seriously, quote anything from my posts that you think is in any way partisan here.
Remember to keep any quote in context.
Cherrypicking soundbites is for plebs.
explain
 dollar fees vs 0.02
Litecoin is cheaper, its already on coinbase.
It doesn't have the mother of all dumps impending.Also, eCommerce doesn't mean shit to the value of crypto at the moment, because hardly anyone uses it for that.BCH shills are the worst.
Litecoin also has no scaling solution.
Swap to that and you'll run into the exact same problems.
Kek.
Sure thing Faggot
If any coin is going to flippen BTC, it is ETH not BCH.
Congratulations to all those who did their research on Bitcoin cash (BCH).You will make it in a year or 2, maybe sooner.Ignore all these hired pajeets no2xers final month before they are dismissed.
I bought bch at 650 desu I believe this coin has future but no reason to shill it this hard really
market cap on litecoin is to low for ever reaching mass adaption especially after trying for six years now
>It’s another pajeet theead
The only hired pajeet here is you, curry nigger
1GyMyheMeNvb3VnKHYUtRi1pHgSaUp3s93I would like to fight superstition this way :)
What are you attempting to do here?
Do you believe this is reddit or twitter where you can post mind-numbing statements with no actual content?
You arguing with yourself, you can't put yourself on a pedestal here.I'm not surprised that Blockstream is getting desperate enough to attempt to change opinions here but it simply doesn't work on 4chan, the obvious reason being you can't fucking downvote/censor me.
You're better off wasting your time on echo chambers such as reddit/twatter or playing the autistic software developers against each other.Bitcoin Cash is beyond your control and no amount of propaganda can stop its growth.
Theymos biz mod fucking when
You're literally trying to shout down someone (me) who has repeatedly posted there should be no favouritism in the game, that BTC and BCH have equal viability - if they are allowed to remain decentralised and receive adequate support.
You are screeching repeatedly that I am some guy who packed your shit in on a completely different board - different site - on the internet, like he is some Gary Oak who follows you about owning you time after time.
You appear quite mad.
Segwit2x was all a hilarious sham.
Anyone with a brain saw it early on that there was no fucking reason to stagger the Segwit and 2X parts apart like that.
It was meant to shim in Segwit under the guise of a compromise, and fuck the blocksize increase.That's how these fuckers play.
If you do more than a cursory amount of research at the money behind 1X and 2x, you see pretty clearly that it is the same group, DCG.
They're behind Garzik, and they're behind Blockstream.These are big corporations whose continued existance depends on crippling on-chain Bitcoin, so that they can provide "second layer", off chain "solution" that they can monetize.This is their vision of the future: Your Coinbase or Xapo (look who is behind Xapo and tell me Bitcoin-1x is the enemy of the banks, lol) account or card is your spending power.
It is fluid and fast as fuck BECAUSE NONE OF YOUR TRANSACTIONS ACTUALLY REGISTER ON THE BITCOIN BLOCKCHAIN.
Only the "settlements" between the big companies get "registered"Larger and larger transactions are currently being priced out.
It's now economically unfeasible to send under $5 due to fees.
tl;dr the original vision of bitcoin is completely gone, its done.
BLockstream/DCG/banks won.
Crypto carries on the vision, with the likes of Bitcoin Cash, Monero, Ethereum, etc.
BTC is a shitcoin it is absolutely not equal to BCH, it is not politically polarized (sabotaged) by a private entity, additionally BTC is extremely expensive and extremely slow while BCH is the complete opposite.
They both are virtually the same dude just let it go
https://cashvscore.com/Sure do
Basically they just changed the difficulty adjustment algorithm so that miners can't exploit it.
Outcome is that BCH will gain hash power from BTCWhy would BCH gain hashpower?
The whole thing about the EDA was that hashpower swung wildly as profitability swung, meaning miners would suddenly rush in and it would mine 60 blocks in an hour.
Always profitable than BTC.
You Can Now Accelerate Your Stuck Bitcoin Transaction by Paying with Bitcoin Cashhttp://www.trustnodes.com/2017/11/09/can-now-accelerate-stuck-bitcoin-transaction-paying-bitcoin-cash
Why?
Explain the mechanism.
https://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
Faggot comment .).
You sir, are a real faggot congraz.
lol the irony is fantastic

literally who is selling a fraction of a percentage of marketcap over a 3 month period FUCK SELL EVERYTHING
segwit>not aids
Miners will jump on another coin after they rejected a btc forkUh huh
There are people saying this will happen.
I'm guessing BCH shows us this would only happen with profitability, which is why I'm waiting for an explanation fromas to the mechanism for permanent profitability no matter how many miners jump in, and no matter the exchange rate.Big if true.Captcha: Adams Pump
This is outright lies.
I sent BTC today for a cost of almost $30 and BCH for a cost of $.30.
Fees will drive adoption.
Even as a "store of value" which is a shill argument for BTC, it won't hold up.
Segwit is a fraud and they are purposely keeping blocks limited to siphon off money from BTC via fees and off chain "solutions".BCH is Bitcoin.
Segwit is not.
I take it you didn't send from a segwit address
implying this isn't all of crypto
LTC is a segshit coin.
Fucking this.
Although I heard that XMR might add Segshit.
Hopefully that isn't correct.Segwit and limited blocksizes is literally a (((banking))) take over of the blockchain.
Wake up you faggots.
Segwit isn't a decentralized blockchain solution.
It's the antithesis of crypto.
BX1 will probably have people fooled until EOY, but to anyone paying attention the time to flippen is now.
Hahahhahahahahhahahahhahah this Faggot
You can't claim segwit doesn't solve fees and give a personal example if you don't use segwit
Segwit centralizes transactions and requires 3rd party trust.
It's a fraud and also allows for a cartel style 51% attack that isn't possible on Bitcoin Classic or BCash.
https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG
Ridiculous, what happens when C4$H' average blocks get over 1MB and starts gaining and Shitcoin#1 can't match throughput?
How do think that never ending race is going to end up?
They aren't even that far ahead you muppet
Fuck off, chinks
Above .9 goyim
>my thread from yesterday is still up thanks to the pajeet core FUDersmooning now, hope you guys listened.
expect continuous steady climbs all the way up until the fork
Will you sell or hold trough fork?
will probably wait and see it people are treating it as a "sell the news" event or not
Again congratulations to those who actually did their own research and bought bch a month ago.
Bittrex is starting to have a fucking stroke trying to keep up!
THE FLIPPENING IS HERE WHY DIDN'T YOU LISTEN!?
Oh it gets funnier, you can't buy mining equipment with BTC or LTC or $, you must pay in Bitcoin Cash only.Fuck knows why people can't see the writing on the wall.
Bitcoin Cash is going to explode up in value soon, the market is only just starting to realise.
Starting to see people swap btc for bch.
Just check bitfinex.
MAH DICK
Currently got 8, should I double up?
sorry but I'm all in on chainlink
Should go all in.
This is shaping up to be the big one!
It might double top.
Buy the dip if it does, if it doesn't buy anyways.
going all in at market highsNever change /biz/
Double top you say?Have you seen the accumulation algorithm in action just now, that thing had a specific order in mind , and it was bring BCH above 0.1 satoshi within 24 hours.
If difficulty is so low, won't there be a huge influx of BCH since blocks are being solved faster, increasing inflation until it's no longer profitable?The EDA is being changed to solve the problem you describe.lolololololBitcoin Cash doesn't give a fuck about Bitcoindie Corecuck, die
The flippening is real, and I hope anons don't lose it all, or scramble to catch up.Educate yourselves.
Please.
AHH FUGG THEY BROKE MUH DICK
I know >leddit and all, but take a look at /r/bitcoin and /r/btc sometime.
They are both full of the same paid shills since a year or so.
They seem to have found /biz/ now.As for who pays them, the Bitcoin Core devs and/or their supporters.
4273232SELL SELL SELL
% of those who are going to get wiped out are normies, fuck them - particularly those normies who bought after the fork lol
I've been in Bitcoin and crypto since 2010, no larp.
I think the old timers recognize BCH as Satoshi's vision, not even memeing.
on-chain settling, zero-conf, no barrier to entry global instant cheap/free payments backed by cryptographic proof-of-work, that is what I was sold and that is what I believe in
This is very accurate
BCH BULL TRAP!
4273812
And it just so happens, that these early adopters have a large amount of money, resources, and influence.