Hi /biz/,I know you're all pros and always have something to say about anything that can be marked to a market.Please criticize my humble portfolio of cryptocurrencies.Also, I have about 15k more to add to this, if you have any coins to shill, and bags for me to hodl, please advise me.
You only have $3000 and you are diversifying into 6 different coins.
You will never make it.
REQ
You haven't said what the goal is.
Are you in for the long term or not?
What's your investment horizon?Also, I don't see any Monero, you've got to fix that.
Get in neo while you still can.
https://hackernoon.com/neo-onchain-and-its-ultimate-plan-dna-4c33e9b6bfaa
Blockfolio brother!
sell your fucking bch
At this point, my goal is to see about a 25% growth from 15k USD by Christmas.
I am "in" for the long term in the sense that after I have achieved my goal, I plan to tuck away my gains in a stable currency such as ETH.
I have been hearing things about USDT that gives me some concern about putting it all in there after december.In stocks the minimum amount for diversification in any portfolio is said to be around $500-1M USD.
What do you reckon is the minimum amount for Cryptocurrencies?
Thanks anons
4426213Nice, REQ - is this a short-term hold?
I was under the impression that the BCH is a hedge on BTC volatility as of last 2 weeks
Definitely stay away from Tether, it's shady biz.
If it all crumbles it will be a disaster.
Req buy it
Well not really, because BCH has been volatile as fuck too (mostly because of the pump).
It is an hedge though, because miners should follow profitability.
BCH should see some upward action in proximity of the next difficulty adjustment.
Ok so far:MoneroNEOREQI'm thinking of placing $5,000 on ETH, $5,000 on BTC, and 5000 on altcoins such as:POWR,Monero
Has everyone just forgotten about this?
Only 3000Actually bought link lmaoNo IOTAJesus Christ kid just buy mutual funds
IOTA - why?
Sell Powr for Walton or Metaverse.
Its not going any higher than this once investors realise an energy market will take 10 years to change.
tfw I did that and turned 1500 to 4k tfw