I'll just leave this link herehttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulip_mania
Comparing tulips to cryptocurrencies > absolute fucking retard.Tulips have a use case, cryptos dont.
yes yes buy my ico for 20% discount is very good tokens yes yes we have no product but only idea yes yes buy.
37m in 1 hour - yes thanks you yes we make product very good thanks.
We are monetha marines

Was this the most epic PnD in history?
He doesn't know how high a tulip went for at the peakAnon, if BTC is tulip mania, we are going to be so fucking rich before it crashes.
Holy fuck.
A tulip was literally worth a house along a canal in Amsterdam at ATH.
lel, very true at least tulips are somewhat visually appealing
fucking kek
Was just in AmsterdamCan confirm that NoCoiners are still eternally BTFO while in get bottle service at night clubs with hot chicks
Real prices never got like that, the peak values were retarded historians not understanding futures.
Like seeing some dumbass buy an S&P call at 3000 and saying "OMG 20% jump overnight!"
WE ARE THE TULIPMARINES WE WILL NEVER SELLJust wait... 3 billion for a tulip by 2018.
complete larp you were jerking off to tranny anime somewhere is rural florida
Fake newsTulip mania is filled with mythsNo motivation to explain, just DYOR
Yup.
At ATH a *single* Tulip was worth 10 years salary.>cucks dont realise that everyone who got into tulips early became absolutely rich as fuck>cucks dont realise almost everyone in crypto for more than a year has pocketed a handsome profit a long time ago and is now playing with free 'profited money'>cucks *still* think wagecucking is better than cryptoI honestly don't understand the level of delusion.
I have 200k in my bank account from crypto, in USD.
I'm 24.
Does it hurt your brain to think people have made this much money doing nothing?>spoiler alert: what I have is nothing compared to what other people have.
the key to a bubble isn't making money, every complete retard makes money in a bubble at some point, it's keeping it when it inevitable blows up and goes to 0
I’ll just leave this here
HAHAHAHAone of the best posts i have ever read.
and its the total truth.
xxx shitcoins with no real use that get heavily manipulated
>phoneposting
comparing Bitcoin to flowers.
If we are to continue exponential chart shown in fig.
the field of human economics will need fast scalable programmable blockchain technology ie.
Ethereum.
i actually wanted to post this imagethe GDP$ in your graph, what is it?
1920s u$d?
1950s?
2000s?
I agree, but we are not there yet.
Bitcoin will go to ~50k or so before it collapses.