# STOP FOMOING FROM COIN TO COIN,do not go all in to join a pump, and sell at the first natural sell-offs.Guys, BTC’s rally has changed the way to trade, our altfolio’s bled hard for a month, and we’ve only tried to recoup losses or catch a gain, by running around doing reckless trades.ALTS are rallying due to the gainz in crypto this month.
cash flow and volume is going into alts again, while BTC is still rallying at insane heights.
What does that mean?
That ALTS party and BTC rally can go hand in hand now.
So instead of jumping in & out btc and in & out of every pump, you should chill and get a comfy Portfolio.
Keep some % available for BTC or even BCH, while the rest can be diversified into all kinds of alts.
neo, ltc, monero, wtc, xrp, or whatever alt.
Don’t sell off at losses after ‘hodling’ for 30mins.
Cuz after a few hours a new wave will start.
Or a day or 2.
And we will all get good profits till end of year.Have a lil more patience.
you don’t even need patience compared to regular Forex & fin market, but we’re all degenerates that suffer adhd or some other high-sensitivity for dopamine, so we dont realize what we do untill we suffer from the bad decisions or interventions.Most importantly, you too sell of some alts during pumps, to lock some profit.
and buy back, not immediately after selling, but an hour later, when a consolidation is happening.
Keep doing this, instead of running around and bleeding around.
It’s now our turn to make dosh, whales lost control of coins now.
And have fun guys, lots of fun to be had the coming weeks.Thank me later,Yours sincerely.The Man, The Legend.
It's hard man
give me your email so i can thank you later then?
I love you desu
You are totally correct sir, my dopamine levels have always been fucked and I my family has degenerate gamblers and junks on both sides.
Fuck these gambling losses; not buying shitcoins and pumps anymore fuckkkkkkk I went from 18 btc to 5 in a month and want to kms
>implying I have enough money to diversificationnigga im a pajeet I have only 300$
i was thinking alts would start to recover a week ago but its just more alt rape by btc.
Went from 18 to 8 or so.
Lost a lot on shitcoins/pumps and fomo.
It'll get better
ITT giving hope for crypto amidst pajeet PnDs and shill threads.
Thanks, OP
Quit FOMOing?
I'll have you know I've made millions through FOMO.
Price goes up?
I buy.
I get bored?
I sell.What's that?
BCH rose by $20 after falling $40?
Liquidate everything and buy it.
You'd have to be retarded not to right?
I ALWAYS hop on moving trains and ALWAYS make hella bank.
In fact I've fucked twelve girls in the past year just by telling them how much crypto I have, and its all thanks to impulsive decisions.
So yeah, I'll hodl when I'm fucking dead.
Using that amount to go 100x bitcoin from 5500 to 7777 would have given you a 2.66 BTC profit.https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09
Wow, sorry pajeet I thought you said $500.
$300 would get 1.6 BTC in the same scenario.
I was at 1.5 now I'm at 0.55 or so.I don't want to check or trade anymore.
Bch really killed me.
How are you supposed to recover after a 50% loss?
What do you have to change?
It's not getting any better..
Literally just be patient.
Most money is lost by people thinking they have to make a salary with their trading.
Wait for the good entry points to come to you instead of being a myopic gambler at the slots watching 1 minute candles trying to win every swing.
Use longer time periods on your charts.
Wait for the news and the big moves and big volume on market leading exchanges.
Lost like thirty grands.
Still holding my shitcoin bags
44169234416538Sure mate,My mail is in the namefield.
I would love to hear your successtories.
Serenity is key: your attitude will determine your perceptions and hence your actions upon the market and the world.
:) And don’t forget about the words you are reading, using and getting exposed to.
Your linguistic framework is a powerful tool, stay flexible with it, and make sure you don’t get stuck in a particular discourse.
memes, banter, fud, trolling, arrogance and all of the like can be entertaining sure, but they can and absolutely will have some effect on your thinking patterns too.
That’s why i like to read philosophy during the days I plan for trading.
I know.
The mental pressure of having lost, or making a bad decision / intervention in hindsight, tends to create a broken confidence, a stream of stress, of rushing every action, or other detrimental positions.
It’s a vicious cycle cycle that you have to snap out of.
Consciously, all of us someday will come know this mindset, that they want to escape from.
But that’s exactly the wrong move forward then.
You will end up escaping without knowing where to escape to.
And in turn you can’t escape.
The trick is that this mindset and attitude, is especially powerful subconciously.
For every one of you realizing it, there are many many more just starting to get into that cycle.
They don’t realise how to translate this uncanny feeling they have, and they don’t realise the destructive force of it yet.
We are in a better position now, so hoe do we act?
Ease your mind, gind serenity in it, and focus on how it used to be in the beginning?
Before the bad times, before the cycle of negativity, when we were on top, or getting in and having fun trading.
But always, alert, and calculative, always questioning our own assumptions before doing a move.
Somewhere along the path, we grew stuck on the automatic pilot.Thank me later, Yours sincerelyThe Man, The Legend
Hmm I’m on mobile, and something went wrong with the namefield.
Kiri2k17@protonmail.com
mental pressure of having lost, or making a bad decision / intervention in hindsight, tends to create a broken confidence, a stream of stress, of rushing every action, or other detrimental positions.This is the most destructive mental state and if you feel yourself in this walk away and preserve what you have of your gains.
This is the kind of attitude that can just make you start a rampage of diarrhea trading that decimates your liquid capital.
Learn from our mistakes, or end up making them yourselves.
Hold long term in projects you believe in.
Only trade with % of your total stash.
Even if you lose a lot trading you should make it up with the long holds.
Sell off a bit once they 5-10x and then re-invest or trade that.