There's hint PBC will recommend Metaverse (ETP).
The next PBC is released Nov 16th.What is your tip guys?
Saged reported
They are going to pump Zencash again.
Screencap this please.I'm also the guy who told /biz/ to buy at 220 right before the pump to 450.Do what you want with this info.
Its going to be Bitcoin Cash
who has the last report in pdf?
I'm pretty sure it is going to be syscoin.
Last time it was either xrp or syscoin, got to be the latter one now.
Why do you think the 16th.
He said this one would be delayed
What hint?
PAJEET
I hope some kind anon posts the report here when it comes out.
Whatever coin he recommends is going to 4-5x at least like the other coins he recommended has.
Even ETH, XMR and NEO did like 100+X This dude always has good picks
AGAIN?
Why the fuck would they pump the same coin for the 3rd time?
How do you sell that kind of "$3K per month" info?
I think it will be aragon or district0x (which uses aragon).
He shilled aragon last month and it's still one of the smallest mcap coins on his list.
New boomer money from his infomercial signups + tiny mcap = huge pump this month if true.
aragonThat's a dead shitcoin trash.
teeka tiwari is a conman.
it's very likely that he is the one who is leaking his confidentals.
highly recommend not listening to anything he says.
Its TokenCard .... they even have a Release in Dezember and the Marketcap is low.
Knowing that Monaco and TenX already pumped he will tell his subscribers to buy TokenCard before the release.One of the few Coins on Bittrex that didnt pump yet.
This dude always has good picksOr just good goyim's following his lead
thoughts on the stansberry report?
He's only got into his pump groove the past two months, you know.
When he shilled OMG in august literally nothing happened.
XRP in July 'pumped' 1.1x at best.
And then there was ETC and FCT back before summer crypto hysteria, they 'pumped' eventually but so did every other coin in existence.I wonder how long he can keep the self-fulfilling pump prophecy going before he falls off his horse.Also totally offtopic but he should really retake his professional photo with the glasses on, they make him look way less fucking ugly.
teeka tiwari is a conman.Nigga..............the sole reason we're talking about this is because we want to know which alt will pump so we double up or whatever up our bitcoins.You fucking faggot.
?Nah...
it's my bday and I'm holding etp.
what could go wrong?
I managed to dig out the report and can post it.
They're shilling CVC
Of course he is.
He needs shortsighed buy-now-ask-questions-later /biz/nessman to fill up his shilled coin with dumb late money.
The whole point of the report is to get leaked.
When will he recommend LINK tho
What was shilled last time anyway?
Between all the photoshops and spam threads pointing to about 50 different coins, it was impossible to know what which coin/token got shilled by PBC
I believe you.
until it gets solid proof it'll work, boomers want stability
Its going to be syscoin, they announced two of the many companies that want to go on board with them, and these 2 companies alone are good for more than 1 million products on the marketplace.Furthermore we will see webmarket, marketing and masternodes coming.100% sure PBC pick is syscoin.
Post it then
https://file.io/oaI4Knhere dude, you're welcome
Friends, BIG T hereThere has come a time where yet we have seen tremendous Bitcoin gains within a month.
We’ve seen it before: during the build-up of the release of Bitcoin Gold near the end of October .
Now, we see a similar trend in the early stages of the upcoming Segwit 2x hard fork.
As of the time of this message, Bitcoin has soared nearly 600$ within a 24 hour period.
We will see $7000 Bitcoin this month alone.Unfortunately, we’ve seen an antagonistic reaction toward some of the greatest projects that will fully blossom within the next couple of years.
Alt-coins have plummeted far beyond our expectations.
OmiseGo has broken below the $6.00 mark, and Neo has plummeted below 50% of it’s ATH ( All Time High ).
If you’ve read my November release of the Palm Beach Confidential as well as my follow up video, you will now find the opportunity to re-enter half of your position upon the 50% pull-back of ZenCash just as I anticipated.Remember, we’ve been in this industry for decades.
The knowledge that we release to our customers is to protect you from yourself and to look into the big picture.
The big picture is ZenCash.
Ok?
Now, go on-to Bittrex, and buy as much ZenCash as you can.
Remember, buy all that you can below 20$.
We have a tremendous opportunity to make a large amount of money.
Ok, Bitcoin is at an all time high?
Alright, who cares?
Who the fuck cares?
Buy ZenCash.
I told you niggas it’s going to have an update that will double, or even triple it’s value.
And you gonna doubt me?
What, you don’t believe me?
Fuck outta here nigga.
How dare you doubt me?
You think you can short ZenCash on me after I told you it’ll moon?
You think I snort coke off of the dick of thai ladyboys just to get my rocks off?
Fuck no.
All I do is read white papers so your punk ass can get money.
Why?
Becuase I AM the master shill.
I am THAT nigga.
I am the master of crypto-currency.
4322804Stansberry Report not PBC
It was ZenCash.
Really actually.
link died, another tryhttps://file.io/GsPAfC
That was pretty convincing for the first two paragraphs.But you forgot to separate every sentence with a new paragraph break.Like this.
ETP confirmed
why the fuck do people listen to PBC it's obviously just PnD marketing .. there are way better free reports out there
there are way better free reports out therelike
because biz can't do their own research and needs to be told what to do.
For non brainlets, spero research just announced in their tele that their next public report is coming out this week
4323150yeah spero is the main institutional one, they're just fucking slow at releasing public reports, and their reports are 100 pages long.
Otherwise while waiting for those just follow good people on twitter and read their steemits
Where did you hear that?
apparently their upcoming report is a low cap, sitting in their tele waiting to buy 100k if it's positive
will be XZC scammers love privacy coins
There's hint PBC will recommend Metaverse (ETP)Where?
I don't think it's going to happen.
it doesn't work
OK fellow scammers.
what time and date is this info scheduled to hit /biz/?
I'm Jewish, and refuse to pay this Pajeets 3K.
No not really.
I've been studying this for awhile, not going to go into specifics since we are all competing with eachother or whatever.
But whatever coins this guy picks will take off, rest assured.
no its going to be factom
this was the bonus pick in the previous report
yeah it was in the webinar, i still think that it could pump.
it did last night and i make a lot off of it
https://file.io/oaI4Knerror, not found
Virus.
Got blocked on my comp.