GET IN NOW FOR FINAL PUMP BEFORE THEY ANNOUNCE SLR PBC
Nooo I got out thinking it was over aaaa
I'm back in... was going to wait...
This coin is so weird?Why was so stable for like 1 hours and then this huge pump?
What's going on?
Never seen anything like this before.
its been semi hourly for many days get the fuck in who knows why but its free rn
That's just what this one does, prepare for liftoff!
That's just what this one does
last chance to get in don't let the same pump leave you in the dust... this coin wont likely do this forever we only have a few days of free money
i think its gonna go to 1$ today
Must be Koreans....
I think most Americans would be sleeping by now.
How the fuck is it still going up.
It's already at 200m market cap.
What the fuck.
This thing is going to eat shit just like Status did.
Be careful.
I've been saying this for fucking days.
When Whales realise that they have an ACTUAL SOLID USE CASE COIN it gets steady and fast growth.
None of these speculative fucking meme coins
fuck me boys I wish I wasnt such a pussy only put 200$ in this, already doubled
RSI is insane too.
Few hours ago I decided not to buy because of the RSI and now here we are.
le pump and dumpthe whales are taking advantage of the narrative that this project is successful bla bla bla and Dr. Green is a genius etc...they're capitalizing on that and screwing everyone that is not cautious
You're a fucking idiot.
Yeah.
It's a solid project but damn, there's gonna be a lot of tears because this will dump hard when it finally does.
this coin is dumbthe only people that are going to use it are the ones that got in earlywho's going to buy their power for 10x the price as someone that bought at the ICO will?
Shut the fuck up you retard nocoiner
Hur durr whose going to buy NEO for 1000% ICO price.
People NEO bought on the weekend during pump for FOMO.
you are a deluded monkey...
I don't even understand how you created that situation in your head... what kind of misfiring neurons caused such a spastic statement
44613894461335HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH NOCOINERS WILL CRY
A lot of people

Yeah I'm in it's just so weird that it wasn't even a dramatic correction.
I sold waiting to buy lower and had to buy 1 cent higher.
All there weak hands destroying the price
doesn't matter still the exact same pattern as yesterday it will hover8k for a while rn then back up to maybe 8.8. might see another small correction then a pump
REVEAL YOUR POWER LEVELS
This is just a baby, once it can walk users will pay a small fee to sign up, setup some software and sell the power generated by their solar panels creating a national power grid run by citizens.Holders of powr will be able to buy shares in govt run power generation schemes such as solar towers, wind farms and wave power generators.This is not just a way for cryptotards to buy lambos, this is a fucking awesome project for Australia and the whole world.Will it succeed?
Nfi.
Just gonna support it and make money at the same time.
What does that meme mean?
I've seen it for 8 years.
was 70k now 12k.
Kill me.
Straight to $100 dollars boyskeep your hands and feet inside the vehicle at all times!
You will never learn will you?
he think current price isn't pumped, and that those who think it is are idiots unable to wait instead of holding for higher profit thus temporarily driving the price lower
rough.
lol, "organic growth""real use case potential""government funding"hahahahahahahahahait's just manipulation bruhthat's all it is.
there's a whale supporting the price, else it will tank in a under a minute.
WHY?
because no one wants to hold this cointhe company won't have a working product for the next 2 years.
it'll be in limbo for a long asssssss time
Thats just like... your opinion man.
There are literally multiple videos of the product working... FOUND THE LINKIE DINKIE
I thought they had a working product?
fudin 2 months trialling in a small city
Jesus christ there are so many buttblasted pajeet/negro tier crybabies on this board.
You hate Trump don't you?
It's so obvious the type of person you are by how eternally abused you are.LOL
Its already setup.
The funding is helping them expand
Cmon dude you can't pnd a token with this volume
Abort guys, this is a working product.
No way it will ever make profit in this market.
Ripple went 75x in 5 daysThis is next.
Don't FUCKING sell
anyone else think she's hot as fuck?
I'd nut in her
Do you think Amazon stock is worth every cent?
How fucking retarded are some of you mother fuckers?
I'm literally speechless at this level of utter 3rd world crybaby faggotry.You have no concept of how Western Markets work, or why.....>omg!
it is overpriced!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that's not fair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cry cry cry cryWho gives a fuck if a stock, or coin is overpriced, or underpriced.
That is how markets work you idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
STOCK SHOULD BE EXACTLY WHAT THEY'RE WORTH AT ALL TIMES!!!!!!
*DROOL*Who the fuck even comes up with this retarded shit?
Literally 3rd world shitposting newfags with 70IQ
Trump>thinks global warming is a chinese hoax >doesn't believe in renewable energy
are you seriously going to discount the fact that the current price is being propped by a whale?REALLLLY?
you'd have to be blind not to see his stash pumping and supporting the price.
THE SECOND he gets tired and hits the hay, this thing is going ALLLLLLLLLLLLL the way back to 4k sats (if you're lucky).....get really idiots.
what's been happening recently is pump and dumpoh and the volume.
did you not notice GRS's volume when it was being pumped....wlel it exceeded it's market cap
man they are rolling out PoCs in india
This is it huh?
Sheeeeit...
HAHAHAHA!!!!!
!I fucking new it!
You can literally see who these people are in the thread by the way they cry.
Do you understand what I mean?
They're like SJW blue hair abused sluts saying this coin isn't fair.This coin is an oppressor.This coin is a bad White man.This coin is a slave ownerThis coin is HitlerDo you get it?
I can't even put it in the correct terms for you to understand properly... that is how fucking retarded these mother fuckers are.
How did SJWers find /biz/They're literally crying about being abused right now.
Can you believe that?
>No stock, or, coin should ever go over it's company valueJealous 3rd world Socialist minded faggots.
GTFO /biz/
Fudders gunna fud.
Nocoiners on suicide watch..3k sats and rising
Dude if you spent as much energy learning whale trends and maneuvering the swings as you did explaining to everyone how small your dick is, you wouldn't have to worry about having a small dick anymore because you'd actually have some fucking money you neet faglord.
They're literally crying about being abused right now.
Can you believe that?>crying about being abused>Can you believe that?But ya this coin is a winner just like the white man, fuck these niggers gettin left on Earth.
Sorry i cant hear you over the sound of 8.5k sats
Gettin left on EarthWe can't escape fast enough.
Fuck this random discussion about SJWs.Is this shit hitting 90 cents?What do you guys think?
$169m volume>g-gais its just a huge whale>coping this hard
So now it will drop down to maybe 8.2k ish after 9k... look at the trend boys... this is just another small pump in preparation for another daily gigantic pump when americans wake up
Based on volume, id would doubt it settling out around a 700m cap being conservative, 2b cap being hopeful
Wouldnt*
It's just a couple afro-crybabies who learn by crying.
It's a black thing.
It's how they learn... by crying like faggots and then seeing what comes back at them.I'm American, we're surrounded by these eternal butt blasted mentally ill faggots everywhere.
They infect everything.
9k sats guys what the fuck is happening
lambo time
Its moments like these im in crypto
who the fuck is saying that?
how is this coin an abuser if it supports the use of renewable energy?
I tried to sell when it hit 9k.
Tried like 20 times no one bought.
Tried immediate cancel and limit.Are you guys being able to sell?
Now it's dropping to 8k.
Fuck I wanted to sell and buy more.
don't have unrealistic expectations... as I said it's coming down to the 8.5k ish mark... in 15 minutes or so we will see another pump up 1kish.
>triple top and counting This market makes no damn sense.
When do I buy?
This thing is forming reoccuring cup and handles.
It's going to keep pumping most likely for the next few hours.
Don't sell.
Just buy more.
Woooah relax man, this is a ride, not a race, dont fuck up and lose your entire position because you were fighting for 1k sats.. Its been steady mooning for a day.
Buy, set 30min candles shortest and relax.
Now is it unrealistic?
It hit 9k and went a little above that.
Even tried to sell til 8500 and then stopped trying because idk if it's gonna drop Lower than that.
4461249446133844613594461427The amount of Idiocy and sour grape syndrome in this thread is unbelievably Let me explain something to you.Up until now with Powr coin, 99.9% of coins were bought and sold on speculation.
Virtually none have working products, the ones who do aren't being used by anyone, and NO REAL PARTNERSHIPS have been announced.Enter Power Ledger.
This coin came out the gate with a working product, a partnership with the largest energy company in Australia, Origin Energy, was given 8 million dollars by the Australian government, is run by a top notch team full of highly successful business women, men, engineers, etc, are in CONFIRMED talks with Elon Musk, and are currently IMPLEMENTING their product into the real world.Literally no coin has done this before.
Your TA/HURR DURR IT'S A PUMP AND DUMP will not work because it is not speculation investing, it's simply investing.You will be so sorry if you don't buy as much of this coin as you can below $2.
The power shills are not liars, if you look into this coin you will not believe how rock solid of an investment it is.In other words, if you don't buy this now you will kill yourself later out of regret.
Remember my words.
Trust me on this i learned the hard way, took me 4 times to learn on multiple coins that i could have had atleast 200% gains on but instead i ended up breakeven or slightly neg due to chasing dips and the transaction fees adding up (death by thousand cuts).
Its going up, wooosaaa
people are buying in and holding in mass.
And ranked 8 for 24h volume
Damn.......
ABOUT TO PUMP AGAIN CUPNHANDLE
HOLD THE FUCK ON
You've been copy pasting this shit over and over and over again.I got back in but stop with this retarded behavior.
"Muh whitepaper" I only care about gains.If it's that good I might do research and hold long term but chil your tits.
He said pump, not dump.
Everyone seems so nervous itt is this your first moonmission?
Like, hold on for the ride...
Why not just save it on hand instead of typing endlessly to retards who can never counter it?
because he's mad he missed out and now its moving sideways
Dude I'm all in the fuck are you talking about.
Already up 30% but I don't want to get greedy bc last time lost everything because of that.
Are you guys selling once it hits 7000-8000-9000 to rebuy at a lower price?
Someone mentioned this on another bread and it seems like he's right, it always do the same.
Oh... a retard........................................................ :----D
This is organic growth and has already gone way past any pump 'n dump timeline.
I'm all in and staying in.
rebuy at 8.5k or maybe a little lower as this small pump will correct.
Then it will pump again either a small one or a massive one just watch the buy walls for all the info you need.
its dropping, sell
and back up we go again, sell so we can keep accumulating
how bout stellar and microsoft?
test
laughing at the people who are selling considering this is exactly what happened yesterday.
bunch of ADHD retards who can't be patient.
As amerifats wake up to low price we will see skyrocket pump again
the ADD niggers make me money man, don't hate