how do you guys sleep, honestly, I've been investing for 2 days now and it's so fucking fun/exciting, I can't sleep.I'm not using 100% my savings, more like enough to be part of it, but not enough that it'd affect me if I lost it all.
So all I have to do is break even.
I have to unironically completely agree.
It is such a rush imo.
Once you get used to it, it's just another thing to do.
Think of your first time driving, after doing it for a few months you don't get much excitement out of it
If its that exciting to you, youre doing it wrong and have too much emotion involved.
You will most likely end up overtrading and blowing out your capital.
Buy and hold, or if you must, at least trade with 0 emotion.
I had the same problem at first, and yes it is a problem, but its important to break it.
Start doing cocaine with the profits.
You'll unironically be masturbating to green candles.
Speak for yourself, driving still is exciting and fun years later.
it was fun at the beginning for me, now i'm pretty much pissed off 24/7 because i'm still sub $100k.
Depends on the car desuRoad raging is always fun though
Get yourself a new 1-2k car every few months, sell the old one for the same price.You don't have to fear damage and it is always a different experience.
I guarantee you will keep on having maximal fun.
how much did you start with, and how regularly did you add additional funds externally?
i'm just using about 25% my savings right now, don't plan on going higher, but i will put more here or there when i get paid from my actual job.
Same thing happened when I first started.
You'll get over it.
You'll eventually realise crypto trading is a bunch of scammy bullshit and you'll lose all enthusiasm
No fear of killing yourself?
Ayy
Oh and another thing.
You called it investing.
It's gambling.
These companies don't have real products that have any actual use, and their current price and market cap is heavily manipulated and artificial
You'd be surprised how often these cars are actually in great shape, only a thing or two to change or fix.
Mostly that cheap because they are old and dirty.Pay some kids to clean it for you, fix yourself or go to some turk workshop.Great fun is had with very broken looking ones that still work somehow or pimped cars from the 2000s.Turqois BMW E36 with ruined seats, interior LEDs and big ass speakers was great fun.Black Peugeot 206 with ugly bodymods, a bit of tuning, huge wheels and absolutely clean interior.These were my favorites, sold for a profit even.If I would have enough space I'd probably keep most of them, they grow on you.
i put in a total of €20k, my last input was 5k, last august.
everything was going great for a while, traded myself all the way up to 16 BTC, mid october, €60k at that time.
i felt like a god (very bad sign).
I still had everything in alts when the BTC bullrun started, quickly lost 60% in BTC value, while the run kept going and going and going.
I was relieved when I heard B2X was cancelled, money started flowing back in alts, but of course it didn't last long due to the BCH bullshit again...oh well, I'm still up 2x initial investment, so i shouldn't complain.
the fun stop after 4 months then it becomes a waking nightware
but not enough that it'd affect me if I lost it allThis is the key to sleeping well.
If I lose all of my portfolio I will still be ok.
It's all fun money for me.I have no idea how some of you fuckers can trade with massive margin.
I wouldn't be able to eat much less sleep if I had that much on the line.
listeining to bizIn crypto theres really 4 months out of the whole year where you have to pay attention.
The rest u can chill and park gains in a top 10 coin or stocks stress free.
How do I sleep?
Easy, I tried to actively trade and always lost 30%-40% of my money.
So I sleep knowing that I will always be too late or somehow fuck up these moon missions.
Ez
According to my detailed analysis of Bitcoin Cash it will make a third moon mission at about midnight Pacific time, so in about 7 hours.
Better strap yourselves in because we are hitting 2000$ Sunday
same
Then, post your analysis