Honestly, why has no one on this thread mention an actual good tip?
DYOR for RCN and you won't be disappointed.
So much FUD when they already have a customer base and product should be up be Q2 2018.
plus, its on a bullish trend.
RCN is not an instant moon so biz is not interested.
They would rather get burned chasing the next 10x, when the next 100x is slapping them right in the face.
By end of 2018 RCN will be a 100x+ coin.
They are doing everything they set out to do and are executing these plans extremely well.
Buy now and hold onto it.
You'll be happy you did.
We don't need a PnD on this gem.
easy.this is way more important than ripple and XRP mooned.
XRP a coin that is being rejected by it's userbase (irony....)
4475586Absolutely right, I agree we don't need PnD on it.
but hopefully some people get a chance to read.
Making a difference.
1 paneer at a time.
After all of the commotion today, people are gonna need help.
HAHAHAHAHAha
PAJEET* autocorrect sucks
People are currently underestimating its reach and the value thereof.
It's not a flashy coin underdelivering on a promise and selling false hype.
RCN's VCs are no fools.
They know why they are backing this project.
I don't know anon.
I hold it and it hurts.
this project will be huge in latin america
and should spread globally
absolutely.
emerging markets are in desperate need of this project.
do you have any idea how high interest rates are in India.
like 15% for a term loans.
if they could get their hands on money from a foreign lender at a much more competitive rate, who do you think they are going to go with.
and no need to worry about default because that's where the co-signer (local agent) comes into play
Coin will be dead until they release their platform in April unless Teeka PNDs it.
No one knows about it outside of biz.
bought in at 11 cents.
Lost a bit from holding but I am quite confident this will sound like complaining about a 11$ bitcoin instead of 10$ soon
the devs will roll out announcements because their roadmap ends in April.
that'll attract attention
It's not a biz coin, don't be fooled.
They are growing their user base and are gaining interest outside of biz.
Many are buying at this price and are happily accumulating.
Get off the internet and go into the real world sometimes.
There is more to life than biz and biz is not the only frontrunner of hype/value.
This is no meme coin.
I just invested 2 million, payment still pending.
lets see if this is a good investment
balleri mean let's consider the following:1.)
VC funding2.)
in operation since 20133.)
working product4.)
active users5.)
functional token (utility)6.)
addresses a specific problem7.)
appealing to growing demand for fintech applicationssure it'll be a little while before it "moons" but at 10c a pop, this is a frickin steal
hold it, for at least 3 more months.
You won't be disappointed.
the lower it goes, buy more in partials.
The project is phenomenal.
As for this being a biz coin, its not at all.
People on biz are nearsighted.
Thus, all of the pink wojack posts.
Then explain how the marketcaps of every coin depends on dumb shit like stickers on skateboards.
market cap is a function of price and float
There is a lot of dumb money in crypto.
Biz might have a high concentration of such people, but the world has many more and I can assure you of that.
They latch onto hype and follow it regardless of logic.
Logic is not a given in crypto.
This, however, does not mean that legit projects won't pump.
It may take a bit longer, but if people realize its value it will moon.
Crypto suffers from the comparison disease.
"Coin A did x in x amount of time, so coin B will follow this same pattern."
False.
Don't assume anything.
Very well put.
To the holders of this coin:I assume you're all redpilled as fuck since you're holding this.
My only concern is the actual value of the token itself; they're not gonna pull a ripple (where the coin is worth nothing, but the network is) on us are they?Secondly, my only other two LTHs are REQ and LINK.
Do you think those are solid?
I'm going to be downstepping my activety in crypto because I get headaches looking at charts all day.
I'll still have buy orders set on the junior varsity squad (ETH, LTC, XMR) and will swing them from time to time to get more of my holds.
Any criticisms?
I'm legitimately about to gg out until EOY 2018 or Q1 2019.
I know it is, I'm not letting go by any means.
Just crazy because I'm a pretty dumb guy lol and I often end up way ahead of the mainstream market.
I don't get it, I guess.
Redpill yourself, man.
You see this said all the time, but read the whitepaper.
Hell, read half of it, my hype only got greater as I went on.
The way things have been explained more or less, is that the tokens themselves will hold value in order to loan in fiat.
But repayment will be in the token value.
The devs are supposed to be holding an AMA on reddit tomorrow to answer questions and concerns.
As for the other coins.
Link (not an expert).
It seems promising, but the way its being shilled on this board, turns me away.
Req is a good choice, but other than a solid alt or two, I stick with the solid coins (BTC,LTC,ETH) ark seems pretty good also.
(just my 2 cents.)
But really, you have to look into everything when investing into a project.
Even scold the devs if you can.
You can never be too sure, and even then, theres always Confido.
can't operate the network without Ripio.Ripple's business model is to sell their xCurrent platform to banks and these banks can choose if they want to use XRP or not.
ofcourse compliance departments would reject any request to house a highly volatile asset on the books.
so banks opt out of using XRP
I have but still might lack insights others may have picked up on.
I'm very confident in my holds, but looking for considerations and downfalls I may not have observed myself.
How does ripio ensure users of the product would be willing to use a potentially volatile token like RCN?
unless the devs fuck up a lot i don't think it can go lower than this
oraclesand both parties liquidate into local fiat :):):):):)it's brilliantthink of XRP, the share the same DNA in a sense because their use case is to be a bridge currency
LINKS got its problems, but nothing worse than any other alt imo (or, I hope so).
I'm willing to loose everything to make it though as my initial capital is comparatively small, so I'm willing to go out on a limb and take the leap of faith for LINK and REQ delivering.
RCN, on the other hand, I don't worry about so much since the devs are so solid, already have a working userbase, and have the backup of several VCs.
share the same DNAright, but ripple is like a dumb chimpanzee and RCN is more like the ubermensch.
This coin is a sleeping giant, one of my bigger holds for low market cap coins.
April will be huge
What % of your portfolio is in RCN?
this shit spammed by facebook feed for a month, aint buying a coin that tries that hard, kek
maybe you follow a shit group on normie book retard
Really?
I don't have fb and the Devs aren't marketing the product very much.
Their twitter is very quiet.
Fb not so sure.
Might've been when they were promoting the ICO.
You fool, that just means they'll take money from the normies!
Take it from them and give it to us!
This is /ourcoin/ and you don't even realize it.
So what would the estimate price be by the end of 2018?
we all want to make money hereno need to disparage or denigrate.
it's not like it's mooning and you're missing out on anythingwhat is being spread here is not exaggerated news or hyped fantasy.
go ahead and do some light reading about the company and the project.
if you don't feel like it has huge potential down the road then buy it later when it reaches a perceived value that you think is satisfying.
but the whole concept of investing is to buy low and sell high.
identify a solid project with a solid team, buy it while it's severally discounted and wait for your moment.
in this case the wait time is ridiculously short since their road map will be complete by april 2018OMG mooned like fuck in the wake of a bull season and look at how frivolous they look now because they're not delivering.
i feel bad for those that bought at +10$
Can't predict or estimate a price.
But, once it gains traction+a working product.
Along with a growing demand, this thing can and most likely will grow exponentially.
Definitely won't be in the 10-20 cent range.
argentina
What about it?
I watched the video on their site, seems like a good idea.
Are you guys planning on lending or receiving loans?
Why should this be worth 10x or 100x it's current price?
There's a Pinky and the Brain meme here.>Yes Pinky, today Argentina and TOMORROW THE WORLD!Making that Linkie might be too easy.
Who was disparaging or being degenerate?
Or even fudding at all for that matter?
in terms of multiples that's always debatable but to say that this token has nowhere but forward acceleration would be an understatementif i were to convey my opinions about the success of this project i would anecdotally refer to the success of Waltonchain or even greater
Their alpa has been released
also>lending platform aimed at third world countriesI dont believe in it>no credit system>third worlders less likely to put borrowed money to good use because uneducated>less likely to pay debt because uneducated>legal system is slow and inefficient and trying to get some form of settlement will be slow, painful and most likely not worth the middle party's timeI'll pass.
lol FUD.
What is your definition of a third world country?
sirvery valid concerns to raisebut clearly you have not read their whitepaper the secret sauce in the model is the intermediation of a local agent called a co-signer that absorbs credit risk and loss given default in exchange for a tiny premium paid by the lender.
it's kind of like insurance.
or a credit default swap.
and that agent in turn has legal recourse against any borrower.
they also have a full description of their credit scoring system.
personally what tickles my fancy is the ease in which I will be able to lend and accruing interest income as opposed to giving my money to legacy financial institutions that dish out razor thin returns.
yeah this will be big
crypto is supposed to help people like this.
What happens when the banks ban you for wrongthink and you have no one else to turn to?These people get fukn screwed over man, 15% and such.
It's starting where it's needed the most, that's a great move imo.
But cool fud I guess, you're probably butthurt you got screwed on confido/powr/pot/whatever else is shilled here?
Q2..............WHAT ARE YA..............LIVIN IN A 200 YEAR FEUTCHA????
GO AND DO SOME KEGELS AND THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU JUST SAID.
GUY'S TALKIN ABOUT 400 YEARS FROM NOW..................THIS NIGGA.
This project when dive deep into smell like confido.
tortoise?
more like TAUGHT US amirite nigger?
how so?
manconfido conned people with screenshots of a "platform"RCN is a multi million dollar VC funded company.
but then again it doesn't matter explaining these things to /biz
listen amigo I know schools in argentina are pretty bad and you being black doesn't help the iq department, but there is not a (((single bank))) in these countries setting loan rates at 15%.
The rates are 15% because of the reasons I cited previously which make it difficult even for banks to get their money back from these people.
If it were profitable to offer loans for 5% in your shithole you bet your ass some bank would undercut all of its competition, but it isn't.
We develop and publish EA (automatic trading tool) of FX (foreign exchange margin trading).If you are interested, please take a look.http://aqwsed123.blog.jp/
At least the thread went as long as it could before biz caught up!
good talking haha
I'm 80% in RCN right now, not planning on selling until after the final product is released.
I don't think this will catch on in /biz/ until it has big 24 hour gains which won't happen anytime soon.
it's not just that.
RCN is tapping into a market that is severely unbanked.
consumer credit penetration in argentina and other latin american countries is super low compared to developed countries.legacy financial institutions suffer from antiquated systems that are riddled in paperwork and sluggish decision making.
here's when fintech begins to take over.
their banks have high cost of capital which and couple that with high rates attributed to "higher risk" borrowers you end up with a less than efficient credit system.
BUTif you are able to connect foreign capital from retail and institutional investors (lenders) and at the same time are able to reinforce debt collection at a local level and mitigate loss given default via a co-signer (guarantor) how's about yeah this is going to be fucking epic!
!it's simpleJuan goes to Banco Espirito Santo and requests a car loan for 36-48 months.
Bank says sure that'll be 13% APR because our credit system is not so flush like developed nations.
he says no thanks.
downloads RCN's application on his phone, signs up for an account and most likely finds a deal 100 times better than a local bank.
so do you think he'll be banking through a century old anemic system or a robust and efficient tech platform and offers competitive rates
Yep, this conversation isn't shaking my hands at all.
I just figured i'd drop a tip to /biz/.
Hopefully it helped.
At the very least it reassured me that I'm not the only one holding this.
The hard part is being patient until then.
guys it's always a treat discussing future cash cows with my /biz bros. i appreciate the chance to explain what i think i know about this investment.
of course it's best we all contribute and poke some holes in this investment thesis so we don't get justed or JOOSTED.my thoughts and prayers to those that went all in on CFD.
the Devs are reckless pieces of shit and i hope they get apprehended for this quasi-crime.
but the investing public should always exercise care and due diligence to avoid financial loss.
I can without hesitation declare that RCN's team is solid and are highly vetted by industry experts so the probability of getting CFD'd by this team is definitely low to non-existing.
great things happen to those who waitsoon you'll be watching it moon and telling everyone how you got in at 1250sats.
They already have a working alpha too.
yupok i don't want to post anymore, lest i give /biz the impression that I'm shilling which might impact their perception of this hidden gem because they will associate it's current low (bargain) token value as a barrier and not an opportunity.
I'll be sure to post in several other threads that pop up on /biz.
happy investing
4477583Absolutely.
Totally agree.
Try something small that might be a simple gesture, but they even repaid certain tokens from a certain incident.
Not that that is unheard of, but it is rare.
Definitely agree, time has come for the thread to die.
It has been a pleasure, friends.
4477625see you all in a month or so when we reach 15 cents haha
>this thread