This shit is about to go parabolic.
New exchanges incoming.
AMA done.. You have 30mins.
sort of agree
how you know about new exchanges?
Me is all in 
tentatively concur
new exchange ???
100% agree.
This shit will go to Pluto.
All in since ICO.
Soon i am free :)
wtf is it, don't assume everyone knows the name of this shitcoin.
If you are going to create a hype thread then try and explain some fundamentals.
he doesn't knowStay poor
Nice shill thread now gtfo
CHOOO CHOOO Req Train leaving the station!!
Reeeeeeeeeee (REE)What a shitcoin, no one will buy it
I'm an early adopter in bitcoin, I have no incentive to familiarize myself with every shitcoin because I'm already set.
you've been told numerous times, but you decided to stay poor
Req
>All these short 1 post by this ID posts Yeah not a shill thread at all.
273ETH sell wall at ICO price.
"NO WHALES" meme is dead
 ETH lol, would it make you feel better if I eat that wall for fun?
273 ETH is nothing.
rumor is bittrex soonbut thats just a minor rumor the major rumors involve ING and the companies that hope/plan on using the request protocol
nice, guys if you want join the REQ discord channel : https://discord.gg/4rK3XYJoin the Facebook norman group too, if you don't like facebook just make a anon profile to join.,Thers' an OMG HODL club group with 20k+ members on normie book.
I'm trying to get the same to happen but the ofcourse better, so im naming it REQuest Holders club.join here : https://www.faceb0k  com/groups/128429941201942/
rumor is bittrex soonno the rumor was that request set aside a good chunk of money to get listed on an exchange.
don't remember.
more than the 5k that is needed to get on bittrex.
probably something biggercoinbase?
we'll find out >the major rumors involve ING and the companies that hope/plan on using the request protocolbullshit
Bought today at 777 sat, did I do good?
Price predictions?
I'm almost all in ETP and some in HVN but this sounds pretty promising, even though the release was a disaster
anything below 1k sats is a steal
REQ will be mooning now after the BTC fiasco.
I expect it to 2x from now till the following weeks with lots of announcements.
Most of these were not released due to BTC fork issues.
Anyone with 40-50k REQ is going to be a millionaire in 2021.
STOP POSTING ALL THE REQ THREADS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA NEED 2 MORE WEEKS TO ACCUMULATE
I am a multi millionair with my 610k REQ.
/Biz/ thank you, i did it.
how mad are you that you had to pay 0.0002 ETH per token while shitters got to buy a juicy dip after ICO?im pretty fucking mad about that
That's how life is.
Life is never fair.
The early investment could have worked out too.
Then all the shitters would have bought x2.
You are never able to time the market.Still comfy with that investment.