>If you don't track your portfolio value in BTC you're a newfag.
But you are a retarded faggot if you don't you butthurt nigger

Why the fuck would you track it in USD if the price is fluctuating all over the place daily?
We had +1000 usd in like 30 hours last week, what does that do to a portfolio who's entire value is crypto based?
Converting to fiat is a retard move unless you are withdrawing profits.
not if you cash out because you trade for a living you shloopy-doop
Because fiat is what you want ultimately.Let's imagine BTC price goes to near infinity, if you hold alts your portfolio value in BTC will become very small, but your USD value will increase strongly, and in the end that's what matter.
That's the information you want to get : your buying power in real life.
Alright brainlet.
Keep buying your coins at usd value.
Spend 1 btc on something and then sell for .75 because the usd value went up.This is how I know you are poor
Spend 1 btc on something and then sell for .75 because the usd value went up.It's better than spending 10000 USD on something and selling for 7500 because BTC value went up m8.All the things you can buy outside of crypto are anchored to fiat.
You cannot sell the majority of alts for USD.
You want to accumulate more BTC to ultimately sell for USD.
Agree to disagree.
The point of tracking things in BTC is that it lets you know if you are doing better or worse than just investing in BTC.
You can be up thousands in USD but if you are down in BTC your stupid ass should have just put it all in BTC and held, instead of thinking you are a day trader.
I'd say % of people in crypto are in this boat.Of course tracking gains in BTC may lose all meaning if BTC loses the throne soon.
At that point keep track in whatever else is king and a good metric.
4371905Of course it is useful to know your perf in BTC as well, even if ultimately fiat will matter.But I was making fun of all the retards that callsyou a newfag whenever they see a portfolio valued in USD.
By the way I bought my first Bitcoin in 2012 so I can tell you it's a recent phenomena to see people watching their portfolio in BTC and shaming people that keeps tracking in fiat.
You cannot sell the majority of alts for USDYou can by doing 2 trades one after the other...
So it's the same.
But you aren't trading in fiat.
You are trading in btc.Example Let's say you buy one shitcoin at 2000 sats and let's say that is worth 12 cents fiat at the time of purchase.
Btc goes up in value.
You look at your portfolio and say oh gee wiz it's still at 12 cents I not going to get rich this way and decide to sell.
You go to the exchange and because you look at usd you sold for 1500 sats thinking you broke even.
But you didn't.
You lost 500 sats.
psychologically, does it kind of level your head out?
You cannot sell the majority of alts for USD>You can by doing 2 trades one after the other>yes you can by selling it for something that isnt USDhmm really makes you buy 100k
You can do the exact same example inverting the currencies....
It's not because a coin is not traded directly in fiat that you cannot sell it to btc and instantly convert the same amount of btc to fiat if you want to.I prefer to lose btc than fiat.What I mean is that real value is fiat, not btc.
And this is true as long as goods in real life are anchored to fiat.
When the fiat economy will collapse we can talk again and I will revise my position.
I prefer to lose btc than fiat.Are you just a bad troll at this point or a special kind of stupid
Capital gains are owed based on fiat value
tfw new to crypto and don't see the difference of converting back to fiat vs BTC
Neckbeard confirmedIf you really think my argument is not even worth considering I can nothing for you.
Let's stop there.
only if you are tradinghodlers can still just look at fiat and be OK
Because losing btc is losing fiat.
You had 2000 sats.
Now you have 1500.
If you sold for your original 2000 sats you would have more money.
I don't know how you don't understand this so I'm going with really bad troll.
Keep trading that way.
You'll trade yourself into the ground.
some of us trade in eth and for eth
That's my main trading pair.
I was using sats and btc as an example.
Some mouth breathers trade in the ltc pair but the rules still apply.
I've made a little excel file that tracks my portfolio fluctuations daily and a monthly brief in the bottom.
It shows loss/gain in eur/btc and in %.
It also shows what shitcoins I am holding and if the month is bullish or bearish.
If there are more red days than green, I assume Iam in the bear and the other way around.
Pretty comfy month so far
I'm sorry to say but you really don't understand.>Because losing btc is losing fiat.btc value in fiat is not fixedYou had 2000 sats.
Now you have 1500.
If you sold for your original 2000 sats you would have more money.replace sats with usdI work in a bank, I'm kind of used to discuss with people that have a hard time understanding valuation etc...
But what is sad is that you're so convinced you understand everything and insult me to avoid making the effort to really consider what I'm saying.
You are really bad at your job then but let's try that suggestion.>you had 2000 dollars.
Now you have 1500. if you sold for your original 2000 dollars you would have more money.
Now tell me anon, who works at a bank.
What is worth more.
$1500 or $2000?
If you ever sell for fiat you are a fucking retard.If Bitcoin replaces fiat your monopoly money will be worthless.
i just changed my blockfolio based on your comments and am shocked i have a hell of a lot more bitcoin value than i thought
I track everything in usd because I only trade alts with a fucking fiat pair.What do I do with my fiat?
Buy the btc dip.
Dick heads.
I'll stop this conversation, this is going nowhere, you're fighting to be right and don't even try to understand.
fighting to be rightYes anon.
Basic numbers is fighting to be right.
Go back your bank job so you can go lose Berthas money in an accounting error.
b-but, i lost money on bch so i traded back to btc and my money went up already?
If you don't track your portfolio value in ethereum you're a dinosaur.
not tracking both with your own personal terminal bot