I thought the dip is deeper.
it started raising .
should I get in now or wait ?0.00540000 to 0.00552610 increase in 30 minutes.
is this again a slow pump or it is raising gradually.
buy half of what you originally planned to put in and wait until tomorrow.
don't go all in incase there is a major correction back to $39/40.
I'm expecting to wake up to $50 tomorrow.
>Neo started mooninghuh?
Where is it mooning?
We must be on a different page.
Breaking resistance.
Fuck off with your shitty deluded TA, bet your TA couldn't predict that pump out of nowhere yesterday.
Just bought 2 more with my ETH.Will I make it with 30 NEO?
Lol back to 35...can't believe you fucking retards got excited and pumped the price over fake news
wanna bet
I never stated you was wrong, I am stating that TA is mostly bullshit in crypto, a person can guess that it will do another pump with your useless TA.
I've been making bank without TA or any of the tools used in crypto such as RSI or some shit
What does that big box on the left mean?
0.00540000 to 0.00552610 increase in 30 minutes.Nigga that's a 2%.
It means the poential risk of people dumping on your stuipid ass all the way back down there
Also, there's low volume and no support until 0,5.It's stable at the 38,2% but f it doens't move at all, I expect it to even bounce to the 50% regression.
how u do dis?
thats not how you use a fib.
retracement you fucking knuckle dragger
But the rectangle checks out?
You fucking blockhead
I bought in and then immediately sold because of this faggot thinking it was going to dump.
Right when I sold it mooned for 7% profit in 2minutes.
Faggot just cost me $2,000 in missed gains.
How do you fucking FIbonacci, bro?Not that I should expect more from someone that take a picture with his smartphone to the screen, but....Just to let you know, if you want to share your fucked up TA made on Bittrex, click on "Share" and you get a nice, clean picture like this.
no it doesnt, looks like some retard discovered the drawing tools on trex and tryed TA for the first time in their life
Seems like NEO is back to 45.
Maybe we will break the previous ATH that would inspire some real fomo
Thank you /Biz I got on time for the first time.
Ta actually does work for long term/biz/ just memes it
Monday when the news turns out to be a fizzle, is going to be fucking brutal
TA is mostly bulshit in cryptoLmao, no it most definitely is not.
Aaaand sell.If you want to make a profit, sell now, it's overbought.
I am making bank everyday and I do no TA, you're probably going so say I gamble or just lucky but I've been doing this for months.
.0075 
any tips for us?
aka "I need to accumulate more for the next ATH."
what's your method bro?
aaaaand up we go.
I caught wind of the news to come out soon (sounds ridic but a buddy has a wife who knows someone at onchain, found this connection via linkedin).
I'm still in shock over what I heard.
Have sold both of our cars today + all available saving and maxed 4 creditcards, borrowed 50k from my parents too, all in ALL IN.
When this hits it will be instant $500, then onwards to BTC prices.
I wish I could put in more but I'm comfy enough.
lol
Yeah.
I trade by my gut instinct after studying everything I can find, and that is quite a lot.
So, my gut tells me the same thing.
Stayed in with fist of iron and balls of steel through all the roller coaster ride.
Can't shake me loose.
This is My Time.
I have the same buddy, can confirm
top kek
I'm also holding neo but top fucking kek
Cant shake me loose, either.
Day trader coin hoppers want to fud us down to nothing so they can buy back before the news hits.
Im.
Not.
Selling.