So from my current understanding, I read that you should mostly pay attention to BTC value relative to your trades instead of fiat/usd.
If that is the case, why is ETH to USD rising, while the ETH to BTC is falling?
If I'm understanding it correctly, if you invested equally between ETH and BTC at the trough after the main peak of ETH, you would have been better off just going all in on BTC even though the USD price is increasing, correct?
If eth to btc falls while eth to usd is rising, it means btc to usd is rising even more.
Why would anyone on God's green earth be putting money in ETH the past 3 months theninb4 buy low sell high
It's because the price of bitcoin is rising or falling
BTC is more worth than fiat, it should actually be taken to value the measure of goods
4388934this, OP.
think of it like a race and ETH is losing ground to BTC but they're both still ahead of the dollar
But since there's an inverse effect between the two, ETH looks like it is continuously going up in price, but still getting weaker compared to BTC.
So if you went to ETH, aren't you missing out on that whole gap of gains between the two lines?
So if you went to ETH, aren't you missing out on that whole gap of gains between the two lines?yes
ETH and BTC are measured in USDwhen BTC prices go up/down, ETH prices tend to do the opposite as it's real growth comes from USD and thus the USD price remains the sameBots arbitrage these coins like crazyTL;DR: buy eth when btc is at it's top, it's better than holding tether
4389289Thanks, yall the true mvp's of /biz/
Thanks for the advice mayn.
It's going a long way
anytime, bruv
anyone think the btc eth ratio will start climbing back up in he coming weeks, months?
to something closer to .06, .07, .08, ect...?
Emotions, the same reason people buy ltc.
It has a smaller market so it must moon!
Lel
i don't see it ever getting higher.
to be fair, i never invested in ETH, never saw the value and still do not.
however, i do wish i would've bought it earlier this year for the gainz.
but, i only invest in, what i think are, solid projects instead of chasing gainz
Yes, because of Casper
Also see this ta...
Descending wedgehttps://www.tradingview.com/chart/ETHBTC/xwfdqmfq-ETHBTC-New-Long-Move/
Was wanting to ask a very similar question but couldn't find a good thread.It just occurred to me that my perceived losses of the last 36h actually aren't losses at all and in some cases actually gains when looking at their dollar value.
As in, while the BTC graph looks depressing as fuck, the USDT one is looking alright, so I haven't actually lost any money.
How the fuck do you guys juggle this shit when trading, looking at just BTC/?
it looks like selling ?
is a terrible idea, but I might actually be locking in gains?
Or should I ignore USDT like OP suggested and just trade off of BTC graphs.
bump, pls help a newfag
i can't really give you a technical answer but I can try to give you a logical answer to the best of my understanding:when you compare price to BTC you're basically operating under the assumption that BTC will be the best longterm performer and you're comparing your coin to what you would have in BTC had you bought BTC instead, so you're basically looking for whatever you buy to outperform BTC gains (else why hold anything besides BTC in the first place)So for an actual example:a couple months ago I bought an altcoin called QTUM, at the time ti was around 230k sats or around ~$11.xx if I recall.Then about a month ago BTC started mooning, it went from ~$4500 to above $7000 which caused pretty much all altcoins to either crash in $USD and/or become worth less percentage of a BTC.
So the QTUM I bought had been worth 230k sats, but as of a few days ago was closer to 150k sats, that's a huge drop, but the $USD price was still similar to what I bought it for ($11.xx) because now 150k sats was worth more money as well (since BTC went from $4.5k to $7k+).
However I would have obviously just been better off to keep my investment in BTC instead and gaining profit, instead of holding that QTUM and losing fractions of BTC while maintaining similar $USD value.Hope that makes some sense.
Generally I've found it's better to just stay in BTC like many people recommend.
That helps, thanks.
I feel like this means I shouldn't look for long term hodling in terms of BTC though, and should instead use the USDT charts.
*because BTC could crash suddenly and it doesn't mean I'll make mad gains selling off at that time