I'm an 18 year old NEET with 23k in savings.
What should I do?
I have zero expenses/debt.
I'm thinking about investing 20k and leave the 3k in savings.
What should I buy?
When is the best time for me to get into BTC?
If I put 10k into BTC and wait 5 years will I be rich?
Fuck off you worthless neet.
What should I buy?BTC and ETH>When is the best time for me to get into BTC?Now>If I put 10k into BTC and wait 5 years will I be rich?Probably.
It's already doubled in price the past year
If I have 10k worth of Bitcoin where do I keep it?
Would it be safe to buy 10k worth off of coinbase and keep it in a wallet there?
Or should I buy a hardwallet?
tulip mania 2
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Electrumhttps://electrum.org/
If I put 10k into BTC and wait 5 years will I be rich?It either goes to the moon or crashes to 0.I use the Ledger Nano S.
you should put 3k in crypto and the rest into vstmx admiral shares
Electrum for a PC software wallet.
I never bothered with hardwallets so can't comment.>Would it be safe to buy 10k worth off of coinbase and keep it in a wallet there?Yes.
Coinbase is based in the USA and has insurance which is pretty good.
What would happen if coinbase shutdown or went bankrupt?
Would I loose all my BTC?
only if you left your coin on the site, that's why you put it in a wallet
where did you get that money from?
Coinbase can be used as a BTC wallet, right?
Just money my parents have given me.
every exchange creates a wallet for you to leave your coins in but I wouldn't recommend you leave them there for longer than you have toyou should probably go to r/bitcoin and check their wiki for basics on wallets, mining, exchanges etc before you make any purchases, also coinbase sucks ass and gouges you with fees, there are better exchanges depending on where in the world you are (Gemini in the US for instance)
lucky faggot, I had to work to get my first 23kand no wonder you have no debt/expenses, you're an 18 year old NEET
4403715who cares where he got it, this isn't a pissing contest
zero expenses/debtOy vey!Use that 20k as the down payment on a house.
Try to get a deal for 5% down so you can get a $400k house.
That's a stupid idea, JEW!!!!!!!!!!
I'll give you investment advice buy 7K in ETH3K in ETC3K in BQX3K in ARK2K in BCC while it's dipping2K more in BTC when it dips againThis portfolio will make you 500k+ in 2 yearsSend .2 ETH for the investment advice here when you get started Just hit Withdraw and place this address in and for future advice leave your email as a note.0x6012cc67f31aeb9d62b7a1286a6bc5085763fed3
surely with his excellent credit he's fine getting a $500k housepayments will be a piece of cake
OP don't listen to Listen to Think how proud you're parents will be to have raised a mature bizraeli and soon to be homeowner!
Try to get a deal for 5% down so you can get a $400k house.buying a house for 400k from a stupid boomer who paid 40k for it.
LOL.