Nice looking theme.
Damn this coin is gonna be huge
damn thats sexy
How much hdd space does it take to sync?
It's 32GB now.
Took me ~12 hours to fully sync it yesterday.
Is there a light wallet yet?Fuck that
you can wait until it's $250 and you'll have your light wallet retard
Lads I went all in on monero earlier today and it's gone up 10 bucks.Comfy as fuck right now
I say Monero goes 3000 dollars each.
.36 BTC.
Snap this fags.
It's goin there.
Pfft wait until zArk protocol gets implemented and you have completely anonymous transactions with ring signatures on a dpos chain that doesn't require you to sync shit
you can use a remote node but lose some privacy.
it takes awhile to initially sync but simple to use afterwards in my experience.
look at all the bumped monero threads on /biz/am pretty sure this shit is gonna drop very soon.
please short it since you are so sure.
kill you'reself

when will zArk be implemented?
if only they were really private lolif you want to wash let's say 200 million dollar, do you use the 60% something private coin or the 100% private coin ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Monero/comments/7e99cv/forum_funding_system_proposal_gui_redesign/Looks like it’s just a concept Hope it happens
going to be hugeYou talk about it like it isnt already a top 10 coin.It has always been amazing and thats why it has outperformed BTC.
Only true private transaction.
Just a solid investment in general, doesnt even dip when bad news hits the crypto-sphere.
I think its big right now because it just showed how resistant to the tether news it was.
barely budged, and now that things are going smoother again its mooning.
It consistently outperforms BTC.
which is.... very rare.
What’s wrong with ZCoin?
I’m not saying it’s better but it’s pretty damn good
pretty damn good isn't enough if you REALLY want to have your privacy.
zcoin yeah, the coins get burned once you send them and the receiver gets new one... but, it's the transaction that's not fully private.
70-90% isn't enough.
Especially when it comes to the darknet.believe me, the REALLY big money will go through Monero.
you can set your sellorder at a 10x and once in a while it'll get activated, just like that.
Xmr has fbi backdoors no thank you
well put
ive said it before, ill say it again.>MONERO is the only coin that has a chance of overtaking BTC
also, this:https://np.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/737is9/charlie_lee_tells_snowden_why_monero_is_better/
Eh don’t get me wrong I own both but that’s a very narrow view.
There are things ZCoin definitely does better
This.
This.
if it's not 100% it isn't a private coin.
end of story.
you're like the normie girl that explaines me that windows is better than linux because she read for linux there are no anti virus softwares
You also have to look at this in terms of market cap.
One clearly has more upsideAND ZNODES HNNGGGGGG XMR still
Went all in this Morning.
$823 isn't a bad days wage.
I think it will be dashI saw dash advertising on youtube and they are really marketing like a billion dollar companyI am just a fan after reading about them yesterdayInstasend sends transaction is 1 sec.
wowDash will never forkDash funds itselfProof of stake.So many holdersLike is this real life?
Actually; if battery technology keeps developing at the rate it is now, along with the reduction in costs of solar technology.... POWR has the potential to take over bitcoin in the near future.POWR is not going to be worth 10,000 a coin, but it will grow in value at a much faster rate than bitcoin and Monero over the next few years, simply because POWR has a working product.$2 by December
IT'S DASHkek
The Fuck.outa heah wit dat penny stock BOY!
lol, you should look into how Dash was launched and you may change your tune.
Its essentially the first of the crypto scan coins.
fucking PWOR shills gtfo.
Your coin is a pump and dump and you cant explain to me what it does beyond "it helps with electricty" but nobody knows how.
Monero holders will be peering over the edge at (you) Dashed on the rocks below.
I bought this coin at $15, I bought more at $50, and even more at $95.
I think next year is really going to surprise some people, and they will be kicking themselves over something that is SO obvious
A remote node can be used.
Still private.
DASH IS A SCAM FAGGOTS.
Please.
Do not ply your scam here.
Hahaha, you obviously haven't done ANY research.
What?
You read an article and questioned people on here?
Didn't get your explanation and that's it?Did you dump when it dropped and you're salty it's been stable all day after going back up?
Love how you didnt prove me wrong, because it has no actual use or value.
we need a /scam/ for shills to go to so they gtfo of /biz/
4496593
They have a working product.You can use Google?
you could too.
but since there is no legitimate reason for the coin the google search is pointless.
Sorry you are holding bags.
Ah ok pump to 600 got it.
Correction:>https://getmonero.org/resources/user-guides/remote_node_gui.html
shut up lil faggot.
lol
where the fuck do I download it?
i think the skin is just concept right now
looks good.
If they have a reliable wallet, I might just jump into the monero team.
apparently we can fund the guy 25 XMR to actually build it?
I say go for it since we have always had a reliable wallet.
other options atm are android wallet called monerujo.
multiple hardware wallets and mobile wallets are in the works.
I would rather fund monero's resident crypotographer https://forum.getmonero.org/8/funding-required/89004/funding-for-surae-at-mrl-for-q1-2018
The only patrician coin.
that looks so good it makes me wanna buy some monero just to use it
You can view the source code yourself buddy
Monero wallet is my favorite.
Much easier to use than my bank account interface, not even going into looks.
I believe in this, hodling!Ps.
new group: https://www.discord.gg/nrzXfhS
LMAO I bet this pajeet can't even code.
Source is on Github, math is in the papers.
But you don't understand it right?There main problem right now is transaction size.
Once StringCT and Bulletproofs are implemented, Monero blocks will be around 8 MB and fees much lower.
Monero and all other coins arent resistant to the inevitable btc bubble burst.
The days of moon landings are over soon boys
How much privacy is really lost doing this?
So many shills
NSA, CIA, FBI, are hosting all the remote nodes monero BTFO
this.
the ARK wallet beats the piss out of this and is way sexier.
I think I'll buy some more ARK actually.
Zcash has way more coins left to be mined.
Adjust your calculations or prepare to be just'ed.
ZionCash is overvalued.
I'm hosting a remote node (not CIA promise).Very little.
Search on the Monero stack exchange for the exact answer but using a remote node is still very private.
devs said in the slack zArk due for release early jan.
Very little.
Search on the Monero stack exchange for the exact answer but using a remote node is still very private.Yeah I figure as much.
I host my own node on a private server just in case but I doubt I'd be too concerned using an official remote one.