Mediterranean poon patrol editonRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Top 100 Robinhood stocks:https://i.imgur.com/IvGznaV.jpgPremarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread →
BUY THE $TRXC DIPER THURSDAY AFTER HOURS
Is dollar tree a good investment?
WHAT I LEARNED FROM /rgt/ IS.......
Would it be dumb to buy into AMD at 12.04?
He missed the dip
I think it would be dumb but I'm not one of the smarter traders here.
Buy high sell low
Personally I'm waiting for it to dip under 11 again.
Buy PLUG for tomorrow's earnings.I saw RLOG coming and I'm calling this one too.
.
buy high sell low2.
always yolo penny biotech FDA trials 3. if the stock is more than $1 and isn't named AMD it doesn't exist4.
uvxy my nigga
pretty gud list
Guys I'm feeling good about AMD today, about to go in with my life savings
It's n-not a loss if you d-don't s-sell
It looks good but you missed the dip
hey guys new faggot here, can this make me rich?
or at least give me decent passive income?
The hell is that shit?
What is margin call and why the fuck does it keep rising?
Income?
More like outgo.
It's the lowest amount of money you can have without getting fucked.
You know damn well why it's rising.
The SINA and WB earnings ran a train on my portfolio.
I also did the classic buy high sell low strategy with Weight Watchers.
I sold this morning for a profit and decided to buy back at $54 in because I thought it would run more
Should I not use all of my buying power?
Lole
Probably not.
Oy veyHow did we do today goys?
I'm doing fine butthead, was just wondering.
yolos a greek shipping stock>yolos a meme stockyou'll lose it all soon fren
>TENXAnyone else buying the Dip??
SPI is having a R/S split tomorrow, anyone in?
I WANT TO BUY THE DIP SO BADDDDDD
I bought x amount of shares.
Sold half and made back the original investment.
Now watch me hold these bags my dude
Set a $3.05 limit buy for 150 shares, thanks anon.
I've pretty much resigned myself to not selling until next September.
Fucking robinhood.
Still up like 50 percent.
I have $1000 and I want to leave it in a stock for like a year while I live in the woods.
I was thinking of going with a safe stock with dividends, but I know /biz/ is about more than that.
What are the one year memes b o i s?
fuck fuck fuck im terrified of SNAP earningswhy did i buy this shit
Thanks to the frog poster who called RLOG this morning
I thought XXII earnings was today?
No?
$SHIP is the play for tomorrow
pretty good, if you ignore my bags slipping to zero all in on colgate open up a non-robinhood brokerage account
VOO.
4238067and SPHD for high dividends
Fuck me.
I should have bought into HTGM like I thought.
Last time it had a good earnings call, it ran for two days though.
So maybe I can still get some decent profit off it in the next day or two.
>the shantytown of SNAPcity
Tomorrow after hours.
>snap
Snapchat isnt lookin too hot
4238138I got marked PDT today too to cut the loss
Hold SINA, it doesnt make sense how it dropped so much when WB already recovered.
Thanks m8.
What do you expect from it?
Good or bad?
Snap normally jumps the day after it's quarterly massacre right?
rip anon
I dunno.
I cashed out my AMD position today at 12.25 after getting in at ~11.
Make of that what you will.
>mfw Ive shorted snap before the earnings today
TTWO LIFTOFF ACTIVATED
Not a clue, I'm not invested in it.
Until it doesn't.
Time to open an account with a real broker.
Why did I invest in that sexting app?
Because you specialize in holding bags?
tomorrow is always a new day just gotta turn that frown upside down hahahahahahahahahahaha
You're probably better off for it.
I'm pretty sure I got memed on.
GUYS???
GOPRO???
its in the tech cuck club with SNAP and Pandoranowhere to go but down
that aint shit m8, lose 2.5k in a day like me
>BAC down>warrants at 1.33Doubling down on +B at 1.25 or do you anons think there's enough volatility to get to the $1.10-1.20 range?
New to investing, how do I determine a stocks worth?
That wasn't even my final form
Thank you AMRS guy.
Who here holding tops bags
If you have not made an account yet, I have no real friends to share with this with.Use the referral and we both get free stocks.http://share.robinhood.com/andrewf593
Get on my lvl andrewhttp://share.robinhood.com/davidt917
What does everyone here think of $ESEA ?
Watch Shkrelis videos on YouTube.
His interpretation of stock worth is what wall street uses.
4238536fuck off daviddddI just lost 1k today.
The last thing I need to zee is you shilling for shitty free SIRI and CHK shares
Weak day ;)
Dont forget groupon and zynga ;^]
This.
I have tons of friends, and I'm sure if you're in this thread you have an account, but if you're using another broker and want to be able to get some liquidity pattern trading from anywhere on your smart phone use my like for a free stock.http://share.robinhood.com/davidt917
Mommy help
Why would someone with $112k use Robinhood?
What did you start with?
When does snap get back to 30?
im not shorting anything atm, im going long on all of these positions and clearing the table once im ready to dump them and relooking at the market and whether or not i need to use IB for shorts
Why not?
Genuine question, Robinhood is all I've ever traded with so I wouldn't know.
canada goose better beat the fuck outta earnings tomorrow
its all most people need unless you feel you need a (((Market Neutral))) position, which means you have balanced longs and shorts.
With the bull market the way it is, im not certain market neutral makes sense right now.the only thing I go long in is something that i feel is REALLY undervalued, which generally means none of the blue chips because their prices far more closely represent their true value because of the attention they get.This is another reason why its unnecessary to use anything but RH right now
I don't know if Robinhood has improved since I used it last summer, but from what I remember, it was just unreliable.
Their servers would randomly go down, which is not what you want to happen when you need to sell.A real broker also offers more technical tools, ones you can actually use on your computer, and you get real-time stock quotes.
You can look at order books, buy options, sell short, and plenty of other things that I don't actually do.
But there are benefits, most of which boil down to having the assurance of a reliable big-name broker that can be held accountable, vs. some tiny Silicon Valley startup that only has a cute little mobile app and posts funny things on their twitter.
Okay, so I know that its a stupid thing to ask, but are there any stocks you guys think are undervalued right now?
I just want a few examples to look at and im not sure where to start.
some tiny Silicon Valley startup that only has a cute little mobile appI'll have you know that Robinhood is coming out with a desktop version for beta testing soon.
I know, I'm in line to try it, should be interesting
Ive been on RH for 3 months and no reliability issues.RH is insured up to $500,000 federally.
DCIXDown 15% since yesterday.
Can I get the image with all the up and coming earnings reports?
Greeknot today pajeet
herebe careful though.
i got burned 3 times earnings just today lol
gambling earnings*
RLOG crashing AHWTF!!!!!!!!!
4238984buying before earnings is a really bad idea, almost always.
I planned on shortingthanks
It'll come backDon't worry, we're going to be rich
quite brave of you, regardless
I just bought some Wendy's and Global Payments.
Fuck it.
Oh yeah, can RH users trade in AH and pre-market?
RH Gold
Yes if you pay a fee for (((gold))) status.
Mine costs $10 a month.
he fell for the memeEnjoy your bags.
what made you get wendys?
I was thinking about it since it's been down lately
i'm up over 100% this year and like 80% of that was from earnings plays
he didn't buy the meme

Fucking boring
Didn't you read the second sentence?
Newfag to daytradingHow much do I need to start with lads?Currently unemployed but want to play with some money on the side that I can afford to lose
Where are my Square boys?
ER tommorow.
Is it safe to assume we are about to head into a bear market?
No, if corporate tax cuts come there will be major BOOM
Hey guys brainlet here how much stock do you need to buy to get dividends?
but what about all that growth this year?
certainly there must be a pullback...
I maybe holding all the bags.
Want to though.
Newfag question here.
Can anyone explain the bear and bull terminology to me?
We're good until the tax bill falls through and the rate hike decisions in December.
Bear= stocks going downBull= stocks going upBear= badBull= good
>ATVI Run by literal retard sjw faggots that spread faggot propaganda to children by placing furry gun camos and fag pride shit in there games.
Business model barely even revolves around making games anymore.
90% of the development time is spent on making more skins and guns for in game micro transactions >CEO says they are delivering epic entertainment
Oh.
That was simple enough, thanks.
I bought amrs
too simplethere are cycles.
Look up history of market bear and bull cycles
Why must there be a pull back?
The economy is on the move.
bombers with gay pride flags on the back of them drop fag trans 52 gender confetti on black female nazis
printing free money is considered growth.
Uuhhhh
That's not too bad, considering a regular broker charges $5 or more per transaction even during regular market hours.
What are good stocks to have on your watchlist?
i herd if u buy da dip it is free moneysthe fed will bail every1 out in a crashbut u have 2 buy it before they do
What’s your price target bro
>amrs pushed back earnings till the 14th with news of a big commercial agreementGet in tomorrow
 share
To be honest, I'm thinking I should have sold when it was above 2, but at the same time I should've held onto TOPS a little bit longer.But hopefully it'll open strong tomorrow, I probably won't sell under 2.
Sell limit at $2?
Should I get a gold account?
Seems like it would be worth it...
What’s the fee
Margin can help you increase your gains but it also increases your losses, and you're on the hook for that cash if you fuck up and lose the margin money.
After hours/premarket is good too since sometimes you can get good prices for shit as well as cut potential losses before normies swarm in.https://d2ue93q3u507c2.cloudfront.net/assets/robinhood/legal/Robinhood%20Gold%20Pricing.pdf
What happened Here?
Untradable?
HOLY SHITAMRS MOTHER FUCKERShit they were fucking rightSynthetic biology is now projected to be a 40 BILLION dollar by 2020.AMRS is not only not going to fail like so many have bet on, they are going to lead and corner this marketFUUUUUUUUUUUUU buying in tomorrow
TOPS bag holders were born today it looks like.
They're rescheduling so they can count all their money, right?
:)
Fuck dude I should have bought in yesterday.No biggie, this is a long one with dat market projectionhttp://www.bio-itworld.com/Press-Release/Synthetic-Biology-Market-is-Expected-to-Reach-$38-7-Billion,-Globally,-by-2020---Allied-Market-Research/
Where can I find someone/what can I do for 1 bitcoin to escape wage slavery.
I literally have .07 bitcoin.
It hurts
Fuck it, I'll buy in tomorrow
pushing back earnings worked out well for lodethey're probably didn't miss terribly or anything.
they just need more time to count all the profits they made :^)
Dude, we don't have a choice now.AMRS stumbled onto creating a new sweetener while Huge companies are searching for new non sugar sweeteners If the words Coca-Cola are uttered this week its the fucking MOON.this shit will go from 3.50 to 15 in a day.
MOTHER OF FUCKING GOD YOU HAVE TO BE SHITTING MEHOLY FUCK
I'm not sure what this means desu
it means he's full of shit and trying to hype his bags upif this was true, big money would've known way ahead of some 4chan shitposter and invested accordingly
dubs says life savings on CERU my nigga
4241144my bags?
I haven't bought yet, goofballif its true?
its a fact that AMRS has a new sweetener ready.its also a fact that major companies are looking for new non sugar sweeteners after a lot of bad PR on other fake sugars.I said IF coca cola was mentioned it would be insane.
for some reason I thought the whole sweetener thing was just a metaphor.
unfortunately this
trxc - mazor for the one two robo punch.
Holy shit 38.5 billion dollar market by 2020
Been saying it all day anon, good to have you on boardPushing ER back after hours has me even more hyped

why would they push back ER if they had nothing but good news to report?
wouldn't they want to get it out as soon as possible?
Last minute commercial announcement
I keked so Fucking hard.
I love this board.
Only insiders get this
Get what?
The image?
42406034241567just like how lode pushed their earnings conference back because they were doing so good
AMRS gave a reason shit headdid you read it
This is my favorite.
LOL!!
Fucking kalki and the greeks
Added to Robinhood so I can laugh at your pink wojack
You gotta pay the gains toll if you want to get in the B hold.
Guys, don't buy AMRS.
It's a trick like LODE was.A bunch of pathetic losers from a group called "Xaviers School" will purposely shill a blatantly shitty company/stock here in attempt to get you to lose your money.
Don't take the bait.
kek savedFigured as much.
I remember those fools used to try to spam their discord here
/10 reverse split took effect today.
I remember getting rekt by believing the shill about AMRS, PIP (now ALT), JNUG and JDST memesBust despite all this, I remember an anon getting a good call about WTW a few days ago.
Yeah, they're pretty patheticThere's a difference though between anons making good and bad calls, and trolls strategically trying to fuck everyone over.
I paid the price for the lesson.Now, I look at the calls and do my homework.BTW, I am so lucky to have covered my NKTR short monday lol (still lost money though).
Do you guys have any good short ideas ?
I find it is much more risky than going long.
Robin hood isn't in my country but acorn is.
Is that any good?
no