>BTC becomes mainstream in 2018>Normies are given the okay after institutional money comes in> Normies go to coinbase to buy BTC see it at 11k but what's this ETH at 500?>Normies want the same ROI as the BTC 2016 levels.>Normies pump ETH to new heights.Tell me why this isn't sound logic.
she's got some nice honkerslove to rub my bitbean on them
threesome with her and the sweaty jewessWew.
Multiple $1000 predictions made... 3x opportunity will surpass 2018 Bitcoin gains.
sound, but crypto is completely fucking illogical
sheher
So two sweaty jewesses at the same time.
NO, I have not be skidaddled, as I was with ummm "Ms." Jay.http://en.rightpedia.info/w/Ashley_Rae_Goldenberg
I'm buying tons of ETH simply because it's normiebase and has shelf space right next to BTC.Also ETH is the backbone of all shitcoins which are going to take off from Normie money as well.Chasing after the moonshot seems dumber and dumber the more I think about it.
Because even ETH is more or less unknown outside of the community and once it's discovered will rocket.
It's a needless risk.Just put a ton of money in ETH.
Put littler investments in XMR and some chink coins (OMG,NEO,BCH) and come back in a year.
'Pigs Get Fat, Hogs Get Slaughtered!'
exactly this is going to happen except its going to be bitcoin cash and not eth.
Get cucked.
I'm going to buy about 3k in chinkcoin too.However, Chinkcoin isn't on coinbase thus doesn't fit the scenario I have given.
Also you saying this exactly what is going to happen doesn't make any sense since BCH isn't on coinbase.
Nice.
Just bought 100k
... but her face
Ms Jay is a beautiful woman, pretty gay not to fap to her on the regular desu
Her face is actually pretty cute.
I've got 7BTC/BCH and 50 ETH currently, and then the rest of my portfolio is whatever shitcoins I feel like playing around with.
Occasionally moving profits from shitcoins over towards BTC/BCH.
if you think manly is cute, well who am I to judge?
I would say the only other real blue chip legit coin is XMR.XMR has an actual real life current use case.
The original BTC will use XMR now.
Yes, great eyes, symmetrical face, nice hair.
8/10 in real life.
She's only 5/10 face in internet land.
Cute if you like transexuals
or you could not be a retard and buy a low mkcap coin like linkif you want to make it you need to buy something cheap with a ton of potential and room for growth, bitcoin and eth are not what youre looking for
LINK is good way to never make any money.
They refuse to promote unlike OMG.
Also unlike OMG, they haven't actually made anyone any money besides themselves.This game is all about marketing at this point.
Almost no one has a working product besides XMR and ETH.
BTC isn't used to buy shit any more.
this isn't sound logic because normies aren't mouth-breathing-frothing retards like your average shit coin buying basement dweller.
people who invest in stocks underpants investing x1000 more.
they want to see things like 10ks, quarterlies, studies, sales, balance sheet, future projections
That's an extremely small numbers of actual investors.
Normiebase draws in your average middle class person.
2018 will draw them in and they will buy both.
be me>Dec 2016, open coinbase account.>Holy shit btc is expensive>Da fuck is etheriuiumim?>Price 7.00 usd>Buy alot of eth and a little btc...So yeah, your logic worked on me..
Please tell me you didn't cash out at like 30.
once it's discovered will rocket.
It's a needless risk.so how is it a risk?
it might not get discovered?
They'll notice other altcoins as well and might not want ETH.
For the record ETH doesnt need normies to get to $500.
That is a natural trajectory for ETH,
They'll notice other altcoins as well and might not want ETH.The other altcoins have a higher barrier to entry in that you have to transfer ETH to an exchange.
On normiebase, it's right there.
All this talk of ETH makes me wonder, what's the longterm life of LTC look like?
This is not a bad idea.
The only caveat is that LTC is also on Coinbase.
Solution: split between ETH and LTC.
Win-win.
I have cashed out half the eth to increase the btc position and have bought another dozen shitcoins that are doing ok, mostly neo that I bought at 3, but most others are doing good to.no profits taken...every penny in is still in crypto, i'm letting it ride till i retire or it goes to zero.