This seems too good to be true.
Is Bitconnect lending a scam?
oopshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yelff4MGAyk
nope totally legityour investment is actually backed up the US governmentgo all in
yeah how could you believe anything guaranteeing an insane ROI its a classic pyramid scheme
This dude says he was an investment banker and now willing invests in something he knows is a HYIP.
Take that however you want.
He believes bitconnect truly does have a trading bot that does so wonderfully, every day, without fail.
Yes but it works and Carlos From New York is biz's guy so fuck you.
Full disclosure, I'm not invested in bitconnect.It's nothing more than a pegged currency system utilizing a POS system.
It's brilliant actually...They premined 8mm coins, offered 4.5mm in ICO and only sold about 1mm.They have a POW/POS chain and they'll always hold/stake the majority of coins (they hold 73% of supply right now, max supply is 21mm i think).
In order to earn that "crazy" 1% return per day, you have to buy then lend them your BCC coins (which they stake to earn more coins).
They pay you 1% and they let you compound it for whatever time the math works out to (I'm sure they did a risk analysis).
So lets say $10k lent in the beginning of this year compounded becomes $100k now, everyone freaks out and says it's not possible, it's a ponzi etc.
The reality is your $10k bought 62,500 BCC (.16 cents) which you then "lent" to them, they pegged it to BTC so now the price is $270 and they're sitting on $13million + whatever they earned from staking and exchange fees.
Oh yeah.. and the BTC that you used to purchase originally....They're walking away with the bulk and paying you less than shit but that's ok because their goal is to get normal people involved in crypto and show them financial independence which I'm cool with.
What happens when the price/volatility of BTC/BCC drops?
They simply lower the % they pay out, slowing the liability of compounding/ demand for the coin until BTC makes it's next move.
I think it's safe to assume that BTC will hit $10k next year and $20k by '20-'25 so BCC will rise accordingly.
This is currency101 type stuff.
I really get a kick out of the FUD everyone spreads without doing the basic math.
No, totally legit.t.
Madoff
The reality is your $10k bought 62,500 BCC (.16 cents)Why 16 cents?
I don't get that part.
In January the price was .16 cents
Yeah but what if I sign up on bcc today.
No its nothttps://youtu.be/kbR1SXIje1U
What does it matter?
The pre-mined the coins (free) and they've been staking (free).
They're deep in the money (and will always be) and want people to use the system as an "alternative" to the wild west of crypto land.
It's why they attached a MLM sales scheme to the business.
It's the fastest way to get people on board and shill their platform.I will mention that the FUD surrounding the 1% per day is horseshit.
it's like people don't even try anymore.They have "proof" that BCC is a scam by putting 1% (the average over the last 30 days or whatever) into a compounding spreadsheet and come up with some astronomical number and say, see it can't be real, it's a scam.It's a variable rate!
how do you apply the average and compound it.
That's not how compounding works!Also, I put zero % chance of anyone in the system letting their money ride into the hundreds of millions.
Would you?
I bet most people pull out (or at least stop compounding and pull the interest payments) long before they hit a million.
This reinforces the liquidity profile of the exchange and the liability profile of the system.
Their liability of HUGE payouts will never be overbearing.
I think that's why they setup the lending time frames in the manor they did.
Every re-invest is a new loan subject to new lending rules.
so they have to pay you out that money over time, not all at once.
Not only is it a scam it's a massive violation of multiple federal lawsThey are fuckedroute mexico captchahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nV3NuQoCvnE&t=0s
Lol Ryan started off last year as a social media marketer.
He is an entreprenuer, not a fucking invesment banker.
4276507Don't believe any youtuber shills, these guys are fucking scum, they know it's a fad, and still promote bitconnect only for the referral money, and because the more people get into it, the more it lasts.They usually make more from the referral of their retarded followers than from bitconnect, even if they exit scam, these guys already cashed out.
Nice, just bought 100k!
I don't trust Bitconnect, I prefer Genesis Mining because they are more transparent and actually run a business and not a website where you send money to get money back after "x" amount of time.
I got scammed with bitpetite so any website that wants to hold my money and give it back after some time is a big no for me.
I understand that Genesis Mining technically does the same thing, but I still trust them more.