DISCLAIMER: I own a few hundred POWR tokens.How high will this go?
Saw it peek at 9k last night.
I'm pretty impressed with the company so I'm in it for the long run.
Day trader cucks can gtfo.
In 1-2 years?
Maybe $2-4 IF they get the system running.
If it is PBC it will pump up to $1-1.5 today and then dump back down to where it is now again.
If it doesn't get the PBC it will dump down another 33% ish probably and stay there for the next 6 months or until the team get the system running so people can start making money form their POWR.
What's a PBC?
I think hes referring to palm beach confidential.
They are rumored to pick it as a buy in their report.
If they do, expect the price to rise.
DESU I don't care though.
I'm in this long term.
Yup, I would have liked to cash out half my stack to rebuy LINk tho.
Really hoping on the PBC or I will sell half at 5500 where I bought in.
It will hurt when it finally does moon but oh well.
I made an extra 15% tokens flipping it during this anwyay I guess.
Really wishing I hadn't bought back in at 6500 though.
I sold it at the top aswell :/
4475325 So really PBC report is only going to influence a pump and dump.What does their report entail?They do investigations into the individual businesses or is it speculation at best?
wtf are you idiots talking about.
PBC has been settled an hour ago.
It is not POWR.
I am in on powr but get snappy u fucks
Absolutely beyond delusion at this point.
Biz will shove speculation coins up their asses like chipmunks holding for a nuclear winter but a company with working software, working hardware, deals with ausa and seeking deals in india for hundreds of microgrid trials will take a year min to go anywhere.
You will be poor forever.
Definitely won't see as hard a pump again because all the retards who didnt see its potential to begin with now FUD it even harder than before after they themselves pumped and dumped it.
All its going to take is a confirmation of deal with an indian power company to send this into the sky again.