Daily reminder that bitcoin is tulip mania 2.0.
yeah and i fucking missed 1.0
Everyone missed tulip mania 1.0 anon.
Except vampires maybe.
exactly, this is our tulip mania and i am going to enjoy every minute of it with you faggots
The greatest mine of salt is to be found in the 30 seconds between the train leaving the platform and OP arriving at it.
Ayyyy so very salty
What's your deal with interracial couples mister?
Every time I come here I see your posts
https://pastebin.com/ZUxTmR991.
BITCOIN HAVE LIMITED QUANTITY, IN DIFFERENCE FROM TULIPS, DOLLARS AND Ethereum
Muh toollipsBitcoin isn't tulips.
Bcash is tulips.
>there's a real person out there coming to /biz/ and creating a thread claiming "bitcoin is "tulip mania 2.0"">he accompanies these thread pictures of white girls with black men>he has done this nearly every day for months nowWhat's the logic/purpose behind these threads guys?
I honestly can't figure out why anyone - be it an assblasted nocoiner or regular ol' alt bagholder - would do this so diligently.
What mental disease fits this?It's so random wtf.
I love this thread just because of how much it triggers /pol/
Andy fiat is any better... Lulz
This, better buy confido.
Bitcoin is infinitely divisable and a resource doesn't have to be limitless for there to be a bubbleHousing is a limited resource
Tulipmania is a cinema play, it never actually fucking happened.
What's the story behind this pic?
It’s Ben Bernanke printer ISD.
Quantitative easing.
little peep pls
Are you retarted?
New houses get built every year, there are LITERALLY more houses available than families.
There will only ever be 21 million bitcoins, period.
Daily reminder that "tulip mania" never fucking happened
redpill: Crypto is more sound then fiat.
If Bitcoin is tulip mania then what is paper?
Don't bother.I've been on /biz/ since 2015 and I can tell you with absolute certainty that nocoiners never change.
They will continue to not BTFD and make cope threads after bitcoin rallies, again and again.
It's their comedic gift to us, just sit back and enjoy.
How can white bois compete?