DISCLAIMER: non-crypto threadIs this stock market growth sustainable?Everyone said if Trump wins the stock market is going to tank.
So far the complete opposite, but I guess maybe we're due.
>Mfw the stock market has significantly better growth than Chainlink
Look at Crypto, crazy shit can happen man.
Bitcoin went from fractional pennies to over $8000.
It's probably due for a correction to 20K.
nah, the president of the united states doesn't have that much control over the economy unless he does something completely fucked up like war.rising tides lift all boats and the economy was on the huge upswing before he even got into office.
i mean, the same reason you can't exactly blame bush's handling of the economy in 2008 for the sub prime crisis.
using the usd as a measure of purchasing powerhttp://pricedingold.com/dow-jones-industrials/>not taking paper gold into accountpic relatedyfw when the stock market hasn't gone up since 2000
stock market run a major pump before a major dump on everyone to bring in NWO...that's what you get with fiat tho.
It's nice to get away from crypto discussion for 2.5 seconds and go back to the basics.
Anyway I expect a bull market under Trump.
His single mission is to pump up the wheels of capitalism as much as humanly possible.I think the bubble is gonna start to pop around year 3 or 4 of his presidency, then the Dems will claw their way back into power.Wait a year or two.
Look for the signs and when you start seeing them pull out everything.
You could say the same thing about every tech stock ever.
This is what nobodies talking about - early investors into successful tech companies also get 100-1000x gains just like bitcoin.
The cool thing about crypto though is that your tokens are liquid straight away so you can cash out or change your positions whenever if necessary.
the whole point of the thread is to get away from cyrpto talk and you couldnt wait for even 5 posts before you bring it up.. ffs there are 49 other cyrpto thread probably gonna have a correction in the next few years but when is anyones guess.
Also its not like every single aspect of the market tanks.. there are still winners and losers.anyone looking at retirement funds?
I'm searching for a decent 30 year fund that is really aggressive.
Been looking at vtivx, seems to have decent gains but because its a fund still proforms poorly along with the rest of the market in bad years
funds>Not just buying a low cost index like VTI
Yes.
Just keep pumping out more fiat.
The market goes up because earnings go up.
Earnings go up because the population of the earth increases, and people buy more stuff than previously.
As long as populations increase, earnings will go up, and the market will go up.
Has to happen - like gravity.ALL pullbacks are temporary.
This is exactly what will happen
If the infrastructure rebuilding, tax cuts for common folk, and shackles removed from the energy sector as promised ever happens it could keep going strong.
This has all been optimism looking forward toward trumps plans, but it's been a year and none have happened yet.