Cash out, there's 90% chance this is going to be the end of BCH, 7% it's going to range for the next few years, 3% that it's the flippenning.
Do you wanna sell your BTC at $6000 and buy back at $1400 or sell at $2000 and buy at $4000?
https://fork.lol/pow/hashrateHashrate is leaving BTC(Check 3h), I wonder why?
what did he mean by this
haha holy shit the absolute delusion of corekeks
Hashrate is leaving BTCYeah it's very interesting...They must be mining non-BTC and non-BCH because BCH blocks are not really getting mined right now.Which other cryptocurrencies use the same hashing algos?
BCH took over hash rate 5 times since the hard fork few months ago.It didn't last because NOBODY TRADES THIS COIN.
Miners will go through the blocks like a knife goes through butter and realize there's no money in there.THIS ALREADY HAPPENED.
And not once.
This is depressing, what do you think will come out of this?
It's not going to be different this time, it has already happened.
If you include the sum of hashpower and value of BTC into this calculation, this 'flippenning' has reached about 30% of the previous flippenning.
It's literally nothing.
the absolute state of BCash faggots
They really move to BCH
I think he means BTC is going down to 1400 then back to 4000.
yeah except this fork will make blocks update much more frequently(from 2016 blocks to 10 minutes) so there's no miners switching back and forth and ruining bcc for a few weeks now.
also i said hashrate is leaving btc, but its not appearing in bcc either(yet).
either they're preparing for the bcc fork or they're going to another crypto
Just went all in BCH.
Tomorrow I'm either rich or poor.
Your post made me think of the journalists about Donald Trump on the 7th of November 2016
I'm really interested in if you actually did this.
Proof?
Not for long.
No transactions, which are food for miners.During the last 'flippenning' BCH price reached 50% of BTC value at this point in time.
BCH is even weaker than that.My assumption would be that BCH guys are getting desperate and taking their last chance to overtake BTC, but it's already obvious that they've failed.
at 1400?
Fork will happen on block 504031
so confused... HOW DO I MAKE MONEY IN THIS SHIT MARKET
It's bitcoin cash not bcash
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE .1 WALL
% chance you're autistic
Bcash bcash bcash
Small bet on bch, set stop losses.
Use TA
its gone because it's fucking retarded and it already knows its not gonna fill up in eternity
Hello guys I just heard about 'Bit Coin Cash'.
Can you 101 me really fast?
BTC mempool actually started to clog up again: https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#1wDid miners actually move to BCH before the fork already?
I don't see a reason to, other than to support the chain.If this continues, then BTC is dead for sure.
Core would have to do a fork of their own to save their chain.
get in now for an easy 4x
Does'nt bch need to be 2000+ for this fork to work?
And what if the difficulty adjustment is not enough?
These bags sure are heavy.
better than new year's eve countdown
AAAHHHHHH MY LINK ARE GONE!!
its going to .5 tonight when asia wakes up.
tonight
1 block left
Why has /biz/ not logged your chinese vpn and blocked you for all this stupid pasta you're throwing around?
>hiro must be in on it
float with us
i play this game for the 3% chances
It was at even more than .5 during the previous pump.
Didn't change shit, plummeted as fast as a stone in the water.
This fork just makes the difficulty adjust more rapidly and smoothly.
It guarantees (after a few days it is implemented) to output 10 min block times constantly.This should not make the miners flee from the chain or flock to the chain.
Why the price is moving?
Ignorant people just speculating.>Does'nt bch need to be 2000+ for this fork to work?No.
You probably heard it from some guy who was just pulling numbers out his ass.
The fork has nothing to to with the price.
Why is the hard fork so important?
HAIL THE NEW KING LONG LIVE THE KING
Hereeeee weeeeee goooooooooooooooo
Btc stuck at $6488 lmao.
1 block remaining.
HOLY FUCK ALL THE MINERS SWITCHED TO BCH.
Proof libk
>satoshi's vision is undermining proof of work difficulty
So you're saying that it will make miners chew through the scarce blocks even faster leaving their expensive farms idle?
This is all happening without any coordination, at best.
it will make miners chew through the scarce blocks even fasterThe algorithm tries to keep the block times at 10 min.
The BTC algorithm tries to do the exact same.
The difference is that the BTC algorithm readjusts the difficulty about every two weeks, while on BCH, the difficulty will be readjusted after every block, based on the last 24 hours.>leaving their expensive farms idleWhut?
The miners mine the chain that is profitable to them at the moment.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions

only $6488Yeah, poor BTC.
>only one more block before we eradicate the reddit core parasite and free satoshi's coin
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsAND UP SHE GOES

I just bought in around .21 - hoping it flips up .4 so I can double up and sell quick
It will go 1.0 and corefuck will be 0.3 cash
why would you sell if it flips lol?
Better overview of the show here:https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#4dNot quite as "live", but you can see the historical data visually, plus the fees.
Price going up already.This day will go in history as the day the free nation of China defeated the global banking cartel to become the global banking cartel of the free people of the world
pls go Lenin
Totally normal-sounding post.
free nation of China
because I'm only doing this to buy more ALTS - MCO and XZC / ETC and ARK - don't need to own a ton of the most expensive coin around to volatile.
Kek, sounds about right
It's just about choosing who is controlling the chains.. the blockchain.. kazaaam

I trust Roger "firecracker" Ver to reign the chink miners in
Did fork happen or not?
8MB gives more power to the mining conglomerates as it becomes even more difficult for regular people to keep up with mining>Gonna get reigned inNot happening
HASHING POWER IS CLIMBINGMINERS ARE SWITCHING BACK TO BCH, I REPEAT, MINERS ARE SWITCHING BACK TO BCHhttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
Hilarious, why not use ETH instead of Btrash then if the speed is all that is important?
Like enough people haven't already lost their life saving on this trash coin but no, it is the real bitcoin... Well guess who is number one, yup the real bitcoin and btrash will always be named btrash.
All hail the king as it is about to pass judgment
"regular people" already can't mine on corecoin idiot, go to bitcoin gold if you want to mineroger is the ancap man with a plan, he's a much more competent person to deal with the miners than the nu-male reddit core crew
I hoe unconfirmed transactions get well over 1 million
it's an optimization problem and the new DAA may be better than the original one>still has the blocksize advantageit's not a sure thing but I'm definitely holding until something substantial comes out of all of this
Here we go.
We still don't know cores counter measure.
What will they ddos this time or what are theirs options?
more block
what does nu-male mean?
honestly first time reading this.
wtf is wrong with it?
HAPPENING
Liberal pansy feminist transgenders gay bois
WE'RE LIVE BOYS
it's live now
> Find small exploit on bitcoin PoW.> Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.> Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.> Upgrade to bitcoin would nullify my exploit (Segwit)https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9f> Spam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempoolhttp://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.png (embed)https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hhttps://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-why> Tell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade> Fork the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners.> Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok> I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coinhttps://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/> Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easilyhttps://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208> Rent russian social farm for a few days> Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book> Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage> Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be bigger
mine your mother if you want to mine
I can, All in !!!!!
Either way, rich or poor!
Already happened.
Now we wait.
lol
kek
AND ITS DUMPING HAHAHAHAHAHAA
hey... hey, I think BCH is lost.
It's going up into the wrong direction.kek
SELL SELL SELL
>imagine falling for shillinglmao
You guy somehow think people will mine BCH when the block times are 10 minutes?
The profitability at that point would be $BCH/$BTC.In essence if it doesn't flip before it gets 10 minute blocks, it never will.
And it will have ridiculous fluctuations in difficulty and block time.
The first 24 hours will set the second difficulty so high that nobody mines on the second day.
Then the third day will have 1 minute blocks again, then a day of nothing.Why can't you morons see this coming?
I'm going to get liquidated if it goes under .15
cause youre talking out of your ass
Ok, give me one fucking counter argument.
Profitability is almost the same at the moment.
You must be the blind guy that is trying to trade, but since youre blind you cant see the numbers much less trade, and so you just spit some random quotes on your blind keyboard onto 4chan for aproval...
Right?
You don't understand the new difficulty algo, do you?It gets recalculated for every single block based on the last 145 blocks.
Yes there will be some oscillation but not like the old EDA.
This algo has good damping.
the blocks wont ever be 1 minute again retard.
that's what the fork is for; so that there are tens of blocks an hour.
Why does this mean its value will rise?
miners will be mining bch instead of btc because bch is more profitable
first 145 blocks mined in minutesth block is not profitable>Everyone stops mining.>BCH limps through 73 blocks to begin to move the difficulty back down>next 73 blocks are mined in minutes>rinse and repeatThere is a reason the difficulty adjusts all at once in BTC, and there is a reason they didn't pick 140 blocks.
How does that make it more valuable though?
It just magically is worth more because it confirms transactions faster?
it's a moving average
wtf
But it won't be more profitable if the algorithm works...If BCH blocks were 10 minutes, and BTC blocks are 10 minutes, and BCH is not already more valuable than BTC, then the mining profitability will be (like I said) $BCH/$BTC.
It doesn't necessarily...However once BCH value rises and BTC falls, it sets up a positive feedback that kills BTC.
The only thing slowing it down is when people start to pay 2000 sat/byte tx fees to keep the miners in BTC.Really thought it's a behavioural game -- how long will the big money in BTC wait until they trigger their stop limits?
I think most of them won't even exit to BCC, rather they will cash out.
Remember when BTC was 500$ and you didn't buy in?
Remember when it was 1000$ and you didnt buy in?
Or even at 3000$?Well this is the moment where you can start over !
It's only gonna go more up from here.Maybe do your self a favour and get it for under 2k while you still can?
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cqb2l/after_new_daa_btc_mining_profitability_went_from/
It takes the average of the last 145 blocks even on the first block of the forkIt has to start somewhere, and they would be incredibly foolish to include these last cripplingly slow blocks in the algo.
r/btc
BCH RECOVERY RIGHT NOW
that wojak genuinely frightens me
it will be, but the difficulty won't drop as much as it did with EDA
High guys!
This.
It's happening today.
At the very least, if you're not a shitcunt, move your BTC to a market so that you can trade when the shitstorm hits.Bitcoin's already at 123000 unconfirmed.
And BCH is very quickly gaining mining power.fork.lol
KANGZ
fork.lol incorrectly accounts for fees.
It does not consider the actual amount paid in a block as part of the reward, it takes the average fee in the mempool * number of transactions.It doesn't sound like much, but it incorrectly reports that BCH is equally profitable to BTC, which isn't true.
Just want to point one thing out: If every miner acted selfishly and only mined the most profitable, then any deviation from perfect equilibrium mining profitability could actually spiral out since all miners would switch permanently to one currency and the other could get locked out.
Since block difficulties are only recalculated **AFTER** mining a new block, the difficulty of next block would not get better even if you waited years.However, not all miners are like this.
We have hardcore miners who stick to BTC, and likewise for BCC.
This means that neither will get locked out.
For BCC this is great because only ~2 blocks need to be mined at a loss before the profitability starts to get corrected.
For BTC not so great, it can take 2000 blocks or very high tx fees, before mining profitability returns to reasonable levels

No amount of pumping will save btc now, 0.21 at 1400 lmao 0.3 in 3 hours
in your wildest dreams!
id rather have zcash!
id rather have fucking chainlink!
Id rather have bitbean you fucking moron!
LOL
Some faggot on Bittrex trying to keep the price up
In this hypothetical scenario, the people using the coin with 0 miners would offer decent transaction fees to get their transactions through.
This, combined with the fact that there's no competition for mining the next block (meaning you can steadily contribute mining power until you get the block with no risk of someone else finding it before you) means that it would probably be profitable for one entity to mine on that chain.