How high do we think the LTC breakout will go?
ONE FUCKING B I L L I O N
HAHAHAHA GET READY FAGGOTS TIME FOR FOMO BUYINS REAL SOONAHAHAHAHAHAHAH THEY DIDNT KNOW LTC WAS GOING TO MOONAHAHAHAHAHA

This summer I thought $100 was fair for 2017, but idkIt's the only alt I've invested it, ya know, the normie easy access coin, old, proven, ect.not that it wasn't the most obvious investment, but here's goobers on biz sayin not to buy LTC after it was added to cuckbase
ltc is a top coin.
it actually works, reminds of the early btc days when you could buy stuff with it
HAHAHAHA GET READY FAGGOTS TIME FOR FOMO BUYINS REAL SOON>tfw sold at $65Never going to get a moon mission.
85 USD today at least.
Expecting 120 EOY.
Never going to get a moon mission
Just broke longterm upper trend.
Green dildo.
Up 15% already since my call yesterday.Do we all love Lain yet?
Highest price for LTC since start of September
strong moonit's still stuck around 70
Are you on twitter?
https://twitter.com/CryptoLainIt just broke the USD 5 week ATH.
Its not surprising that it would dip back slightly immediately after.
Patience, Anon.
If anything, you should be buying the bottom of this dip.
I don't shill.
I analyze and obsessively run calculations on past price movements before I make calls (autism powers activated).
Feel free to buy some chase Anon's PnD of the minute if you feel impatient, though.Love,Lain
Still relatively low.
If I was dumb enough to buy BCH I hope I'd be smart enough to dump my bags in to LTC which is what should have happened from the fucking beginning of the jihan ver fuckery
How the fuck do you learn what all this means.
Lain, can you please explain why your Ichomoku has those settings and not 9, 26, 52, 26?
I'm very curious.Not doubting your call here.
My indicators gave me the same signal yesterday.
Immerse yourself bro.
Ive been a long term btc holder and just got into trading absolute shitcoins back in june
Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9QM8WRRWzE.
Also $BTC is heading to $9k
I like the cut of your jib
#10kMoku put out a nice video that saves me the explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5x0r-qcGoQQ
Thanks!
I follow both him and you on Twitter and enjoy your accounts.
+1 thx for a good thread anons
so i'm buying LTC right now then?
buy the 1hr dip right now.
10% by morning
alright... going in
BTC is on a massive moon.
Everything, including LTC is crashing.
Wait until BTC dips, then buy LTC at it's post-BTC moon crash low.
Should be good for a nice swing trade.
Where do you usually place stops, right below the cloud?
just bought will just hodl
I hope to 1200$
Slowly mooning towards $140 by eoy
I bought the small dip RIGHT BEFORE THE BTC MOON, AND IT WAS FUCKING CRASHING RIGHT BEFORE MY EYESShould have waited just 5 more minutes FUCK
I panicked and moved my BTC into LTC at the bottom of the dip holy shit please bounce up now please I'm down 15% today.
At least it will go back up that's for sure.
It probably will, but I've been looking at NEO red candles for the last 8 hours and I just want to recover to back where I was before I FOMO'd hard and didn't pull out at the peak with a small gain.
be patient anons, trend is in place
It means nothing.
Its the investor equivalent to posting illuminati image macros plastered with bible quotes
I'm talking about stop losses.
Typically -5 to -7% my entry price or a bit below strong historical trends.Stops can fuck you in a short squeeze, but I'd rather lose out on profit than lose my holdings.HODL for now.
Even if $BTC breaks up past the current stall point (purple), it will meet massive resistance at $8,200.
LTC will quickly recover once this occurs.
I predicted the exact TK crossover and the moon within two hours of when it occurred.
Coincidence, Anon?
Sorry you didn't learn math in school and prefer to trade on shills.
Hope that works out for you.
you were predicting some shit yesterday that didn't happen as well
4449063Also, fear not.
This is actually good for LTC and puts it in a better position than before.Note the trend.
It is still being maintained as says.My main concern with this LTC moon was the stoch rsi being pretty oversold for smaller timeframes.
With this BTC induced dip, it brings that way down, and with trend being maintained and it pushing back above the cloud it sets us up for bigger gains once $BTC slows for a bit, very likely at $8,200.Now is an excellent time for swing trading between the two, if done right.
Well, if the stop is hit, you'll lose on holdings unless you moved it to break-even or higher.
Better that than losing more and more as the trend turns against you, though.
TA is probabilistic, anon.
any guides on TA?
I've just been kinda guessing and setting stop orders so I don't lose anything.
Basics: MACD, moving average, trend lines (and how they play into support and resistance), RSI, Stoch RSI, Ichimoku cloud, chart patterns, candlestick patterns, Fibonacci retracement.
Everything can easily be learned from searching on the web and looking at other people's charts on twitter.Also, back around May there was a list of people to follow on Twitter that was decent and often posted on /biz/.
Does anyone still have that list?
Most of them were chartfag OGs and good resources to learn from.
i don't get why that guy is bragging about his predictions then
just give me a guide on reading the lines on gdax.
or a youtube vid.
I don't know of any online, though there must be hundreds.
I began by reading 'Come into my trading room' and 'Trading for a living' by Alexander Elder.
first brake out will go to 94 then 135 but rapidly higher eventually 0.033btc so 300+
if u want brake breake ur mom
based on...?