Sup.I am 21 yo but I decided to make my first business about week ago.
Now I finally started selling wooden decoration's which I produce but I got some problems with clients.
My biggest advantage on other shops is huge Technical question's.-Does customizable offer is a good thing for small company like mine?-Currently I am selling product without any box and I don't feel any need to change it.
What do you think?
Is it necessary?-How can I get more customers via internet?
I am newbie about e-commerce (still learning)-Where I can advertise my product?
(Now, I got facebook shop and info in local craiglist but no website)-I tried make a deal with local workshops for childrens and make some templates for them.
Any ideas for other B2B deals?
"Mental" question's.-How deal with very close friends who still think it's not a good business, and over and over again saing it's can "end not good".Greatings /biz/
why bother making things, you can make more money trading shitcoins
I am already doing that but trading coins takes only small part of my time
-How deal with very close friends who still think it's not a good business, and over and over again saing it's can "end not good".people are like crabs in a bucket, anon
Good thread, I'll watch this.
Like this thread.If you produce you own products you need to sell them with some "particular attention" gift (boxe, turban, customized stand etc)Don't sell cheap if you make your products : they need to be perfect and need to be a bit expensive.
Try selling discounts to your close friends / family.
spread the words.
A website is good but don't focus on it first.
It's a good business but you need to be excellent to succede.
-Does customizable offer is a good thing for small company like mine?that depends - what are your company goals?
is this a niche market?
is the long term goal large production?
p.s Thanks to crypto I was be able to buy my first tools.I thought about adding some xmass smell like cinnamon or gingerbread to my box fulfillment.
But to be honest I am designer and producer of jewellery, signs, baubles, candlestick made of wood.
In long term I want outsorce all of my product to dont give a fuck about employees and Health and safety restrictions.
My main goal is get some stable b2b deals and treat this as passive income.
Next thing about my small biz is satisfaciton.
In last 2-3 days I heard so many good things about my products and me as a person from totally random people.
It's strange when random people are nicer than relatives.
I think it's my main "fuel" to develop my buisness.
Do you have plans to keep investing in crypto?
rest of mine crypto I leave in btc.
It's around 0.009 btc so basicaly I am poor as fuck :P Tomorrow I could send some pic's of mine new crypto cup coaster's with btc and ltc logo's.
In long term I want outsorce all of my productok, then i would focus on what sells well now to generate revenue for expansion.
once the company grows then you can afford to offer customization, at a premium of course.
gotta crawl before you can walk
It's strange when random people are nicer than relatives.
I think it's my main "fuel" to develop my buisness.yes, see my earlier post surround yourelf with positive people like you've met the last few days and try to minimize interactions with those that drag you down with negativity.
it's to hard to find someone productive and not greedy.
People usually seen running buisness as magical money giving thing.
No self engagement and no self improvements is the main problem nowadaysEvery person which I met and was in my age had illegal economic activity like scaming or other shady stuff.
To be honest I am afraid of co-op with older people becouse I am look like a 16 yr old "cod" kid" and the next problem is the larger companies and even wholesaler's don't anwser to my mail's.
Long story short, they not taken me seriously.
If you keep making profits soon your €60 will become €60.000.I don't have a lot of money invested in crypto either.I also, just like you want to start a business.
Oh well, I got the same problem with messaging.
An AliBaba salesperson redirected me to one of their clients though.
I asked for a sample to that company (their client).
i am helping a friend who is in a similar position.
business is tough and you may learn some hard lessons, but if you are patient and really think through your decisions, you'll be fine.look for small business networking groups.
people that take risks respect one another no matter the age.
from there, you can build contacts and also learn who may or may not be a good business partner.
remember - it's not what you know but who you know
Oh, read Dan Lok's "F.U.
Money", it's free!
also, read biographies of business people you admire.
you can learn a lot of things from someone else's life experiences without experiencing the failures they did.
this helps when you don't have a lot of like-minded people to nearby
desu if I start again I wouldn't buy any tools.
Start with outsourcing to make 2-3 pcs of product and see is it market would buy it.In this way you could safe more money than spending them in tools or services.
I was pretty lucky and I am be able to sell my products but my investment has not returned yet.
Still need around 3-4k$.
You invested more than $4k?You have to start small, more like $1.5k max.
What an inane comment.
Where did you come up with that metric.
Is it based on what you're capable of losing comfortably?
Lol.
Now I know that...If I get return of my tools I would treat this as my first huge success.
I agree.
I own my own business and deal with your average person at least 30 times a day.
While there are definitely some exceptions the majority just want to earn just enough to get by in life, they will take no risks and do the absolute minimum of what is required.
In woodworking stuff like mine (2d decorations) you don't need very professional tools.
All you need is a cnc with work area around 600mm x 400mm and cutter or good bandsaw with experience in hands.I was just dumb...
It was my first lesson I guess.
Next question guys !
What do you think about buying facebook / google advertising?
Worth or not?
I have set a monthly budget on google at £150.
Its definitely earns more than it costs with from my experience.
No, it's kind of a vague method.
Any scalable business you can start under $3k, a woodworking business can be started for less than $800.Doesn't mean that all less scalable businesses are less profitable.