my mate is in on this shit.
opened an office and has 200 people under him.
he made 20k€ euros in 9 months and if i understand this shit right it can only go up faster and more.https://youtu.be/P_RvCTfgQAcyes strong pajeet etc etc but this shit actually is happenin in germanyis this shit legit brah?
tldr how it works:u have to buy a shitty product for 2k$ first and then u get 2 faggots in who also buy a product.
these 2 are your downlines now.
for every new match u get 200$.its actually not illegal cause there is a product involved lol.
opened an office and has 200 people under him.
he made 20k€ euros in 9 monthsBullshit.
If he has 200 people working under him and only made 20k in 9 months he is the shittiest businessman ever.
If you can successfully manage an office of 200 people you can earn a lot more from a legit job.Why would you risk joining a pyramid scheme for such low potential returns?
I'd love to see the outcome of these two girls bumping into a pack of ripped horse cocked negros.
well its actually most 18-25 year olds and its not 200 people in HIS office.
some people under him also opened an office but these are all his "downlines"
Pyramid schemes are fucking depressing.Crazy that so many people are stupid enough to fall for this garbage but it's even worse to know that there's a pajeet snake around every corner who feels 0 shame about exploiting others.20k in 9 months is a fucking trash income btw.
das it boyo
20k in 9 monthsyes but it will take less time to make double that now because he profits from all 200 people under him.
this shit goes parabolic if i understood the principle right
i need answers faggots
Wow that's incredible!!
So If each of those 200 people has 200 people, we're talking MILLIONS, right?
Wow!!
I gotta get in on this!
Are there any articles from magazines?
Like Forbes?
Or any news articles from like Yahoo!
because this thing must be making a lot of people rich, everyone must wanna get in on it right?
you literally described a ponzi scheme you fucking idiot, wow i need to get off this board if people here are this dumb
anyone have white female asian male interracial porn of them thanks
4449621cucks, fucking cucks
Not a cuck, just the one on the right looks perfect for big black cock.
> Let pooloos into your country for gibs> make pooloos believe that they are businessmen when they spend the gibs on german products instead of sending them home> German economy booms, native Germans to busy to make kids> Native Germans die off> Profitt.
Angela Merkelstein
gonna need a sauce on these girls