Shill me two alts from Binance.
Going to drop 0.5 BTC to both
Pwr and bcc
I was gonna shill you BCH, but since BCH will become the true Bitcoin I guess BCH doesn't count as an alt anymore.
Already loaded up on BCC last week.
Already 2x :)
req once it stops droppingpwr seems like a safe betnuls if you like dangerlink if you can stomach waiting forever
What does powr do?
IOTA if you can man up and hold for a few years.LINK if you aren't a goddamn retard and can run service nodesBoth are down, good time to buy
DLT
Req, Ark, Salt
Ok, thanks guys.
Dropping first 0.25BTC to Link and Powr if they dip a little bit more.
put 0.5 in each and call it a day
I want to see how they dip first..
Got my first 10k POWRLinkers show me those weak hands
Nuls
They are -25% u greedy fuck
I'll give you one because you only need one, MOD.
IOTA if you can man up and hold for a few years.this.
it should break out for decent gains within the year; but the real money is the LTH with this coin
I followed in real time how my second POWR order pulled the price down to 2635 :)
Damn that’s some good lookin Nostradamus type sheeyat
WTC looks ripe for a swing trade.
NEO and GASMark the 18th in your calendar.
NULS
POWR is a damn good buy anon good choice
NEO safest and guaranteed option but only for 2x in next few months max.WTC fairly safe, limited to 2x or 3x next few months.
Would rec ETP but not on Binance - bit bizarre for a Chink coin desu.
NULS - least safe as just out, not too much known, and dumped after initial FOMO pump but it'll be on Binance for a reason.
Least safe, but best option for potential max gains.
MOD
Elaborate please...
NULS could potentially be straight up garbage, right?
Made me already 150€.
Not a bad start.
Don’t buy req becaue I’m buying.
Just don't buy nulsWant gains within a month?
Buy salt or the riskier confido.
Want gains within 3 months?
Buy REQ.
Want 1000x-10000x gains within 1.5 years?
Buy Dovu.
What sort of shit advice is this?
NULS is $0.60, right now.
You all wanted a dip yesterday, well here it is.
You think you missed it the other day?
We are still on track for $5.
dude its pump and dump vaporware shit.
anyone who it is at the complete mercy of whale pump and dump groups because it has no fundamental value at all because it's not a product and never will be.
>all these pump and dump coins that no one even knows what it doesThe real answer is KNC and OMGHold for a year you you'll 5x
Shill me on Dovu.
What was the ICO price (in BTC/ETH)?
What price do you expect it to reach in the next month?
Any big news coming up?
4275753
REQ and MOD
see you in a week.
XVG man, come on.
obviously MOD.
easy 2-4x gains before end of year.