Nocoiners are almost like animals.
I hardly view them as humans anymore.
Their thought process is so.. tethered to paradigms they hardly understand but trumpet.
But I read the thread, this guy was actually schooling you on what is the Market cap.
What is this pajeet word salad?
ITT OP gets exposed.
Exposed like what?
Nocoiners actually trying to convince themselves all the money in crypto is fantasy and they're the only ones smart enough to not invest?
That's not what he is saying.. he's saying a lot of it is based on volume and when it is time to sell there isn't really 220b.. some mathfag can probably explain it better than me..
You're the stupidest person in history
thisOP is a retard
Goyim there's no money in crypto it's all imaginary just sell now
You were the idiot  that claimed 24 million cannot move the price of BTC, right?
You're right.
OP is the kind of retard that actually convinced himself he wasn't retarded
What you don't understand is that you don't need to put 220b on the table to have a 220b market cap.Market cap is just price*supply.In extreme cases of low volume, if the order book updates with cancels and limit orders, the market price can move several millions without any transactions at all.
not understand market cap.You are the dumbest faggot on /biz/.
44817994481810>crypto has no value goy it's all tether!!
Nobody is saying that you dumb faggot.
I'm honestly glad there are such retarded subhumans like you in crypto.
To get rich we need faggots like you to buy our bags.
Me biddng the price of one individual shitcoin up a penny brings the entire market cap up by that one penny multiplied by every outstanding token, essentially "leveraging" your effect on the market's valuation in aggregate.God damn I hate fucking brainlets like you.
You tell me if every single crypto user all hit "market sell" at the same fucking time, the net outflow would be 220bn in cash, you dense motherfucker?
That's not what were saying you retard.
44819604482047>tether is the only reason bitcoin is going up goyim it's all funny money!!!
I made more than you this year in crypto, for what it's worth
Op is next level retard
Saying there is 220bil available dollars to withdraw in crypto is like saying someone with 135 billion dollars could buy every bitcoin.
Hahahahah I made more off bitbean than you make at your day job cuntThanks NSA
I feel you.
Bitcoin cash pumped billions out of nowhere, who deposited 30 billion in crypto, nobody
bitbeana true brainlet.
Linking so I can read it
GOD DAAAAAAAMN OP YOU ARE TARD.Market cap is imaginary number you get by imagening money you get if you sell EVEYTHING at once by curent price, all wich will never ever happen.GOD DAMN YOU DUMB FUCK YOU MAKE THREAD ABOUT THIS????
You're so fucking stupid what the fuck...Imagine a coin with 1 billion supply, if the only volume contribution is 1 person buying 1 coin for $1, the marketcap is shown as $1 billion.
Fuck you and your nigger ass retard genes.
Yep, you’re that retarded guy who posts way too much.
How about switching the computer off and going for a walk.
OP having a meltdown
unironically this
>its over guys!!
hahahahahahaha OP confirmed salty retard
Everyone in biz are coiner u dumb fuck
Literal brainlet who doesnt understand what marketcap entails had the gallto start a thread.As if everyone being critical of scams like tether is a no coiner...
Jesus, /biz/ has really gone full retard today
the current market cap of crypto is 244 billion dollarsif you don't understand this, you are a retardyes yes if everyone sold at once the market would seize up and market cap would liquidate faster than US dollars could be converted, but that's true of every market on earth, stocks, bonds, cars, houses, cows
No you haven't.
holy fuck strong iq ittbraintlets everywhere.
is biz always this retarded?