While you fags have been buying high and selling low on Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, I've been making some very comfy gains on this bad motherfucker right here.Best fundamentals of all of them.
Don't say you weren't warned.
please buy near ATH
Shut the fuck up.
Stop talking about it you moron I'm still trying to buy some more
XMR is good darknet money... wouldn't put all my holdings in something so volatile.
A cryptocurrency whose transactions aren't trackable like bitcoin?
A cryptocurrency where the IRS can't contract a blockchain analysis company to throw tax evaders into prison?
This coin is going to be 10k in 1 year.Mark my words faggots.
one day it's going to go parabolic when someone buys a fuckton to launder some big crypto gains
using xmr will be illegal soon.
Governments may block it
k then
That makes sense, but then you have a billion Monero, how can you make that liquid?
I thought the only way to make these altcoins liquid is to exchange it for bitcoin, and then money, and since you are transferring bitcoin once more, your address pops up on the ledger.
govt will block it.
Will still be used and has great tech.
4343229>muh governmentGo play in the stock market candy park.
Grown ups having business here.
Idiot.
Currency is useless in a country if you can be jailed for exchanging it.
Free market will just move onto the next best crypto and you will be left holding the bag.
it can't be illegal if the gouv can't prove you have xmr
just bought some XMR.
i seriously think all this BTC drama will lead to a serious moon soon.
4343206Porn is illegal in Saudi Arabia.
You think Saudi's aren't beating their meat to Mia Khalifa in a hijab?
4343229Kovri
im thinking of buying some xmr to, convice me anons
blocking cryptoLurk.
it is what people think bitcoin was, an anonymous coindarknet wiil soon be 100% monero
don't buy it and be a poorfag forever
BTC and BCH drama isn't going to end anytime soon... XMR keeps steadily going up over the course of days but people are greedy/impatient they want instant gains - Fine by me.
I can sit back stress free knowing I'm making profit.
I'm pretty much all in on Bronero other than my long term erc20 holds.
Seems like an oasis of stability in this crazy time.
even monero is dipping thanks to this btc bullshit, im about to cash out everything and sit in usd until this shit is over