>Not an exit scam
Bullish
twitters gone...wtf is happening lol
Apparently the problem with the project is that Joost and possibly one of the other team members (not sure about that) previously worked at eBay but left to develop CFD.
Their lawyer assured them that Confido was different enough from eBay that the non-compete clause in their employment agreement wouldn’t matter.
Apparently that was wrong and they’re basically cucked now
loost 50 dollerz on this, gunna bye power now, tim for a winning.
Sell low, buy high.
Champ.
WTF, this is legit an exit scam, fuck these guys
lol confido.io is down as well
he took down his linked in too https://de.linkedin.com/in/joost-van-doorn
in fact, all of their social media presence is gone ..they fucking booked it HHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
did they really pull an exit scam for 400k usd?
lol
>they wouldn't risk their reputation to scam us for $400,000I couldn't believe it when I saw a comfydo write that.
Poor naive comfydos.
Chris - Confido Support:Guys i'm seriously chasing this up hard right now.
I'll be honest im in the dark on this
joosted
>Name of coin starts with 'Con'/Biz/non you didn't buy any of this did you?
Rekt
All you comfydos lurking on biz, where the fuck are you now?
The legal issues message did not justify such a big dip (fucking 80%?
), it was obviously the team selling before the exit scam.
No.Kek.So far two exit scams this month, ExchangeN and this piece of shit.They realized getting millionaire overnight with ICOs is easy.
Get ready guys this is gonna get worse next year.
Bitpetite said the same thing.
Idk how people fall for these scams.>their support is so active tho!Well yeah, it's because they aren't building a product so they have free time.
Chris - Confido Support, [20.11.17 13:28]Guys I'm honestly as lost as you all are here.
What has happened makes no sense to me, I hope he has just closed everything down so he can focus on the issue at hand.
But I can't say for sure
Ppl are still buying it... Sell it mongoloids.
Probably automated bots
DELUDED
exactly.
it's like this guy (chancoin).of course he's nice and spends all day in discord.
it's literally the only thing driving any interest or buys in the coin--some coin leaders take the hard work route, spending time improving their product technically, some people spend time building a cult and creating hopeful bagholders to spam internet forums
The legal issues message did not justify such a big dipOf course it did you moron.If a sudden legal issue prevented the people behind the project from developing the project, then it's very normal for the price to plummet.
it does when it involves ceasing development indefinitely
Where was this posted?
confido.io telegram group
legal issueYou idiot there was never a legal issue, they performed an exit scam.
>nothing but red on EDhas there been a bigger JUST in all of crypto?
Segwit2x futures.
Look at the chart.Confido icoers at least had the chance to x20 and x30.
>Managing to turn $2k into less than $300 in less than two weeks
Joosted
You idiot there was never a legal issueHence the "if" you brainlet.
nobody except an idiot invests a lot of money in futures, so that doesnt count
CONfidoJOOST van der Laan
Why are people still buying??
The website has gone, the subreddits now private, twitters gone even chris has no idea whats goin on!!
lmao this coin
CONJOO
Link?Also I feel like confio controlling their own subreddit was a minor red flag.
game over
Phew, out just in time!
weird, not just joost, the other main dev deleted his fb too.. this is so weird guys whats going on?
is my investment safe?
i believe in the tech fb nick.m.spatz
dude get out and salvage some of your money.
another one bites the joost

Is this illegal?
are you sure i should get out?
this is my biggest hold, along with chancoin, masternodecoin, trumpcoin, putincoin, and russiacoin.
rate my portfolio?
i believe in the tech.
if you're not joking you're an idiot and you better sell for whatever price you can get at whatever loss you have to takethis is literally going to $0.00 it's the definition of a "dead coin"
Im waiting for the sad kitten copy pasta lol
Faggot.
Getting paid to help this scam.
Hope you go to jail.
So Confido was a confidence scam?
Does anyone have an invite link for the confido telegram group, or has the group been deleted as well?
> tfw you used to be depressed about buyin LINK at 35c> tfw you are happy now you're not one of those deluded comfiders
Hope none of my chingus in here got scammed, hwaiting!!
deleted.
only thing left is this, they forgot https://www.linkedin.com/company/confido-io
looks like these linkedins are still active
I can guarantee it was a single guy running, 2 people at max.
Getting 400k is a lot of fucking money, especially if you further reinvest it.
guys.
seriously.
who in their right mind actually put money into this?Look at the LinkedIn profiles of the "team":Liam Bellumhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/liam-bellum/Nick Spatzhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/nick-m-spatz/They have several years of work experience but only about 15 contacts each?These are fucking fake profiles and they were literally featured on the website of confido.ioLowest of effort scam.
And people still fell for it.
Says a lot about the state of crypto nowadays.
DYOR you retards.
It was a lot more than 400k
Don't care, made money from this despite it being a scam lmao.
Does anyone have juicy screenshots from the tg group after people realized it was a scam?
If you find this funny you probably have the mindset of a scammer or a psychopath.
IT'S AN HEALTHY CORRECTION GUYS STOP PANICKING ANY COINS GOES THROUGH THIS
Actually, all the red flags were there, it's funny as fuck considering the amount of Comfydo threads biz had at one point :).
t. Bought at $1I've been in the telegram since whitelist.
I can get screenshots, but a lot of the memes and pink wojacks got deleted.
Don't care, made money from this despite it being a scam lmao.
There are two possible scenarios to this statement.Option A: you knew about this scam but invested anyway > that makes you a fucking retardOption B: you didn't know about the scam and proceeded to invest into this project without doing proper research.
>that makes you a fucking retardit doesn't matter that you could profit from this scam.
you were just lucky and i hope you'll come to this conclusion as well.
it's fucking hilarious you moron, that's what you get when you jump into any bullshit /biz/ whispers to your ears.
normies and newfags BTFO
please give screenshots, i want to jerk off
The only thing that's hilarious is that ICOs are all going to shit because of these events, that's pretty funny in fact, because when low IQ scammers do these blatant acts of fraud they are in fact burying their major current source of income: ICOs.
That level of stupidity is always hilarious lmao.
4463708
4463708oh no
ouch
Ha, fucking retard.
Sometimes you wonder if crime pays with idiots like this in the world.
I could see this scam from a mile away.
can someone track them by using their address linked to the exchange?i believe they are forced to use real on the exchange.
My wife or her sonFucking lmao shitposts don't count.
yes, the internet police are tracking them now.
we will have your coins back in a few minutes
they are larping
fucking idiot you can track the transaction to the account on the exchange.
exchange has to tell names because this is literally fraud
Some of them aren't.
As soon as the announcement was made people flooded the server to shitpost though.
that extra 2nd dump from when all their web presence got pulledlmao
This will make it to CCN really soon.
These scammers are going down.
yes, we are working on it now.
fucking idiot, we have downloaded the transactions and have the account pipelines, so now we are cross-processing the names database.
these literal fraudsters are on their way to jail right now and it's thanks to you.
all investor accounts are being restored to their original BTC holdings
pushing so muchyou have to understand we know what their address are and they can be tracked easily to the exchange.
be a faggot somewhere else you broke pajeet
i may be broke, but i am easily tracking them through their address through the exchange, thanks to your suggestion
Dayumm, and I was thinking on buying the doip.
Not anymore
they invested into their own ico for sure
update: we have almost got them, we are tracking them in the computer
address, like physical address?
they likely just created an LLC and registered this company in Mumbai or some shit, you'll find an empty dirt lot on a designated shitting street, but hey, good luck!
lol
Option B: you didn't know about the scam and proceeded to invest into this project without doing proper research.>>that makes you a fucking retard>it doesn't matter that you could profit from this scam.
you were just lucky and i hope you'll come to this conclusion as well.Hurts to admit, but you're completely right.
In retrospect the website and linkedin profiles were shady as fuck.
Is there anyone making a compilation of the people getting Joosted?
Jooooooosted
JOOST
HE STILL HASN'T SOLDJust WOW.
Pete?
Fuck dude I'd kms
Good, fucking retard.
buy the dip
just bought 100k
sharpie in jooster confimarine
bought another 20k too, hope this is gonna rise till the weekend
buy the dip
> solid dev team
low marketcap
A roach?
SCAM!
SCAM!!
SCAAAAAM!!!
I read on r/crypto that they think this is a scam from the start.
And they cited FUD articles from some trolling anon too.
I don't think they were scam artists.
But I do think they were fucked by their lawyer.
And that the JOOSTposting on their subreddit got out of hand and they had to delete everything.
And since they knew they were fucked they might as well just scam everybody else out of their money.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA classic
add him to the list of confirmed scams this year.
>tether>signatum>confido>exchangen>chancoin and there are only going to be more
Get rekt !
Stay poor.
BHSL (BuyHighSellLow).F***ing sheetcoin ...
you forgot link
Whoops, after looking at it myself, I can conclude that yes, this was a scam, plain and simple.
In fact, I think that the fuck goes on /biz/ given the fact that he hyped it using LINK
They were fucked by their lawyer so they deleted every fucking thing about them and the token.Right.
And /biz/ will continue to blame the victims and screech autistically at the SEC for wanting to protect investors.
Well, my bad.
I retracted this statement though.And I really really do think that the scammer browses /biz/.
His name is JOOST for fucks sakes.
He used Chainlink as bait to FOMO.
The evidence is there.
I've said it before, and despite the "hurrr durrrr you're a retard" feedbacks I will say it again: THIS is the kind of shit that will have the Feds shitting all over the crypto market.
They're slow to catch up but when they do it's going to be a fucking freight train rolling through.
Honestly it's worth giving up some privacy if it'll avoid this kind of thing.
Sure it isn't very smart to put your life savings into a single token, but either way, this isn't a minor fuckup.
It's flat out theft.
Even if you were conservative and had 20% in it would still be pretty unfair
MY WIFES SON

Are you meaning to tell me that you can do your own ICO with the intent of cashing out with retards' money like this, and no one will come after you for fraud?
4462800fucking kek
You normies are such fucking cancer>WAH WAH WAH WAH SEC PLEASE HELPSEC literally put out a warning that these are very high risk investments and are often scams.
>tfw joost browses biz and already posted in this thread
Long term hold
pimpxxxdaddy42069
underrated kek
So where's the dox or info on the guy who ran it?
I sense a mercy killing in the futureasking for preservation of history purposes i'm too lazy to kill some scammer goy
Good luck catching these guysAnd people posting that guys picture KEKDo you think he would use a real picture of himself?
Deluded
Which one of you did this?
Can I have the palm beach report????
Scam or not, you'd be one hell of a retarded bad investor if you buy into something that is x20 WITHIN FUCKING DAYS and has nothing to offer except a few linked in accounts.
Come one, how can one be so fucking stupid anyway.
This is so stupid, it physically hurts.>muh low market capOh boy, I did endless arguing, but nobody wanted to listen among the shill hordes.
Alright I'm done accumulating this dump in the 4500-5000's so I'll put you in the know......After Bitcoin stabilizes at 8300, ARN will be pushed up heavily to the 7000's by Korean PnD group.
Got this information from a mod.
Don't believe me, screenkap diz.
It will be a multi day Pump than a dump on the 4biz plebs heads so buy now before the real shilling starts.
Over n out -