Thread title says it all.
My brother is big in his line of work and travels a lot, and I'm an amateur videographer and think I could take on the challenge, so I proposed the idea of starting a youtube channel with him documenting his travels around the world.
He has ~20k instagram followers and growing, and a bunch of connections and avenues for promoting.
He really liked the idea and pitched it to his sponsor and they like it too.
They want us to do a write up proposal of sorts on it, so I'm planning on doing that soon.
I'm super excited and I didn't imagine having this possibly sponsored.How much money should we ask for to be budgeted?
I have camera gear but would like more but I don't know what to ask for.
If we can get more money we can do more traveling obviously, and make more content.
This company is also one of the biggest in the niche, multimillions.
So again, what's reasonable to ask, and what will they likely want?
bump, this is real /biz/ material.
Youtube seems pretty fucked right now so you need to understand the climate and be sure you want to jump in.
The content better be completely family-friendly or you'll make no money.
What kind of travel content are you trying to make?
Better be engaging because YT creators are seem to be catering to the ADHD generation more and more.
High frequency of cuts, clickbait everywhere.
You can't pause for a second or risk losing watch time
I know about youtube and being clickbaity, I've been watching some travel vloggers to get a feel for what works and what doesn't.
My brother is a high charisma guy, people gravitate towards him.
Me, not so much.
thats why I'm behind the scenes doing the real work.
He'd be great and entertaining for plebs to follow.If the video sponsors put us out there, along with his instagram followers and his friends in the industry I think we can hit 1k followers easily, and 10k relatively quickly compared to other people.
I see this as a long term project.
It'll be a chance for my brother and I to have some adventures and get paid as well.
try to understand what's in it for them.
and not some bullshit wishy washy shit like brand awareness.
try to get a ball park figure of how your channel can contribute to their bottom line.
it can be difficult but you can make some assumptions.
once you figure it out you will have a general understanding of what to ask for.you can also ask other youtubers about how they structure their agreements.
some may share that information.
as long as you dont speak to direct competitors.
Sounds good.
Definitely going to be a process of recording a lot and then massive editing down to a 10 minute vid.
I haven't looked into too many channels that are popular today but Jake Paul might be good reference.
He's pretty good at retention tricks like teasing multiple things throughout the video and paying them off later