Im doneI lost 75% of my bitcoin trading over the last 6 months.
Because of this, I am taking my final 0.5 bitcoin and going all in on XMR and holding 1 year.
I always thought it would be a 1000 coin , so this is it.
Good bye biz
Good luck OP
How do you lose money in this bull run jfc
how did you fuck up?
How did you trade?
I didnt lose fiat cash you new ass brainlett ass faggotIf you know anything about trading (and not gambling) you know a winning streak for months can all be lost with a single mistake
When I was a newfag, I lost 30% of my initial on Holds like IconomiWhen I started daytrading, I was making tons of money, enough to live off ofThen I started margin trading and got it all liquidated.
never again
since i started i ended up losing and recovering the same ammount, it's the third time now
margin tradingAnon..I
Your actual mistake is you didn't set stop losses, or just have trade rules.
Unless you weren't actually a trader, but a FOMO pump-chasing fag who imagines to be some ebin day trader.
4528212Oh and shit, margin trading.Yep, you were definitely dreaming that you were a trader.
Don't give up!
BCH will save you!
The Weekend Dragon Slaying event will give you epic gains!!
started margin tradingyou deserved it
Don't listen to the bagholders itt.Go create an account on BitMex and make a shit ton of money.
It's not gambling if you only use 40x leverage.Good luck.
oh yeah i lost 30% of my money on margins during fork runsaid fuck it and went 70% xmr at $89not only got everything back but now i'm in profitlooks like i'm not cut out for trading so probably gonna hold it indefinitely
Why XMR?
Go 2x leverage on ETH and sell at $600.
Or just buy and hodl till Casper is released and make bank.
XMR is way over hyped for what it offers.
don't margin noob
I'M MARGIN TRADING XMR RIGHT NOW, SUCK IT FAGGOTS, WE'RE GOING TO THE MOON
lmfao stay salty you poor ass motherfucker.
i think i hit a nerve?
you just need to 400% your remainder capital to break even.
just be yourself.
>shilling XMR with another loser larping thread
margin trading on crypto?
you simply dont deserve any money