This fucks justed me like no other ICO in history.
They sold 11% of their token supply for 30 million dollars..
It was supposed to be 35 % but the greedy jews decided to not burn or redistribute unsold tokensThey have a 200,000,000 total supply and sold tokens at $1..
So they vauled their shit company at 200 million fuking dollars.
They have yet to be put on exchange and all they are releasing is some 2fa app.. 200 million for an app!
Whitepaper is full of cybersecurity jargon to get sheep like me to invest.. dun goofed hard.
There CEO is in Cayman Islands now "working" more like laundering 30 million in bitcoin.
Lost 5K morther fukers!
Great heist you fat fuk
A bull dike with rainbow hair that look 16.
Nasty looking and the manager Rivetz.
Can't believe I fell for this shit
Shoulda brought LINK
isnt the app coming out in dec?
good for a flip now.
really a fucking shit token.
I fell for the parity advisor meme.
Fuck
If you read that whitepaper and still bought I feel sorry for you.
Just technical jargon to cover the fact the actual idea had no business being blockchain and definitely not an ico
I entered their translation bounty and dude...
They purposely didn't form coherent sentences to make you feel stupid.
It looks like it's autogenerated.Joke is on them tho, I used Bing translate and dumped this garbage for 1000 usd
i bought a bit in ico.
but at least i bought constantly at 30cents and flipped it at 35 for a few days so i even made gains with this crap
Everyone that got fuked by this take 5 minutes and file an anon SEC complaint.
The CEO in the Caymans rubbing it in our faces makes me rage.
At least be disceet about stealing so much money.
Hopefully, the SEC will audit this mofo
how do you know he is in cayman islands?
and how do i sent if so?
https://www.crunchbase.com/person/steven-k-spragueLook at his facebook.
Guy is in the Caymans right after the conclusion of the ICO.
Doesn't matter an app doesn't make a company valued at 200m..
They gave ICO investors 11% of tokens... so they hold 89% of RVT and all the fooking ETH/BTC.. greedier than the rothchilds