What is ALIS?ALIS is a social media platform which provides our customers with reliable information from experts in no time.
We were inspired by STEEM (https://steem.io) and their billions of evaluations to create a media platform specialized for the Japanese market.
Our mission is to filter through the myriad of advertising and stealth marketing campaigns.
Our goal is to provide more reliable information than traditional media outlets.CEO Masahiro Yasu is a graduate from Kyoto University, the university with the highest number of Nobel Prize winner recipients in Japan.
He majored in nuclear fusion and analyzed alfven eigenmode raised in helical plasma by Fortran.Yasu is experienced in business development, including business strategy and system development of several products, such as business SNS and referral tool.
He also actively worked on machine learning and natural language analysis, and received the GROWTH FORUM Award which is the highest prize in Recruit.
Currently he also serves as a project leader of a joint project with Microsoft Japan.https://alismedia.jp/In my opinion ALI is way undervalued with a MC of 13 mil.
and I'm looking forward to invest in this project.
Now my question to you guys:Next week ALI will do a coin burn of 75% of the total supply.
Should I wait and invest after the burn because its already priced in or should I invest now.Thank you for reading and sorry for my english, its not my first language... not even my second lol
I'm askig myself right now the same damn question.
There should ne a dip after the burn but there will be some Big announcements + exchanges.
Hoping for a big Exchange...I guess in the ans ist doesn't matter, we're in this for the long haul.
Good luck to us my Friend!
Take a look at the MonaCoin chart and think of the possibilities once ALIS hits bigger exchanges including Japanese exchanges.Check out the daily updates from the team.
We got lucky, the ALIS ICO was underfunded because the COMSA ICO took all the attention away.
Now most tokens are being burnt.