When will the alt market recover?
Let’s be honest, it’s the same people just moving money around.
Many months ago it was new money coming in.Now the same people are trying to dive deeper into more shitcoins and flip when it hits Binance or bittrex.
Now with BTC rising alts get killed.
Alts keep getting killed.
What’s the point anymore?
It seems the market has shifted to now we expect a REAL update.
Spec only rules for a day or so now.
>market is redWaaah the world is over>Market is greenWaaah why won't it dip??
DELETE THIS
Look at $ value charts.
Crypto is doing fine and some crypto (xrp sys) will go crazy soon enough.
Just get yourself in crypto that will hit mainstream and you are golden.
You're bagholders for a technology with no usesNormies already have money which can be spent in the RL or online
Never.
Daddy Bitcoin is back from his vacation.
Next stop 10k.
Quality add to the discussion.I think there's something to be discussed here, honestly.
OP probably isn't far off the mark.
Until we start to see a lot of normie money flood the market I think we're just going to sit in alt stagnation.
bitcoin would have to go sideways for a few weeks in order for alts to start pumping againAnd as of right now bitcoin's future is far from stagnantalts boomed because the early adopters were looking for faster gains but now btc hit mainstream and you can expect normi money flowing in to the King, I'd like to be wrong but it may turn out that the best chance to sell alts was a few days ago
There was never an alt marketIt's super saturated and will continue to shit the bed until 90% of the hundreds and hundreds of shitcoins disappear
I think so man fuck.I miss those NEO or OMG huge gainers.
I feel like those days are done.
Now the same people looking for those gains, we gotta wait for those large market cap coins to ACTUALLY deliver something.
unfortunately thisthere is more shitcoins than investors and guess what are newcomers gonna say?>fuck that, I ain't gambling, I'll go with btc and wait till it hits 500k
today 10bil+ fresh money came in lol what you even talking about
Into BTC not shitcoins.
Maybe 3% of them go hmm what are these other coins and work their way down.
Then they’re just shuffling money around from coin to coin.
It’s all fucked.
WHY DIDNT I SELL OMG WHEN IT WAS $14 I fucking hate myself.
Its fucking Bitfinex pumping Bitcoin you retard.
10bil marketcap increase doesnt mean 10bil fresh money entered the market.