Do you fags even recognize most of the coins above LINK?
They're in even shittier exchanges.
I want to fucking pop a cap in rory and sergey's faces.
Im fucking out of this game until 2019, im still going to hold on to my LINK stack.
This market is retarded.
Link belongs there.
It's a shitcoin.
Just admit it.
You fell for the 4chan shills and now have some serious bags hahahaha
do you honestly believe Edgless and PayPie belong above LINK?
AXA, BNP Paribas, Sony, Santander, Swift, Barclays, World Economic Forum, Capgemini, Gartner, ... all fell for 4chan shills
Honestly?
Yes.
cant wait for link to fall off the first page
what does PayPie even do?
Lmao digibyte 2.0
Fuck that, OMG never belonged above Link.Link has a much broader use case, MUCH bigger actually confirmed associations, and is much further along with development.In fact, Link belongs above XRP even right now.XRP is basically a coupon system within a testnet; it's never going to be needed for ANY of Ripple's functionality.
pull it back m8, this thing shouldn't be near OMG until it actually releases something positive, if it ever reaches there at allI don't think it should be as low as it is but this market only likes things if they're bashed over the head with them
Digibyte was "bitcoin but betterer", and the biggest exposure it ever got was being one of many tech innovations to take part in some Citibank event.Chainlink on the other hand is the first real shot at mainstream smart contracts, and it was invited by Swift as the ONLY outside crypto dev to develop a proof of concept for them and showcase it at Sibos.There's simply no comparison.
Tell me anon, when did OMG ever release "something positive" other than the token, a bunch of rumors about second-tier partnerships, and that laughable roadmap a few weeks ago?
the skateboard pictureI'm dead serious, that thing built up positive hype and it's held onto itreally LINK and OMG shouldn't be compared since they're different things entirelynow if REQ is still way below OMG after it actually gets something on the testnet I'll probably be a bit miffed
Well, suck it.
I agree with those Chainlink autist devs being completely retarded.
See my comment: But "being out of the game" just means you lose many other opportunities.
Don't fucking marry your coins.
Hold them and also play with others.
First time I say anything about linkies:Maybe I'm missing something here but why did you guys thing something with 350 mill supply was ever going to work out?pic related
I don't want to rag on OMG too much, they've been very successful and I'm sure they'll deliver what they promised.But Chainlink's connections are many many many times more significant than OMG's, and the use case for CL is outright revolutionary.I dunno man, I was always in this for the long haul.Like you said, there isn't a single piece of fud that has any substance; and until such fud appears I'm just going to hold.You're supposed to look at the market cap.
coin supply is importantOh boy.
Just reading this makes my brain cells want to commit suicide.
a literal cuckcoin is abovehodl my SIDE coin pls
you realize people who got airdropped ripple for free made 5 figures right?
You all have Stockholm Syndrome and this bubble of confirmation bias is loosing you money.The sad part is, if any of you used a stop loss, or cashed out when in the green, you could buy back in with more or catch the pump when it goes up.Instead you held, you got dumped on now everyone else will profit more when it rises buying in so low.
The most hardcore LINK fans will receive the least ROI.
Poetry.
Deluded as fuck...
Yeah, well.
The team is legitimately FUDing themselves.
I am just in horror of seeing my capital dead and bound for literally months and years without moving when I could have just chosen a later entry point.
Deluded as fuck...1) use case: mainstream smart contracts2) fundamentals: see white paper3) exposure: AXA, BNP Paribas, Sony, Santander, Swift, Barclays, World Economic Forum, Capgemini, Gartner, ...Literally one of the top 3 biggest projects in all of crypto rn.They just did their ICO two months ago.
That money always implied they needed to do a bunch more work.If they had raised $ 32 million and dropped their finished product only a few weeks after, I'd be the first to yell scam.
Both the same meaning they got tainted by a toxic community of literal autistic assburgers
m8 we know of suspected partnershipsI hold LINK too but you sound like some zealot that is trying to convince himself buying LINK wasn't a bad idea
Chainlink has been posted on /biz/ relentlessly for like 2 months now, these dumb bagholders are completely indoctrinated with this horseshit token.
They won't let go until it collapses no matter what you say, it's the same with BTC faggots.
suspected partnershipsHow about actually confirmed collaborations?Swift, Sony, BNP Paribas, AXA, Barclays, Santander, Fidelity, Société Générale were/are all DIRECTLY involved with Chainlink.This is a very simple and provable fact.
crickets after this postDon't tell me this was news to you people.If OMG announced tomorrow that BNP Paribas was going to test out its product, it would shoot right to a 1.5 billion market cap and you all know it.Yet here we have Link, with a whole list of major banks, and Swift (implying 11k banks), and it's floundering at 50-60 million market cap.What more argument do you need to prove that it's the market that's being stupid for the time being, and not the project?
4503875who cares dude?just keep quiet and accumulate as long as the price is so low so you can retire next year.
I think the market is not even really aware of Chainlinks existence yet.
But it will also get harder when this goes sub top100 marketcap.
LINK is going to be worth less than KINwhat a sad world we live in
idkek i feel the same.
id>kek i feel the same.Why H8?
Just buy some cheap ass LINK and get ready for the riches, bitches.
À LA SOCIETÉ GENERALE
din't talk shit about my fidgetspinner
real-time, peer-to-peer value exchange and payment serviceWow OMG is so revolutionary.
This has never been done before
Coin supply mattersIt's made up you retardThat's like saying that the value of mBTC isn't gonna go up because there are 16 billion in circulation
Never buy a coin that has anything to do with banking in crypto,examples: Bancor, Chainlinkand Ripple is price locked
Because coin supply makes no difference.
High coin supply means you can afford to buy more.
Low coin supply means you can afford to buy less.
All that matters at the end of the day is the % your initial investment has increased.
Chain Link has nothing to do with banking you idiot.
It has everything to do with Smart Contracts.
Banks are only one of the sectors that are interested in Smart Contracts.
i work for capgemini and didnt know this lol.
buying more links now
https://www.capgemini.com/consulting/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/07/smart-contracts.pdfGoogle "smartcontract.com" or "Sergey Nazarov".Don't think they used the name "Chainlink" yet at that time.
Exchanges are not a problem, raiden is only on binance and mooning every single day.
thanks, i will also search these terms on our intranet and see if there's any internal info on the partnership
Nice.When?
Tomorrow?I actually found out about Capgemini by searching on Belgian websites.
maybe in a few hours today.
I'm in USA so tomorrow is thanksgiving and all that
Doooo itttt
You might not find much outside of some research they did for that specific report, but you never know.
4506544 will keep u posted
Ripple was .18 USD last month and now it's .23
It's a decentralized, peer-to-peer and mineable way to pay for pie.
t b h mate i'd run away from anything société générale associates itself with
cool
bumb
Dude.
Welcome to cripto.same as stratis.