Starting a weed farm in California.
What expertise does /biz/ have?
HOW MANY POTCOINS FOR AN OUNCE?
careful anon, once I got a 30 days long ban for just mentioning something illegal here, nothing specific, fucking autistic mods
check out mtl
I hope you already have experience growing
I hope you already have a market because everybody and there mom is already growing and selling
it's a legit business in some parts like cali.
Very hard.
Extremely labor intensive work and the competition is SKY HIGH.
I say high competition because you're actually competing with burned out dumbass kids that grow SHIT weed and sell for pennies.
Even if you grow quality you will need to sell very low and even at that you'll need to make some solid connections with dispensaries.
It's not easy.
If you can separate yourself from the dime a dozen junk-ass weed farms then you may have a chance.Efficiency is key: Water usage (drip irrigation), Nutrient usage (no-till, production of quality compost, beneficial organisms, the basics to a healthy soil system), and strains (some prefer to grow tall and lanky and others short and bushy).
TIME---- you are not going to drop down on your farm and SUDDENLY start selling weed.
picking strains right for your area (indoors/outdoors?
climate?
flowering period and yeild), growing and picking a specific Phenotype that you're happy with (because FUCK off if you use clones by some faggot that give you powdery mildew or worse spider mites).
Growing the plants out --- cloning them for the next round and perpetuation---- getting flowering locked down---- harvesting and eventually the most important part Curing.Weed is like wine so if you don't take the time it'll come out SHIT.
Best of luck if you do it.
Love the plant hate the industry
You need a license to grow.
I don't even think they have a price yet.
inches in yo mama, hahah oh got eem
I fucking hate you all.
You’re all a bunch of useless, autistic weaboo cunts.
All you do all day is masturbate your fucking short dick, watch shitty Japanese cartoons and post nonsense on this stupid god damned board.
What is this board even for?
Have you seen the shit these retards post here?
Its all post humor hipster nonsense.
Why can’t you just laugh at shit normal people find funny?
Why do you feel the need to be so fucking different and unique that you have to come to this stupid fucking website for your kicks?
Is it because you didn’t have any friends in school?
Is that it?
You can’t just go on Facebook and Instagram and look at your dumb memes like everyone else, oh no, that would make you a “normie.” So instead you come here of all places, to unload your unfunny trash onto the internet and circle jerk your dumb buddies cocks off.
You make me sick.
Reply this post or your mother will die in her sleep tonight.
They're going start imposing regulations soon.
It'll be unprofitable for small growers.
good luck trying to produce pathogen free weed without extensive experience
Wtv
It's too strong OP.Make some delicious tasting bud that has low THC count, it will moontwitter.com/lambolydia