Shitcoin
t. brainlet
Please explain why this is worth anything
Trading electricity is the future man.It's even better than trading cyrpto and will be more fun.
have you ever had so much extra electricity and wonder "fuck what do i do with this electricy i wornter if i can sell it'?
this coin solvs that problmem
Literally no alt is worth buying until BTC stops rising.
I'm saying this as someone who is down more than 160k since October.
I traded up my account until I felt comfy af and decided to hold...Big fucking mistake
losing money in a bull market Are you like retarded or something
yesh yesh, buy my shit coin stupid round eye.
selling electricity was never an issue tho.
Solar homes do it all the time back to the electric company
I started with 20k in October last year and currently have close to 600k.
The markets have changed dramatically and losing money in alts is very easy
Why lie on a anime forum tho
what if selling lecticity was dectralized and on the blockchain?
you could sell electricity to your mother for a much better proce sir.
dont your want to make mother mappy?
lolFuck Teeka, we waste money trying to anticipate his moves for a stupid pump and the risk of getting dumped over.I won't chase anymore Pajeet Bullshit Crap picks anymore.
He works for rich normies that hold coins for years patiently waiting their eggs to hatch.We're poor retards the risk of waste money is higher than a 20-30% gain.
gets put back on the grid, get a discount on your bill.if i had surplus electricity, I would invest more in my mining rig
There doesn't need to be a another token to trade electricity.
This bring nothing new to the table.
Dude, teekas actual picks all end up with 1000%+ gains if you are patient enough to hold
I agree, but for example right now I could buy ZEN a month later at the same price of his second buy call.I mean, we wait a leak of the PBC so we can try to double our money in few hours, but as you can see, just buy the wrong shilled coin at the wrong time and you half your stack instead of increasing it.You can get a 500%+ gain even if you but a few weeks later when it dips if you're interested in holding it for months/years.
teek-ass worshipper