Is it smart to invest in BCH right now?
lol yes.
Also if you have to ask you are probably new.Word of advice kiddo./biz/ is always wrong.
No idea, but I bought back in anyway.
If someone is holding BCH they will say yesIf someone is holding BTC they will say no
I would not.
Expecting it to start dumping soon, today or tomorrow.
Buy BTC.
If someone is holding BTCIf someone is holding BTC they are probably stuck unconfirmed and they're a bit fucked.
How many of them *WANT* to be in BCH right now but they're getting fucked over by the technical limitations of BTC?
Same
Depends, do you want to 4x your money?
If so, yeah.
People are dumping their BTC and buying BCH.
Tomorrow miners will dump their BTC they get from confirming transactions.
Is it smart to buy bitcoin at $1400?
Of course.
hell yes
They fell for the wallet meme
is litereally what btc is about to do lmao.
buy bch
This.AND ABSOLUTELY THIS.This is what i did.The truth is: you wont find the truth on biz.
99% of all people are shills who want to drive Lambo and buy castles.
Good luck finding the 1% of people who actually know whats going on.
Good guide, that is the /biz/ way indeed!
***OFFICIAL*** BIZ ADVICE: BUY BITCOIN CORE
Not touching that shit, although I do have some still locked up in CB from the fork.
https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite/status/929657935868788737even if youre just meming fucking stop before people start to believe this shit and ruin crypto as a whole
If someone is holding BTC they are probably stuck unconfirmed and they're a bit fucked.You underestimate how many people leave coins on the exchanges that don't need to be moved
Doing anything based on rash decisions right now isn't particularly smart.
Go all in.
Get REKT.
Pls.
this is backwards someone should fix it
If it makes you feel any better.
I haven't made a bad trade yet.
wallet memeThe wallet meme is Satoshi's dream, and it lives on in Bitcoin Cash.BTC is now only good for rich bankers who want to set up a regulated, CIA-controlled Lightning Network.
Just avoid the drama and put everything into monero instead
Just give it time.
I'm already 18% up again so I'm not too worried.
depends if u wanna be rich or not
btc is CIA >bch is Chinks.....decisions decisions
yup.And if someone says no, really question their reasons.
There are paid core shills patrolling these forms.
They'll have like six bullet points they parrot.
Point out the weakness or insignificance of the arguments they make and they won't respond or answer adequately.Question the supposed Bitcoin Cash shills too.
You'll find you get better, more convincing answers.
You did, you just don’t know it yet
If Chink-Jews want to break the coin BCH, they would have to carry out a technical attack which requires collusion among like 51% of miners.The CIA-Jews will control BTC by keeping transaction fees high, forcing you to stop using a wallet and thus keep all your money in a trackable location like an exchange or fast payment network.The latter is just retarded --- it takes away all the special parts of cryptocurrency and turns it into just another fiat type.
Only if you want to be a bagholder, OP.The ones giving you advice to get into BCH have bought at 0.40 yesterday and are desperate to dump their bags.Will you help them?
Lost 2.5 BCH today because BIZ told me it was going to crashbetter buy before they tell you not to.
kekmore like these