How much do you guys carry in your checking account?
I've got $20k sitting there earning nothing and I just feel silly about it.
My retirement fund is on track.
What should I do with it?
The bank offered me a savings account with 3.75% interest.
Should I just put it there?
If you believe the BLS CPI calculations sure.
Put it in REQ you bozo
How much do you guys carry in your checking account?
I've got $20k sitting there earning nothing and I just feel silly about it.
My retirement fund is on track.
What should I do with it?
The bank offered me a savings account with 3.75% interest.
Should I just put it there?You should get some medication for your OCD.
What are all these acronyms?
you could buy some silver coins/bars instead of holding fiatif emergency you can easily liquidate at just below spot price at a local coin dealer
>"fuk u racists im a rich black man!!!
">walmart staff is mostly blackreally jogs the nogging mr nignogPutting your $20k in your savings account is a good idea if you can seamlessly transfer money back to checking.
3.75% interest is a great rate on 100% safe money, over here in francistan of yuropoor banks offer 1% max.You could also keep 10k as an emergency fund and invest the other half in ETH or Byteball, but that's only if you want to be a millionaire by 2020.
They're drug references.Why do you think we buy so much Bitcoin lmao.
What's a good place to buy Eth from?
Everyone seems to be crying about Coinbase right now.
what's the catch for 3.75%?
that's not bad at all.
my checking account is around 2%.
I usually have between $10k and $20k, but my balance closer to $30k now for a house down payment.
Catch is I have to give them at least $10k.
I'd probably be okay with that if the penalty for being below wasn't bad (e.g.
no interest until balance is back above $10k).
but my balance has never dipped below $10k after I got it up there.
Yes I like the feeling of having the money instead of having things.
It's probably why I've hesitated to invest it.
Buy amd stock
fwiw, I have quite a lot more invested in retirement and non-retirement accounts (in stock and bond index funds).
cash + bonds is under 20% of my net worth.
anything beyond 6-12 months of expenses should be invested instead of in cash imo, but 3.75% is pretty close to what bonds might be good for.
i do this too but im whiteshove shit in my pockets, start eating/drinking in the store, then casually pay