DO NOT BUY ALTS YET, money will flow to bitcoin and your little shitty alts will drop relative to BTC.
Just to let you know.
You base this on fuck all because you're a noob holding btc not realizing why it got inflated in the first place over last few months.
Mmm I hold some alts, bought some during their dip, they will bleed more below my buy orders.
Another weeb/anime poster giving crypto advice.
You're obviously a brainlet following shill advice.
That's why you think that btc is the best option to hold right now when it's actually alts until this btc vs bch autistic screeching drama unfolds.
Stop making threads and become by boi toi cum slut already.
We haven’t had any alt market in almost a month.There will be big profits and rebounds when all this drama dies off and people go back to their favourite alt positions, I’ve already bought today and sitting comfy waiting for the next may/June like alt bull run with all this new money flooded into btc from the latest pump and fork drama
You will regret this, bitcoin will rise again, and alts will go down more
no, its going to BCC, btc is dead, i have an unconfirmed transaction from 3 days ago
Dear lord you are all stupid
 What the fuck do you think is keeping BTC propper at 6-K?
Alts bledmMASSIVELY for 6 weeks.
Anyone who wanted out of alts got out alts.
same.
Sensei I told them but they won't listen to me like usual, I always wanted to help them but they just refuse to follow my advice, they keep losing and losing, they will suffer but I already told them so I won't feel bad now.
Yeah I bought my alts at prices we haven’t seen in 5 months and some newer alts just barely above or below ICOIf you really think this is all new money that pumped btc you are deluded as hell I would bet as much as 90% was purely bled directly out of alts
Its in bitcoin cash and now is surging back to bitcoin, and once bitcoin price rises, people will sell their alts and go to bitcoin.
I've played this market very well and I know how to make opportunities off this.
Alts haven't hit their floor and will back down to where they where last week.My job here is done, bai bai~
If you’re still holding bch then you’re definitely not playing this market very well dude..
I sold at .39 and now I’m all alts at these discount prices
What about ETH?
Safe?
It will come back down to $300, all altcoins will drop and btc will rise.