hello /biz/long story short i am a lazy fucking retard without any real skills, interests, or ambition, but i just came into about 200k.
currently taking classes at a cc without any real idea of what i want to do with my lifewhat the fuck do i do with this money?
500 Fleshlights
All in Monero.
Thank me later.
buy 1 million link
Invest in your education, since your time is currently cheap (you don't have any real marketable skills to impose a high opportunity cost)
If you truly have no idea I would suggest traveling to grow emotionally and turn into an adult.
How old are you?
though i am pretty emotionally and socially stunted because my entire life has been behind a monitor like many on this website
put it somewhere safe where you can't hurt yourself until you unfuck your financial literacy
literally all in bitcoin.
youll have ~277k worth of bitcoin by end of year
give it to me.
literally give all of your money to me
buy bitcoin and send it to me.
send it to this address:1AC4jbEF5FrS9Y3faCeViodr1EZurnxbwngive me your money.
.
find a place where you can put a huge portion of it to grow over time (a bond or some shit)2.
Keep doing what you've been doing
get a pilots license and start a business using it.
cc is a waste of time and money, find something you like to do.
Store it all for retirement.
With 200k in a diversified equity index that tracks the market, over 40 years it will grow to about 2 million after tax and fees.
This will free up your current income to use as you please, since your retirement will be covered.
This Is what I was going to say.
30% Bitcoin10% Bitcoin Cash30% Ethereum10% Link10% Monero5% NEO5% SaltSeriously you'll just end up making bank over 10 years and won't have to work at the end of it all.
You cover all your bases and just hitch a ride on every leading tech, roughly proportional to risk.
over 40 years it will grow to about 2 millionIn crypto it will do that in about 5 you total faggot, what the fuck do you think this place is?/r/investing?
"..b-b-b-but Warren Buffet says..." just go and live in a retirement home already
Boomer confirmed.