Anyone holding IOTA?
MOOning soon
yeeeeeeeeeeeea we gonna be rich soon
yes i have 5MIOTAIm ready for lamboland
GIOTA Club Member reporting in
4416305>bump own threadshill confirmed
Friendly reminder:The IOTA foundation are holding onto 351ti ($269 million USD) of user's accounts, and have been since October.This address: https://thetangle.org/address/FFUIAREGAAAHNTPJRGRFCNCNOTKTKPWJEGUDWQHZVVO9MTAXZIDMXBMWJXTLUBHNFNKYCCTQUXOUYFKX9They said they were going to return user funds last Monday but failed to start dispersing funds.
We may never get our money back.They've been heavily censoring discussion about this on their subreddit.
Is anyone not holding IOTA is a better question
GIOTA Club here too.
EOY targets, lads?
mid $1's EOY$18 in 2020
Pure unsubstantiated speculation.
only $18 2020nice try linkie
Shut the fuck up.
He asked for estimates.We've already been at $1 months ago, we'll be back there again soon.The $18 number comes from multiple YouTube videos that extrapolated its value based on future IoT markets.
Depending on what announcements we receive from the Foundation, my conservative guess would be around $1.00 per MIOTA by end of year... $2.00 per MIOTA would not be a stretch either.
Reminder that IOTA is centralized but is being marketed as a cryptocurrency which it is not.
IOTA is a FRAUD like bitcomnect.
t. Brainlet
It's uses cryptography and is being traded as a "currency" therefore it is a cryptocurrency by default.Where exactly is the centralization?
when you can count the number of neurons in a posters skull
Not to defend that brainlet, but there *is* currently a "coordinator node" that verifies transactions.Once volume gets high enough, the foundation said they plan on turning the COO off.
Get out of Iota, BCPT is where its at for the next few weeks
Fuck off shill
Can someone please answer this.
I had the 0 balance issue.
My address was on the snapshot so i ran the 2 step retrieval process in the wallet.
Balance is still 0 on the new seed.
Have I done everything right and it is just a matter of waiting for them to return the funds?
Or should the funds already be returned?
Waiting 2 days.
In the current UI wallet you need to mash that reattach button boi
Same boat anon.
You'll be fine, assuming the foundation doesn't fuck us all over.There are literally thousands of people with the same issue, waiting for their money back.They censor + downvote discussion about this on /r/iotaAll you can do is wait.
Ok thanks.
There is not a clear answer on it.
Can't buy IOTA because it isnt on buttrex and other exchanges (bitfinex) banned in my state
It’s probably a resourcing thing, someone needs to go through that pile and make sure it’s re-allocated correctly1.
It either can’t be automated, so they’ll have to hire scrubs to do it2.
Can be automated but no one within current team has time for it2 is very much likely, so it’s jist a matter of waiting
coordinator nodeCool, thanks.
Genuinely didn't know.
Yeah, I've been trying to give them the benefit of the doubt on this, but it's hard when they keep delaying when they'll return everyone's money.They've been stringing everyone along for a month now, every week saying "next week".
Binance bruh
Holding at least till New years.
If it wont be at least a dollar im out.Giota club member aswell btw if it matters.
Binance
I think the whole IOTA team is against the wall in terms of workload my man Just be patient, when they start hiring new programmers, which they can now with the foundation being set up, they’ll have time to addresss the lost iotas
short term hold on completely ground breaking techwhy not just pull out now and forget crypto exists?
Contrary to all other alts, this team has created their own coin, by adding value to blockchain tech (tangle)Wait till 20th-22nd once China gets to trade it freely, they will have investors