Why can't you autists keep your mouths shut?We could of made money, yet all you faggots do is spam PBC picks on this board days before the actual release
criminals>doing the exact same shit hes doingThe projection from this pajeet is palpable
Trying hard to give a fuck here but its just not happening
could of
It was SLR
so he isn't going to talk about renewable energy now?
Fake
Fake if Gay.
why doesn't this guy just use a smart contract to prevent leaks from happening.
He's going to pump DNT on Nov 20 and if you're lucky you'll get in now.
He'll call it a 40,000% gainer (hyperbole and ridiculous but it'll gain just from being mentioned by him)
And how would you know that?
This is really fake lmao.I can't believe anyone would fall for this.Y'all gona get fuked when the Q&A today explains this shit.
And guess what?
I aint gonna tell you guys.
And guess what?
I aint gonna tell you guys.Dont be a pussy.
Just buy it and then tell us, what you dont like money?
>tfw criminal
I want to help others, but I feel like this is the wrong way of doing it.
I'll probably post something in 6-7 hours tho.
Just wish people would stop listening to false claims.
PBC has become a literal meme at this point on /biz/.Look for my name the next time I post.
LMFAO fake as shit.
nice trying to buy in cheap before the big pump.
pajeet faggot
This is fake.
How do I know you ask?
My boi from discord group made it.
Enjoy selling low nabs.
Btw, it is SLR.I was saying about ZEN last time, and only few believed me.
Implying nazis did something wrong
I’m a PBC member, this isn’t real now, and it wasn’t real when these pajeets posted it last night
Fcking fags it was posted on Twitter yesterday and was deleted 20 min after fcking cunts
of course they didn't, it's just a nice pepe to shitpost
What the fuck is this new exciting coin?
Faggot, that DNT letter was well-written but it had its facts wrong.
It was fake.OP's image doesn't even capture teeka's narcissist infomercial writing style very well.
It's fake AND gay.
of course it's Chainlink
why the fuck do people pay him this is just and enhanced P&D schemeofc the coin is gonna spike when hundreds of faggots buy at the same timesome one gat this egghead already lmao
He calls long holds and leaves lots of room to buy in Coins never ever pumped from him mentioning them until filthy ass pajeets started using "this is the next palm Beach pick!"
To pnd their assorted shit coins
Complete 180 power move.
Leaks fake leaks for some random coin to throw people off the real money maker.
The funniest part of it is all the shilling for SolarCoin when in fact it's a total joke, a three year old fork of litecoinSome heavy bags hoping for another round of suckers