This is one of those tokens among a sea of shitcoins being shilled on here that has a platform released with applications already developed.
With over $1.7 billion dollars raised in ICOs this year, only a small fraction of companies have had a product in place at the time of their token sale.
By raising funds with no product this leaves no incentive for developers to deliver on their promises as you can see with the current altcoin market.
This is your chance to invest in a platform that currently exists and is going to make huge waves in the coming months.
So where is the great potential in this product?First, a little about the token:- 10 million market cap - 45 million circulating supply and 116 million total supply- Recent listing on Binance and Etherdelta- Recently announced a third fully-functional application coming to their platform- Product-use token rather than investment token (positive tax implications)The credit protocol platform built by BlockMason provides the infrastructure that underlies the future of credit among any currency on the blockchain.
It is a platform for anyone to build credit ideas on top of their open source protocol.
Since ICO they have grown their team to accelerate the roadmap with the following additions:- They have brought on a partner & lead strategist, lead technologist, web development lead, mobile app dev, lead operations & finance as well as an art director.
Along with these new additions, the team has welcomed the likes of Anthony Di Iorio, founder of Jaxx and co-founder of Ethereum, to advise the project going forwardYou can see all of that information in depth here:http://announcements.blockmason.io/blockmason-brings-on-new-team-strong-foundation/https://blockmason.io/
Additional information on the platform:They currently have two fully-functional products on their platform:- The first application, "Foundation Manager", is a compiler that forms a necessary component for any application that wishes to integrate multiple addresses into a single identity.
- The second application, "Friend in debt", is a simple and powerful application for creating and settling debts among friends.
This enables long-term debt tracking, digital credit histories, personal loans, community crowd funding, and much more.- The third application currently in the works, "Giftchain", is an application for minting gift cards and tracking customer loyalty on the blockchain.
This allows for individualized gift cards and customer loyalty rewards programs.Future applications to be developed on their current protocol include:- consumer loan programs - university meal or payment plansGiven the information above, I can't see the product staying under the radar much longer.
Since the competition on Binance and the surge of bitcoin, the price has been suppressed which makes for a great entry point.
For anyone skeptical, I would invest when the competition is over as it will see the price soar.
this has a better roadmap than ripio credit network which is already trading at 47m... might just sell my rcn stack for this
So where and how do I buy tokens?
They are currently trading on Binance and Etherdelta at quite a steep discount right now
HELLL NOOO BROTHER HELLL NOOOHELLL NORCN is suffering because the Devs are not shilling their master piece yetjust give it some time broyou'll reap the fruits of your labor very soonRCN is way more important than BCPT (also a good project)RCN has major VC backers and their network is extremely important in latin america.
My current RCN position is -25% but i'm not selling.
i'm going to buy more when i can.
load up bro this is what OMG will be.
it's just too bad the the civil war between BTC and BCH is killing the alt market
I sold my stack in RCN because i was in the same position down around -25% and I saw this token on here at 1/5th the marketcap with similar potential.. just trying to recover my losses in this terrible alt market
I haven't done as much research into RCN as I have with BCPT but I will definitely take a look to diversify my holdings a little bit.
Hoping this alt market turns around in the next few weeks with news from up and coming projects
What else on binance can i diversify in /biz/
Enjin looks to be sitting at a good price right now, doing my research into that coin tonight
any other coins already holding enjin.. what is the foundation manager even good for trying to read up on it
to my understanding it is a tool for other users to use on the platform when creating their own applications
they're quite different projects broone is global P2P lending (consumer credit) and they figured out how to make sure both parties liquidate into their local CCY (that's YUGGE).
they use a third party co-signer which is the localizing factor in the formula (for compliance and legal stuff).
the co-signer is way for lenders to mitigate credit risk/default risk from borrowers.
ofcourse i could be wrong but their roadmap ends in April 2018 so that's quite the accomplishment
what is the RCN token used for in that platform, still trying to understand after doing a bit of research
it's being used as a bridge currency without it lending over the platform won't be possible.
yeah that sounds similar to BCPT which uses the token to create transactions or contracts between any coin or currency
this is definitely better than link with the hourly shilling
I almost invested in link at 10k, i pray every morning now to the crypto gods to continue with my good fortune