Is it basically cypher punks for BTC and crypto anarcho capitalists for BCH?
NoIt is goy getting enslaved by kike tricks.Don't let it happen anonyou see 3k to 4k BCHYou fucking sell and don't let those inbred degenerates take your coin.
um I don't follow?
How is core mutating bitcoin and forcing people off the blockchain to a platform where they profit not a jewish trick?
It's people who don't know what the fuck is going on and blockstream / core faction for btc, vs absolutely everyone else for bch.
this.
((blockstream))
Ding ding ding, it's rebuying time.
BCH dropping and BTC rising.
Well to be intellectually honest cypher punks/core want a decentralized, uncensorable, store of value.
Unfortunately for them no one else wants that if it comes with $10 fees.
Not really.
If that was the case they would be pro graphene.
Any onchain solution they throw to the gutter so there's no competition with LN.
vs absolutely everyone else for bchHi Jeweasy to spot you.Tell us kikewhy if (((everyone))) else is for BCH didn't SegwitX2 go through?Heck why if (((everyone))) else is for BCH isn't it worth more than BTC?Why even the need for operation Dragon Slayer at all?
t. AXA shareholder
Hey faggot.
I noticed you ignored my response, care to reply or are you just going to continue with your chinks are the new jew narritive?
cypher punks for BTC?
?Anyone who has an understanding of blockchains is siding with BCH.
(((Chinks))) are just one company who is payed by the kikes for use of their mining hardware.Kike - "Hey we will pay you 6 gorillian BTC if you jack up the hashrate for 12 hours right before the difficulty is set"Chink - "freee money?
OK."I mean fuck an A it was the japs the Koreans and yes the Chink exchanges that did not support BCH AND SegwitX2The whole thing is a LARPThere will be no flipping and (((they))) know itIt is only meant to squeeze the BCH/BCH ratio and for the kikes to accumulate BTC on the cheap.
BCH/BTC ratio
Anyone who has an understanding of blockchains is siding with BCH.you misspelled monero
the market has made its move.
your turn, bch.
you still wanted to play, dont you?
too bad, sit the fuck back down youre playing.
this shit is for keeps son you should have looked at what you were signing up for.
wait maybe some other time?
are you scared motherfucker well good you better be scared cuz I am just getting started.
The real fun is just beginning youre going to stay and find out yourself just how far down you can go.
rock fucking bottom, faggot.
maybe then ill show you some mercy.
Not true.
I want that if it comes with whatever fees.
But it doesn't, and the only reason anyone thinks otherwise is because they've fallen victim to a narrative heavily tailored through censorship and control.
Sorry, it's just a flat out lie, and it's being pushed for blockstream's bottom line and to force amlkyc lightning hubs and that's it.
BTC = JewsBCH = ChinksBoth are evil, but at least Chinks are just in it for money and not trying to enslave you.
Why didn't the operation that probably only existed to pull support away from bch and ended up (((cancelled))) by the exact cunts that thought it up not to through?
Yeah you really got me there shit for brains.As for bch butchering btc, you're about to see exactly that.
bullshitBTC - normie goyBCH - honest dudes made a coin to be faster the best way they know how then Segwit2X failed and so the kikes ran to BCH and co-opted it For dragon kike trick.
Amaury Séchet is Chinese?
He changed his name and did a face transplant or something?
More Jew liesThe segwit2X kikes ran right to BCH after they failed.
BTC>cipherpunkshahahhaha
Which is another way of saying when the people that supported the obvious short term scaling solution got (((blockstreamed))) they abandoned them forever and joined the obvious alternative and we are now seeing nakamoto consensus validated and core is about to be destroyed?
Yeah what a fucking disaster that is.
No wait, we're finally going to be rid of those toxic cunts... That's exactly what we want.
That's exactly what we want.What you are getting to get is you holding the BCH bags when your kike cousins dump it for BTC.
And what you'll get from your overzealous ignorance is nothing but worthless numbers on a frozen ledger that nobody will give you a damned thing for.
And you deserve it.
So please continue on your present path by all means.