If you remember Bitcoin history there were always major crashes with several years recovery previous years.
Basically these crashes provided these x10-x100 gains.Currently we have a first time even incident in history when USDT was compromised.We also have Confido developers which cashed out all of a sudden while if they wanted to run out with money they could have done it easily in several month with much more profit.We have Teeka report not being published anywhere and there are rumors that he asked his subscribers to slowly cash out their money before major crash.Not even speaking about Bitfinex being completely compromised.This is official Bitcoin major crash incoming thread.Stay comfy, this is going to be hell of a ride.
hmm
I am not even speaking about this whole hacker story because this is absolute nonsense.Not only it is almost impossible to hack these guys but announcment being done right now with all these rumors is quite a coincidence.Consider also that hack was done on 19th of November and announcment was done only today.Again rumors say that this was with cooperation with Teeka who sent urgent letter to cash out and asked Bitfinex to postpone the announcment.However so there won't be any leaks they have cooked up a story that "site is down" along with "no report this month due to leaks".This also never happened before.
4482038NSA thread
Now getting deeper into this.If you open Bitfinex coldwallet:https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/wallet/Bitfinex-coldwalletYou will see that it started to constantly cash out thousands of Bitcoin in recurring transactions which started to occur even more often since announcment today.
My personal suggestion - CASH THE FUCK OUT.What do you risk with?Bitcoin getting to 10000 USD?REALLY?
It is like 20 % gain since now.
Are you in crypto for 20 % gain?Or if you are into altcoin market, the whole market is getting drown for several weeks already.
If Bitcoin goes to 10000 altcoin market will crash even lower and you will buy back at the bottom.There is literally 0 downside or FOMO at this point.You either lose 25 % in Bitcoin or you buy back in alts when they are even lower or THE WHOLE FUCKEN MARKET CRASHES.Please do not react to payed shills here who say "THIS IS NSA".
This is coordinated distraction.Neo developers also cashed out their money that's why they have published first time announcment about "SOMETHING BIG" and then announced a conference.
They won't risk reputation if they won't new crash is incoming.
Now getting further into this.You heard rumors that Bitcoin is getting wide adoption soon right?That it is going to be officialy traded on major legit stock exchanges.So, here is the deal.
USDT ---> IS THE FUCKEN PROBLEM.USDT is the middle man between real cash and Bitcoin, it is THE PROBLEM which prevents legalization of Bitcoin due to USDT nature.In order for mass world adoption of Bitcoin USDT SHOULD EXTINCT and then it will be legalized and traded in direct fiat pairings.Bitfinex is doing this not intentionally, they are FORCED TO DO THIS.Please stop paying attention TO NSA SHILLS or simple retards on this BOARD.THERE IS LITERALLY, I REPEAT, NO DOWNSIDE AT CASH OUT RIGHT NOW.WORST CASE SCENARIO - 25 % LOSS of Bitcoin going to 10000, this is FUCKEN NOTHING IN CRYPTO.
Most of you were sitting in much lower positions.
Now getting even further.
They plan to distract everyone with BITCOIN GOLD being introduced today COINCIDENTALLY again with 2 days delay of USDT official compromisation.They want to distract you, while they keep cashing out thousands of Bitcoin.
They have cashed out 200 million dollars only today already of real fucken money and not numbers on the screen.
Please check your time and read into what I wrote.
Bitcoin is far more worldwide spread than US but these idiots keep saying NSA thread like US is the only country which exists in the world.
If you keep being ignorant you will end up fucked up.
Cash out is happening through Bitcoin GOLD already.
This shit is beyond weird right now
you're really stupid
people are pumping bitcoin gold in bittrex, that is why the price of bitcoin is down compared to other exchanges
Well now, sorry for me being stupid, this is only Bittrex...WELL, WHY WONT YOU FUCKEN THEN GO AND BUY BITCOIN at 5000 USD RIGHT NOW AND SELL FOR 8000 EH?
HERE IS THE OPPORTUNITY MATE
BTX will triple YASSS
FUCK OFF NSA!!!!!
4482505Look how easy it is.
Just go and buy BTG for USD and then transfer BTG to BTC, AND THEN SELL BTC FOR USD.
HERE YOU GO YOUR 30 %.
WHY WONT YOU FUCKEN DO IT?
cherry-picked exchanges with low volume as material for the argumentstypical FUDer that has cashed out and try not to be burned because price is going up again
I know why you won't do it.
BECAUSE LITERALLY EVERY MINUTE MATTERS RIGHT NOW.
This is too risky right now mate eh?
Why won't you avoid easy 30 %?
million dollar volume.
Are you retarded or what?I already wrote that worst case scenario is Bitcoin going to 10000 and it is like ~20 % from now.
Are you even serious?
20 % is a missed train when coins do 10000 % on a regular basis.
How do you like this one mate?WELL KNOWN BITMEX ECHANGE RIGHT?NOTHING UNUSUAL IS HAPPENING.IT IS BITMEX.
THE BEST EXCHANGE OUT THERE.1.6 FUCKEN BILLION DOLLAR VOLUME CASH OUT IS ALL RIGHT MATE.THIS IS ALL FINE.
ABSOLUTELY NORMAL.BEING EXCLUDED with 1.6 BILLION DOLLAR VOLUME CASH OUT TO USD ISABSOLUTELYFUCKEN NORMAL.
Okay.
Now seriously.
What is this shit?
nigger their fee is literally 0% if you are a maker, that's why those exchanges get excluses from volume.. tether fudders are THIS intelligent
4482624fuck off NSA
Also look at JPY pair with 500 MILLION DOLLAR VOLUME.Nothing unusual, it's just Japanese SUDDENLY cash out on A WELL KNOWN Coincheck exchange.Nothing unusual with these volumes.. get going
dude you can create 100k volume with 1k on bitmex
hurrr because there's literally a rebate for making trades on bitmex you fucking brainlet nocoiner
Normal volumes.
Just fuck off newcoiner.
4482410CMC is clearly in on the scam and are falsifying these numbers WE MUst GeT OUt
how dafuq did Mexico have such a large bitcoin exchange?
mexican cartels must be taking all their human and drug trafficking money outta btc oh shit game over
44823824482149FUD
For what?
Do I want to BUY IN at 6000 which is AGAIN 25 % difference?Seriously?
fucked a mexikan chick last week, don't know if it's related
USDT is A middleman, not THE middleman.
Even if your tinfoil shit turns out to be true, BTC will take a hit, sure, but nothing serious, now kys.
he thinks bitcoin is stopping at 10k
If I only have alts should I cash out?
Or are they gonna be fine with btc crashing?
nice just sold 100% exited all markets will buy the crash.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
I'm pretty sure if faith in bitcoin falls, so will faith in many other coins.
As of Monday Bitfinex manually process all withdrawals with 20 hours + delay.https://www.reddit.com/r/bitfinex/comments/7egbb3/could_withdraw_on_tuesday_morning/As of today Withdrawalls are stuck and cannot even be cancelled any longer.https://www.reddit.com/r/bitfinex/comments/7egex0/bitcoin_withdrawal_processing/
but I made multiple withdraws of btc, eth and usdt today from bitfinexfuck off nsa
https://www.reddit.com/r/bitfinex/comments/7egbb3/could_withdraw_on_tuesday_morning/He says withdrawals took a couple hours.
Not 20+ hours...Pretty average considering how congested the mempool is gettingIs this really all you fucking got dude?
Seriously?
>OP: "I've cashed out now, so how can I tell people to cash out also, so I can buy back in at the lower price.
Ahh, let's make a FUD campaign"
USDT is the middle man between real cash and Bitcoin
What if USDT is an engineered Bitcoin crash to get (((them))) better positioned for when crypto takes over?Bitfinex would be absolved of its sins in exchange for manufacturing the crash
I remember you faggots from before the China crash.
Not falling for this again.
usdt, middlemanLink will save us all.
I love threads like this.
I don't necessarily agree with OP, but I like the real challenge to my current beliefs.
Unironically makes me think.But at present I think OP is just butthurt
I exited to FIAT at 8k USD Bitcoin, bought in at 2500.
Lost quite a fraction due to alts crash but still in profit.
I took safe bet.
I don't blame you for your decisions, that's sensible.
But you have a vested interest in being correct in this case.
Does anyone know how long it would take to cash out my USD wallet on Coinbase?
Are you Japanese?
Why do you talk with an extra line break?
Nah, I calculated my loss at max 25 %.As I said in case of growth Bitcoin will stabilise in 9-10k range for a long time and alts will go down with that rise.If nothing happens in next 2 wekks then I will just buy back in with max 10-20 % loss.
You're forgetting the actual downside..
Selling long term alt holds at a loss
Worst alt I've had was a 10 % loss.
I was in a long down hodl only once with BAT, not a single time after.
I fixated losses and never felt better.
No point.
I'm with ya OP.
Crash is coming.
I've been out of btc for days.
The thing people don't understand is how these shady bitfinex print USDT.-- They take money from people and then issue USDT.-- USDT used to bump Bitcoin price.-- They move and cash out Bitcoins elsewhere.-- REPEAT UNTIL ETERNITY.The fact is every dollar they get instantly cashed out elsewhere and every dollar people bring converts into USDT.USDT much backed by USD, we print only when we get USD... yeah...
Remember that Warren Buffer quote?Well, guess what, I have never seen so MUCH GREED in crypto for several years.Current level of greed is so high that it can't be justed.
Every dope knows about crypto and invests in it waiting for 100x return.You see several "Hey, I'm new, where to invest" threads every day.This is going to hit hard.
Bitcoin will be down until 2019.
Also, it seems that Bitfinex hired 50+ Pajeets for 1 USD to leave here "Nice try NSA" comments.Like, Bitcoin is only in US, like NSA wants to lower the price to buy back in or something.I feel like I am living MT.GOX again identically.
Tons of people saying "This is fine", "Sell now and regret tomorrow" were everywhere on forums.