Learn a thing or two about ethereum scam coinhttps://medium.com/@nextlevelcrypto/whats-the-story-with-smart-contracts-and-ethereum-c0d771fd9eb9Too many damn noobs in crypto.Eth is years behind others, 0 talented devs, 0 tech, 0 usecases, 0 support outside of eth community of liars and thieves.
ETH is a shitcoin compared to their own competition.
fucking lol
this is too funny
Ethereum Foundation's fucking Release CoordinatorEverything about ethereum is raw shit.
props to /r/ethereumfraud
rape is not enough
It's fine to say you missed the up
which are the largest dapps in eth?
something noteworthy?
not a shill just curious
Lmao this fud attempt by on pajeetSorry you missed the eth train at the beginning of the year
I don’t get it.
Ethereum is actually a pretty amazing project, with a massive network, many partnerships, a super active dev team (Casper is ahead of schedule), and Vitalik is pretty smart ngl.
What’s the issue?
If you’re trying to be contrarian, this is pretty retarded.
they r bitcoin maximalist
etherdelta, shapeshift, some of bittrex backend, ethvpn, nottar.io, ENS related services, 0x based exchanges, prediction meme markets, profit sharing funds/schemes/DAOs, gambling&lottery, and soon lending platforms.
also the laboratories of innovation for each niche one that can be targeted to where you can apply economic gamification.it will be interesting to see how they mature alongside the classic bitcoin game.
100% of altcoin devs (and bitcoin devs and all experts in crypto space) pretty much agree ethereum is unsecure centralized vaporware with 0 legitimate projects or people.
etherdelta is shit dex, it's worse than xcp dex's from 2013 or nxt dexshapeshift has prism this year, which is much worse version of bitshares cfd smart coinsethvpn is just copy of vpncoin and othersbittrex backend doesn't use eth, they just try to add some eth tokens because idiots trade them0x is outdated dex tech that's worse than xcp's and nxt dex's from 2013 or bts from 2014. it's slower, worse designed, zero reason to useDAO's were invented by bitshares in 2014, eth has no legitimate dao'sgambling lottery is far far bigger outside of eth, operatorless automated lotteries were done in eth smart contractsethereum has zero innovation and zero legitimate projects or developersif everyone in ethereum, onecoin, and isis was killed, world would be a better placeVitalik is quite literally one of the dumbest people in crypto and worst people ever: https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/760gmb/lead_developer_of_ethereum_raised_money_by/
This thread shows how retarded bitcoin maximalists are.Thanks for fudding yourselves.
Finally, some recognition for Komodo Platform!
*gambling lottery is far far bigger outside of eth, operatorless automated lotteries were done in BTC smart contractstypo.
meant btc smart contracts as the article in OP links100% of eth supporters are idiots who deserve to die
You forget the most important point though.
ETH is right below BTC on normiebase at 1/29 of the cost.That matters a lot.
Like a lot a lot.
I love how onecoin and ethereum supporters think only people who hate them are bitcoin maximalistsALL altcoin devs and communities consider ethereum and onecoin as scamsEthereum history of ONLY failures has nothing to do with Bitcoin or any legitimate altcoinEth = centralized trash like paypal/onecoin/wowgold https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/6bgvqv/faq_what_exactly_is_the_fraud_in_ethereum/Countless experts including NICK SZABO who fucking invented smart contracts HATE ethereum https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/6c0sfe/why_is_ethereum_rising_so_much_right_now/dhr91hc/ethereum entire ecosystem is just bought white papers with zero tech https://twitter.com/eiaine/status/931300989641961472ethereum has never innovated https://medium.com/@nextlevelcrypto/whats-the-story-with-smart-contracts-and-ethereum-c0d771fd9eb9
reminder that this is what spending all day on the internet & assuming markets are rational can do to youremember to get regular sleep and a healthy diet, do your kegels folks.
Bitcoin is very much like a religion or cult, so of course many maximalists will devote all of their time to try and discredit anything they perceive as a threat.
One look at Luke Dashjr's twitter will tell you all you need to know about these kinds of people
EtherDelta is best exchange.
KYC is nonexistent, lol.
Also keeps normies away from hot shit
Lmao more developers are on the ethereum project than bitcoin.
Whats the solution to bitcoins scalability if forks on bitcoin never work out.
What about virtually all altcoiners who actually understand blockchains that consider ethereum and onecoin projects as scams?
Because it's a fact and not debatable: https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/6bgvqv/faq_what_exactly_is_the_fraud_in_ethereum/lead dev of ethereum is one of the dumbest developers EVER https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/760gmb/lead_developer_of_ethereum_raised_money_by/
Did you just make up ethereum has more developers?Ethereum just has ethereum foundation's centralized asses developing for it.
Meanwhile bitcoin has by FAR the most developmentread the fucking article in OP that proves you wrongEth has virtually nobody working on layer 2Eth has virtually nobody working on sidechainseven comparing core teams, bitcoin's is hundreds of times larger https://www.coingecko.com/en?sort_by=developer_scoremisinformation is the only tool of ethereum scammersevery single ethereum supporter should be skinnned and burned alive until they are permitted to suicide
Kek this guy posts literally the same fud on leddit every single day and is routinely btfo by vitalik himself often, I've never seen anyone so butthurt in my life..Money skelly must have fucked his wife or mom
so far THIS GUY has been correct.
it's all facts and not debatable.
Vitalik literally has nothing to say because he's an idiot.
Nick Szabo considers him an idiot, all xmr devs consider vitalik an idiot, all iota devs consider vitalik an idiot, all ltc devs consider vitalik an idiot, all dash devs consider vitalik an idiot, all sia coni devs consider vitalik an idiot, all bts/steem/eos devs consider vitalik an idiot, all kmd devs consider vitalik an idiotthere are no ethereum supporters outside those who bought eth bags because by all facts, by all observation there are zero reasons to use centralized censored ethereum instead of thousands of decentralized cryptocurrencies
>routinely btfo by vitalik himself>Money skelly must have fucked his wife or mom>so far THIS GUY has been correct.
What's your take on Plasma then?
Does Joseph Poon lose all credibility for working on that?
Is he just in on the scam too?
Salt lolGet fucked lisker
Plasma is just work based on bitcoin's research on lightning, sidechain, and sharding concept.
it also stole childchain concept from ARDR without giving credit, but not giving credit is common in eth.
all eth tech is based on others tech without giving credit.
it helps their marketing, since real analysis only shows history of failure and zero intelligent design choices of their own.Poon's lightning design was using centralized hubs that has been thrown out.
He started crying like a little bitch because his design was denied due to centralization, and went to hang out with Vitalik who doesn't mind unsecure tech or scamming people.
Meanwhile hundreds of people are working on 5-10 lightning implementations on bitcoin that are far superior to poons idiotic proposal.
he is ok as dev, he's just butt hurt he's not treated like all powerful demi god.
so he made his scam coin called OMG , premined unsecure piece of shit like ethereum https://steemit.com/omisego/@eosfan/omise-omisego-omg-is-unsecure-and-centralized
oh by the way, casper is also shit and ripps of others proof of stake concepts like they fucking invented it.
they are years behind and their design is absolute garbage compared to state of the art proof of stakehttps://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/7djclm/casper_masternode_pos_variant_to_use_70_premined/
Glad others see the foundational problems with ETH.
I'm a big supporter of alternative smart contract platforms to ETH.
Hoping to see a nice boom in neo along with xtz for their mainnet launch early next year.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/760gmb/lead_developer_of_ethereum_raised_money_by/Lmao isn't that you?
ETH, ISIS and Onecoin aren't exactly an everday combination
 Not a shill> Doesn't even fucking use the word Shill correctly
using a space after le meme arrowkys
why no qtum?
I like to remind people how much of scammers people in ethereum areI posted educational information in /r/cryptocurrency but one of mods who's also mod in /r/ethtrader removed all my comments from thread being brigaded by eth shills because they spoke negatively about ethereummisinformation is the only value proposition of ethereum.
they have always done this by banning all critics from their subreddits - ethereum is literally only liars and thievescensorship: https://imgur.com/a/heauohttps://medium.com/@WhalePanda/ethereum-chain-of-liars-thieves-b04aaa0762cb
lmao an entire thread full of people who are salty about ethereum's gains while they're stuck on the sideline in shitty going-nowhere stunted smart contract platforms (if they can even be called that) like bitshares and nxt.
Please don't tell me the only crypto that you recommend is Bitcoin if things like that bother you
https://imgur.com/a/heauolol bitshares has done everything eth has done but years aheadthere's nothing eth has that bts or btc or something else didn't do first and bettereth was bought during ICO by bitcoiners and bts users too, we all made bank on eth, despite it being shit.
you don't need to like eth to make money from it, doesn't mean you have to support scammers.making fun of eth failures in everything security and technical won't get old until every single person in ethereum is imprisoned and/or killed.
ideally tortured too.
all scammers, zero legitimate honest people.
This guy sure is rabid Maybe he's some dumb fuck that was running a bit constantly buying/selling at 280-300 and is now desperately trying to fud Regardless it's always strange how this trash pops up when eth is pumping
No, I like tons of altcoins, I don't recommend shit.
I only recommend not buying scams like eth.
There's no promotion of other coins because they are not relevant to technical, security, and decentralization failures of ethereum.just assume everything without premines and ICO's are infinitely better than ethhell, ubiq is a decently distributed decentralized version of eth.
even rsk will give bitcoin everythign eth has without ico or premine, although drivechain will make it kinda shitty first few months, but shitty is better than raw fermted shit eth community and tech is.
act like a sperg on reddit constantly attacking other people >get your posts deleted HUUR IT'S A CONSPIRACY Lmao
until every single person in ethereum is imprisoned and/or killed.
ideally tortured too.
all scammers, zero legitimate honest people.maybe it is time to stop posting
"attacking" = saying eth is not decentralized or saying accurately Vitalik thinking he can simulate quantum computer to let him break sha256 means he's stupid?yeah, facts you don't like aren't "attacking"totally idioticeveryone in eth should be killed
Dude you have a fucking mental problem Seriously Seek help
QTUM looks great right now I just haven't read through all of the technicals.
A lot of solid sources backing it :)
underhanded-yet-ethical>Guptalmao
ideally all crypto supporters can skin all ethereum supporters (all are scammers) & weave a bag out of their flesh and then put their skinless body into the bag and burn them alive until they beg for suicide, and whenever they come across a new crypto scammer, they can pull out the skinless charred scammers out of the bag and show to new scammers what happens to scammers.
OP makes a few good points but he seems like a schizo
Shouldn't have sold at 300 then you dumb fuck So much for your guaranteed 2% a day, loser faggot
/biz really hates ETH now.. when did this happen?
He's just an autist that doesn't understand there has to be a balance between decentralisation and practicality, but he's just too far gone to have a rational debate.
I think you're confusing price for tech, security, and ethics that ethereum community doesn't have any of.Plenty of other better coins exist and have been far more successful in price than eth shitcoin too.What will make you really salty is I still have bunch of ETH from ETH ICO, most OG's do because throwing a few bitcoin's into it was easy as fuck.
I don't even want to bother finding my keys for that wallet because using eth is like gurgling shit.
We know how to separate trading from fundamentals.
He's just an autist that doesn't understand there has to be a balance between decentralisation and practicality, but he's just too far gone to have a rational debate.He doesn't understand there has to be centralization so that foundation can confiscate anyone's money when they think someone been bad.You fucking mental degenerate retard.
Go use wow gold instead and don't fuckign call it crypto, you subhuman garbage.
salty their erc20 tokens are worthless
He doesn't understand there has to be centralization so that foundation can confiscate anyone's money when they think someone been bad.
lol bitshares has done everything eth has done but years aheadBitshares did a few things (good things) ahead of ETH.
It was started ahead of ETH.
It is, however, a much less flexible platform, and all creations need to be added through the delegates, which is a big bottleneck for innovation on the platform.There is a reason Larimer, the creator of bitshares, is making the more generally applicable EOS as a smart contract and dAPP platform.
Bitshares is limited compared to Ethereum similarly to how Bitcoin was limited compared to Bitshares.Also bitshares "DEX" is just a derivatives exchange with pegged assets.
It's pretty much just a gambling platform.
the idiots defending eth are why nobody who understands crypto or security even attempts to post or explain stuff to the new normies buying crypto these days, like most posting in biz now.premine and ico apologists kek
do i really give a shit about any of this?
my mission here is to make a profit, if the people who are going to be buying my bags don't understand crypto why the fuck would i try to sell them something that requires this understanding to see value
It's not even about the best tech.
Centralization is a feature to the evil corporations that's seen as a feature not a bug.
ETH will be big and profitable if you get in now because it's corporate shit not despite it.
BTC is also going to be centralized and co opted.
Look who is behind the developers.
LOL at faggots that thought they were going to outjew the jew.
Literal wars are fought over currency, see Libya for latest example.
If you want legit crypto just get XMR.
that makes no sense.
they have 1.5 sec confirmation time, lower fees, faster than visa throughput, better decentralization than 2 mining pools that control eth, many coins, only existing stable coins like bitusd, name system since 2014 vs eth failed ens, bts made first dao ever that still controls and funds the blockchain, they have programmable operations, prediction markets, icos, tokens, all since years before eth, and so on.
what exactly is missing?
The ETH roadmap is very clear.
They never, NEVER, quote the price against bitcoin.
only usd.
so many people salty when someone accurately fud's their shitty eth bagsworld would literally be a better place if everyone in eth was fucked to death

fixed
That was really quick turn around?
Did Vitalik fuck your father or something?
He promised me a decentralized smart contracts platform.
I gave him money for ICO.
He lied.
Just like he lied about his quantum scam.
He doesn't deserve life outside of prison.
Also I enjoy making fun of eth and have ninja picture skills.
Hardest part is tagging all the vehicles in captcha.
this is some top tier level autism, you really need to get yourself checked before you shoot up a school
No gives a shit.
He's on normiebase and has corporate cock in his asshole.
That's all that matters.No one really cares about the real cypher punks.
They care about co opting the blockchain for their evil multicult one world government/corporation purposes.I swim with the whales not against them so I can make enough to cash out and go live in the midwest.
I'm an altcoin dev who's technically accurate and has consensus support of the rest of cryptocurrency communities.Edgy shit is just my sas because talking technicals over and over is boring and I don't like scam supporters having an impression they are equals in this conversation - they are shit people and deserve only to taste, smell, and see shit.
Gotta add some spice to make chat interesting for me as well.
>you only so mean cause you didn't profit on my shitcoin that went up as much as other shitcoinsjust like fucking onecoin critics only made fun of onecoin caused they missed the pump /s
This is quite honestly one of the most autistic campaigns I’ve ever seen.
I’m actually in disbelief that someone in the world wakes up in the morning and decides “I think today I’ll spend my day analyzing everything an autistic Russian guy has ever said so that I can call him a scammer on a mongolian basketweaving image board”
you make hardcore maximalists seem tame in comparison, just try to not shoot up the next devcon ok?
I don't think ethereum supporters lives are worth bullets lol.
Plus if someone does, they would be a hero in my book, and no people would be hurt since ethereum community is scammers who aren't really people, more like roaches without human rights, and they would just be doing pest control.Not sure what's maximalist about altcoiners being ethereum/onecoin minimalists.
How much did you give him?
Ethereum has made bitcoin obsolete.
The result is threads like this one.
Who gives a shit about BTC or Ethereum?
Bitcoin Cash is the true king of all cryptos
Ethereum can't send decentralized transactions or use any of bitcoin's smart contracts in decentralized manner.
You know, because ethereum is centralized, unsecure, and lead by biggest idiots in crypto.Nice random statement not backed by facts though.Oh, some people are making everything eth has part of bitcoin December 4 in rootstock project, so you can actually build their shitty useless solidity written but this time decentralized smart contracts for the first time without ICO and premine centralization.
4476846so tldr: Bitcoin made ethereum obsolete.desu all decentralized cryptocurrencies made ethereum, onecoin, wow gold, and paypal obsolete
I got nothing against Bitcoin cash, no premine, no ICO, devs don't confiscate money from users like eth devs do without consensus, number of nodes bit low so miners pose larger risk, but it's not so bad.
not sure what plan for layer 2 and sidechains LN adoption is already on the way (e.g.
https://yalls.org/wallets/) , and sidechains coming dec 4.
But bitcoin cash will have thin blocks and compression tactics soon enough as well.
Wish them good luck.
If Bitcoin made Ethereum obsolete, then why don't you see smart contracts on Bitcoin?
Why is it that Bitcoin transaction fees are a lot and confirmation time takes 30 minutes?
With ETH it's like 1 minute for confirmation.
BTC + ETH = BCH, which is why BCH is the superior of the two, it's a combination of both.
If Bitcoin made Ethereum obsolete, then why don't you see smart contracts on Bitcoin?You do.
Tons.
Multisig being the easiest.
Did you not read the OP?
Which smart contracts you think are missing?Bitcoin has a fuck ton of smart contracts.
Add to that smart contracts on XCP that made dex's and token sales and tons of apps since 2013.Add to that Bitcoin having all capabilities of ethereum via Rootstock but without premine/ICO.>Why is it that Bitcoin transaction fees are a lot and confirmation time takes 30 minutes?Bitcoin tx fee's are more on layer 1 because it doesn't sacrifice security for speed.
Bitcoin has more tx in reality as well thanks to batching.
https://bitcointechtalk.com/saving-up-to-80-on-bitcoin-transaction-fees-by-batching-payments-4147ab7009fbYou can see that via https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/activeaddresses-btc.htmlBitcoin has lower fees on layer 2 and will have lower fees and higher speed that's optional for people to use December 4 via rootstock.
http://i.imgur.com/ENpXtTt.png>confirmation time takes 30 minutesYou like lying?
Median confirmation time for bitcoin is ~13 minutes if you have paid ANY fee https://blockchain.info/charts/median-confirmation-timeIf you pay good fee, median wait time is 5 minutes.mempool is almost empty from all the bitcoin cash spam attacks: https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#3mEth confirmations are worth less so it takes 10-20 confirms to match just 1 bitcoin confirm in security.
(well, technically they are worth 0 because it's centralized and any tx or balance can be edited by the Foundation)So it's easier to compare maximum throughput.
Vlad and Vitalik said maximum ethereum throughput is 20 tx/sec, maximum bitcoin throughput (unbatched) is 3.5 tx/sec before segwit and about 7 tx/sec after segwit.
So at best eth is 3x faster.
Now with batched that number goes up to 50 tx/sec (if it's used more as settlement layer) - this is actually how many exchanges now use BTC
Ethereum made bitcoin obsolete.
Live with it
-15 minute tx time?
Dude I agree with some shit you've been saying regardless of the crazy sperging but don't fucking bullshit like that
lol everyone look at this fag fudding eth.
Everyone point at him and laugh.
Honestly I don't get it.
He clearly has something he wants to tell or else he wouldn't be spending so much time and effort in doing so, but at the same time he is so autistic about it that he will automatically turn off anyone that would want to listen to what he has to say.
So what is he trying to do?
On one hand he is trying to convince people of something but at the same time he is making it as hard as possible for people to be convinced.
I don't agree = autisticnote how nobody has anything but insults since they can't disprove the most obvious fact ever like eth being centralized piece of shit just like all of their community supporting centralization and fraud.everyone in ethereum should be killedis it autistic to want to see nazi's and isis killed?
eth has cost crypto more than isis war has cost the world (11b).
seems reasonable to want to see the bad guys killed and everyone who supported them.
they are pests.
Note that I never made any implications towards agreeing or disagreeing with what you said, in fact I made no mention about anything you were trying to say, but how you go about saying it.
Your post pretty much proves my point.
4478944it is called genuine character, we're not all soft social status seeking creatures putting on pleasurable masks for othersdo you think he is not self aware?
why would you make this assumption?
What I said has nothing to do with character.