Why have you not bought coffeecoin yet anon?
Token sale ends the 24th.
coffeecoin.io
Ex Barista here, managed two shops and was the coffee program director for another.
This has massive potential depending on how well it is implemented.
Profit margins for successful coffee shops hardly ever break 10%.
Most run of the mill shops are operating at 1-4%.
Starbucks is a little higher because of their ruthless business practices.
It may be earlier, but I'd keep my eye on this.
Especially watch for industry partnerships.
Just read the whitepaper.
Anons I don't know much about crypto, I just do this for fun.
But I definitely know about coffee.
This would be incredibly easy to implement inside a coffee shop and coffee shops have all the incentives to do so.
EVERYTHING affects your profits greatly with the coffee industry.
All this has to do is realistically boost profit by 2 or 3% and actually work (i.e transactions process quick and correctly) and the industry adoption of this will be massive.
fuck off shills
there is an extremely pungent smell of curry seasoned human faeces coming from this thread anonsbe careful of these men, do not underestimate the shilling power of an Indian in a well conditioned telecommunications room
Fuck man these guys look like technical noobs.
Running off Waves and Wordpress for an ICO?No technical expert on the team.
Worry about them getting the right tech people and also being able to implement the shit properly.
4424713This could literally not be more obviously a shill
Eh, honestly I am in a similar situation to him.
There are talks (many) within the industry about the problem of the supply chain.
A lot of the top figures in the specialty coffee community are focused on social justice issues, one of which is ethical treatment/compensation of workers.
Plenty of bleeding heart "for a cause" money is there.
Further to that, they are obsessive about quality, and most of the focus has shifted to roasting and sourcing/growing.
Having transparency in the supply chain and a direct connection with your farmers is seen as a badge of honor and a token of legitimacy.
It's also a fairly self contained community, where consensus travels quickly and specific knowledge is required - knowing and adopting one more specific piece of tech should be fairly salient to the community.
nigger Im not shilling just think it would be great for the coffee industry based on my intimate experience
This, especially now that fair trade is more or less a sham on both sides of the market.
Its due for replacement and this would cover both the financial benefits and the 'SJW' attitudes of the higher ups.
Tech adoption in coffee is fairly quick as well, especially in competitive scenes like SF or Philly.
Theres a market for this no doubt.
Listen you noobs.
Do you think they can actually implement such a technical shit?
looks like a bunch of coffee people on their team and no actual technical people which means they outsourced some blockchain devs which is totally gonna work out... lol
This.
Holy shit your marketing team sucks are you guys literally retarded
From an industry standpoint yes, from a technical perspective it would depend on their dev team.
With a few solid devs I don't see why this wouldn't be possible.The problem they are attempting to solve is a very real problem that is expensive the way it is now.
There is enough of a need that I could see bigger suppliers / shops / roasters backing this in the future.I'm joining the coin offering.
This would solve so many problems in the industry if it were to be implemented correctly.
Yes, blockchain is good for supply chain management.
No this idea does not need a token.
This is a lazy cash grab and you guys suck at shilling.Greedy shit like this is going to do serious damage to crypto.
Fuck you
not wanting delicious coffee and profits
coffeecoin.ioHow much would 1 ETH get me?
44247134425093GTFO you peace of shit
I'll give you five bitbeans to fuck off
agree
coffeecoin.iothis is some retarded shit.
fuck off and die