Figured this might relevant to some of your interests, checkout the app Delta a sexier Blockfolio.> iOS & Android> Actual iPad support> Syncing between devices coming in December> Desktop app coming in the next week or twoMigrating all my shitcoins over to this sucks, but the app itself is much sexier.
With syncing and a desktop app coming soon, I don't know why the hell you would want to use Blockfolio anymore.
Forgot the link to their site: getdelta.ioJust really has a link to the App & Google Play stores though.
Im sticking to BF as of now.
Tried delta but too laggy for me and all i really care about is my usd worth against btc amount
Might check this out after when it gets shilled here some more.
Entering all those trades into Blockfolio was painful and I don't want to do that again.
Not a bad call, I got about half mine in before I said fuck it.
Fortunately, with the release of the desktop version those should be significantly easier to enter.And also as  it's a little laggy.
I checked out their Telegram though and the devs were pretty active/responsive to issues, so hoping it'll get to at least BF snappiness (which isn't that snappy really) fairly soon.
>Blockfolio already exist>Holding anything other than BitcoinGo shill your shit somewhere else.
Next time you should at least try to hide the fact that you're advertising.
It's a free fucking app you retard.
Just thought it looked nice and wanted to share instead of posting about some shitcoin.
Is it retroactive?I've had to reinstall blockfolio and on my portfolio graph it just shows from the day it was reinstalled, not from the day the coin was bought.
If delta is retroactive, I'll happily make the change.
I don't think so.
Although it may gain that featurewhen they implement syncing between devices.
Devs estimate by end of December for that to be out.If you really wanted to, you could go to there telegram and ask the devs if they could implement it in the future.
They seemed to be open to suggestions from the few minutes I spent looking through it.
4505522Oh fuck, I'm retarded I think I read your question wrong.Did you mean that if you add a coin buy from a month ago, your portfolio graph will extend back to that point?Just checked though and you made me find they don't have an equivalent portfolio graph.
They do have a portfolio graph but it's displayed on the top portion of the home screen and you can't zoom in or change the timescale.
But, it is retroactive.
I just threw a buy in and set the date to a 3 months ago and the graph filled in for that time.So, maybe they'll implement a proper viewable portfolio graph in the future.
But the seem to at least know how to make it retroactive.
nice, good to know its retroactive.
i'll download it and keep using both apps for now.
Retroactive might sway me to try it.
But then again, I can't imagine that the Blockfolio devs will not fix this at some point.