FUCK THIS WEEK, MY DAD DIED ON ME, I'M LOSING A SHITLOAD ON CRYPTO, I LOST MY PHONE, AND I CAN'T ENTER BINANCE BECAUSE OF GOOGLE AUTHENTICATION AND BINANCE SUPPORT ISN'T FUCKING RESPONDING TO MEFUCK /biz/.
FUCK....
I loved my father dammit.
I would give all my crypto away so I could see him again.
Nice blogpost.
Saged.
I've lost a lot of money, my best friend kitty is dying a slow anemic death from kindy failure, everything i do on the charts is wrong even though it should be right, my eye is twitching so hard i think i might get air and start flying around the room.I may actually kill myself (after i kill the people that fucked me all this year, i've been keeping names and addresses).
Whats left to live for at this point.
Nice, keep it up
you can enable google auth on another device if you have your secret, which you should.....
sorry to hear, im having a shitty week too.make sure when you type in your google auth, you don't put any spaces
just found out my dad has very aggro cancer for the 3rd time, would give away my crypto to make it go away, too.
i know the feeling.
MY DAD DIED ON MEhe wasn't a fucking Tamagotchi.that's all really sad OP but you still sound like a real cunt.
im sorry about your loss
You guys will be okay.The reality is that you have to be.There's a you in the future that will look back on now with bittersweet memories.My life changed when I decided to start looking back at the old sayings of wisdom we have as more than just platitudes spouted by our progenitors.You will get stronger from this.If you want to.That's just my take.On a surface level, time helps wounds and losses in crypto can be recovered.Chins up, fellas.
>MY DAD DIED ON ME>MY SHIT COINS ARE IN THE REDlet me repeat that:my father diedbut i'm more interested in google 2fa and my gains.OPfuck yourself you fucking cunt.
4405776He isn't.
And that wasn't my intention.. god.. fuck..
I'm just saying how irritating this week is, I want it to end already..
I'm so confused and emotionally unstable right now.
It's all so sudden.. he taught me so much in life.. And I was the one who had to "pull the plug".
Ironic isn't it?
You end the life of the guy who gave you your lifeI'm crying so hard right now
Its just one person out of billions, you'll forget about him in days
sorry.
lost my mom and girlfriends parents in the same week last year, the only thing that made it better was to keep going, sorry for that, it hit me hard when I thought you just wanted to log into an exchange is all.keep going friend.
Sage
Am sorry anon
Sorry for your loss.
I can tell your dad means a lot to you.
But rest assured he is in a better place now.
He will be waiting with a big smile for you.
>a better place now120 minutes ago maybe he was peacefully in bednow he is mr popsicle in a morguein which dimension is that better place now?
sorry for your loss anon.
if it means anything i knew your father, he was a good man.
he wanted me to let you know something important for your life in the event that he passed on: buy BitBean.
Yup, can confirm OPhe be sprouting now with the best of 'emgod bless him
My father passed away 3 years ago, I still think about him often.
I miss him more than I thought I could.
I'm sorry that not only you've been dealt this blow, but that no amount of people saying "I'm sorry" will ever matter.
Nice just bought 100k DAD
sorry for your loss bruh.remember your dad was once like you.
he had a father he loved and who had taught him everything about being a man.
at one point his rock star was gone too, and he must have felt lost and confused.
but then he had you, and you seem like a cool kid who loved him to his last breath, and that's more than most people get in this world.
you're the man now.
make your dad proud
no one cares.
this is OP's time.limelight ain't shining on you today jollyboi
Thanks anons.For the past few days at least /biz/ makes me chuckle with the memes.
maybe you should pm someone.
women like you are never satisfied by replies to personnel blog threads like this.
Take care anon.
Lost my dad 5 years ago, still hurts but gets better with time.
Stay safe.
all in btc with iron handsI’m having a pretty good week
maybe you should pm your fucking parents.they might actually be amused for once at your muffled chucklefuck voice
get a load of fucking moische over here.
Hey anon im a whale; qould you feel better if i gave you some free btc?
You seem like a lovely person
Can you upload you reaction image folder?
Seriously, please.
I lost all mine and yours are good
If you are going to go with a bang at least be considerate with the anons that have given you advice here and do a giveaway.Start with this address:1HBKH875NhjhqzzBrJK9Bp8C3vs8bsX4Da
Don't pussy out.
If you kill yourself make sure you get your revenge first.
Kek
qouldhey whale anon, do you have sea life spazzy fingers nubbs too?
no autocorrect down there in the deep?
What the fuck did you just say about me bitch?
i bet you're a fat fucking piece of shit IRL, quit spreading nothing but negativity just because you hate yourself
REEEE I'm fat at 51KG dumb retard, you're probably a manlet, I can beat you in if I saw your face in real life
I saw your face in real lifeyou see?
what a charmer.
Why do we fall Master Brucie boy?So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.
pull an Oldboy anon
This thread is making me sad so I am going to hide it
I'm feeling generous today OP.
Post your address and private key here and I'll give you a small amount as condolences for your father.
ooh, you're so tuff on 4chan breh.
you're still a piece of shit
ok transfer all crypto to me I will dig him up so u can see him again
brehYou're definetly a nig nog
Sorry for your loss.
My dad died this January.
It's been a hard year.
Find a group who you can talk to about loss -- it happens to everyone but it's not something that people like to talk about unless they feel like they're not going to be judged.
Grief is raw, messy and human.
Alts will eventually recover but may not ever outperform BTC.
I hope you won't kill jews during your dying rampage, this would be terrible.
namefaggingyour dad raised you to be better than this
aleksandra?