Will they apologize one day for all the shit they said to justify their delirium?Yes they were very wrong, but I could forgive I think if they apologize.>DAAkek
DAALiterally against satoshi's vision.
Allows minority chains to quickly adjust instead of dying.
roger ver posted on reddit that he's going to transition bitcoin.com to show bch only lulzis that fraud?
An act of despair.He's already banned from the US anyway, it's not like he's risking a lot more by doing another fraud.
Considering bch is the real bitcoin, hes not wrong.
Goddamn Roger's getting desperate
Cashie hereI apologise
Not apologizing.
You're going to see added exchange and merchant support in the coming months.
BTC has some inertia going for it but it'll eventually hit a roadblock given no scaling plan lets it be cash.
Or censor-ship proof.
Or provide irreversible, trustless transactions.
I see biz is still buying high and selling lowthe pattern is exactly the same as last time.
It'll be 1700usd this time tomorrow
You're going to see added exchange and merchant support in the coming months.Yeah I'm sure Coinbase really wants to confuse its normie costumers with Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash
To add to this I'm aware they're going to give people a BCH wallet so they can access the BCH they earned.
I'm still doubting they will have a way to directly buy and sell it from Coinbase
They announced months ago that they are adding BCH January 1st.
Why is biz so fucking dumbbbbb
Are BTC shills going to apologize to everyone who held and slept through the coming holocaust?
Yes, they will.
When you look at their criteria for adding new currencies it's pretty obvious Bitcoin Cash is a top contender.
They already have to code BCH balances and withdrawals, it'd be stupid at this point not to add an exchange and miss out on all the volume and commission.Very, very likely Coinbase will add BCH as their next currency.
You're debating paid shills, just let this thread die
Oh no, I realize that.
I'm not trying to convince these shills.
I'm trying to make other bizbros realize this is bullshit.Core is scared of Bitcoin Cash, and therefore has paid trolls to pump out negative threads.
They aren't lulzy, and often they don't have anything to do with major price movements.
I and /biz/ don't make shitposts about Bitbean or other alts when nothing happens.
lulzyMan haven't heard that term in a damned long time
You're debating paid shillsAnyone not shilling their shitcoin is a shill for all the other shitcoins in the market.>Cashie logic
I was just thinking this myself.
Core seems to be scared of both BCH and ETH at the moment.It will be very hard to fight off two enemies.
One of them will take the no.
1 spot next year.
I don't go around telling Chainlink retards they're buying a scamcoin because I don't give a fuck.You paid and unpaid BCH FUDders however are actively attacking BCH out of fear and it's relentless and obviously ineffective.Just buy into BCH and cut your losses, still a way up to go.
You brain is fucking washed by motherfucker Jihan.
Just wait till he will take out his money out of it and you guys will end up being HUGE bagholders.
What losses?That's what realism is.
Delusion makes you hold forever and miss the selling points.
Just like how no bureau de change would ever want to confuse their customers by offering US Dollars and Canadian Dollars, right?
444212644421694442294So this is the power of kikestream
Hey cashie.
Why don't you go look at the price of your shitcoin and see who's laughing.
So scared shitless this is what the argument has developed into?
Up 300% still btw like that will matter at all in 2-3 months from now.
You lefty fucks will never understand BCH and that's what terrifies you the most.
Remember that when blockstream is able to effectively push anti-Bitcoin cash propaganda, they're creating temporary inefficiencies and distortions in the Bitcoin Cash market.
This keeps the price artificially low.It's a buy opportunity for Bitcoin Cash then, as normies are undervaluing it.
Give it a day or two it will get back to 1600 dollars, core is getting scared , y'all are about to be JUSTED hard!!
Core Tactic #3- xenophobiaBank on people being leery about the Chinese.
Pretend there's some conspiracy, but don't bother explaining it- let the readers do their own imagination!
It doesn't have to make sense!
like that will matter at all in 2-3 monthsKek.
You're right.
Notice how your shitcoin was worth 0.15 in September?Unfortunately for sad cashies like you, trends tend to repeat.
trends tend to repeat.So did you just enter crypto last month?
I get your trying to be witty but it really doesn't suit you.
trends tend to repeatSo, BCH will go another 300% within a month?Am excited already.
Might even try out a margin long for once.
Nah.
Just letting you know that you got duped by a chink and a felon, and that your shitcoin it going to zero exactly like the last two times.
Yeah, it popped up to 5x where it was and then cycled back down.
We'll see $2500 again guys!
Give it a week.
I missed the pump but, I still have my BCC from the fork, should I sell for free moneys?
Its legit 5k total and I'm too made it to sit around /biz/ all day helping with the shilling.
Is there any long-term sustainability?
As far as I can tell its only worth anything because the blocks are getting full on btc.
chinkthere you go again with your stupid xenophobia corecuck.
Yeah bro send me some I'll keep it safe for you14jLsrYgQWvH642p9GB6LCTbCkNU6XsQQn
Well the blocks are going to continue getting full on BTC for basically forever now, until the shitty, censor-prone, centralized lightning network comes online.
Which may be never.
Yeah.
Mempool is clearing pretty well, almost down to 0-5 sat/b transactions.Problem is what happens next panic?
Doesn't even have to be BCH.
Um???
Did you just misgender me?
My pronouns are "The Rightful King", "Real Bitcoin", and "Lmaoing at deluded Cashies".
If you are a legit noob, then really, just buy ETH.
It is the foolproof option at the moment.
Don't bother with Bitcoin chains, BCH/BTC/BTG.
One or many of these Bitcoin chains will die out at some point soon and if you don't understand the technical side, you can make a wrong bet.
One or many of these Bitcoin chains will die out at some point soonMaybe the 3 of them.
When is Bittrex giving out our Shitcoin Gold™ anyway?
hes a felonThe guy that took my greentexts and made this is a fucking legend.
I heard there's a few big bumps for the programmers to wrap their heads around before they can even really get a scaling prototype of lightning.
/g/ here so I put down on ethereum once I heard about it there, thought the concept of applications and contracts was innovative in the IOT and fintech.
I'm early retirement because of bitcoin/etherI just don't see the real negative of forks, it takes pressure off of the main blockchain and lowers fee's at least till it scales.Normies and investors wouldn't understand.
I'm gunna just sell 50% and keep the rest to sell in a few days.
How many % of BTC does Roger own?
I heard 500k btc so round 3%
Satoshi's vision>Allow one mining co to gain over 50% control of the network>Allow same mining co to use an exploit that gives an unfair advantage over miners who don't run the exploit>Allow same mining co to patent that exploit so that even if you do run it to remain competitive, you still have to pay a titheIs bch Satoshi's vision, or the crypto equivalent of feudalism?
50% control of the networkhttps://coin.dance/blocks/thisweek>use an exploit that gives an unfair advantageor if you weren't a communist you'd say increased the efficiency of mining and deserves to be rewardedmeanwhile btcmaintains arbitrary 1mb blocklimit guaranteeing high fees and slow confirmations removing the value proposition of bitcoinimplements segwit centralising access to the blockchain incentivising miners to collude for higher feesopenly advocating for btc's blockchain to just be a settlement layer for offchain transactions supported by patented blockstream technology

BCHers got REKT, that is enough and this is only the start of their losses.
That is what you get for trusting Chinks
Unintended irony: the post
I love the logic of BCash hodlers.
Everyone is a shill who gets paid by their respective overlords except them.
Just realise that everyone is shilling the coin they have put money into.
The only difference is that BCashers think they have the moral highground because satoshi's vision.
Sure.
Satoshi's wanted something according to everyone but Satoshi.
Get that fucker to a convention to state his case, instead of pointing at his whitepaper that can be interpreted in a thousand different ways.
so so just swap it for sum nuls and watch btc shitcoin crash and burn
Post shit cashies say.>UHH HELLLOOOOO.
Can't you see that there are UNCOMFIRMED TRANSACTIONS???
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
literally up 4x from 2 weeks agocorecucks are fucking desperate and grasping at straws, their screaming wojaks will be delicious
lmao you fucking retard i bet you're one of those deluded idiots who think the constitution can be interpreted in a thousand ways, because it is convenient to your lazy brain
50% control of the network>https://coin.dance/blocks/thisweekYeah, this week.
But BCH was mined at 80% hashrate by one "unknown miner" for several weeks before.
Just google "unknown bch miner" and look at the images>>use an exploit that gives an unfair advantage>or if you weren't a communist you'd say increased the efficiency of mining and deserves to be rewardedNo, you're just wrong.
Even Jihan admits that it's wrong to use it.
He is using it covertly.
He can still use it in the segwit blockchain, but then people will know 100% without a doubt that he is using ASIC BOOST.
He has said that asic boost shouldn't be used, but he is obviously using it.
But only covertly.So no, it's not "you guys being communists".
It's a thing well known to be bad, and nobody wants to be caught using it.>meanwhile btc>maintains arbitrary 1mb blocklimit guaranteeing high fees and slow confirmations removing the value proposition of bitcoin1.
You think that the fees wouldn't be high with 2x block size?
you think the spammers would stop at 2x spam?
why not 10x?
they obviously have huge pockets.2.
Go check out the fees today.
After the hashrate is back to normal, fees are also low again.>implements segwit centralising access to the blockchain incentivising miners to collude for higher feesThis is just retarded>openly advocating for btc's blockchain to just be a settlement layer for offchain transactions supported by patented blockstream technologyYou're just misrepresenting all the meaning of offchain transactions.
BCH already lost all it's good will.A bunch of people got burnt by trading it, and nobody wants it now
Alright, friendos.
I bought in at 0.16 thinking it'd pump a little, but it didn't.
Should I drop'em bags?
Yeah, this week.
But BCH was mined at 80% hashrate by one "unknown miner" for several weeks before.
Just google "unknown bch miner" and look at the imagesyou literal fucking brainlet 80% of 10% is not a total of 80%
You're not going to know they were wrong until BTC changes the proof of work algorithm.
And that only makes the ones saying BCH will definitely kill it wrong.
The ones pointing out it's a crazy risk to share a proof of work algorithm with a contentiously forked blockchain are dead right.
The only thing keeping BTC alive right now is the large price differential between the two.Would you be comfortable buying a factory with an assembly line rigged to explode if one of its main competitors gained significantly on its valuation?Let's not kid ourselves that this is over, or that it's a good situation to be in.
I can't help you predict chinese pumps, sorry.
You are playing roulette at this point.
Aggressive politics or rushing these patches is not a good way to move crypto forward.
The bch guys don't care about the long term development of crypto tech, they only care about pumping their shitty coin short term.
Shit like this though is just fucking retarded.
There has been a three year long civil war over simple necessary scaling changes that have been blocked for no actually valid technical reason at all and endlessly pushed through regardless of that fact.
Nobody can legitimately accuse the opposition of prioritising short term in light of that situation, they obviously have the patience of saints to wait as long as they did given the absolute idiocy of the blocking in question.
If BCH really does end up butchering BTC, it will all be extremely clear who is to blame, and it's not the side that waited three years for a compromise, got betrayed at the last minute, and then just did exactly what they said they would do all along.
Dropping bags at its strong support.derp
rushing these patcheswtf you have no clue about the history of this>bch guys don't care about the long term development of crypto techYou're so stupid it hurts.
BTC has made itself into a bubble by failing to make it actually spendable because of a the high tx fees.
Add to that all the tether smoke and you've got BTC crashing the market because of greed.
The value of Bitcoin and the market cap of crypto is decided almost entirely by how much trust normie speculators have in it, not how well it works to buy drugs.
Bitcoin is just a tech experiment, the only reason it's worth so much is due to speculation on future value.
Undermining Bitcoin through politics like the bcash guys are doing only lowers the entire market cap of all crypto.
There are plenty of seemingly more viable coins than Bitcoin or bcash to buy drugs with.
The price of Bitcoin represents the faith normies have in crypto.
If, as you say, the only reason bitcoin has value is because people think it will gain more value in the future, then it absolutely deserves to be undermined.
Bitcoin should be more than a vanguard fund.
This is just how markets work.
The only reason any cryptocurrency has as much value as it does is because of speculation.
If they were only a means of transferring funds for drugs there would be no reason to hold any crypto.
With more use and more advanced stuff like smart contracts you might need to hold funds which creates a demand for them which raises prices.
If you buy before that happens you can make a lot of money, therefore speculation exists.
Most of the cap of crypto is not from people actually speculating about future uses but speculating about future speculation so it's purely based on what the dominant attitudes are not actual real life demand.
the total marketcap of crypto has continued to balloon since the fork drama.
if anything it will bring more trust to crypto
Most of the cap of crypto is not from people actually speculating about future uses but speculating about future speculationI completely disagree.
All publicity is good publicity but if btc starts really crashing instead of bouncing lightly the market cap will crash with it and stories of normies getting burned by Bitcoin will spread.There have been lots of forks and they all had problems, bcash included.
Bitcoin works for what it is for now and experiments with altcoins continue until the problems are figured out and tested.
None of the patches so far seem very serious long term plans, many have systemic problems that slowly increase centralization instead of decreasing it like is the mission.