Yeah you!
Name one thing you've done in the past 12 hours to get closer to your dreams or being rich?
Come on!If not, stop wasting your time away and do something about it.Time = Money.
Start spending it wisely!
I did my homework and cleaned my house despite my wife leaving me last week.
I don't want to hear what's standing in your way.
I want to hear how you're getting closer to success.>Sorry about your wife though
ayo hommie i done been tradin dat shit all day yo like 18 hours straight im up like a hunnit ima bouta go ta bed my dog hell yea sheeeeeeeeit
i checked blockfolio 400 times
I had a meeting with a franchise owner about helping him start a new location.
The money he's offering will give me the ability to buy property and put more money in crypto.
My end goal is to make enough passive income to become a fulltime musician and not worry about starving.
Art is an activity of the bourgeoisie, after all.
ayo peace out dawg keep dat baller shiet up tomoroh an u gonna have 7 bands in no time fo real.
git sum dopeass pants made outta snakeskin an hollar at dem shorties from yo maybach w/ no extension.
real talk y'o dats how we do it in cryptohood....aaaaand.
Doesn't really sound proactive.
Couldn't you have spent that time on non-crypto trading activites, or even researching and predicting future movements?
coded like 10-11 hours on my trading bot yesterday.
feels good man
My end goal is to make enough passive income to become a fulltime musician and not worry about starving.
Art is an activity of the bourgeoisie, after all.Buying your liberty huh?I'm in the same boat.What's your role in this if he's paying you, if you don't mind my asking?And so it should!
Let's hope it pays off!
cool.
may spund lame to some pple but my endgoal is to have enough money and code the game i always wanted to make.
(and not have to worry if it will be a financial success)gl mate
I spent some time flexing in the mirror and noticed my neck needs more attention.
It's a bit small.
So I put some small sandbags in my computer bag and did a neck workout.
I also worked on my tan, swam a little, made a trade in crypto and cashed out for profits.
I had to stay late at work.
Salaryfag so no overtime.
Left the house at 7am, got back at 7pm.
Not a great time.
What language do you use?
I know python and this is enticing to me.I've considered downloading someone else's trading algorithm and modifying it with my own conditions just to initially get my feet wet and feel out the entire process.
I've been working on my personal project using an alternative distribution model called proof of confidence.Finally got a logo
Topped sales at work today and reading The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham.
Getting into the habit of starting the day before 7 too, always been a night owl
I packed 150 items, sorted another 200+ onto the shelves and gathered my resellable returns.
Time is money but downtime is priceless.
Overworking causes stress, stress can and will kill you.
Happens to the niponese all the time.
They even have a word for it, "Karoshi."
It's actually a good thing to have a clear endgame rather than >duhhh maybe if I get a good job, things will happenHow do you intend to improve on the shituation?
Like obviously you have to work, but there's got to be a long-term strategy here yeah?Self improvement - nice!You run your own business?>Overworking causes stress, stress can and will kill you.
Happens to the niponese all the time.
They even have a word for it, "Karoshi.
"True, but so many /biz/realis are lazy prices of shit I don't think that's a risk for most -- that's why I'm glad to see so many posters in this thread are, ya know, doing something.
Put simply enough I sell shit on eBay.
I can feel the stress physically build up when I go without rest for too long so when it's time to unwind I go all out.
Usually binge watch a full season or two of some show, order something disgustingly greasy, jack off a few times, nap here and there, and snus it up back to back to back.
what are the deets, anon?
i SOLD MY ARK
what are your margins per month?
the details of proof of confidence can be found at lqiuidaeon.tech, I'll also be posting a medium post soon.
Basically its a new paradigm for token distribution, it's not an ICO but has similar properties
I accidentally sold 2 BCH for the price of one kms
went to work
What was the other guy's name?
It's always been my dream to be a gigging guitarist.
If that doesn't work I'll be a salty old fuck who owns a bar or something.
This franchise owner has several locations already in the surrounding area, and is extremely busy most of the time.
He needs me to manage a storefront while he focuses on marketing.
If business is as good as he's projecting, I'll be managing a team of employees in the coming months.
Initially though, it's gonna take some elbow grease.
Thanks man, you too.
We're all gonna make it, man.
read some of the course work for my law degree.fuck you.