>he still hasn't bowed to the king>he still "invests" in scam alt coins
BTC goes up 10% >OMG WOW CALL THE COPSSome of my alts went 5x while BTC is fuckinf around with some 10% pnd's.
post a single alt that has outperformed btc in the past year
Bitcoin cashI'm not joking, it genuinely has unless you bought a few days ago
Alt coins are a scam?
Bitcoin is the biggest fraud there is.
Anyone with half a brain or not willfully ignorant knows that this Bitfinex tether bullshit is the BIGGEST fraud of all.
Even CME thinks so.> Six bitcoin exchanges underpinned the index as recently as April, when CME removed the Bitfinex and OKCoin exchanges after banks blocked their customers from wiring dollars in and out.
https://www.ft.com/content/4bbf1ef6-ca4a-11e7-ab18-7a9fb7d6163e20m new tethers and the price goes up $300.
If this the accusations are true and are discovered by the regulators then not only will this bring back BTC's price to 3 digits in a day it will also ruin crypto as a whole permanently.
I even saw threads where Bitcoin maximalists say its impossible to pump billions in marketcap with 20m tether.
Are you fags retarded?
But when people use the marketcap meme to speculate that Bitcoin's growth will be slow you guys say "but you dont need to pump billions to increase the marketcap by billions you brainlet".
The absolute state of bitcoiners lmao.
Bitcoin cashthat's one spicy meme
ANS/NEO
Doesnt change the fact its done better than bitcoin over the same time period
Whats stopping old money from shorting the CME futures and then opening an investigation against Bitfinex?Even if Bitfinex isnt included in the CME index, the Bitcoin price in every exchange will drop to 3 digits if they find out that fraudulent money has been pumping bitcoin for god knows when.
There would be NO BOTTOM.
No one will take crypto valuations seriously anymore.
This will kill crypto investing if found out which makes it worse than scam ICOs.
your chink p&d meme is dead
why is the price 12k in zimbabwe, is that cus of tethers too you dumb mother fucker
It can go down a lot more before it's been btfo by bitcoinLook at it's price over longer than a few days
Zimbabwe's price has always been higher than the price for the largest exchanges you dumbfuck.
Zimbabwe follows the price of the largest exchanges not the other way around.Like I said, either dumb or willfully ignorant.