h high0.18500000 h low0.14500000How can that be organic?
This is literally a strawman because Bitcoin Cash's rise is due to it being Satoshi's true vision.Note: Litecoin is not Satoshi's true vision because it has Segshit.
Look at btc charts for the same time.
There's your answer.
As of now, they are tied together
no, it's due to 50% of the volume being chink wash traders
Doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin Cash is the true Bitcoin.
You can't argue that, and that's why you are trying to bring up the price all the time.
Honestly, better switch sides before it's too late.
Yeah, no wash trading goes on with BTC at all right?
You guys dont get it yoI'm talking about all that zeroesssssss 00000000000 how can it be so rounddd
Strawman
>other coins54654354345668764354>this coin0000000000000000OOOOooooOOO>how¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Being this retarded
People often like to use round numbers for sell and buy orders.
Same goes for big buy and sell walls that don't get breached.
I dunno man.
Litecoin has segwit:https://www.coindesk.com/litecoin-successfully-activates-long-debated-segwit-upgrade/What now?
Get in b4 4444444
I don't think he doubted that.
He called me a retard for no reason.
Satoshi Nakamoto does not want your blind worship.
He was wrong about the continuation of Moore's law in regards to storage, and his plans were built on the assumption that storage space would get cheaper with time and that the cost to maintain a node would remain low.It hasn't, so the plan must be reconsidered.
If you can't use your own brain and can only follow, then you are a retard.
That's not that much of a difference, bitcoin used to have intraday shifts that large.
Its completely reasonable for this to have large shifts as new as it is.
Satoshi Nakamoto does not want your blind worship.Satoshi Nakamoto is dead.
Please don't sully his name for your own agenda.>He was wrong about the continuation of Moore's law in regards to storage, and his plans were built on the assumption that storage space would get cheaper with time and that the cost to maintain a node would remain low.Moore's law still works.
I have an 8 TB harddrive in my PC.
Please don't sully his name for your own agenda.Tell that to the proprietors of BCH
Tell that to the proprietors of BCHHow so?
Craig Wright is a nutjob, everyone knows that.
But he is a useful idiot.
Just pretend that he does not support Bitcoin Cash.
Want to see true inorganic fluctuations.
Go on GDAX and watch the perfectly timed corporate pumps to keep BTC afloat.
The page that lists total tether issued has been down for months, but they just brought it back tomorrow.Turns out they have minted 430 million in the last 6 months alone.
and his plans were built on the assumption that storage space would get cheaper with timeThey have though.
Memory improvements and lower costs aren't happening fast enough to make BCH doable in the mid-term.
In fact, due to (((manufacturing shortages))), memory costs (especially SSDs) are likely to go UP in price over the next year compared to past years.
http://omnichest.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXL60 million yesterday alone.
This is getting ridiculous...