Brainlet here, how would we be able to tell which wins between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash?
Is it the hashing power?
Is it the price?
Can biz explain pls.
Ultra brainlet here, can anyone tell me what the fuck bitcoin even is and how do I get rich off of it?
Nah it depends if people adopt it or notNo matter how good it is, if people doesn't give a fuck it will fail
So how the fuck will we know which Bitcoin people adopted more?
How do we know now?
Bitcoin will always win because when Bitcoin loses, crypto will die.
Too many normies place their trust solely on Bitcoin.
Bitcoin = crypto.
The moment we fuck the normies, the game is over.
Crypto is too young to have legs to stand on its own without normie support.
ffs anon i already told you guys im a brainlet.
stop confusing me.
i prefer a non-biased answer.
what quantitative measurement are people using to declare the "winner"?
is it the price?
is it the hashing power?
it's the most popular and original cryptocurrency so it must be the best
but how do we measure popularity?
is it the price?
is it the number of businesses accepting it?
General answer is longest chain/highest difficulty.
If you aren't already rich off it yet, I can't help you son
so in order words, the one with more hashing power right?
i mean more hashing power = more blocks will be mined in the long run?
am i getting right?
sorry im a bit of a brainlet.
*other words sorry i havent slept
this could be argued to be at least partially true if the only value of crypto was to be a currency, but it's not.
Blockchain technology's usefulness will push crypto to 1 trillion marketcap through 2018 because disruptive blockchain technologies will be adopted for big markets of end-users that don't even need to hold crypto to use them (automatic currency conversion), especially within stellar and ethereum tokens.
4279308Largest market cap = biggest coinand it will not be any retarded fork like that, only bitcoin is bitcoin
Normies will look at price obviously.And by then it would be too late.
uhhhh can i get an edit of this showing him swimming in drool above his head, but breathing through a straw thanks goys
Pro tip right here.
The fact there are bullshit secondary scam meme coins to btc and egg like btc cash and duh lite just shows how pathetic and scam you the entire crypto market is.
Can't wait till the entire market is btfo