links devs don't want to announce half baked bread.
seems the team don't want to shill for 1$ the aim is 100$ a one drop news and no stopover to the moon :).really cooool boys!
I FEEL SO COMFY WITH MY LINKS :) How about you guys?
no progress, updates, or fucks given about the community by the devs>this is why I love LINKthe absolute state of LINKmarines
dumb pajeet nigger motherfucker.
fat fuck rory
4381881LINK hodlers and BCH hodlers are the same shit.
They have no idea they got pump n dumped and the whales have moved on.
50%+ below ATH?
BTFO
are you the same guy who keeps spamming pajeet at links threadsSTRONG HANDS
4381881You do realize Rory said they are pushing for the main net early this 2018 right?
Ever wonder why?Swift if setting up a fraud detection service Summer 2018.
The original release date for the network was Q2 2018.
One of the touted uses of Chainlink was fraud detection.
DELUDED.
Yeah I sold all mine ages ago at profit so I guess I can say I'm comfy with them.
Don't ever compare the supreme LINK to a shitcoin.
Shill me on some other product please.
I'm in Link because I'm too emotional to daytrade and it is the most promising coin I have found to just hold.I'm more than willing to buy something else provided it has a bright future.
Go and buy fucking OMG where skateboard stickers pump price, only to plummet 50% from ATH afterwards, repeat.
Way inspire confidence in potential investors.
is our year and fomo will start kicking in
I agree with you.
Derp what is The Art of War?The absolute state of deluded nolinkers
nice just bought 100k
>I love link because they have literally zero news and zero communication with the community I'd like to see the mental gymnastics that were performed to arrive at this
It's called Stockholm Syndrome
Actually it is just called mental disability.
4382047their NDA's have NDA's
It's called DELUDED LINKIES.
LINK has neither pumped nor dumped.
stupid LINK FUDer:>the whales have moved onreality:>top 50 LINK addresses still are holding / accumulating more