Roger Ver cannot control bitcoin (BTC) priceJihan cannot control bitcoin priceGoldmanSachs cannot control itChinese government cannot control itnobody can control it.nobody can stop it.
Ver can dump all his coinsit doesnt matterit will climb back in no time
Nobody has that much money the control the price of BTC or BCH.
People here are deluded.
you are wrong the people on bitcoinmarkets say if he dumped all his coins on bitfinex he could make the price of BTC go to $10 and those people are very pro corecoin but they see the reality of Roger having already moved his coins to Bitfinex.
4318056that thing where the string cuts into the fat gets me so fucking hard
mathematics doesn't apply to BTCOK.
you cant "control" it but there are certainly people with enough money pooled together to do coordinated attackswhich is exactly what you just witnessed.
A literal conspiracy to try to bring down bitcoin.
Lulzy, and not the first time it has happened, but yes it is certainly possible for the right individuals to do damage to the confidence of the market.Jihan wu will probably end up dead if he decides to visit latin america or eastern europe.
he would have to be retarded to slam the MARKET SELL 45000 COINS buttonits my religion
big2failtop kek im gonna enjoy your pink wojaks later this week
He could very well make the price go to $10 for a minute, but it would shoot up to what it was before.
Flash crashes, when someone has fatfingered, have happened before.
They are controlling it quite alright you noseless slut.
Are you sure it is not just market sentiment.Occam's razor, in most cases, the explanation is the simplest one.> A literal conspiracyPlease don't involve cryptos in conspiracy theories
too big to fail is not even remotely what im saying here.
that statement suggests some sort of government bailout or something idkwhat im saying is momentum, exposure and adoption by the masses, is unstoppablenormies do not want bitcoin cash, they want "bitcoin"
He just dumped all his coins
he moved his coins to bitfinexthat hardly proof that he sold them all for BCH
yeh i personally dgaf about anything thats not bitcoin.telling me to "trust miners" or "trust core" is irrelevant.
btc was made with a purpose in mind and i will support it until i see that purpose is no longer.
Doesn't matter.
The richest of the rich BTC holders are not only using it to buy BCH, but they are also going to let the BTC blockchain stall, because the richest of the rich BTC holders are miners, and segwit is anti-miner, and miners control proof of work currencies.Normies buy and forget.
Their curency isn't even in circulation unless they panic sell BTC when this news reaches normies, probably for USD.
They won't prop up BTC in any way.
btc was made with a purposeYes, it was made with a purpose.
The headline of Bitcoins whitepaper states it clearly: Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash Systemhttps://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdfNow look at the mempools of BTC (upper) and BCH (lower) and tell me which can handle being a p2p currency better.
Mind you, BCH is 95% the same protocol as BTC.
Both are a bit different from what is written in the whitepaper, but BCH is definitely closer to it.
btc is still young.
i dont really care what you have to say though, i'm not buying what you're selling.
miners will move wherever there is profit from miningif the value of bitcoin keeps going up thanks to new money flowing into the system, it will be the more profitable coin to minenew money does not flow into BCH.
it just doesnt
Great, tell everyone trying to use their BTC that, randomly, they will have to either cut off their left nut and pay $20 tx fee or wait a few days until miners feel like getting around to it.BTC is worse than the bureaucracy of a shitty sweaty Mediterranean bank.
Everyone is waking up to the lie of the 'convenience' of BTC.
one moment BCH proponents are telling me that segwit coin is anti-minernext moment they are saying BTC transaction fees will be very high on segwit coinI guess i just dont understand the logic
miners will move wherever there is profit from miningBTC and BCC are not gonna be anything more than speculative assets as long as this is the case.Of course I'm not implying miners will ever stop to go where the money is.
BCH proponents are telling me that segwit coin is anti-minerInteresting, I've never personally argued that, but I guess this is why some believe it:https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/5zqmqo/segwit_is_antiminer/It is argued that Segwit facilitates LN and other such that mining profits are diverted away to off-chain institutions.
I have no idea if that is true.
YEs it it.Why you think Chink is mad.
He has the largest ASCI pool in the world.
Even sells ASIC miners for nice cash.
And they were going to make BTC ASIC resistant.Jihan chimped out, but he had no other choice