Why don't we do this?
We have enough combined crypto holdings to create our own nation, a land with a minimal state that promotes altruistic individualism; a land for free men: Bizrael.
We all have things in common, and are, for the most part, in similar boats in life.
I would also say that most of us here are above average intelligence.Tired of ridiculous taxes, the government tracking your every move, and not being able to afford a home until you're 45?
So am I.
But together we can create a new land, one that America's founding fathers would be proud of us for doing.Anyway, share your ideas for what kind of things and policy you'd like to see in our homeland.
Location scouting and flag design is encouraged as well.
I can not even begin to possibly imagine the smell of such a nation.
We would put the pajeets to shame.
okay someone make a discord group and lets make a country.
If a boy doesn't lose his virginity by 18, there will be a state sanctioned prostitute arriving to his house the day after his birthday.
That would be civil war in a matter of minutes.
Satoshi purists vs Blockstream cucks
Who the fuck wants to live with anyone from biz.I never want to meet any of you irl everyone here is fucked, including me
can we find our own planet to move to?
official currency is sigt
>Why don't we do this?Because we hate each other
Yes but the banter would be glorious Either thay or we'd all be shut-ins
make country>die off in one generation because no women
implying we wouldn't import eastern european women and/or japanese women as wives
/biz/ in the year 2025...
Ver is starting one already https://www.freesociety.com/
Though having resources, we dont share common ideals on this board and are likely to spend all day ripping each other off.
Goddammit this is how the Kekistan shit started on /pol/...just one thread with the exact same title as this.
This has to be a ponzi scheme
pol has tried to do this for years it never happensAlso it has to be whites only, and how will we get decent women to come?
There used to be some /pol/ony threads on /pol/.
They more or less died out, because it became apparent that it was just a weird form of RPG.
It actually had a lot of similarities with the Mars-One project, it also turned into a hyped RPG/money-scheme..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZgPggRTMkE
kek