have 8k to invest what are the top 5 long term hodls ( 6months - year) with most potential?
was thinking BTC, ETH, XMR, VTC, NEO ?
If you aren't holding BCH you are doing it wrong.
All signs point to a major shakeup coming.
Doesn’t seem too far off, though I don’t know about VTC.
Maybe DASH instead?
I know it’s semi-centralized shit, but it’s had nice going lately.
SALT
XMR, besides BTC, everything else is a gimmick
ive heard that theres heavy china manipulation on bch but it seems promising
OMG - wallet release Q2 2018BTC - 10k early 2018 guaranteedNEO - still chinese ETH
whats good about salt??
NXS is dirt cheap now after a crash, I've been grabbing some of that whenever it dips below 12k.
Lot of stuff coming in 2018-early 2019
OCL (going to be huge, like 10x, 100x in 2018).WavesBTC
BTCETHIOTAXMRHold a little on the side to buy into Chia (or mine it)
lol litterally all of them except for btc are jewish / globalist shill coins.
the price of all alt coins fulctutaes based off of btc prices.
fucking plebs
CFD
Top 5 Coins - 20181) PIOTA2) TIOTA3) GIOTA4) MIOTA5) IOTA
BTCIOTAETHNEOBCHIn that order>VTC>OMG>NXS>OCLstop anons my sides hurt
FunFair.
Collateralized lending.
Think big scheme like an ICO putting up their own tokens in order to secure a loan to pay capital costs.
Platform launches in Dec. Credit Cards launch in Q2 2018.
Brilliant team that actually executes.
XMR BTCETHOMGREQ/thread
BTC, ETH, XMR, LTC, LINKLiterally can't go wrong with these.
B3 / DBIX
not reading OPs or any of these retard shill comments.
Jacking off to this girl now
wise anon here
4416664>All signs point to a major shakeup coming.>ive heard that theres heavy china manipulation on bch but it seems promisingmajor shakeups and china manipulation are the only reasons you've got?
the delusion is strong with cash tards
BlockMason or BCPT because it is not a shitcoin.. it already has a working product, great website, co-founder of eth is advising, just got listed on binance and it is still under 10m market cap just ready to moon
Those are absolutely the best possible choices.
Wait for monero/VTC to dip before purchasing and you're golden.Also HODL
IOP for massive gains
VTC is a shitcoin.
I wanted to give you advice but then I realized that that girls isn't asian
I feel good about VeChain.
Should be getting way more money in
Muuuuh dick
ZRX is going to be listed on coinbase next year… Two of the executives are advisers to the project and angel investors in major holders, plus the tech is the most undervalued in the whole blockchain space IMO
She needs a run through the makeup app.
REQ, ZRX, ARK
some 5mm market cap coin that will 200x and none of us will find out about it until its too late
Why no interest in stellar lumens?
OMGXMRPPT
shut up homo
https://alismedia.jp/Not even shilling for a P&D.https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alis/Still under 30m market cap with a relatively small supply.
They are burning a lot.
It should make top 100 MK in 3-4 months and top 50 within a year if they stick to the white paper.
show feet
Eyyy, you did it!
Dayum, that's rough.
I love this app.
Tinder is nearly an even playing field.
All they have to do is make one that removes those stupid filters.
idk about -most- potential per se, but some coins i've been eyeing are:LBC, GNT, OMNI, NXT and AMP
yes, op this is a good batch.
don't listen to biz shills it's fucking garbage.
sure, LTC if you want because it's pretty safe
ARK NEO WTC ETH and maybe a bit of LINK
etherflip flip tokens looking super cheap if u can get ur hands on any lol
If you're not in BCH right now lol, this is a joke "Top 5" coinsI would replace BTC with BCH and you are good to go.
Maybe add a little LTC too.
wtc, nuls, mtl, salt, tix
literally ODN right there
QTUMETHLTCOMGXMR
SALT*RCN
damn.
that app really works.
she really does look like this with no make up
WANCHAIN enought said...
Here's what I'm watching, I only have holdings in the top tier and two of the mid tiersTop tier - BTC, NEO, OMG, QTUM, SALT, XLM, XMRMid tier - ARK, BAT, BCC, CVC, DASH, ETH, LSK, LTC, RLCLow tier - VTC, XRP
kek and I was just about to fap.
thx anon
Buy the top coins on CMC right nowMake bank in a year
holy shitcatfishing in 2017 is bananas
BTC is the only real long term hold coin, but I think NEO/MOD/VTC/XLM are all good alternatives.
4420713Y'all crazy if you wouldn't lay pipe in her still.
Still hot af
obviously
ETH & POWR
MBRS for obvious reasons
and we care what her face looks likeIf the first think you noticed was her face.
I have some very bad news for you.
holds up pretty well desu
You might be the biggest homo if you wouldn't.
She's around a 8.5ish without makeup
bitcoin.
and those would be...?
nuls you idiot
BTC, NEO and POWR
astro
Shes still sexy as fuck , I have all her stuff on this HD
Yo who is this, bitch fine as fuck
missgeniigenivaThere is a archived post somewhere with a link to her zip.
I found it after a bit of googling.
All in Bitquence
That's almost my exact portfolio
vtc >neo>eth>posting softcoreyou fucking filthy pajeet