Next stop, 8k
you think that green candle is the bounce?
lel
Hopefully there's time for a nap
How long until the rockets are fueled?
This redditor namefag thread again huh
Another 30m tethers just got printed, so yeah it's happening.
What the fuck is going on, there were only ~640 USDT and now it's ~670 in less than a day, at this rate tethers 100m tethers will be printed every new week.
GDAX failed its 4th run and I really thought the chinks had our backs today
They can't keep doing this.
There's gonna be a certain point where the U.S. government steps in and investigates them for money laundering.
I just traded into ETH at 0.437, blinked, and it's 0.430 because BTC just can't stop.
Someone kill this coin.
Tethers are the only thing propping up BTC at this point, everyone else who got wiser to Bittrex's money printing have already wisened to BCH
The boys are just waking up but they wanted to see a little action this weekend.
[citation needed]But separately, BCH's take off last week has now made it a viable coin to speculate on.Currently, there are only two places you should put your money if you want make gains and not be a faggot with ETH staying at 330 for 9 months.>BTC>BCHOnce normiebase allows BCH trading, both are going to be the main coins and the rest are shit coins.
4422476That's not the series of events.
Who do you think is perpetrating this?
Ask yourself who is behind the curtain.
There is an entity, whether it be a government, company, etc.
BTC has a strong chance to be at 20K by the end of '18 if Bitcoin hits CME.
Plus there's a law that purchases under $600 in bitcoin aren't taxable.
Do you have any idea what that alone would do?
4422500m does not send a 130bln market up $600.
do you even realize how retarded you sound?
It definitely can, if the supply is low and the demand is high, then $30m can definitely push a coin up $600Are you the retard here?
>oldfagbiztard
Bull shit, tell us a story
>When you rebought the dip at $7500
when you didnt because you thought it'd go down more
not biztard or a little miscalculation in booster rockets firing.
better sell soon fag, heading back at 7500 right now
not biztardthis
Your bit fuck cash will always be a joke
just asking if this is the real biztard.
and yes it is a joke, thats why im laughing all the way to the bank with both btc AND bch in my pockets because im playing both sides.
team up man, and we can all get rich.
kek
There will be Bitcoin cash for regular purchases, and bitcoin core for big purchases/savings.Think of it like a chequing account, and a savings account.
Then you win.
WARNING; OP IS AN AIDS RIDDEN FAGGOT AND NOT ME.
chinks are making the climb again
You have absolutely no clue how badly you fucked up, OP.
I have a particular set of skills that make me a nightmare for people like you.
Wipe your hard drive.
It won't help.
How did you know the trend would reverse?
Me too.
We're gonna make it.
Back up to 7750
You dumb son if a bitch.
You crossed a real life Reddington.
You are so fucked.
Dont run.
It pisses them off.
I wanted to, but I was cucked by LA traffic.
I hodl both but I just don't see any logic behind this happening
This faggot took my name and started a pump in my name.
Thats what happened.
abort abort abort.
It's not time.
Its going to fuck the whole chart up for days.
COPE harder you faggot
Sold my bch :):):):) gonna buy back in after the bitmex dump and coinbase dumps are done :):):):):)
Can anyone recommend a normiebase type exchange that I can sign up exclusively for BCH?Also, would there be any problem moving BCH for such an exchange to normiebase once they start offering??
I don't like these surprises.
shapeshift.io:)
:):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)
BCash fags in this thread.
Prepared to be Reqt
>stuck with $7985 sell order for the past 2 daysWHAT THE FUCK /biz/ YOU SAID IT WAS GONNA PUSH
bcash has a pretty solid dev team, whether you like the idea or not they're pretty well positioned for the next year or socore meanwhile is more "decentralized" in that they can't get their shit together w/r/t a coherent message
Goin kraken prob
IT WAS OBVIOUSLY A BCH COCK SUCKER THAT PULLED THIS STUNT.
THEY ARE TRADING BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN BCH AND BCT, SHILLING.
PUMPING AND DUMPING THEM ALTERNATELY.
I AM NOT CURRENTLY IN BITCOIN AT ALL.
THIS IS A FLASE PUMP.
DO NOT BELIEVE IT IS ME UNLESS YOU SEE THE RELATED PASSPORT WITH TIMESTAMP IN THAT HANDWRITING.
DUMP BTC NOW.
IF YOU ARE IN BCH, DUMP THAT TO.
FUCK THESE FAGGOTS.
I WILL TELL YOU WHEN IT IS TIME.
Damn nigga you got parkinsons or MS or some shit
I'm feeling quite like putting (5) .22 rounds through a pumpkin.
You might say I'm shaking with rage.
I do not normally write like that.
Holy shit.
You retards better wipe your drives.
RIP.
OP, i noticed this as well.The market caps have not gone up enough to be a real pump on BCH... it was a mini pump and it started dumping 2.5 hours ago

Don't you normally use two in your line of work?
Daily reminder corecucks are paid to portray any price increase of bitcoin cash as temporary and the result of "manipulation"
For (you)
You are still ay your keyboard?
You have very low survival skills.
$7985 sell orderYou're the reason why it won't, retard.
larp and homosexual
Another one bites the dust.
Each time I post a thread, the initial thread pic will be of this passport in a different position with different torn paper pattern, and related current time stamp.
If it is not there, it is being posted by a ghost.
* Future Ghost.
FTFY.
yessssgo down BUTTCOIN
why dont you just use a trip code you autistic mentally ill larper
No.
Tripkid.
I was using Passports for P of L for longer than a person of your intellect can count.
You must mean bitfinex
BCHers are aids ridden Somali Butt Pirates.