This doesn't look good.
Some people are sounding the alarm that Tether (USDT) is being used to artificially prop-up the price of bitcoin.
Seems something similar (using Fiat) happened back in 2013 with a trading bot:http://voxeu.org/article/price-manipulation-bitcoin-ecosystem"a trader dubbed ‘Willy’ bought Bitcoins from traders by ‘crediting’ the sellers’ accounts with fiat currencies that, in many cases, could not be withdrawn.
"This article details how Tether is operating as a fractional reserve and is being lent out by Bitfinex for margin trades:https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-mystery-of-the-bitfinex-tether-bank-and-why-this-is-suspicious-a8a6407a1241Seems super FUDy to me, but some people are calling this the new Mt.
Gox.https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitfinex-struggles-with-money-withdrawal-community-observers-predict-mtgox-scenario#Thoughts?
Massive FUD campagin to drive BTC price downward.
im all in ETH.not worth the risk.
Thoughts?cointelegraph is a shitty PR ragMedium is a cesspool worse than Steemit/thread
>Some people are sounding the alarm that Tether (USDT) is being used to artificially prop-up the price of bitcoinThese people are retards who sold at 1k or the bottom of the china fud dip.Tether is fine and poses no threat to the market regardless of what baseless bullshit conspiracy theorists throw around.
4457841These people genuinely believe that Willy and Markus could never happen again and will never happen again even though there is every reason that it should happen again.
This is what delusion looks like.
http://voxeu.org/article/price-manipulation-bitcoin-ecosystemIf you read it.. you could make enough connections to make yourself unsure.
I thought it was just fud before too.
not working very well either.
It's kind of pathetic how much energy is being expended on this with so little result, actually.
Can someone explain how bitfinex crashes if no one can withdraw fiat from it?
Say USDT goes to 0 and gets delisted everywhere... so what?
How does this impact anyone who isnt holding USDT?
I always just thought of it as a convenient peg for trading and hedging purposes, not as real US$ for long term holding.
Lots of currencies around the world are pegged to the $ at a fractional reserve basis, most of the Carribean for example, but no one thinks Aruba $s are US$s.
So, when should we sell??
It's pretty much the crypto equivalent of a ponzi scheme, and a great one to last this long
The problem is that with cryptocurrency we are in uncharted financial territory.
The situation is ripe for fraud.
Buying fake money (BTC) with fake money (USDT)?
No wonder they cut off U.S. customers and lost Wells Fargo
It's the latest episode.
august 1st hardfork.
china.
jamie dimon.
bcash.
now this.
We're not fucked.
Tether collapsing would be a big, big deal, no doubt.
It's obviously a fraud and people shouldn't use it or trade on Bitfinex.But if it collapses overnight it wouldn't be the end of the world.
Maybe take 25% off the market caps of the major coins.
But we've all seen worse then that already.
I'll give 5 dollars for your bitcoin anon
Worst case: every exchange using USDT gets raided by the US Treasury - they dont allow people to rip off the "brand" of the us dollar for long, ever.Best case, US pressures singapore authorities to raid Bitfinex or order some kind of cutoff date when they have to stop using them, USDT fags panic buy to get any other cryptos at the best rate they can and moon everything before it crashes hard... then a slow recovery.
I think Bitfinex is based in Taiwan... theUS Treasury can't raid foreign countries, they would have to get the State Department to talk to Taiwans Ambassador etc.
Taiwan itself pegged their currency to the US$ with frqctional reserve until 1978.
Countries peg their currencies to the US$ all the time, and the pegs break alot too.
This could definitely happen with Tethers, but Im not certain what the Taiwanese authorities would do in that case or if theyd even care
this already happened, dunno why the fuck people think there havent been unregulated market bubbles in history also spoiler only one thing happens
IT KEEPS GOING UP FOREVER AND CAUSES A COLLAPSE OF SOCIETY HYPERINFLATION AND A BREAKOUT OF WARS WORLDWIDE!
WE'RE ALL GONNA BE RICH!
LAMBOLAND SOON?
this bull run started when bitfinex was having bank problems.
bfx price was always higher (almost 10% iirc) but the other exchanges followed it up.this whole year could be one big bfx exit scam onto coinbase sucker bagholders
also bitflyer bagholders
lol and people are still trading with tether
4458226It's based in hoing kong you clueless newb
Bitfinex is a crypto-currency exchange trading and currency-storage platform based out of Taiwan, owned and operated by iFinex Inc.[1][2] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitfinex
All this FUD comes from one account called bitfinexed.
No one else is really reporting on it.
They’ve been reporting about it for months.
But only now are they really getting any traction.
Are their allegations true?
No one but bitfinex knows.
Bitfinex did release a statement on twitter saying that they are fine and issuing a formal statement ‘soon’.
So only time will tell
Doesn't matter.
Mt gox release statements too calming down investors.
The only exchange to trade USD to usdt is kraken.Not to mention the delay in selling btc further compounding the drop plus fud plus news = death flags Shit is about to go bananas
The fuck is Mount gox.
Mt suck my cox more like it.