hey biz (:snapchat: biirdyjhere to shill my snapchat, add me and you can purchase a weeks worth of personalized pictures and videos via bitcoin.
i'm thin, brunette, with a pretty face and round ass ( small tits, low b cup ), no tattoos or piercings.
if you are interested, just add my snap so i can chat with you to get to know you a little better and what you like, and we can take it from there!
(: pic related is me.
i'm asking for .02 btc per 1 week of chatting/video/pics.
i'm not sure if i haven't seen a thread like this because this is not a thing people just would be interested in, or if there's just no girls on biz.
but if i find no one is interested i'll just leave this thread alone and go back to primarily lurking and posting pink wojaks.
show ass bitch then we talk how much your worth
You are filth and should be executed
back to /soc/ with you roastie
why would I pay some worthless hole for pictures when I can have the finest porn one free mouse click away?
Be honest, how much btc for sex?
Asking for a friend
$143 for a weeks of shit I can see on the internet for free?
Are you fucking insane?
how do we know you aren’t a prepubescent boy?
> Endless pictures of naked bitches on the internet> Limited number of bitcoinsI'll stick with the bitcoins
Spread your cheeks and wink.
not even good image quality
feet/legs in stockings and you may get some ARK
Fuck off
Roastie with inflated sense of worthGet some betabux or pajeet to throw some fiat at you, but never bitcoin
is this fucking 2007?Do people still do this?
feet
To be fair that is a pretty nice pair of buttocks
You can have 5 link for full frontalEssentially I'll make you a millionaire by 2022
pass
Why would I spend my precious Bitcoin on pics and videos of some random whore?
woman are retarded and always 10 years behind.donb't bother, cunts can't plan ahead.
especially not financially.low res qualitydude
i can make you much more money with less effort i can fix you with man who willing to pay you, i did it for other girls but 140 a week is to much are you interested?Just talking sent pics to them some like some orders that kind of shit
t i g h t 0.1 Btc if can we do a tulip mania roleplay where i dress up as a nigger and you scream Sell Sell Sell
^ you're right she would probably lose her mew private key in a day.
If you pay this slut to send you cottage cheeze ass pics you deserve to be a poor virgin.
BRAPPP
what the fuck did i just read
thanks senapiif it's not worth it then no worries.
i'll go back to lurking and losing money day trading shit coins with the rest of you.
just thought i'd try.
look on the bright side, guysif roasties are starting to flock to us, that means we've made ourselves a name of cool dudes who make money (or desperate virgins with money)we're doing something rightnot that i want this board to be flooded with chaturbate cryptoslutssaged and reported
thisAlso tits or gtfo op
i'll give you .02 btc for a fuck
>no adorable feminine penispass
Tfw 16 year old virgin kid trying to stack up btc to buy drugs on darknet
step up your game whore.
your blurry shit is just not in demand.
you don't offer service that anyone really wants or needs.maybe try getting a better camera and fuck yourself with a chainlink plushie with attached dildo.
this is a fucking trap lads
oo look female basic defense mechanism, attempting to get ur pity.
Yeah well you should know how precious our coins are, but at least you showed ass which is more than most begging pajeets do.
Anons, take a look at any used up whore you see.
Think of any used up whore you see.
This is what this cunt is in a few years.
You could send this hole shekels now, or you could invest wisely and pay far hotter girls to toss your salad in a few years time.
Choose wisely.
Worst trade deal?
Her bf probably put her up to it.
.02 for nudes every week of the same whore though LMAO
I can just buy a hooker for .02 btc fuck off
u stupid slut, post yer feet now!
How much btc for a fuck?Answer we you whore I need to know this is important

Looks like we found the guy that hates women
Post feet and maybe we'll talk :)
The desperate roasties are crawling out of the woodwork now.
How much BTC to see your penis?
Post pics of your legs.
no I just hate shitty deals made by retarded woman and shit advertisement.
like this thread.
I suppose on the really positive side of this thread, we can see that bitcoins and prostitution have a bright future together.
Which is good, because whores have NEVER lost a job!
fucking cucks
lol its sad becus this must have worked for her in the past hey op we fuck 10/10 hookers in vegas nowstep it up little girl
(:FUCKING DISGUSTING ROASTIEGET THE FUCK OUT NORMIE SCUM GET OUT GET OUT GET OUTRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

fuck off whore, 0.02 BTC?
I rather give that to my hand.
great, this is what this board has becomesage
Muh man
>dumb whore comes to /biz/ - the land of jews, and thinks she can trick them into giving her their shekelslel
I’d give you .02 link per week instead.
How about it whore?
Hi cryptonick
Hey faggots back off she is my girlfriend.
It took me 1 hour to learn this website but I can finally tell you to fuck off.
She is mine.
Go back to hacking.
I wonder if she wonders why she never made the cut in STEM, has no marketable values and is a cancer on society (patriarchy prolly)
if i had snap, i would.
Feb. 2018The future looks brighter by the day.
I feel like someone is buying this service right now.
Poor anon.
are you serious, you even said it yourself you have no boob or ass, and you defo look like shit without make upshow your face and put on an anal plug and then you may start begging for 100sat.
jesus christ, this is what 'equality' becomes in 2017
probably only pajeets who try to negotiate a lower price.
I jerked off to you for free.
Who's winning now bitch?
post your dickthink of it like a sample to lure in more buyersplease
4275498i'm ded>will u b making the opening of the bob for 10 espers?
ark for bent over
OP you fucking fool, you are talking to a bunch of retards who dont have a throwaway snapchat account
Seriously though this girl needs a man to take this girl under their wing, nurture her and set her boundaries that she is free to test in order to feel like she is in control, and put her in the right path of producing 3-5 white well cared for children.State of modern females.
sharpie up pooper with a note that says "I fucking love dick" with the date and time and I'll send 0.5 BTC.
whore accepts pajeet shitcoin payments>wants to turn it into BTC>turns out she lost money in the process
nope she is on her way to be BLACKED
not "i fucking love money"
lol nah bitch thanks for the pics
Please send vagina
.02 bitcoins for 1 week of chatting/videos/picsWhat.
WIll you do nudes?
Kinky shit?
$140 is a lot.
Unless this cunt has enough commitment to go full Dirty Garden Girl/Hot Kinky Jo (regarldess of whether you find that hot, I find them puke worthy) she's not earning her money.
If you send me a video of you putting some gooey substance between your vagina, and slowly peeling it open so the goo spreads into strands, then you let your vag lips slap together, and do this repeatedly while moaning, I'll send way more than 140.
nah it should be "I fucking love dick".Also OP you're a fucking idiot.
I could get a hooker to suck the skin off of my dick and fuck her in the ass for 100 off of backpage and you're asking for 140 for some fucking pics?
Dumb whore.
These retards might fall for it though
nice just bough 100k snap shares
wouldAlso it's funny because there's no way she hasn't gotten multiple people to sign on yet.
Even rich /biz/tards are 30% recluses who are deathly afraid of any sort of social interaction, let alone talking with a chick irl.
Price is honestly not that bad.
That aside>start thinking about OP's body>realize that OP has partially digested food in her stomach and intestines right now, moving toward her anus>realize OP has chunks of shit strewn throughout her digestive tract waiting for an opportune moment to be ejected>imagine OP partially dissassembling her perfectly composed outfit to take a shit, breaking the illusion of angelic perfection out of necessity>imagine OP's perineum and the area around her anus bulging as a log of shit enters her colon>imagine it passing out unevenly and smearing her outer sphincter with a streak of feces, an imperfect turd from a flawed creature>imaging the sputtering of trapped gas and partially liquified shit that follows>imagine the hairs growing in Daisy's armpits>imagine tiny beads of sweat seeping from her innumerable pores>imagine an elongated bead of salty, milky sweat squeezing through a pore, sticking to a nearby hair, and snaking around until it reaches the tip, where it evaporates into the air moisture to be inhaled by some stranger>imagine the fine buildup of surface oil and sweat under her petite breasts>imagine it rolling into little black balls of epithelial detritus as she moves, impercepible to the naked eye even if someone were looking>imagine the interior of her vagina, squishy, mucous-lines walls, unevenly compressed in her seated posture>imagine the thick, chalky cervical mucous collecting>imagine the errant drops of piss in her panties, speckled with torn tissue paper
oh fuck I left in a daisyso much for newfags thinking that's OC.
not bad to be honest
ye it's a tight ass, even with low res that much is clear.
OP how old are you
trader-btfos-roastie-calls-her-vagina-depreciating-asset
Sorry OP.
I appreciate the offer and your ass is nice but I do well enough with women without spending as much as you charge.
I'm honestly very impressed with the ass.
I've been on this god forsaken site since third grade, and literally every camwhore had a mediocre to terrible ass.
That is straight up quality.
>$140 bucks to get a couple nudes from a roastiedamn being a women is fucking life on ez mode
i can smell the pajeet through my screen
Holy shit you fucking retards this is clearly a guy.
He has 0 tits.
And btw OP I sincerely hope you kill yourself.
yeah until they run into the wall
then they just get gibs and welfare from the government or take half a guys shit in divorce
Bad dealGtfo
Sent you some BTC sweetie :).
Ignore the misogynistic women haters here, they're lonely for a reason.
4276012
yep agreed, though at that point a woman's life difficulty is still up a few degrees towards medium (but never really higher) because they are fat/uglier/not as important.
Still far easier than a man's life if they are intelligent, but a man begins seeing his full potential at the same age a woman hits the wall... Plus their pussy pass definitely isn't as relevant and they have to settle for a beta to survive at that point, or at least until they divorce rape them.
Some boards ban fags for posting pictures of themselves.
/biz/ needs it too.
army whores are THE WORST fucking hell.
don't get married lads.
Pajeets have a weird need for live cam shows, it's like they can't even use pre-recorded porn
Coz she's doing it for you.
She's at your whim.
Same reason people jack off for hours to omegle thots.
The transcendent man knows to avoid wasting time on trivial carnal pleasures, and to rub one out.
I stopped chasing girls in any capacity a year ago, and I've never been happier.
Do it now only when I'm totally hammered.
Fuck man, you just made my boner even stronger
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE FUCKING ROASTIE.
IF YOU WERE PURE AND A VIRGIN THEN MAYBE YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE.
THING IS YOUR USED GOODS SO FUCK OFF.
ONLY PIC RELATED WILL GET MY BTC
I doubt she's a roastie, with that ass.
Would certainly be a disappointment if she were.
And then there is this kind of guyFuck off virgin
Note: /biz/ is NOT a place for ADVERTISING or SOLICITING.
Do NOT use it to promote your business, ventures, or anything you may have an interest in.
Anything that looks remotely like advertising or soliciting will be removed.
Begging/asking (including tipping) for cyptocurrencies or asking for money/capital is also strictly forbidden.
Get a fucking job you brainless cunt.
If your tits and pussy hole are all you have to offer then you have failed as a human being.
Have some dignity for fucks sake.
You shameless whores disgust me.
pretending us jaded fucks (regardless of gender) have some semblance of dignity *to* salvageIDK about you, but if I were a girl, I'd milk this shit for all I could.
Obviously fucking around is a different story coz that's actually damaging.
you are cancer, please kill yourself
OP is cute, but whoring is wrong
oh god my sides!
Nice try, rakesh
I’d pay for this girl
p-post feminine benis already
Your doing it wrong.
Being a "gamer girl" streaming on twitch and collecting donations is were the money is at.
If you have a talent for stringing along thirsty virgins this the avenue you should try.
They pay is better.
Since you said your trade crypto you could try incorporating both crypto and games.
The returns can potentially be more rewarding and less degrading than what your are trying to do now.
top kek
we've hit peak crypto
Someone take one for the team and post this chicks nudes.
I have no BTC but I'd love to see more of this booty, OP.
Your telling me you'll take my bags and give me any pics i ask?
THIS
 ill give you 0.2btc to put my penis inside your ass
.02 BTC per week?????
You realize that much hotter girls offer the exact same service for less than $20 a month right???
?