Should we just give up?
Should we just give fucking up?
Yes.
Oracle are awesome.
Much harder to argue oracles are worth $32 billion.
shit erc token son, stop comparing this to ETH.
It's not, and if it does work it's value will only be .60 tops.
Yes.
Buy high, sell low.
Why would you even ask such a simple question?
ERC20 makes no difference when it's only used to pay nodes.
And no one is comparing it to ETH.
How you are able to pull a price out of thin air is beyond me.
Selling without any announcementsYea, sell
Just fucking wait.
Unless you think LINK is 100% a scam, and Sergey is literally on a boat with hookers snorting your $32m up his nose, just fucking wait.
by looking at the current price and interest, duh.
Now where the fuck are you getting YOUR predictions from?
What makes you think LINK is a good buy?
Are you pulling numbers out of your ass?
anyone thinking of selling read https://pastebin.com/6xcsc2jR
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
I would rather have this conversation with you in a few months.
I'll be a dumb Linkie and hold and we will see who was right then.
Sell faggot, if you can't even hold for 1,5 months, you werent supposed to start anyway.
Fuck off.
Go daytrade
This is such a fucking garbage coin.
I don't know why it was shilled ao heavily on /biz/ and still is.>shit logo>shit concept>shit concept solves a shit niche "problem" that no one needs a solution to>shit team>just another shit ERC20 token>blatant scam ICO
If u have learned anything since I got into crypto...it's EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED.
Hold this shit til 0.
You will regret it forever if you sell and it moons.
Several multibillion dollar organizations disagree with you, anon
.60 topsYou seriously need to fuck off with this.Any useful, real world blockchain application will require decentralized oracles.
That functionality is only worth $210M?
Don't make me laugh
shit concept solves a shit niche "problem" that no one needs a solution toYou're a fool, if something does solve the Oracle problem then it'll have a multibillion if not a multitrillion marketcap eventually.
LINK however is not a solution.
bro, if you sell, you're gonna regret it the rest of your life.
everyone needs to stop being stupid n short sighted.
we have a REAL shot here of makin it big.
not chump change gains.
real, huge, life changing amounts of money.
this is it.
this is the time.
you wanna just give up?
the ORACLE PROBLEM, man.
just have a little patience.
being this much of a brainlet>shittalking the logo>so "niche" that banking industry is interested in it while at the same time having a broad range of use casesOne of the nicest logos in crypto IMO.Sorry you can't recognize projects with great potential, bud.Even if you look at the Ethereum chart, it dumped the same way as LINK did until it started the moon mission in January 2016.