instead of buying shitcoins go all in on LISK.
Seriously.Nov 17th halving.Nov 22nd Rebranding Event.mooning
Shitcoin tho.
priced in
no
not trying to shit on you but ARK is doing everything lisk wants to do and has a superior DPoS systemi see more growth in ARK desu
How's lisk any better than ark?
Its about short term hype you nerd
MCO and ARK and probably LINK are my 3 biggest holdings (LINK I have a lot but it's worth pennies)
You fuckwit ark can moon anytime as well we will see which one is the winner soon
Ark is a smaller team with less funding.
Nobody even knows what the fuck it does its full of so much shit and hippies and acid.Lisk is a proper startup of lean german engineering with  people and $120m in the bank, working with world class consulting services.
White males, no acid takers.What does ark have coming up compare to Lisk's rebranding and SDK release happening within the next few months?
buying LISK over ARK
answer me i've never seen a cohesive argument from an arkie.
prove yourselves
So when they say “halving”, that means they had half off the total supply in their posesion?
Why is that allowed
most clean wallet in crypto>mobile wallets almost done>ARKVM over 50% done>Superior DPoS system>Awesome community
i dont even know why you guys hold LISK bagsthe DPoS system they have is absolute garbage voting cartells will rape your ass and theres nothing you can do about itARK solved thisim not gonna respond anymore DYORbye
ARK teamed up with FUCKIN GAME.
that alone should be enough to be more than skeptical.
would you buy a coin for a wallet?
lisk is getting a new wallet after rebranding anyway>what the fuck is the ARKVM and why do we care?
Lisk SDK is out in 2 months (at 80%), hurry up>superior dpos how?
All delegates in lisk are great, producing support websites, infographics etc.>muh awesome community that is 5x smaller than Lisk's.
200+ meetup in Japan last month kekthe market values lsk 3x over ark, there are reasons for this anon
Fuck off poser
byesounding like a 14yo girl with attitude there anon, clean it up
If nobody cares, does rebranding even matter?
What the fuck does Lisk do?
Like Eth, but you code in JS (easier, fuckloada devs), and your dapp runs on a sidechain not the main chain so you have your own blockchain secure from the rest of the network.
with sidechains you have amazing scalability cus the main lisk chain is not slowed down.
Dapp devs have far more flexibility.
Lisk aiming to be the simplest, most user friendly blockchain platform, like a apple/amazon vibe
/biz/ hates LSk and instead of LSK they are attached to ARK AND NEO and although following the advice of /biz/ was good early on in the year in the massive alt season, nowadays /biz/ advice is fucking shit.
Lisk is a great coin with superior funding to most other altcoins.
It has a decent chance of becoming a top 10 crypto if it's bet SDK is released smoothly in q1 of 2018 but /biz/ fails to accept this as a possibility because they are emotionally attached to NEO and ARK.
This doesnt mean much as its impossible to tell the future but LSK is in a huge ascending wedge.
I am targetting around 0.002 before december and then early 2018 I predict it corrects 80% of its pump and finds a higher low of around 0.00088 by march.
Hopefully around march SDK is released and lisk moves fro 0.0008-0.0009 to a higher high of around 0.003.