All these mindless sheep who just bought recently because "it's going up" and think they are smart but don't monitor the market will get fucking rekt in the coming weeks.
can't wait fo the flash crash that will JUST all the normies and "investors".
the pink wojakery will be like a work of art.
those will be the days...
Not before shorters get rekt first.
Crypto leaves no prisoners.
How low did you sell?
it's the same thing every single timehave you guys not learned yet?
Lowest it'll crash is 1k, remember when BTC went from $35 to $2?
Likely it'll be $5k though.
We are overdue a correction.Thought it was happening the other day, but nope we are back abouve 8k.For how long?
Whats the best move as a dumb normie?
don't panic sell, don't fomo
As someone who panic sold last bch coup attempt I rebought around 8k mark and just liquidated again.
There's not enough margin but the chance to buy back at a lower price is better than losing a lot because of this attempted overtake.
This seems obvious right, if you look at the charts it screams for a correction, but think back to what caused the last crash/correction ('China is banning bitcoin').
That is pretty much as bad as the FUD can get, yet it barely did anything.
Do you think it's possible to have a massive crash/correction back to 5k or less without some big news event?
If not, what kind of news would be big enough to do this.
4520427ITT: Shit I heard since 2012
We are dropping to 6500-7500 today through saturday.
Im riding it down.
normies don't post in biz.
normies don't know pink wojack.
Did I buy bitcoin above 2k$?
HELL NO
This why people should always hold XRP to cushion any loss
Cool.
Tell us your knowledgeable forecast so I can screen cap it for making millions !?
All biz provides is a stable environment to prove that all people making predictions are full of shit , poor losers
After hitting this weeks fall we will heading for 9k-10k by end Dec.
local kebab seller bought 3 BTCs at ATHthe keks are gonna be epic
normies don't post bizAhahahahahahhahahaaahhaha