Whales are loading their bag since yesterday.I think they know that the secure nodes are coming really soon.
+ On their twitter they are giving little clues, it's almost sure that they are going to release the secure nodes very soon.Feel free to listen to me or not but if you don't buy you're a complete moron.
Secure nodes are going to be released very soon, same as break-even controlled fusion and flying cars.
You will see.
They posted an update on their discordSomeone has C/C it on reddit : https://www.reddit.com/r/ZenSys/comments/7coheb/update_from_zencash_discord/Don't tell me they aren't coming in a few days
Probably with their next biweekly update.Sitting comfy here.
Same, I've already bought a bunch of VPS I'm going to run a lot of nodes.Whales are trying to get as much as zencash they can, so they could run a bunch of secure nodes and earn even more zencash as the price is skyrocketing
I need to unload these bags.
How could you have bags ?
You bought it 500k ?
I'm kidding, just tired of waiting for a moon.
zen already mooned, it did a 5x in octit wont happen again until it drops to 150k or so
You really think with the release of the secure nodes it will dip to 150K?
That's never going to happen
well then it must dip to 220k at least for me to consider buying.
Right now its dangerous
It already dipped to 220k the 11 November right before the skyrocket
confirmed scam
You mean 2 Nov. Fuck i missed so many moons for not buying alts that day.
Fucking cancelled btc fork..anyway, once they release the stuff price will drop like a rock.
Sell the news and all that.
Just gotta wait, no way im buying now
Yeah 2nov!
I also think it will drop when the secure nodes will be released but before dropping it's going to pump and dump for sure and that's why I'm in!
I have enough ZEN for 10 secure nodes.
Can't wait.Anybody have rough profit calculations?
nodes worth over here.
If the price drops soon I'll go up to 10.
8.5% of all mined coins goes to developers until the end of time>no one thinks this is a scam coin