Tell me a story about Satoshi, /biz/.
FUCK YOUR MOTHER IF YOU WANT FUCK
satoshi is my dad he said bitcoin is going to crash to 0 tomorrow and he also said "screenshot this" but i was like dad i cant im not at a computerbut now i understand

Satoshi embedded a message into the genesis blockPeople have also been donating to the same address used in the genesis block like its some kind of shrine
Satoshi is the smartest man alive.
He will be the richest person on the planet and enslave us all.
There once was a man who came up with something to rid us of banking controls.
At first he was pleased, people seemed interested and there was community collaboration to further improve things.
However this was quickly surpassed by people who wanted nothing more than to financially profit and had no interest in the original goal.
This depressed him and he decided to disappear.
Watching things deteriorate over time drove him deeper and deeper into depression.
He killed himself.
The end.
So... What does the message say?
niggers
"niggers tongue my anus"
Oh cool
Actually, Satoshi was Hal Finney, he died of ALS but had his body preserved in a cryonic stasis chamber.
He put his wife in charge of physical storage of his bitcoin Wallet files, but only he knows the password to the encryption.Some day, when they can unfreeze people, Hal Finney will return to life.
He will be in control of over a trillion dollars of purchasing power at this time.
"The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks"
Satoshi is thermos and the rest of the mods of r/bitcoin
What did Satoshi mean by this?
Satoshi Nakomoto was murdered so the people in charge now could control Bitcoin.
Goodnight OP!
Bitcoin is the first borderless transnational currency.
It completely defeats banks of a long enough time scale.
This isn't an accident.
Well if its legit he might have said"Guys, get in here, we're mooning"
until his friend Roger avenges him, destroying the usurpers and restoring Satoshi's coin to #1
The timing couldn't have been more perfect.
The real test will be if bitcoin and crypto in general withstand an economic recession.
I could see it going up as people need something to hold up their value, but I could also see it going down as people need cash because they're losing their jobs and shit.
He was known to say things like Bloody, or british slang.
We've got to do something about these kikes
meant for
Easily the smartest, but probably not alive anymore.
I saw Satoshi at a grocery store in Sapporo yesterday.
I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.He said, “Oh, rike you’re doing now?”I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh?
huh?
huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face.
I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off.
When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electricar infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me.
I don’t even think that’s a word.
After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
Anything he/she/them/(*it!!
*) did including the timing of posts, the vernacular, you name it could have been an affectation to throw people off his trail.
We know basically nothing for sure about Satoshi.
/oursatoshi/
Just ask Nick Szabo himself
Satoshi here.
AMA
he wanted big blocks
the truth is actually satoshi is a team of academics.
the NSA wanted to make sure satashi wasn't a terrorist or the KGB or something so they used writing samples and ran them through super computers comparing to published works on the whole internet, eventually finding a team of people behind bitcoin.
Samsung + Toshiba + NakamotoSatoshi Nakamoto never existed:)
The first round of bailouts during the '08 Financial Crisis were what initially inspired Ms. Nakamoto (who is a British woman).
The idea of a second round of bailouts disgusted her immensely.
She's basically saying "fuck the banks, fuck bailouts, own your money and be free"
You guys are alright, dont go to hodl school tomorrow, you are all shite at picking the right altcoins anyway, Confido holy shit this coin got shilled hard on biz BTFOI will shill you a nice discord group I just became part ofWe pump on bittrex, +10k members, active channels on trading/rumors and admins who find a good coin to pump and shill.
Last week I made 30% on Bitbean in several trades under 15 minutes and 20% on a Bitbean pump.Join us or stay pajeet faggots!https://discord.gg/K2TBDXq
I suspect this was a created or at least hijacked by the CIA to get everyone on the teet of electronic currency and we are being subverted into using government FIAT on a blockchain so they can track every single transaction and this is just one more step for the NWO.If we do it it ourselves its alot easier for them
Satoshi is a woman that works for the CIA and Holywood.#metoo is just the beginning.Once women control all the banks and global trade you will see the gender Renaissance.
is that a racist white supremacist devil i see on the left corner of the picture?
<< This is Satoshi NakamotoDave KleimanHe is dead, his brother has the drive that has his wallet.
The drive is encrypted.
Of that wallet 10 000 BTC is promised to Craig Wright.Nobody can break the encryption of the drive, all the data is copied but still it is not deciphered.
This is his brother, still alive.
However he cannot access the drives.
It's proof that he didn't premine bitcoin, since that block had to be mined on or after the date of the headline.
He just picked a good headline.
Whats hitler doing in the background of that photo?