Is it that simple?pic related
FUCK OFF SHILL NOT WELCOME NOT WELCOME FUCK OFF PIECE OF SHIT
>is it that simple?No.
Never trust a chink.
BCH is a scam.
Their use cases are scamming geekboy ten year olds out of their money
is that a fact?
I used to think andreas was economically on point but what is with these people thinking store of value and transactability are mutually exclusive.
if anything store of value for a money comes from confidence in the fact that you will be able to trade it for something regardless of time.
Meanwhile btc can't may never clear its mempool
4336677Nope.A few whales might gather and fuck BCC in the asshole, It wouldn't die before but wait till you see this shit, people still have confidence in BCC so they're going to royally fuck it to hell and back and make sure that coin doesn't exist.They have the power to wipe out their competition, what a better way than to go completely balls deep.He didn't buy all of those coins at $2700 for nothing.It could be because BCC is getting too big, they were able to contain it last time, now it's stuck at $1000+ so they're going to make sure, people take their money out of it.Someone out there REALLY wants BTC to be the main coin.
he is canadian and naturally leans lefti saw him speak in public and some of his remarks were just lefty as fuck
bargaining phase
>BTC as a store of value>BCH for spending purposesThis is retarded, BCH can be better than BTC for both of these things.
store of value and spending purposes are kind of a conflict of interest
FUCK NO BCH IS TRYING TO STEAL OUR HASH POWER AHHHHHHTHIS WAS A HOSTILE FORCED ATTEMPT TO DESTROY OUR BLOKCHAIN.
THEY WANT TO MAKE BCH THE BITCOIN.
Isn't it btc's decentralization that makes it censorship resistant which makes it a store of value?
that dude lost all of his BTC on yobit dice, wouldn't trust anything he say.Also, massive SJW.
Or just fucking use Litecoin instead... Roger Ver's a coward who had to steal the Bitcoin brand to pump his shitcoin.
BTC/BCH are connected by a shared mining pool.
It should be clear what that implies.But Anon, because you have a small brain let me make it simple for you.
Watch this video, it will only take a minute to understand BTC/BCH.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSnnScAyIjI