It's basically venture capitalism for the people.
If we own DCORP tokens, we get to vote to fund a project on the network.
If it succeeds we fund the company.
It's revenues are then shared with DCORP token holders.
Basically, participating in DCORP means you're crowdfunding venture capital.
Get in quick because the circulating supply is tiny.Relevant stats:$12 mil market cap4 mil circulating supply
Current exchanges:EtherdeltaCryptopiahttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dcorp/
you guys got a discord or something?
because there's a lot of coordinated shilling for this scam coin
Do you trust the crowd to make good investments?
Especially investing in something that will provide returns in any decent timeline.
And who is the arbiter of the money?
Can we trust them?
Dual structure token, this has been featured in many articles for all you pajeets calling it a scam coin.
Get fking real biz marines.
They have a dual token structure setup.
Here are all the links you need, if you are calling this a scam then fuck you biz pajeets.
https://www.dcorp.ithttps://cointelegraph.com/news/venture-capitalism-receives-boost-with-dcorp-decentralized-organizationhttps://www.forbes.com/sites/nikolaikuznetsov/2017/06/28/is-blockchain-disrupting-the-way-startups-raise-funds/#72227675123fhttps://venturebeat.com/2017/06/17/heres-how-we-start-to-stabilize-bitcoin-ethereum/https://themerkle.com/dcorp-and-derivatives/http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/06/07/derivatives-missing-link-cryptocurrency-world/
grabbed a few ether's worth, I like the model and there approach to a community driven decision making machine.
I can see this easily going 5x before 2018, with the low circ.
and market cap.
I wish I would have seen these guy's a while ago.
Get in now or FOMO forever.
Agreed.
60k in the bag.
Let’s roll.
YeeAh !!
this is going to be big !!!
i read the article on venture beat , and forbes.
missing links filled in, dcorp is going to be hot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dual structure, high utility, this is exactly what the block chain universe needs.
For people confused about the dual token setup, you can use your current DRP to convert into DRPU to receive dividends or DRPS to vote on projects.
Jesus this is fking unique.
it also helps get around ICO ban in certain places
Did you just link us some shit from june but not mention the coin until november?
They had the ico going during this period, the fact is it doesn't make this project less legit.
They got massively covered.
This is the real shit.
its coordinated cause its true shit
You should read more about it.
DRPU = vote, access to icosDRPS = vote, access to icos, dividendsThe only advantage to DRPU is that you can get 2:1 DRP where DRPS is 1:1.
Also you can exchange DRPS - DRPU using there token changer at the same ratio "indefinitely".
Stop shilling such legit coins so early, need to fking accumulate.
Fking bizmarines are going to get on this.
Unless they already have a crowdsourcing platform up and running or are planning a beta, it sounds like a worthless token.
It won't be valuable until there is at least 1 project using it and it is not even clear how you would start a project with DCORP.
If they had some platform like Kickstarter then it would seem worthwhileAnd the other question is who would use this method of crowdsourcing funds?
If I want to get money from VCs who I know will give me the money and the connections to start my business venture I will go the old fashion route of finding some VCs, either through some accelerator or VC meetup, PM them on LinkedIn to get specifici people, etc.
If I want money from the people who will buy my product eventually, I would just use something like Indiegogo or Kickstarter where all the money I know is coming from people but is ultimately owned by me and only me.
So why would I start a business venture through DCORP funding?
In their paper they say DCORP will legally own the project, and they will assign their own managers to it, so why would I give up ownership of my own business willingly, for smaller starting capital and no guarantee that the people giving me money are going to use/support my project, and have some other company's people meddling with management of that project?There is also no guarantee the project team will get paid by DCORP, as all money will go to them, so you can't even be sure the people you are supporting are getting paid.
Seems stupid to me, there are better tokens with more clear voting rights terms and dividends terms and can be sure money will go to who I say it will go to
It's a PR article you dumb fuck
28 ETH in, let's roll
What was the ico buy in price?
www.google.com
4278549fucking samefag, hope your coin burns to the ground
Good stuff.
Hope I'm not late to the party.
they dothe vc platform/forums/new site will be up in December
No one in this thread has mentioned the derivatives market aspect of Dcorp
HitBTC on the 17th.
And once derivatives come out, the price right now will look like penny stocks.
should I buy on EtherDelta?
I did, and boy was it a good choice.
It says cryptopia cause I want to track the btc pair but I used ED and just bought at market price.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNsAPwxl_TkBALL ON THESE NIGGA, BEIN BROKE IS NOT A OPTION
It might be a little cheaper on cryptopia but The Delt is fine.
Im already in got around 7 eth worth.
The low market cap in this coin gonna make it explode.
Its currently less than 12m...can easily go to x3 if not more
am i too late for moon mission?
no, strap in coz we're taking off tonight
Actually its going to 0.015 ~ 0.02 tn organized pump.
Didnt hear it from me hehehe