You know all this Link fever that has caught on here?
Now imagine what happens when that sets in with the broader crypto community, and it will, suddenly we'll go to multi billions within days.
When Link 'clicks' it creates a virus of holders.
You're going to see something that has never been seen before in crypto.
And you're early.
You got the front row seats.
>pls buy my bags
Bought at 0.09$What bags
No shill - literally don't give a flying fuck about any other coin these days.
Nothing excites me anymore
OP is right.
We are witnessing the greatest bag holding in the history of crypto.
And we have the front row seats boys.
>Think I am buying the floor.>Link finds a new lower floor.I better be fucking rich in a year.
Yup I remember the earlier ETH days.
This feels the same.Just buy LINK and kick up your feet and patience will prove very rewarding
Shh delete this I'm trying to accumulate :)
You won't laugh in 11 months.
Be grateful that God is giving you a chance to get a massive amount of money for cheap.
Link is only 16 cents right now.If you miss this opportunity you might regret this your entire life.
This is going to be way bigger than Ripple with all of LINK's unofficially, ambiguously known partnerships.
Just imagine if LINK fails and only gets to Ripple's market cap.
We would be at $25 per LINK, and all of us would be multi-ten thousandnaires.
Now, imagine if the stars aligns and it succeeds beyond expectations.
We obliterate every single shitcoin in our way on coinmarketcap and hit top 3.
Getting a total market cap of 50 billion, and we'd retire at 20.
But how do we make it "click"?
Market's too dumb to understand it
multi-ten thousandnairesGotta earn those stripes, kid
10k bagsI cry everyday
Down 60% and my only concern is that I will be able to invest more in early December and this thing may monster-moon until then.
just need to offload my wanbags for more linkWanchainwan-chainrent free
Yep, this is basically a gift for everyone who missed out on BTC, ETH, LTC, NEO, LSK, etc etc etc ... Link belongs to us.
Everything is already fine.
It is already done.
Your future self is rich.
Keep yourself occupied until you meet them.
look at reddit...already 4k members scribers in two months...the community is strong
so you are saying it's a pyramid scheme lol?
I want to buy some link just so I can live in fairytale land with you guys and be>rent free
Guys, i think link is the real PBC coin.
Everything else (powr, cvc) is a coordinated PnD.
How long do i have to wait anon and how much do i need?I only became a coiner the other week so slowly accumulating.
At the moment i have link, ark, arn ( only holding atn till saturday because i hear of a maybe ×3 gain).
I dont mind waiting a couple of years
do it pussy
threads like these are the only drugs i need
how do i hold these link bags?
all they do is lose value
Also i checked out link website and i see no roadmap???
what is a whitepaper
it will happen on its own in the coming weeks, it already has 14,000 wallets.
community is exploding
I swear this is a big inside joke for /biz/ to fuck any newfags.
Please don't do this to me, I came from pol just two weekd ago and haven't been back since, so please just tell me the dam trust
I very much hope so but I thought we were at 10,000 already around Sibos.
/r/linktrader is only growing linearly.
I don't see much talk of it either in the wider community
I hold more than 250k link, since presale, not considering selling a single one before 1-2$.I don't know how I could convince you this isn't a joke, this really is the next eth.
Sure, maybe you won't buy the absolute floor but so what ?Don't be fooled by the shilling and fudding, DYOR.
Can anyone suggest a good wallet to keep my link in, if possible one with a mobile app so i can show off my linkcoins to bitches when I'm rich?I really dont like using ethwallet to get my coins off the exchange
My Ether Wallet + Ledger
I don't think it will moon in early December.
There is an announcement in december but they didn't specify the date.
I expect late December (Christmas present from Sergey, swift partnership confirmed and we are halfway to lambo).
So fucking deluded OP
Im a poorfag and newfag but still hold link.
How long would a poorfag like me have to told onto 3000link before i made half a million, maybe when im dead right?
Should i sell all my ark and get me some more link.
I hear ark might hit $10 next year some time
Thanks ill check them out
How do I even buy this shit?
Hey does this ledger wallet holds all coins?
I like this, are their other ones on the market at all?
https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=LINK_BTC
 expecting a 1800x increase
Bitcoin, Ethereum and ERC20 tokens, of which LINK is one.
Monero is in the process of developing a hardware wallet, and my understanding is that Ark is getting added too.
Fuck off, no way.
I dont believe that.
How long of a time frame?
LINK yeah theres no way.
but for people bagholding 20k+, well half a mil is totally possible
Hes talking about the other dude hoping his 3k link will get him half a mil
I want to be friends with you, senpai
nigger if you're unloading at 2$ you're gonna kill yourself when we blast off to $10+
He's quoting YOU expecting half a mil.
Forgot how green text works, /pol/ anon?
Yeah i wont do it, i know if i pull out if will fucking do it too.
I pulled out of my holdings i had on powr and look what happened
True, sorry just seen that number and was like no fucking way nigga.
I just wish you autistic /biz/ faggots would just be clear on what shitty shitcoin to put all my money in and just hold for a year or fucking two
I'm from /pol too.
LINK isn't a PnD or scam but it's looking like a long term hold and there's no telling when exactly it'll blast off into space.
The tech is a first mover but the main network hasn't been put out yet.
While it's a guaranteed moon it's likely you will miss out on everything else.
If you can afford to put your money aside for 15 months and not touch it id go for this.
You just need to learn how to discern which side of the argument has the smart people on it.LINK FUD:> hur dur shitcoin Sir Gay is fatLINK proponents: > describes business need for decentralized oracles, explains token usage, demonstrates interest from big industry players, holds comfortably because they are not ADHD day-traders chasing the next pump and dumpIt's not that difficult.
its sibos news in december, not link news.
could be both, but thats far from sure.
Fuck i have 10k in saving but just cant do it.
Maybe a 1k I could.
What would the return be after say 2 years from now if I put 1k in link and not touch it
ones that still cost anything at all, lmao
,000
>oraclize is shit>I know better than the Ethereum teamWhy don't you link retards tell me why everyone who is anyone in the crypto space supports oraclize over you?>MUH IT'S CENTRALIZED
You'll never make it with this mentality.
I know man but to lose that 10k i worked so hard for would make me wanna kill myself.
If I can make say 40k off link in 2 years ill be happy.
Im not a greedy jew
k off 1k in two years, are you serious.
Im good with that my friend
If you need to ask why a trustless centralised version of ANYTHING is preferable to a centralised one, why the fuck are you interested in crypto in the first place?
You do understand that you're implicitly trusting the underlying entity providing the data by naming them in the smart contract right?It's only very specific use cases that would require decentralized oracles.You're in the decentralization industry.
Why do you like inefficient unnecessary costs?
My point was more that if you emotionally depend on the validation of a strangers baseless estimation of a possible price in a market like crypto, you're going to have a bad time.
drop the Link bags, buy Chancoin!>#4CHNallday
It means that a number of parties entering into a complex contract agreement, mediated by a smart contract, don't have to worry about what oracles Bank A is using to enter data, or Regulatory Agency B.It means that you can contract with a wide variety of other entities, knowing that the ENTIRE process of the Smart Contract creation and execution is trustless.If you're going to use trusted, centralised oracles you might as well use a trusted, centralised mediator.
It renders the smart contract system less effective and desirable because you're still going through private entities.
implicitly trusting the underlying entity providing the dataYou trust not the providers but the generators.
Providers are nodes and they are financially responsible for presenting altering any data, that is in case they find a way to do so.> Why do you like inefficient unnecessary costs?I dont, but CL isnt targeted at average joes like me, you know?
Big players are interested in extra-security as any mistake can cost them billions.CL gonna protect them from inside jobs and man-in-between attacks.
In case a CL-associated bank loses money, it will be easily possible to find the culprit and make him pay for losses.
It renders the smart contract system less effective and desirable because you're still going through private entities.This is classic "decentralized everything" delusion.
Just because a system CAN be trustless doesn't mean it has to be or that people want it that way.For MOST smart contracts you are dealing with oraclized data from a singular data source.
That source was chosen by the contract drafters -- specifically BECAUSE THEY TRUST IT.
Why would they need to pay Sergay Fagarov and his batallion of LINK faggots?
It's an unnecessary expense in most cases, which you implicitly acknowledged here:>complexHere we agree.
It's only for complex smart contracts that would need this service.
On which case you have a 10x on your hands.
Great.But there are way better investments in crypto than a 10x in 2 years.
Ever heard of dividendcoins?
lol this guy right here is a complete fucking retard hahahaaha.
Can't believe the autism I am reading.
Enjoy your bags>oh boy!
I'll make 10k off 1k by 2020
This guy  is right.
You need to take risks if you want to make it.
I understand your aversion but if you take 100 gambles as good as LINK in your life you'll be mega rich.
I'd say there's AT LEAST a 50% chance of this coin going 100x in the next 2 years.My first foray into crypto was back in March and I bought about $500 of ETH at $17 each.
Looking back, I could have risked a lot more and I wish I did.
At least it gave me a decent bankroll to go into LINK with.LINK really has the same feel as ETH did back then.
Risk as much as you can afford to lose.
It will be worth it.
You only need to 10x your money a few times in life and you'll never have to work again.
You guys are alright, dont go to hodl school tomorrow..I will shill you a nice discord group I just became part ofWe pump on bittrex, +10k members, active channels on trading/rumors and admins who find a good coin to pump and shill.
Last week I made 30% on Bitbean in several trades under 15 minutes and 20% on a Bitbean pump.Join us or stay pajeet faggetshttps://discord.gg/K2TBDXq
same feel as ETHExcellent, Buffet-esque reasoning
It will be faster, cheaper and more efficient to move through a decentralised network.
You are opening the accurate provision of data to an entire marketplace, which is incentivised to provide accurate and fast results, rather than a single player.
By it's very nature, it will be a more competitive system.
Where accuracy and consistency are the incentives applied to a wide range of nodes.
It is absolutely, undoubtedly, a more reliable, robust, efficient and trustless system than going through a centralised oracle.
If you think smart contracts are going to be a big deal (and it's almost impossible at this point to think that they're anything short of revolutionary) then ChainLink's decentralised oracle service is going to be the system that makes every smart contract platform completely trustless.
That is immeasurably valuable.
cheaperBuying some quantity of theoretically high priced LINK vs Oraclize, with no token and fixed prices>cheaperLiterally no it isn't
Not how it works.
Operator fees don't increase with token price, like how ETH tx fees are not 100x what they were in 2016.
(Are you seriously using this dumb argument) There will be market competition between node operators in the network (and with services like Oraclize), bringing about economical prices.
Clients can also choose single operators for data, much like in a centralized service, with no reason for it to be more expensive.
Shill me your dividendcoins.
wait so i have to pay with BTC ?
Yeah, look up how to buy and transfer bitcoin
so i should be buying a coin that have a increase in value every day for a LINK coin that MAYBE will get a increase....
you can pay with ETH too https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=LINK_ETH
a coin that increases in value every daylol do whatever you want
Can we take a moment to appreciate how prescient Sergey was to register smartcontract.com BEFORE Bitcoin was even invented?Forget decentralized peer-to-peer payment systems, smart contracts are what will lead crypto and blockchain tech to trillion dollar valuations.
We can't even comprehend the full range of use cases that will benefit from the reduced costs and increased security of smart contracts.
Sergey clearly recognised this all those years ago.
There's a REASON why SWIFT is interested in Chainlink.
Where did you find this info?
How do we know it was Sergey that registered it?
I am not doubting you but I have heard this before and am trying to find links / proof that this is what happened.
This obviously thickens that plot here..
https://www.whois.com/whois/smartcontract.com
Uh Yea you just described one of the last phases of bag holding.
Its been around long before crypto and isnt some new phenomenon.
Linkies confirmed ignorant and delusional
Why do you think that Link will not succeed and be worth anything?
We gon make it, bros.Fuck the haters.
We're visionaries.
How much link do I need for $200k on the moon?
113K Link here.
Will I make it?
Bro, I love LINK like the rest of you, but go look at SmartContact.com on the way back machine.
It was literally a website that helped you write contacts (on paper).
Nothing to do with crypto and nothing to do with Sergey.
0,87€ EOY130€ at its peak
Linkies confirmed ignorant and delusionalonly if they didn't do their research on this project and bought high during that retarded sibos hype...if you did your research you know how huge this can get, that's why i'm really comfortable holding onto my huge presale stack.one little partnership with a big name like swift would be enough to make this skyrocket.
buy the rumor, sell the news.
if it goes nowhere, though shit, only a problem if you went all in, which is always a stupid thing to do.
Just putting 34k will get you 200k at 1 dollar
Yes I believe the domain was transferred to Sergey, although it still happened very very early4464232
HOW LONG DO I HAVE UNTIL LINK MOONS?
THERE IS NO DOUBT IN MY HEAD THAT THIS IS THE NEXT ETH BUT I'M TOO FUCKING POOR TO BUY A RESPECTABLE AMOUNT RIGHT NOW SO I NEED TIME.
WHEN WILL IT REALISTICALLY HAPPEN?
Yeah tbf I didn't look into the exact specifics but Sergey must have moved pretty early to buy it or else someone else would have snapped it up before him.
It's not like he had the money back then to spend thousands on a domain either
you will get time haha
0,87€ EOYBitcoin will most likely keep going up with the introduction of CME futures and Chainlink team will continue the development until February 2018 at the earliest so don't expect any big news until then.This Bitcoin rally will most likely push it down to 10-12 cents in the upcoming months during this continuous alts massacre.But LINK's time will come for sure, I'm just being realistic here.
this 
but it's eoy.
companies are finalizing the year.
checking milestones.
setting new.
upadating road maps.
and that kind of shit.
so I am sure there will be some announcement or at least some precise outlooks.
and besides.. >proof of concept demo at SIBOS>exposure to industry>negotiations like this can easily take 3 months expect news eoy
For MOST smart contracts you are dealing with oraclized data from a singular data source.Source on this "most" thing.And the point is that decentralized oracles can be used for complex transactions like pic related, and also for simple transactions.Centralized oracles would only work for simple transactions, not complex transactions like pic related.It would be impossible to get all the parties in pic related to use an external centralized oracle like Oraclize; those parties would much rather just set up their own oracles in such a case.
Fuck off back to /PolYou guys don't deserve to get link gains
high priced LINKConfirmed for having zero clue what you're talking about.Protip: Link goes to 18 decimals.
Link tokens could be a trillion a pop, and you could still pay a node $0.01 worth of Link.
There is an announcement in december but they didn't specify the dateWhat announcement?
I didn't see anyone mentioning any announcements in Slack.But you're just guessing or hoping there would be an announcement...As I said, they're rewriting the current code in another programming language and that'll take some time.Once they finish that part, main net goes live and Rory said something along the lines of "once the main net goes live, then all those partnerships will become a reality".It's safe to say that they'll put all of their effort towards finishing up the development so the network is 100% ready for mainstream use.Rory also said they can't give us an ETA on this just yet but only as they get closer to the release.I expect it to moon during this time when we receive the ETA because everyone knows what comes after that.
When can i move my links to a proper exchange instead of the piece of shit ones it's on now?
will i make it with 4.5k
What announcement?I think they're referring to the fact that Swift is going to announce their decision regarding the Hyperledger Fabric proof of concept they did in the context of GPI (Swift's flagship cross-border payments project).Link has virtually nothing to do with that however; people are just getting confused because this was another crypto PoC that was going on at the same time as the Link PoC.>inb4 "so Link wasn't Swift's only crypto PoC after all !
"Link was the only EXTERNAL crypto dev doing a PoC.Swift is a founding member of Hyperledger, so the Hyperledger Fabric PoC was an internal crypto development.
you're just guessing or hopingno, I literally assume it.
I mean.. it's not unusual for companies to check if they met their goals or to enhance with new etc.
yadda yadda.
and because they are aware of the lack of communication this might be some sort of pleasing finish of the year.
of course... it will be more empowered once they are done with some negotations etc.
>just assuming that at least SOME news will be released to help price growthalso: they are hiring.
it would be more than illuminating how news about new team members would affect the curve.
just imagine no news at all.
then news.
we hired person XYZ.
>chainlink to 0,50$ that would be freaggin' hilarious
Oh yeah, I figured that might be the "news".The only good news we could get at this point would be if they finally hired someone.That would mean that they're getting more help and possibly finishing the development earlier than expected.And it would be reassuring to the public that there's more people working on it since the team is so tiny.
that's what I mean.
if THIS would be the first "big news" after SIBOS ... and if THIS would help the price to go significantly up ... >linkies will be comfy beyond af
Why the fuck would they need 32 million to work on something Sergey and his bumbuddy are doing in the basement?
since the team is so tiny.Who knows how many code monkeys and project managers they hired so far.This isn't something that's typically made public.
hookers and blow
4465218most of the cash is used for fast food
Why does every other project have $30mil ICO?I mean it does seem a lot of money for a team of two but they need to pay the advisors at the start, those "community managers", then they need to hire more developers.Those developers will need to maintain the network in the future if it's to be used by all those big institutions.They'll also be hiring a marketing team so when you look back two years from now, that adds up to a lot of expenses no matter the starting team's size.Typically, crypto projects announce when someone new joins the team.But you never know what's going on with these autists.
Typically, crypto projects announce when someone new joins the team.Even code monkeys?
good point.
developers usually give shits where ever they can.
Guess not code monkeys but there are teams who add new "developers" and introduce them to the public.We don't know what those developers do or if the teams hire actual code monkeys behind the scenes.Rory said he was only "sorting the resumes" but that it'll be up to Sergey to decide who they hire.
So it seems like they still haven't hired anyone.
Gonna enjoy my front row seat.
mfv LINK is worth 0.0000000$ come december
They'll also be hiring a marketing teamimagine that...
Rory mentioned it like a month ago.We never heard about it again.
rory is not a real person m8
Post the link army rankings copypasta.
did you retards honestly hold all this time?
What do you guys think the bottom will be for link?
i am waiting on side right now but want to get in soon.
Depends on how high BTC goes and how long it goes without news.
It could easily go below ICO at this point because of the market.
that graph is going to look like the tiniest blip soon enough.
how the fuck did it became so popular?
The patient will be rewarded.But yeah it'd be great if you knew where the bottom is and increased the stack along the way.
You bet.I have a LOT more confidence in the Chainlink project than I do in how "the market" behaves.Chainlink is objectively Chad-like in every aspect (massive use case, rock-solid fundamentals, world-class exposure among the global financial elite); while "the market" is a blob of hysterically shrieking feminazis secretly craving the Chadcock.
cool man.Yea, shame you put your patience in one of the worst performers on that time frame though, anon.
:( best of luck.Oh dear.
do you know what the initial ICO was?
seems 16 cents for LINK is very cheap.
I bought a few k of ETH last week, and waiting the withholding limit time period to expire, then probably buying link.
but might wait till i see a lower price before getting in.
Oh dear.Search your heart, you know I speak the truth.
No, because the supply will just be diminishing.
Nobody of the whales and top wallets would sell it at that prices.
This is just idiotic to assume.
It is just the ADHD degenerates that can't hold something for more than a few weeks that sell and get cold feet.Top wallets are actually increasing their Link as you can read yourself when following cryptotakeoff.4466154The only question is on "how long" you have to be patient.
Because every day missing out on the BTC rally and not just buying in a few weeks is creating humongous costs of opportunity, where you could also increase your LINK stack if you bought later.
But I guess there is no chance to time the market right on this one.
If there is big news, then it is +300% in a matter of days.
muh dik
It was a great performer after the ICO, I just didn't take profits and that's my fault.Even if I had sold the top, I still would've rebought now under 2000 sats.>The only question is on "how long" you have to be patient.My previous posts were about this.I believe we'll start gaining serious traction in Q1/Q2 2018 as that's when the main net is supposed to go online.I didn't sell before but now it's kinda too late.
Sure it can still go lower if Bitcoin keeps going up but I'm at this point where's it's so cheap it's not worth risking anymore.I'll just hold for a few months, I think it'll be worth it in the long run.
Link having 99% of its circulating supply in whale wallets is what worries me a bit, it's possible that the moment link reaches a good amount like $1 those whales will instantly dump their million-heavy bags and dump the price back to below icoit's NEVER good for a coin to have so much of its supply in whale hands
forgot to
a single digit % is actually being traded.
yeah sorry meant to say total available supply not circulating supply
In a short timeframe then it may possibly not be very awesome and could drive the price down.
On a mid to long term prospective it is totally irrelevant how much circulating supply is in top wallets.
If the product is good, hype is real, use cases are there and billion dollar companies implementing the product then the price will adapt very quickly.
It is just about demand.
And demand could raise astronomically in a short time.And if they don't sell it, they will release the other 650m token to stabilize the thing, I guess.
So the success is not dependent on some pajeets hoarding and never selling the coins.
I came from polYou should buy Confido.
Every coin has whales.Whales usually invest for the long-term.
I don't see them dumping millions worth of LINK at a $350m market cap.They won't be doing themselves any favors doing that.
LINK has a great long term potential, they might sell tiny amounts every now and then but whales know not to dump their own holdings to the point it hurts the market.Those locked tokens won't even matter in the long term.
They will be slowly released over an extended period of time to the point they won't bring any harm to the price of LINK.
Yeah, whales are whales because they have big amounts of money.
And the big advantage of it is actually being able to be patient much easier.They usually buy something at a good entry point, then they lie in wait because they are not dependent on it.
The coins can lie 3 years in a wallet and it doesn't matter to him because he has 20 other coins with similar amount invested.So he can just wait until the timing is right and the investment paid off.
He won't sell at a loss as well.
XMR, LINK, OMG
Because every day missing out on the BTC rally and not just buying in a few weeks is creating humongous costs of opportunitythat's called fomo m8...bitcoin is extremely overhyped right now due to the futures shenanigans and everyone is thinking it's going straight to $100k.
i know it's extremely painful to miss out on such a run, especially when the stuff you're holding isn't doing so hot.
just remember that market sentiment can change very quickly, you can't time that shit, otherwise you'd be richer than warren buffet in like a week.
the futures shenanigansAre you a pothead?
yeah, but not the stuttering kind.
Do you guys buy chainlink with bitcoin?
nah, with bitbean.
ETH went straight up after the ICO you newfag lying shit.
The ICO of ethereum was 1 btc = 2000 eth and at the time 1 btc was about $300
with eth, as a BTC transfer takes too long and is too expensive
Link fever will soon spread like wildfire
yet another deluded linkies thread.
granted this is my favorite biz meme.
stand strong marines!
% of BTC's marketcap will flow into LINK soon, just wait!
well 90% of /biz/'s marketcap has already flown into LINK
4464862your bulls won't prep themselves, leftycucks
Linkie bagholders
 cents a coinIm gonna buy a few hundred bucks worth of these shits.
Here's hoping I get rich.
you just made a big mistake...
HODLREQ, RCN, >SWING or HODL:XMR, LTC, ETH, BCH
I bought about 2000 link at 17 cents.
I feel much better now knowing that I'll be on board the rocket if it ever launches.
I need 5000 LINKS and it to hit 60b market cap, so 160$ per LINK.
That would be 800k and -30% tax about 500k and with 10% interest in stocks 50k a year so pretty decent life with 50k a year and no working
Exactly.
Actually I don't even care about losing some thousands with a steady income when it has a good chance to multiply exponentially.
I don't wanna miss it and kick myself all over.
The signs are too good for me.
If you don't see them: fuck off and don't buy it.
In the case of losing I'd just try it again with other investments until I make it or die.
I don't give a rats ass really about losing a couple of thousands when I am not starving.
The chance is just too good to miss out.
If I had the same mindset with BTC/ETH and some other top market cap coins I'd already not be talking to you assholes but rather get my dick sucked by 10/10 blondes on Caribbean Islands.
What's a good price to enter at?
Want to get 15000 link.
My ETH keep going up.
damn.
It currently is.
0.14$ was the lowest.
Occasionally it drops from 0.16-0.18$ to 0.15$, which would be a solid buy.
From time to time it pumps to 0.20-0.24$ only to retrace completely to 0.17$ish again.
Good for flipping, but also a chance to miss out completely.
#4CHNallday
What should I do with my POWR gains right now?
RCN or XMR?
I've got more funds coming in to buy LINK so because that's going to stay low a while so I won't rush in.
Do you know what the ICO was initially offered at?
this fucking chancoin pajeet is tenacious as fuck trying to scam his little scamcoin for MONTHS now....8 BTC volumeLOL
Really needs to market it as a 'fun hobbycoin' for 4chan enthusiasts rather than a way to get rich.
This anon has the right idea, gotta take risks to make it.
just purchased 15,000+ link, hopefully this will pay off.
gl, godspeed!
godspeed sir
You idiot you will lose 50% of your stack like the rest of us.
I finally cut these chains and am already making a profit.
There is no way but down for LINK this year.
If I had the same mindset with BTC/ETH and some other top market cap coins I'd already not be talking to you assholes but rather get my dick sucked by 10/10 blondes on Caribbean Islands.Same m8, I'm glad I learned to be bold at a young age.
Made the mistake of not putting more into eth back in Feb.
Worst case scenario LINK can only go to 0
yea oraclize it's great, that's why smart contracts are so popular in real world usage.. oh waitpepe baller present in the thread?check/thread
it's ok, i have a $90k plus gov db pension job.
losing a few k i can handle.
gg and godspeed bro!
any of ye willing to send me 62 link so I have a nice round number and I can stop trading?
also, this
sent ;)
I like that picture.That is the thing.
If you are a poor pajeet trying to survive you do "daytrading".
If you make a decent living or even wagecucking there is no reason to not invest.
Those few thousands bucks won't change anything about the life situation.
But if you don't take any chances and cling to your some bucks then you stay definitely poor, that is assured.
I like that picture.I always think of it when I feel my hands getting weak
retarded pajeet
Link is an anti-moon coin.
It keeps finding ways to depreciate in value.
4461054Yes, dreaming is fun.
Just make sure to do it moderately and to keep an eye on reality so you don't delude yourself.
buy link now or wait till it dropped some more??
any idea when there will be some more news?
if we knew we wouldn't be making these threadsI think AT MOST we'll wait a year before we get some actionat LEAST, next month
it needs a bit more fudding during another BTC bullrun, maybe you get lucky and some poor sap panic sells at 5 cents.
also, it's a nice price to get in, might go down 100sats or something but I don't see it going any lower (unless BTC hits 10k in the next hour)
unless BTC hits 10k in the next hour)at this point i wouldn't be surprised
I also want to remind you guys of the power of meming.
I used to be a /tv/ lurker and there most of the threads were bane/planecrash threads.
This eventually led to a real plane crash.
Here on /biz/ most threads are link threads, so this will probably eventually lead to chainlink mooning.
It's the same thing.
just keep on meming guys.
I believe in your meming powers!
Link Fever?
You mean Link Cuckoldry.
This is not true.
The whale wallets you see include 650 million of smartcontract.com reserves.
I think less than 30 wallets have over a million link
Should I buy now at 15 cents?
there's resistance at 15 cents, would take some word to break below 15 cents.
14 cent was the absolute low from the chart.
Right now there is no way to use USD to buy most shitcoins, so you have to use USD to buy BTC and then swap with a shitcoin like LINK.
this is the most memed fucking coin here.
is this shit for real because I am thinking about throwing some money at it just for the fuck of it.
TFW LINK goes down further each day, while everything else is going upfeelsbadman
throw a measly $150 at it.
Then if it moons to $100 in two years you be sitting on a nice 140k
Hold your own LINKs in MEW (MyEtherWallet)
is MEW better than Binance?
It's always better to hold your coins off the exchange.
How do I make sure MEW is safe?
i first tested out Binance by transferring like $20 in there before purchasing 15,000 link contracts.And I posted my address on 4chan before, and had a snippet of my wallet on my computer.Today, I created a new wallet, and going to transfer everything to it, and keep it offline.
Don't have any private keys stored on my computer at all.
Hope that will keep it safe.Hope one yr from now i'll be rich.
How do I make sure MEW is safe?If you are storing stuff offline, what are you asking exactly?
making sure my private key keeps out of reach.how do i ensure that lol?
chainlink is basically the entity that ties all smart contracts together in a decentralized network that is up 24/7 and secure.
It cuts out a lot of middlemen and brings more trust into the whole contract.
since LINK is compatible with the SWIFT ISO it can basically connect directly to bank accounts and instantly enforce a contract and move money around.since IoT is also the future other decentralized systems will also connect to the chainlink network to gain access to data from banks n shieeete.
you've got that backwards chainlink IS the middleman that will be cut
if your key was obtained on an internet connected PC or a connected device then it could be compromised.
Get a Ledger Nano S, hardware wallet is the safest, or creating your private key on an air gapped system.
Otherwise it's compromised.
uh, no
Why?
Swift needs Chainlink.
It solves their 'Our current centralized oracles can't be trusted moving Trillions of dollars around' problem.
I am using my ether wallet right now.
Got 15,000+ link.
I printed the wallet off and download that Jorden key or something.
Scary.
You are right probably get nano s. Any deals?
Pretty pricey
4474899The fact that you have to purchase bitcoins or altcoins over a network means they are always going to be somewhat compromised, same when you use the exchange to sell them.
https://www.buybitcoinworldwide.com/wallets/
Contract, not contact you fool.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'peer to peer cash' was surely, innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies will cause the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
$160 per link?
Come on dude this is why we’re known as deluded stinky linkies, stop that shit
-30% taxWhat the fuck with 30%?
I remember people like you saying the same for Ethereum at $0.50 cents
Relax, this smug anime girl is a LINK holder.
Well based on the anon's other smug anime girl posts.