What's going on?
Who knows.
I've always been cautious of tether.
I don't know really where else I can hide from crashes though.
im almost all in now on USDT
USDT is a token not redeemable for real currency.
Read the TOS.buy something low risk like ethereum or ripple or convert to FIAT
I'd recommend Bitshares, because I'm making sick gainz on the DEX right now..or stay with your centralized manipulated bullshit.
just bought 100k
If I go fiat I'm taxed, unless I keep it at an exchange.
I'm thinking of buying ether although that will very likely go down a considerable amount along with Bitcoin soon enough.
Im in the US lets say I go into USD wallet on coinable is that a taxed event if I leave it on coinbase in USD and not send it to my bank account
coinbase*
every transaction you make it taxed so it really doesnt matter
every trade you make is a taxable barter event.
The IRS has not given any indication that it falls under like kind exchange rules.So basically your net profits from trading are taxable to your income tax bracket unless you held over 365 days.
All your small trades are taxed you cuck
the way I see it, they'll just split the chain if you lose any.
It is yes, all your small trades even if crypto to crypto is taxable
HAHA wtf I make like 100 trades a day AAAAA MOMMY
I'm not American
this.use ETH/Ripple to hold, they've proven stability for many months now.
ya you're fucked especially if you're using an exchange where you went through the KYC process and they have your personal details.
They'll forward your transaction history to the IRS
Wait what?
I'm in Finland and I have believed I am only taxed with the capital gains tax on the sum that I deposit to my bank account.
Do I really have to declare each trade?
fuckem Im in the neet tier bracket anyways only made 5k profits in crypto
i assume everyone asking tax questions are burgers... don't ask an american forum for finnish tax questions
Fug, it's just that I'm a bit nervous now
europoors tend to make fun of USA trading tax laws, so you might be in luck.your income taxes are higher so i don't think your countries bother taxing trades
tether getting hacked isn't going to effect you directly in the short term.
Their business model had no real customers.
The problem now comes from this artificial inflation of money propping up btc.
Tethers released this statment of being hacked on 11/19, the same day bitfinex released theirs.
This is a coordinated event.
This is likely to cause an investigation by the government
your overall profits minus your overall losses is what you owe tax on.
it's pretty safe to just claim your overall gains desut.
not a tax attorney