Whend did you realize HODL is the biggest joke of cryptos?
last night
Yesterday when NEO dumped from 625 to 500
When my 20 bitcoins went from being worth nothing to almost $170,000
When IOTA hit $1 and proceeded to crash back to 17 cents
WHEN MY COINS DIDN'T MOON IN A WEEK AND GIVE ME A LAMMMMBOOOOOOOOO LIKE YOU PROMISED REEEEEEEEE
hmm it worked for me when i bought eth at 17$ a token
Watching OMG, Chainlink, and Obsidian all go parabolic and dump.
Every single coin goes parabolic at some point, no exceptions.
HODL only works for BTC
When all my trading made me less money than if I would just have hedl Bitcoin.
Seriously BTC is the only coin who deserves the hodl meme
HODL only works if u hold BitcoinHODL is a meme that is pushed around here to make sure it easier to get better exit.if all people were profitseeking when it came to alts shit would be 10x harder
I look for 1-2% (or more if lucky) profits of my total networth each day.
And after that I get the fuck out.
In june-august when alts crashed -70%
youre supposed to hodl btc.
who told you it was for everything?
buy a PnD coin and HODL it
Fucking dimwits.
HOLDING works when you have a large timemframe.
But you average ADHD monkeys can't even fathom to hold something 1 year or longer, and that is why you will NEVER make it.All the reliable x100-x1000 came from holding certain coins for 1-3 years.
Even VTC is the latest proof of an successful altcoin which you only had to hold.
Even DMD did x12 or something just by holding a year.
holding is for richfags who can buy the dips without selling the tops
Been holding since 2016.
Initial investment plus some over 2 years less than 15k.
Portfolio currently at $347k.
Not bad for doing next to nothing.
yeah i learned this the hard way.
ive lost 80% of my portfolio because i listened to dickheads here and just "held".
views HODL as hold the coin until it sinks rather than HODL investment until it closes (Either stop loss which you already decided you would jump ship at or first profit target where you employ a trailing stop to maximize potential gainz)
Sooo...hodl doesnt work for ether xmr
things that didn't happen
Sooo...hodl doesnt work for ether xmr?
it works, but if you're chasing big gains, you gotta get in them shitcoins.
Hodl works for bitcoin because the high price keeps all the tards with $100 away.
All the alts get rekt because normies have destroyed the market.