I fucking hate cryptocurrency.
I hate the community, I hate reading about it, I hate researching different shitcoins, I hate checking the prices of said shitcoins, I hate every last thing about it.
I don't believe in any of it whatsoever, it's literally just neckbeards and weird CS faggots trading air with each other.
There is no future with any cryptocurrency on any single shitty ass Bitcuck exchange.
The only potential lies with blockchain tech, but companies will just use it for backend work.
I just want retards to keep inflating the price of these worthless internet chuck e cheese tokens, by continuing to shovel their money at them until it's high enough that I can cash out my Hypernovacoin and DroidiCash or whatever the fuck and be a free man.
Stop buying garbage.
Buy LINK
Never in a million years would I buy your dripping, shit-filled bags.
Money is practically air.
US dollars are just printed to control deflation.
So much so that the US Federal Reserve is the most profitable corporation in the world.
And all they do is reprint the same image on a piece of paper and people buy it up like it's Angelina Jolie's butthole.
Cryptocurrencies are better because at least you have to do actual work to produce more.
In fact, if they take over, there will be massive deflation which may destroy the world economy.
Just join bitconnect already
Get real dude.>Sir that will be .00001 Bitcoin>Okay, let me just pull out my wallet here...>Sorry sir, the price went up, that item is now .000015629 Bitcoin
Sorry sir, the price went up, that item is now .000015629 Bitcointhis shit is why i dont believe in crypto as a useful means of currency; its too fucking volatile
I feel you.
But real money is similar.
It is basically thin air.
But I am also just trying to make as much money out of it as possible since this is literally one of the few chances in these times to actually make big amounts of money.
Just never give up trying.
i unironically love it all lmao, op maybe change job
doesnt work like that.. the price is locked
Falling for the blockchain, not crypto!
memeThe blockchain is useless for centralized databases or for storing large amounts of data.
I already use it in my businesses.It's very simple, you take the average of one week, and use that for the next week.
And you do the same every week at sunday during the night.Any business that try to do it in direct time is insane, and try to do it daily would actually lose money.Weekly smoothes out most fluctuations except the big ones, and to be honest i do not give one single fuck about those since BTC will always be higher in the future.Also, i make sure to advertise that paying in crypto means a 25% freebie.
Of course, i don't tell them i actually just raised the fiat price by 25% and the crypto price is actually the normal one.
I already use it in my businesses.yeah ok m80 nice larp post
The volatility wouldn't be so high if everyone wasn't just treating this as a way to get rich.
People would just invest in what they believe in and hold.Personally I believe in LINK
I even use the function in bitflyer where you can transfer between bitflyer accounts for an extra 5% freebie, this is good for me despite the lose of profit since more people with an exchange account, more people that put money into crypto.
fuck off u delusionsal fuck.
the US army stands behind the dollar.who stands behind btc?
oh yeah i forgot a bunch of shilling greasy neckbeards
that's why you will never make it, you're just a greedy cuck who doesn't believe in what he's investing
The US army does not stand behind the dollar.
What do you think they would do if the dollar suddenly crashed due to hyper-inflation and there wasn't any way for the government to compensate them for their service?
in case the US goes belly up meme coins will surely be the #1 store of value.
man u are a retarded.
my Hypernovacoin and DroidiCashthanks OP
I don't believe in any of it whatsoeverClearly you've never tried to buy 100 tabs of acid off the internet using fiat.
thats not how money is created, money is created when people take loans
With that many Juans and Tyrons in a territory, my bet is on bullets in such a situation.
this.
volatility will become relatively minimal, comparable to forex, when major adoption occursthis is irrelevant anyway, because in the future payment methods will have real-time volatility equalizers where the price is adjusted the instant currency value changes