Guys, i'm living in pure hell in 3rd world country.
I don't have fucking bed, my salary is around 300$, i even shit in fucking bucket.
Where should i invest all my savings?
Around 500$.
Ty biz, god bless you all.
Neo until monday
monero
where do u shi- I mean live anon?
neo rn ishot, china waking up
Well, technically in Ukraine (Donbass).
But nowadays it's Russian territory (also technically).
I'm in fucking war zone.
I hope for you that your shit bucket won't be hit by a bullet.
Yeap, thank you.
Probably i will survive.
O c'mon, life could be much much worse, you could be like all the deluded cucks here holding LINK.
Don't take biz's adviceMove to europe as a refugee
Well, it's time to clean my bucket.
honest question, if i go to one of these eastern yuro countries, how much is it to bang 10/10 hookers?
can you get teen girls (i mean 16-18 range easily)
Assuming any of this is true, put half in BTC and half in ETH.
Wait 2 years, and live like a 'king'.
/10?
Around 150$ for an hour.
True, lol.
Can take some pictures of my "home".
Not sure someone would be interested in this.
Some advice anon
OP you should become a professional gamer and retire with $100k like other Ukrainians do
If I travel there and other eastern bloc countries as an American, will I be treated kindly?
Will women give me easy sex?
I'm tall and white if that helps.
Probably local "soldiers" will kill you.
I would stay clear of war zones.I just want to see the landscape, make some friends and give some girthy dick to a local girl
Well, you can try.
As far as i know you can get a 10/10 hooker in Kiev for almost nothing.
Not sure about Russia.
Not hookers, manDo eastern euro girls like american men?
For things other than their wallet
Yes, they are.
I mean some average low/middle class girl will suck a soul from you for potenatial green card.
She can pretend that she loves you :) Never trust slav women, especially from poor families.
i even shit in fucking bucketat least you don't poo in the loo like fucking pajeets.
Even in the middle of a war zone you're still better.
Do like most Ukrainians and move to the Baltics to work for peanuts.I see a lot of them recently in the morning bus in dirty work clothes, ugly, smelly and unshaven.
I do feel sorry for them though.
Not sure i can.
I mean i can't leave my dad, who is barely walking.
But thank you for advice, god bless you.
Guess i gonna buy a small piece of btc
look into blockmason, i know its getting shilled a lot around here but its a low market cap high potential coin