In Australia, as a stimulus measure, it is possible to get an instant write-off for an asset purchase up to 20k.
You can do this multiple times, it's just that an individual asset can't exceed 20k (otherwise you need depreciation over multiple years).I can do this with my company.
I'll have over 40k to spend this financial year (ending June 30 in Australia).Any ideas what i should buy?
Last financial year I bought a couple of websites from flippa.
I think I will make my money back but it's a pain having to spend time managing these websites.
Yes, buying a business counts as an asset.What you can't do is buy a financial investment.
I can't buy 20k of shares and write it off.I'm thinking of buying drones that I could rent out, or diesel generators.
But that's going to require work arranging each rental.
I'm not lazy I just have lots of shit to do with my day job.
If I could buy something and lease it out long term that could be good.
I was thinking about buying a carpark in the city but in Australia these start around $40k so over the limit.
But that would be good because they can be leased long term.
Let me know if you have any ideas.
k Australian dollars?Is that it?Fuck lad here in UK the AIA is £200,000 for plant, machinery and some intangibles plus first year write down allowance of 100% on certain items - mostly energy saving stuff / electric cars.
What's AIA stand for?There's no upper limit on the total that can be claimed, it's a max of $20k per item, can be any item.
This is only in relation to first year write down, here called "instant write off".
So it's 100% instant write off on any asset purchase up to $20k and there can be an unlimited number of these purchases.
If a single purchase goes over $20k then you still can write it off but you need to do it over multiple years.
Also sorry to answer your question:Buy a fat stack of ASIC miners and start blasting out ETH / BTC / BCH
Hmm, that could actually be a really good idea.
AIA is annual investment allowance - any company or group can write off up to £200,000 in the first year, any excess is put into depreciation pools.
it isn't
Hmmm.. yeah.
I wonder how long those take to make their money back.
Now that I think of it they would lose value pretty fast as new ASICs come out.
So limited resell value I'm assuming without looking deeper into it.
How much is electricity down under?
That is the biggest limiting factor.
We used to have cheap electricity but it's becoming some of the most expensive in the world due to left wing governements thinking climate change is real.But in theory I could buy the ASIC and have it run somewhere overseas.
I'm sure there are hosting facilities that offer that.
But I think the prob is bigger and better ASICs are going to be withheld from the retail market so I'd always be behind the curve.
Hmm, GBP 200k is like AUD 350k... so that would be a pretty good deal.
our electricity is just way too expensive, if you want to try feel free but for the experiment just get the one antminer, you're too late for S9 so your goal is to get S11 or whatever they call it as early as you possibly can.
you won't get in before bitmain, partners, whales, preferred customers, previous customers.
try to find someone to hook you up, or at the very least be at the first run off the website.
at that point if you can steal power you'll have a margin, if not you'll 'profit' if the price of BTC goes up down the line, economically you'll be losing if you're buying normal grid powermost of the /biz mining faggots are literally just stealing from their parents
Surely you can just pay a tribe of abbos in paint stripper to run on a abbo-hamster wheel to power the ASICs?
I had an idea, maybe I could setup a leasing business, and lease laptops or something like that.
Do it on an on-demand basis.
That's one I'm going to run by my accountant.
mate if you're able to get those cunts to do fucking anything you sure as hell won't be needing any crypto