>"buy at the dip">it's just another entrance to the ride


4418585blockstream shills are producing memes almost as shit as shareblue did
BCASHSpotted the coreling shillThey have an agreed upon script in this psy-op.
The easiest way to distinguish between them, the organized shills, and normal people who just happen to believe in core over cash, is that they always insist on using the term "bcash" because they agreed over on their subreddits and in their channels that it's the most effective way to undermine the bitcoin part of bitcoin cash.
That is why you will never see them say "bitcoin cash" or even "BCH".It's truly das judenmark and they mark themselves.Be woke my friends.
Humans naturally shorten things.Do you say "Hang on, I'll search it with Google" or do you say "Hang on, I'll Google it"?
yep I put 10 btc in at .11 easy gains
No one believes you.
If you were shortening you'd write bch or BCH like everyone else.
Stay transparent though.
Your organized shilling will only backfire when it's so obvious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jVsdEZqdhA
4418585
Syllables.
"Bit_coin_cash""B_C_H""B_cash"One of these is shorter than the others to say
I say I'll search it because I don't use things from cancerous companies like Alphabet.
And you're typing, not speaking.
I honestly think bcash is a neutral term, is not an attempt to mask the actual "Bitcoin cash" name, and is one that will be adopted by more and more people who are aware of bitcoin cash but are unaware of the politics/war between the two currencies.To reiterate, I don't think it's an attempt to remove the word "bitcoin" from the name.
I think its just developed because people are lazy.
Bitcoin double top looming on the edge of a cliff
I SOLD AT THE DIP FUCK YOU MAN I WISH I STAYED FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKILL ME PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZ KKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLL MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
No, you're facetious and you are well aware of what you're trying to do by using it.
BCash sounds awkward and awful.I've never seen a single person use the term that isn't vehemently anti BCH, and it only started being used to any significant degree on this board after BCH started seriously threathening BTC.
You wouldn't be aware of that though because you're not from this board.
I sincerely wish you the best in life.
I love you very much and I always will love you, no matter what you do.Never forget how amazing a person you are.
You just have to buy the dip and HODLWe 1,300 soon
Well I can't buy the dip now can I?
It's below the ATH, right?
Yeah but I fucking sold at the dip dude, I go back in at a huge loss, it's $450 up since then
Just try to imagine being a corecuck right now.
They fucking KNOW the writing is on the wall but they can't bring themselves to admit it.
They so wanted it to be over, but it won't be over until high-fee coin is dead.
This is an accurate description as to how I've been feeling, it'd be easier for me to switch over if I didn't dislike Jihan every bit as much as I dislike Blockstream.
is this blast offthis line its on right now is mirror lineif it breaks we see last weekend at least .25
> treating crypto like a sport and supporting "teams"Confirmed never going to make it
Even Bitfinex calls it BCash.
cant be this bad, right
lol
"Bitch" is pretty easy to say
what did the order book mean by this
If you dislike both Blockstream and Jihan, the best thing that can happen for you is the flippening.There will be major coverage and news about miner politics and it will cause a tremendous stigma to BCH/BTC and POW coins in general for a long time.
It will also change people's views on whether a coin is "too big to ever really drop".BCH murdering BTC very much paves the way for better tech with better governing communities and models to eventually reach first place.I predict that if the flippening happens, the first major moon of ethereum right before or after it goes proof of stake is going to cause a second flippening in favor of ETH.
You mean the tether jews that have been conjuring it into existence in far larger quantities than there would naturally be demand for in order to prop up the price of BTC through outbidding other pairings in USD value of currency offered per BTC?Not exactly surprised.