Bitfinex creates 20m new Tethers and the price shot up.
Nothing to see here.
everyone and their mother started opening long positions and there wasnt enough people lending.
bitfinex gets tether to meet the demand.i dont see the problem here.
Nah man clearly its because bitcoin is digital gold and storage of value.
Who caaaaares
We don't have enough funds to cover long positions>Lets print more!
all those years where it did nothing, I just thought the world would never give much of a fuck about it
obvious ponzi is obvious
wish I bought then
It's fine guys.
Nothing to see.
Not a bubble.
you are retarded
Fuck off, retard.
4246143look at these low level kikes trying to shuddidownwhat a couple of dipshits
BTC doomers at it again.
Why do you exert so much effort into spilling bullshit if not because you're all salty nocoiners.
You fuckers are the only people pushing this narrative here on /biz/ without a single drop of evidence.
If what you say really is the sole purpose of pushing the price up - the entire fucking internet would be on top of it.
Srsly, just fuck off already.
i dont see the problem here.What a fucking retard, this is why they're doing whatever the fuck they want
Thats how fiat money works.
Read it up.
Never forget kids, Tethers are not redeemable for real money.
They only need to have 3-10% of the money thats printed.Banks with between $15.2 million and $110.2 million in deposits have a reserve requirement of 3%, and banks with over $110.2 million in deposits have a reserve requirement of 10%.Read more: Reserve Requirements https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/requiredreserves.asp#ixzz4xqYCKxHr Follow us: Investopedia on Facebook
4247037"As an example, assume a bank had $200 million in deposits and is required to hold 10%.
The bank is now allowed to lend out (print) $2 billion"
bitcoin is over.
it's only purpose now is to liquidate greedy new money with the use of USDt.
buy a promosing alt that you think will have real use case and hold it.
ignore BTC.
this fake market will not last for too long.
all it takes is a bunch of people trying to withdraw actual money and this pyramid scheme will collapse.
if you think smart money and financial institutions will put money on BTC, you're insane.
keep trying to make fake tether gains, and just hope that it doesn't all vanish by tomorrow lol.
it will be fun watching btc go down 1000% when this shit bursts.
hahahaha
Kek when this tether fraud explodes bitcoin will drop to sub 2015 pricesI'd like to see the face of the bitcoin shills on this thread.
Probably the average american, 90-115iq, wagecuck who believes btc will go up foreverIf btc drops to 4k in a couple of weeks you should be thankful.
The climb is on steroids, it needs a hard correction
I gave your Mum a hard correction just before she brought your tendies downstairs.
this is a fucking joke.
Tether is not a bank.
It isn't regulated like a bank, and so "Reserve Requirements" are meaningless.
The reason Tether is bullshit is because it cannot be redeemed.
NOBODY CAN TRANSFER USD FROM BITFINEX.
TETHERS CANNOT BE REDEEMED.If they were regulated bankers that would make me feel comfortable desu.
You need to be careful anon.
i mean at worst they have 0% reserves wich is not much better than 3% desu
Can't believe we live in a system of such elaborate, concealed slavery posing as freedom.>Be a (((bank)))>Own x usd>Lend it all out on interest>After interest money pours in, lend it all out on interest>After interest interest money pours in, lend all out on interest>After interest interest interest money pours in, lend it all out on interest>Repeat until i've lent 300x total>???????
?>(((Jews)))
It's like these retards still didn't realize BTC/USD is also pareid against a fractional reserve currency.Muh Tether FUDsters need killing.