INTRODUCING THE BLOCKNET:THE INTERNET OF BLOCKCHAINSWhat Is a Decentralized Exchange?A decentralized exchange is a service enabling counterparties (which may be people or machines) to exchange one currency or token for another, without the involvement of any third party as an intermediary.The term “decentralized” denotes matters of control rather than the distribution of processing; the ideal of a decentralized solution is for the parties to a given interaction to be self-sovereign actors, in the sense that no third party is required to act on their behalf in order for the interaction to take place.The following is a list of coins which have been tested and are confirmed to be supported:BitBay (BAY), Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Blocknet (BLOCK), Dash (DASH), Decred (DCR), Digibyte (DGB), Dogecoin (DOGE), Dynamic (DYN), GameCredits (GAME), Faircoin (FAIR), HShare (HSR), LBRY Credits (LBC), Litecoin (LTC), Monacoin (MONA), MonetaryUnit (MUE), Namecoin (NMC), NavCoin (NAV), Particl (PART), Peercoin (PPC), PIVX (PIVX), Potcoin (POT), Qtum (QTUM), Sequence (SEQ), Stratis (STRAT), Syscoin (SYS), Vericoin (VRC), Verge (XVG), Vertcoin (VTC), ViaCoin (VIA)In addition, Blocknet will also support Ethereum(ETH) and all ERC20 tokens through 0x protocol integration.https://blocknet.co/https://www.reddit.com/r/theblocknet/https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet
>tfw your coin if the target of a pajeet p&dguess I should kill myself
shilled it at 5usd.
nobody ever responded to my shills :'/
Why is this so underrated
What does this stupid fuckin 140 mil mcap coin actually do?
kek i heard so many nightmare stories about dan the owner that i never invested because I was scared shit would hit the fan when the market cap was around 15 million.Now i see this shit at fucking 140 million and I want to shoot myself in the brain and yet I still don't trust it.I remember coming back from the netherlands in the airport and an anon was shilling it when it was at 5 mill market cap, I read every page of the bitcointalk then the FUD of him scamming his last ICO got to my head and I totally gave up.WHY DO I DO THIS TO MYSELF?
what ark wishes it did
omfg another exchange with low liquidity?can we kill it pls?
It's mooning tomorrow.
This one has no login and is purely atomic swap wallet to wallet.
No middle men
no its dumping tomorrow, filthy pajeetcap this
and Komodo lolBlocknet gonna leave them in the fucking dust!!
This will be the first real decentralized exchange.
All funds will be stored on your computer.No more transferring shit to and from exchanges or trusting them to not goxx you.
OwO whats this ?
If there were such a thing, Blocknet would be the ONLY Satoshi approved exchange
p&d confirmed
Yes, ARK is indeed a pump & dump
Holding some of this so I'm pretty curious to see what happens prior to and after the release... Stop loss and sell orders are in place so let's have it
been holding since it was literally $1>pump and dumpYeah nah.
Maybe for retards like you who thought garbage shit coins like Bancor were legit and thus missed the boat, but not for smart money.
It will put all these shitty centralized exchanges like Poloniex and Bittrex out of business one day, thats what it will fucking do you retard.
he doesent take profit on almost x30can you not see the fucking picture up there ?bags gonna get dumped on friday
MAN THIS PUMP AND DUMP STILL GOING ON?
DAMN VIZARD WAY TO GO.
This coin has fluctuated non stop from $18-$30+ on and off again.
A small dip from low liquidity pajeets does not make me give one single fuck.I hold until mainstream adoption of the platform.
Blockchain needs decentralized exchanges.
How the fuck can you call cryptocurrency "decentralized" when youre literally buying and selling every coin off of centralized websites with backdoor links to the IRS?
Decentralized exchanges are must for the forward evolution of blockchain tech.
If there are no decentralized exchanges, then "decentralization" in crpytocurrency is a massive fucking MEME.
Period.
Ethfinex integration https://medium.com/@theblocknetchannel/blocknet-to-integrate-with-ethfinex-b9f11f57a8bc
4272033Same, been holding since $2.
No idea when I should exit tho lmao
Holy shit why is this not worth more
The time is now ... I’m all in on it
can't wait to see all the ARK newbz crying tomorrow night when they realize they bet on the wrong coin lmfao
fuck off pnd discord
You really must hate easy money and last I checked there's been no "dump", fucking fud fag
Stay comfy lads $
Blocknet works by going from wallet to wallet?
Seem's interesting and like it would get around taxes?
I'm curious to see where this takes us.
Comfy af
Discord thread.Sage goes in option field
Im not sure, but it looks good.
Probz just gunna throw an ETH in for tomorow
Literal discord pump n dump threadFuck off
>pump and dump>faggots... it’s pump and hodl
how does it differ from radar relay?
To be a Dectralized Exchange, no 3rd parties can:- hold coins- broadcast orders- match orders- swap coins- control listingsThe Blocknet's DEX built on the Blocknet DAPP is the only DEX that fulfils those 5 core standards.
Comfy with 1000 BLOCK.
Radar relay is erc20 tokens only.
This is tokens+coins+access to bitfinex order book.
Realistically, Blocknet can scale to infinite trading pairs which is what conviced me to go all in
So what we are saying is, this is no longer a pump ...this is the future.
Ok guess im buying into the dump then.
this shit about to TURN DA FUK UP