I had Palm Beach open monday morning when I got the text alert for BCH.
So I tabbed over quick and accidentally clicked the 'issues' section where Teeka posts the monthly pumps, instead of 'updates' where the alerts are posted.It looked like he pushed out the November issue along with the BCH letter by mistake.
I doubt most people noticed since they were all rushing to ogle the new alert.I F5'd a minute later and the report was gone.I'm already comfy in DNT now (duh) so you can do whatever you want with this info.
post more of the page
Wow.
Normally I'm good at catching these scams... but this one is tricky.I'm a PBC subscriber myself.
Everything seems legit from yours.
No clue if to trust you or not.Do you have a screenshot of the first paragraph OP?
Is it... real?Like, I know it's a shill... but is it a real shill for once?Can we get a photoshop expert in here to look at the pixels?
It doesn't have to be pixels.
Using a web inspector you can fake it really easily as well.
Something seems off to me, but if it is a scam, it's one that requires quite a bit of effort.
even if its a scam it means itll pump
this is 100% fake.
enjoy your dnt bags op
Mate this doesn't sound like Teeka at all, fuck off with your bags.
POST MORE PICS
4370960samefag too obvious
Actually, now that I read it again, I think it's fake.
The opening paragraph says they introduced crypto 1 year ago.
That's not true.In august Teeka mentioned it has been 18 months since they mentioned eth.
Why would he say 1 year when he had already said 18 months.You're an idiot.
possibly but at the same time op did do something correct.
he made the date November 20th which is the day that teeka said he's actually dropping the issue this month.
Most plebs still think it's the 16th.
This is tricky.
Also the 18 months ago one was for eth to palm beach newsletter not palm beach confidential.
hmmm
Yeah, this one is really tricky.
If OP could post the first paragraph we could maybe read a bit more into it.
It's actually pretty skeptical OP would take a couple random screenshots and not the whole page.Not sure.
I feel like the "1 year ago" line makes it seem fake.
No he actually got it right (real or fake), the first time he ever mentioned crypto in PBC was the Nov 2016 letter.
If it's a fake it's definitely written by someone with a subscription.
you know this is easy to solve.
We'll just ask him about DNT during the live Q and a tmmrw.
If he answers it we'll get a feel for how he's looking at it.
post proof
where is the proof that the letter is dropping on the 20th
We'll just ask him about DNT during the live Q and a tmmrw.>implying he answers real questions and not fake ones he made the date November 20th which is the day that teeka said he's actually dropping the issue this monthHe never said that.
It's the 16th
[Update] [Auto] 1 new postDo you have the beginning of the letter?
If u do I may tip u some btc after DNT pumps based on my gains.
That's not true.
He mentions crypto all the way back to September of last year with Monero.
His anniversary already went by.Ok.
That's enough info for me.
IT'S FAKE.
I'm down 66% on this shitcoin, save me
Fuck it nothing to lose max 5%All in baby
You fucked up OP.
That stupid first paragraph gives it away.
Why does it say 20th nov?
Doesn't the release of the PBC are usually on thursday?
it's syscoin
Guys please don't fall for this.
We are two days away from the official release.
You'll see a lot of these "leaks" and pdfs in the next 48 hours.
Don't be retarded, just wait it out.
No, in his devcon update he mentioned he was postponing it this month to the 20th.
Avoiding S2X drama.
Admittedly he hasnt said anything since about whether that date is still on or not since the fork was canceled.
btw the pick is solarcoin.
Post proof
Let the thread die guys.
There's no way the opening paragraph is correct.
He did not mention crypto for the first time a year ago on november.
That's wrong.FAKE.
But kudos to OP for a solid fake.
First of all it's in a video.
Second off, why the fuck would we care what you believe, the people who are subscribed are talking amongst themselves right now, believe it or don't I don't give a shit I doubt they do.
why are you responding then you idiot
Look back through your old pbc confidential issues.
The first post in pbc about ethereum is in November last year.
I've bough some DNT, it bottomed out anyways, it really looks legit, I've only invested what I'll be willing to lose so fine by me.
I am looking back at my copy of the zen report and this really is a master fake if it's a fake.
All the mannerisms are there.
Especially the bits where he strokes his tiny cock over NEO gains.
Not sure about the first paragraph, I don't have access to the archives to double check the dates.
But everything else seems... almost... real...
He called monero in september.
it's fake stop bothering
Ya I got a little of that vibe.
Hmmm, hmm.
Plus this thread makes so much sense if he did get it at the BCH time, because then he would of bought at the 13th right before it dipped another 30 satoshis.
He's annoyed right now and wants the pump to start sooner.
You know what actually your right.
September has a bunch of talk about initial bitcoin millionaires.
Ya it's fake cyannara.
Well done op but fake it is.
Especially the bits where he strokes his tiny cock over NEO gains.
oh lawd!
Wait something doesn't add up.
First post about ethereum is in November 2017 but that means this post is inaccurate
Don't listen to that anon.
His very first post mentioning it from september of last year for PBC.
ETH was mentioned as part of the regular newsletter before PBC even existed.
Regardless of how you cut it the sentence "1 year ago" is completely wrong.
lol 2016 vs 1017
That's still not 18 months ago.
Teeka is prone to errors maybe?
I don't know when he first mentioned ETH.
It could very well be 18th months before the newsletter I posted.Point is.
This is fake.
Stop bumping the fake thread.
There's enough evidence to prove it's fake.
The dates on OPs post don't add up.
It's fun.
Bump
437123743713004371341PBC subscriber here.
Nov 20th confirmed.
Doesn't matter.
Still fake.There's enough evidence to prove it's fake.
Just the 1 year is the only evidence lol
OH MY FUCK JUST TELL ME IF I SHOULD ALL IN OR NOT ALREADY
Yes.
The fact that a statement inside of the "report" can be proven to be 100% false, that's good enough for me.
In addition to the fact it wouldn't take too much effort to replicate this.It's fake.
Live with it.
That proves nothing...
What the fuck is this DNTWhy isn't this SYScoin?It looks real to me BTW.
It's fake because I have the real leak.
Check attachment.
Sorry OP this was a good attempt at a fake, and you p&dumpers have a good writer on your team.
But this is 100% fake.I love how these screenshots come out days later, as if you wouldn't have shared these with your friends, and no one else happened to see them.who takes screenshots, acumulates and then releases it days later, these would have been leaked days ago.
Plus as I mentioned, the data in the report is wrong further showing that whoever wrote it didn't research enough.
Yeh its one of the better fakes I've seen though just because of the writer they have.
He has studied Teeka and got his writing style on point.
This is absolutely ridiculous.Teeka comes from a traditional investing background (from which he has been permanently barred.
)The person that wrote the FAKE document does not know that in stocks term Dog may refer to a stock that is a chronic underperformer and hence a drag on the performance of a portfolio.
Teeka would NEVER use that term as a good connotation as his newsletter also has stock tips.
Just noticed why he didn't set a buy up to and stop loss etc.
for DNT
you realize "top dog" is an idiom for top performer?
Sweet!
More evidence that this is fake and gay.
Anyone looking at this thread.
It's fake!
Just noticed why he didn't set a buy up to and stop loss etc.
for DNTHe doesn't do it in the main articles.
oh okay, article looks legit then.
Though tommorow is he going to release the pbc PDF?
or is it on the 20th?
Thank you!
Best post of the week!
Oh, it's fake for sure.
But gay?
Come on now.
It's pretty well written for a scam piece.
the fact that it looks pretty real and it adds up, and that this thread attracted attention makes it seem like its legit.
We'll see on the day it releases to see who is right
Dude... how much evidence do you need to know it's fake.
Stop trying to be stupid.Does my leak look real too?
Of course I know that.
He then refers to it a "dog" in this FAKE piece of garbage.
Any person with a background in stocks like Teeka would NEVER refer to any investment pick as a "dog".
A dog as stock term is an underperformer.
Because Teeka also has stock picks he would never use that term in a positive way.
Wait, when I said it's real I didn't notice the figures he gave for OMG.OMG was not $8.50 when Teeka recommended it.
And if it were, I don't think he would focus on that.His initial buy alert for OMG was at $3.
He'd more likely mention that because it makes him look a lot better.And the high is off.
This is a scam.There is NO WAY in hell PBC would promote this shitcoin.
It's one of the worst projects out there.
More evidence of it being fake.
Yay.
Anyone who falls for this at this point is just a retard.
Man I'm tempted to throw something at it just in case the campaign conitnuies and a bunch of retards decide to pump it lol.I was "smart" and saw through the obvious fake shilling for Golem and Storj early November.. and missed out on a lot of money.
Quit bumping this thread and the normies won't come.
just bought a bag