The flippening resumes regardless the difficulty adjustment.That's because the root cause of the flippenning is on Core's side - 170K Unconfirmed Transactionshttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
THANK YOU BASED SATOSHITHANK YOU BASED ROGERTHANK YOU BASED JIHAN
tybj
Those numbers are fake.
The Jews are trying to destroy BTC.
the jews are blockstream though
The Jews ARE BTC you fucking newfag, they have highjacked the project.
What the fuck do you think blockstream is?
170K Unconfirmed TransactionsIt's not just the number of unconfirmed txes, it's also the ASS RAPINGLY HIGH transaction fees.Everyone is getting redpilled on the true nature of BTC core right now.
It's a shitty investment Ponzi scheme like the toxic loans scandal.
This is going to fuck over so many normies.
43275934327620lol

BTC's hashrate is already increasing again :>https://fork.lol/
the jews want btc, and the chinese jews are bch get your shit togther pol there is no win
So all bch has to do is go above 2k and it wins?
Unconfirmed transactions are already going down, because hashing power has switched to the Legacy blockchain again.
Jihan is real satoshi
Enjoy your normalized hashrate while it lasts, you have 18 hours left.Just enough time for people to sell off their btc bags
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsNot true.
It blips down a chunk every time a block is solved, then it keeps rising.
LOL exactly.have fun holding your dicks and empty bags faggotsI told yall btc holding faggots to get out yesterday.
but nopenow suffer the consequences bitches
i beat your sweating over there in your computer chairhow much money have you lost in the last 2 days faggot?
you have 18 hours left.Sure is Satoshi's vision when you fork to make it more attractive to minersKill both coins
Bawww
its satoshi's vision because its transparent currency not owned by fucking jewbagsyou fucking kike
Thanks cashies, at least you'll have "Satoshi's vision" to keep you warn when you're sitting in the fucking wreckage of the market you created, unable to liquidate your shitcoin which, despite having the highest market cap, will only be worth around $1000 dollars.
top kek, corecucks trying to bargain
not owned by fucking jewbagsYeah it's owned by the Chinese miners instead.
Awesome
And you've got some low grade imitation chinkcoin p&d scam, faggot
I got into BCH at 750-800USDI've been watching everything leading up to today and saw what the plan was and knew that the plan was a-go and not canceled when it shot up from 600 to 750.Enjoy staying poor, brainlet.
Oh yeah and also when segwit was canceled.
It proved that the NYC agreement was a smokescreen for stabbing BTC in the back.
lets just destroy the whole crypto market irreparably for a few greedy chinks and their miner armysounds great dude
I was a corecuck for two days.
Decided to go all in on BCH right now, at least temporarily, since they're supposed to have a second moonWake me up when it's past .4, then I'll split back 50-50 again>inb4 I end up just losing $40 on back and forth transaction fees and don't make any profit
likewise brotherive already more than doubled my inital investment :) and not cutting profits anytime soon :)
lol I don't have a single cent in core or cash, they are both shitcoins.
I just have common sense enough to know that Jihan's cynical attempt to assassinate BTC overnight and replace it with a coin that is just as shit is going have dire repercussions for the whole market.
lmfao 3 days ago you would have not said BTC is a shitcoin.shut the fuck up you larping faggot
Core Tactic #5: XenophobiaPretend a country of more than a billion people all thinks the same and all have agreed to secretly conspire to do...something.
Something bad.
And that's why Bitcoin is hitting the shitter.
Those unprocessed transactions are their last hope.Once they go through, people will be able to liquidate their bitcoin on exchanges.
he didnt read the white paperBlockstream are the cryptojews.
Bitcoin Cash ia the true bitcoin.
>inb4 satoshi's vision Pic related
Oh no, that what happened yesterday was completely organic and definitely not organized.
Just look at that organic growth followed by an ever more organic dump.This is hurting crypto as a whole and if you can't see it you are retarded.
I couldn't care less which of the btc version come on top, as a matter of fact I hope this kills it and people move to asic resistant coins and fuck all you dirty chinks in the ass without any lube
3 days ago you would have not said BTC is a shitcoin.lmao whatever makes you happy faggot.
I've never invested a single cent in BTC because I like making actual gains in the alt market.
A beautiful money making machine which you retards want to destroy because you're so intent on sucking Jihan' dick.
dude its not about trying to be smart ass and recognize "organic" growth....whats happening is people want a currency like BTC but when they found out whats going on behind the scenes, they started moving money to BCC.stop being a fucking pussy because you lost your money
/thread
FUCK YOUR MOTHER IF YOU WANT FUCK
I'm clearly not talking about 8MB, I'm talking about the difficulty adjustment
alt coins are for fucking retards that like losing money on a regular basisi like how i correct you and that makes you madalso i like how ive doubled my money in the last 2 days while yours is down to nothing.go fuck yourself you whiny little bitch boy
Miners switched back to legacy for the next couple hours or so to bring down unconfirmed transactions so people can liquidate there legacy
alt coins are for fucking retards that like losing money on a regular basisBCC is an altcoin so I guess that explains your retardation.
Miners switched back to legacy for the next couple hours or so to bring down unconfirmed transactions so people can liquidate there legacyBetter get out now corecucking faggots!
pic related
BCC is an alt-coin for now yes,ive also made 200% gains off it so no its not an alt coin i would be taking a major risk on...youre too stupid to know whats going on its okay.you can continue to jack your dick to porn now
satoshisatoshi died years ago from a life with ALS
The actual jews from Israeli Btc Foundation are hard behind Core.
lol