hello /biz, a week ago i discovered the /biz on chan and all i see are posts regarting cryptocurrencies,so i want to try it, but here are a few questions:> isnt crypto just like gambling or like stock market > what proggrams do i need and how do you guys "upload" your real moneyz into crypto> will 50 euro be enought to just try this stuff out> and god like tips, videos on youtube you would recoment?
bucks is pretty much a worthless investment.
I would enter with $5k minimum if you really want to make life changing amounts of money.I don't really understand people's logic when they're thinking about getting into crypto.
When I first got into it 8 months ago, I saw the potential instantly.
Where else can you make 5x, 10x, 20x your money in a month?
It was a no brainer to me.
Learn how it works, study it, and and earn more than you ever could working a 9-5.if you made 20x on your $50, that's only $1000...if you made 20x on $5k, that's $100k, which you can then turn into a million dollars somewhat easily if you're smart.I get that many of you are not young adults with your shit together, thus you have no savings, but just consider that your initial investment is your first multiplier.
I'm not suggesting anyone do this, but I maxed out three credit cards buying bitcoin when I first got in, along with all my savings.The best tip I can give you is avoid the pajeets, they will destroy you.
Pajeet doesn't strictly mean "indian" by the way, it means anyone with the spirit of indian scammers, who are a curse to all of mankind.follow me on twitter if you want to make it->twitter.com/lambolydiaand find more info in this thread I made.
the reasson why im willing to spend only 50euros ( from 3k on my bank) is beacuse i think the crypto is kinda fishy and you can lose most of your money as far as i know..but then again i know nothing about this thing :/
newfag >maxed out cards on btc 8 months agoThese are the newfags shilling bitcoin all over the board to other newfags.
Fuck your Twitter poorfag
50 is kindof low desu senpai.
Put 200 on bch (wait for it to dip) and sell it after the inevitable pumpNdump.You also should consider fees
Yes, it's like stock market, but unregulatedUse coinbase or Kraken in Europe, then buy ETH and move it to bittrex.
All google-able sites>real moneyzThere is no such thing, there's only more and less used value replacement.
Dollars also fluctuates against the Euro or the Yen, and people trade those to make money too.
Except it's regulated.
Crypto isn't fake money any more than Dollars are.
The gov handed these out 100 years ago, but you can't trade it at your local gov house against gold or oil anymore.
It became the same sort of "fake money" in the 30's.
The difference is that all people in the USA use it.
Of course, there's no alternative offert.
Just fyi
In the last 3 generation, your family has been loosing money (unless they own property or resources like gold, oil etc.)
buy holding dollar too
julian is that you?
Crypto itself isn't gambling, but trading is similar to gambling (in a way that owner of the exchange can fuck you over).
You may not use any program, but you need the following:-create a crypto wallet (you can google how to do it, can't really give a good advice, I use Electrum)-register on an exchange (Binance, Bittrex, Poloniex, Gdax or other).
You can register on several exchanges, that's what smart people do.-you need to convert your EUR into crypto.
In my language (Russian) there are separate words for "exchange" (where you put the real money in) and "exchange" (where you trade crypto, see paragraph above).
Can't explain well, but you need to go on one of those sites.
One example is localbitcoins.com50€ is ok just to see how things work (you can also use imaginary money in Blockfolio app), but it's really small.
Put all the savings that you can afford to lose into crypto.
The reason fiat are more "legit" is that they have a huge system backing them.
You can use USD and Euros in a huge number of places and get whatever in return.
Further, they usually have central banks making sure nobody rocks the boat too much.There are a few sites where I can pay with bitcoin and I remember hearing about bitcoin ATM type things, but as far as most other coins go all you can do with them is trade for other currencies.
It's hard for me to see where their value comes from, aside from hoping to gain profits.I do recognize that there might well be a place for cryptos as a "new" mainstream currency.
But even then, surely the biggest reason to buy these NOW is to make a profit, not to actually use them for paying?
Even bitcoin isn't really practical for everyday payments, and it isn't helped by their price being crazy unstable, and most of the non-btc prices can even be rocked by one or a few big investors.
Everything is even worse with smaller coins, and it's hard to see most of those ever being used as an actual currency instead of an asset for speculative investment,TL;DR: Bitcoin is barely a currency and smaller cryptos are just investment tokens and the value of crypto is largely speculativeDo feel free to say I'm wrong, I'd love to feel less uneasy about putting my money in crypto
Here's one advice OP: Don't listen to fucking retards like  who likely wants you to go in big on whatever coin he shills so he can dump his bags on you.
He's already talking about 20x like it is a done deal, should be enough of a red flag.
In general don't listen to anyone telling you about "surefire 20x gains, a done deal buy now!"
or how you should buy crypto for all the FIAT you have, /biz/ is well known for pic related, getting dumped on by pump&dump groups, and getting burned on shit like Confido (which went -95% in 6 hours).
€50 is fine to start with and can become pretty decent money rather quickly.
You got two paths: you either day/swing trade coins on an exchange (buy something then sell at 15-30% profits) or buy something with large future potential (REQ, LINK, whatever) and hold a long time (3-12 months).
Since you are going in with 50€, for now do the former and learn how the whole ecosystem works.
>how do I get money into crypto?Sign up for Kraken, do a SEPA transfer to it (tiny fee and fast), buy some coin and then transfer it wherever to trade (Bittrex, for example).
Don't trade on Kraken itself, it's slow as shit and shits itself whenever traffic goes up.
Also don't buy BTC on Kraken to transfer, BTC is slow and expensive (6€ transfer fees, IIRC).>where do I find coins?https://coinmarketcap.com/, Twitter, /biz/, just look around and start learning, it all comes with time, in a week you'll get the hang of the ecosystem at least in the basics.
Always do research on the coin you intend to buy, try not to listen to /biz/ and instead just use it as an aggregate of news to discover new shit.Once you get more money in, you will need a wallet, (MyEtherWallet if you use Ethereum, Ledger if you got a lot of money in it and need security etc), but by that time you'll have learned about all this shit yourself.Also go on investopedia and read up on stock and trading basics, most of that stuff is identical in crypto.
You are right.Then again, I do pay my video editor and thumbnail youtube design guy with Ether.
Found both by asking around for talented folks with some free time on the web.
It works.
in what coins would be good to invest for like 1-5 month?
im hearing some good things about etherium ..
I don't think you can go wrong with ETH, I'm rather confident it will go up to 600 within 3 months.
That said I'm sure there are other coins that will pump way more in that timeframe (like REQ, IOP, RLC, or POWR) As always DYOR before buying anything.