ChainLink will never moon for one simple reason: God doesn't reward neets who waste their lives making memes on a Venezuelan arepa appreciation forum.
Nothing in life has worked out for you so far.
Why would this time be any different?
Vete a la verga deluded linkies.
Tell that to all the neets that became millionaires thanks to btc eth monero.
God told me to buy LINK.
>mfw Sergey is above God.
there is no god you filthy majeet
I hold more LINK then 80% of /biz/ combined.
Can you faggots stop making 20 threads a day?
You are making this project look like pajeets.
Fuck off please.
Make a thread when news comes out so we can coordinate a pump to $1+until then shut the fuck up, this could be tomorrow or this could be in 3 months.
Me too
This
arepa i'm not even going to google that stupid beaner term.
bend tacos in Hell, juanita!
When you talk to god it's called prayer.
When god talks to you it's called schizophrenia.
Get yourself checked out anon.
election.
Don't listen to him he's Satan.
God has bless Sergey and Rory.
We are the early money and smart money.
I sent Rory a pizza yesterday.
Everyone send them encouragment and memes.
No more hate.
Prove it, fagtron
La verga tienes en el fundillo panzon apesteso bueno para nada.
Viva chainlink!
this kind of talk will get you fucked
this.
Chan Pranks: Habbo Hotel Donald Trump Election Smart Contracts leave 10's of millions unemployed
2036 WWIII leaves10's of millions dead.
This is literally what I thought when I bought ETH in March.
Like there is no way something THIS good could happen to me without putting in any work.
And then a few months later I was rewarded with 100k USD.
The same thing will happen next year with Link except it will be in the millions.
God is dead.
How much link should I hold to make it?
at least 10k desu.
k here, can't afford anymore.
Will I make it?
I think sometime next year you will probably be able to buy a fancy car but that's about it.
i have 110 link do i can make it when moon comes?
Nothing in life has worked out for you so far.
Why would this time be any different?there are people here who already made it with ETH retard