Is this a fake recovery from people trading their USDT for crypto to eventually trade for fiat?
Or back on track to10k?What's your move /biz/
Literally no fucking clue on this.
It makes NO SENSE to have dipped and bounced back in 1 hour after a hack.
I don't think the market is nearly as quick as /biz/ is.
I think the panic sells dumped it and it immediately found support.
It will now continue on it's way to 10k.
The alts market will improve after some stable btc growth and there are no more tether bullshit events.
I sold at 8100, may rebuy later at a loss if it stabilizes, but it feels like we're threading on very thin ice right now, any more negative news from tether/bitfinex could prompt a major crash
What I mean is a lot of crypto holders and normies have no fucking clue what just took place with tether and have either panic sold by now or held on
LITERALLY WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT BTC WENT DOWN LIKE 300 DOLLARS LOL
you should have just put a loss stop
fuck it.
bought some cheap eth
btc dips below 8k>people panickingIm flabbergasted desu

Buy the dip sell the news...remember China banning crypto?Fake fucking newsI made this diagram a couple of hours ago and it just proves we might go around $6500 and bounce to $10K IF and only IF the bulls are back
You're saying you think this bounce back is temporary and tomorrow BTC will plummet?
Shitty exchange doesn't have the option
>trading their USDT for crypto to eventually trade for fiator you knowPeople saw a dip and bought it.
M8 I have no idea if it's the dip or the start of plummet summitall I'm saying is even if you sold out now you're only risking missing out on $1900 but you risk losing $3000This is the price people start taking profits at to safely buy back in which is the 0.786 lineIf you sell above it you have a much higher chance of buying lower, but if you sell below it you might risk missing out on the $10,000 tipIt's all about percentages and risk to reward ratios
I think it's wrong because it takes into account the fake crash/bch drama which does not represent its normal progression
Exactly this
Solid point.
I will say it's dwindled a little - it went to 8100ish and is now down around 8070...
Jesus christ, this drop that happened tonight was literally NOTHING.
I don't even know why people are talking about it.
Bitcoin goes up and down $200-$300 every single fucking day.
Babby's first bitcoin.
No it's a fake recover from people buying the dip after feeling bad they missed out on Bcash flippening low.