Rumors flying that ETP is in talks with a partnership with Dubai, to create the first digital identity sponsored state.https://coinjournal.net/united-arab-emirates-develop-unified-digital-identity/As per link below, ETP has been in talks with Dubai government officials after the World Blockchain Summit 2017 held in Dubai.
"Dubai government attached great importance to the World Blockchain Summit, where government officials attended the meeting and participated in the discussions actively and passionately.
Metaverse team talked about the development and application of blockchain with officials from Department of Economic Development and Dubai Health Authority.
Furthermore, Eric shared his views over some specific issues.
"https://medium.com/@mvs_org/metaverse-the-retrospect-of-world-blockchain-summit-in-dubai-b2b457097693With ETP specializing in digital assets and identities, the rumor isn't completely ludicrous.
A rumor is just that so be careful all.
HUGE if true.
Eric Gu already hosts the most popular crypto conference in China.
Surely he knows how to make connections.
Wouldn't be surprised if dubai govn't want's in.
4370601
Only a matter of time before ETP shoots up
In my eyes, ETP is a safer hold for me than BTC or BCH right now.
The forces behind ETP is much more predictable than btc...
Chart looks good too, strong support at this level.
Surprisingly ETP threads are a lore more civilised than your average biz shill thread.
KEEP THIS PAJEET FREE.
Isn't this what DBIX is doing?
http://embeddedsecuritynews.com/2017/10/uae-tra-smart-dubai-to-launch-a-unified-digital-identity-card/Using blockchain is mentioned in this article.
I find that it's all too coincidental for ETP not to have some input within this.
Especially given Eric's meeting with Government officials.
admin confirmed this on telegram then quickly deleted and replaced the reply with a smiling emoji.
Screenshot?
very likely false
Can i grab a link to the telegram channel?
Thanks bro
sure thing here it ist.
me/ Metaverse_Blockchainremove the spaces otherwise 4chan thinks it's a spam link
Thank you anon, much appreciated
ETP is a $10/token by EOY.
Let the BTC and China FUD disappear and watch this baby bloom!