2nd run incoming
It already failed the second run
Strapped in for moon mission and standing by for liftoff
Nah BTC needs to fall below $7700 before we get another good run.
Short it then retard
The 10k BTC buy wall is goneNot even Ver is on your side now
notice a pattern?
I SEE IT
This board is the funniest one on 4chan
the wall disappears when they are buying
lol no, the wall disappeared because Ver cancelled it.
DamnChink on a riksha sipping tea pattern.Moon incoming
The fuck is he doing
i agree im a no coiner but im loving it
too obvious.
how many runs already lol?
this is the 10th+ threads saying bch about to run but nothing happens again.
Stop faking.
right, when you delete a buy order it free's up those funds to buy, in this case at a higher amount.
maybe he/they don't see it dropping that low and want to use that money instead to put a BTC sell wall up at 8k.
damn that is kinda spooky
I've been watching all day and it's really amazing how closely linked the price of BTC and BCH have become since the last pump.
Every time BTC drops a few % BCH goes up.
Every single time.
It's going to be very interesting to see what happens if BTC undergoes a major correction.
It double toped, it will crash
BTC also double topped.
BCH will moon if BTC crashes first.
The whales are signaling each other, they communicate through charts drawing arrows indicating their moves, if they agree or disagree on a play.
Notice how the whales pump up the volume at the hump of the waveform essentially drawing the arrow shits about to get real.
kekd hard
It started
you've been saying this shit for a week now.
shit's still dead nigger.
Anon don't you get it every single set of green candles that lasts more than an hour is the next moon, it just didn't happen because you didn't believe
FOMO is kicking in
Don't fucking do it you idiot
run to 500$
He didn't buy sub $400>He didn't buy at $500>He didn't buy at $800>He STILL didn't buy at $900>He watched it go all the way up to 4k on some exchanges>He didn't buy when it bottomed out sub $900 last night>All patterns and conditions are meeting together indicating a replay of last week>Meanwhile BTC reached ATH, what goes up must come down>Shitstorm is brewing behind the scenes as a civil war breaks out between the miners>He's still not buyingWill he miss this one too?
i already lost some money because i forgot to sell BCH when I had some decent profit.yea I will just watch this time most likely.
Shitstorm is brewing behind the scenes as a civil war breaks out between the minersAnd it better not be that stupid whiteboard picture
and its over.. thanks for holding them bags...
>Shitstorm is brewing behind the scenes as a civil war breaks out between the miners.who cares bcash is free
Most tards sold their bitcoin cash falling for block streams alt coin meme
4413670pattern>TA>ever
>Most tards sold their bitcoin cash falling for block streams alt coin memeLast time I checked my 84 bcash is still locked up on coinbase.
Its habbanapading
Anyone else watching that volume drop on BTC and moving over to BCH?
All the right conditions for a breakout are there with BTC starting to move over to the red and BCH already up over 10%
you guys are so fucking desperate
who wants BCH to be low when Coinbase unlocks it?
wouldn't you rather pump it to an ATH now then sell high?
kind of exactly like what just happened last weekend?
it got pumped to the forked price and everyone sold.
t. increasingly nervous corecuck
whatever man, i don't know about you but i bought the dip i'm comfy, keep being mad
The Hodl meme was made for those who where DOWN on their monies, not up.
Sell while you're ahead.
nd TETHER run is coming***
Meh, that's money I'm ready to lose so I'm good, I'll just keep riding the bull for as long as possible.
I'm planning to diversify into bch, eth, xrp and xmr, and just let it sit.
I'll sell at mtgox 2.0 if it ever happens and just rebuy in 1 to 2 years after the bear market.
I'll sell at mtgox 2.0The whole drama of MtGox is you cannot sell
If it affects an exchange(s) you can still sell on the others, just gotta pray it's not yours.
Even if I sell at a loss I don't mind too much, because that would be money I was ready to see vanish anyway.
shhh, let him learn the hard way, you can only lead a horse to water.
>buy my bags!!
4415945Haha don't worry guys, this total badass doesn't care if he loses all his money.
Bro that's 3k, I'm not like you retards going all in.
iIm not about those pink wojaks you see, I know enough about finance to understand risk management, unlike most if you.
Shitstorm is brewing behind the scenes as a civil war breaks out between the minersThe civil war ended on November 12th, friendo.
JewCoin won
miners are sandbagging until next BTC difficulty adjustment