Repeat with me: I will sell this once it hits 0.0055 again.
Let's not fall for it again and again and again fellas,
I bought in at $7.50 and am sitting comfy at the current price.Why is this board full of people wanting to make 3x in a 20 minute trade?
You cunts buy in at an ATH, panic sell 20 minutes later, and write every coin off as a useless piece of shit that will never make you money.Meanwhile my investment has grown 5x.
Can't see the future yet.
This IS the exit.You need to get out before you lose your entire investment in this coin if you bought during the pump.If you believe in NEO, buy back when the dump is finished tomorrow.But for the love of god, dont just let your money disappear and fill your head with delusions that the announcement is anything other than a basic update.Do what you want obviously, but I know how peoples hopes and emotions get entangled in this and then they just hold as it crashes and they fuck themselves over for no reason.Godspeed, lads.
Whatever already lost like 70% last week with bch.If this dies I die kek.
If the announcement is good I will recover at least 10%.
Whatever.
The BTC/NEO ratio is making it go visually down atm.
Expect the real dump to come tomorrow when the news turns out to be nothing of importance.
Just woke up, why did it dump?
It's already Monday in Japan
Because those 20 minutes can become in weeks or months of bagholding if the coin keeps going down, hoping for some miracle/news to aliviate the weight of your bags.
Fuck you bagholders.>Muh long term investment
Holding and actually making a profit like me is hoping for a miracle.>Wanting to triple your money 10x in 20 minutes isn't.Holy shit you are dense.
Eeeh he's kinda right tho.
Unless you get into some sick ICO, the x10 x20 missions are kinda over.
Their hopeless man.Let them lose money instead of accumulating more after the dump.Just lazy people letting thousands of dollars slip by for no reason other than typing in a password takes 2 seconds
They were over when X currency hit X price.They were over again when X currency hit X*2 price.They were over yet again when X currency hit X*3 price.Keep going full hail mary.
I'm sure you'll get rich.
The board is full of people who made money in 20 minutes, definitely not people who have been crying that they sold too soon or missed an opportunity.
The Goys know:https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/Shut it down NOW!!!!!!
!Drop our bags!!!
Ah yes no one cared about that article yesterday no one cares about that article today.
Nothing changed.
Replying to yourselfGo back to Facebook fucking retard.
hahah what a faggot
Ah yes no one cared about that article yesterday no one cares about that article today.
Nothing changed.No fellow semite, the goys start to care!https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/You must drop your Antshare bags now or you will be confirmed for eternal bagholder.
A faggot who's making money.
Comfy AF.
Did you really just post the same link again?
it always dumps when news is announced, no matter what people tell you here.
In a few weeks we will see what the new floor is here, which will be hopefully higher then the previous floor
get out now.
this thing is going all the down back .0035 support levels
lmao did you just reply to yourself?
Idc, still holdingEven if btc hits 8500 I'll still hold, not selling at a loss that's retarded