PTOYHealthcare seems ripe for blockchain disruption.
Anybody have any insight on this coin?
>buying the melanin coin
This coin is at the very bottom right now.
Buy as much as you can and hodl for at least one year
WE
Hospitals had a hard enough time converting over to Epic, they aren't gonna use fucking blockchain medical records.
It's fucking retardedOh here's your health information that only you have access to.
Uh oh you're now unconscious and we're unable to access your records unless we have the code to get them.
Sure hope you gave it to family and friends and we're able to contact them
WUZ
Don't buy.
The CEO has no experience doing anything and when it came to light they actually didn't have any working product the coin tanked to fuck.that's not how its supposed to work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmDS4u1SQO4&t=643s Watch this autist grill her.
She mostly bullshits through the whole interview.
He asks her if it wouldn't be risky to have all patient data on a blockchain because everything would be public.
She says it would be encrypted and a patient would need to use their private key to allow anyone to access their data.
6:18 Every patient needs to enter their private key along with their doctor in a multi-sig way EVERY time a doctor wants to access their data.
That would never work out for obvious reasons.
12:00 Blockchains aren't very good at storing large amounts of data how do you solve that problem?>We use the hospital's centralized database.HUH?!!!
Well then that defeats the whole purpose doesn't it.
17:15 What if a person can't provide their private key because they're incapacitated.>You would need a trusted person who knows your private keyWTF.
That could go wrong in so many ways.
19:55 What if a person loses their private key?>You're fucked.
Your records are gone.
Don't lose your private key.22:30 What is the token for?>You need it to access the network.
So fucking hospitals are going to have to go on coinbase and send to bittrex and buy the tokens so they can store their data.22:53 Why would you use this instead of another storage coin?>Gibberish24:00 How is it different than drop box?>There's gonna be machine learnin' AI that's gonna diagnose patients.
Also data aggregation.WTF how can there be data aggregation when all of it is encrypted gibberish on the network.
ok, shitcoin confirmed, thanks for the replies
that's not how its supposed to workThis guy  has what I'm talking about>She says it would be encrypted and a patient would need to use their private key to allow anyone to access their data.
patientory moons to $250oh you cant afford your medical records now that they are on a token instead of the cloud?
too bad you'll just die lol
really its not racist to state common fact that asians on average are shorter than dutch, or that black women on average are incredibly stupid.
on a purely objective analisys diversity programs are a sure path to lower quality output
Anon who are you talking to?
Made by nignog's dont buy