In roughly 48 hours Bitfinex has had over 30,000 BTC withdrawn from their wallets.
Fuck it, I'll see you lads in Hell.
https://i.imgur.com/MSj2WGf.jpg
you know roger deposited 250k last week rightlmao
so what?
explain to me in detail why this is concerning OP.
Not a core shill but roger is shady as fuck.
Well, every "known" figure in crypto is shady but roger(as well as some others) are on a different level.
Why is this so blurry?
that thread is archived anyway so just read that.
how much of a brainlet are youI'm saying 30k is nothing, it's just fucking individual people pulling their shit out because of the fud around the exchangeliterally a circlejerk feedback loopOP is fucking retarded
No I am saying that you have no definite proof that those coins is really his.
you're actually fucking retarded, I only mentioned roger's stack to show a single individual can move 6x more coins than OP is mentioningI am not saying those 30k coins are his you fucking idiot I'm saying people are moving 30k coins out because of the finex fud and that 30k is NOT that muchholy fuck you're dumb
inb4 some faggot claims bitfinex is just beingsolventHow are they solvent when they're taking out BTC in order to make payments?
They were supposed to have all the dollars on hand, not have them in BTC in hopes it keeps growing.Now why would they want BTC to keep growing when they're perfectly making money through exchange fees... ?
You are shit retarded.
You give ver as example why this is just peanuts.
I implied that ver is a bad example because he is shady as fuck and now you are on some fucking other fucking shit.That amount is irregular.
Withdrawals rarely goes above 5k.
What OP also didn't mention is there were a lot more than 30k btc that was withdrawn right after that which are also irregularly huge.
Bitfinex literally withdran 100+ million dollars worth of bitcoin in a span of a few minutes.
what the actual fuck are you talking aboutthe fees are IN bitcoin you retardwhat the fuck did you even type
so what?
lol you are so retarded track the payments your self its sketchy as fuck and they are going to virgin addresses >https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
I dont see what the fuck your toughts on ver being shady or not have ANYTHING to do with watching him deposit 250k coins onto the exchange you fucking retardYOU are the one changing the subject fucking randomly on how shady you think ver islike you think he's lying about moving the coins or something?
because the reason i know he moved the fucking coins is because we can track his fucking address, not because we blindly believe that he told us he moved 250k to finex.
Like I dont understand why the FUCK you're talking about ver's morality here.
what the fuck does that have to do with anything you retarded fucking faggotNoone gives a shit about your feelings faggotno SHIT its an irregular amount, i JUST fucking told you why people are withdrawingYou think after this ridiculous fud and mainstream outlets reporting that fenix is fishy as fuck wont have people migrating out by the masses?
Dumb fucking retard, learn to connect the dots
segwit address>virginoh my god how strange!!
!are you fucking joking you dumb nigger
>roger shows support for mtgox by doing a video>mtgox insovlent>roger shows support for bitfinex by moving coins> ???
nigga its people taking precautions dont be dumb
Remember, Tethers keys were a 3 of 4 multi-sig... and it was 'hacked' by 'external attacker'.This must be a Super Duper Hacker.
I can't believe dumb fuck newcoiners still don't understand how exchanges wallets work Were you one of the dumb cunts who tried to do a bank run on binance and looked like a complete and utter fucking idiot?
Now listen here you son of a bitch faggot I'll have you know I bought BTC at .001 and ETH at .000001 I know exactly what I'm talking about.
I'm a fucking crypto expert that has been trading for 3+ years.
My Dad has been trading Stock since the 80s and my grandfather would trade potatoes for chickens.
Now you hear BTC will drop 50% by tomorrow and you can't do anything about it.
Lmfao

Now listen here you son of a bitch faggot I'll have you know I bought BTC at .001>BTC at .001topkek
I never thought I was gonna be able to use that meme again.
How times go by...
Why WOULDN'T people be withdrawing BTC from bitfinex?
People are going to lose their shit when this insolvency comes to the light.
I didn't believe in this originally, but how god damned obvious can it get.>wells Fargo terminates relations>don't worry Tethers will fix it>Mt.Gox style pump starts>we're solvent check this """audit""" out>rumors spread>we are solvent we'll make an announcenment >oops we got hacked but we'll hard fork>still no announcement>transparency page showed red>gets taken off for """maintenance"""


FUCK OFF NSA
yeet
Weak hands FUDing bitches.Bitfinex is best.
Holding strong.
Reminder he has yet to pay for his crimes.