I started trading 6 months ago.I now manage 2 millions and made 60k for my self in 2 weeks.
AMA
LARP
This.Proof or fuck off.
$£€¥?
20k in ark is enough proof?
Larp or notI was thinking the same thing.
Just ask family and friends.
Tell them give you money that they wont miss.Cryptobanking.
Basically it's a longer story, I'm not larping frankly it's funny.
I was basically working in Starbucks with a STEM degree and stepped my shit up and I'm here.
AMA(most rookie question)where the fuck do you trade?
i used Oanda but it's only forex, no crypto.
Only crypto here.
Bittrex.
Stem major here too.
Thinking of making a day trading app over Christmas when I’m off for a few days.
Any tips for us trying to make money while we have time?
Use your mind to outplay the market.
Do things beyond the normal line of thought.
Stop your bad habits and let your feelings and ideal become tangible action.
Set goals and start working on that, don't be a follower be a student.
I'm s huge fan of Jim Rohn https://youtu.be /_9TK9zTdB_E this literally changed my life.
It's a LARP until there's a screenshot.
I have nothing to ask poorfags who like to play pretend.
thanks :P
hoiw much did you start with?
how in the world did you make 3mil in 6 months?
can you share some of your trades?
and how much you started with?im really curious.
i started with 2k usd in january, at one point i had over 30 btc and my net was like over 150k.
but i made some bad trades and im down now.
but still way more then with what i started.
How much did you start with?
10k?
how much did u start fucker ?
I got some guys that wanted to invest in my trading, I started with bots then moved from there, I knew nothing about TA at the starting time.
If you had 150 btc, you could always try a few things that are obscure, buy cheap doge and sell for 2 difference satoshi (buy at 16, 17) sold some doge for the great doge pump that is incoming; buy some ark (not deluded) im a huge fan of ark since its one of the best teams ever; I hold no bitcoin as its too slow now and I cant get rid of it fast enough as Im not willing to pay so much in fees.2 weeks ago when BTC crashed in 5 minutes to 6.4k I diversified a huge amount of money into XRP, PIVX, PAY and ARK; with teeka's report and rumours around BTC i made a net 5 btc trade in XRP over night, this position took around 14 hrs to be executed, was luck but I manage to do it.I started with 2k actually, but I did not build my self up from there, I focused on creating an identity in certain community related to botting then I moved from there, one day I was helping this guy who had 100 btc and he saw I knew so much about crypto that he wanted me to trade for him, then the rest is history.
I've a partner which helps me with statistics and my background is mathematics.
Some other trades include BCH when from 9xx to 1.3k and DGB last week from 116 to 149; and ETC from 14.6 to 17.4
2kMad respect, I am stuck with 10k for one month and made zero gains so far.Do you got a advice for a n00b like, to make those godly gains.
>Posting easily editable screenshots as proof and not your blockchain address
Youre gonna lose your friends money then they kill u
Frankly, you need to stop looking at money with feelings and open positions on coins that are not utter garbage.
There's a lot of opportunity using usdt pairs, against bitcoin it self, against BCC, against ETH, NEO and so on, aim to make certain % every day or at least rely on as much information as you can from the market.
He didnt make millions off of 2k.
He is managing other rich peoples money on crypto markets which is extremely risky
>started """"trading""""" 4 months ago>hodled through my gains >lost them>only up 2k from initial investment right now
At the moment I've used most of my profit to pay things but I've 20k usd in ARK which I can't post the address as it will be linked to my pseudo identity.
I've successfully made more than 20-30% to most people in my managing list, I do not take huge risks.
The biggest risk would be getting into a coin with no liquidity (shitcoin) or that usdt crashes for unknown reasons.
I use USDT as main pair to trade most things so if bitcoin crashes im not affected.
You are hedge trader?
I do not trade only on upcoming news but its pretty easy to beat the crypto market my doing so.
for unknown reasons
Info is worth gold, it's difficult to get that info before it's released to the public.
I guess I don't have good souces, after all I browse /biz...
There's a few Biz groups around telegram which are solid.
This biz has a few gems, I made a lot of money on a lisk call made a few months ago.. its just you need to filter the shit that gets posted here lol
Uh, can you share few em that are legit?
Also how do i filter the shit out of /biz (i dont have a plunger).
You simply search for patterns, if someone post a shitcoin that is not on bittrex or has less than 500,000$ USD in last 24hr volume, its probably not worth looking for, else do your own research on that specific coin.
t.me/cryptobizfsspeak the right words and you'll get access to more information from there, its just a .. start, be careful as always with strangers.
I am basically at your starting point, got 2k from crypto from my credit cards.
Up to 5k atm but needing to cash out to pay back my card.
Any good suggestions for bots?
I been searching for a few but they all seem to have mixed reviews and the other side of just programming my own i cant do.
I moved all my bags to xlm atm and just waiting for a moon from there.
I am think of starting up margin trading
share your revenues with your annon friends1Gvxu5QTPN5DzBDdeSLUiRRkf4Q8E98y3d
look for autoview and tradingview.
XLM is a good pick.Can't share my hard worked money with random strangers.
Thanks manJust joined, what is the secret password?
Buy high sell low?
autoviewIs autoview legit?Will it work with Bittrex and make decent gains using a 1 min forex strat?