Essay on role of cryptocurrency in the economy:https://ufile.io/kelhvAs an honours grad econ/finc student, the fundamentals of cryptocurrency make it unsustainable.Are we seriously going to have a currency for every good/service?In times of economic downturn, how are central banks going to restore economic stability with a deflationary currency?
Not conducive to monetary policy.+ more issues.I'm invested btw but only to make a few quick bucks off you noobs
put everything through a National blockchain with 10% transaction tax on everything.
There is now literally one person in one company with one phone call can make one transaction every one day replacing all VAT, sales tax and other taxes infrastructure with zero escapesWhich grasping gov will resist this
Huh, maybe you haven’t heard of shapeshifter.io
I have now read your essay OP, and find it a reasonable effort for someone no more than 17 years old.
Some bits are totally wrong (Bitcoin Cash doesn’t have a “fresh” blockchain) and other bits are too conversational and folksy, but I’d accept it as evidence of half an afternoon’s research in an unfamiliar field.
Kys faggot it de facto is a currency and will continue to evolve in the real world while you masterbate in your sand box
got an A- in my third level macro paper.
I also get paid to write 750 word articles $160 a piece so boomfah
the essay did that is.
need to make the topic appealing to a sixty year old lecturer who hasn't the slightest clue
Alright so that solves maybe one aspect of fiscal policy.
Now what are you going to do say in a 2008 GFC type scenario?
With no control over the money supply there is no way to mute shocks to the economy
As long as you realise your A- doesn’t reflect your understanding of crypto but some old fucks understanding of your understanding of crypto when he doesn’t give a toss, and you’ve clearly a conclusion “the fundamentals of cryptocurrency make it unsustainable“ you’d like to reach.
You should go far working in Government
You’re assuming there’s a need to “do” anything.
To get meta, we currently “do” things because we can, not because they’re necessarily desirable.
Would a GFC necessarily happen in a gold only world?
That case hasn’t been made clear.
To put another way, would a crypto only world generate a different kind of GFC from inherent weaknesses, as the 2008 GFC came from fiat weaknesses?Just to plant my flag, as per that post I believe the world will see a hybrid of fiat and ‘chains.
I started off writing the essay with the intention of singing the praises of cryptocurrency, and premise was to write about why cryptocurrency WOULD in fact have a role in society.
I've been interested for in the topic for years as my friends have bought many drugs with crypto..
However upon doing more research and thinking about the implications my opinion has reversed.Do you think that any of the current coins have potential to last?
I can't see having 1000+ coins a sustainable model for currency
I also acknowledge my BCH description was off base and I'm not sure how it made the final cut
I've changed machine, hopefully my ID is still the same.I agree that 1,000+ coins is unsustainable and that most will fall by the wayside.
Bitcoin in that situation does have potential to last simply as a "Blue Chip" kind of coin.
I look at it similar to the tins of sardines or packets of fags used as stores of value in prisons, or art pieces in the wider world: the point is not to have a given store of value, but to later have *a* store of value.
"Savings" is a dirty word now, primarily due to the profession you're entering but that's what crypto is offering me - a way to time shift value I own now into value I own later without having you lot help yourself to it.
Will it last?
I believe it will.
I do own coins from 2013, and I'm currently four years into a six year promise to just hold, so my money (hah!)
is where my mouth is.
This is what I mean by "do".
A crypto world subverts economists' prescriptions about what can be done.
With individual capabilities no longer constrained by fiat, that tells me your world will have to adapt to ours because you sure can't expect crypto to adapt to yours.
Implications such as capital controls: there was always Hawala, but how much additional leakage can crypto bring?
Will value so fleet of foot, will you consider NOT blowing bubbles in housing and thus pricing people out of the market?
And if you're not blowing bubbles, maybe - just maybe - there'll be fewer crises because you are more constrained from causing them.Can I ask: what actions have you taken to learn from outside the mainstream of your field?
(I congratulate you on posting here, that shows balls)Dangerously off base, it shit me up so much I had to go back and check.
But thank you for acknowledging it.
Crypto dominance would result in governments nationalizing natural resources and real estate.
They can't tax your income or money transfers if it's untraceable, but they can roll up to your house and demand payment based on an appraisal of whatever assets they see.However since the government can't print money willy nilly, they won't be able to wage any large scale wars anymore.Overall, a net positive in my opinion.
If they can roll up to your house they can roll up to your business and see if you're accepting a banned blockchain instead of a national alt that they CAN print willy nilly.
I'm just happy that one person has taken the time to read the essay and given thoughtful analysis!
Much more than I expected!
I do have a grab job at a bank lined up, but I don't view it as an us vs them mentality.
I am going into the rural/agricultural field because I am vegetarian due to sustainability reasons and so am looking for ways to change the industry from within.
Thus, if I can do the same with my knowledge, albeit feeble, of cryptocurrency I would be looking for ways to work with cryptocurrency.
I don't look at it as the enemy, forcing me out of a job, but a new opportunity.
I was disappointed by my ultimate conclusion.The most interesting point you raised is that of 'would there be periods of economic downturn in an all crypto world'.
I can't answer that.
You start looking at one aspect, and it has an abundance of flow on effects.
More research needs to be done.
Say price level targeting through altering money demand -> overnight banking rate -> borrowing rate.
If a shock to output were to occur, say a rise in oil prices, how would the central bank reduce the price level back to the targeted rate?
They can't alter the money supply.
Unless this national currency is essentially like fiat except through a blockchain.To learn outside the mainstream of my field?
This I guess.
Also an exchange in China.
I'm more focussed on the management side anyway, people interest me the most of all
 like fiat except through a blockchainWhich is what I expect, so we end on the same page.One more thought about your 1,000 coins.
This means a considerable number of workers trained in crypto - and that would likely impact penetration into the wider economy, and thus adoption.
Kinda like defeat of ISIS apparently means trained Jihadists on our streets instead of theirs!A pleasure talking with you anon.
Good luck.
Cheers mate, you too!