Token: Astronaut (ASTRO)Marketcap: $3,000,000Circulating Supply: 4,000,000https://astronaut.capital/Trading Link: https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETHSmall description: Astronaut (ASTRO) has launched on Etherdelta, days earlier than the first exchange listing is due.ASTRO is a dividend earning token run by Picolo Research, who will invest the funds raised in the ico in new icos and crypto ventures.
Token holders will share a quarterly dividend of 50% of profits, with 40% being reinvested to increase Astronaut's earning capacity.
Picolo has a proven track record of making high return picks throughout the ico boom so far: ZRX, EVX, LINK, DNT.The best part is, there's only 4 million tokens in circulation, as 46 million were burned after not being sold during ico.
That means more shares earned per coin.
Each coin is currently valued at $1 - the same as ico price.
In December they'll launch their app and pay the first dividend too.
Not listed on coinmarketcap also.
Literally begging for a moon.
do they pay out dividends in eth or what?
shut up fucking pajeet
yup, in eth.
so what group is pumping this?
also why the fuck would they not just apply to be on etherdelta
how are those link bags feeling mate?
i didnt touch that disgusting shitcoin.
SALT all the way baby
Fucking pajeets, why cant you at least read the whitepaper or the fucking op before you start blatantly fudding?
Here is your answer which you do not deserve pajeet.has launched on Etherdelta, days earlier than the first exchange listing is due.By buying now your getting in earlier than 90% of everyone else.
EPY FAGGOTSits actually listed
and why would they list it on etherdelta?
why is it not even officialy listed on etherdelta?
why has this shitcoin been sitting for months doing nothing until now?
How do you even buy on etherdelta, shit is so fucked up
stay away from this shitcoin bro please just save your money dont get scammed
dont buy this shitOP and faggot bought at .003 and now its at .0077 with huge walls, not officially listed the only faggots buying are bizbetter off buying EPY, which is still at base level, and has great volume, actually listed, and has PHD MBA team
Token sale ended on Oct 5 the actual listing is supposed to be on Nov 15 The rest should automatically be known by any regular trader in the market.Also all of your questions have been solved by just looking at the whitepaper.
Fucking pajeets cant read for shit then start FUDingyou look like a retard bro
Only 8% of ICO sold>Hidden gemHaven't you got a street to be shitting on?
Just go to the link in the OP and buy from there dont listen tohes just a pajeet struggling with research.go make your own thread on your own shitty coin LOL at EPY its been at the same price all day and only going lower.
You do realize there is a company called airbnb doing the exact same thing?
I pick my coins wisely which is why i will make more money than you ever will.
this is an obvious pump and dump.
Once again, another FUCKING PAJEET FUDing without doing any research.
All the coins that werent sold were BURNEDil go back to my "street" or whatever but you go back to barnes and noble if they even have that in pajeet country
so do i faggoti bought dgb , sia ripple lisk all in 2016 made a shit loadthis is waiting to be one dollar EPY that isits not tanking you idiot, its going up
All the coins that werent soldThis is my point your fucking spaz.
Only 8% of the ICO sold out because nobody wants it.
Now go kill yourself.>Pajeet shilling his scammy shitcoin calling others pajeetNice projection faggot.
Now kys
no u cant get any bags for cheap, you have to buy at current price like the rest of us.I also bought epy at 0.00028 and sold at 0.00054wanna know why i sold?
Il let u guess.
LMAO at all of the FUD on this coin that was just listed today and it isn't even an official listing yet ahahaha.
Just scrolled by this thread thinking nothing then I saw the FUD and wanted to join in because I like shutting down pajeets but instead I just bought this because I realized all the FUD is false info people are making up to buy cheap.Thanks op see you on the moonAlso screenshotted all the FUD to post later when pajeets go on sucide watch
im not wasting my time guessing
but your wasting your time FUDing so whats the answer?
Because there is already a competitor for this coin at 40 mil market cap, you do realize if this even gets to a quarter of that how big the gains are right?Finally someone smart, cya on the moon anon
false infoWhat I said is literally correct and admitted in the OP you fucking nigger.
Go look at ICOs that didn't sell out and see what happened to them.
How about look at icos that did?
Where is Kyber right now?
Way below ICO price.That isnt a factor at all, it just means how many people knew about the coin/marketingListen if i didnt believe this coin I wouldnt have went all in on it.
How about look at icos that did?Confido sold out in 30 seconds and x2'd on ED before the tokens were even distributed, then x15'd after, and it was fairly low key.
Your shitcoin only sold 8% at ICO.
8 FUCKING %!
Top kek
Reply to me in 2 months and tell me where confido will be then.
This was literally the same story for Kyber, ICO sold out then it mooned only to go back below ICO price TOP KEKAs I said, ICO sales mainly depend on marketing, the real money comes in when a coin gets listed on exchanges which this isnt even barely.How many times do I gotta repeat that for your pea sized pajeet brain to understand?
the real money comes in when a coin gets listed on exchangesTell that to every coin/token that dumped straight after being listed.
You can't even keep your facts straight and you want me to buy your shitcoin that only sold 8% of the ICO.
Just kill yourself.
The undersell is literally the best thing about this coin.
Every coin shares 50% of the hedgefund profits every quarter.
Instead of getting 1/50,000,000 share, it's now a 1/4,000,000 share.
Of course he won't reply, he just wants to buy in cheap.Op just don't listen to these cock sucking pajeets, you literally destroyed them with facts and yet again they still try, with the same arguement LOL
I dont want you to buy anything, its your choice and even if I did i dont want your .1 eth TOP KEK>Tell that to every coin/token that dumped straight after being listed.Your looking at shitcoins buddy, not promising projects
It's gone from being, >Hey cool a small dividend, that'll keep the price activity happyTo>Holy shit this is the crypto passive income opportunity I've been waiting for.I don't even know why I'm bothering because clearly there's no point ever selling this, the dividend is the real win, not the price increase.
I seriously recommend reading into this coin and planning how to get in before it officially launches.
Yup especially after they burned all the tokens that didnt sell, thats a really good fucking move.
The undersell is literally the best thing about this coinIf nobody wanting to buy your shitcoin is the best thing about it then it can't have anything else going for it.
I'm done with this thread, you guys are too much
nope ALL IN EPY
When your only arguement and FUD is how much of the ICO was soldDon't fucking kill me bro LOL
Thats a good thing retardWhen no one wants to sell the supply decreases and demand increases.
Look at the trading history.I honestly wonder what your iq is.
Every reply you post makes me feel like im talking to a wall.
Please stop embarrassing yourself.
ik god damn this pajeet wants to buy cheaply so badly, you can see through his bullshit that he knows the coin is good.
Astronaut will have a team of trading experts researching and investing in crypto as their full time job.
Because 92% of tokens for burned, each token will now receive $0.125 for each $1 million profit they make per quarter.
Holy shit this must be a great buy, look at all this fucking fud.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88
How do you buy when no one is selling at the curent price ?
Wrong link.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETH
you need to eat a sell order, its the only way unfortunately
Shit better go to Saturn pajeet
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7c5usn/astro_astronaut_capital_worth_a_look/
Holy shit thats huge, once it gets more upvotes and reddit buys were going to the moon, that alone is what could send us flying!
Thx for posting anon.
buy order goes through>un-downvote post and upvote
fucking genius, I knew the FUDDers were doing exactly that!
Lmao, making this thread was a mistake, op.
/biz/tards who forgot they bought this are now seeing that it tripled and they're all dumping right now
Thats fine, the real moon is for those who wait patiently, as always.
Works fine for me, more chance of accumulating.
It doesn't matter what the coin is worth, each still gets its share of the quarterly dividend in December.
Tonight I am feeling like an astronaut sending SOS from this tiny box