JUST A VERGEN GIRLLIVING IN A JUSTED WORLD
omedetō, HST-sani hope you did well with the HST moon
Anyone holding verge deserves what is coming.A fucking plunge to shitcoin levels.
10 sats at most.
I'm so fucking done with verge retards.SO FUCKING DONEI TRY TO WARN THESE SHITHEADS EVERYTIME BUT THEY KEEP DEFENDING IT verge holders are truly the most deluded and retarded of any crypto holders I av ever I have ever met
better sell now and buy back at 5 satoshis.
there's no reason for this shitcoin to ever recover.
maybe, it feels bad to sell for a 50% loss thoughd-domo
again, post a pic of you wearing panties with vergen written on your thighsand i will compensate your losses
n-no, im a pure girl (male)(｡>﹏<｡)
do it slut
You're too late bud.
M'lady's heart is mine.Also the HST moon still hasn't made my money back, bought in at around $0.30, still thanks though
oh ok, i hope you make up your losses with hst eventually, it does look like a promising coin, i will probably also invest in it next year
Next year is probably too late if you want to make some money.
IF it even launches off that is although I've seen some promosing news so who knows.
Good luck though.
XVG on the other hand seems to be declining even more and it doesn't look like it'll get better.
Listen to the shills and pajeets and just sell it, you atleast didn't make any losses
Are you still holding your 7k verge?
KekAt this point you're just doing it to make this thread everyday
i think i actually will tonight, probably wont be another vergen girl post tomorrow then i dont thinkk?
try 1k, im not that rich yet
Well, best of luck to you.
Thanks again for these fun threads, and who knows maybe in a couple of weeks/months I'll be making HST JUST threads.Or join the HST wild ride with your 20 bucks worth of ETH and maybe just maybe it'll be 100 bucks at the end of the year.-HSTAnon
And it will feel even worse when you'll lose that half you can still recover
thanks for visiting me every day HST-sanmaybe we'll meet in daily hst'd threads in the futurei guess, hoping i can sell at 70 at least
One more thing, recommend me some pure consensuel girl on girl anime.
u show me your boipuss right now and ill give u 1k HSTRIGHT FUCKING NAO
strawberry panic is a favourite of minevalkyrie drive: mermaid is good too
Thanks, I'll check em out tonight.
'Till some other time.