>I-its gonna moon next year for sure>value won't stop droppingWelp I'm 10k inHow much money did you lose on this?
Are you fucking kidding me?
REQ = LINk plague.
This coin will never moon, it is overvalued af and the competition is was too strong.
REQ doesn't even have the first mover adventage.
Gl holding the bags
Not really dropping, just sidewalking at resistance price.
But yeah I'm down around 3k
if its gonna moon next year why do you care if its dropping atm?
LINK had its moon, REQ haven't yet.
Because they’re from a pump/dump group, coordinated fudding26k req and I’m $50 boo hoo how am I going to live
Lost 2k if I sell now, which I wont because I am not a fucking retard.
I did buy the dip but didn't really make me feel any better anout this.
DESU was looking at quick flipping req but now thinking I will hold med-long term.Might just pump some more fiat in so I can play around elsewhere.
Some semi-decent ICO's coming up.
you must be new to this shit.this is how crypto works.you want green day everyday?
you want to time the bottom?just dollar cost average.just set it and forget it.
Probably holding OMG and they perceive REQ as a threat
True LINK is even better than this shitcoin
REQ is one of those coins that will succeed, bigly, if it delivers on its product.However this will take time (Think years) just like it did for ETH and BTC.
And during that time shitcoins will moon and dump left right and center which will cause weak hands to FOMO out, including yourself possibly.Most people think they can hold, but when push comes to shove or the market looks slightly bearish they get the fuck out.
The best way to profit from REQ is to either buy in with money you can afford to lose and just let it do its thing for a year or two.Take a look at the archive of people who are saying they did exactly that with ETH in 2015, people talking about throwing $2000 down at those prices, ignoring the FUD and the dips, and saying they would hold it for a few years.
If they actually did what they planned guess where they would be now?
LINK and REQ are partnered.
Whatever lol.
As long as top holders keep accumulating I feel pretty comfy
this.
adhd riddled fags that want to jump off every coin the moment they see red will never make big money.
they wouldve jumped off eth when it was under a dollar for some scam coin.
as for me, im putting 100 bucks into req every week with my paycheck.
Oh and for the time I have been in crypto, if people are shitting on a coin that hasnt had its day, its the right time to buy.I bought WTC in the middle of the China "Bans Bitcoin for the 8th time" panic when everyone (reddit and /biz) was shitting on it for being a poorly translated, shady as fuck project and NEO was dumping like a pile of shit.
Within a few weeks(?)
it went from 1.50 USD to over 8.
Guess what people were saying about WTC after it hit 6-8?
They were asking if it was still worth buying in and everyone was praising the projects future.The day of ICO flipping is over for the most part, Crypto is maturing now, big players are getting involved.
2018 is all about people buying in on financial tokens like REQ, LINK, OMG and the like and waiting for the overall crypto marketcap to explode.
(disclaimer: I hold LINK and REQ).
yup.
the old adage is true: if biz is shitting on something, buy it.
110k reqlet here.
1ether in the green atm.
I lost like 20k of my req stack gambling on shitcoins i'd probably kill myself about that once REQ reaches a dollar a year from now but on the other hand the rest of my holdings will be 140k bucks so maybe i won't
If this shitcoin doesn't move in Q4 2017 then we will see a new ATL.
Be ready boys
Its literally not expected to do anything until 2018 you fucking turbocuck get the fuck out can you not read
$5k at ICO price - all my crypto cash tied in this meant I missed the confido ICO I was whitelisted on.
k 3eth green but it's getting close.
Can't wait for the update next Friday.
Going to be huge.
Wants a moon mission every day, or within a week of purchasing, with no knowledge or insights, or having done no workDay traders will hang on the day of the rope, along with the other undesirables.
confido ICODodged a bullet m8.