Power Ledger won't stop.
It can't stop.
Momentum is too huge, it's execution was flawless.Out the gate with BOOM- partnerships with billion dollar companies, working product, top notch team & developers who communicate with investors, proven Tesla communications, real world implementation, government backing, and a mission to make the world a better place!This sets Power Ledger above and beyond 99.99% of coins available right now, most of which are basically confidos who haven't hightailed it with investor money yet.And now, Power Ledger in India??
THAILAND???
WHAT??
?The momentum can't be stopped, this coin is too powerful, the team is too strong.
I dropped 50% of my crypto gains into this miracle.
I'm scared, this coin will make me a multimillionaire, my bank account is unprepared.
Hiw much you holdin bro?
k powr.Yeah, I'm feeling pretty good right now..
meh this is the start where appliances will require x amount of tokens to use.Want to use ur coffee?
Deposit 0.001 of coin into this wallet.
crashes nowHAHAHAHAJHAHAHHAHAXD
How did you manage to get to 200k coins?
nice man, enjoy wojack posting next week when everyone realizes the actual use of the token and how long it will take for it to be worth holding itthat or when it touches $1 in the next couple of days and dumps to 50 cents
Uh, what partnerships?
Someone post proof etc please, thanks.
it wasn't hard in early November
This, it’s all just text - no actual news websites reporting anything about any of the supposed mergers or anything.I bought in at 40c and glad but there’s no proof for anything announced at all, just a few Wordpress sites
I'm convinced now: if /biz/ shills it, it's trash.
The next Confido.
The next Bancor.
The next BitBean.
And on and on and on and on and on.When will we, as a board, move past this?
>missed out again despite having had my mouse hovering over the buy button at 4000sat
Bought in around 22 cents.
I just had a feeling about this one, then when I did research I was like holy shit, and doubled down instantly at 24 cents.
45042374504266Are you guys fucking retarded?-Team is top notch.
Multiple Oxford masters and PHD degrees, JP Morgan Chase Background, top 3 team members have 25+ years of experience in green renewable energy.
Co-founder is Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia’s capital city-Partnership with Origin Energy, Australia’s largest energy provider, also operates in NZ and India.
Team has said in slack that other partnerships are confirmed.-Tech Mahindra, a billion dollar Indian tech energy firm, partnership confirmed-8 Million dollar investment from the Australian government.
This alone should signal something to you.-Working product out the gate.
Supporting Apps and infrastructure also complete.
It’s ready to go and being used right now.-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr is already compatible with Tesla Home battery and car batteries-I’s a finalist at CES Las Vegas 2018.
-Their smart grid will be live and working in Fremantle, Perth in THREE WEEKS-Major energy crisis in Australia, massive solar panel investment.
Watch any of the dozens of youtube videos on this crisis.
PL is solving this as we speakAll partnerships are confirmed and real.
This coin is going to 1billion market cap in a week at this rate.
Get in or kys out of regret in 3 days.And yes, all partnerships are real.
Look it up yourselves, I'm not going to do ALL the homework for you idiots.
if /biz/ shills it its trashBetter sell any crypto you have.
Yea everyone sees through this scam and is ignoring it.
Just to let you guys know.
People are on to all the PnD crews on /biz/.
WE ARE THE POWERMARINES
Fuck neo hard in the fucking ass dumped my stack because i thought they actually had insane news
4504266Do you retards know how to use The Google?
FFS.
Do you have to be spoonfed everything?http://www.baka.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.html
This.
So fucking sick of anons that won't even do one 30 second search on Google, say "what partnerships?
there's no proof!
It's a scam!"
and then go on here expecting to be spoonfed everything.
I mean, ffs the first results on Google are reports from Australian newspapers about the government grants and partnerships.
baka.com.au
Goddamn word filters, haha.
It's Sydney Morning Herald
Just a reminder.Tech Mahindra is a pajeet technology farm that pays their employees below industry average.
A partnership with this company means nothing.
They will produce a trash prototype and then the project will be abandoned.
I have worked at Tech Mahindra as a white male.
It is not a place you want to be, the employees know nothing.
They train you in a program that codes for you, copy and paste.
If you ever have to do something unique coding wise (which this project will require) I can guarantee no progress will be made on this project.TLDL ABANDON SHIP, THIS PROJECT WILL DIE.
LOL you live in your mom's moldy basement, have never had a job, and eat nothing but hotpockets.
kys please!-twitter.com/lambolydia
Ahh Teeka shills a coin and SUDDENLY it's the most amazing shit that can never drop but only rise.Cool story OP, I already got out.
Good luck with your shitcoin.
Lmfao, you're going to be holding those bags forever.
Six months from now this project will die, I have seen countless projects be abandoned at Tech Mahindra.
The partnership means nothing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alvVMItfIbw
Link has much bigger names attached to it, and look what happened.
>part of a local utility project currently has double the market cap Chainlink has ever hadIf ever you needed confirmation that the crypto market is retarded, there you go.
We're investing in Power Ledger not Tech Mahindra you fucking retard.
LOL.
Not sure why I'm even speaking with seeing as how your a fat lying piece of shit living in a moldy basement larping about working at an indian tech firm.
yep me too, NEO fucked me yet again
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
Why do you think they partnered with Tech Mahindra retard?It's so they can outsource the development work.You're fucking finished, enjoy your bags.
LMAO you 4chan retards are hilarious.
You guys must love ur wagecuck slave virgin lives huh?
Money is knocking on the fickin door and you guys just dismiss it because you're salty u blew everything on chain link and confido lololllll you guys are hopeless.
Is this a good time to rebuy?
you actually must hate money don't you?
Give me the best case scenario until the end of the year.
2 dollars?
$3.00-$5.00
They just got a $10million contract from dubai!!!
Moon to $2.00 when news breaks
I'm having trouble believing growth this fast is natural.
Are we expecting this to crash soon?
SOURCE???
?/
sauce?
It's a fucking anomaly dude.
Get on or stay poor
FML I was trading thousands of these daytrading a week or so ago.
Should have held and not just been scouting for pennies, I must have ADD.
YOU WILL NEVER MAKE IT ANYWHERE FAGS!!!
!POWER LEDGER IS RUN BY TWO DEVS LIKE CONFIDO!!!
STEVE JOBS JUST INVESTED 500 MIL IN TO THIS
Is it too late to buy?Do I buy?
Thinkin about putting in ~0.2 btc in this.Will it moon more?
lol, with no working product.
hype partnerships?
digibyte 3.0


Wait a few hours
lol this coin will reach 12k in a few hours

Wait for a dip?Is it legitimate going up by EOY?
I'm already on, fool.
I'm asking if I need to consider jumping off and when.
Set a stop loss below the average fallback each time and just wait
Breaking: Power Ledger just laid off 100 workers in their France plant.
Time to get out!
stfu stupid nigger
my coin is so cool and special that it only goes up.
no one ever takes profits they just buy buy buy!
we're all south korean!
Stop being mad you missed your train to lamboland
ShitttttttttttI got in the day it launched on bittrexJust like to see all the 4chan preteens lose their heads when this is an obvious long hold coin.
Fuck it, I'm tired of waiting for a good entry point while watching it moon at absurd rates.
I'm just gonna buy and hold, play the long game
Wait for the dip noob.
give it 1 hr.
all you tards trying to day trade this don't realize that this isn't a shit coin, it's a train heading straight to lambo land and there are no breaks.It will hit 1B market cap in a few days.
Get in now.-twitter.com/lambolydia
Missed on DayTrading it today, realized this is a swing.
Said fuck it, bought at 10350 after the great dip and recovery.
Now I'm just going to observe and learn for a week.Realized I feared to hold this, because my emotions are too attached to emotions.See you next week faggots, when this is 1.60$.There's no way with all this volume this isn't hitting 1bn Market Cap.Screen capping this for further use.
I'm out of you pajeets scaring me off.
Bought at 58c then flipped, and bought more at 52c, then flipped.
Now I bought at 85c and realized this isn't going down anymore.I'm out.
emotions attached to money*
emotions are too attached to emotions
what if I told you popular promising coins with fundamentals are actually the best for day trading
> bots pls...
see
There's no way with all this volume this isn't hitting 1bn Market Cap.You must be new here
Its going up though...
Alright just sold at a small profit.
I really hope you're right about this.
what if I told you that making paltry 3-5% gains successfully by flipping, even multiple times, puts you at extreme risk to be left behind during a sudden announcement or partnership which would cause a huge rise in price and wipe out your "muh day trading gains" completely and leave you with less coins than you began with if you bought back in>twitter.com/lambolydia
The "big" dip already happened.
Going up now.
Buy the news>Flail wildly during rumors>Sell low
So when do you guys think the correction is gonna come?
When you buy
Me:>hold>become billionaireYou:>day trade like a dumbass who doesn't know how to invest>lose everything via death from a thousand paper cuts>twitter.com/lambolydia
Not anytime soon, this coin is incredibly undervalued, still.Will definitely reach 1B marketcap
It wasnt directed at you.
I was just demostrating the art of the /biz/ trader.
:)
I made 10 percent of my portfolio up just by flipping this today.I am satisfied, gonna hold the profits for now.
the correction is gonna come?>implying the price isn't correct>implying it won't go up>implying this is a pnd shitty pajeet coin>implying you shouldn't just buy 100k and go do something else for several weeks/months and come back and buy your lambo
Want to buy in, but afraid it's going to have a correction soon.
I had a bunch of VTC when it was at 80 cents, sold at 1.30, and saw dip at a dollar, kicking myself for it, and not want to have that happen again.
sorry.
follow me on twitter twitter.com/lambolydia
% on a 1000% runGG you did it.
Who cares.
Stop being greedy.
At the end of the day it's about accumulating btc.
Stop marrying your shit coins.
I would but follow but roasties give horrible financial advice
Government getting involved in IT, proud of their first cryptocurrency based project.
Government - IT.
Abandon ship, this is bound to fail.
i said "today" and "by flipping" anonreading comprehension
There's nothing to correct,
if you're scared then go get a fucking job.
turn off /biz/ for a week and make your own trades and learn for yourself.
I don't have a job because I'm severely autistic.
Where do you see this eoy?
Never
11k again>muh dip
Only thing you are missing out on is having a brain.
Fuck off with your fake mouse hovering bullshit.
Grow some testicles and get in faggot.
You think this is growth?
Wait until 6 months from now when this is a $10 coin.
Why does my heart break a little every time I see her smiling face?
I have no idea.
These price points people set are nothing but guesses backed up by whatever faith they believe in.
It could be delisted, it could be at a 1bn market cap, who knows.
That's why you need to ignore people like me and do your own trades.
Because you're secretly gay and wish you could live life as a woman?
How the fuck should I know?Follow me on twitter twitter.com/lambolydia
 dollar would make it on par with LTC.
or am I calculating wrong here?
hurrr durr it could be delisted, it could be 1 trillion, WHO KNOWS?!?
!People should ignore people like you because you're a fucking giant dumbass not because they should do their own trades.We do know.
This coin is incredibly underrated right now.
Do you understand that there has never been a coin in a position like Power Ledger?
Omisego went to 800MM market cap with some shitty thai mcdonalds announcement.
PL is partnered with giant energy companies like Origin (australia's largest energy provider), government back, etc etc etc.
I'm honestly so tired of typing it out for you idiots over and over again.Just buy the fucking coin, hold, and thank me later you fucking idiots.
It's going to 1B market cap within a week most likely.
It is the most well executed coin crypto has ever seen and will begin live trials in 3 weeks.
JUST BUY IT GOD DAMN.-twitter.com/lambolydia
4508147I could only afford a little under 500 of them so we'll see where it goes.
If it reached 2 dollars i'd be able to buy my grandmother a nice xmas present.
i wish i had a grandmother to buy a present for.
If a bunch of autismos on 4chin know that this is a genius investment, then why hasnt Neptuned already from big investors?
Who knows though is the correct answer.
Any day news could come out the lady died, the whole thing was a fraud, AUS govt pressing charges, the coin could get widespread and be adapted by the entire state also.
Who knows?!
Don't be a stubborn faggot and put so much faith in this.
I'm all in, but I'm also realistic about the possibilities.
I personally believe this is a top 10 coin easy, however that can easily change and you should have that variable plugged in.
Awww so cute ^^
What are you willing to do if you're wrong?
There's ~1000 btc buying volume on bittrex and some people are up 10x.
It has neptuned
back over 11k satsare we selling at $1?
Im selling at 4-5$ each
this is the wholesome content I come to /biz/ for.
Thank you, anon and all the best to granny.
Moon = x10Mars = x20Jupiter = x30Neptuno = x40
I'm all in baby.
Should've just realized this when it was hovering around 6.8k.
See you guys at $10.
Oh come on, we know you just made that up.
it is over 10k
I love my grandma.
She's the best person in my life so I want her to be happy.
Its a pump n dump
Jeeeesus.
I went "all in" on 34 cents and I could only afford 5k.
You're a rich boy
If for no other reason I hope it skyrockets just for the sake of you and your nana anon.
Godspeed.
lmao.
You can't pnd with such a high volume
Hahaha.
You're so fag and you don't even know it.
IN ACTUAL NEWS, THE CO-FOUNDER AND DIRECTOR OF POWR WAS ASKED TO HELP RUN TAP OIL COMPANY.
Stay Poor.
We don't want you in here, pleb.
Exactly.Btw once this blasts off again, 10.7k-11k will be the new floor.
Fake news you SLRfaggot pleb
Yea, and?
"I'm satisfied."
*knows he ISN'T fucken satisfied*
>tfw Etherdelta is frozenwell fuck
I bought at 11400 a few hours agostill waiting for the green
Kek these sell walls are getting demolished
please tell me its gonna dip i sold at 10500
buy back in its almost there.
11k is floor
I bought this coin at 17 cents.
I'm crying tears of joy right now
This thing has legs for days still on all the charts.
The train doesn't stop for you pussies.
Grab on tight or stay poor forever.
Is it still a good Idea to buy in at 11k sats?
I've been busy lately so I haven't had the time to buy the dip and now I'm afraid the gain train won't stop for me to get in.
You didn't sell, your grip was too weak to hang on.
Better use those gains to buy a telescope if you want to watch us on the way to the moon.
At this point, anything below $1 is a good buy.
It will be at $1.00 by the end of the day.
We were hoping for by the end of weekend, but everyone is getting on now.
I've seen sell walls getting destroyed twice in the past 24 hours.
It's a necessity to get it now before the floor is $1 or the story of how you got rich won't be as impactful.
This is it.
Buy in the next 30 seconds.
It's about to go up again.
Bought more at 11k and not even slightly scared.
Most I bought in 5-7k range
4508700Thanks, I'll be cutting some bags loose get a decent stack and get in below the impending $1 support.
set your buy orders for 9500 boys
wut dude
dumps down 3min lateranon...
4508807yes its supposed to go up and down
can anyone show me how I can buy some?
4508832Just hold your shit.
The dip was a little bigger than expected, but it's going up.
they have it on bittrex
easy way:make binance accountmake coinbase accountbuy eth from coinbase, move the eth to binancebuy powr with ethgrats you a crypto investor/trader now
Niggas, can i store POWR in myEtherWallet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7n0lKm1SbAs
that's it, as an aussie that's how i did it when i started last week.
i think its there as one of the default tokens on the listso yes
It's over boys.
There is no hope for this shitcoin.
im not holding any of this pnd coin, cuck.
a good execution is great for pnd, and thats it.
>imaginary power is worth 1b nowyou realize that only 33% of tokens are in circulation right?
4509047Good luck to you then.
I'll stick with this one until it reaches $5 by the end of December.
This
 u some sad ass niggas u kno that?
salty asses probably lost everything on confido and potcoin
This nigga signing his posts with a twitter is most def a shill this is a coordinated strike and hes pumping and dumping all over your cuck faces
nigga u delusional asf, u will regret this
I'm definitely not a pajeet.
If you don't buy this coin you're going to regret it.
Even if there are shills promoting this, everything they say about the coin is true.
The fudders literally have to make up lies and you can see right through it.Bottom line- there has never been an investment in crypto as solid and surefire as Power Ledger.
You're a fucking dumbass if you don't buy in.Also, I'm not getting "paid" to shill.
Who the fuck would pay me?
You think Power Ledger has time to find shills to pay in secret?
No, they have a good product and they know it, they know we'll do the work for them because we're invested as well.But I am promoting my newly made twitter.
I've made an ton in crypto and have some pretty good advice I think.
Follow me for free tips.-twitter.com/lambolydia
This guy is the most delusional one here.
Can't wait to see the wojaks once this shitcoin is back at 3000 sats.
How is this a bad coin?
Can anyone actually give a reason...I've done my own research and I'm struggling
Wow, there's really no helping you, is there?
You literally deserve to stay poor and eat hotpockets for the rest of your life.
also literally kys
You fucking wojaks arent smarter than the chinese and other investors, theres no way you would get in before they would
you sound like a fucking idiot.
get out of my thread.
"Many companies do ICO's with concepts when they haven't actually developed the platform, where we have a platform with real-life applications.
"This is a quote from the stupid Jew bitch in OP's post.She literally didn't even specify that they have actually developed anything.
All she said is that it has real world application.She implies that they have developed something, concealing the fact that they don't have anything but an idea.
Which is literally all the companies that she was describing in the first sentence.This will go no where you morons.
Not an argument
Imagine some good news tomorrow or announcment of partnership huehuehuehuehue