I have 4000 US dollars.
Tell me what to do with it
Enroll in homosexuality removal therapy
Already did, the 4 grand is what's left after paying for the treatment
give it all to 1 (one) homeless man
Potcoin
chainlink
>buy UPRO in the morning>sell it at night>repeat dailyYou can't lose, Trumponomics faggot.
Invest in chain link.
Go all in and hold for a couple months.
It will moon.
Put it into eth and hold until decemberThis shit is gonna rocket
Half in an established, relatively safe coin.
Bitcoin or Ethereum.
Half in a higher risk, completely different coin.
Iota.
Buy a klr650 and put all this crypto nonsense behind you
k into bitcoin 1k into monero.
then never sell or get shilled on any shitcoins.
1/3 BTC, 1/3 ETH, 1/3 XMR.
.
Accumulate POWR & RCN.
2. hodl.
3.
Stand by for Apollo Gains Mission
neo, btc, monero, eth, = 80% portfolio 20% shitcoins like link, ark, ethereum dark, deep onion.
since you're probably on coinbase, buy litecoins.
wouldn't it be better to have 55 whole coins instead of just under half of a single bitcoin?
No, faggot.
It's about percentage of increase
All in bitcoin cash unironically
25% BTC25% ETH25% IOTA25% ARKThank me later
what a fucking brainlet
monero bruv..
Cunningham's Law states "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
IOTA is led by a unprofessional raging refugee supporting dev.
No thanks.
100% XMR
All in on DOGE, moon has begun
get into POWR before it hits $2
All in on link
Also, BCNext, creater of full POS.
Vitalik has wet dreams about IOTA devs.
Stay out of IOTA and stay poor.
Why ark?
Great team and project.
Dividends.
One of the nicest wallets I've seen.
Mobile wallet coming by end of year.
This coin has been quite lately but is due for a major breakout.
Do your own due diligence but should have a bright future.
Check out the roadmap.
k XRP1k LTC2K XMR
45100234510467Never go all in unless you are willing to loose it
ETH, BTC, and Monero.
Do some research on the three and but 50% in the one you think you can trust the most.
25% each to the remaining two.
go all in on chainlink
This but XMR instead of ARK
That ID indicates truth
Why BTC?
Best advice I've ever seen on /bizI'd put the 50% in XMR
NOOOO MY LINKIES ARE GONE!!!!
!1
Pbc choice is dnt.
wise anon.
IOTA will be mid $1 in a couple weeks
what a fucking lie.
DNT is the epitome of shitcoin.