If it is swift related we will see $14 per LINK
I just fucking sold my 1057 link at a 98 cad loss for power, should I sell my power and get back on the link train?
sell LINK at rock bottom to buy an overhyped memecoin at its ATH after a x20 runi hope you aren't serious m8
Wasn't think from last month?
No I think I'm just retarded
No you fucking retard link is dead, power will keep mooning
Linkies get excited over literally nothing Lmao The "news" will be that they managed to hire someone... amazing
The absolute state of /biz/
You know the drill, if the news suck expect a mega dump.
the news always sucks
SWIFT will not announce anything until the mainnet is active.
Why would they?
SWIFT has nothing to gain by sticking their neck out and saying "We're going to use this untested technology".They will wait to see how the system works.
The GOOD news is that they are watching.
They are very interested.
That is why there is absolutely insane pressure on the smartcontract.com team to get it right the first time.
If it works, we're all rich.
Seriously.
If it's buggy, if there are unforeseen obstacles, or things like that, the big dogs won't get on board.
It might still be a success over a longer timescale, with smaller adopters driving it at first, but if the mainnet works out of the gate then it's done.
We've made it.
so true lel
It's link, the news will be both literally and figuratively shit.
MORE FUD LINK MARINES!
WE ARE MOONING AND THERE ISNT ANYTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I completely agree that I'm a dumbass, good thing everyone else on biz is on the same ship as me
That confido color ID
iirc this is exactly what Rory said at one point.
They don't want to announce anything before it's a sure thing.
He said the launch of mainnet must be perfect, so I expect it to take a long time, but it'll be worth it in the end.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
fuck you rory!
i just sold!
SiQF6KcsA5SdzfvtAgTG7qS5EnSmJ6KVAd
OH PLEASE JEEBUS
$14Fucking lord you niggers deserve to be poor NEETs