I'm offering $10 worth of litecoin to anyone who provide's Clif High's latest report.
Simply upload the report somewhere and post the address here along with your litecoin address.
Once I download it I'll send you $10 in litecoin.
What have you got to lose?
You not sending the Litecoin obviously.
Nice try scammer, set up a smart contract on Ethereum if you want your info.
I'll send it.
I've done it before.
Send 15$ to this address in the next 10 min.
I will post pastebin.
LgGnptGU6rrAmxAPPdQYS1CpJqmmfA4jUoyou are welcome.
Where is Confido when you need them?
Or post email I will send it there if you want it only for yourself.
MC8Caofg7ZqeNtkasrYVo2YmeHSTYXt4ER surprise me and i will share collection and new pbc article when its released
Just post the pdf for free, or else i will do it.
4470036report first.
It doesn't cost anything to post!
post it and your litecoin address.
Keep it, i don't need your pity money.
this post is like a perfect ad for smart contracts.... damn
4470059It cost me time to categorize everything and put in cloud , and i know u fags u never deliver after u get somethingand with pbc i post it here first so i would be loosing profits (not to mention i pay for these articles)
I will deliver, you'll see.
It will be on the blockchain.
Everyone will see.
We did this last month.
set up a smart contract on EthereumOT but - how do you go about doing this?
You mean I can do that for providing some kind of service...put ETH in escrow?
How?
I will deliver when u guys realize that info and time have a cost.Decide will close this bread in 20 mins and "Big T" send emails in less than 2h.
I know the information is valuable.
It just isn't worth $100 to me.
I'm not going to trade on it.
I just find it very interesting.
It's worth $10 to me, but if you must negotiate, I'll give you $15.
Post the report and I'll deliver the litecoin.
Moonleaker@protonmail.com i see that nobody wants to pool,k lets do this way , send me tx of each contribution , i send the contributers clifs report and pbc pic asap when i get it
will deliver LTC first to LiQm3AfsEv9kfE1XWq5AwQQyuv6sLLry1d
post first.
It doesn't cost you anything.
Thanks!
payment incoming...
4470872sent!
Download:https://drive.google.com/file/d/11JzqTP370KUAp8C7HtM3zBB0QMpS6zzp/viewLTC tips: LfgfVmmKQboFjKcqNbgzXHwSGnF2TntuvW
sent!https://live.blockcypher.com/ltc/address/LfgfVmmKQboFjKcqNbgzXHwSGnF2TntuvW/
.1 incoming
Only yesterday I watched a video of this guy talking about reptillians and other crazy shit, and now he's here.
How the fuck is he making all these assumptions.
Something like data mining ?>The spikes in new data in these descriptors include details around yet more 'crap coins' falling out of CryptoSpace, as well as'internal conflicts' within already launched companies that are forecast to be 'emerging' into the cryptocurrencies news circuits.
These internal conflicts stories are part of the larger, wider, meme of 'companies going kaput' due not to 'technology', but to 'arguments' about technology.tezos ?
It's already happened, though, so why is it in december
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_Botinb4 muh links
how correct are his predictions usually ?
Seems hard to beleive, I've also seen a video there he talks about 3k% or something OMG gainz in 2018.
He likes weird shit like Veritaseum.He also predicts big things for Populous which actually does look cool.His reports are good for perspective but I don't think I'd all-in just because Clif High likes a coin.