Is anyone here actually using technical analyses on cryptocurrency or is it just bad joke?
mostly just a scam to bait people into taking positions that will be detrimental although occasionally you can glean emotional hints from the buyers and sellers through the charts

all you can really do is join p'and'd groups such as https://discord.gg/c3XEgYR and at least get a heads up on when things spike
If you can purely tell where the price is going to go based on market depth, volume and charts - then you don't need a program to do it (if that's what you meant).
It's usually pretty obvious what is happening to the trained eye.Most important aspect is to keep your eye on the news, and if you're lucky to get in before a pump then that is good too.
betacuck soy boy lets refugee "teenager" fuck his wife while he watchesGeezuz christ sweden
like anything this depends on how smart and knowledgeable you are and how much you realize limitations and potential lack of applicability of ta indicators and insights to crypto.
theres obviously like 90% one trick pony libertarian/pajeets into the whole ta world but indicators themselves are neutral

Check out /r/bitcoinmarkets Some of these guys have made 30.000% ROI this year alone using TA.
4429964Its so nice that families and especially girls help those poor refugee children.
Buy bitcoins.
is it just bad joke?no it isn't but it's not severe like classic finance
just like all other walks of life, TA is good when YOU are good at itand even more importantly, TA is ONLY a trading planget caught up and think you can predict the future because of one or two good trades and you will lose so hard your head will spinyou need entry and exit points going BOTH WAYS, NEVER forget that
I mostly just use Fibonacci retracement, since crypto is a shit show anyways.
I've had pretty good success, when markets are rising I just hold though.
You have to be a freak to beat buy and hold with some of these coins.As other have said, biggest advantage you can give yourself is to be behind a computer, watching all news, and logged in ready to trade 24/7
TA is a bad joke.
It's for people who are confused by and scared of crypto markets.
All you really need to do in crypto is to buy low and sell high.
Shits bound to crash down or skyrocket up eventually.
kinda what this anon said.when a coin goes below my entry point, usually i'll just hold it until it goes back up.
rarely does it not come back up and past my original entry.
sucks to wait but you gotta ask yourself if you'd rather wait or lose
I eyeball the price.
I'm like a hood nigga who can eyeball an qp.