Shill a current or future coin you believe could one day usurp the BTC/BCH throne, and explain why.Try and give some actual logical reasoning on why you think it could happen.
4chancoinFinal boss of the internet.
For myself I'm thinking if they devs don't fuck up IOTA could be a potential contender in the fight for the top due to being inherently different from BTC in how it works, and a digital currency with faster speeds the more people adopt it and no fees is attractive.
Still, we'd have to trust the devs to not fuck up like they have been a bit and trust them to take the centralized management server after everything is self-sustaining
Xrpendorsed by federal reserve for 2020 faster payments networkXrp 90x when gold hits 1400/ounce
There's gotta be at least a few more of you that actually believe heavily in the things you hold
IOTA is the only real candidate.
MoneroEventually the government will crack down on crypto and it will return to being currency for tax evasion, drugs and cp.Monero is the best altcoin for these purposes.
Xmr or decred.
Xmr was already explained.
Dcr solves the problem of decision making in pure POW coins because any kind of POW becomes centralized (asic/botnet/etc.)
So decred is always progressive and will have a better ecosystem that won't become stale (think 2 years just for segwit).
And it's planning on coming a DAO and a privacy oriented currency.
Not to mention that lightning is around the corner
XRP Kek.
With that coin supply?
We'd need to be in 2045 with all the worlds currency invested into crypto.
Waves is the only coin I see capturing the normies.if Tezos ever comes out it will be the next ETH
xmr.
I don't expect it to overtake bitcoin, but the gap will get much, much closer.
Ethereum.
Main reason: PoS.
657000BTC are mined annually until the next halving.
Multiply that by your target price of choice.
Realize how much money that is - especially because nearly all of that is spent on electrical energy, not just moved on the market.
Additionally, it's a constant source of supply.
Smaller reason: eth is not stagnant.
You can't judge ethereum today by what it was yesterday.
BTC is super-stagnant and BCH just increases the block size.
Trend: Ethereum already has nearly 2x more transactions than BTC, while charging less than cent for the basic one (ethgasstation).
Disclaimer: I have 80% of my net worth in ethereum.
I've got hopes that Chia can start to do it when it's out next year.
Ton of good angles you could promote it from-Created by the guy who made BitTorrent-Different way to mine from the usual PoW system, less wasteful and more people have the ability to mine-Way mining works is less resource intensive, could be marketed as the future, 'green crypto'-Claimed that it will have no hard forks ever which means no BTC and BCH shitstorm.
Assures more stability to people

ETH will eventually take over the BTC throne
It doesn't exist yet
Probably true
One bump for something that isn't completely mindless coin cheerleading and shitposting on /biz/
It's link
Monero, if any coin.
Only Bitcoin+Grin might make it obsolete.
Otherwise it’s a fundamentally better Bitcoin (anonymity, and they even have the scaling question somewhat "solved", though Monero tx will always be more costly in blochain storage than BTC tx).>ETHSay it with me: ETH is a token to pay for computation, not a store of value.
You’ll learn soon enough.
Say it with me: ETH is a token to pay for computation, not a store of value.
You’ll learn soon enough.Yeah I've never gotten people saying ETH will one day take them to lambo land.
The whole thing pretty much wouldn't function effectively for its desired use if it gets too expensive
just the market cap of gold actually
trust in central managementDropped
Yeah that's the one issue.
They need to run a centralized server at the start to prevent the network from being attacked, and once enough transactions begin to go through and people use it the network can self-sustain and they drop it.
It really is the one thing I can understand people not trusting though
Say it with me: ETH is a token to pay for computation, not a store of value.
You’ll learn soon enough.Well, money (paper to pay people to work) does have a few times higher market cap than gold (store of value).
So, I am pretty happy being in ETH.
ethereum, programmable money!
Just got into Crypto.
Made a $200 investment in BTC because it's pretty much becoming a household name, and even at this 'late' point i'm still an early adopter in the grand scheme of it all.
just gonna hold it there forever.Should I throw an extra $200 into ETH or are you just tugging our dicks?Not interested in day trading, just want to dump some cash I can afford to loose into crypto and watch it gain/fail...
you're better off with LINK it may actually moon
is that Chain Link?I keep seeing threads about it.
Why's that gonna moon?Sorry anon, been lurking /biz/ for about two weeks now and no one ever explains this shit properly.
Bitcoin luxury premium
Buy ethereum
iExec is the only answer
 IOTAstopped reading there.
HAHAHAHA ..... noone of the worst projects
LTCSolid historyis everywhereis faster then bothCheaper to transactcan add features (for now) without having every dick on the planet slapping each other for no effect.
Yea, LTC should be the second coin to get adopted into mainstream use.BTC being the blockchain backbone, LTC being the coin which actually gets used.
want stability that you can day trade with and make profit?
want fast transactions?
want to create your own coin using an established infrastructure fast and easy?
buy Etherium.