Just look at LISK chart!!!
OMFG Some anons are gonna jump off the cliff tomorrow.
:S
They will jump by the end of the year, if not there februar for sure
Who cares about lisk anyways?
Took a 15% loss :(
Is that it?
Kek OP confirmed newfag.
To all of the newfags : Observe what happens carefullyAll week LISK was spammed and shilled as hard as possible, and today it collapses after you, the newshit, buys in.DO THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT /BIZ/ SAYS.
BUY COINS THAT BIZ IS SPECIFICALLY NOT TALKING ABOUT.
Yes I am!!
:)
It's dropping now and was mooning last week.
Good time to buy although I would wait, it could drop even further.
This is slightly incorrect.It was pumped up for A MONTH in anticipation for this event.
Maybe some shills from pump and dump groups came here, but it mostly people indicating opportunities for SHORT TERM trades and some hoddlers like to talk about their favorite coin and upcoming events.Lisk threads had 3-5 replies at most, they weren't spammed.And there was a big conference today so you sell the news, ideally before the news even comes out.
I'm more worried about Walton and Metal bagholders
Good does this mean ARK can finally pump now
buy the rumors of rumors and sell the news of newsno
That is one mean dump.
Don't get married to your shitcoins bros
Phew, glad I sold that one for POWR a 5 days ago.
i just filled my stack.
bought aat 7.5$
lol I bought at 63ksatsGet rekt short termers
kinda looks like the chad new paradigm chart
The conference today revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.Price has already tanked 10%.
Once it breaks through the $5 resistance the panic will begin and small holders and speculators will begin to offload, with the whales already long gone.Once it shoots through the $3 mark, unabated FEAR will ripe through all Liskers.
With all those who dumped their current accounts into this scam twitching at their arsehole continuously while refreshing bittrex.The $0.50 mark will be met, the largest panic in history will ensue.
The final deluded Nodes will begin to go offline, and wagecuckers with their engineering salaries loaded up in ARK will be left with it stuck in their wallet, unable to move it to bittrex to salvage some self respect.The price WILL tank at this point to sub $0.10, and most probably sub ICO levels.From that day forward the deluded Lisker wagecucking engineering nerds who bought this coin thinking it had fundamentals will go back to their jobs, with no money in their current accounts, to be made redundant by the next wave of pajeets arriving to undercut their wages.Deluded Liskers will hold bags FOREVER, with no job, no money, and no crypto.I warned you Liskers.
There's still time to get out.
Sell NOW.Don't be deluded, don't be a Lisker.