Tomorrow a big partnership is going to be made between Agrello , Binance and many fintech companies (Everex, Monetha) in Tokyo, Japan.
Agrello Smart Contracts is already being used by Blockhive and Cashaa and will be central to every fintech and crypto company.https://bfc.cryptoboy.jp/Also tomorrow Agrello will rebrand with new logo, and new business focussed website.
Agrello Delta tokens (DLT) is going to moon, it was just listed in Binance as part of this partnership.Happy shopping before the moon!Linkshttps://coinidol.com/cashaa-partner-agrello-to-offer-borderless-financial-products/https://blog.agrello.org/agrello-partners-with-blockchain-based-project-incubator-blockhive-d6d126466bbe
Wowie.
I'd heard that from some places.
Been watching this project for so long.
Was wondering where thr 30 mil were goin.To the moooon on ma lambo
I bought this and sold at a 20% loss.
I don't knkow if I can do it again.
Should have waited it out
It's funny how crypto dumbshits meet a coin with high potential and even backed by the leading law firms and academics within the space is met with suspicion like Agrello only until the price climbs exponentially like Ethereum, Bitcoin and others.
Soon Agrello will be used within the KYC and AML department for ICOs in the future and thats ONLY one use case.
Imagine in the few years when businesses and banks around the world adopt AI based legal contracts?
Do you think the price of one of the leading projects in this field will remain at the cheap price of less than 20 cents?
If you doubt the price forever will remain less than 20 cents, then I have a Tower in Paris to sell you.
Buy and hold on this one.
Thank Agrello later.
Me too, they were too quiet but I think the time for release has come.
I saw Cashaa CEO talking about partnership with agrello AI herehttps://coinidol.com/cashaa-partner-agrello-to-offer-borderless-financial-products/
where did you get the rebrand info from ?
wooow I just saw their video, smart contract is needed by every financial company.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kErMMnPiWbo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kErMMnPiWbo>unironically buying into this fucking mess
rebrand>agrello token/brand is less than 6 months oldWUT
We have connections in Binance.
was part of the promotion campaign with binance.https://twitter.com/binance_2017
Did you see this?
"blockhive’s token distribution event is structured differently than most token sales, and they are employing Agrello’s legally binding smart contracts to facilitate all legal elements of the event, including KYC requirements with Agrello ID.
"This means that Agrello already have their products ready!
Blockhive`s ILP is due in 19 days and will use Agrello`s legally binding smart contracts and Agrello ID!
If this thing doesn`t moon, nothing will!
They `ve been silent for months, but Japan tomorrow and then product launches coming along with real world use cases, wow!
Since there is not really any other crypto doing this, one can only hope if they manage to build the app we are in good shape :)
Here is the Binance linkhttps://twitter.com/binance_2017/status/928928116788961280
Also holy fucking shit this post is full of pajeet sounding shills.
This is painfully obvious.
The coin is worth less than 1/3rd ICO price and the author of the white paper left the team because of lack of transparency in the agrello team.
This is a shit coin and a dead project full of money imbezeling lawyers.
Fuck this shit coin
buying into this ico has been my worst crypto mistake.
There is a time for every project.
I just shared my insider info.
Tomorrow new website and Conference in Tokyo.
If you miss out, your choice.
Fuck you street shitting pajeet cock sucking faggot.
You're a shill and you know it.
Stop being a faggot.
Agrello is fucking dead.
Kill yourself
Nice coordinate shill on telegram.
Estonian pajeets who just have some buzz words and approximately 0 knowledge of crypto
Coin is cheap thats why its a good time to buy.
Alex Norta who left the team was an academic advisor and not chief tech architect.
The project has sound tech that is why so many partnerships and clients from Blockhive, Cashaa, Everex.
Agrello is just a legal flavoured version of BlockCat.
This coin has a lot of potential and the intensity of the naysayers is a strong signal to accumulate as many of Delta tokens as possible.
Bought 30K.
Check binance its already mooning, Japanese have already got the signal.... Miss at your peril!
Start of the giant!
DLT!
@binance
Have you ever felt intense FOMO?
Time to buy into Agrello before it's too late.
Conference starts 18:00 Tokyo time tomorrow https://bfc.cryptoboy.jp/New web launch and rebranding just after that.
Easy x2 this night
that raised 10x as much moneyit needs to surpass 55+ million dollars before its even above ico priceits a mess
The Upcoming ICO using Agrello in less than 2 weeks will buy a ton of DELTA tokens to facilitate the transactions on their platform.
I think their current site has already a very good design.
The idea is very well thought and they already have partnership!
I can say it is hidden gem!
They raised 30 mil not 55 mil.
DYR.Lads here fudding Agrello have no fugging idea wat it is and where they currently stand.
Fukin huge potential with this one.
Let the naysayers sit it out while Hando secures some nice Asian partnerships.
Japan is ahead of the curve when it comes to digital currency and blockchain adoption.
Agrello will be one of their favorites VERY soon.
All aboard the spaceship.
what is the use case of the token?
Every Smart contract signed will need to use the token.
More details here.https://blog.agrello.org/agrello-token-design-and-functionality-6f9935140bc8Anton Vedeshin founder of 3dprinteros, a very successful tech company is the tech responsible for teh enntire artchitect design.
Also Veriff, the provider of advanced video recognition tech to uber and estonian banks for automated kyc is partnered with Agrello to provide smart digital identities on the blockchain.
All ICOs will be using it for KYC.http://www.the-blockchain.com/2017/10/24/blockchain-legaltech-startup-agrello-partners-online-id-verifier-veriff/
Hm so the conference isn't until tomorrow morning EST, still time for a nice pump.
I'm in.