so when is the flippening happeningyou niggas told me it would be right after the fork, then 12 hours later, then 6 hours laterWHEN?????!!
Never it was a scam.
Disregard pajeet, accumulate Bitcoin (cash).
I sold man.
Lost 0.9 btc now I only have 1 btc left.Will be more careful in the future.
Accumulate.
why would you sell at such a lossIt probably will pump again in a few months
It will occur on or before November 25th.
For the next 2 weeks hash power will focus on the legacy chain to increase the difficulty before its next adjustment.
Once the difficulty adjusts on the legacy chain all the hash power will then switch to Bitcoin (cash).
Due to the new alogo it will be able to handle a large change of hash power.
The legacy chain needs to mine 2860 blocks before it adjusts to the low hash power.
This will take months and the mempool will clog as a Bitcoin Bankrun occurs.
By the time its adjustment occurs, Bitcoin (cash) will have the longest chain with the genesis block and be considered the true Bitcoin.
It will have trading pairs on all exchanges and may or may not have its ticker changed to BTC.
Anybody who says otherwise is not looking at the data.
Deluded.
All the charts say btc difficulty will be adjusted downwards, thus making it more profitable mine.
Deluded coinlet.
If you are noob in crypto and know shit about anything youd better be quiet
Not a few months.
They have until january to pump again.
coinbase crediting their accounts with BCH based on BTC help at the BCH creation date will flood the market with BCH sales
What if by then BTC is trading ~10k and BCH is ~0.5k?
Then it is more profitable to mine BTC always.
4369357I don't think core will pay you extra for double posting your low quality FUD pajeet
It's happening January 1.
Gimme an example of high quality FUD for educational purposes.
Coming from the guy that thinks higher hash power = lower difficulty, I don't think you're in any position to calling people deluded.
Money follows the miners and the miners are jumping ship.
If you're lucky you'll get to liquidate all your alts and trade your legacy coin at parity.
IS CALLED BCASH NOT BITCOIN CASH OKAY ?!
I was talking about btcs difficulty, same as OP.
If btc price doesnt tank difficulty will be adjusted downwards.
find out here https://discord.gg/UaxaW3J