LINK PUMP YEDS FINNALY MY SUICIDE IS POSTPONED ANOTHER DAY AHAHAHAHAAHAAHAAH
wow its up 1cent nice.wont even get to .20 because there are so many fucking bagholders who would kill to get out at that point
>tfw sold everything at 20k to buy a dip to 19kkill me
wont even get to .20 because there are so many fucking bagholders who would kill to get out at that pointPretty sure coins older than LINK have more bagholders waiting to sell at the top.
Kek what is this stupid argument?
somebody buy these faggots a skateboard.teach them how to create fake hype.and maybe we can get back to .22!
Are you stupid?
It's perfect for link to stay sub 16 cents so we can accumulate.
Do you realize once this goes off it will really go off.
Not 2 cents up
This.
Yeah 4 cents up
there's no roadmap.
no outlook.
no updates.
just 2 autistic devs.you unironically expect this to ever get back to .50?
There is no pump until there is news.
There is no news until there is main net.
There is no main net until next year.Put your link on a hardware wallet and go and pick up some hobbies for the next 6 months
The fuck are you talking about
There is no news until there is main netPoC results will be out in December?
Kek how many times do we have to say this.
brainlet, please tell us what coins you like
relax.
i'm big on LINK and holding a 50k bag.it's just so hard to resist fudding you faggots
I don't know if you are fuding and if I should even answer, but yes, I am bullish on this.This may very well be the next big thing, if everything works out.
The fact that they are not hyping anything, nothing taking pictures with skateboard even when they have chances speak volumes.
They believe that they can score all those partnerships and they are definitely interested.
There is no way those companies would allowed their name on his presentations or even test if they are not at least interested if not in talks already.
Confido will use chainlink.
Request wants to get on the train too.
It will work across platforms even if its a erc20 token.
There are just so many good signs that it's incredible.
It's a bit scary that only some /biz/ neets picked up on this, as the average guy needs constant marketing to keep interest worries me a bit too.
But fuck it, meme magic is real and there are no better pro/fud memes around than chainlink.
We are either making it or losing big, I am willing to take the chance.
That's not going to be enough to cause a pump, though.
It's only client announcements that will do that, and the clients are waiting to see that the main net works.
i'm just drunk and fudding, linkbro.it's obvious that smartcontract and LINK is the real deal.
See you on the moon man.
I fudd it a lot too when I feel like it lel
DOes putting your LINK on a hardware wallet mean you miss out on pumps?
where are those bagholders' sell orders?
It's a bit scary that only some /biz/ neets picked up on this, as the average guy needs constant marketing to keep interest worries me a bit tooIt would matter if the LINK token needed wide adoption to be a success.
If it was something like BAT where a broad userbase was needed then yeah, it would be an issue.But in reality it doesn't matter how many everyday investors hold LINK.
They're not the target market.
Which is lucky, because retards like pic related give you an idea of what sort of sentiment a lot of investors have towards this project.
the toilet memes kill me every time
well at least be funny about it then
How many links does a blowjob cost today and much will it cost after 1yr?