So here is satoshi himself describing payment channels.>Muh bigger block vision
segwit is NOT satoshi vision in 1 week BCH will be the new bitcoin after the flip
flippening eow.
God, I remember back when you bag carriers truly believed that.Can you believe it was only two days ago?
So much has changed since then....
Reminder that Blockstream is funded by AXA, and the person who was the CEO of AXA at the time of their contribution is chairman of the Bilderberg group which includes 150 political elite, bankers and financial masterminds all of whom have an active interest in killing crypto
it's funny that corecucks are defending their jew coin using the word "decentralized"
Also reminder that up until this happened, most of the Blockstream members and Bitcoin core devs went on record saying they would support an upgrade to block size in the short term future, some even claiming a block size of 100 MiB would be a consideration
4360390since people will request citations, herehttps://twitter.com/adam3us/status/636410827969421312?lang=enhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1314.msg15143#msg15143https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=144895.msg1537737#msg1537737
They still say this, idiot.They said blocksize with LN will increase to a max of 133mB over time.
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=144895.msg1537737#msg1537737aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahaha this was 4 .5 years ago and its exactly happening now:>If you want the worst case then consider this:>>Some set of miners decide, as Peter suggests, to increase the blocksize in order to reduce competition.
Thinking longterm, they decide that a little money lost now is worth the rewards of controlling a large portion of the mining of the network. )
The miners create thousands of addresses and send funds between them as spam (this is the initial cost)> a) optional - add enough transaction fee so that legitimate users get upset about tx fees increasing and call for blocksize increases) The number of transactions is now much higher than the blocksize allows, forcing the auto-adjust to increase blocksize) while competition still exists, goto step 1) Continue sending these spam transactions to maintain high blocksize.
Added bonus, as the transaction fee you pay is to yourself - i.e.
the transaction is free!> 5) Profit!
OH GOD THANKS THIS IS PURE GOLDHere's an example that makes this clear: suppose Alice, Bob, Charlie and David are the only Bitcoin miners, and each of them has exactly the same amount of hashing power.
We will also assume that every block they mine is exactly the same size, 1MiB.
However, Alice and Bob both have pretty fast internet connections, 2MiB/s and 1MiB/s respectively.
Charlie isn't so lucky, he's on an average internet connection for the US, 0.25MiB/second.
Finally David lives in country with a failing currency, and his local government is trying to ban Bitcoin, so he has to mine behind Tor and can only reliably transfer 50KiB/second.Now the transactions themselves aren't a problem, 1MiB/10minutes is just 1.8KiB/second average.
However, what happens when someone finds a block?
...So Alice finds one, and with her 1MiB/second connection she simultaneously transfers her new found block to her three peers.
She has enough bandwidth that she can do all three at once, so Bob has it in 1 second, Charlie 4 seconds, and finally David in 20 seconds.
The thing is, David has effectively spent that 20 seconds doing nothing.
Even if he found a new block in that time he wouldn't be able to upload it to his other peers fast enough to beat Alice's block.
In addition, there was also a probabalistic time window before Alice found her block, where even if David found a block, he couldn't get it to the majority of hashing power fast enough to matter.
Basically we can say David spent about 30 seconds doing nothing, and thus his effective hash power is now down by 5%However, it gets worse.
Lets say a rolling average mechanism to determine maximum block sizes has been implemented, and since demand is high enough that every block is at the maximum, the rolling average lets the blocks get bigger.
Lets say we're now at 10MiB blocks.
Average transaction volume is now 18KiB/second, so David just has 32KiB/second left, and a 1MiB block takes 5.3 minutes to download.
Including the time window when David finds a new block but can't upload it he's down to doing useful mining a bit over 3 minutes/block on average.Alice on the other hand now has 15% less competition, so she's actually clearly benefited from the fact that her blocks can't propegate quickly to 100% of the installed hashing power.