This shitcoin has reached its floor at 15 sats a few days ago, now has already bounced back and is going up.Easiest 10x of your life.
Buy now or cry later
Once I get the 741 running I'll set aside what I mine into Doge a bit.
-_- you're thread is fucking filtered shitskin, a thread had to be deleted for this shitpost
looks like you hate money pajeet, are you gay?
I like money thats why I'm not buying this
stay poor
Were the previous moon missions caused by coordinated pumping or just because it got so cheap?
Both
Cheap stocks are awesome.Especially in political gamblin.Penny Shares sold for 2 penny's or more is profit, buy the penny shares outside the big horses.
In the Case of National debt by jan 20 people are now starting to under stand its not going to be 1 trillion added and they lost their money moving to 500 billion, and lower.
I don't know anon.
I'm just gonna wait for this coin to get cheap as fuck again.
I heard talk about it being pumps, which makes sense given the fact that no news for this coin coincides with the last 3 big peaks.
But if it were pumps, they'd want to wait for the price to be lowest for best optics for shilling, and to make it less costly for them to initiate market action.
Is there an actual use of this coin or is it a (literal) meme coin?
Define cheap.Isn't 15 sats the all time low?
It isn't in the part of the cycle where it'd fall to 15 after being at that like two weeks ago unless BTC blows up.
I don't think it'll get for probably 4 months.
look at the order book, this isn't going back to 15 sats anymore.
you should enter the market as soon as possible
dogecoin is the penny stock of crypto
fees low as fuck, accepted everywhere, cheap, fast... is a pretty good coin
It's used for transfering BTC between exchanges because of quick transfer times and short block times (ten times as fast to confirm as BTC).
Mainly used for arbitrage circuits, but that's just an accidental niche it's found 'cause of confirmation speed and absurdly high supply (slow price action).
I don't know if it has an explicit use case, or even a whitepaper desu.
Just bought $60 worth, might throw some more in later since I've probably got a month or more until it moons again.I don't have much to invest, but I could lose that whole $60 and it wouldn't matter.
I'll sell a third of it at 3x if it hits that and probably sell off a bit at each peak after that when it moons.
I'm selling only at 120 satoshis
lol see you in 18 months then faggot