Hi /biz/,Today I wanted to tell my story.
Two days ago I've had 3000$ in ETH after doubling my deposit thanks to Bcash (bought at 320$).
At that moment I thought I was super trader and after watching at BCHBTC chart I thought correction is imminent.
Oh boy was I wrong.
I've shorted 4 times thinking it won't go higher and now I've left with 20$.
Now I can't eat or sleep, I just stare at bitfinex balance and cry.
My dream is over but I hope you won't do the same mistake.
NEVER short in the bull market or at least you tight stop loss.P.S.
Let it be another JUST thread for those who lost their money on Bcash.
I'm sorry true king for shorting you, I'm sorry...P.P.S.If you want to throw a bone at me ETH wallet0x13c56a415d7b22bd2d8e98627ad5433552cfcc86



Hey, i had 1 month ago 5 BTC today i own 0.13... BTC.I know how you are feeling.
How it happend?
liquidations or just poor trading?
sorry famalam.i lost 90% of my margin account on this shit.
now i'm fucking mad, so i wrote a bot for bitfinex that will trade those 90% back for me.can i use bots?
or they'll ban me?
Thanks dude, I'm impressed no one suggested me to kys jet.
I guess it's really my only real home.
As for your question i don't think it's illegal but it's just me.
Anyway I hope you will make it.
My sympathies anon.
Shorting is a very tight operation, unless you have deep pockets, you need to be right with the timing as well as the call.
I had the urge to short too but didn't have the confidence or the money to ride out a long siege.
Its allowed.What strategy are you using?
Nah we've all been just some way.I was driving when i saw it spike to .40 btc and i thought too myself when i get to my destination I'll pull over and sell.
But yeah bithumb went down and yeah
But this...
It looks like you've allowed your emotions to take over, you don't do that when trading.I'm sorry anon, wish I could give you a hug.
to 20 is 99.3% lossI'd kill myself if I lost that much holy shit
Also this image is pretty amusing, don't know why.
don't worry my friend, we can make it back.
the ridiculous thing about bch is that is has both a huge volume and big volatility.
if you enter and exit trade by simply following the market wave, you can easily make +10% each 5 minutes, including stop losses.
that's what my bot will be doing.
basically it check the candles each minute, and if it turn from red to green it buys, else it sells.
it sell as soon the the candle color changes.i know that sounds retarded, but i backtested it on tradingview and got +3k% in the last 24 hours
i was able to turn 5k into about 30k within 3 months.
I always thought wow now i can only get richer and better, but than one fail after the other, i lost a bit and thought now i have to make a risky deal to catch up but yeah nothing worked out.I guess i have learned my lesson, but hey all that shit is so volatile, the chance of making the money back is not that bad, i was hunting the shitcoin PnDs, never again.Dont kys, its just money, think about people in africa, syria etc.
even a homeless has a better life than other people in this world...we have already won in life.
I'm sorry for you loss.
I also got liquidated tonight (almost cried when I woke up).
I lost 50k overnight, but I already regained everything by shorting the dump.
I would've but it would be such a waste, I was always the unluckiest guy around.
I don't want my familly to suffer because of my poor ass.
But when they die I'll think about it heh
Guys please help me live another day 15euvEbzSZ4DJcGW722YbJxPq94XAUtYup (btc)
Posting btc wallet, you're a brave guy.
You won't make it until transaction confirmation lol
hey man, same here, trying to short some eth/bcc.i was doing good and was liquidating some etc to add funds then i panicked during a dip and I'm negative now.I made some buy high sell low dumb moves and I feel like shit right now
desu I wounldn't if I was you since that's really not THAT much.
I have like x30 of what you have so to lose that much to me... fuck I don't wanna think about it.
Was actually close to losing it yesterday, BCC fucked me over pretty hard (went with all my stack) but I regained everything after timing a dip perfectly.
Usually when I make large mistakes, or a few losses in succession, I just stop trading for a bit.
I find that it helps as you lose focus and become very emotional after you lose which can lead you to make even stupider decisions.
Hope you make it anon, just learn from it and keep trading.
I thought that myself after 1 and 2 liquidation but now i don't have money sadly.
I guess monday will be my first working day if I could find a job
4321627well good luck to you and thanks for kind words.
I hoped I will never create such a thread but here we are.
At least I could speak wih someone right now and don't feel bad
Sorry op, you get no sympathy from me.
You should have been more cautious and not go all in.
You're new to trading and Trading is very difficult, I know because I personally have also paid over 10k in "market tuition" to learn how to trade.Youve gotta dig yourself out of this hole yourself and try to learn from your mistake.The trend is your friend.
It is much more difficult to pick a top rather than pick a continuation.
how much % left do you have?
1 liquidation is not a death sentense
well thats a good advice, thanks dude.
I was just too greedy, you're right.
Stop loss could've saved my ass but its already too late
Sorry if I sound like a hardass but I'm telling you because I've done similar mistakes that you did.
I've been trying to learn to daytrade for almost 2 years now.
After this much time you realize how difficult it truly is.
You got lucky with a couple good trades in the beginning and reached the peak of Mt Stupid pretty quickly.It's time to take a step back and go in with smaller size.
Less risk, less reward.
Could you give me one last advice?
I have 100$ of savings left + 20$ on exchange.
I'm thinking of going all in on Bitmex x100 margin.
Is it possible to pull it off or am I just wasting money
Don't just long if you think its going up and short if you think its going down.
Going short requires more specific knowledge of the market, because it's a lot worse if you're wrong, and you need to know your exit point.
Personally I never try to short things that are in speculation pumps, because the market is so irrational relative to how much room you'll have before liquidation price.
All my profitable short positions have been slow bleeds-- I made 36k so far shorting the ETH/BTC ratio a month ago, just closed it yesterday.
you are just a pussy faggot, op is a fuck tard and a gay ass nigger, niggers are gay, black people are awesome, anyways, so fuck niggers, and fuck this OP, he actually touched eth before trumpcoin.
What a waste.This thread is a waste.
But the only thing more wasteful is OP, such a waste, losses money by trying to win money, what a fucking stupid retard.
Don't do 100x margin because a tiny 1% swing will be enough to liquidate you so even if you have proper trading technique you can get eliminated because of a tight stop or big swing.
Trade on 10x or 25x insteadThis guy is the best margin trader on bitmex, take what you will from ithttps://blog.bitmex.com/trader-interview-etfdeniedbot/
why would you ever short bitcoin cash when you know it is the only big block solution to the congestion problem and the only working solution.
Bitcoin segwit failed you better put your 20 bucks in bitcoin cash tard
at first i thought biggest margin the better, but turns out it's not.
i use bitfinex' 3.3x and it seems the best risk/potential profit ratio.
Well at least I gave you a boost by liquidating my shorts, I knw I was foolish but I wanted to get into better position for long and then I lost control
Never short a pump and dump.... Before the pump.
kys>over three grand
/thread
let your hair fall out of your head instead of pulling it out.shit happens, i lost almost as much chasing the bch pump last night too.
Yeah, I haven't been able to sleep either and it's just as much of my portfolio as yours, but life goes on.
you're lucky you learned early on instead of learning further down the road when your losses couldve hit 5-6 figures.i've been here before.
it's all good man, trade smarter next time and you'll have your money back in no timei'm not gonna tell you to get out of the game and pursue something not stressful, cause come on, trading is the shitshow that we live for.
So how do you plan to get back into crypto?
loan, job or maybe additional savings?