Newbie investor here.
When investing in ICO, which is better: low amount of tokens/ETH or high amount of tokens/ETH?
Like, let's say that for 1 ETH you get 250 or 500 or 1000 or 2000 Currytokens.
What kind of price should I look for?
How do the ICO holders set up the prices?
Does any of this even matter?
I've just seen some ICOs sell 200 tokens for 1 ETH and some ICOs sell 2000 tokens for 1 ETH and it's all so confusing.
low circulating supply is a better investment, so look for lower amount of tokens
Can you elaborate?
I want to learn.
Wouldn't investors make more gains after the ICO if the price for 1 token was lower?
Only market cap matters.
Explain why circulating supply makes any difference?
Only thing that matters is small market cap.
Because if the devs have a lot of tokens they can dump them if they aren't locked in for a set amount of time.Not to be a conspiratard but NEO unlocked 15 million tokens a month ago and then come out with this bullshit announcement on a Friday saying big news coming Monday and a weekend long pump n dump occurs.
4493242What's a small market cap in your opinion?
Under $300,000.
Pay attention to market cap, the amount of money you invested, and the % gained/lost.
Don't pay attention to individual coin prices.Low market cap has more room to grow so more big gains, but more risk.
Big cap means more stable but slower gains.
Because if the devs have a lot of tokensIf the coin had 1/10 of the supply they would be worth 10x the price.
They can still dump the same amount of money with less coins.
This makes zero sense.
The only thing that matters is what percentage of the existing (or future) coin supply the devs control.
Pre-sale buyers need to be factored in to.
For legit projects, all of this should be disclosed ahead of time.
Having said that, this is cryptocurrency and as long as there are ICOs there will be exit scams.
You can get a good gauge by looking at coinmarketcap dot com.Under $50m is a good balance.
Like Confido?
When investing in an ICO, do not invest in anything raising more than a few million.
If an ICO is collecting $50+ million, then it can't possibly 10x unless it cracks the top list.
Thanks.
So if the project seems legit and the hard cap is 10 million dollars, it doesn't matter whether I get 250 or 2500 tokens for 1 ETH?
Dude.
WHAT?
join the best pump group https://discord.gg/qn2n2Zz
So you don't think the total market cap for crypto isn't gonna grow?
We already 2xed the total market cap in less than half a year.
Where the fuck are these people...
What didn't you understand?
BAMP
I think you just said "hard cap" instead of marketcap.
It's not really a hard cap because it will fluctuate as the price per share rises, that's what a marketcap does.
But overall I think you understand now.
Marketcap and how many coins are under dev control are all that matter.
Of course you want to evaluate the fundamentals of whatever project you're investing in too, but those are the key factors.
I meant hard cap AKA the ICO concludes after X amount of money (the hard cap) has been raised.
I have no idea what market cap means in ICO world.