Newb looking to get my first wallet.
I'd like to be able to access it from home and work.
Not just for BitCoin.
How do you keep it secure?
If you're going to have $500+ in crypto, buy a hardware wallet.And why do you need to access it from work?
don't put any important amount on a phone wallet.
Don't leave your coins on an exchange unless you're trading them right now.
"Not just for bitcoin"most software wallets are for their own coin.
So you will need several wallets.Trezor and Ledger (both main hardware wallets) accept several coins on them though.
Both are good options
Were do you guys buy yourBTC, BTCH, BTCC, Lithium, etcother coins Dodge,bean,linux,Link,???????were??
The Chad solution is to store 100% of your cryptos in Binance.
coinbase + Gdax (look at how to not pay fees with gdax)or kraken if europeanThen transfer it to bittrex.Also cryptopia because I'm all in on No Limit Coinif you go to coinmarketcap.com and look for a coin you can see in which markets it's being traded
how do i avoid paying fees with coinbase GDAX?
IM in US and seems like only decent exchange...thanks
I dont buy anything, I mined and hodled in 2014 and I just reinvest the profits every time I make a good trade now
when buying/watching a trade how to avoid beung late?
it always happen to me
On coinbase do you still pay a fee if you deposit from your bank account?
From my understanding you don't.
It's about 1.5% as opposed to 4% if you use a credit card.
but keep in mind if you use your bank it will take about a week for the transaction to clear and the coins to become available.
with credit card it's instant.
once you have coins/fiat money in your wallet (set up a USD wallet when you can), you can buy and sell from it instantly.
I used my bank account and would recommend it but I missed out on BTC hitting 7900 because my transaction hadn't cleared yet.
I too would like to know.
I took one look at GDAX a while back and was confused as all hell
Exactly what anon was looking for.
Thx
Thanks for the insight!
What about Exodus or Copay?
They supposedly trade several coins?I'm considering getting a hot/online wallet for quick trades with a smaller $ amount, like $500-$1000, and then have another hardware/paper wallet with a larger amount that I use to transfer back and forth from the smaller one, does that sound like a good idea?Does it take a long time to transfer money/coins between wallets?
(newfag)