Walton is going to be big, bigger than any of your tiny little brains can comprehend.
These chinky bastards already have a fucking working product.
REAL, PHYSICAL applications of blockchain technology.
IT'S WORKING RIGHT NOW.
Can you say that about your LINK or your fucking Bitbeans?
This isn't some smart contract BS that only works with cryptos, THIS IS REAL LIFE.I swear to GOD, if you little shits don't buy this soon, you will be kicking yourselves for the rest of your lives.
Walton is going to make up the entire Asian backbone of shipment tracking, inventory tracking, counterfeit verification and anything else your shit brains can think of.
This is THE chance to turn your neet bux into a retirement fund.Some of you have been skeptical of Walton in the past, as chinky bastards are fucking awful at marketing and communicating.
Some said it was a scam, that there was nothing to verify anything that was said.
Well now there's verification, now we fucking KNOW FOR SURE IT'S LEGIT.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzhXncTVOzAI can't stand this prick, but he actually did what none of you lazy assholes would do.
He went and visited them.Read the infograph, watch the video.
The smart ones among you, those very few of you, you will make it.
Can i get a quick rundown on Mo Bing?
>Wisdom alters label, trade organization and network
chinky bastards are fucking awful at marketing and communicating
>trusting chinksYeah nah
Missing NEO>Missing WTCDon't come crying when WTC hits $100
walton is dumb and you're dumb if you unironically invest long term.
No company is literally ever going to use anything like walton or any other similar coins.
Who tf would buy shit like that off some random ass free market online when they can get microsoft and ibm and more to make their own fuckin blockchain for them and not deal with any of that bs
Already has partnerships with many big name chinese companies>Huge gains in efficiency that will make it well worth it for any large organization dealing with shipping and verificationYou're not even trying anymore, anon
smart contract BS that only works with cryptos, How dumb can you get?
The fact you are calling this more valuable than smart contracts makes you an insane moron.
Smart contracts are going to take over the derivatives market which is in the quadrillions.You undermine yourself by shitting on things you don't understand to shill.