Thinking specifically about BCPT, RLC, LINK, REQ, ARK, etc.
If you own these coins, why?
What makes you confident that they will be big players in the industry in 2018 and beyond?No easy-money shilling, and if FUD, at least give reasoning for it.
Let's make this constructive rather than most of the pajeet shill/FUD scamcoin chasing this board has turned into.
DYOR tardo.
only use biz for awareness of the coins themselves
Yeah my bad.
Thought we could have constructive conversations on /biz, but I forgot this is /biz
Good, now kys
Chancoin
this site is 90% neets using their mothers money to invest.
RLC LINK REQ and ARK are all good coins but the thing is there are a lot of pajeet pumpers that just want to shake money out of the market.
this slows their gain.
but eventually they will be valued correctly.do you have with it takes to hold through the storm?
RDN = Lightning for ethereum and all EVM based blockchain like EOS, quantum...1st product released for END of THIS month
im telling you this as a friend.
every coin you have listed there is trash.
please do yourself a favor and read up on Ardor.
Basically the difference between ardor and every other project is it actually has an amazing working prioduct, and their mainnet is launching jan 2018. it is basically like lisk but better.
oh but look, the price of ardor is like 25 cents and the price of lisk is like 9 dollars.
wtf why?
the answer is because ardor does zero marketing.
they are all autists and dont know how to promote anything, whereas lisk is the opposite.
they do tons of marketing but literally dont even have a working product.
heed my words and buy ardor, or at least go read about it.
Do you even realize those coins you mentioned is being shilled by the dev themselves?
If i were to create a token, i would shill the hell out of my own coin here.
It's biz man
holding a little RLC, will get more and some Monero and Modum.
i don't feel like explainign why they are good.Coins you've mentioned(even LINK) don't seem like a bad long term investment, but i don't want to spread too thin.
RDN = lightning for ethereum qtum, eos, polkadot, dfinity and more
Man,I'm all in with Monero, Ark, Stratis and Tio (http://boards.4chan.org/biz/thread/4426465#p4426465)
i have read up on Ardor and it looks very promising.
Calling the rest of these trash, though, doesn't tell me anything.
They could coexist with Ardor, just like other blockchains coexist with ETH.
BTSNow mooning having bottomed after getting fucked around by Bittrex and Poloniex.
Listed on Binance today.DEX which is going to be huge in crypto going forward with regulations/creative accounting buttfucking CEXs.
Also has smartcoins like bitUSD/bitCNY and a 0% loan system.
Vechain: big partnerships 2017Q4:BLACP, PBCP, DCCP, CHAOS go-live, 3rd generation smart chip, Asymmetric blockchain checksum, VeChain BaaS clound platform launches, more business implementation cases;2018Q2:VeChain v3.0 go-live, Rust-restructure, VeChain Token (VEN) related service including VeChain Token (VEN) wallet, gas exchange, audit service, etc.
VeChain Token (VEN) launches, completing VeChain Token (VEN) and ERC20 token 1 to 1 exchange.2018Q4:VeChain v4.0 go-live, achieve commercial ecological environment system integration platform.
Integration with IoT, and more specific industrial blockchain cloud.