Biz hasnt had another failure at creating a coin for a while.
Would people support this?
I can clone and make a client for this coin, not a faggy waves/eth token.
Would be minable and have a qt wallet.
Get on news ect.
controversy makes it stand out, you have heard the shill for it.
Are we going to do it or is it a meme destined to fail?
If you can accept to only premine 10% and airdrop a lot before a proper mining network is established, maybe.
But then you would have the issue of no exchange ever listing a niggercoin
Chink exchanges would probably list it lolBut discussion of it would be banned on like every forum except for this one.
I love that people kept these images.
I'd make more if it kicked off again, was good fun.
Yeah small premine with it airdropped to biz fags.
I think I will make this coin.
The memes were fun.
It would be hard to find an exchange to accept it, but then again the point of crypto is it is decentralised so maybe there would be an exchange that stands up for that.
And its not like exchanges are moral fags anyway
The wallet addresses should start with NIG or GIBS.
There is a lot of meme value in this.
I bet CounMarketCap would list bitconnect but not nigger coin lol
It needs to be proof of stake so you can put your niggers to work kek
wow..... heehehehheehe...m RACISM....... RACISM IS SO FUNNY XDDDDHAHAHAHAH NIGERHAHAHAHAHAHA KIKETAKE THAT MOM IM SAYING NAUGHTY WORDS YOU TOLD ME NOT TO SAYhheheheheheh haahahah 4chan is so funny and I'm so funny hahahalmao nigger hahahahahahahahahahahah xDXdxDXDXDDDD
You been to /pol/ m8?see It is true, there are edgelords who will buy it and have fun making memes.
Why not take advantage of that?
How many more biz/chan coins do we need?Did anyone of those ever work*?And yeah, NGR et al.
where quite "funny", but you gotta have some more acceptable name.Hence, buy pic related and get rich!
*work=made the creator some money
Once atomic swaps become a thing, we won't need exchanges to accept it :)
JUST token ICO is coming up soon
Which would make it more valuable