and you thought vitamin B was bad right?
nope, it gets worse!
high intelligence usually comes with a bit of autism.
oh my god.
what is going on.
you eth holders should be ashamed of yourselves.
this isn't right.
want to see the liveleak video of him blowing his brains out
ethereum should be renamed CUNNYCOIN
they're both ANTIFA supportersGet over it /pol/ 4channersYou'll be happier with your lives the second you give up on the libtard dreamYou're Boomer Culture is fucking over


>wants to be decentralized and opentells some one to fuck off PUBLIC over twitter where everyone can see itthis is why your coin will be forever 300$ or lowermETH heads
wow these guys are off the leash off the track and out of their minds.
i think abo supremicist takes eth to a new low
The only culture that doesn't want censorship is non binary cis white male.
Let that sink in.
daily reminder that vitaminB said this
https://www.thedailybeast.com/alt-right-frames-protesters-as-pedophiles-with-fake-nambla-sign
>without any possibility of censorship or third party interferenceHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAEthereum is fucking dead.
Says nothing about first party interference, niggu :^)
I was LARPPPPING 
>decentralizedmight as well be fucking Facebook-coin lmao.
I will be selling all my Ethereum now.
The project is officially a meme, and not worth being involved in at all.Are these people aiming to get support from the US / global financial power?
Why go through the effort of making something like this just to control who can use it?
Pff.Why why....All the fundamentals of ETH go against this kind of things.How on earth can they pretend they will try to implement censorship in their network.Why do they work so hard on this project if this is to abandon all their core principles at the first wave.
Eth = ultimate SHIT-con.
Unironically just sold all my eth buhbye
Autism is the next step in evolution.
They're just roleplaying
time for LISK and ARK and NEOto swallow ETH glorious times ahead my brothers
https://twitter.com/leashless/status/802941054949457920lmfao
More like ETC.
or Cardano.
ARK / Lisk will never make impactful partnerships.
Stay deluded.
yeah ok i forgot about ETC lmao
daily reminder to buy LINK
Fuck me why the fuck are the Devs doing this shit.
Between this and that shit with Vitalik it's getting ridiculous.
Lol nationalist poos are hilarious.
Fucker isn’t even sorry
IDK he's fucking retarded on so many levels.
I doubt he will want to compromise the fundamental freedoms of ethereum.
If anything his post indicates that he will use any other way than compromising ethereum's freedom in order to counterattack those people.
hes right thoughbuying more crypto when he has 100m worth of the stuff is retarded.
putting all your money into different cryptos is not diversifying.
Just wait till his autismo rage is over.
And he'll probably realize that he just compromised Ethereum's entire business model.
>still taking ETH seriously as a "decentralized" platform after the 2016 hard fork
Wow, from one currency ran by Jews to a currency ran by communist Jews and half-white Indians that think they are genetically superior to us goyim.
Where is the GoyCoin?
COMMIES GET OUT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
buying more crypto when he has 100m worth of the stuff is retardedWait a minute.
Vinay said they were all communists.
Hoarding $100M is not how communism works.
Why doesn't he share?
And yet, I smile.
communism isn't about sharing wealth.
It's about making sure LGBT POC have power, and white males don't.
You racists are too stupid to understand that.
Board the Ark, brother
I doubt it.
He can’t pass that off as a joke.
And as a half- breed who probably doesn’t fit in anywhere except in a nerd project started by a skeleton with a cat bag, he’s obviously mental.
He only shares with qt lolis.
How many of these fake coins are there?
Shit, does anybody actually use them to buy stuff or just a bunch of pump n dumps?
That pic.Fucken saved.
Who the fuck cares Let him sperg like an autist in peace
Why are ethereum devs so fucking autistic?
Child porn = okayA couple Nazis on a free speech platform = not okay
If this guy is running a permissionless virtual machine and then saying he’s gonna act as a gatekeeper to it, he can go sit on a dildo.
Good thing these guys need concensous to do anything and everyone who's invested is a capitalist.
The most ironic is that he is the nazi.
He posted that whites are inferior in another tweet.These guys are so fucking stupid.
ok what are these retards doing?it's almost as if the price started pumping today and for some reason they HAVE to keep it down at $300 or below, so they start a coordinated sperg attack
And just like the alt-right going to Charlottesville, they’ll intentionally choose Ethereum now.
Immo donate some Ethereum to Christopher Cantwell
ummm no sweetie only wh*te "people" can be nazis.
He's an indian, and YES they are superior to wh*tes.
Indian civilization goes back thousands of years.Wh*te "people" need to fuck off and not use Ethereum.
It is a communist product for non-wh*tes only.
Like I said, a powerless ceo for a corporation that has no power over its product.
He can scream all he wants till his foundation goes bankrupt and their own product out lives them.
Fuck this piece of shit.
He can't stop it he's just sperging like an idiot
And this is the guy who runs cvc?
I'm out.
I don't get it?
What's the problem exactly.Are you poltards butthurt yet again?
Is whitey being oppressed????????????
who would win>a fully functional crypto ecosystem>some balding shitskin shitposting on twitter
As a capitalist I'm concerned putting money behind a communists product.
can someone tag @whalepanda for me?
if he retweets anything on this thread eths price will prolly drop like 50%
indian, and YES they are superior to wh*tesNot disagreeing with you, but by what metric are a billion street-shitters “superior”?
Asking for a friend.
all we want is an ethnostate stop bullying :(
cvcMissed a bullet there.
CEO of Microsoft: IndianCEO of Google: Indianpresident of the USA: Honorary Indianface it, Indians are running the world right now.
Indians and Jews are all the best thinkers, entrepreneurs, CEOs, etc., while your average stinky white person is too busy shooting heroin in their trailer home and killing themselves lmao.White people are fucking scum compared to Indians.
Didn't have much, but just sold the rest of my ethereum.
Fuck this scumbag.
I don't think you're up to date on how communism actually played out.
The rulers need to 'hold on' to the money and take care of us.
lol, different pajeet
>Gibs, comrade.
Never thought of it like that.
When you have a billion people you can generally spit out a few hundred talented few to get picked up for diversity points.
yeah, too bad white people didn't put us on the moon.
Wathc hidden figures.
PLUS, most of the Astronauts were either Jewish, or honorary Indians.
Yeah I'm sure you become the CEO of Google because of diversity points.
Face it, white people are lazy retards, you especially.
You have no accomplishments, so you take pride in the color of your skin.
You're pathetic.
mfw I have 1488 white pride tokens on ETH
Never missed anything, do you really think people are going to get behind some Black Mirror shit especially if backed by a Commie CEO.
Google is headed by Jews dude.
Leave your emotions at the door if you're gonna trade dude
I work at a generating station, this fucking faggot has no idea what he's talking about.
Most staff right wing.
If one station strikes then power will be redistributed from any other private supplier.
SUPPLY AND DEMAND
Fuck this commiecoin, I will NEVER buy eth or any ico that depends on it.
Stop baiting43691594369159
wtf why are vitalik and this poo trying to tank their project when it finally breaks out lmfao
LOL.Newton, Babbage, Von Braun, Telsa, Kepler, Oppenheimer were Poos now.
Eesh, this is the Trump Curse waiting to happen.
ETH is over - It was fun folks BTC will skyrocket now
>Vitalik says something that people will think is pro-pedo (it wasn't, it was anti-libertarian-drug-argument-logic.
not even anti-drug.
it's too abstract for normal humans to understand)>Ethereum rises from 310 to 330>Raging sperg half indian goes on racist anti-white tirade after being triggered by white supremacistBOIS AND GALS.
PREPARE FOR 400USD ETH.BtwCEO you GuptaHERE WE GO
Vitamin B just crossed the boss...> We had once chance at a truly unbiased Web 3.0> Socialists ready to take it over and change it before it even launches.This is not good for ETH price, IMO.MySpace was once a thing too
You're probably rightSilicon Valley $$$$ gonna pour into coinbase via wire transfers tomorrow just to virtue signal.
Ethereum's founders and the Foundation itself has no power over the ethereum blockchain, the best they could hope for is a fork and forking because "mah nazi's" isn't going to fly with the majority, Once Ethereum Foundation loses backing of the majority it dies.
Money Skeleton knows this why do you think he keeps his autism on his personal twitter and not at these conferences.
Really disappointing to see this update.
Genius autist developers really should just stick to coding stay behind the scenes, instead of being the leaders and representatives of these technologies.
genius>developerslol
I'm genuinely worried about ETH and other projects on the ETH blockchain based on his comments.
I really don't give two shits about ideology but he just threatened to disrupt projects on the blockchain from the backend.
I'm fucking out.
Not worth the risk.
Its a baseless threat.
Gab knows this why do you think they are stabbing at them.See 
> "spend $330 dollars on my fuel for contracts written in my shit programming language!
">ethereum prevents censorship!
But if it is used to prevent censorship that we don't like, we'll censure you!
And we can because our premined coin is completely centralised, I guess you'll just have to toe that line and not do/say anything we don't like, or we'll delete your stack/smart contracts!Why would any of you invest in this shit.
Remember, he fucking hates you, mocks you and can't wait for you to be bred out of your own countries.
LMAO wtfso either his top 0.001% of indians father married some borderline retarded crack whoreor his top 0.001% of indians mother married some borderline retarded Gregor Clegane
Not gonna lie, former ETH hodler here.
This is fucking hilarious watching ETH crash and burn.
But in all seriousness we can't let this guy get his hands on the blockchain.
could just be a 150 IQ indian marrying a 100 IQ white person
sauce?
OK so1.
ETH leadership clearly revealed as pedo antifa commie stereotype.
Gross.2.
Daily Stormer should seriously start taking donations in ETH just to piss these guys off even more.
im a capitalist first, morals come second.
If i can make money trading eth i will.
4368863Or he's incredibly bitter about the fact that his parents decided to create him as a product of miscegenation, ensuring that he has never had, nor ever will, have a people, a homeland or a culture.
Accordingly he's a disgusting, le 56% face, fat shit who screeches when other people want to preserve the things that he can never have.
Notice that he desperately claims to be "half-white" or "Indian" because he has to struggle for a semblance of an identity.
Its pathetic.
Found it on /pol/
I'm a man of principlesI can understand taking opportunities as they arise (pic related).
I just don't support communism or socialism, nor marxism, no matter how profitable
He has zero control over it.
He's just sperging like a retard because it's all he can do Go ahead and sell you idiot
What does this mean for link fuuujck I'm all in?!?!?
I don't know that it's baseless, it's enough for me to have called someone to pull out money from a project involving this blockchain.
It's not worth someone tampering with it because of their ideology.
He literally posted he's going to use his position to disrupt a project on the blockchain.
I'm done.
what the fuck am i reading?
People like you shouldn't be investing in the first place if you are so damn weak Go buy niggercoin or some other yobit special
Why would I invest in a project where the infrastructure they're using has a person that is saying they will disrupt projects using said infrastructure?
That's moronic.
Ha, the commie thinks he is good people.
Very sad.
I thought us Linkies were deluded.
Thanks, communism!
niggercoin was an airdrop you fucking hayseed.
however i am open to selling some niggers.
Maybe you shouldn't Invest in anything if you dont understand that all this guy can do is rant on Twitter
it doesn't sound so baseless to me.
i'm sure there are plenty of ways for eth to do "underhanded but ethical" disruption of projects they don't like.
they don't call it proof of vitalik for nothing.
CEO of open free protocol speaks out against openness and freedom>decides to pull out investments in said projectThis is a pretty sound decision to me, or are you one of those poor gamblers hoping to make it rich via crypto?
its open source famalamadingdong
Major developer in emerging technology says he is going to disrupt projects>HURR DURR IF YOU BELIEVE IT AND YOU STOP INVESTING IN SOMETHING HES INVOLVED IN YOURE STUPIDYou're a fucking moron.
Stay poor.
think about the views of the companies ethereum devs work at, and just how many communist, and sjw devs there are in general nowadays.
It wouldn't take much for them to create a fork that goes completely against the original vision if they really wanted to.>see Bitcoin/BCH
forks are free shekels, who gives a shit?
He can't do shit.
Stop getting your knickers in a knot polfag.
The only poorfag is the retard who let's their emotions control their investments.
Someone should tell this guy that the left embraces drag queen kids and radical LGBTBBQism is trying to add something to their every expanding queer flag of colors that covers people who are “age challenged” or some shit.
Like a 12 year old stuck in a 40 year olds body aka a fucking pedo.
claims whites are inferior to Indians>says he's fighting racisml o l
Quarterling checking in, he's a racist piece of shit.
Leashless is being Sybil attacked by his 51% brown genes.
Just took a look at his twitter, this guy is triggering /pol/ so hard it's hilarious
He's just wrong though.
Aryans did settle the Hindu Kush approx and create the Vedic Civilization and the original caste system to not allow racemixing with those they conquered.
anti-white mutt acts like half breeds predictably do.>lol look how stupid he is acting, he's triggering /pol/ hard!!
!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1Ej7DZXwH8
We are going to censor you directly against what we say in our mission statement.>We are all communists.Wtf.
Is this guy for real?I'm unironically going to dump my ETH now.
Pedos hear this.>Someone is going to make a completely decentralized and immutable child pornography Dapp>Vitalik and Comrade Pajeet will either outright support it or refuse to disavow>ETH tanks>BOSCoin moons
>tfw you just want gupta to shut the fuck up and start the IoT ICO already
This guy doesn't work for the Ethereum Foundation anymore.Here's his rationale for having this argument:https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/7d02zj/i_have_done_something_rash_ive_kicked_off_a/dptzu2n/Basically he's afraid "Nazis" will flock to Ethereum and cause the government to regulate it to death.
So he's trying to scare "Nazis" away from using the platform.He's right, "Nazis" would give Ethereum a bad name and make the government regulate it more.
The fastest way to regulate something is to blame it for hate speech.
He's right, "Nazis" would give Ethereum a bad nameCommunists and pedophile apologists will get your shit caved by the government way faster m8.
gab.aiIt is a social media platform that has thousands of active usersThey should probably use Ethereum Classic if Ethereum does not want them.
it is kinda pathetic the world has come to this.
implying the USA isn't a pedo heaven/soft communist state.
Indians have an average IQ around 85-90, like American Blacks.
People in America forget that we literally take people who are 3-4 SDs above the mean.
ADL talks in front of congress all the time.
They have the government's ear on 'hate speech'.
It's why youtube is getting censored right now.
Using the hate speech card is the easiest way to control something.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rC4w_E_tIxI
If I was Vitalik I would tell this racist to shut the fuck up.
People who cannot do the only biological imperative given to them, people who cannot figure out their own sex and literal shitskins who run their countries into the ground.
>Better empower them!
!By empowerment you mean take money from white men of course.
This.
But by politicizing the tech he is going against the core principles of blockchain applications, which is decentralization and anonymity.
4370993Ok.
That makes sense.Still, him saying that Ethereum is ALL communists is pretty fucking spooky to me.
I wish I lived in Silicon Valley or something.
I still can't fathom how these very high IQ people think communism of all things is the best system.
He's rightNo he's a racist son of a bitch who would oppress people to push his PC views.I'm happy he distanced himself from the ethereum foundation.
But he needs to do more and post a tweet apologizing and making clear this is nothing than his own opinion, made up by his sick mind.
It gives them the most control over their subjects and they get to keep their wealth.
This man is unhinged and a compulsive liar.
Watch this www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3p-RUtGejI
So what should I change my ETH into?
Unfortunately majority of my portfolio is ETH.Fuck this commie.
It looks good optically that Ethereum is 'fighting the nazis' rather than catering to them.Remember how fast Cloudflare and DNS providers caved in to delisting alt-right websites after the Charlottesville attack?Cloudflare doesn't even listen to DMCA takedown requests, but responded to the hate speech request.The last thing Ethereum needs right now is to be a haven for hate speech.
It's the fastest way to get regulators to take it down.
Get outta here, commie fuck.
It's supposed to be a decentralized system.
They clearly fail to be the one thing they claim to be.
Eth is dead if this doesn't stop.
It's the fastest way to get regulators to take it down.Name one site this has happened to.
All the Nazis on Gab also have Twitter account.
The whole thing is absurd.
Most Gab users aren't even white nationalists.
It is a media lie.
Name one site this has happened to.Stormfront.Also gab almost had its domain seized from hosting hate speech content.
They decided to take down the post and keep their domain.The hate speech card is stronger than you think.White supremacist forum site Stormfront seized by domain hostshttp://www.knoxnews.com/story/news/2017/08/26/white-supremacist-forum-site-stormfront-seized-domain-hosts/604902001/The far-right's favorite social media site may get booted off its internet domain for violating hate speech lawshttp://www.businessinsider.com/gab-domain-name-lose-2017-9
Get outta here, commie fuck.I'm not a commie, you stupid faggot.I'm just realistic.
It's like waves delisting nigger coin.
You can still trade the coin, but it's not available on their main portal.
It doesn't look good fully catering to something the majority of people don't like.
The government didn't do that nitwit.Stormfront was 100% taken down by Tech elite.
The government had nothing to do with it.
The same services refused to take down ISIS propaganda.
http://www.businessinsider.com/gab-domain-name-lose-2017-9Gab is being targeted because it is a competitor of Twitter.
Most of its users aren't white nationalists, let alone Nazis.
It is 100% monopolies colluding to limit competition.
All the Nazis on Gab are also on Twitter.
Why isn't there backlash against twitter?
The outrage is manufactured.
Day of the rope soon
Ha ha what a fuckin dick
The government didn't do that nitwit.The government is trying to regulate 'fake news' on facebook now.
So that's a start.Anti-hate speech laws are being drafted right now.
America will one day look like Europe with its notorious hate speech laws.
4368863
eth>decentralisednewfag detected.
meme it.
I'm watching this and I'm baffled by how stupid this man is.He may have a certain degree of intelligence related to algorithm but everything else he talks about is basically coming out of his ass.
toppest of keks, my dude
solid b8
How in the fuck is a coin headed by Vitalik "fuck a child if you want fuck" Buterin and Vinay "fuck white people but seriously" Gupta mooning while its figureheads socially implode?
Would it have stayed at 300 if this shit didn't happen?
Or would it be even fucking higher right now?
I don't know what's going on anymore.
As an ETH holder, I legit hope something horrible happens to Ethereum now.Communists need to get the bullet.
I want this whole fucking system to collapse ETH was a mistake.
Not sure I'm comfortable holding ETH anymore.
Hahaha nobody cares, /bizpol/.
vitalik just made eth a safehaven for darknet shit and vinay is an impressionable antifa commie.
I didn't have much ETH anyway, but I've sold it all.
Oh yes very good pajeet, you got them there...
Looking at this thread now, I'm glad I sold my bags at around .04 BTC
4372346That guy has nothing to do with eth.
Dont trade with your emotions, newbies.
Man, this was before I had even heard that this dude was a vehement anti-white racist.I sold because ETH was going absolutely fucking nowhere.
I only had like, .7.
I've traded it all for other shitcoins.
Hoping one of them moons and I make a fair chunk of change.
This fucktard isnt the CEO of anything other than his shitty startup.
He is not even part of the EF anymore.
He is just the CEO of Mattereum.
The idiot needs to learn how to use commas in his bio.
4372489Shhh, you're disrupting the circle jerk.
So rude.I was just about to come, too.
He says he doesn't work on cryptography to empower racists, implying that he supports privacy, but apparently he doesn't understand privacy because he doesn't understand that privacy can only be universal in order to even exist.
4369244Does LINK depend on the popularity of ETH at all?
He is also clearly racist against whites.
More fud more my ETH stack goes up.
What a time to br alive.
Most staff right wing.Good to know.
Most people who have to work for a living are.
Let's be honest.
If this guy said the same things he said about whites against any other group there would be universal outrage.
He is a piece of shit bigot.
Period.
no not really
LOL, this poor dude has such a big chip on his shoulder.
This often happens with half breeds.
They have a small taste of what it's like to be white but not enough to have all the benefits.
This drives the mutt insane with jealousy.
It makes sense now that ex-CEO Charles Hoskinsin ( whatever ) was kicked out early in the project.
Clearly he was way too right wing for these sacks of shit.Going to throw my ETH into ADA cause its the right thing to do.
What you call rationale is actually called mental gymnastics.
The government cannot regulate a global open-source computer network.
ARCHIVES>https://archive.is/I36Q1>https://archive.is/LVtPH>https://archive.is/Mhp2d>https://archive.is/AN8UA>https://archive.is/cwcAh>https://archive.is/XCdmd
Mah nigga
what the fuck is all this shit
bcash supporter detected
526.
The argument between socialism and capitalism comes down to this: to those who, when left to their own devices, naturally rise above the mean, and to those who fall below.
The former will be proponents of capitalism, the latter of socialism.
The former are talented and hard-working, the latter talentless and lazy.
And all this is proved by the failure of socialism, and in particular that of communism: its ultimate manifestation — as if a group of habitual losers at the individual level would be able to create, by pooling together all their weaknesses and failures, a winning combination!
But it is plain that, as they lose on the individual level — as individuals — they will ultimately lose on the group level too.
The only reason they temporarily succeeded at a few points in history is because they were facing even greater losers: a complacent and degenerate aristocracy.
Nice passage.
Found the source for the curious.http://orgyofthewill.net/
Silly Valley is basically a little glass bubble filled with people who think that they understand everything about the way the world works because they happen to possess a skill that's in demand (= big $$$) at the moment.I mean, San Francisco's never been hard-up for rich kids with college degrees pretending to be the underdogs and insisting that the world would be fixed forever if they were allowed to run it like their college dorm (i.e.
with someone else paying for everything)
There are a billion white people who own the majority of the wealth in the world.
Being racist towards them is not good business.
The Netherlands alone invests more than the entire USA.
And there are no Indians there.
There's less than a billion white people on earth dude...
Literally no one is doing that you fucking tard
ew i bet her hair stinks after that
guptaHAHAHAHAHAHAMuh evil nazis don't use my decentralized platform reeeMeanwhile, commie child fuckers are welcome.>the absolute state of pedothereum
 clones your repo> steals your nazi hashpower miners > psh... nothing personel... poo1488coin, when?
Everyone associated with Ethereum or who own ETH are1.
communists (admitted above, with archives)2. anti-whites3.
brown supremacistsNo ifs or buts.And you must punch these people.
Wherever you can find them, punch them.
And do whatever else you can do to harm them and their allies.
It's the moral thing to do to evil incarnate.
He is obviously a fucking bigot.
I don't see how you can A. Condemn Racism.
B.
Support a BLATANT racist piece of shit.
hahahahah post your portfolio you poor nigger
"We are all communists" -Official position of ethereum peopleThe next time you have physical access to someone who owns ETH and at least one blunt instrument, remember the 100 million dead.
These people are pure evil and you must do your moral duty.
Most of Silicon Valley is overwhelmingly libertarian
Not really.
Europe alone has 743 million people.
Of which 95% are white.
The USA has 223 million whites.Then you have whites in Australia, South Africa, New Zealand, Brazil, Argentina and so forth.
4374440Seek help dude.
Those numbers are a bit high dude, significantly mixed people don't count.
I believe the more accurate estimate is ~800m
And then I forgot Canada.
Everyone forgets Canada.You also arguably have whites in the Caucasus, Israel and the middle east if you want to push the definition.
But I don't really consider them white.
You have to keep in mind almost half the minorities in west europe actually come from europe.
No ifs or buts about such a grave matter.You have made yourself an enemy of mankind itself and you get no human rights.
how is this post correlated with the eth cycle today?
Caucasus is white!!!!
>touching cucktherum and getting Vitalik AIDS
What is your estimate based on?
Communists led by Child Porn Man Vitalik Buterin have made an official declaration:"We are all communists.
"Socialists across europe tried to legalize child sex in the 70s and early 80s.Coincidence?
A source I've forgotten, sorry, I don't carry around a book of source unfortunately.
Ignore the number if you don't feel like looking into it.
ETH: from each child porn producer according to his ability, to each according to the pedophile's need.
one retard who has nothing to do with eth spergs out>"huur bash everyone who owns eth!
"how is this any different to>one retard spergs out and plows his car into protestors>"huur everyone who isnt pro-blm/liberal/sjw/whatever is a neo nazi terrorist!
punch them all!"
Well one is a single guy nobody has ever heard about and the other is a CEO speaking on behalf of the entire project.But what's good for the goose is good for the gander.
You can't hold random people to a higher standard than literally the entire establishment.Everyone associated with ETH in any way must be destroyed.
Ethereum: "We are all communists."
Unironically just sold all my eth
Ethereum devs: "We are all communists."
(meaning all the devs and the community in general)"[Indians] are racially superior to the whites and always have been.
We have always known that."
"[Indians] have always been superior to the whites.
So have the jews.
"Ethereum community: "Please don't apologise!
Your thread on Twitter is everything I hoped for in an Ethereum dev.
Reddit is just a cesspool of reactionaries.
I'm sorry you're getting so much hate from victim complex white people on this sub."
and the other is a CEO speaking on behalf of the entire projectno he isnt.
maybe you should actually do the slightest bit of research before going off on a holy crusade.you are literally no different to a crazy sjw faggot
superior to whites>still shitting in the streetSomeone should just post that street shitters pic on his tweet and make him watch his superior race in action
no one on the ethereum team said that.
keep trying you mental case.
What do you guys think of my ethereum cake/shirt combo?
I got plenty of upboats for it on /r/ethereum
Wrong.Reminder: "We (Ethereum developers/founders/power brokers) are all communists."
well....Libertarian Lawyers or advised by them.
AKA lie about being SJWs & never pay taxes.
Act like you care about minorities while making billions aka The Clinton Approach
ETH once again proving it can do whatever the fuck it wants and take zero fucking damage.
It is literally walking the walk my friend and it is literally unstoppable.
Vinay's currently getting roasted in his own thread on the Ethereum reddit.
www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/7d02zj/i_have_done_something_rash_ive_kicked_off_a/This will be funny shit when Vitalik goes to defend him.
The mETH devs are fucking amateurs in every way possible.
This is actually impressive desu, it should be dead because it's shit technology but people don't give a FUCK.
Most of the real users back him.
Those who abuse and assault with troll comments are anonymous.The ETH community stands behind Gupta.
No room for hate.
We lean forward with love in our hearts.
Ethereum starts looking less reliable by the day.
openly communist devs>no freedom of speech>not immutable >centralised around a "foundation" of early devsCan you elaborate on what Ethereum is offering please?
Why do you call him vitamin b?
triggeringthis deluded street shitter is a god damn goldmine
Funny how everyone shitting on a Person of Color for striking back at LITERAL NEONAZIS are themselves white males with fragility, which is the point to begin with.And you're not welcome on our platform.
Go make a hitlercoin and die in darkness and hate.
We move forward in lightness and love.PS.
white males lived in caves and crawled on all four while we building civilizations.
That's just a fact.
Vitalik wont defend him.
Vitalik will just ignore the ramblings of a nutcase who has nothing to do with the project.The shit talking only comes out because eth is pumping.
Strong fud=strong moon mission.
has nothing to do with the project.This is a LIE.Even the top post in your reddit link says that Gupta speaks for all of the project/community (although this person also says he should no longer have that role, presumably because the communism was meant to be secret)
vitalik buterinvitamin bget your daily dose
Hm, all these points show a high likelihood of governments backing Ethereum, might go all in.
Meanwhile in realityhttps://youtu.be/tkOsgXHUGs0
>"The only thing that will help the situation is for the Ethereum community to shit all over this guy like his cousins shit all over Bombay street.
"This poster got downvote bombed and bannedThe Ethereum community stands with Vinay Gupta.
DEAL.
WITH.
IT.
"We (Ethereum) are all communists."DEAL.
WITH.
IT.
Hello!
Right, so, let me clarify a few things.)
I do not work for the Ethereum Foundation, and if I was speaking in an official territory, I would probably not have said things like "we are all communists" or "fuck off you nazi motherfuckers, go build your own platforms.
"Keep trying, fudding pajeet.
see 
What an absolute faggot
4375079He's part of the founders and he admits they are all communists, and they believe in racial inferiority of whites.Black on white.You can't change that.This is what you believe.
Non-troll Ethereum community to Gupta: >Please don't apologise!
Your thread on Twitter is everything I hoped for in an Ethereum dev.
Reddit is just a cesspool of reactionaries.
I'm sorry you're getting so much hate from victim complex white people on this sub.
4373998The problem with this argument is that there are so many very successful people who view some form of welfare as generally beneficial, and that there is a giant swath of blue collar workers who are right-wing as fuck.
I'm not buying the argument.
>[–]abullbyanyname 8 points 5 hours ago >Yep, just looking at post history is pretty revealing in this thread.
There’s maybe 1-2 people from the community actually in here.
The rest are just stirring the pot.REMNIDER that ALMOST ALL non-troll Etherum people STAND BEHIND GUPTA'S comments.YES, we affirm that we are communists.What are you doing to do about it, Adolf babydick live in cave white boy?
youre a literal mirror of a retard sjw who would grab onto one of trumps tweets and act like its proof all white people are evil and trump wants to put non whites in concentration campsimagine being this fucked in the head.
sort yourself out broactually, just kys
[–]Reso 3 points 5 hours ago Don't apologize I'm agreeing with you in principle.
I already own $10,000 of Blockbuster stock, why would I buy another stock?
then why threaten with it?
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.Also, we need 100 million dead commies before justice has been served and we can live in magical centrist fedoraland where we gain IQ points every time we don't take positions on anything.
As you would know the specific technology is largely irrelevant right now, nobody gives a shit if some autist from the internet thinks there's better tech and rightly so, how would any given autist have any idea what the fuck will be mainstream in 15 years.
Some of us will be right because we have them all covered, but none of us knew shit.
(((They))) see the who's who of earth, ((they))) see the liquidity to actually invest, (((they))) see the monster cock BTC getting bitch slapped into wild swings, (((they))) see ETH flex with impunity.
I can assure you anon that where the players struggle with BTC they can understand with ETH, I can assure you of this.
Better go out and kill some then instead of sperging on 4chan like the basement dwelling waste of oxygen you are
transferring my assets to poloniex as we speak.
what should i get for it?
is BCH still a thing?
I'm really tempted to move some holdings into ETH but I'm currently under buy in on alts and don't want to take the loss to do it.
Thoughts?
You triggered, communist?Outed by your own "racial superior" who is an actual public street defecator, and you can't do shit about it, cuck.
You're fucking inferior to THAT.
And you have to take it because the ideology ordains the Progressive Stack.
White cave beast to the back!
Sit down!
Shut up!
say that to my face fucker not online and see what happens
That’s emotional investing.
If you do it you will get rekt.
I haven’t sold ETH because of these comments, but I am now deebly goncerned that they will build in censorship, which will diminish the value of the system itself.
If you give ideological opponents the will to embrace or create an alternative, that alternative might be more attractive, possibly even to normies.
Consider, Andrew Anglin is now pulling in nearly ten bills a month on Hatreon.
Kicking him off Patreon had no effect except making Patreon look like bad people.
The Negro Leagues in baseball were created as a result of exclusion, now people are nostalgic for them.
You're probably right, I'll hold out until I can sell in a high then split into ETH a bit later if it's still looking ok.>Kicking him off Patreon had no effect except making Patreon look like bad peopleUnfortunately I don't think normies think about it that way.
Personally I accumulate in BTC and ETH, whichever is cheaper at the time and bag hodl some other big coins.
In the nearer term if the big boys don't wipe out the market for us they don't have too many choices on what to buy, the liquidity just isn't there even if they wanted to so I really think it'll for the most part be BTC and ETH.
The normies as we know are already well into BTC, they've started on ETH too, but overall for the true normie I think we want the coin that will make them feel elite in purchasing and nothing else, this is quite possibly burned for BTC already.
Think of the normie you know who talks about how he bought something like ''property'' or ''telsa'', the extra annunciation he puts on these words, as though he can feel the swing of a huge phantom cock every time he speaks them.
Which coin will swing this phantom?
Say them all out loud and make your selections.
ITT: sell your eth so i can still get them cheap
Jesus Christ he literally looks like an amerimutt goblin
Superpower by 2020
>Ethereum founder: We are all communists.
Whites are racial inferiors.>-"Brilliant" - Other Ethereum devs.Ethereum team also confirms that Ethereum is not a place for speech which does not confirm to communism, by affirming that it's "a threat" to Ethereum.
Prominent /r/Ethereum member texture (37k karma):>>(another user): He is nobody to define Ethereum’s ideology.>I am.
We're communist.
Always have been.
Literally everyone who matters in connection with Ethereum are saying they're communists and agree with Gupta.Which, once again, is what Gupta said.
"We are all communists."
No, that isn't trolling.
He was telling the truth (obviously; it is said in the context of many lengthy rants about how he is going to scheme and toy with Ethereum's parameters to destroy any right-wing presence)
I'm selling out - this coin isn't going anywhere when the representatives have this mindset.
bye, you wont be missed
t. communist
Watch out Nazis, Big Vin is coming for you
IoT ico.Info please.
Criminally underrated.
selling on feelings and not profitThe absolute state of /biz/, low iq frogposters
Trusting communists with your money is like trusting pedophiles to watch your kids.
I don't trust these guys with either.
I just bought some ETH a few days ago because it seemed like a relatively safe investment.I don't like this guy or his sjw bullshit, but is this really going to sink the coin?
Tbh I just want to make money.
This, unironically.They can teleport too.
Googled his tweeter acct:"Vinay Gupta is a refugee shelter designer".Ahhahahaha
Gupta be trollingHear me out on this one:We all know full well that (((bankers))) are shitting their pants in fear of blockchain.
So we can already anticipate that they will call their fellow tribe mates in media and and government to campaign against what they perceive as a threat, so their lawyers will draft laws and their media buddies will trot their pets Ellen DeGenerate and Mark Ruffalo out to speak about the horrors of anonymity.
So, Vinay very visibly shouts out anti-white messages which (((incumbents))) see is pissing off “nazis” and instead of tying to strangle Ethereum in the cradle, they bust a nut into a potted plant.
In reality, there ain’t shit anyone can do to keep someone off of Ethereum.
Communist for non whites only.
LOL as if anybody who has a real amount of money in etehreum isnt white.
im sorry you and your 546 cousins ETH wallets only have 0.8 combined ETH
Bankers arent shitting their pants they could simply buy a majoroty stake in any coin with the fiat they print for free, and dont tell me most hodlers wouldnt sell out for the right amount of fiat.
Buy NEO or EOS, they do basically the same as ETH but without the bullshit politics.
I can't believe this shit, mang
Pajeet strikes again
0% > 56% %
Already have some NEO.See, sometimes evil is profitable, though, and I'm willing to profit off of evil.
Is ETH's antifa / anti-free speech stuff going to make it unprofitable?
That is the question.
selling on feelings and not profitThe whole point of Gupta's twitter rant is to have certain groups not go into ethereum.
The only color I care about is green, so fuck do I give if these groups use ethereum when it's going to make me money.The only one adjusting their actions because of feelings is the fucking eth dev team.
Fuck this emotionally and intellectually incontinent bigot.
AHAHAHA he's fucking insane
MKUltra shit
The funniest thing of all this is that ppl believe these cuckolds will keep the eth chain censorship- and tamper free when big gov and three letter agencies start leaning on them.Being censorship- and tamper free being the only upside of crypto over just using paypal or your bank.
That’s true of any one specific coin.
But the technology is out there that will ultimately render the fiat currency useless.
Gupta is a racist bigot with a completely irrational view of the world, he's a fuckin moron.Sold my ETH, won't support it ever again
Kek, same here
EXPOSE THESE FREAKS, BIZ.
Spread this info.Ver, Gupta, and the other shady characters in cyrpto have GOT TO GO.
These toxic people can and will ruin crypto in the long term.
Imagine if you worked for Google, JP Morgan etc and behaved like Roger Ver or Gupta.
You would be immediately fired and blacklisted.EXPOSE THESE FREAKS or your investment into crypto will be LOST