When will this 10x?
within a few months.
have you taken your ADD meds yet OP?
x2 in next 48 hours.
tomorrow big announcement
HODL tight and have a little patience.
Don't be shortsighted like most biz noobs.
That's why they are losing money.
REQ 10x is a few months off.
>fires up computer>logs onto the internet>asks an internet forum to predict the future
I hate this kind of shit that developers pull, most announcements are shit and leads to a dump.
They should just say it outright on their twitter what it is like normal.
Now I have to make a choice of to sell of some of my stack to reduce the risk of a dump tommorow or sell none and hope its good news
Your impatience is astounding.
Just sell so we can have another hilarious pink wojack thread of you screaming aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
It is a weekly dev announcement.
Nothing special.
Just /biz/ hyping it up.
On top the are doing a AMA.
Alright but I'm just a trader that trades many different coins.
That was my take on it, but you see REQ right now at 1000 sats?
Yeah that the hard resistance right now, this is the place it will pull back, sell 10% of your holdings and buy in the pull back
No it's not like that at all, they always have weekly announcements, and never claim it's big or anythingWhen they do claim something though, it's legit, they are ahead of their roadmap, and very committed.
They are also the most humble dev team you will ever see.
They never make big claims, or make shilling statements.
When the aggressive marketing rumour was going around, the CEO took it hard personally and released a statement saying how he doesn't want anyone to aggressively promote Request, and how the product will speak for itself.One of their devs did a comparison between Request and OMG, and he was brutally honest, even self-depricating to a point.
Very humble, it really made me admire them even moreThese guys literally make no grand claims, and are instead investing all their time in actually developing their product.
They are committed to make their product speak for itself.This is why I have a really really good feeling about this coin.
I do believe the 2x very son but not because of the AMA or anything.
Req was supposed to moon right away, only reasn it didn't was the btc fork shit.
Now it's req time
Is binance the best site to sell this just because it has the highest volume?
req go
what is the deal with the stairstepped sell walls on binance?
milestones on our way to the moon