BITJOB is your 20X moon.Why?- 880K Market Cap- Undiscovered- WAY Under ICO Price- Large Team( https://bitjob.io/#team )- Only On EtherDelta- No One KNOWS About It Yet- Experienced Team Developing This For A Year- Not On CoinMarketCap These are the coins you buy before anyone else does.You're buying it 4x cheaper than ICO.
Etherdelta link: https://etherdelta.com/#STU-ETH
Im a sucker for these sub 1mil MC coins.
Any word on exchanges though?
looks like its been on ED for a while now
i guess they took a hit from the BTC drama.. causing dip in price.
interesting
Yes its still undiscovered.
Market cap 850k
How do I use Etherdelta?
lol doesnt know how to use etherdeltaLike people are too lazy to lookup a youtube video these days.
I was looking at this a few days ago actually, but was too lazy to figure out etherdelta.
Gonna go watch a tutorial now
easy x4 here
Etherdelta not hard to learn!
Some buys triggered so im in, you fags better be right.
done accumulating rn, below 400 is cheap as dirt
lol((they)) will fuck you over just like bancor - remember them?Actually small team, most there just to make it look larger.Failed to raise money during the ico, most raised during the "pre-sale" period, ie - fucking whales bought most of the supply.
Think about it, they even gave free trezor to the ico participant and that didn't help.Cheap jew marketing, that's all folks.
Beware.If you are still not convinced look for them on youtube - bunch of amateurs, they can't even explain what's crypto and why it is good.
There is a video with them trying to explain that to the dutch gov reps.You'll lose your money.
this is a 850k market cap..... 850K You know what 850k looks like in crypto?
oh and by the way, they have no poc, mvp or anything else except a laughable mock-up they made to pretend they have an mvp.
They used Html, css and JS to create few pages without any functionality or connection to the actual blockchain.
Disgusting and scammy if you ask me
Bought some, easy x2 - x3
plz buy my bags