what to hold into the fork brain rankings
Really wish i could say alts but id be lying.
Play it safe hold fiat, at best its going to hold its price, at worst its going to tank really fucking hard.
I think its gon a tank down to 4500
Im 50% alts (LINK,REQ,ARK)50% bcashWorking out pretty good so far, i'm gaining btc against bitcoin so far
template btw
Redpill me on holding Bitcoin Cash for the fork.
Isn't Segwit2x just an excuse made up by miners to have Bcash pump?
Hash power does not determine what is Bitcoin like they say, and the futures market is BTFO of B2X so miners will lose millions a day if they mean it over the real bitcoin.
Is their plan to offset that loss with bcash pumping?
Monero.
are you guys shills or literally retarded?
you must be the same fucking faggots who fudded me into not selling all my alts in august for free bcc to sell for btc.
I missed out on a free $1800 when btc was 2k, i actually had a ton of fiat ready to buy in but you faggots promised a massive dip, but nope, it sky rocketed to 5k and stayed at 4k till it dipped in september which is when i bought.
I'm a baby whale now and you retards will not fud people into not cashing in free segshit2x for sweet sweet BTC.
im expecting to trade in this shit coin for a total of 2 btc.
when btc hits 1 million in 2020, i'll look back at the time i got 2 million burgers for free.
HOLD BTC, LIVE STRESS FREE
Hold btc you fucking retard have these passed two months not taught you anything?
Same thing ppl said before August fork.
It is not going to crash.
august fork had replay protection this one doesn't and s2x futures are trading at over 1k that money will come out of the current btc price
I am but I was considering diversifying some of the free coin I will get from selling bitcoin gold.
money for freeDo you realize the market does not work that way?
Somebody has to actually buy the forked coins.
Even the bch post august fork traded for 200$.
Yeah, so dip ft om 7300 to 5-6k is a crash?
Wtf.
Do you realize we did not exect even 5000 per BTC just 1.5 month ago?
lol what the fuck is bitcoin plus
it will dip more because people know that loss is coming and then some people will panic sellmeanwhile bch becomes more and more profitable to mine
get in bitcoin cash guys... safest thing with the fork incoming this thing is going to 3x going towards the fork.
Whales accumulating and miners sell their btc profit for bitcoin cash... bch is Satoshi's vision
Isn't Segwit2x just an excuse made up by miners to have Bcash pump?
you redpilled yourself bro
I'm in bch instead of btc also, but I don't believe btc will crash significantly post fork.
I'm getting so many fucking mixed signals.
50% Nubitz , 25% ALTs , 25% Bch?Seems the most intelligent approach
All I have is a bit of ether, can't wait for the btc crash.
But then again isn't pretty much everyone just holding their breaths hoping the price drops dramatically?
Anyone?
4244752nobody knows what the fuck nubitz is
BCC plus alts should be k