I was doing so well back in August when I was blindly trading off intuition alone.
I was just moving stacks around on bittrex without a care in the world.Now, I've become a hollowed out husk of a man, spending hours each day reading news, lack of sleep, eyes bloodshot.
I chase moon shots, devour updates and news, and manage my money like an autistic freak, always trying to do the unconventional thing and one-up everyone else.
As a result, I've lost 50% of my stack.Nothing makes sense anymore.
It hurts so bad.
I thought I Was a smart bastard.
Turns out I'm a fucking retard.
You’re at the midwayish point of really learning about something and maybe even actually being good at it in another 6 months
>wow I was doing fucking amazing in a bull market>NOOOOOO WHY IS EVERYTHING FALLING IN A BEAR MARKET!
?I fell for the hodl meme and held NEO and OMG past ATH and all the way until it depreciated 50% in value.
thats a fucking cute cat
It's called paying tuition.
Everytime I see it, I'm like what a cute cat.
Then I remember my cat of 20 years passed away a couple months ago.
Might consider adopting a cat in a year or so but man I miss my cat.
how to get good?
it seems impossiblethere are probably whale groups with inside information about everything.
they hold the strings, it's disgusting.
OMG is about to moon.
wave 3 of a bullish elliot wave is forming right now

That's Maru.
I feel I haven't moved forward since June.Total crypto assets have been 20K since then, and my BTC stack has only shrunk.
it really hurts hearing all these success stories, and all these moon missions that happen under your nose, which you then go back and analyze and think "holy shit that was so obvious, why didn't i do that???"
Don't worry about the past, you'll fail every time if you live in the past.
there are probably whale groups with inside information about everything.
they hold the strings, it's disgusting.first step to getting good is stop creating fantasies where you're a victim or rationalizing your current progress or standing as the result of some invisible group.
cost average whatever money you can into btc/the shitcoin you truly believe in until you make it.
understand that the risk varies.
bagholding a small or medium cap shitcoin if you believe in its potential after doing research is a good idea to make large gains but you have to be patient, active, and get lucky.
you CAN deliver pizzas and live with your parents if you believe enough to hold through the down times and keep at it.
I completely tread water in crypto for 3 years before getting lucky finally from the methods I described.
if youre momentum trading the shitcoin of the day with some small portion of your funds, take more small losses early rather than holding for multiple days and losing value.
it's easier to hold something through irrational movement when you believe in it.
you WILL make it if you simply cost average bitcoin and live a minimal lifestyle, while also trading with very small fractions of that and accumulating something else you believe in where you can realistically get to .1% or more of the supply (ideally higher but the more of a supply you can afford the riskier and more patience and luck it will likely take).
if youre bored and need some relevant inspiration watch Milton Friedman lectures.
If you want something lighter and more modern about a good mindset for this stuff watch Anton Kreil videos and pretend he's really talking about crypto instead of stocks when he mentions "frontier markets".
good luck anon, don't give up.