Why should I do it, why should I not?
What cryptos seem lucrative rn and what should I expect from it?Is there anything else I need to know that is not accessible to average normie outside of /biz/?
buy high sell lowstock up on pink wojackswelcome to /biz
Redpill me on crypto investmentIt's a bubble that will eventually burst, but not in the time naysayers think.
We'll be good for 10 more years at least.Why should I do itYou can multiply your worth 5x over in a year pretty easily with no effortwhy should I not?You'll become a slave to Blockfolio and /biz/ and if you suck you'll lose all your money.What cryptos seem lucrative rnBTC, LTC, ETH, NEOwhat should I expect from it?gainzIs there anything else I need to know that is not accessible to average normie outside of /biz/?Nah
>Why should I do it, why should I not?
You should've do it before 2017 where BTC went up like crazy for almost no reason at all.
But don't say that we're in a bubble or crypto enthusiastic will be triggered.Better late than sorry if you have something that you can afford yo lose.>What cryptos seem lucrative rn and what should I expect from it?x1000 to 0, it's a non regulated market, you'll never know.>Is there anything else I need to know that is not accessible to average normie outside of /biz/?buy high sell low
4372056>It's a bubble that will eventually burst, but not in the time naysayers think.
We'll be good for 10 more years at least.more people are waking up to this, I hope it's just /biz/
>Why should I do it, why should I not?
Well i mean compare the potential of an "okay" crypto to a huge stock like microsoft.
It can do what Microsoft can do in a few years in a couple months.>What cryptos seem lucrative rn and what should I expect from it?This depends on what you're here for.
I discovered crypto from an interest in programming in tech.
So while many people have fudded LINK, i think its great.
I've made some good money off link.
But thats only because I didnt get emotional about it.
I sold at 41 cents.
But I was able to do that because i'm at my computer a good amount of the day because i'm a programmer.>Is there anything else I need to know that is not accessible to average normie outside of /biz/?Do the opposite of what biz does.
Literally.They all fudded the fuck out of BCH a week ago, only a few individuals were shilling.
I listened and got a 3x.
But I didnt listen to biz.So take everything i'm saying and do the opposite.
Cob - Cobinhood - Exchange launches this month, also underwriting the cyber miles ICO.
GNT and Exp based on TA and patterns.KMD and Eth long term
What's the max amount of BTC you guys would day trade with?
At some point the order books aren't big enough for you to get the trades you want right?
Ever heard of this thing called a partial fill order?
Crypto is stocks for niggers and beaners and anyone else who doesn't actually understand money.
2017 was the Year at this same time too.
My first child was just born and I decided to stop working to help out with our first born.
Maybe I'm a bad father but newborns don't really need much of your time if you have family willing to help out.
So I had a bit of extra time and I wanted to play online poker for real money... No income was coming in so why not.
Where im at online gambling is banned so I decided to sign up for a offshore site and use BTC to play.
I made an account for a wallet and everything ...
The price of one btc was 705 at the time.
Damn that's expensive as fuck I thought I don't wanna play even if it's just for fractions so I stopped right there.
Instead I went to twitch to watch others play online poker rooms to see what I was missing.
And there I was broke without any coins and a newborn who probably hates me for not buying some bitcoins I could have turned to an easy 7500 by now.
Why do I tell you this op?
Because you're scared just fucking something maybe you too will regret not buying some even if it's just for a fraction of a coin it could sky rocket in price and you won't regret it...or maybe you will who cares
If you're too retarded to be unable to research this shit yourself just don't even bother with it You'll end up losing money due to either incompetence, impatience, or overreacting to the market.
Now scurry back to /pol/ where you blindly follow the various opinions shouted at you.
It's a bubble that will eventually burst, but not in the time naysayers think.
We'll be good for 10 more years at least.confusing technological adoption trends with a bubble
Bitcoin is mainly used for darknet transactions and its prolly the miners/drug dealers who are pumping it.
If the Feds ever did a thorough investigation of crypto, itll prolly all be illegal.With that said, the black market is also one of the most lucrative markets and there are million dollar bitcoin mines set up by greed mongers like us who keep the hash rate running.
This thing might be illegal but theres no real way to stop it and theres a lot of money behind it.