when is REQ gonna move?
Never.
Confirmed shitcoin.>In before it's a long term hold, it's only 3 weeks old, give it some timeClassic state of biz
6 weeks
it will move after you sell anon.
but the long term hold of ETH worked out
Because it was new and innovative and it was a Fucking blockchain.
Look at the top coins and check out how of them are Blockchains.
And do you even know how competition is in the payments sector?
Especially blockchain right now.
tides a changin m8tokens gonna become the hot thing in Crypto in 2018
Based in what assumption?
tokens are where the useful things are coming>LINK oracles>OMG and REQ payment optionsthere are probably more that aren't even on biz's radar
Check out BlockMason, Req is a dead coin
dead coin>hasn't even really gotten off the ground yet
They scammed 20k from a client
Well OMG is a token and it reached 1bil marketcap with no product no roadmap and only a vague white paper
just reqt 100k
You realize that if you don't believe in tokens, you also have zero reason to believe in ETH or any of these other blockchains except BTC, right?
4390401ie, ETH is simply gas for the Ethereum network, which is a platform for decentralized applications (re: tokens).
More or less the same shit for NEO, LSK and others.
OMG will have it's own blockchain are you really that dumb?You can build everything in the Blockchain.
Erc20 Tokens are just lawyers which can be obsolete in the future
When t's gonna move you won't like where it's moving, confirmed bleeding shitcoin.
jesus anon how low have u set your buy orders?
He is right.
This shitcoin wont move, the only way is down
4391046Same fagging or pump fags
OMG reached 1b marketcap because Omise is an actual successful company that is growing like crazy.REQ is literally just a whitepaper made by neets
its shit
https://www.reddit.com/r/RequestNetwork/comments/7daklw/request_team_is_not_looking_for_exchanges_and/They don't care but exchanges, this shitcoin is like LINK without any pump.
Gl holding your bags/Biz/ in a nutshell thinks OMG is only this high because of Selfies and Skateboards, shows the average IQ of this board
Add one more from the pump/dump group 
https://blog.request.network/request-network-project-update-october-27th-2017-1cd981fe131a>Visibility: New exchange listing>We know how important gateways are to the Request ecosystem and we will keep paying attention to those for the long term vision of the project.
They don’t care about the exchanges because they’ll function as an exchange for normies
Y COMBINATOR
it will rise a tiny bit again, then every fucktard can sell off feeling clever that this time they made 5% gains.
Then comes the 1000% jump
1000% jump
They have extremely aggressive marketing.
REQ bag holder checking in for my moon trip.
REQ is the new exchange the normies.
You are deluded af or just mental
AS an exchange normies will never get onto using exchanges/trading currencies, REQ is the closest thing to what they do which is transfer money over from one another
Can i get a link to the slack group?
I wish you all the best on this REQ moon mission.
Hopefully it works out well for you.
Peacue out
this
You too buddy.
We’ll see what happens
Implying I need samefagging, I barely care about your coin, it is just delicious to warn you, see you go all butthurt/tinfoil and then being proven right in the future, it's the "I told you" feeling, also I enjoy your anxiety.I'm into the cryptogame since 2 years and I just have to look at the roadmap to say that this will be at 13-16 millions marketcap in february.The bleeding happened with RLC/ZRX/SNT/CVC/BAT (all of them at least had the advantage of being in the beginning or middle of the ico hype train contrary to REQ) and it will happen with this one too, there will be no "sudden moment" when the market will realize it was dumb and will massively buy REQ in the coming weeks or even months.For now the people are holding because there is no reason not too and it's still relatively new so there is a bit of hype around it, however as weeks pass and other rockets launch while Request has nothing on sight a large amount people will grow impatient, feel the FOMO and sell to make their money back elsewhere, especially with the Ethereum pump that everyone is seeing coming or the next rally on Bitcoin.I will maybe buy some in Q2 2018 when everyone would have forgotten Request if they prove themselves to deliver on time but not before.
with that logic whats the point of holding anything?this market moves at random most of the time anyway
salty fudder detected.I'll make this baby go to a 300 mil market cap on my own.
without product.
It will pull an omg wether you like it or not.
implys to chase PnD coins>and keep hodling ETH / BTC
>all these noREQs>their face when $5 in 2018
mfw 1 dollar by January 1
mfw $1 by January 1st
Lol.They already moved their product launch from q1 2018 to sometime in the next 5 weeks as they are ahead of schedule.How many coins in the top 100 have a released product?!
It's still "only" Test Net and not Main Net, don't overestimate it.
very, very few.
OMG got to 1 billion market cap without even releasing a fucking product.
god this shit is gonna fly, meanwhile biz is fudding the shit out of it and buying fucking scam coins on ED.
oh well, its not like all of us can get rich.
I'd be happy at 7c by the end of November
with that logic whats the point of holding anything?But holding is a meme in cryptos, everyone who is trading since more than 6 months and is in the green will tell you: take your profits and move away the moment the hype is fading.There are few unicorns that are actually worth holding but it's extremely hard to tell which they are, who knows what the top 20 marketcap will be in 1 years outside of Bitcoin, Ethereum and few old coins like Monero?Also you don't have to hold to follow a project actively, I'm following one since its ICO every week and I didn't even put a satoshi in it until yesterday, if I had put 1 BTC in it in July would have lost 75% of my investment before they even released something, instead of that I'm even getting a 30% discount in dollars by buying now.Reality is that people holding shitcoin are driven by the FOMO that the coins they invested so much time researching and evangelizing would moon without them one night despite the fact there are 99% chances it won't happen.
OMG had Omise, Vitalik/Poon/wood and some very smart marketing (people laugh about the skateboard or the mcdonald but it was actually very clever, everyone heard about it in the cryptosphere).It was still in the middle of the ICOmania where everything with a good WP and names was in for the 100 millions mkcap.Also if you think these frenchies will pull that out you are delusional, french are notorious shit at marketing in tech, it's not the people bagholding RLC who will tell me otherwise.t.
frenchfag
and still REQ is a solid project and even if they don't deliver at all this will get to atleast $100 mil market cap at some point in time.
They have biweekly updates and those are always moments for the coin to gain public aind investors.
4392226You might be right.
Future will tell us.
Kinda impossible to predict anything in crypto.
For every buy order there are 10 sell orders.
looks like smelly shitcoin all over.