AHHHHHHHHHH MY BAGS!!!!!
This fucking thing is just never gonna stop going down, is it?Glad I sold my bags at 10 cents, jesus christ.
I'll buy back in when it hits 3 cents
accumulate
stop buying bullshit "exchange dividend" tokens.
nobody actually uses this exchange
genuinely just bought another 12k coss when it dipped to 5 cents im so fucking ready for when the ICOs start pouring in and the volume competitions begin.
will we bounce back up?
I have so much coss i couldn't liquidate it even if i wanted to.... my forearms are bigger than arnold schwazeneggars legs when he was in his prime!!
MY BAGSS AHHHH
will we bounce back up?Duhwhat a waste of dubz
Bad news?
Or why is this dumping even harder?
i hope so, accumulation started
% bonus for buying ICOs through coss>~$120k-$200k giveaways to top 50 volume traders each month>not bullish on cosssome people have literally no patience, the facts are staring you in the face, competitions with big giveaways based on volume -> moon
loving this accumulation phase, hope it keeps going
november news werent too good desu, except for the new ICOs.
a couple more confido scam and it not gonna mean shit either.development takes time, what a surprise, fiat gateway takes even more time, even bigger surprise.im still comfy, if the cryptospace will be still there til its finished, its gonna be huge
~$120k-$200k giveaways to top 50 volume traders each monthIs this real?
Source?
I'll trade the shit out of this exchange if true.
For all of the above ICO’s there will be trading promo’s once they list on coss.ioThe 50 top volume traders of each specific token will share a nice pool of the said token.
Estimated ICO value of the pools $30–50,000USD for each token.For Dropdeck, LalaWorld and Aditus there will be an added 5% on top of all existing bonuses if bought through the coss.io platform.On top of this we are also discussing with many many more upcoming ICO’s and we estimate that we could easily offer 4–6 ICO’s per month going forward.
https://medium.com/@runeevensen/coss-io-update-november-19th-2017-63db94e9d680
>bogs as advisorswhat could go wrong?
>The meeting that saved crypto