Shitloads of coins are breaking their BTC correlation and mooning with BTC near ATH.
Are we all finally gonna make it?
We will see 10 Trillion USD crypto market cap.
In the end we won't need to cash out.
We will be paying our cars, homes with crypto.
i sure hope so lad>tfw missed the march - july bullrun
new batch of tethers gets printed>BTC goes full retard again>every other coin gets rapedWait for it.
Imagine if that really happens in our lifetime.. instead of complete bubble burst and pink wojacks jumping off the windowsShit this is fucked up
this in a decade desumore like 10 trillion 24 hr volume thoughthere's an estimated 2 quadrillion in otc derivatives floating around out there and when the hypermoon begins it's coming to cryptoland
there WILL be an 80% pullback in our near future (2-3 years).
but it'll be from something like 150k - 30k not 8k - 1.6k, i-i hope
LOL, pullback.
There are probably still doubters sitting on the sideline with their twitter stock thinking we will have a pullback to 25B whole market value.
They think all this is just bitcoin clones...
LOL, pullback.i've been in btc a long time m8.
one thing that's a guarantee is that there's always a pull back.
it's encoded into the repeating fractal pattern.
it's just a matter of how far up we go before it pops.
then a matter of how long the bear is until the next hypermoon.
because of it's exponential nature i think the next bear will only lat 6 months or so instead of 2 years like the last one.
then we're off to multiple 100k's if not the big one
2-3 yearsfuck LINK won't even deliver by then
Need milkies real bad...
I'm fucking scared man.
Where is all that money coming from?
I can see normies buying bitcoin or even eth, but even altcoins are in the green.
I'm glad to be making gains but I can't shake the feeling something's up.
GVT gentleman.
We'll get the finest suits.
we're 6 months away from another alt golden age.
I am not talking about BTC.
I think BTC is a dodo bird waiting for an eagle to take its place.
Its days are numbered (and maybe BTC will have pullback) but crypto in general is not going to pull back.
Days of BTC causing whole market swings are numbered.
I have been in btc a long time too "m8"
Plz gib
So what is the next big thing?ETH?
XRP?
REQ
maidsafe desu
Daily reminder that Griffith did nothing wrong.
>All the coins I bought are still downREEEEEEE
not sure but i'm ready to ditch my alts in a heartbeat the minute BTC starts mooning and fucking everything up again
IotaLinkLTCCossGNT if they deliver the product (largest FOMO potential in crypto space right now)
I would highly recommend not selling all your alts.
What is going to happen first, BTC to $20k or your alts doubling?
what's going to happen first BTC to $9k or LINK to 3000 satslol.
why not double down and save your btc, buy back cheap alts later and keep the change
think BTC is a dodo bird waiting for an eagle to take its place.wishful thinking imo m80
We will see.
What % of your holdings are in BTC?
What % do you think someone who has been in crypto for more than 1 year is in BTC?
People seem to naturally catch on that BTC has first mover advantage.... and... that is about it.
Is there something I am missing here with BTC significance over first mover advantage?
where are people buying alt coins from?
I'm on polo which doesnt have shit
I'm currently 45% BTC, having been in since 2012.
I was 50:50 with ETH for quite a while but currently hold none.BTC is going to remain the first port of call for anyone entering the space imo, from normies to institutional investors.
I don't see that changing any time soon.And i think you're overestimating how much the vast majority are analyzing crypto markets.
Sure, we do, but that's because we've wholly bought into the meme.
Nearly everyone I know who has gotten into crypto can barely understand anything and are parked 100% in BTC, to overwhelmed to diversify or too happy with their gains to care.
People seem to naturally catch on that BTC has first mover advantage.... and... that is about it.
Is there something I am missing here with BTC significance over first mover advantage?Do you really not understand how important this is for a currency/worldwide accepted store of value?
btc is and always will be "the crypto dollar"
Says who?
This is just speculation of the future.
Correct?
https://youtu.be/9zSPKYvZth4?t=15m56s15m56s