What do we do now biz?
Reddit keeps trash talking our biz picks.
Most of our picks tanked this month.
I know, i know most of our picks are long term holds but I cant help raging at these plebbitors for saying we dont know how to judge crypto.
Lets send our best astronauts to combat these mofos
its obvious biz dosen't know shit so why you care what reddit say
they are better than most of youi've been telling you fags to buy QTUM for 2 weeks since it was ~$10 and look we just broke resistance at $15 again and going for $20+ in the next few days.
I don't even have anything to personally gain talking about a $1B+ market cap coin on biz.
4466296But they're only buying coins that already mooned.
The same coins we fucking shilled when they still had a low marketcap.
Please don't mention the world astronaut.
I got joosted by it hard.Triggered
Reddit keeps trash talking our biz picks.And how would you know this unless you visited Reddit?Nice try Reddit scum.
Take your flase flag illuminati normie shit back to facebook where someone might actually fall for it.
Reddit shills iota.
That's how I know they're all retarded.
r/Bitcoin is cancer also
B-but i was undercover you b-basterds.
I was ghosting reddit.
Are you fuckers going to betray me after i went undercover.
>getting hung up on what le reddit men saidnobody on this board gives half a fuck about reddit my guy
They actually do research, they are in slack and on telegram.
Many are in contact with developers and the teams.
They feel the pulse of the crypto market.
Biz will occasionally find something early, and it is great for finding the hyped coins and riding the profit waves if you are careful.
Why are you people too stupid to realize that this board is not NEET exclusive.
A lot of people read both boards.
i've been telling you fags to buy QTUM for 2 weeks since it was ~$10 Lmao.
Qtum was shilled here ages ago too.
Everybody that is not a newfag knows about Qtum and chose not to invest for reasons of their own.
You're on like the 3rd Qtum moon mission.
Congrats, but it's nothing special.
You missed the big gains anyway.
reddit really loves BCH
whatever, there will always be faggot double agents
Also>referring to a coin as weYou're going to get burned hard if you think like that, newfriend.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
LOL I am a double agent because I read another forum.
Your problem is that you read nothing other than biz.
You might actually make some real money if you weren't here defending this board against perceived double agents.
This is beyond ridiculous, but you can't even comprehend that.
thats exactly what a double agent which was caught would say
LMAO!
I don't post on reddit.
I read there.
I post here because I don't have to register.
You are an idiot for not even having a clue how utterly comical and bizarre your thought process is.
I know a redditor when I see one and this man is a redditor.
I read reddit, I post on 4chan, AND I am not a man!
Good luck getting me to leave.
Now go cry in the corner.
The majority of "our picks" are people who have joined discord groups trying to manipulate us into buying their pnd scheme coins.
/biz/ died like 6 months ago and now it's just a race to the bottom.
Reddit is better than /biz/ at evaluating cryptocurrency.
hellopost boob pls
No need to.
I am wealthy from crypto investments.
I read everything from everywhere to make decisions about where to invest, including here to ride the shill waves.
GoodIs say hopefully it will stop them from coming here, but yet here you are OP.