Im not gonna tell you twice
It's an interesting concept, but according to their video, why should you be rewarded monetarily for sharing files on a P2P system?
Isn't that the whole purpose of the protocol?
You get "rewarded" in the sense that everyone keeps always seeding.Thanks anon, I'm going to keep an eye on this, but I see it being targeted and fudded in the future since it pretty much encourages piracy as I see private trackers even adopting it and making money out of it (which will attract even more attention)
where i can buy this anon?
Why should you be rewarded monetarily for sharing files on a P2P system?Ask any serious seeder how they would feel about being compensated for their diligent seed ratios throughout the years.The market and idea is solid as hell, and a massive chunk of the coin supply is getting burned soon, which will only help it moon in the short term if you're in it for just a quick buck.
https://etherdelta.com/#0xea097a2b1db00627b2fa17460ad260c016016977-ETH
need to use etherdelta, put the contract address in the url instead of the token name like so: 0xea097a2b1db00627b2fa17460ad260c016016977-ETH
But those are seeders in special trackers where you are in fact being rewarded by getting more files, having special access to some files, etc.
Your reward is your rank/status in those trackers, not necessarily financial.I mean, no one really cares if you are sharing your family photos, and most legal P2P distributed files are stuff like linux distros and some art projects, I don't really see any applications outside of pirated content (which I don't have any problems with, just think this approach is way to obvious).
But you usually have to pay for those private trackers no?
What if instead of private tracker management delegating special access based on seed ratios, etc.
what if it was instead a simple market scheme where seeders and leechers are paired up based on a UFR/byte rate.If I have a copy of something highly coveted, like an old hard to find movie in original HD format in English, I can offer it up for an amplified rate
Well the elite ones are really hard to get in, and usually you need to get invited and offer some kind of valuable addition to them, but most of the good ones will serve most people's desires and you can usually get in by showing a good ratio on other trackers or in some kind of recruitment event.
Paid invites are typically shunned by most private trackers and will get you in trouble most of the time.Yeah that makes more sense, and I can see this being more marketed in the future as P2P "cloud" storing if something goes wrong.
Probably gonna throw a penny at it.