VTC mooning mission, just broke resistance and interview coming right up and they will be wearing spacesuits by rumors.
It's going to do.What Antshares/Neo did.Just.
Watch.
Unironically this is one solid coin with commited dev team.
$10 by Dec
I recall it has no USD markets so it's especially pointless to evaluate in fiat.
E.g right now it's risen to $4, but the sat price is falling, in this case it would've been pointless to hold VTC when holding in BTC nets more profit.
wut
I never understood this reliance on sats.
You have to transfer to BTC/LTC for fiat withdrawal right?
So sats don’t matter at all.
If I have 100 VTC and it’s rated at $4 USD, but Bitcoin is rising in price so the days are lower, and I wanted to withdraw...>You just convert your VTC to BTC and withdraw in fiatExplain to me where the loss happens due to low sats...
btc/eth is your buying power in crypto so when you lose btc in trading you basically lose buying power even if you win usd
why has the volume on this shitcoin suddenly spike this month?
shitcoin...Go back to your commie hell hole reddit Bernbros
But if VTC price is linked to BTC price which is linked to USD, all you have to do is not be slow AF when withdrawing to fiat and you are at no loss
what if u wanna keep trading and not withdraw right away to fiat.
then you lose.
obv if you're in to withdraw as soon as you make 20% well indeed as long as usd goes up you're golden
hello fellow pajeetsSo my idea is to *** Vertcoin everyone... i mean EVERYWHERE.
If you got jailed and they ask your name just say my name is Vertcoin.
They have to look for it at google.com (ts a search engine) hmm wtf is that maybe, just maybe that guy was insane or was he?Another scenario you got a date and she/he asks your name just say Vertcoin, She/He is just like WTF is this Vertcoin i need to look deeper.
Next day you fall in love but they dont....You are late from work, Your Boss call you (you will never call you boss, because you know who is the real boss here) , yo, anon whrre the fak are yo, Im like yo "boss" im not anon im Vertcoin.
Okay I do get that’s it’s not a good thing for trading.
But in terms of cashing out, it’s no big deal
saw this.
how fkn retarded...