It's a bull trap.
I'm 99% sure that Bitcoin is heading to sub 6k prices
Oldfagbiztardhere.
Yeah.
Kinda mentioned that yesterday, but everyone flung poo at me.
you say that but its going back up senpai
On the way back to 7k now
Yeah I think so, we literally ran out of fuel
It'll bottom out at around 4.9k then we'll continue the rally to 10k
That's what he means by bull trap anon.
4284962Yes, it's going up right now.
Then suddenly it will dump.
This is what a bull trap is.
I'm not selling my stack, but right now is a horrible time to buy in case somebody was wondering..
Nah.
Everyone's waiting for the dip.
Buy pressure is too high.
We'll run for 10k
Are you basing that on anything or are you just making shit up like most people do when they try to make economics "predictions"?
Nah its a dead bear trap bounce cat in a psychedelic jumper
if you think the dumping is done I've got some bch I'd love to sell ya
Wait till the btc stuck in mempool arrive exchanges.
Shits gonna be apocalyptic
Wrong.
More money to be made elsewhere now that the fork is suspended and btc hype is dying down.
BCH and than another alt will get the spotlight next and the cycle will repeat until something positive happens to btc again.
all the ziggyzaggy aside, bitcoin will go up to 100k by next year right?
my friend sent me a math graph which said it would.
Literally nothing apart from the short squeeze could move it north of 7500.
Now the dumps have large volume while recovery has relatively low volume.
There's nothing to expect for a while.
Whoever is dumping is going to dump more soon..
Literally nothing
Bitcoin "Classic" is nothing but a boomer shitcoin.
an attempt by the powers that cuck to take over the crypto market.
bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin.
4285132Nobody gives a shit about your chink coin.
Wall Street and normies want BTC, not BCH.
Just how retarded are you to not see that?
bull trap brah
sees only the present he does>anticipate the future he cannot
meme buzzword brah
They don't decide what happens in crypto town.
Stop trying to implement that
They decide now.
You are wrong.
Just watch.
holy shit that dump KEK
they can pump n dump loads nigga.
crash it down with no survivors
Where do I keep my coins?
In the exchange isn't a good idea right?
Is it worth $150 for a hardware wallet?
Jihan Wu and Roger Ver are promotors of this shitcoin, so no credible investor will touch it.biz thinks it will replace bitcoin overnight lol
if we're all lucky it might go to 40k next year but I doubt itbut who knows with this shit, for all we know it could just as well reach 200k or 0 by this time next year
Yes you retarded fuck
thinking bitcoin WANTS investors.
you're a fucking idiot.
greedy investors are what plague the currency.
You're about to get FUCKED
What if I have weirdo alt coins?
Do hardware wallets support those?
when are you going to start posting purple wojaks?
at 6k?
only here for that shit
welp.. too late.. i just traded all my btc for bcc.. how keked am i?
TETHERS SAVE ME DADDY
Holy shit I'll send you my Ledger for $150 right now.
Hm No no noNo no noBitcooneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeect
missed the jokeIn that case, I also own a couple bridges in san francisco
Then why the fuck are you INVESTING in bch?
Just exchange the amount before your txn why don't you
Bitcoin will come to its end in 2018.
Mark my words.
Its a shitcoin but it was first, thats why it has value.
Thanks to satoshi his tech alts will go mainstream in 2018.
Banks, marketplaces etc are the place to invest in with crypto.Im gonna call it here.
We saw the absolute top of bitcoin as people will slowly realize its a shitcoin and some altcoins are truly revolutionizing real life.
Like which ones exactly?
Big if Huge
Not gonna shill here, but its coins that are disruptive and will be used by normies.
Mainstream is where you need to look at when researching.
Bitcoin will always have some worth because we see it as the king, but it really isn't useable in real life.
yeah thanks
BAT, ARK, SIA, SYS, XRP, XLM, FCT, WTC, MOD to name a few
What does it mean if you have a little ball on a candlestick?
neither is gold or silver
Here we go again boys.
Hang on to your butts.
What is the ATL?
Bitcoin Core/Legacy/1x/whatever has no real value proposition anymore other than its network effect.And all the network effect does is buy something it time.
Better things that offer more value eventually catch up.XMR and to a lesser extent BCH are simply better and more functional technologies.We all know Lightning a shit, we all know Segwit a shit.
It will take time, but Bitcoin Core's network effect alone will not be able to save it.
Who buying this dip?
Who balls of absolute steel?
its called retard moneyaka "muh coin/company/invention is invincible because it's first"The first to a new sector or piece of tech ALWAYS dies.
Every single time.
doesnt mention WAVESanon I...
myspace Can u name any others?
X.25
What is X.25 ?
You think this is the bottom?
It hasn't even started yet.
Smart money starts buying below 6k
Smart money is moving to BCH bud
k
Exactlyhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.25
:thinking:But as tradition goes /biz/ is going to buy high and sell low.
Smart money is at BCH since last week.
However, below 6k we start nearing the floor and repurchase some BTC
FUCKING SELL ITS GOING TO 1000
AHHHH IT JUST KEEPS CLIFF DIVING
k by Monday.Screencap this.
I'm sorry guys.
You're going to have to get a job.
No coins here.
Is this a good time to get into bitcoin?
Old fag biz tards are as retarded as they get.
if by bitcoin you mean bch then yes
4285500What the fuck is the point of a hardware wallet?
How is it any different than just storing your keys on a flashdrive?
I guess I'm smart money then, I bought and held BCH since $200 just after the fork.Been buying ever since.
BCH is rising steadily, certainly not a pump dump.
Just wait till a company like coinbase announces support for BCH, they can't ignore a $15B coin much longer.
Monero needs to reduce fees.
st of December
In a few days we will see the bottom of this dip.
Then is a good time to buy.
Wait at least over the weekend but have your money ready at an exchange.
Betamax
HURRY UP COINBASE, HUURRRRRRRYYYY UUUUPPPPPPPPPP
BTC.
It died today.AYYYYY
Below 6.5k already
Im calling a nice mental barrier of support and resistance at around the $5,000 level.
All the price action that occurred once is broke through $5,000 was beyond ridiculous and just straight up fucking retarded.
It was only temporary due to this hardfork bullshit.