Literally panicing right now, I'm all in BTC, what do I do?
Go teather, alts or stay where I am?
Need help please
follow your heart
open it too, it's gonna be alright
my heart is telling me to go alt coins or teather since btc is dropping...
You know what to do.
NEO, BALLS DEEP
ark, monero, ardor are great pics now
is it though, or is your that just your brain screaming so loud you can't hear your heart.What do you truly believe friendo?
Should've bought Monero.
I'm up like 40% the last 3 days
Board the ARK to survive the flood
y-yes, please tell me what to do
Anon, the choice is either BTC, or BCH.
Nothing else right now.Choose wisely.
kill yourself.
BTC is down 15% and you're whining like a bitch.Lose 80% on LINK in three days and tell me what pain feels like
being this shilled.
i hope you hodl harder than ever in your life.well I put $370 usd into BCH as a meme tonight around 1, and now i'm sitting at a solid $400+, but it's pumping and about to drop.
I think you should just hold, that's what I'd do.
try and distract yourself from all of it and just ignore the charts for a week.
I mean you're already this fucked, why not die with your honor or return a king?
Going in alts or ethereum is like voting libertarian or green.
Bitcoin cash
BCC will take over BTC.
IMO you have a few options.
Either BCH, LINK, or CFD
why didnt you go all in on bitcoin cash the moment the 2x fork was cancelled?
The 7500 pump was ONLY because people wanted another fork free money, and it even made BCC look like the better coin because BTC has now NO scalability roadmap at all.Did you seriously listen to the biz btc shills?
Call it LN futures they hate that
How would I know, I was busy taking profits on req mod neo and ark.
Now I sold it all and in BTC...
plus this thing has happened before, just ctfo, and reasure yourself how rich you'll be because all of /biz/ jumped off the ship at the slightest sign of a leak.
Think of the lambo.
You are retarded for at least two reasons:1) No, it won't.2) It's BCH, not BCC.
linkie idiortaeth is the king
some trading sites like binance use bcc for Bitcoin Cash.
It is bch for all intents and purposes, but he knows it as bcc so I guess he's kinda not wrong.
BTC = BitcoinBCC = Bit connectBCH = Bitcoin China
btc bubble has poppedget the fuck out
Where are BTC mINERS, no transact going thru
Thanks anon, I've never bought that chinkcoin so wouldn't have known otherwise.
How's your portfolio holding up?
BCC if you've got a big dick.ETH if you want to be safe.Don't trust tethers.
BCC used to be bitcoin cash before bitconnect frauds disgraced the ticker.
ETH pumped up though...I just bought some NEO though on its dip.
Whats wrong with tether
*BCHWho the fuck uses BCC for Bitcoin Cash
Tether is a timebomb
There is a strong resistance around 6100$.
Comfy until that point
Bittrex and Binance
I never said I had any.
but yeaj.
about 17% increase over the last 24 hours.
sell and go full bch or stay poor
Stay in BTC.
I didn't say you had any either.
Was just asking in general.
Glad you're in the green anyway, good luck to you homie
BCH will be even higher in a week or so, what happens in between is a mysteryETH is a sure bet, every TA person agrees and the current market sentiment is now ready to pick up ETH within the BCH/BTC messhttps://www.tradingview.com/symbols/ETHUSD/
this, BCH isnt going to overtake BTC but these waves are nice to ride, buy at 2000k sats, sell at 2150k sats, repeat.
it's 7 am and I haven't slept, I instinctively thought you were attacking me, forgive me friend.
May greens forever be in your portfolio.