> tfw you buy an escorts with your massive crypto gains but you cant cum cause you have been deathgrip fapping for 23 yearsshe literally had a 10/10 body, please kill me /biz/
dont jerk off your 5 inch pee pee for a few days retard
That's cuz you're attracted to men you cuck
Maybe you're gay?
Stop crying you faggot you were just nervous, and fucking with a rubber is basicly worse than strokin it.
Facefuck her.
If you can't cum from that you gay.
I AM THE BEAST I WORSHIP
didn't skimp either, wanted my first time to be great so i paid 1000 euro
when you realise that you were defective all along and no amount of self-improvement or gains can fix youwelcome to Hell 2: the lost levels
This shit is good, problem is not every hooker does it.
Also stop watching porn and wanking let the fire come back and u will cum in 5min xD
I've been there boy my dick got flacid after a while i got sleepy just wanted to go home and play vidya sex is overrated
basically what happend, i don't understand, i am rich now why isn't life great
because pussy is trite and dwarf fortress is superiorthe only cool part is the moneyshot
4527407You didn't listen to that anon telling you to do your kegels.
what's kegels?
if you look in the mirror and say kegels three times you'll find out
how much crypto gains are we talking about
Lmfao, my sides.
A fucking 1000$?
Ahahaha, next time give that money to me so it's not wasted on a mouth breathing drooling retard like yourself.
Tell me if I should buy an Xbox One X or a PS4 Pro
btw u need to jelq and kegel.
research it and thank me later
I'd rather get my money worth and take 30 mins - 1 hour to cum than cumming in 5 mins.
Wtf are you talking about OP
An exercise where you strengthen your pelvic floor and it helps maintain erections and have control over your orgasms.
/r9k/
You are a wild animal designed by nature or godTo fall in loveIt isn't the fapping anon(which you should stop for motivational reasons)You just arn't an inbred degenerate kike.http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-5110647/First-evidence-human-love-related-reproductive-success.htmlFind a real girl anonbuild a familymake babiesIt is what you are designed for.
high 7 figures, lucked out because i am self-taught programmer and got super into bitcoin and then ethereum, even wrote my own coin (one with a blockchain not just a shitty token) and everything
that feel
Get a wii u , zelda n smash bros is pretty fun
kek
Lmfao
 first time> an escortare we in middle ages anon?
I had the same issue bro, get a fleshlight for practice.
Also just go get a handjob from the korean girls until your used to strangers playing with your dick
I fap against the floor.
If I use my hand I can't make it work.
I'm fucked?
4527257>try anal
Some of us are socially inept, not knocking OP as I am as well.
First off stop jacking off on a daily basis and your dick will start getting sensitive again.Second tip:If you are in that situation then have her get on her knees and lick your balls until you jack off into her mouth.
That feel even with great gains I still don't want to spend any of it.
I just want to horde.
No whores will take my crypto rrreeee.
can we trade places?
I literally cum in 2 strokes.
Dumbass.
You do realize you have your pick of the litter for 50 euros at an FKK?
DailymailYou fucking polacks I swear.
Be a hedonist if you wish OP, unless of course this atavistic cookie cutter bullshit is your thing, just don't throw your money again so irresponsibly.
Congrats on the success.
>get girlfriend>she is 8/10 body, 5/10 face>beautiful innie pussy>she is loose as fuck, i mean sausage down a hallway loose>break up because not enjoying sex is literally making me hate her>get new gf>meh body, meh face>stick it in>tight, wet and hot pussy>be together for 3 years, getting married next july
Do hoes generally charge extra for kinky shit like buttsex or threesomes?Do they make you use rubbers?
good choice, loose women are more likely to divorce you too.