>use the log scale dumbass>it looks fine in the log scale, retard>log scaleWhat the actual fuck is this meme?
Why is it that every time someone tries to point out the oddness of the BTC-USD chart there's always some low iq faggot ready to spout this bullshit, when he clearly does not know what to make of it?Have any of you retards ever actually used a log chart before?
I'll bet my ass most of you uneducated NEETs haven't, because any who have know it is absolutely alarming to see an investsment grow in that chart.
I'll explain to you brainlet highschool dropouts what that means.
You get logarithmic gains, you get logarithmic corrections, niggers.>This is a picture of the dotcom crash in log scale
oh gee like crashing 40% every time it highs 50% above the previous level
there will be a major crash because of this tether bs.
only question is when
>Dow 1929 crash
4488226
I like how you left out the most recent years.
who cares nigger, we're here to get rich and noone here is rich yet so no shit we're still in the market
being this dumb>comparing apples to oranges
4488226>bitcoin log chart right now
The only ones who care about that crash are the ones who bought in the last few years.
People tho bought in 1975 were still filthy rich.
I think you're the one who needs to learn how to read this.Bitcoin has retraced hard throughout its run and it's not a company stock.
Keep coping.
Wtf are you on about?
Viewing a chart in log scale just allows you to view the price movements on a percentage basis
2k to 7k from 1995 to 1997k back to 2k from 1997 to 2000>dude lmao its alright it only took 15 years to get back to 5k take a chill pillYou asinine motherfucker
OP, log scales are just a way of formatting dataThey don't portend anything
4488352Then why does every other poster thinks it is a counterargument to a crash?4487550
So if BTC is exactly like this as you claim then we still have 15 years of gains, thanks for the heads up OP
not understanding that cryptos would recover much faster
OP is clearly the moron who posted a retarded linear graph of BTC price a while ago and is bitter because he got called out for his blatant dishonesty in refusing to use a log scale one.
Now he's trying to redeem himself and failing dreadfully.
>ITT>OP thinks that thislooks like these4488199
>exponential growth cannot physically be maintained>linear line on log scale indicates exponential growth>btc growth is exponential even on a log scale>everythingisokayguys.jpgle /biz/ fais
this