I'm delusion anonsI just got fired from first job, I'm going to uni next yearI have 25 USD in CVC and BAT and I have spent all day on /biz/ waiting for some thread that will tell me what the next btc will beI know it's dumb but I want to by a coin cheap .15 per coinand have it go to 10000$ so I can make it for peanuts.I'm worst then a pajeet.
LINK will be $50,000 by 2020 so there's that
Wasn't Link what everyone is pink wojaking over?
LINK.
If you want to play it safe, take out the max amount of student loan that you can and go all in on Vertcoin.
Take your fucking "give me advice" threads to /b/ or reddit and GET THE FUCK OFF MY BOARD
BlockMason, do your research
I'm aussie, we don't get loans to go to uni we get debts that we don't have to pay unless we earn a certain amount
Only newfags, redditors and pajeets are wojacking over LINK
Yeah because they didn't do their reading and realise that the project has a long way to go.
Nonetheless, they're the first mover in an important niche, so eventually it'll be worth something.
Nowhere near 50k though.
Maybe 50 dollars in 5 years, but that's still an excellent 300x.
I wouldn't recommend buying it until it looks like they're close to releasing an actual product tho.
Legacy anon you always give it to me straight.How the fuck do I make it?
I've only been living by myself for ten days :')
0.15 per coinPrice per coin doesn't matter at all.For example, you own the same amount if you own 5 coins that cost 1.5 per coin with the total existing coins being 100 000 or 50 coins that cost 0.15 per coin with the total existing coins being 1 000 000.
It's literally the same.
It's 100% the same.
What the fucking fuck is the point of a BUSINESS AND FINANCE board if all everyone says is "heh x because go find out for yourself"Either contribute to aggregating information to this board or help cull the newfags.Step 1: www.reddit.com/r/undependabledipshits and ask them for advice.I hear /r/finance is just as useful.Step 2:Stop fucking posting on this /biz/ until you've lurked more.
Either be useful or shut the fuck up.
Thanks for giving it to me straight master.
Looking for a cheap coin to invest, before the price reaches the moon?!.
I advice to invest in TIO Here's the link: 
As a rule of thumb, if you have less than $10k, the best way to make money is to get a job.
All jobs in my area require previous experienceIt's hard to find work right out of highschool.
Oh you're a lazy faggot who would rather make excuses.
You should've told you.Can't help you buddy.
You're gonna die poor.
I have less than 10k.
Actually started with $1500 and made it into 3k in the last month of crypto tradingI never get greedy and always cut my profits
saved
coss
I won't denie that I'm lazy.
I went though my entire final exams without studying.
I have the qualifications to work in a pub or a club, I just need to update my resume...I just want to get alot of money so I can spend all day reading books.
I just want to get alot of money so I can spend all day reading books.Get a job, save 40% of your income in a split of 10% savings, 80% stocks, 10% crypto.
Retire early.You're gonna be here forever waiting to get rich off your $25.
Don't be an idiot.
Psst
Where do I learn how to invest in stocks?
REQ is 30 million market cap.
It's at around 5cents.>Ycombinator backing.
>Real company with actual trustpilot score in previous company moneytis.>big news coming this Friday announced in slack
Are you masculine?
Hairy?Young but legal, masculine guys do well on the camwhore scene.
You don't have to be gay, it's solo.
You can refuse buttstuff.t.
guy who spends way too much on masculine dudes stroking their dicks
I'm good friend, I would rather go pick fruit in the boonies.What does market cap mean?does it mean that if the volume goes past the cap the coin will start to deflate?
Why don't you learn how to suck cocks.
I know it's dumb but I want to by a coin cheap .15 per coin>and have it go to 10000$ so I can make it for peanuts.Do you understand that for BAT to goto $10,000 the market cap would have to be 1.3e+13.LMAO the BAT supply is 1.3 billion tokens and issuance will continue.
You are insane.
Why can't you just take five minutes and do some fucking FA?
Your right :'c
So inorder for me to make it for a little amount of money, I need to find a super cheap coin that has a low market cap and low supply of tokens?geh this stuff is hard :o
Just buy BTC, VTC, or LTC.
Weird but ok. Gonna assume you're uggo, don't know masks exist, or gay/not confident.
Sucks.Anyway, market cap means market capitalization.
It is the number of coins times their current value, more or less.
A coin that is worth only one penny, for example, could have a market cap of $1 trillion if there are 100 trillion coins.
When looking for coins with lots of room for growth, don't just look at it's current value per coin - market cap is actually much more relevant.
Buy LBC and BAY.They're both going to do massive pumps soon
Weird but ok. Gonna assume you're uggo, don't know masks exist, or gay/not confident.
Sucks.>Anyway, market cap means market capitalization.
It is the number of coins times their current value, more or less.
A coin that is worth only one penny, for example, could have a market cap of $1 trillion if there are 100 trillion coins.
When looking for coins with lots of room for growth, don't just look at it's current value per coin - market cap is actually much more relevant.Thanks for the info!
You're welcome.If you want to earn $15 per fap in LTC and you have some semblance of body hair, let me know.
Think it over.
Dick size doesn't matter, nor does body type unless you're obese.Best of luck to you regardless.
You piece of shit, I'm giving you a solid, honest-to-goodness advice here.
These girls aren’t asian.
Just buy index funds.
I'm sorry I'll start practicing now...Where do I learn what index funds are?
You Google "what is an index fund" and click the first link.
does this all really seem funny to you guys?
Does what seem funny?