VITALIKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
is he still going ?some one take this man off twitter
Whats the replied message say?
Keep going Vitalik, maybe post some pedo pics too so Ethereum can finally go to $1000.
This slavnigger is worse than Trump on twitter
The absolute madmanHow far is he gonna take this
Why are all faggots also pedos?Is /pol/ always right?
Every pedo post increases eth value by 5 dollars
sauce pls
Pictures of kids increase it by $20 a piece.
Each video of Vitalik having some kids action moons Ethereum by $100.
I've got half a bitcoin in ETH, but fuck it, this is awesome!
Every time this fucking retarded autist says something I laugh!
"MUH COMMUNISM!
MUH NEVER TRUMP!
MUH KIDDY PORN!
ETH SHOULD BE $15!
"It's all fucking gold!
This is a sperg who only wanted to do one thing in life, and then he did it successfully, and has no idea where to go now!
He's like Chris chan if Chris chan got a happy ending!
I only wish Vitalik would stop arguing because people will spin it into some reason to dislike him, even though Vitalik is always correct with his statements.
To The Goddamn Moon!!!
Chainlink partners with Swift = Dumps to 10 centsVitalik goes full pedobear = Eth moonsCrypto logic
it's time to stop vitalik
VITALIK GATEITS REAL
pedos are now buying tons of eth
smutcontracts.com

wait what?can someone give me a run down?
The saddest truth is that they are.
Vitalik opens up about being a pedo>ETH price starts increasing with no looking backgod dammit

>are your kids willing?somebody stop this pedo
hmmhttps://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/930294485614977024
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these: /pol/ was right again
The saddest truthwhy do you say it is sad?
This will be known as NAMBLA blockchain.
Instead of tokens it gives you .jpegs
ETH is pedocoin>Instantly moons
HANG YOURSELFS

what does that mean?
What is the context?
I'm going to need a quick rundown.
truth hurts
If you're under 13, Vitalik would be happy to give you a quick rundown.
PLZZ STOPPPPP
heavily underrated
Most of the people who post loli and pedo shit are on /pol/ you stupid faggot
GOD DAMN VITAMIN BREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE