What are some comfy alts I should buy?
Tether
Only knc and Bancor.
Those are the only ones that survive btc rape.Oh and tether.
GVT
Is Vertcoin worth getting or is it dead?
BLK
Without a shadow of a doubt, Substratum.Substratum will have quite a few components.
The main one is decentralized web-hosting, which means instead of mining for the coin, you're letting people use your computer as a website host by using a one-click app that you can download to your phone/desktop/notebook.>Why is this big?
It means it will be impossible for your site to be taken down by anyone (bye bye DMCAs).
It means it will be impossible for your site to be censored by China, Iran or any other shithole.
It means that if you build an app using the Substratum network it won't be able to be banned by countries like Brazil did with WhatsApp a few times.
It also means net neutrality will NOT be a problem for sites hosted on the SUB Network.>How does this bring value to the SUB coin?People who lend their computers as webhosts will be paid in SUB and people who want to have their content hosted on the network must pay in SUB.
The Substratum website will also have an option to buy SUB for you from exchanges automatically (so normies don't have to go to exchanges), which will drive volume for the token up because normies will be buying SUB without even knowing what crypto is.>That's all?No, there's also a second component called CryptoPay, which will allow ANY site that runs on the Substratum Network to process cryptocurrency transactions using any publicly-traded coin.>Why is this huge?Basically PayPal for crypto where you can use any cryptocurrency.
Also easy to implement for people who want to use it.>That's all?No, they're also planning a video component, something akin to YouTube but not much details on that yet.>Wew.
That seems pretty ambitious.
Can they handle it?Yes.
Team is very experienced, with vets that have worked with Apple, American Express, Kodak, Disney, hp, Cardinal Health, NBA and more.>Why hasn't it mooned yet?Beta starts in December.
v1 is out in January.
Looks cool, probably gonna buy some now.
good on ya bro.
should rise to the moon next month, even to pluto in january.i got in @ 4.3 cents average, so its an extra comfy hold for me
Lisk, VertCoin, PowerLedger, Ark, Litecoin
>literally asking to be shilled to
I'll gift you anons with some knowledge since I am finished accumulating for the month and I'm ready to ride out some gains.
The key in this alt bear market is small cap/micro caps....CFD market cap was $5M last I checked which is an absolute steal for that project (despite it rocketing up last week).
I'm in a group that has been accumulating/buying since it hit ED and most people have sell targets in the 20-29M market cap range.. this will 2-3x easy in the short term, even in a bear market.
Most of the flippers/non-believers have been shaken out during its last bull run (it just got listed on 4 exchanges, which is what everyone was waiting for to dump their ICO bags).
I'm holding mid-long term... this is a solid idea for a project and I really believe in Joost..
I predict 30-50M market cap by mid 2018 and maybe higher in the long term.PRIX is another absolute steal IMO and a bunch of people in my group have been quietly accumulating since hitting ED.
The idea is absolutely necessary and inevitable IMO and the team has made it clear they are serious about going all the way with the project.
They raised 2.5M for their sale last week and it's currently trading below presale price (which is pretty disappointing for me since I bought a bunch at ICO) but I honestly think it will rocket up.
Marketcap is literally less than 1M right now and the team is trying to do the same thing that Orchid will be doing next year.
Orchid has TONS of institutional investors and they want to raise 200M for their project.
Even if PRIX made it to 10% of Orchids hardcap that would be 20x at current prices.
Once this coin hits an exchange it will go 2-3x easy.
BLOCKCAT
You only trust something when you DYOR.
Otherwise you'll just become one of pic related..
Altcom is already trading extremely high for it being a new coin.
My mining income is awesome
ETP.Send it to your wallet and freeze it for 90/180 days.
MOD.
Thank me later.
GRS will be worth 5$ in a couple of months.
IOTA
XST
Confido (CFD).
comfiest of the comfy alts.
still low price (will moon to a couple $$$ for sure by Q1 2018).
still not on any major exchange (Binance within 2-3 weeks tops).
super low mcap, actual usecase, prototype soon, cool devs who aren't greedy cucksyou just won't find a comfier alt.
not now, not ever
PRIX is another absolute steal IMOisn't this just another VPN coin?
there's already Mysterium.
am i missing something, or is there a reason why PRIX is/could be better (or different) than Myst?shill me this coin, pls
monero for sure
Monero, the comfiest of all altcoins
4451120Is Monero due for a pump?
I'm a veteran trader.
Pay attention to the following coins if what you want is profit.
KuCoin, BNB, PWR, TIO.. All those coins originating from Asia are definitely going to moon
It tends to pump when BTC crashes, but aside from that it's an excellent store of value, a best-in-class privacy coin, and one of the best dev teams in the cryptosphere
Loopring as it has a low marketcap and will be partnering with NEO soon.
xmr.
but btc is the only true comfy hold for the next half year or so
LRC at 4¢
If you want to invest money in crypto, then Monero is really the only coin to confidently say you will guarantee profit and not lose any investment.It has current real world usage, its not a coin like the others that say:>When the *enternextbestcryptotrendhere* feature comes online>When the *enterrandomtop10businesshere* integrate it into their company>When we get onto *enterbigexchangesitehere*It does what it says on the tinIt does it wellAnd it forever improvesXMR
any
watch ARK for the next few hours.
3 USD is a good price to buy beneath, im looking for 2.75 tonight
bcptnulslink
xmr and btc are comfy to buy on dips always
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH
LRC is a great hold for a week or two
LTCPLRPPP
Blocknet is the comfiest possible coin to hold and stake.
J O O S T E D
QRL
BLOCKCAT
ELTCOIN
RAIDEN, product released for end of this month
NEM
FunFair
XRP will trend up (in USD value) pretty reliably for the next year.+1.
Public catapult launch and more ICO's on the platform should see a 30% gain at least in Jan 2018.
JOOST VAN YOUR DOORN UP SENPAIHoly shit, you got fucking destroyed.
Where is this pic from?