Currently pumping.When should I sell?
I was thinking to sell half at 50 cents, I have about 130k req.
I don't think I will touch it at all before it hits 50 cents.
This will only be a 300 million market cap, a quarter of OMG at its peak.Tell me why you currently aren't all in or at least 50% in on this coin?
fuckhuge sell wall at 1000 sats, don't think we're going much higher than this atm.
Deluded.
Because im waiting for a tiny dip to get in.
% discount faggots.
this shit aint even at ICO price yet.
Someone really hates 180k of REQ.That being said I think the coin is worth 2 dollars and that's a conservative estimate.
1000 sats is a steal.
Everyone should buy now.
a market cap higher than a billion?
not a chance, especially in the current climate.
even OMG struggled to reach it, during a bull market, on bittrex, with their partnerships and skateboard hype campaign.
what about the burning.im guessing that wont happen until the system is being used?
REQ tokens are ERC20 tokens which are necessary to participate in the network, create advanced Requestsand reward various parties who will help build the request ecosystem.When using the network, the participants will need to pay a network fee in REQ which will be burned.Burning the tokens could potentially increase the demand on the remaining REQ tokens.
until that whale takes the wall off
I set a sell order at 1031 sat.
Fuck this, at least I want to get a 10% profit outta this trash who will only get some value at Q4 2019
Nothings mooning.
This market is complete shit anymore, too many fucking normies and big time investors that will crash a coin thats about to 4x for 10% profit.I already cashed out my initial investment.
I'm out, I split my money between Link, Req, and ETH and am treating it like the money is gone.
If I come back next summer and I'm rich next summer I'm gonna binge all summer on strippers and coke.
>When should I sell?
I was thinking to sell half at 50 cents, are you asking us to predict the top?
lolseeing as how req is the ONLY payments protocol thats currently trying to do eth/bth/fiattheres no reason to sell at any price unless you see a better investment opportunity at that given time
it will not reach 1031, look at the order book.
i sold half my stack at 900, tiny bit of profit, but it's obviously not going to break 1000, the only thing keeping the price up right now is that fake buy wall.
see you at 1032
Well I'm damn sure a BTC season is coming again.
That means alts bleeding and bleeding...4349642Sigh, I just want a 10%, fuck this market, fuck BTC
that one mil sell wall at 1029 is going to stay there m8...don't bet against market trends, i learned that the hard way.
ReQ will be a billion dollar coin
you seriously think a 10 BTC sell order is a "wall"....y'all are poorer than I thought