Roger Ver is going to drop his $150mil worth of Bitcoin for BCH within the next 2 hours.
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
10+ biz shill threads?
time to sell
Doubt it man they just pulled all the buy support at .2
NICE FREE MONEY
The support is at .18.
It will bounce quickly.
Too late senpai it's done
LMFAO 150 million is nothing.
Do you know how many bagholders they created yesterday?
There are billions of dollars looking to get out now
He did this last night...
I fucking hope so.
These last 2 weeks have honestly made me loose all my faith in crypto.
To see all the rumors and news yesterday from the flippening, only for it to turn into the biggest pump and dump I've ever seen followed by shady DDoSing of exchanges.
This shit is all a scam.
I didn't even get a chance to see BCH drop.
I still had green candles then I refreshed and it dropped over .10 sats.
Binance did not even give me a chance to sell.
I am beginning to fucking hate crypto's.
I think even if this pumps and I make my money back I am just gonna cash it all into fiat, or maybe put it all into Link and let it sit in a wallet for a year and forget about crypto for a while.
I hate all this scamming and pump and dumping.
I hate Bitcoin and all it's forking and drama, fucking over alts and everything else.
Whales fucking over everyone under them.
Fuck this.
He transferred to his wallet last night.
He hasn't dumped it just yet.
Why would he gamble so many BTC that hes been holding so long?
Is he king of pink wojacks?
You're not meant for this.
Just cash out at a loss and never look back.
Even normies aren't this stupid chasing moon missions and shit.
All you had to do was buy BTC and hold.
Because he's already richer than anyone on this filthy capitalist planet needs to be
awww so cute.
just sell now faggot.
it's going back to the shitter where it belongs
true... still it could help you out of wagecuckery.
i also hate this bullshit with forking, p&d etc.. still love the idea behind bitcoin and what it stands for (altought the last weeks showed that it is more a facade than anything else...)gl mate
AND I GOT OUTDONT BUY, DONT LET THESE POST GET INTO YOUR HEADS YOURE GONNA LOSE EVERYTHING, ITS A SCAMM
Fuck you and fuck BTC.
Buying and holding BTC has always done me harm.
I dunno if I just have bad luck but every time I do it either does nothing for months or dips and I lose my alt stack.Fuck that shitcoin BTC.
lol it blows my mind that their almost is a get rich quick scheme and its incredibly simple and still the majority of people fuck it up>buy bitcoin>hold for a year>up 800 percentOld folks pay kikes half a milliion dollar salaries to get their portfolios to return 15-20 lol
Currently .17Kek, bag holder desperation setting in
Dude just go long on ETH.
Its surefire slow gains
implying he will buy 150M ath
Really can't wait for BTC to go down even more, big opportunity to buy at low price.
BTC will be 100.000k+ in a few years already and always the pillar of crypto.