You ll still get justed even as a billionaire.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/films/2017/11/16/elon-musk-severe-emotional-pain-split-justice-league-star-amber/
Well yeah, it's Amber Heard.
>Elon Just
God this autistic genius is such a cuck.Don’t run to tabloids to cry about your shitty relationship and how you got dumped.
Wow.
The definition of a beta faggot.
Didn’t he get divorced by ex wife twice?I don’t even....
This is fucking hilarious.
Dude has a billion dollars and can't fucking meet people and has to cry about how he wants companionship.
Can someone please make a JUST version of this picture of him?
I wish I could divorce from Amber Heart.
That's what you get for dating an actress, you dumbass.4398874these.
dating an actressjust say no
Come on, man.
Break ups happen, but don't go crying to the tabloids.
Bitch anonymously on 4chan like any normal person.
that girl doesnt appear to be asiangetting JUST'd was a guarantee from the start
If you read Elon's Biography, you see that although he is a super genius, he is incredibly shallow when it comes to women.Only dates supermodels, fucks beautiful women and refuses to give them too much attention, as it cuts into his work time.
Pretty fucking alpha, excepts he complains that he can't find someone to be stable.I don't really blame him, he is Elon Musk, he can do whatever the fuck he wants.Another interesting fact is that although he is the smartest of the family, there are several geniuses in his family tree.Why we are not getting this mans sperm and studying it I don't know.
Don't worry.
Amber heard got a sample.
lol, fucking moron thinks he can get to mars, gets that fucking whore as a partner in life, if I was an investor in anything he's ever done this would be the biggest red flag ever
He really should stick to 18-21 yearolds.
They'll appreciate him and fawn over him.
He needs to tell them from the start though, that he will trade them in every semester.
This will foster competition and in the end secure a stable companion..
Which he should still dump at the beginning of the next fall semester.
Also make them sign NDA's and consent contracts as well as agree to 24/7 surveillance (video and audio) which can only be released or viewed at Elon's discretion.
messing around with white ladyboysJust stick to asian females and you'll be fine, dude.
Even in love /biz/ believes in pump and dump.
Of course, that's life
He is reportedly a fan of the sci-fi cartoon Rick and MortyOf course he's a genius.
You need an IQ of at least 300 to watch this show
She was a better gold digger than he was a rich sugar daddy.
Business acumen does help in relationships, but it does not make you an expert at feels and manipulation.Besides that, Musk is a huge autist and they have more problems than others with social stuff.
You people know nothing about being rich and "love" .
It's not easy.
You never know if the woman likes you or just the money.
I worry about this all the time when I consider my moon prospects
Who cares?
If I had his money I'd say my money IS me.
Also he's an INTJ, just like me, so I'm not sure why he's being such an emotional vagina about this.
Only dates supermodels, fucks beautiful women and refuses to give them too much attention, as it cuts into his work time.he's like trumphe'll end up with one woman when hes older and realizes his work cant be his life
INTJ
Only dates supermodels, fucks beautiful women>he's like trumpDoes not compute.
Have you seen Trump's previous wives?
found the linkie
I heard he was dating Jessica Hart now
it's because this is what he is and he can never escape from it even with makeup, remember physiognomy is real
Please.
Elon Just meme
Not necessarily.
If you're a beta faggot when you're poor, you'll be a beta faggot when you're rich.
lmao
manage multiple billion dollar companies simultaneously >no problem>finding a satisfactory partner in life>fucking impossible
getting photoshopped with the JUST hair on 4chan>priceless
+
This is why you should eitherA) Have a loyal girl who stays with you and loves you while you're poor, before you have moneyOrB) Pretend to be broke and never let on to your wealth while dating, for a minimum of 2 years.
If she's still with you after that then she loves you.
he's had nothing but problems though where are the model 3's?
?