Who makes money doing blue collar work here?
Feels good crypto blue collar master race
Carpentry apprentice here.
Hoping to have made it in a couple years time so I can do the stuff that actually matters in life
Is nursing considered blue collar?
I have no fucking idea what it falls under
Bro, carpentry skills are alpha as fuck.
Seriously, make a bitch a custom inlaid vanity and slay the pussy.
Plumber here, can’t wait to start own business and be rich as fuck... going to take payments in btc ;)
Tree surgeon/logger here using gains to buy more chainsaws and machines.
Boilermaker welder here based onsite in the pilbara doing 2 weeks on 1 week off for 150k AUD year.
It's not so bad Desu.Waiting for my shitcoins to moon so can throw it in.
Literally now... putting up a scissor gate on union sq.
in SF watching my alts bump.
Double time 65 hours so far since Monday.
My office
Lmao BTT personified.
Fucking lucky doing 2 on and 1 off too.
Utility Lineman, 185k last year, close to the same this, fn love it.
Newbie, normie, old guy.
Yeah cunt.
Get me out of this fifo shit show.
Boat builder/composites tech here.
I cum in your carbon and i don't give a fuck.
now thats a meme i haven't heard in a long time, a long time.
Tile anon.I'd say I average about $1,500 a week.
And put in about 35hrs a week.I used to love it, but the work is starting to hurt my neck.
Just hired a hispanic guy this week.
I hope he works out.On a side note, never work for Indian people.
The moment you get a call from them just say you are too busy.
I've worked for 10 of them and 7 were a problem.
I don't know what to make of me being here for 10 years.
I'm a Canadian plumber ama
Blue collar works sure beats office cuckoldery anyday.
Do Indians actually poo in the loo?
Electronic maintenance and QA here 50/50 I guess
Why do American blue collar workers work in Jeans lol?
Why not use real work pants with utility sockets and extra pockets?
Maybe if you want to look like an autistic faggot.
extra pocketsto hold all that change
Government toilet inspector here, I'm shooting for retirement in 5 years.
I've mined roughly $500 since summer and traded it into $3k, and if I can x10 each year for 5 years I'm fuggin set.
$37k salary pays the bills in the meantime.
Not me, but it's a good job for a wageslave.
Plumbers and welders can make good livings for their families doing societally-vital jobs.
I salute them.
I build parts for Tesla in an old GE building with the racks still mounted on the ceiling where the cars would move along.I pulled out of crypto because whales are fucking with BTC hard right now but I have a little less than half my money in stocks and the rest in savings but the savings will get spent on tires and a medical bill,I'm always working Overtime so money seems like a renewable resource, I get decent checks every week and I'm happy.
Former Alberta rig worker.
This job isn't what it once was.
I saved up enough money working on the rigs to essentially retire and start my own side business.
I'm 26