Then go and buy Oceanlab (OCL) on the Waves dex or tidex NOW!
OCL is still unknown, dirtcheap, has a low marketcap of under $2,5 million and is going to be $0.1 next week (double what it is now).
After it hits bittrex and binance (application is in process) OCL will go at least 10x.
Approval is incoming.
$1+ territory is the minimum but likely much higher.
Dont say i didnt warn you.
Screencap this!
Whatever you do today, buy $OCL.
Get in now or be sorry!https://oceanlab.euhttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/oceanlab/Pic related: its the kind of girl you get once you buy OC, senpai.
Pic related: its the kind of girl you get once you buy OC, senpai.Why do I want Gold diggers?
Or just buy the Confido dip
volume 0.56 btcyeah anon, uber rich i tell ya
comfy since ico
I just read you are rewarded for holding that heavy bags of that shitcoin.
Good luck
She's not a golddigger, she's just extremely attracted to men who have OCL.
This is the kind of coinfu you can have.I purposely chose a low moment to give people the chance to buy in.
OCL has been flying under the radar but is going to be listed on more exchanges soon.Next week well be on our way to the moon.This man knows whats up.
But its still early, anyone can easily 10x your money if you get in at this point.
100x is even possible.
What was the ICO price??
About $0.022c.
Its still dirtcheap.
I am holding a few thousand myself.
This is a big opportunity to make serious cash very soon, i cant emphasize just how undervalued it still is.
Literally flying under the radar until it gets picked up by big exchanges.
They also give weekly updates and its a very active project.Check https://mobile.twitter.com/oceanlab_eu
I have 30000 OCL.
Hope for a moon mission when it goes onto Brittex
Nice senpai.
It definitely will.
Mercury went x11 this past week after bittrex listing and Oceanlab is so much better and more active and crucial to Waves than MER ever could be.
People just dont know about it (yet).
I know, it's a glorious secret still
How to use this Waves exchange?
I have just learned ED, jesus..
Create an account, transfer waves to it.
Got to the decentralized exchange, place an order to buy OCL.
Waves/OCL trading.
You will have to key it in the boxes that are shown.
It's actually easy.
Set your amount that you want to buy and price that you want to buy it at.
Its about 0.00990000 waves price per OCL coin ( on Crypto market cap).
Someone will buy it eventually.
You have to wait for someone to buy it
Spare some change?
waves://3PAYEoDiVTQvAW7wuidttVM5obLcfjhNKsx
why would i buy it?
what does it do and what is it for?
placed an ocl buy order like an hour ago but it ain't selling :(
want to get rich (promises)check>posting a woman to shill your bullshitcheck>going a step further to promise you will in fact get laid if you buy this new amazing flaming garbage firecheckFuck off, Pajeet.
I'm so tired of this meta shilling, /biz/ mods need to start gasing these faggots.
no matter how large your gains are, you'll never win her heart
use said money to train yourself to be a better human being for her.fucking learn in life