HOLY shit, i cant belive i was buying into the biz FUD around this.
took 10 minutes to read the whitepaper and now im all in.where are my nulmarines???
holding this tight till $30
Won't touch it until the end of Binance competition.
dont care bro, this will be so big not risking it mooning before i can get in
It's biz dude they'll wait till it's $5 end of year.
I'm in this moon mission since 9k
nuls will moon
feels good to finally be in on a moon mission before the moon
its comfy as fuck
Wasn't the whitepaper a fucking joke made by a teenager?
What did you like so much about it?
Blockchain solution of the Orient right here
If you missed antshares, buy Fukin nuls
serous question.
Why hasn't this crashed?
I mean this is one of the biggest scam coins in crypto
Bought early on, ignored the fud, to the moon lads
what bro?
the team is all men in their 30s with 8+ years of developing/banking experience.
project is going to be better than ETH in few years.
look at barrier of entry to program and build on ETH or NEO or some shit like that, this will remove that barrier entirely while being its own platfrm with many other features, revolutionary PoC, etc, only need 10k to masternode.
it's biz>they'll>theythis shill team is so fucking transparent
we sleep easy cus of the A+ dev team behind our project.
he is memeing there is nothing good aboutICE WATER STEAMthey said they were going to update their whitepaperto what?melted water, frozen water, and melted ice?
you forgot to buy the dip
ice water steam refer to the stages of FOMO.soon as ice hits u will start feeling the chills, "c-couldl this be a legit project??
did i miss out?"
once it heats up and we enter water phase "s-surely NULS will fall apart soon... there is no way this chink scam can moon!!!
"once NULS hits final phase of steam and has worldwide adoption theres no hope, u will FOMO but it will be too late.
the original nul bros will dump on u and u will hold our bags forever while we enjoy our lambos and 1000x gains, just know its not too late to get in
Nuls is nothing, nuls is everything