Why do people keep falling for this scam?
>Its the new bitcoinit's a powerful marketing technique, especially when everyone is so salty on missing out on being early on the real bitcoin and most faggots can barely afford a full bitcoin.But any real traders know it's only use is to increase your real BTC stack by riding the waves of dumb money
everything except bitcoin is scam
Nice bait, op
why do people keep falling for this scam?
Same reason everyone calls for Eth - king of shitcoins and all shitcoins below.They missed out on BTC and they want a second chance.
There are no second chances.
Buy now and hope the .5% daily increase takes you to lamboland.
CAUS THEY ARE FUCKING RETARDED AHAHAHHAHAHAHA BUYING INTO THIS PIECE OF SHIT INSTEAD OF A COIN WITH AN ACTUAL FUTURE LIKE NEO THAN YOU MUST BE RETARDED HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA BCH BAGHOLDERS ARE GONNA SUICIDE SOON
what are you talking about anon, i keep making money on it
"private company=bitcoin protocol"
unethical
same here, maybe OP is just mad cuz he keeps buying the tip
if anything it's more ethical, the blocksize was always meant to scale
blocksize was just the trigger.This whole thing is actually about the future position of miners in the (POW)crypto-ecosystemsupporting bitcoin cash is actually supporting the miner-cartel and is 100% against the c0re values
Who cares about the miners?
Go mine yourself then
Core shills are getting desperate.
Once this NEO pump is over BCH is going to go insane.Any pump based on "good news" inevitably leads to an immediate dump when that news doesn't live up to expectations.
If you're buying NEO at this price, prepare to baghold for a long time.
blocksize was just the trigger.lmao classic corecuck moving the goalposts bullshit.POW coins will always be ruled by "mining cartels" get over it.
If you don't like it don't buy POW coins.
BTC is no better.BCH is objectively superior to BTC.
No one can deny this right now.
The fact that it's also demonstrably more in line with "muh satoshi's vision" is just a bonus
 1970> who cares about 3/2 world regimes making billions of oil as long as they sell it to us cheap enough what could possibly go wrong
BTC is corrupted by Blockstream and a paid army of trolls.
BCH is the healing.
"mining-cartel" was expected, re-read the white paper.
the blockchain is designed so the incentive of miners is to benefit themselves even in the case of a 51% attack, which means keeping the value up, not destroying the chain.
I care about mining so muchWhen BTC is 100k and BCH is dead please post a picture of your mining rig
4429202but allowing them to choose between 2 main chains gives them too much power and creates too much instability
no, it makes competition between the chains to improve.
miners don't control the price, the price controls which chain they mine by changing the profitability.
You can smell the BTC fear now.
They see it is happening.
Still at stage 1, you poor deluded bagholder
People were saying the same thing about blockstream coin years ago kek
when BTC is 100kThe sheer delusion of your average corecuck is astounding.
cool meme diagram.
do they give it to you at the blockstream troll seminars?
fucking paid btc trolls
Who mines has no impact for the consumer.
A mining cartel is natural.
>sellling a dinosaur JUST to buy another onekek
1 week till the last bitcoin difficulty ajustment, cap this.
YUP BCH IS A SCAM YOU GUYS.SELL YOUR BCH PLZ I NEED TO GET BACK IN AT A CHEAPER PRICE LOL.
It does when you need to pay more fees and wait longer because the mining cartel spams the transaction pool
People act like they care about mining but nobody actually mines.
As if the average BTC user would actually mine BTC
The truth is that if BTC goes up really high, so will BCH.It won't be left behind in the dust, BCH will be Rank #2 soo and surpass ethereum again.
This time it will stay there for a while, and it will scare the shit out of BTC holders.Thank you for your dumps BTC holders, did you not know your BCH is just as rare as BTC, because you needed BTC to get BCH in the first place?
And that BCH is just as rare as BTC?
So you needed $7k to get BCH, but thank you for selling it to us at suuuuuch cheap prices.
Yeah corecucks have been much quieter since BCH rebounded so quickly from sub $1000.
They are now forced to take it seriously because they know that's never going to happen again.
are you mentally challenged?
it will flip!
The flippening will happen>it won't fall behind!
It will stay number two>it won't drop out of top 10>there's no way it will death spiralThe bargaining begins
4429440Jesus you guys are getting so lazy lately.
You have no fucking arguments, you know BCH is functionally superior to BTC ad you don't even attempt to dispute it.
All you can muster is some weak insults and greentext.
Pathetic.
Thank you for your dumps BTC holders, did you not know your BCH is just as rare as BTC, because you needed BTC to get BCH in the first place?
And that BCH is just as rare as BTC?
So you needed $7k to get BCH, but thank you for selling it to us at suuuuuch cheap prices.this guy

this one's a funny fud>dont buy bch because ver sold fireworks 10 years ago!
:)
He sold boxes of fractional dynamite sticks that would not be legal even as fireworks.
On top of that he stored the explosives in a residential apartment and mailed them through USPS where they could have killed or maimed a postage worker.
That's definitely not "just fireworks"
that's more of ignorance than anything malicious, not sure what it has to do with bch
did you not know your BCH is just as rare as BTCBCH isn't as rare as Chancoin.
Why is a Chancoin worth 2.5 cents?
He's not evil, just stupidThe absolute STATE of you bagholders.
Sell your BCH my bags aren't heavy enough yet corecuck
Does the Cash cartel really have the power to bring down BTC?
No cartel needed, Cash will win because it's simply better by every metric.Core cucks like to focus on individuals like Ver for this reason.
They know they're not going to convince anyone that faster transactions with lower fees are a bad thing, so they focus on individual proponents of BCH instead
Core cucks are against Fiat and Bitcoin Cash but want coin that can´t be used as Cash.
Logic
It's a religion
We're almost to 4444444.
Get in before the moon.
did you not know your BCH is just as rare as BTCActually it had way more inflation
No
The BTC sell wall on GDAX has grown from 16mil to 26mil in 12 hours.
People are trying to get out, realizing that it is now taking days to move their BTC around.
it's called "taking profit"