I’m about to spend 3k more in Crypto anons.
What should I buy more of?
What should I sell?
What should I pick up?
I feel like I should add to my BTC but also pickup REQ, XMR, LISK, IOTA.
Any other ideas?
I’m not much of a trader.
I prefer long hodls.
For long holds, I'd say SUB, LISK and POWR.
Link if you're feeling like becoming a pink wojak.
Pick up some Ark for the long term.
ico in 1 day
Thanks anons!
You are well diversified.
I would say to dump your LINK bags and buy REQ with it.
Up your presence in NEO, ETH and WTC.
Get ETP (its gonna be huge) and maybe forget about IOTA (already huge mcap and too big of a coin supply).
definetly lisk before end of the year
That's not what people mean by diversify, anon lmao
300 ark, 200 more omg, 100 more link, 600 xmr, 200 zen, 600 more btc
not sure about lisk but i also hold xmr, req and iota.
you might add FCT tooalso a longhodl type of guy.
gl
Thanks for the response.
Appreciate it.
What do you like about ETP?
ARK.
mooning next month.
cheap as fuck today.
.5 btc 500 xmr
ThisPrime time to buy
Modum if you want to buy a nice ranch on the moon
not enough btc
Thanks anon.
Hope we all make it.
Why will it be mooning next month?
Non-retard buys:DOGEXMRZECBTGVIA
You should probably have it in something thats NOT on blockfolio as well.I put 10% of my capital towards high-risk with potential for HUGE yields.
Could be a low-volume token, or one thats just not popular, or one with a unique idea, or an ICO, Pre-ICO etc.I had it in POWR but I think that goose is cooked so cashed out tasty gains and threw it into the Omanilla pre-ico.
I had some ARK when I first started and sold at a loss and went into LINK.
Made money until I lost it so now i’m hodling these heavy bags.
Why should I move back into ARK?…Seems like the consensus here is to buy more BTC no matter what.
Also debating whether or not BCH has more growth potential in the next year or so.
Seems like it.
I’m in on a new ICO called Starmine.ai
BCHLTCBe prepared to sell BCH in 24 - 48 hours as it peeks.
BCH to BTC would be good as BTC will soon rebound afterLTC to hold
BTS and DBIX.
Thanks!
Buy the neo dip
Literally HST
Opus