Robinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread 
AMRS pls sugoi gains 4me
Pepsi contract when
whatever happened to that pimple frog dude who had that algorithm and predicted major gainz.
I miss him
Is AMRS not going to do anything after that report?
I expected it to either go up or start falling, but nothing's happening.
It's kinda all over the place, it went down for a sec but back up now
repostin from last threadAMRS reporthttp://investors.amyris.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=1048744
4365007AMRS is a pump and dump meme
I suspect AMRS is gonna fluctuate from the people shorting but should be stable tomorrow
>er was pushed back a while week>can't even start conference on timeProfessional
they made so much money that it's taking them a while to count it!
:^)no stalling tactics or hopeful statements to keep the stock price from falling down whatsoever!
here we go!!!
shlet me have this
Where's that AMRS wojak

They need time to cook the books.
>bought husa at .3914 right before close>it's up to .425 after houseNO MORE RED HEHEHEHEHEHHE
>sweetener not FDA approved yetThat's not what rgt told me
ARMS FAGS BTFOWHERE IS THAT ONE FAGGIT WHO WAS SHILLING NON STOP FOR WEEKS?DEAD I HOPE!
Long hold outlook is good, but no moon mission today
I-I was told there would be a Coca Cola deal!
Panic dumped TRXC at 2.70Fuck I'm not cut out for this.
kek
Still around though he is in a chatroom now mostly.
And they're going at it like the dirty slut she is.
>Cray initiated with an Outperform at Wells Fargo:11 EDT Wells Fargo analyst Aaron Rakers initiated coverage of Cray with an Outperform rating and $26 price target.
The analyst calls the company one of his top picks in IT Infrastructure & Communications Equipment.>Copyright (c) Theflyonthewall.com Interesting.
Penny stock traded exclusively by reddit
Any tips on how to short ?Like, your time range for this kind of trade, what metric to look at when screening for a good short etc ?I almost JUST'ed myself with NKTR so I am scared to have a short portfolio
where?
I haven't had a win as big as RGSE ever
What's tomorrow's plays boys?
Dump amrs
The same play we do everyday.
Fuck bitches, get money.
all in on Colgate
AMAT
KTOS buy the dip if it touches low 10s again
Thinking about it.
market will take a nice dive :^)
I actually have a real response this time.Cisco has earnings tomorrow afternoon and Best Buy, Smuckers, Viacom, and Wal-Mart all have earnings Thursday morning.
So I'm probably going to try something with a couple of these.
I'll see how they look tomorrow morning and decide then.
https://robinhood.com/?
ref=nMusrc for early access
sent :^)
first for xxii
can you smelly neets pls stop bullying the S&P 500?
too late to buy.
just hodl
Look for stocks that you think are overvalued and short them, obviously.
But the bigger idea is that you should be market neutral (meaning if the market as whole shifts up or down you make money) because hopefully, your longs go up more than your shorts
 >less than 1%
just confirmed my bank account and transferred 1kwhat do i buy?Is all in on AMD the play?
No all in on LODE is.
AMD is old meme money
Sure but get ready yo soy on it for a while
To sit on it*
anon 1% is just the start
all-in on BAA, it's going to moon in 2 weeks
Looks like a flip flop triple sector bypass pancake pattern formation.
Shit is getting ready to moon
-99% on 5 yearsI-its gotta go up eventually right???
of course sweetie.
now buy ;)
it's the "/rgt/ finds yet another cash strapped mining company and tries to pump it" episode againwhat could go wrong?
Third times the charm r-right?
A special committee established by the company's board says "there is no reasonable prospect that a successful capital raise (whether debt, equity or a combination) could be completed at the current time at a level sufficient to refinance the company's existing indebtedness and to address its working capital requirements."
baa is bankrupt you dolt.
That's what I'm saying brooo
Time for the noobs here to learn what a real correction looks like.
Not just shitty little dips
I can't wait
stop acting like a prodigy just because you're a degenerate UVXY gambler
How is it too late?
It dips every morning to some extent, gets a good peak between afternoon and closing, then goes back down to the status quo.
It's been doing that every day for at over a week now.
Now is not the time for fear, that comes later
We still have 3 more years of a bull market.
th-that was the joke Dyna
Prepare your pink wojaks.
I still remember you shilling UVXY back at $24 because "muh vix is low buy da dibb XD"How'd that work out for ya?
;)
Doesn’t look like a crystal ball to me
Everything is working out well.
Although there were a few micalculations here and there along the way.
No one is perfect after all :^)
We’re all meant to make it
What's the best way to dump amrs tomorrow?Do I just make a market sell order right now and hope it goes through?
Sell premarket.
It'll be a rush at open to take profits
I'm a lowly meme trader who doesn't do DD and has only a small amount of money.
I don't have gold.
When market opens how do I get rid of it?I'm guessing a stop loss is risky right, and market order is the way to go?
You think we hit -1000 on the Dow tomorrow?
The japanese and chinese stock markets are down 1.45% and S&P and NASDAQ futures are red as fuckAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Why
GAINS
Dammit, it might not even be a good idea to get my cheap BAC warrants I've been waiting so patiently for.
If shit gets fucked, there's no way BAC will be back up to $30 by October and the warrants will be fucking worthless.
Fucking Robinhood cucking me out of the first good run and making me wait on opening a TD account.
BAC is probably going to trend down for a while still.
Dude why are ALL markets crashing?
the fire is rising

Be gentle nikkei 225
There's a few thousand other things you can buy on the stock market besides crappy bac warrants.
Broaden your horizons
Buy and hold is stupid.
Believing in companies is stupid.
Robinhood is a fucking joke.
Get Suretrader and short sell penny stocks with no pdt rule.
Don't be a chump.
In compliance with SEC Rule 15a-6 this website is not intended to solicit U.S. Residents.fuCK OFFFFFFFFFFFF
You have no SIPC protection if they go broke though
I used to be market neutral but I was a noob and didn't realize the risks of the shorts I took.Also, what ratios should I look at when screening for shorts ?
Forward P/E ?
Denbt ratio ?
If you are serious you should watch Martin Shkreli's 18 videos on finance; there is no one trick to finding good shorts.
This series is beneficial for both shorts and longs.Link to the first one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARrNYyJEnFI
Just play blackjack or roulette if you want to gamble, it's faster
Forgot to mention, technical analysis is also helpful, but you shouldn't use it solely.
Instead, use it in combination with finance.
Also if you don't like Martin's videos just use Investopedia.
Here is their link to finding short candidates using TA: https://www.investopedia.com/articles/stocks/08/short-selling-analysis.asp
MY LINKS OH MY GOD IT HURTS MOMMY IT HURTS MOMMY MY LINKS MY LINKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
ARKK/ARKW.Thoughts?
fuck off coiner
4372749Thank you kind sir