Hey /biz, my dad gave me 10k, but only to invest in crypto because it's the future.
I hate him and don't want it.
What's the worst choice stock for me to chose that way I can lose it all?
LINK
Dumbass just 2x the money and keep half for yoursf
confidio
Buy a fuck ton of a penny stock so his money just doens't grow but he still has it, that would piss me off more"just another week dad, it's going to take off i promise~!"
If not bait, kill yourself
Careful though.
You may accidentally end up making a fuck tonne.
Such is the nature of this beast.
Just buy bitcoin and send it to me.
You won't have it, and neither will your dad.
Problem solved!1L9BFSkC3eLdij2FHVZbF8Q3piZTkTbSUY
Bitconnect bro.
It's the ultimate play for this.
You will be getting massive daily gains % and he will start to get really excited and then suddenly poof, it will all be gone.
Really take him on a rollercoaster
SCLA
Just give it to me and say you lost it all please please I'm suicidal
CYTRIt's a stock with potentially game changing chemotherapy drug that can deliver far more of the cancer busting substance without the toxicity.
We're talking exponentially more.Unforutnately, the business end of the company is headed by a CEO who gives two shits about shareholders and repeatedly dilutes and r/s to pay the board and himself.
If you want to blow a bunch of money invest it in that, with the plausible deniability that you're blowing it by pointing to the promising tech and say "Im not wasting it, its gonna be a gold mine" but it never is OP.. it never is.. CYTR just takes and takes and never gives back.
Also you don't lose your hair with CYTR's chemo drug (a random side effect bonus they didnt even design into it).
Yet the stock is still making anyone involved with it broke.
Just give it to charity.
Tax break and you'll feel good about it.If you are actually asking for advice, AKG under one dollar.
DNT
Bancor (((BNT))), Literally unstoppable.Or even better, dump it all in OHNI
GPK or some other failed meme coin.
porque?
the choice is clearpic very related
This is genuis OP - i take back my espers play.do this.
buy dogecoinseriously that shit will never EVER take off again