Anyone here doing Amazon FBA?
Anyone?
it's hopeless here anon.
fags only care about crypto.
nobody wants to talk about anything else.
crypto or bust
I was going to but I'm too depressed to find the motivation to sell my shitI've had $3500 worth of reading lights, VR goggles and other stuff in my apartment for 6 months
Crypto?
Who said crypto?
What coin should I buy?
You didn't even send it to amazons warehouse?Also, did you do proper research?
I was going to do the FBA thing, but I decided to go through eBay instead.
Haven't even listed them yetAnd yes, I did tons of research
Why'd you switch to ebay?
amazon fba is too complicated and not decentralized.
I did it op.
I am a Canadian so I started in the CAD market.
It was pretty slow but at one time for a few days I had the best seller banner.
I was listed in two categories and one was very small and niche so I made top seller there.I sold 2 or so a day for a while.
I made $1 or so profit per sale.
This is because I had to air mail my shit to Canada.I did pretty good with marketing, branding etc but it was a slow market here in Canada and USA was just too overwhelming.
I could have made $10 per item if I ordered a shipping container full but it would take too long to get rid of it in Canada and by that point I was just too tired of it to get into the USA stuff.
I am glad I did it anyway because it seems like such an amazing opportunity if you can find a good product.Honestly if you are American I am very jealous.Anything you want to know lemme know.
I am!
Second product coming in this week.
Also have bought new games for cheap off of Offerup and made some good money off of selling them on amazon.
Got a collectors edition game sealed for $80 and sold it for $200 last week.
Amazon took $40.
Pretty much doubled that monies.
I am American indeed
That thing buying shits from China and selling at higher price on Amazon?Too work for it.
Yes, but there is much more to it.
You can't just list some shit on amazon and make thousands of dollars.
I do it, I have 2 FBA businesses and a close friend also does it.
AMA and I'll respond whenever I can.
I'm the one that posted about FBA on one of the /mfh/ threads a while back.
What do you do when you first launch to start ranking?
can you make a quick guide on how to start?
Find product with low competition, high demand.
Buy on alibaba for cheap and sell on amazon for much more.
how do I get traffic to a store website?
The main focus is to just rank on amazon.
After you are ranked, you will get traffic on amazon for free.