fuck you guys I'm making shit happen.Fuck Crypto>Salty I messed the etherium train after almosting investing 2k at a few dollars
what's your plan when your customers start complaining that the chink shit they bought off of you is garbage quality or did not arrive?
Epacket shipping + not charge insane prices, get get deals from the whole saler and not just aliexpress
Fuck you, Jared Niggerpajet.
HAHAAlso, dropshipping to Australia is best>Amazon not big there>shipping faster>less competition with higher prices
OK so what are you selling
Can you give me a basic rundown of what you do?
I mean you don't have to tell me what products you sell, but are you focusing on a niche market?
Is your store on FB?
Do you advertise through FB?I've been wanting to do something like this but not really sure of all the ins and outs.
Alright faggot take notes, this is the grand scheme....>Shopify + Oberlo>Install facebook pixel>Pay instagram influencers to promote product>Create lookalike audience on facebook from that instagram promotions>run ads through facebook ads to that audience and scale up
how much money does it take to start and also grow.
Like in advertising?
oberloNever heard of this.
Did you just buy a store or set up your own?
I started with $10 in my paypal......srs $400 and you should be good to rollI could probably get by with a $100 budget but I'd expect newbies to fuck up a bit
What did you mean by create lookalike audience on FB?
Yup thats pretty much it.
I wanna do niche t shirts and merch instead though.
Im a faggot because i know everything i have to do and still havent launched anything.
How good are your margins with what you're selling OP?learn about facebook ads.
They're fucking GOAT for targeting people.
Basically you set up pixes in your online store which records data on whoever visits your store.
Then you make a "lookalike audience" on facebook meaning that fb takes the pixels data analyzes it and finds people that are similar in their likes/way of thinking....The whole thing is kinda creepy in a way
Damn that's fucking gold for marketing to a target audience, but damn that is creepy oh how we let them do that.
It always creeps me out when FB ads come up about something I was talking with people about and didn't even search for anything on my phone
OP you just fucking convinced me.
I might be able to do this in my country where people are literally stupid and with the right targeting in FB ads, I'm looking at a gold mine.
Thanks!
facebook pixelsI'm an IT guy by trade but I'm NOT by any means a web developer... how hard is this pixel stuff?
any websites or message boards you recommend to find out more info on drop shipping?
Kek, you got a long way to go, your best bet is to partner with someone who already knows all the ins and outs.
Its very saturated already and if you have to start from 0 gonna cost allot of money testing
Facebook pixel is just a fancy analytics tracking script you embed in a website
I have around 500$ starting capital.
I can code and I know my way around FB ads.
Coughing up a website is easy, feeding it with products from ali, amazon, etc is also easy fucking peasy.
All I need is to reach the designated target audience, that yes indeed, will take time and probably a little bit of my capital.
ya creepy as fuck.
Facebook, google, all those companies store all of your data and have a profile of you so they can profit off you.super easy.
Its just like an app you download.
I think shopify even automatically integrates it for youany websites or message boards you recommend to find out more info on drop shipping?literally started learning by just googling and reading articles.
Shopify has a lot of resources/articles that are helpful.
r/entrepreneur even though reddits gay.
Its all out there anon, its not that hard either.
Just takes the initiative to actually launch something; most people give up because they think they'll fail.
4311775>easyCool, thanks.
I've had a niche domain for years that I've planned on doing an online shop with, just really didn't know how to market it.
THats pretty good start the landing page is important and has to look legit , it works even with shitty sites but it hurts your sales500 is not so much , you need to test a few ads on diffrent auditions sometimes it takes a while to fidn the right product/auditions and Ad you use
I can take failure, I make 60k and want to buy a motherfucking house.
Shit is hard for the middle class if you have no backing from your parents.
Have to grind for every dollar and pay for everything.
I'm so jealous of people that get shit from their parents.
a new car, college tuition, down payment for a house, money for a wedding.
I'm so jealous of people that get shit from their parentsdont be jealous of them anon; be happy for them and hope that they're grateful and enjoying it.
You can have everything all of that too, money is all around you.Believe in yourself, pursue your creative ideas and you'll see one day you'll be buying your kids all the dope shit they want; or just enjoying it yourself.
i looked into dropshipping ages ago but said "nahhhhh doesnt seem that good" but fuck it, imma try this in my holidays.
Where the crap do you live that you can't buy a house w/ a 60k salary?
Hollywood??
How much should you expect to pay for FB ads?
I set up my own audience (no pixel) and I end up paying like .70 usd cpc.
It seems incredibly high.
How to get my cpc down, and also get more clicks?
im not sure anon, but i do know the better the ad(the more people interact with it) the cheaper it is.
So you may be targeting too wide?I actually havent gotten started with FB ads yet aside from some entry videos, but its def something you have to learn and get the hang of
Dallas, housing market is on fire here.
With all the big corporations (State Farm, 7-11, Toyota, and now possibly Amazon) moving here and driving up all the prices.
Even just 2 years ago it was easy to find an apartment for like 900 a month, now it’s like 1200+.
The median housing price used to be like 250k now it’s like 450-500k unless you want to live in a bad area or somewhere wayyy outside of town.
Plus home builders are only building 300k and up homes, so most things you can get for cheaper are older and will usually require work.
Doesn’t help either with people flocking by the bus load here.
The influx of Californians has really hurt too because they buy houses straight up in cash without even setting foot on the actual property either.
They are driving up the prices like crazy.Look up the Dallas housing market, it’s ridiculous.
I think it’s one of the highest and fast growing in the country.
I believe you anon.
Have you considered relocating?
Personally I'd never live near ANY major city because fuck that.
Veteran dropshipper here.
Let me give you bois some advice.
Just ask.
I actually just signed up for shopify and oberlo but can't figure out how to get the products I import onto a specific fucking page.
They all want to go to the main page.
What stupid option am I missing?
What's a good general niche to look at getting into?
Create a new page.
Then add a collection to it.
I would just like to know about starting, initial money and time investment.
Also what is the time you spend to maintain it.
Could you do it with a full time career or is it something that you need to spend a good amount of time on?
Yeah I actually just figured it out.
The "collection" IS the fucking page.
Derp.
In the past, it would have been possible, but the money and opportunities are in the big city and my gf just got a good job and she wouldn’t be able to relocate at all or until at least a couple of years.
I am actually setting this up and then saw your post.
Sounds like you are following the same course I got, I'm glad to hear it's working.
Well done.
my family just moved to dallas, and shit, you're right, the housing market here is really blowing the fuck up.
Where do you think is a good place to buy a crib around dallas?
Well I'm totally a noob here but I can say with what I've been learning in just the past hour the initial setup is going to take many hours of work.
The investment is relatively small.
I spent $800 starting up.
But you can startup with much less.
As for time.
You could probably do it with a career.
A few hours per night could work.
It's important to fulfill orders fast as possible.
does anyone run ads consistently?
I am trying adwords and fb ads, but it's not as easy as I thought.
higher cost and slow to get started.
i need tips.
It's important to fulfill orders fast as possible.Wait, isn't the whole point of dropshipping the fact that *you* don't have to fulfill the orders?
From old mates drop shopping site :)
Niche is important.
Although I can't give a general niche here is my advice.Pick an expensive niche product.
Dropshipping profit margins are small and it takes the same amount of time to process a $5 product as it does a $200 product.
So the sweet spot is around $200.Pick a niche with little brand loyalty.
What I mean is you still have to order the items for the customer.
Or you can automate it using add-ons.
But usually you still have to confirm the orders and such.
Gotcha, didn't realize that.
I suppose once my store is set up I'll just buy something from myself and see how it all works.
Niche productGuys I have a product in mind that I need to get a prototype manufactured for.
It’sBasically silicone and would need a mold .... do I try and do that local?
Or look to Asia ... any tips?
Flesh lights are already a thing
Depending on what it is I'd look into 3d printing solutions first.
Getting anything "prototyped" by a manufacturer is going to be expensive, even in China (and they're likely to just steal it if it's a good idea).
Probably the suburbs, just anything outside of Dallas.
Also kind of depends where you want to live.
Townhomes are where I’ve been looking.
Most of the affordable houses are way too far of a commute for me, but like I said it’s where you want to live at.
Amazon is about to open in my country.
Would affiliate marketing with niche sites be a good idea to start learning?
LISTEN TO ME.
Scrap that idea.
Dropship using amazon.
You won't regret it.
I have several employees working in other countries Drophipping on Amazon.
Wait so drop ship using Amazon instead of Shopify?
what do you dropship?
Can Amazon dropshipping be implemented thru shopify?
Also... if I'm pulling products through Oberlo, am I supposed to be setting my own prices or am I just getting a predetermined percentage of whatever sells?
Enjoy wasting your life savings, I've got plastic chink shit to dropship.If you want to ascend to the realm of passive income, read the guides.GUIDE 1: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ti-laBUbfmIfyBifCHz5PwTDdJjeGtH_w18OdFhHE1MGUIDE 2: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NxyGH6B_5czjnqtxjUuOGsv-hUz8NrvWcK7JRnqmMgM/edit?usp=sharingGUIDE 3 (made by Shopify, not me) : http://1.shopifytrack.com/SHcb
Thank you for sparking interest in dropshipping again.
Might start posting dropshipping generals again as people finally get out of crypto.
43145914314591