Prior to Turkey Day, we will have some more major announcements, updates, visuals, and exciting news to share.http://announcements.blockmason.io/blockmason-brings-on-new-team-strong-foundation/This is one of those tokens among a sea of shitcoins being shilled on here that has a platform released with applications already developed.
With over $1.7 billion dollars raised in ICOs this year, only a small fraction of companies have had a product in place at the time of their token sale.
By raising funds with no product this leaves no incentive for developers to deliver on their promises as you can see with the current altcoin market.
This is your chance to invest in a platform that currently exists and is going to make huge waves in the coming months.
So where is the great potential in this product?First, a little about the token:- 10 million market cap - 45 million circulating supply and 116 million total supply- Recent listing on Binance, Etherdelta and Kucoin- Recently announced a third fully-functional application coming to their platform- Product-use token rather than investment token (positive tax implications)The credit protocol platform built by BlockMason provides the infrastructure that underlies the future of credit among any currency on the blockchain.
It is a platform for anyone to build credit ideas on top of their open source protocol.
Since ICO they have grown their team to accelerate the roadmap with the following additions:- They have brought on a partner & lead strategist, lead technologist, web development lead, mobile app dev, lead operations & finance as well as an art director.
Along with these new additions, the team has welcomed the likes of Anthony Di Iorio, founder of Jaxx and co-founder of Ethereum, to advise the project going forwardYou can see all of that information in depth here:https://blockmason.io/
Additional information on the platform:They currently have two fully-functional products on their platform:- The first application, "Foundation Manager", is a compiler that forms a necessary component for any application that wishes to integrate multiple addresses into a single identity.
- The second application, "Friend in debt", is a simple and powerful application for creating and settling debts among friends.
This enables long-term debt tracking, digital credit histories, personal loans, community crowd funding, and much more.- The third application currently in the works, "Giftchain", is an application for minting gift cards and tracking customer loyalty on the blockchain.
This allows for individualized gift cards and customer loyalty rewards programs.Future applications to be developed on their current protocol include:- consumer loan programs - university meal or payment plansGiven the information above, I can't see the product staying under the radar much longer.
Since the competition on Binance and the surge of bitcoin, the price has been suppressed which makes for a great entry point.
For anyone skeptical, I would invest when the competition is over as it will see the price soar.
This seems to be competing with SALT and RIPIO but they are quite further a long with a platform and product out.. dont think ill invest right away but ill keep my eye on this one
Why are you shilling an old article?
They released Friend in debt last week.
That was the news.
friend in debt was out before these announcements were posted - check your dates on their site
if it gets listed on bittrex this week then i will literally call elon and make a moon mission happen for /biz/
thats just a rumor for now anon