Do you have a reservation yet Anon?
I'm some kind of neo-nazi, how do I sign up?
If so tell me how it wentI don't like giving my name out just to promise to buy something.
Literally Hitler's web site here:https://www.startengine.com/gab-select
There isn't much info on the actual token or what this protocol will be like.
I do like Gab though.
Nice bought 100k!
Gab is going to be the only semi normie, place your allowed to speak freely, if you are not a sjw commie.
1488!
1488!
The South will Rise again!
Gab developers understanding of blockchain was a joke, can't wait to exploit their contract.
why is this a 'nazi coin'?
It compete with Twitter so Twitter, Facebook, Google, and Apple all came together to kill it.
Most users aren't Nazis.
The CEO is a normal MAGA guy.
The co-founder is a muzzie.
The third main guy is also brown.
They didn't explain anything.
I offered to help a few months ago, but now I am busy with my own projects.
You sound like such a retarded typical American.
Are you joking?
They took to twitter to taunt the ethereum foundation because Vitalik is a nice autist who doesn't want to hurt anyone's feelings and then made bold claims that ethereum would just fork their blockchain to cut gab out.
They also believe that everything would be on the mainnet and that they wouldn't need to maintain their own blockchain.
The developers followed this up by going onto their platform to call out ethereum for being able to do these things.I think gab has potential to be a good platform, its better then twitter imo.
but they are going to tank themselves to follow some magical idea of what blockchain is.
I have been a web developer for over 20 years.
I'm just now learning about these ICO's and how they function.
From what I am seeing is it's all the same stuff as before only "worded" differently.
These groups putting out ICO's are pitching such basic things really... but they pack their sales pitch full of new fancy "blockchain" verbiage.
I actually thought for a while these ICO people must be a new wave of super geniuses.
But no.... they're all the same dudes as before, only using a new marketing langauge.
And you know what?
they're making millions off it.TFW I myself can put together 10 ICO's in a month that are far better than 90% of the utter shit being dumped right now.Gab.ai is nothing special.
I have had a script that does exactly what it does for over 8 years now.
All that is required to get something like Gab.ai up and running is powerful servers to handle the traffic.
The actually technology behind it is fucking ancient.
I can clone this website https://www.startengine.com in 24 hours.
4481163Why don't you do it?I mean, I'm a programmer too and I've been looking into blockchain myself I'm not for the quick cash though I'm thinking together things that might be useful for finance and big data.
I also want to work on ethereum itself though I'm a software developer and the stretch into web design is just, annoying.
No one gives a shit you useless poor retard.
You're a fucking a web developer, not someone actually important.
It's why you're here right now begging for attention.
bold claims that ethereum would just fork their blockchain to cut gab outThat was actually claimed by a previous Ethereum foundation member.
They didn't make anything up other than that racist piece of shit techically doesn't work with Ethereum anymore.
GIFT OF THE GAB
TFW I myself can put together 10 ICO's in a month that are far better than 90% of the utter shit being dumped right now.Focus on one to three.
previous ethereum foundation memberyou know I can make two edits on github and become an ethereum foundation member after asking around, I didn't say they made up shit I said they didn't understand shit.
Here.
Gab wasn't outright lying.
Gupta doesn't represent Ethereum currently though.
Mean, but i keked hard.
fairly certain Gupta was a major player
That is an accurate portrayal of the media's portrayal of Gab.
None of the guys are close to being Nazis.
It is a normal MAGA White Guy, a MAGA muslim guy, and a MAGA Indian guy (i believe).
Planning on it...
I'm still learning more about these ICO's and how they work.
Need to learn more about the supposed smart contract and how these Tokens are tracked, managed and delivered to people.I've already build crowdfunding websites in the past that use payment gateways like paypal, stripe, authorize.net, etc.
I guess I just need to open an account at https://www.startengine.com and see how they work the process of getting an ICO published.I'm also a game developer with two AAA game getting developed.
You can see one of them at www.lnwlf.coAs far as an actual web startup, I have something much bigger in mind.
I'm talking Amazon big.
I already have it up and running with 100,000 products and the capacity for 1,000,000 more.
Wow.... yeah, there's even more than this really.
Fucking hell, I could very likely get 100 million in funding along with our own Coin.
Wish I could find a few people to bring on board to easy up my work load.
Stay mad you talentless bitch.
People like you only give me more motivation.
And that wasn't even clever.
Good luck.
You know there really isn't anywheres to publically talk about blockchain development without a bunch of brainlets and pajeets storming it constantly.see I watched the whole conversation, you should read more of the twitter, Gab was showboating by asking for a friendly welcome onto the ethereum network, not something that he took too kindly, I like this persons interpretation though of the whole thing... No picture because of a long thread, read it and understand what actually was taken by current ethereum members from that advance from Gab.
https://twitter.com/avsa/status/930777682157109248 There are plenty of solidity developers out there who could make sure your contracts are managed well.
To be honest solidity isn't even that hard to pickup its just scary knowing that this code cant be changed, and will hold all the funds till it activates.
Testnet is your friend, go generate some testnet eth and play around.Also neat game.
>Stay mad you talentless bitch.
People like you only give me more motivation.
And that wasn't even clever.
The truth is you're a failed web designer who could only get a few jobs off craigslist until the pajeets took over.
This is why you're mad.
That is why you lashed out.
Do you think I haven't encountered faggots like you during my career?
Dozens, kid....It's very common for talentless, broke, failed IT people to lash out like a little bitch when they think they understand your operation.Make sure you clean the dishes for mommy tomorrow.
You know how she gets upset you 24yr old bum.
wow.... some of you gab haters really should get a life and try out gab, because it's obvious that you haven't.
you are buying into twitter's smear campaign against gab.... NO, the site doesn't have nazi's on it, the closest you will find is people who think white people should have a homeland just like africans or jews, and these people are CATEGORICALLY not nazis.
i've met some really nice people on gab and i'm glad i didn't dismiss it like you guys.
Same to you, friendo.
What is the benefit of holding their token?
I like Gab but I won't bother with an ICO for a useless token.
>The truth is you're a failed web designer who could only get a few jobs off craigslist until the pajeets took over.
This is why you're mad.
That is why you lashed out.
Do you think I haven't encountered faggots like you during my career?
Dozens, kid....
It's very common for talentless, broke, failed IT people to lash out like a little bitch when they think they understand your operation.
Make sure you clean the dishes for mommy tomorrow.
You know how she gets upset you 24yr old bum.
Pretty much this, I can't see how it would look good to traders, or how gab would feel about their token being worth 200 sato.
Maybe if you are a holder you get donater status?
Tipping platform?
I mean we have steemit, would be funny to see pajeets storm gab for china wages.
I was in Bitcoin since Max Kaiser started shilling it in 2010.
I'm everything you hope to be in life.
Not sure why you keep posting that fedora fatty.
Guys like them really don't have talent historically.
I mean, you can't list any legendary names who accomplished much who look like them.Fat produces estrogen which leads to low iq and laziness.
Those are not traits you find in successful people outside of twitch streams.Try being original, you pathetic tryhard simp.
people who think white people should have a homeland just like africans or jews>these people are CATEGORICALLY not nazis.I'm pretty sure that's exactly what the nazis wanted.Israel is pretty much the jewish version of the nazi dream, except for those pesky arabs they're scheming to get rid off.
>I was in Bitcoin since Max Kaiser started shilling it in 2010.
I'm everything you hope to be in life.
Not sure why you keep posting that fedora fatty.
Guys like them really don't have talent historically.
I mean, you can't list any legendary names who accomplished much who look like them.
Fat produces estrogen which leads to low iq and laziness.
Those are not traits you find in successful people outside of twitch streams.
Try being original, you pathetic tryhard simp.
www.lnwlf.co>AAA gameIt's the fucking default orange cube in Unreal with a few premade assets.I know your autism can't understand this, but stop posting.
That other anon destroyed you the very first time, and you blew any chance you had to make a graceful exit.Now please cope by pretending I'm that guy on another IP, that'll make him laugh.
Lot's of projection going on there.
With so many of these saved fedora gifs it makes you appear to be a fedora refugee.
You probably one of those ex-liberals who finally realized sucking dick wasn't as cool as your professor had said.
So no you feel betrayed and angry... going all out 24/7 to make up for a life time of sucking dick.I was a never an ex-liberal like you.
With your stale fedora memes.
That shit is from what?
2011...
Faggot I've been triggering nerdy homos like you on the internet since 1993....
>Lot's of projection going on there.
With so many of these saved fedora gifs it makes you appear to be a fedora refugee.
You probably one of those ex-liberals who finally realized sucking dick wasn't as cool as your professor had said.
So no you feel betrayed and angry... going all out 24/7 to make up for a life time of sucking dick.
I was a never an ex-liberal like you.
With your stale fedora memes.
That shit is from what?
2011...
Fwiw Gab seems to be pretty good at marketing themselves.
I see them shilled all over Twitter far more than I see Minds.com - which has 10x the users.
You're mad at the internet and developers because Hillary Clinton lost.
So you blame us.
Wait, why do you save pictures of naked men on your computer?
Most of the users are 4chan pol type faggots from what I can see
This was hacked from your phone 5 minutes ago.
You're quite the internet investigator, very impressive.
Fucking millennial simps think they can out troll me.
Faggots I invented trolling.
The fuck outta here.
Gabs white paper is full of shit like all ICO white papers.But they have the excuse of not being able to say anything really really really specific because it is a security.The coin will be a share ownership in GAB.Just like a real IPO GAB's ICO is prohibited from pumping in certain ways before everything is approved by the SEC.
I've been here since September, I'll tell you what!neck yourself
Dude...I think he was making a joke about cloning HitlerChill lad
HOLY FUCK this is a terrible idea gab devs are prob bleeding money, if youve ever seen the comic they tried to create to combat SJW MARVELDC it was terrible the artist couldnt draw hands lol
It is a securityOwning GAB tokens will be like owning stocks.
bet you can't triforce
OK. Just stop.
There are tons of securities that aren't stocks.
It is probably currency to tip, buy pro accounts, buy subscriptions, and might have a dividend based on total use of the system.
It won't be stocks.
It can't be stocks.
STOP.
They probably aren't.
Gab has enough pro accounts and they had a nice crowd fundraising recently.
The founders aren't in lambo land yet though.
What a fucking idiotBecause of him saying this if anything goes wrong with GAB's ICO Viney will go to jail for securities fraud.Think about it.It is like an IT guy working on the Nasdaq saying he is going to fuck up trades of a certain company's stock he does not like.
You will own part of the company if you own Gab tokenHow the fuck is that not like owning stock?
You will own part of the company if you own Gab tokenNo you won't.
YES YOU WILLGAB is registering it with the SEC fuck nutIt is being released as a security tokenThe first ICO to ever do that.Why is this so hard for you to grasp?
Because I know what a security is.
You should too.
Do some research, friend.
Are stocks a type of security?Are stocks securities with the attached asset being a partial ownership of a company?Cuz Gab tokens are securities with the attached asset being a partial ownership of Gab.It is like a stock but in cryptotoken form.
Yes, No, No, No.
And no, I am too busy.