cashtards when will you give up?
WE ARE THE CASHMARINESAND WE ARE NOT FUCKING SELLING
>corecucks don't see what's happening right under their noses.You're in for a rude awakening.
I'm really interested on where you guys came from

thinking that a 2nd weaker pump and dump is going to takedown btc
Ok, good luck maintaining that when your network becomes completely unusable again like the other night.
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHA!
BITCOIN CASH KEKS HAHAHAHAHAH
im one of you i swear
Reminder that bigger blocksize means more centralisation.Reminder that beecash is LITERALLY owned by jewchinks.
LITERALLYReminder that, unless it's the one you got from the fork since you lose nothing, holding beecash is as retarded as holding any other shitcoin.
Are they doing another price manipulation?
"he more I argued with them, the better I came to know their dialectic.
First they counted on the stupidity of their adversary, and then, when there was no other way out, they themselves simply played stupid.
If all this didn't help, they pretended not to understand, or, if challenged, they changed the subject in a hurry, quoted platitudes which, if you accepted them, they immediately related to entirely different matters, and then, if again attacked, gave ground and pretended not to know exactly what you were talking about.
Whenever you tried to attack one of these apostles, your hand closed on a jelly-like slime which divided up and poured through your fingers, but in the next moment collected again.
But if you really struck one of these fellows so telling a blow that, observed by the audience, he couldn't help but agree, and if you believed that this had taken you at least one step forward, your amazement was great the next day.
The Jew had not the slightest recollection of the day before, he rattled off his same old nonsense as though nothing at all had happened, and, if indignantly challenged, affected amazement; he couldn't remember a thing, except that he had proved the correctness of his assertions the previous day."
I think so.
Big sell orders pop up but go away and come back lower.
Watched the coin all day long and its been flipping back and forth, but nothing like this.
I think they are using the btc recovery to help push it down for another pump
Are you buying?
What's your entry target?
Reminder the Blockstream is literally US Banking interests, and the only centralisation effort actually occcuring.Reminder the Core devs are the only devs in crypto space trying to keep development of this nature centralized.Reminder that all original Core devs have been ousted from Core.
GIVE ME STRENGTHI NEED TO UNLOAD THESE BAGS
that projection
AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
Are they still flooding the block chain with $0 transactions?The funny part is, even with transactions delayed, btc transfers faster than bank transactions.>Fiat to fiat international transfers take days.
Domestic transfers take at least 12 hours if it's between banks.I love this new mmorpg called cryptos
Yah.
Not sure when, just watching right now.
I like transacting with bitcoin it's very historic.
It really does remind me a lot of transacting with a bank.
Hopefully they didn't get too REKT, so close to Christmas and all.
Neck yourself
fuck you OPfuck you so fucking hard
in china they already use their phones to pay for everything in stores
fuck your mother if you want fuck.
Holy shit i didn't thought about that.Suicides are always rising around chrismas, beecash shills probably have blood on their hands.Then again, you deserve death for trusting jews so whatever.
it is i who will rudely awake you, pleb

;^)
I think they will give up in January 2018 when coinbase gives out the btrash