This shit is at an absolute steal right now because of the BTC run.
EASIEST MONEY OF YOUR LIFE 2x PROFITS AND MORE IF ITS THE PBC CALL
Its not PBC call cause Teeka knows what he's doing and he'd know the market for this is absolutely microscopic and not worth it.
You're right
A great coin but the PBC call is going to be SLR for sure
4392717Either way, the price right now is an absolute steal and will be easy 10-20% gains
I think he does an energy coin another month, I'm thinking Storj or Factom
1,000,000,000 supply, trading solar power on smart contracts?
LMAODigitalX (DCC) are the real guys behind POWR and are listed on the ASX.https://australianfintech.com.au/digitalx-advises-power-ledger-ico/POWR tokens useless.
Surplus electicity already gets put back on the grid.Tesla already solving South Australia's energy issues.
Tesla not interested in POWR.http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-09-29/elon-musk-tesla-world-biggest-battery-reaches-halfway-mark/9001542Don't believe the hype and lies about partnerships with Richard Branson and Elon Musk.
The market is only small in America and Europe, there are other countries that get cucked hard by power companies and pay way too much for electricity where this could actually be useful
no
Pick or not there is no way it is microscopic.
Since it launched on Bittrex the volume has been in the top 10 consistently... surpassing coins that have been there since day 1.
That means there is money to be made there.
As it drifts up and down 10 to 20 percent you can safely make money on a daily basis here by being a TRADER instead of just being a cheerleader for your favorite bags.
If it moons then all the better, but I have made 20%, 5%, and 12 % gaining trades in the last two days here.
Put some effort into learning how to make money.
It pays better than fud.
k
This
you fucking idiots.
he already said he's not going to talk about anything energy related in this month's issue because of all the leaks.
u noob.
one of the main players behind it is literally Mayor of a major AUS capital.
they have a lot to lose if they're just shilling and hyping.
as in, entire reputation and position in politics.
for a sham coin?
i highly doubt it.
Who cares about reputation when there is big money in play.
We have seen the corruption and greed of politicians in the past.
How is this case any different?