Check rsi and bolinger bands.....its a clear sign...buckle up, we're going doooown....also sell your alts, this is going to be mayhem
you no like my chart biz?If this is a bull trap and btc goes down, alts are getting masacred.....if this breaks the 7500$ and it turns to be a bullrun alts are still gonna go gown hard.... tour call /biz/
Sell your alts>sell btc, its going down
what are those?
one hour dildos?
fuck outta here
we shall see anon, and im afraid we shall se in not more than 2-3 hours.....stay tuned
yes yes all alts sell goodbtc up up then down down
no its 15min dildos which makes it eaven worse, last time we had souch an overbought rasi was when we touched 7900
if we cross 7600 im getting in (very unlikely)....otherwise, im sitting on my tether
Do these TA fags ever get tired of scraping around in chicken's guts?Look at the fundamentals.Bitcoin is going to die.
Soon.There can be only one high worth SHA256 cryptocurrency.
we shall see......starting to get some serious resistance anon, that was a big red didlo a few minutes ago......lets see lets see
buy high sell low amirite
15m candlesEl oh el
haha, let me guess it is going to be jihancoin?
dont really get bcashers, i dont like bcash but certanly i wouldnt say its a shitcoin, but bigblockers just need to attack bitcoin with their aggressive tactics, and the more aggressive they get the more you can see how desperate they are.
the fundamentals are you have all of the experts in this space who have been working on crypto currencies since before most of us even knew what they were working on BTC, vs a bunch of retarded libertarians who want to manufacture a flippening scenario for 7x gains working on BCH.
this, easy graph, the second pump, always.
It's down from here
last pump before dump to 4k$this is your last chance to sell those bags
can confirm these fundamentals.
doji forming on the 4h....stay deluded
khttps://pastebin.com/aiAE30S2
Yeah because Jihan, Roger Ver, Vitalik, Gavin Andersen and Chris Wright are all newfags
The existing Visa credit card network processes about 15 million Internet purchases per day worldwide.
Bitcoin can already scale much larger than that with existing hardware for a fraction of the cost.
It never really hits a scale ceiling.
If you're interested, I can go over the ways it would cope with extreme size.Also satoshi.Total newfag.http://b itcoinfoundation.org/forum/index.php?/topic/54-my-first-message-to-satoshi/#entry533funniest thing about these corecucks is they don't understand the tiger they stole is going to turn around and rip their faces off real soon now.
pretty much this.
I cant believe so many tards here fell for the BCH meme.
FOMO is a strong force
Nobody cares about ta
haha, what do you think people trade on?
ta is a delusion, a delusion everyone believes in since they know everyone else will be believing in the same delusion.... kinda like culture... which doesnt make it any more real
just sell everything, yeahstupid faggot
also sell your altsyou're retarded mate, alts are still way down compared to a month ago, if BTC crashes alts will moon this time, the only reason alts crash when btc crashes is if people sell their BTC into fiat...
if BTC crashes alts will moon this timeyeah, alts have crashed literally every time BTC crashed, but this time will be different for sure
RSI is shit if you don't multiply it by at least 4x periods.
And it doesn't work on less than 1h charts.
Q4 2017, still believing in meme bands and TA
$7300Sheeeit, I believed in OP's analysis.
donw worry we still have 15 min to finish the next 30min candle....its allready pretty red, if its bigger than the last green candle that would be engulfing candles - a very strong indicator of trend reversal, once its confirmed its gonna go down
At first I got scared, then I remembered I bought BCC 20 min ago and now I'm optimistic.
yeah i think they are gonna be pumping it again....
Sorry anon BTC brand is too strong to be killed anymore.
Just jump in and enjoy steady gains.
why did you cap a picture of an extremely bullish chart pattern near completion and say it was going down?you realize people sell RSI divergence, ie lower RSI on each high?
none of that is showing yet.
It's going to continue.
If this happens, do you think we'll get weeks of BTCuck trolling.
How bout those heavy bags, etc?
Ahhhh it was a bull flag
Good shit op.
Most excellent.
Hope you lost money.
Guys come heck this out, this is the living proof that TA doesn't work for prediction but only for entry points.
Thanks for the thread OP.
water is wet