Devs have spoken again.
Update occurred 1 minute ago.
GET IN NOW.
https://blog.request.network/request-network-project-update-november-10th-2017-a57193780ddf- Releasing platform early.
Q4 2017.
Why are you not all in???
Something better happen because im sick of getting JUSTed
Only ETH payment, lol.
"Such an oracle can be created through partnerships (i.e.
SWIFT/ChainLink, many others will come), with tokenized version of these currencies or with a "BUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUY
In the near future, instead of using a third party, you’ll create your request directly on the blockchain which will enable a seamless payment experience.
This process carries a number of benefits:It will be cheaperIt will be more secure because you won’t share your financial informationIt will be easier to pay, thanks to the blockchain interoperability between the payee app and the payer appAnd this is just the beginning; Request builds upon this concept even further.Request works with every currencyRequest enables accounting in real timeRequest improves financial audit with smart algorithms on the blockchainMost interesting is the fact that Request allows machines to pay each other within a standard frameworkThe network consists of 3 layers.
The core layer includes the most fundamental smart contracts used to create and detect payment requests.
The extensions layer adds taxation and business rules.
Finally, the application layer allows financial organizations to access invoices and facilitate payments.The bottom line is that not only do we know how to implement such a process, but we have already created a working prototype.
Our team has been working on payment networks and blockchain since 2014, and we are backed by ING bank and the YCombinator which provide valuable advice.
>What is the status on the oracle question?
Is Request Network going to be using a decentralized oracle network like ChainLink or a centralized one like Oraclize?
Is there any reason why Request wouldn’t go with decentralized oracles?>Oracle security is really important.
At the moment ChainLink decentralized oracles seem like a good solution.
We are in regular contact with them.I just jizzed my pants
To make it big you have to take risks about which coins you think have upside potential.
I'm willing to risk it all on this one.
I literally went all in and am in the top 100 hodlers.
I don't see any better coins out there for several reasons:>Professional team - doesn't fuck around trying to create false hype like OMG, but are instead doing regular updates and recognise the need to be on more exchanges even though they believe DEXs are the future.
They also stated that anyone could DM a team member if they had questions/concerns about the project.>They already have a product and clients - check out moneytis.com, the team has stated that they all clients currently using moneytis will be transferred over to request.
They have also stated that no more time is being spent on moneytis, all time is being spent on request.>Their project is needed.
This is auto auditing and accounting, and opens up a whole new way to pay, rent and get paid using continuous invoicing.
Think about if you're on a salary at work, then every second more money will be going into your account, and money will be coming out for rent, electricity, phones, car repayments, etc.
You won't have to worry about getting large bills and finding the money.>They have a roadmap on how to get companies and governments to use their platform to port their tax systems over to through incentives bounties and taking a large cut of the fees ran through the contracts they create.>They are backed and funded by ING and Ycombinator and they aren't able to tell us the details of either partnership as of yet.>A portion of the tokens used as fees are burnt, and they have stated their will be an opportunity for staking after plasma/casper are implemented.
Honestly, you guys have no clue.
You don't even know how big REQ will be.
By this time next year, your life will change dramatically, and for the better.All you have to do is keep holding.
And buy more, while you can.
These prices are a gift, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
We found out about this way too early.
It will be so surreal when you start seeing this in advertisements on television, and on fliers in banks, and when you hear famous news anchors mention it by name.You will feel a genuine sense of pride.
This is what it looks like to buy in the early stages, before it's on anyone else's radar.
This is what it looks like to do your due diligence.
This is what it means to invest in a big thing before it's big.
You will make it.
So i need to get some chainlink too?
Did you even read?
First iteration (Colossus) is Eth and next iteration will include the other major blockchainsThis is going to finally make OmiseGo fucking do something cuz Competition is a hell of a drug.
Holding both atm but OMG bags are heavy
Damn that Q&A was sexy.
Their vision on the project is fucking amazing.
I like ambitious and this is going places if they can deliver and they will.
Thank you God for giving me the opportunity to buy REQ at such a low price
I bought 3.5k yesterday and I am going to buy more when i get paid again from my shitty wagecuk job
>REQ -11.5%>BUY MY BAGS PLS
Wow there is a single sentence among that which many people will overlook the significance of.
Im not going to spell it out for you if you didnt catch it but holy shit you want to be buying up this cheap req.
REQ IS PUMPING OFF THE NEWS!!!
why is it down though
Hint nigga.
Man if this update doesn't get you hyped for the future of this project I don't even know what will.
The current price is completely irrelevant- the result of people chasing short-term pumps more than anything else.
If the team keeps working well and hitting project milestones it's guaranteed to become absolutely fucking massive.
Request has decentralized KYC and AML endpoints.
I was fucking impressed.
I already had a bit of Request but I had no idea of the scope of this thing!
REQ will eat OmiseGO market
ING and YC are early backers and advising us frequently.
There is no partnership or proof of concept going on at the moment.
We discuss often and share the same interest in the space.YC made us part of an important and strong network of more than 1,000 startups.
They also advise us and we are regularly in touch with them.We entered YC with Moneytis and like many other startups from our batch, we started pivoting there.
They focus on teams more than ideas, more info here: https://www.ycombinator.com/howtoapply/.About ING, we had a meeting this month, will have another next month.
We share common interests and we will see if the executive dpt of ING is interested in working with Request in the future.
Whatever was happening with bitcoin and bitcoin cash would be my guess
 pls hint
What the absolute fuck
If you can't recognize textbook accumulation then there is no helping you
this.
This is second to none the most professional project in the cryptosphere.
Its a breath of fresh air in a sea of ICO scams and skateboard stickers.
you guys are fucking delusional, acting like Request is a done deal and will rival PayPalthey are just one of thousands of startups, please understand that
4282503Congratulations.
You are going to get REQ FUD threads purely to FUD Link by proxy.
Its civic guys lmao, that pajeet will make you rich
"ING and YC are early backers and advising us frequently.
There is no partnership or proof of concept going on at the moment.
"aka they dont have shit.
We are pumping REQ.
https://discord.gg/XEmadRR
Even the LINK FUDders know that ChainLink is legit.
Its just the memes from both sides are great
BUY REQ IF YOU LIKE MONEYITS THE FUTURELINK IS DEAD LONG LIVE REQ
Get your stinking pajeet hands off our legitimate coin
REQ is pumping itself mate
To sum up, you may want to consider getting in on an OMG type project prior to it mooning.
everyone understands that you moron
YC doesn't "partner" with anyone.
They were early backers of CoinBase and Twitch and Reddit but they were never "partners."
Thats a legal term you don't want to fuck around with.
They literally are major early investors, which is the realstionship between YC, ING, and REQ is so important.
Believe me, you want YC involved in your project.A G G R E S S I V E
>Is Request actively pursuing new exchanges?
Is there an ETA on new exchanges?The confidentiality policies we have with exchanges are important to us and we want to respect them.
We know how important exchanges are to the Request ecosystem and we will keep paying attention to them for the long-term vision of the project.
We won’t comment more on exchanges.what exchange requires NDA?
bittrex confirmed
Na, I single handedly made it jump .3% and then dumped that disgusting shit after getting my 5%


This is art.
I DUMPED ALL MY OMG BAGS AGES AGO.HEAVY SHIT ASSED BAGS
Guys this is the clearest example of a pajeet's daily cycle:>Pump a coin with paper thin sell orders by 0.3%>Feel good, jumps on biz to brag >Cashes out after a 5% gain>Goes and dumps a disguting shit in the streetWE DON'T NEED YOU HERE YOU SMELLY DOG
Sold my REQ after it went above ICO.
Why?>We will have payments using 0x.>We will have invoices using Aragon.>We will have oracles using Chainlink.>We will have identity using Civic.So this coin is just going to be a bunch of shitcoins thrown together?
>missing out on two moonmissions because poorfaglife is unfair
oh shit we taking off again
Good job I bought in this morning at 830 sats.
Now ready for takeoff.
I thought you liked money though.No need to be emotionally invested in a coin like a woman.
It's almost like making use of many different protocols is a bad thing!Nice try though fuckwit, why did you invest in the first place then LOL
How many REQ does everyone hold?
not bad.
These REQ bags gonna take me to the moon
Yeah but u would still waste your low capital chasing shills and p an d
How many REQ does everyone hold?around 410k~ won't give any exact #s to not reveal my wallet
wow, that was a fucking great read.
thank go i decided to put 65% of my shit into req at 14k.
very professional and humble.
aggressive
If this didn't sell you on REQ then you may be braindead.
let's not use the tools available and work on our own stuff for three years before releasing anything.
re u fucking retarded?
my body is ready
fkn get in now on binance guys its pumping like crazy
k, I'm going to wait a year and see where it's at.
copypasta straight from the rebbit page Thanks shill, just sold 100k
what is real world adoptionSurely normies will use all those services one by one instead of a single one that gives them all the same benefits..
k, i would go all in but seeing all the movement of your portfolio based on a single coin is too stressful for me.
ramsay gets devoured by dogs>theon lives and becomes decently badass againjust bought 100k
Omisegoys on suicide watch
Feeling so /comfy/ knowing I'm gonna make it
YC made us part of an important and strong network of more than 1,000 startups.
They also advise us and we are regularly in touch with them.
I've got nearly 30k as well, do we have enough?
How many would I need to get now to have 'fuck you!'
money is 2 years?
I am officialy all in.
~480k req reporting in.
It's a project m8.
2k USD is decent investment.
Don't go overboard unless you really want to.
Sell the newsRequest is actually trying to be a Crypto PayPal which aro7nd a 900billion cap and is highly unlikely given the team sizeThis is why it's only at a 40m capIt will be unable to deliverRequest is trying to do too much and the market knows it will failLook at a team like OMG they have a omisego backing them and are likely to deliver a product because of that
theon lives on as decently badasswhat world do you live in?
Not like Paypal was developed by a couple dudes eating ramen noodles with no support or anything.2018 - Req Network for payments and OMG for transfers, both will do very well
This is wrong, but I'll admit this was my mentality when I did the ICO.If you actually read the updates, you can see that Request is DELIVERING.
They're ahead of schedule, and with the UI screenshots today, I'm officially out of OMG and all-in Request.
Top 30 holder here, feeling pretty good.
Of course there's a little risk going so ham but I think this is a risk I'll gladly take anyday.Loving the teams transparency.
No hype tweets.
No fake partnerships.
Just truth.
dude it's delivering the frst parts Q4 2017.Plasma is still just an idea and wont be here for atleast another year.what is the best option for investment when you know these things?
Paypal's start wasn't all that different.Also worth noting that the most valuable company in the world started with LESS people running it out of a garage.So lol @ ur fud
This is the new OmiseGo.
They'll hire more team members
170k reqlet reporting in
don't worry the mostly incompetent team will somehow buy more competent people.LMAOyou have low standards
REQ is a good project yes, but constantly saying this that it is the new OmiseGO just shows that the investors don't know much about REQ at all, and couldn't give a rats ass about what projects do as long as they bring in money.Instead of comparison, why not just see it as a project on its own; you clearly doubt it if you need to hype it up by putting it next to Omise, and we all know the shitty period OmiseGO is going to go through because of its 90% hype 10% action business model.
i feel poor with only 100k req.
Did you just call the Req team incompetent?
Read this guys posts, confirmed pajeet lol.
What a ridiculous FUD.
Try again.
"we all know the shitty period OmiseGO is going to go through because of its 90% hype 10% action business model.
"underrated post

Did great gains with omg.
How much gains are people getting from REQ?
fags with their 900 sell wall
Bought in at 0.000117 after watching it for months so... 70% roughly.
I rode it from $3 to $12, good stuff.
But honestly it's going to take a while for it to even try contest ATH again lol
You should probably own both.
You know, since REQ just said they are planning on using LINK?
lets say they release a working product that does what they're describing in their updatehow much would req be worth?
to my knowledge it would be one of the few "working" tokens out.would it (even with its limited features) be worth more than BAT?
REQ, LINK, and RLC for the ultimate trinity, plus some SALT as a hefty hefty bonus.
Yes, but I did see this - not official partners yet, just backers, so it means they are also scoping out REQ and haven't fully comitted.
"ING and YC are early backers and advising us frequently.
There is no partnership or proof of concept going on at the moment.
We discuss often and share the same interest in the space.
""About ING, we had a meeting this month, will have another next month.
We share common interests and we will see if the executive dpt of ING is interested in working with Request in the future."
lol, he is actually a salty OMG'er.
bagholding that coin til wallet sdk.
rip him
Depends on the network adoption and network, but think big.
Several B.
Easy.
Network (transaction) volume*
https://blog.request.network/omisego-vs-request-network-a-detailed-analysis-779d1f66675bomisego and request are not direct competitors
>no blockchain>no product>no wallet>no staking>the coin is literally worthlessepic
I have only 6k REQ, will I make it?
Nooby crypto trader here.
Just put 30 USD down.
Should I go higher?
more 0s and that's me right now
uh that is like most alts right now, and nah the token actually has uses but hey missed the ride might as well be a bitch about it!
FUD better, pajeet, or you're getting fired
missed the ride?I invested 10 ETH @ ICO, dumped yesterday on you pajeetsWhat of my points is FUD?
You dumped at barely a break even?
Lol stay poor...
I put 30 ETH into this at the low point after ICO.
Only up from here poor boy.
you enjoy your couple hundred dollar profit?lmfao fucking pussies i swear
You put 30,000 USD on this?You have brass balls m8.
4283495Hope this shit is satire
Either it works out or not.
Who cares right?
You unironically call your 10 ETH an 'investment'?
What's wrong with you lol
'>no blockchain>no product>no wallet>no staking>the coin is literally worthless'Proceeds to invest, but nice 10 eth 'dump'...I guess?
Congratulations for breaking even my man.
4283553
I'm a poorfag compared to you.
Props man.
I hope to be in your position someday.
"Q.
What stops the team from not delivering?
Monetha made big claims during their ICO too.
We all know where it is now, nowhere.
I don’t think we’ll be seeing anything of them anymore too.
What stops REQ from going the same path?
Answer - We want to execute well.
We have a fantastic track record of delivery and are used to working together.
This is one of the main reasons why YCombinator decided to invite us to their program (according to them).
In addition, there is no barrier left to overcome to deliver Colossus.
"Ycombinator, the world's number 1 startup incubator INVITED Request network to their program.
If you don't understand how BIG a thing this is, I won't even bother explaining.Stay poor plebs, this is why most of you wont make it since you wont realise anything, and buy some shitty oracles.
wow, this is an actual alt coin not a shit coin like 90% of the coins on biz...
Must be hard coping with being poor, sorry brother.
My thoughts are that at least this coin will moon at some point even if it ultimately fails.
So I'll try to get my initial investment back and then let it ride.
I'm tracking ETH address on ED and some of them are making a lot of small buy
after watching it for months Kek, it has not even been trading for a monththe absolute state of /biz/
YC is extremely aggressive
Request Network has existed for longer than that you absolute retard.
this
this

Wenn do we recover from this shithole?
REQ has srly the wirst perfomance of all the shitcoin out there.
Monetha