>Bitcoin.com is currently being DDOSed.The big banksters really don't want BCH to succeed, but we will show them!!
Unless some whale does some magic shit and pumps this shit to 0.4 in the next hour I don't think so
Why would that fucking matter for the market pushing BCH back up?
Pump it to at least .23 so I can get out.I'm tired of holding this piece of trash
Anyone who bought BCH deserves to lose all their money, sorry.
Thanks for setting the market back half a year faggots.
Thanks for setting the market back half a year faggotsthe irony of this coming from corecucks, you kike banksters set the market back for years
Same way they ddosed Bithumb and stopped the pump because they couldn't stop it any other way.
The pump will happen again don't worry.
big banks are behind Bitcoin Cash, dumbasses.it's a destabilization of bitcoin.
this, in addition to the fact that /biz/ has been plagued with shareblue-tier pajeet shills the past few days, is proof that (((core))) is scared out of their wits
 satoshis have been deposited into your accountexcellent work, comrade
so what happens when BCH takes over?
Is everyone who lost money on the og and most stable crypto going to just go oh damn we were wrong let's redo all this infrastructure into a coin that faces the same issues
BCH takes over>all normies in unison walk out of the crypto markets>"I just like can't trust it anymore...">everything crashes 99% not even tethers could save it years later>LN is finally released>Finally gets renamed from LN futures back to S1X>pumps up to 10k>saves crypto single handedly We did it boys
GOOD!
I wish i could help
pretty much , BCH re-taking the Bitcoin name and restoring Satoshi's coin to the #1 spot will be a moral and economic victory, because normies fleeing the crypto space will give us all more time to accumulate and for the tech (graphene, lightning, etc) more time to mature
Core isn't getting graphene
4351913I don't see why ETH wouldn't just bubble up in that case.
trump vs hillary>trump gets sworn in>all normies in unison walk out of the inauguration>"I just like can't trust this anymore...." days later>Rallying support behind Jill Stein>she starts consuming the votes>trump terrified>koreans all in unison switch votes>trump gets kicked out of office>jill stein is now president
flush incoming for Btrash holders -
ETH has it's own problems though.Remember ETC?And just recently with ETH having problems with smart contracts f'ing up, there is talk of hard forking AGAIN to fix the issue and reclaim the funds.
Yeah, but they've set the precedent that they are much more forceful with hard forking and getting support for it than core is.
Thanks for setting the market back half a year faggots.y-you have to play by m-my rules in crypto
how do you know its under a DoS attack?
Protip.
Read the recommendations of high traffic bitcoin news sites.
They're mostly behind BCH.
That's where the fagot moneys going to go.
Ask yourself what is the huffington post of BCH --- and then follow what it recommends at the right times.
The more and more newbs get into this the more you need to know where they're being told to go, and then get in early enough.
When I saw bch shills on homepage of telegraph I knew to get in @ 
I feel like I only ever see core supporters talking about where newbies should go.
Almost like they are trying to trick anyone who's actually new.