We're All Going To Make It EditionRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Top 100 Robinhood stocks:https://i.imgur.com/IvGznaV.jpgPremarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread 
Yes, yes we are anon.
drys
I have $8 to throw away.
Invest in LODE?
my nigga georgie putting in work

Yes.
Tomorrow is the day.
Worth 8 bucks just for entertainment.
Got one for Fitbit?
It's 12.03 now, going to 12.20 before dipping doesn't seem worthwhile to tie money into.
What am I missing?
absolutely notit's getting reverse split soon.
no survivorsr/s doesn't mean free money you tard.
it goes up because shares are combinedthere will be a huge selloff from actual investors holding the stock tomorrow.
the greek stocks were different because they're run by sketchy pump and dumpers
I'm waiting for earnings in ALB, the Lithium stock, today after market close.
I bought a position in cmg (chipotle) two weeks ago.
Up fractionally.
Buy low, sell high, predictably?
god damn those cookies look good as fuck
Guys, ill echo what the recent AMRS guy has been saying.
AMRS is going to corner a projected 40 billion dollar market.millions have been spent on shorting AMRS betting on its failure, but the last year they have turned everything around and will thrive instead of go bankrupt.in other words, shorts are fucked and this can sky sooner than later.Yesterday the ER was delayed a week due to a brand new partnership.the AMRS guy before said buy as much as you can and hold at least a few years, he's in 22k, im in 13k now myself.
Yeah they were pretty good.
I didn't say it would be free money.
Where did you even get that from?
I said if you want to play with 8 bucks, tomorrow would be the day.oh and SPI was sketchy as fuck and it turned out well.
Do you have a good method of figuring out when to sell doing those little swings?
Like when it hits 12.20 do you have a limit order in place?
Still need a Pandora wojak.
4251733Everything is doing shitty today, except for your digits.
PLNT and MBIA are rocking it today.
hwkns.
they make chemicals buy some shares.
I was just trying to make them feel better.
I made a bunch on the SPI meme today.
Debating whether or not to buy back some now at a low but it might just keep sinking back down....
Whenever I actually make money on a meme I have a rule to not even look at it for a few weeks after I sell so I don't do something retarded like buy back in just based on hype.
Just for you /rgt/
I'll take that advice.
PLNT makes me wonder what to buy after the new year to benefit from "New Years Resolutions"
Kek'd saved
jej
I dunno but I shorted the shit out of both MBIA and PLNT today, there seems to be a trend lately of stocks shooting up the day after earnings just to drop like a rock the next day (see WTW today, MTW a couple of days ago, GE a couple of weeks ago).
Ayyy, you're MTWbro?
I made 10% on that, just sold it.
I've been having the opposite though for most stuff.
SHOP and BABA fucked me pretty good during earnings, despite good performance.
What's the thoughts on square?
Yeah, I picked up MTW about a month ago and mentioned it here a couple of times, sold when it spiked to $10 a few days before earnings.
I'm glad you made some good gains off it too even holding it through earnings.
I didn't play SHOP but got in on BABA before earnings at an average price of $183.65 so I'm still profitable with it as of now.
This earnings season has been all over the place.
I'm just hoping that big fish are cashing out of MBIA and PLNT right now selling into the hands of retail investors who are just buying on news and that it'll all come crashing down tomorrow.
lode seems like a good dip
Lmao
Who got me beat so far?
Why do you think earnings have been so weird?
Is it a time of year thing?
I'm new to stocks.
It seems their value is as determined by feelings as it is performance.
Why those commissions pal
A lot of trades and options fees are real expensive
>TOPSat 1.10 now?
Should I buy the Dip?
Nice.
the dipanon that shit was like 40 cents a week ago
This guy who has an unrealized loss of 15k from buying Pandora.
I cut my losses.
looking at the history my interpretation is that it pumps.
dies and keeps dying until R/S
I thought he went all in on dcix on monday though and recovered all of it?
Shheeit!!!!!
I have day trades available.
You get the award for most cucked by your broker.
When I log in there used to be a brokers name and phone number for direct contact on my dashboard.
They removed it from mine atleast.
I don't know if it's because they want nothing to do with a meme trader or what?
There's another anon here using etrade for the margin trades.
His fee's have to be up there with mine.
I’m looking forward to seeing what happens with LTBR next week
 
HELP!!!
!Should I hold TOPS til tomorrow or waste a day trade.
I am scared, I thought 1.05 was the bottom and 1.07 is my avg.
kek
Stock is a joke.
It's has no actual catalyze outside if ings.
They had patent approval twice and it didn't move.
All aboard the TRXC moon mission tomorrow, not a meme!
pretty gud
I’ve liked it for the tight ranges its kept for a while.
I made a killing on the last two patent announcements, but it might be destined for a reverse split unless they actually get going with their tech
ALL IN ON THIS ONE
Someone yesterday said XXII earnings was today but I haven't seen it in my app?
Anyone know?
ITS GONNA RECOVER RIGHT?
R-RIGHT MOM??
Not with a decent brokerage they aren't.
What does your broker charge you to buy/sell/write/exercise options?
What does your broker charge you to buy/sell 100 shares?
You're delusional if you think you aren't getting fucked.
That's me, I think I'm over $500 in commissions since September, I should've just kept my Interactive Brokers account and learned to live with their shitty phone app and I would've been under $100 in fees and commissions for the same trades.
Oh well.
If I hire someone to do my taxes at the end of the year, how do I get the information out of Robinhood?
Looks like they have some export feature for Turbotax, but is there just a document I give to my taxman?
Nothing announced but estimated to be nov 14.
Show me on the doll where they touched you anon.
Seriously though, what fucked you this week?
Thanks senpai.
Where do you get this info?
All abord the TRXC!
Choo choo mother fuckers!
4252837Why not trade meme stocks on Robinhood and then just use that overpriced shit for buying stuff you can't on RH?
There will be a document to submit as well as a ledger of all your buys/sells that the taxman will need.
>tfw your disneyland short is actually working out
What did u buy
Does he have to manually enter all those?
Or does it just give a breakdown that is used?
all of my stock trades are 4.95.
I have unlimited day trades because im classified as day trader.
After hours/pre market trades are 6.95.
1000 shares or more is 9.95 AH/PM.
options are scaled 1=5.95 10=$59 1000=$595
Because I don't have enough play money to split it up into 2 accounts that both have over $25k in them.
how many day trades do you get?
Are we getting memed on?
Do your research, this is the only other robotically assisted surgical interface on the market in 17 years
Every trade has to be entered somehow, along with the dates they were made to determine profits and whether or not that trade would be considered long term or short term gains.
Whether or not your taxman can just import a file directly into his software or has to enter all the info manually (don't worry, he'll be paying some intern near minimum wage to do your return anyways) depends on his software and what format Robinhood uses to export tax info.
Nasdaq.com/earnings/report/xxii
If you enable a margin account you get 3 day trades per 5 business days.That is SEC law, though.
You can avoid that by disabling the margin account (funds will take longer to settle) or by having more than $25,000 in your margin account
I hope.
I'm down like 2500 on it.
If it goes up enough for me to make money, I'm not touching it again.But it won't because the company can't sell shit
Wait you're telling me you're bagholding this shit already??
I fucking hate getting meme'd on!
You really need to consider interactive brokers.
You are getting fucked badly for no good reason.
Also, your broker is probably selling your orders to the HFTs so you're getting fucked there too.
It's your money.
Do as you will.
It takes 3-6 quarters for hospitals to purchase it after the initial lease for training and then trials and they just got fda clearance a month ago.
Itll be a while before we hear of sales to American hospitals, but the moon will be due to foreign buyers awaiting FDA clearance, and leases to American hospitals.
It was up to 6 dollars a couple weeks ago after fda.
I bought a lot in the 4 dollar range.
I'd love to buy more at this lower stage, but I don't believe in it.
What changed for you between a couple weeks ago and now?
That's why you should always wait for it to go down, right after companies go through FDA clearance.
It did.
Then it kept making a new day low.
What was your entry into Netflix?
I'm mad I missed $100 to $150, but I didn't miss $150 to $200.
I got 6 shares haha thanks
If it goes up 400% in one day, it always goes back down to the initial launchpad.
NAK making a comeback
HELP!!!!
0.83 WTF REEEEEEEEEEEE
It's a penny stock, what did you expect?
Im taking my ball and going home for a few daysM-maybe my portfolio will be better if I leave it alone for a while
Anon, just sell it if you can't take the pressure.
Either wait for it to pump again or sell.
Holding isn't the only choice.
I sold mine at 1.09. after buying at 2.38 today.
eat the loss on taxes and put it into something long term hold for a year and sell for cap gains rate.
im new to stocks and robinhood in generalwhat is the most easy and garunteed way to make money on this thing with an investment of about 1000 dollars?
buy high sell low

Find promising meme stock>go all in>??
?>profit
anon i have a promising stock for you.
let me tell you....
yeah i can just find some cheap stock and buy a ton of it and if it goes up even a little i maek lots of monni
Jcp
It seems so easy doesn't it?
Buy $botz, uninstall the app and come back 2 years later if you don't want to meme trade
Leave /biz/ now and put that money in your 401k
Just buy VOO and come back in a year.
Same advice for you.
Buy VOO and come back in a year.
I think the trick is to buy the tickets on the rockets before they come in for re-entry.
When you feel it's coming in for re-entry you have to jump off the rocket and catch another one.
agreed, the trick is to time the market.
easy enough
THIS
4253697Catching the falling rock is a great strategy.If it looks like it's rock bottom, it probably is.
Ever heard the term too big to fail?If you have stock it's true and the companies recover quickly
Anyone buy HOG with me yesterday?
Seeing decent gains today.
No man, I'm saying you get the gappers and ride them up, and ditch them when they run out of steam for another runner.
Is this the tale of how BagholderExtraordinaire got his game?
*name
I realize a lot of losses, but a lot more gains.
I am not a burger.
Are there other app I can use?
A rope
>roku
wat

PSDV moon mission is in the planning stages.
Lets see what we can learn about this piece of shit meme.
VIVEIVE120% growth quarter over quarter
Is there a good way to predict when people do shakedowns?I've had my stop losses hit because if faggot manipulators, but I don't want to run without stop losses on high volitility shitWhat do you guys do?
>tfw bought zynga last night>two shares
Did you sell WB and SINA?
WB hit ATH today and SINA should be following.
I have so much fucking seething hatred for robinhood blocking Blike what the fuck, i lost 50% of my unrealized gains in the past 2 days and theres nothing i can do about it.
No dup buying and no selling because i cant buy back inFuck you slimy fucks
Bac+b i mean
FUCKING KEK...
Thanks for that
I ride Jap motorcycles and don't really like Harleys.
The company has also been in a strong downtrend since Nov 2016 while the rest of the economy has been booming, that's a pretty bad sign in my book, I don't see a miraculous recovery being right around the corner.Of course, I could be completely wrong and this might be the pivot point, who knows.
Its on a downward trend though...
Wew, thank God I didn't short that shit.
No telling what it'll do after opening bell tomorrow though.
This isn't a long term hold.
Just a swing up and sell.
Just set reasonable stops and accept that there are bigger fish out there who will move the price one way or another just to trigger stops of small frys like you.
That's part of the game.
You could've just sold at $1.50 when it was stagnating there for a few days, realized all those gains, and moved your money into other shit instead of crying about it like a little bitch.
Or you could use a real broker and pay fees and commissions for the privilege of trading shit like warrants, options, futures, etc.
Ah, gotcha.
Good luck then, what's your exit target?
you're throwing that money away, i had 4k in amy and it turned into 2k overnight and then 1k the following week, all while i slept
Hey guys how's LODE doing?
Shut the fuck up pussy don't ever message me again
not using RH
Why would you invest in such a random shit company?
I watch/swing trade HOG.
I'm currently looking for a better entry point.
We still doing good
How much did you start out with on RH anon?
tfw I was close to you a month ago >then I became a Pandora wojak
I just started trading like shkreli has taught for last 90 days.
I have been investing in bluechips and getting lucky for years, investing based on zero knowledge or anything.Pic related is shreklis classes as a result.
Keep in mind however that the market has been quite good too.
$DRYS$TOPS$DCIXThe holy trinity of gains.
;)
Around 49.
I folllow the biz masterclass of throwing money into whatever penny stock has the most anons posting "MOON" or "LAMBO"
Ton of people here do this actually.
I don't know who shkreli is, but I think you are doing fine.
3-5% a month with your starting stack turns into serious money quickly.
I'm sure you've done the math.
And, it can be done with reasonably low risk.
Did you think I was joking faggot
N-n-no..
I suggest you do so because you sound new.
Watch all his investing videos.
shrekili is an autistic fuckboy with only an 10% return
and your gains are only OK because you have a lot of money in your account.
nothing to brag abouti'd be impressed if you were up at least 20-30% for the last 3 months
I mean they are decent for 90 days, but I don't see how you can get 20-30% unless you have some golden picks or you just take huge risk in penny shit
Are they all on youtube?Is there a playlist?
Yes all on YouTube and several people have made playlists