Wait untill this moons, then we see who has the last laugh ;)Not me cuz I sold mine weeks ago xDDD
K Link locked away in a place I can't reach for several months.
I'm holding whether I like it or not.
>Don't buy link>Instead, just wait and if it moons, immediately invest in hotpockets and anime figs>newly minted NEET millionaires funnel money back to you>All the reward, none of the riskFind a flaw.
I have 37k LINK and I'm gonna be so rich, it's not even funny.
4495882#4CHNallday
absolutely only the strongest of hands and/or cold-tempered whales will be holding it by then.
I am trying to imagine any small player or someone new to crypto still holding this and I can't.
the one major plus that could help short term is getting listed on a new exchange.
poloniex/bittrex/kraken is probably a pipe dream but even something like cryptopia could provide a spark.
as it stands LINK is still pretty inaccessible to normies.
etherdelta is out of the question and Binance is pretty off-putting if you're not used to sending 5+ figures of magic internet money to a website with the grammar level of a chinese restaurant menu
How many LINK should I buy to be a millionaire?
,000 LINKs
"How many links should I buy to go broke asap"
Why wouldn't this be listed on bittrex when bitbean is?
token listings stopped at a certain point it seems like, people have speculated SEC cracked down on them or they are just cautious
I’m both new to crypto and a small player and am still comfy holding 26k.
Stay poor or whatever you seasoned crypto fags say
chn is garbo lollll
Oh linkies.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie