>New all time lows from whale shakedown>Solid dev teams>Whales accumulating>Deeper partnership discussions>Big news on the horizonWhy is no one talking about this?
Do you hate money?
Strap on lads, this rocket ship is fueling up for a moonboom this is your ticket out of wagecuckery get in or stay poor.
How heavy are your bags, Pajeet?
You're kidding right?
You have to admit.
If people were wrong about the scam, and joost does return next week, its an easy 10x
just bought 10000000 for $0.01thanks op
Obvious scamcoin, Pajeet cant sell his bags HAHAHAHAHA
GTFO PAJEET ENJOY YOUR ETERNAL BAGS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *inhales* AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
bittrex soon>palm beach next month>working product>it has real world use>this will go x10>moon mission confirmedwhy aren't you buying?
joost wasn't the guy behind it.
they just stole the identity of some college student who happened to be called joost
I got JUSTed a few days pay, not the end of the world but still sucks.
I feel bad for those who lost thousands.
There were people on the subreddit that said they invested nearly 100k.
lmao
There's talk of the project being taken over and completed so the tokens could be traded in for the new ones.
Same concept but actual real dev team this time.
id like to see this type of take over actually work.original scammers went away with ETH and BTC already.the new team will be working pro-bono hopefully maybe to break even one day.
4487837Why would any dev team do this rather than start a new project from scratch?
The ETH/BTC from the original crowdsale is gone, so who will pay the devs?
If they do it pro bono this is basically a charity project which donates a portion of its token supply to CFD holders.
k is a meme you gigantic faggot.
Did you just get here this month?
4487615448765944876974487776 Sweet quads!4487917>#4CHNallday
It's a good idea hence why people actually bought into it.
Why do you think it went x20 in price from ICO?
exactly.my point may not have been 100% clear.i dont see it working.
unless a CFD whale wants to recoup his investment.
so he's willing to put in his own time to devise a project, do an ICO and maybe do some sort of swap in the process.
but i havent heard of anyone pulling it off.
I understand the idea is good.
My question is, why would a dev team put in all the work of building it, and then give away tokens to CFD holders?
It makes no sense.
There's a few people who want to fund it already I believe.
We shall see.
POO
Dev team A: Invest in us and we'll build an escrow-based payment system.Dev team B: Invest in us and we'll build an escrow-based payment system, then give a percentage of the company's assets to victims of a scam because our business idea is the same as the one that tricked them.Which dev team do you think smart investors will give their money to?I totally agree the idea is great and I'm sure we'll see it come to fruition sooner or later, but CFD holders should not expect to gain anything from it.
When Amazon started selling pet supplies they didn't give pets.com shareholders a handout.It just occurred to me that you might be a CFD bagholder and I am poking holes in your last hope.
If so, my condolences.
good post