Found this on Weibo
DELET
toppest of keks
smart money only please, stop with the biz shilling
Protio get kanset u viltie pajeed
NEO is announcing exchange between NEP-5 and ERC-20 tokens.
sorry, exchange NEO between NEP-5 and ERC-20 tokens
>YFW
am I deluded hoping this is true?
Doesn't matter, the biggest take away over the last couple of days, that nobody is really talking about, is that projectICO is using NEO as it's platform now and promises to allow ICOs to be brought to the US and China.
Provided they're successful, NEO is guaranteed to eventually spike in value, and could potentially pass Ethereum given NEO based ICOs will reach markets that ETH based ICOs no longer can.https://www.reddit.com/r/NEO/comments/7dd3s0/ama_on_20_nov_projectico_a_us_based_turnkey_token/
Almost fucking shit my pants when I saw this, holding 80k LRC...
4469869>Doesn't matter, the biggest take away over the last couple of days, that nobody is really talking about, is that projectICO is using NEO as it's platform now and promises to allow ICOs to be brought to the US and China.
Provided they're successful, NEO is guaranteed to eventually spike in value, and could potentially pass Ethereum given NEO based ICOs will reach markets that ETH based ICOs no longer can.>https://www.reddit.com/r/NEO/comments/7dd3s0/ama_on_20_nov_projectico_a_us_based_turnkey_token/I still don't understand what's big about this.
These guys be just middlemen to help companies launch their ico.
Up until now we've had no shortage of icos and people haven't had trouble starting these so what problem are they solving?
Where is lrc 99 cents?
It's still only at 20 on binance.
If that's the case tell me where so I can get some arbitrage monies
Icos will need to be legally compliant in the future, these guys manage that kinda stuff
Again, they claim to be able to LEGALLY sell ICOs in places where they're otherwise banned, which is already sort of a big deal with the US and China being barred from investing in ICOs, but going forward it's entirely likely that more countries will probably restrict them, and if projectICO can find legal work arounds for those countries as well, they'll have carved out a niche market for themselves.
If I understand it right, this means that the only way for ICOs to be legally accessed in china will be thru NEO.
Sure, chinese users can currently use VPNs to buy them now, but this gives hesitant users legal authority to proceed in investing.
Future ICOs will want to release thru NEO just so they can have access to the Chinese market.This IS the regulation news, just released in a different way.
thanks for that
[–]edouardh -1 points 5 hours ago The big announcement will be tomorrow.
There has been a misunderstanding from the start about the news happening today.permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]elykquent 2 points 4 hours ago what gives you that impression?
are you thinking tomorrow at the swissnexchina conference or separately?permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]edouardh 0 points 4 hours ago The fact that it would be strange to make an announcement just the day before one of the biggest 2017 Neo events, instead of using this event to make the announcement.
And indeed I'm talking about Swissnex ;)
4470004 (You)>Again, they claim to be able to LEGALLY sell ICOs in places where they're otherwise banned, which is already sort of a big deal with the US and China being barred from investing in ICOs, but going forward it's entirely likely that more countries will probably restrict them, and if projectICO can find legal work arounds for those countries as well, they'll have carved out a niche market for themselves.I keep hearing that icos aren't allowed in the us, can someone confirm this?
I'm in the US and have been doing icos for a while now with no problem lol have yet to see any notice that I wasn't allowed
[–]edouardh -1 points 5 hours ago >The big announcement will be tomorrow.
There has been a misunderstanding from the start about the news happening today.>permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply>[–]elykquent 2 points 4 hours ago >what gives you that impression?
are you thinking tomorrow at the swissnexchina conference or separately?>permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply>[–]edouardh 0 points 4 hours ago >The fact that it would be strange to make an announcement just the day before one of the biggest 2017 Neo events, instead of using this event to make the announcement.
And indeed I'm talking about Swissnex ;)It's a panel discussion, it's not a neo news event.
Why would neo try to make this about them when it's clearly not?
this
they are authorised for accredited investors onlyyup i should have precised that (in relation to the lack of big announcement in other threads today)
kek
Might be, if there is wallet and Bittrex in December
From a comment by CoZ founder Fabio:"Loopring protocol is a great innovation over previous DEXs and the team is make by gentlemen.
That said we hope to be partners on cross-chain solution but NEX takes a different approach to solve some of the DEXs problems, and for that we are not going to be using Loopring protocol on our main product... have explained this many times before in slack.
NEX is starting as 100% NEO based and NEP5.1 will be at it's core, after this is in place we will integrate to ETH.
Loopring is a ETH solution first that latter integrate to NEO, so we will meet halfway and given our vision of crypto currency future (we are not maximalists) we hope to coexist in symbiosis to provide optimum liquidity on the networks.As you will see latter today, NEX is not just about DEX, it is a broader vision of decentralized financial solutions, where a DEX is the central component.
We realized by building up knowledge from the industry that the issue with exchanges currently is not a technology issue, it is a behavior issue - if users took of values as soon as they conducted trades no hacking would be so damaging, we will offer a technical solution for this behavior, by providing an experience that is familiar with the best of modern banking, but still retain the decentralized security."
Ofc.
NEX won't directly use LRC, but the project is tightly correlated and will work with ETH solutions.
Just bought €500 of LRC at around 2440ish...not sure why I did it to be honest as I don’t really know the technical details of it.
Should i just put a limit sell order now for at 4880ish?
Or is that unrealistic?
You deluded fucks keep chasing this 'news'.
Stop being in denial.
The news was the contest and whatever else bullshit they posted on Twitter.
Nothing else to see here.
Time to move on.
What news?
We discuss LRC here, not NEO.
They did not promise any huge announcements, it just has solid floor and lots of potential.