I'm building a website.
i want to add a bitcoin marketplace.How do i go about creating user wallets, verifying payments, transferring ownership/ permissions of virtual items?i can't really find what im looking for with google.i need examples of code to learn from.
Obviously i don't expect to find any shortcuts, but if anyone here has experience please point me in the right direction.
Do you have any programming experience to begin with?
fuck no.
I built a basic page.
im learning.
I'm working on accepting Ethereum payments on my webshop as well.
So I'm also kind of curious.
Might be a good idea to learn some programming.
Javascript, PHP, etc.
Maybe start by learning some code instead of thinking about money and trying to implement a payment system before having a decent page to begin with.
First learn to build full stack applications.
Try to create a general marketplace where people can trade fake items with imaginary money.I recommend Javascript using React and Redux for front end, Express for server-side route/API management.
I use PostGres for my database but I am open to the idea of there being better alternatives, considering Firebase atm.
especially php
are you fucking joking or what?if it was about money i'd pay someone to do it for me.I am creating a free marketplace with 0 fees.Users need to be able to trade freely between each other.
i'd pay someone to do it for me.That is what you're going to have to do unless you learn how to do some programming m8
You will pay $20k+ yearly to host the whole infrastructure without asking for any trade fees?
why would i need to pay 20k to host it?im not creating an exchange or an ebay type site.It will have only a few pages.
i expect no more than a couple of hundred users, that may grow into a couple of thousand.I wouldn't expect more than a couple of trades a day.
Do you know anything about data or bandwith etc.1000 trades/day is going to need some bandwith.
You are going to lose some money without asking fees.
react/redux seems to be the go.
Thanks
There wont be 1000 trades a day..maybe at the most, i could see 20?definitely not 1000 as there is limited marketable items.surely it can't use that much bandwidth?
yeah it won't be that big for a long time.
You'll probably do fine with free hosting from heroku or firebase
cuck