Congrats on this.
Seriously.
ETH will come out of this as the real winner tb h
Vitalik is a fucking dork.
He's just pissed because he got victimised as a child for being a fucking alien looking fiend.
If I saw him on the street I would shoulder barge him on purpose as we passed The fucking peak homo has never seen a cunt in his life
He looks like the cuck porno actor in the pornos people post on here, no joke
I'm sure he has looked in the mirror before Anon.
ok
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
If I saw him on the street I would shoulder barge him on purpose as we passedkek
he got bullied for being strange-looking>so I'm going to bully him too
Why are you acting like its out of his control?All he has to do is eat more.
How am I supposed to trust a guy who can't even maintain a remotely healthy diet?
He's worth what?
300 mil?
And he can't get someone to cook for him?
Or someone to make sure he is eating a solid diet?
Or even failing that, one of those meal plans where they just send you the meals weekly with the correct calories, etc?Guy looks like he's on hard drugs but he isn't, he's just a fucking slovenly moron
Being skinny is healthy you fat american.
People who eat less lives longer
have you concerned that's on an entirely different level than you brainlets?he's enlightened, he has no concern for such early addictions such as stuffing yourself with mcburgers
Being underweight significantly decreases life expectancy, you fucking retard.
I'm not saying be an obese ameriburger, but don't look like you're on hard drugs either.
Being extremely underweight because you're too lazy to break old habits is laughable
Someone please post the money skeleton watching BTC suck BCH up it's ass while saying this
Don't get mad, get even.My tactic is perfect.I induce an unsolvable cognitive dissonance in him by being both heavily invested in ETH but also regularly tweet and post bullshit on the subreddit saying how I couldn't give a fuck about his shitty technology and he needs to work harder to make me richer.That way he cannot help but make cunts like me richer.how edgy is this out of 10
To all the BCH believers, Congrats on this.
Seriously.
k
Not a Cash shill in sight though.
Place is deserted for the past hour.
they are waiting for the PUMP in 5+ Hours to Shill as many of us out of our ALT Earnings as possible when they Dump.
AnonymousSTFU wimpy
Congrats on your multi billion dollar pump n dump.
Seriously.
Some people can never gain weight because of their metabolism.
HAHAHAHAHAaaaaaaaaaaahAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAYeah, they manage to break the laws of physics right?
Shut the fuck up retard.
Calorines in, calories out.
Simple as.
There is no such thing as a "fast metabolism" unless you're seriously ill, then the least of your issues will be diet.
I guarantee he eats like once a day and snacks on utter junk garbage and thinks "I eat a lot man" You're either a fat fuck who is denying reality, or you're a skinny fuck who can't break bad habits
It's true anon the difference between a fast and low metabolism is around 150 calories.
Think twice before being such a gigantic body shaming bigot.
Not everyone takes in the same amount of calories.
Metabolism also decides how much your body absorbs from what you eat, some fatass might absorb a full 1000 calories from a burger a skeleton might only absorb 500 and shit the other 500 out.
HAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAaahahahahhahaha>t.
"I'm fat because I break the laws of physics" Kill yourself fat fuck.
You're fat because you eat too much.
You're skinny because you eat too little.
He is an embarrassment to Slavs.
Hope some Russian Ultras murder him
You're 100% certified retarded if you think every human is the same.
Thank you money skelly.
you have the best bones.
Even with your retarded (wrong) logic.>my body is 100% efficient and i absorb 1000 calories from the food>I get fat>if i eat 500 calories worth of food i absorb 500>I'll lose weight because I'm eating half the calories>magic
Yeah, even all the stuff about how fat people a lower metabolci rate.
It's not true.Fat has a very low/ nonexistent metabolic rate, it doesnt utilize anything.
So BMR is caulcated by using fat free weight; it's pointless not too.Biz's endo registrar here.
We get it alot too.That being said, there is a genetic componenet.
The people of Nauru are extremely obese, over 50% of people are heavily obese, with around 22% being morbidly.
Polynesians gain weight better than most.
But yeah, even our endo doctor said unless you're heavily compromsied with something like PKU where you can pretty much only eat fat and simple carbs, its all waffle.Im bored rn so I if anyone has any questions on hormones, pituitary gland, thyroid gland, hypothalmus, etc.
Hit me up.
You okay anon?
Lmao at this turbo meltdown
yuropoor
oh my god, I'm a fucking retard: the postcalories out CHANGES MASSIVELY depending on your metabolism
434917943491954349229Nah, there is probably a difference yeah, but that difference is at most 200 calories give or take.
You fat fucks/skellies are just making excuses.
What next?
You have something wrong with your thyroid?
Hahahahahah
Look at em, he's having a lil meltdown
What?
I agreed with you you moron.
I lift regularly, not overweight at all lol.I had said that fat people dont have a lower metabolic rate, as BMR is calculated using fat free mass, ass fat doesnt metabolize anything.
I'm an endocrinology registrar ffs lol.
Typical ADD biz I swear
Swear words means hes mad!t.
Sensitive bitchI was just replying to all to save timeBut yeah, most relatively /fit/ people know the deal because that bullshit doesnt fly
Oh no worries then :)
>TFW you just heard from your mining buddies that they're still not switched over but have every intention to just as soon as the liquidate their 200,000 bitcoins across kraken, bittrex, binance, and hitbtc.
M E L T D O W N
Nice thickness anon - no homo.
You're my goals in 2 years.
I leaned out a lot but now I need size.Natty or nah?
Could just be a good pwo pump pic.
Thanks man.
Yeah fully natty.
I work in endo, so I know the massive repercussions of any endogenous hormones.
Plus I dont wanna go bald lol.And yeah you nailed it, decent pump and natty lighting ;)Just stay lean and do it slow brah, dont go above 12%.
Its not worth losing your face gains over.
What the fuck is this thread about?
I like to just lurk and read the replies for context clues instead of just asking outright, but now you faggots are arguing about skinny and fat, what the fuck am I supposed to get from that