Lets say I had $1k of crypto, and now its worth $975, and stabilizes there (on decent, established coins) for an entire week.Should I buy sell and buy something else, even at a loss, in order to start going up again?
Or should the principle of "buy low sell high" perseverate?I'm not sure if hodling sometimes kills your profitability because you're expecting something that might not happen (that your current coins go up), while losing other opportunities.What's the right balance?
Of course you sell, and then you do the same trade again with some other shitcoin.
This is /biz/ after all - buy high sell low.
if you trust a currency and you are sure it will go up again, hold (I trust in BTC and ETH thats why i hold them).
If you don't know a crypto but bought it because it had some nice gains and its dropping a bit, I would give it a week and if it keeps bleeding I would sell it.
But keep paying attention to the crypto afterwards.
Not really.
So far I've earned some money.
So I'm not "losing", only not gaining what I'd like.Thanks anon.
A week span is reasonable.
trust>believe >waiting a week This is the worst advice for daytrading thatvive ever seen
What would you suggest?
If you're strictly day trading, you need to know where you're going to sell BEFORE you make the trade, in any senario.
Establish your risk tolerance.
How much loss are you willing to see before the trade, by your definition, has failed?
Establish your targets.
How much upside movement will it take for you to sell?
This can be done with a trailing stop% if you let it ride.
Crypto is fairly volitle.
Maybe you decide that 5% is your failure threshold.
So if you lose $50 on $1k, you're out of the trade with out exception.
That doesn't mean you can't get back in.
That just means you made a failing trade and your next one needs to be better.
Same OP.
I tend to bail at a small loss, but so far that's not worked for me very well.
I'm in a coin right now that's been swinging nicely riiighhht below my initial buy in and I'm itching to sell at a small loss and ride the waves but I'm confident it'll climb back to a profit before the weekend is out, so I'm on the fence
Yeah, I like the idea of establishing a threshold.
Say, I'd like to earn 100 dollars with this trade.
No matter if the coin remains going up, I'll jump out of it.