Bitcoin cash is mooningcan you explain why its mooning?
Operation Dragonslayer
because it is the better bitcoin
because BTC is about to go bust.
BCH and GVT makes me a cozy boy
BCH is the true Bitcoin.
It's Satoshi's vision realized.
but it was not supposed to start today.how high Bitcoin cash could go, is it mooning until weeken?
Nah its not mooning.
No dragons will be slain tonight.
Its at the top of its swing trade
THE DIFFICULTY WILL LOCK INTO BTC IN A FEW DAYS AND DESTROY IT
wow... there are no shill here.. thats for sure!
wow... there are no salty corecucks here... thats for sure!
bitcoin cash is a gay coin!
it isn't mooning its just people FOMO-ing.
its gonna be 1150 by the morning in the EU.it's dropping as we speak (whales have awaken)i wish you best of lucks to you faggots who believe this shitcoin will replace bitcoin :)

mooning>can't get above recent highsyeah, nah
millions of volume on bithumb in the last few minutes>whales are literally buying the entire supply at a loss to sell later for moreits going down guys the whales do it for free
because operation dragonslayer happens this week , whales are stocking up on BCH in lieu of the imminent BTC crash.
BECAUSE ITS BCRASH BTRASH STOP FUCKING BUYING THIS RIGHT NOW REEEEEEEE
Don't miss your chance
>there are people in this thread RIGHT NOW who unironically think BTC will be $0 monday morning
When BTC difficulty increases miners will swap to BCC, the true king will arise.
BTC Expected Next Difficulty -25.26%cashies BTFO
Omar is a faggot, idiot.
That website difficulty estimate is broken.
you guys are fucking retarded if you don't think shit's going to happen this weekend.
look at bithumb's volume and remember what happened on the 12th
It started a rise of $3200?
Well it should go down since many of the first blocks had so little hashing power.
But bch holders are hoping it goes down as little as possible and that miners would switch over after it.I have 1.2 bch and 0 btcoin and I'm starting to get fud about this whole thing.
Just hope my alts don't get hurt by this.
Dude whales wouldn't be buying this many bags if it wasn't worth it.
At this point in time they're literally just buying bags with bots and we're at 1350.
Friendly reminder that Roger Ver is an emotionally unstable con artist :(
Whales are accumulating early.
4514826>shit volume>cant get above recent highs>whales are buyinguuuhhh>Whales are buying
friendly reminder that ad hominems are the only criticism corecucks can come up with.
selling agricultural grade explosivesNibba was probably selling rocketcandy.
Humble fireworks salesman did nothing wrong
 MILLION IN TWO THE LAST 30 MIN ON BITHUMB YOU FOOL
remember that BTC has a high chance of crashing this weekend.
Be safe and hedge yourself by buying some BCH (not advocating to FOMO in, but either u play safe by splitting BTC-BCH 50-50, or u get the fuck out and stay in FIAT)
Gonna break 1400 soon
+10 million since last refresh
This cancer coin is the end result of a faggot asian with a napolean complex who's only motivation is market control and money.
Im going to laugh when him and convict roger ver get destroyed in the next few months.Oh, and fuck this piece of shit from taking away from the alt moon mission.
This cancer faggot ass non segwit enabled piece of shit had its fun wasting hundreds of millions of development dollars pumping to 0.49 btc for nothing.
Fuck off already
>BCH going up>But BTC not going downI'm confused
Other exchanges not keeping upConfirmed no one believes what Koreans are selling
short anything above 8300 friend
That Diva pnd group is at it again.
Amazingly the western markets are walking into the Maw once more.
Literally just cashed out my entire position 12 hours ago :)
Wait no scratch that I have no idea what i'm looking at
But BTC's not gonna die.
If BTC dies it's taking the whole market with itObviously I'm not saying to not get into BCH for them gains, but a 'flippening' isn't ever gonna happen
Fucking retard
BTC will invariably die because as BCH's price appreciates the miners are able to move more and more mining power to the real bitcoin chain.
because as BCH's price appreciates the miners are able to move more and more mining power to the real bitcoin chain.You're not thinking about medium-term what happens if BTC 'dies.'
All the money that brought this market up to $8,200 per BTC is going to see they effectively lost everything due to a "fork" (and they'll have no idea what that means) and panic sell.
News will spread and money will exit crypto like crazy, bringing us Crypto Winter 2.0 (which I don't actually have a problem with since BTC and BCH are both shit and a replacement needs to come).
BCH will slowly die in value along with BTC
I sold at $1320 xd
Right after the next BTC difficulty gets locked in, miners are going to switch to the BCH chain and BTC will be stuck for the next 2016 blocks.
Transaction times could be days or weeks regardless of fees.
1400 usd just now
theres more than one way for it to play out but I'm not so sure it would be as devastating as you predict
it could die.
I think it's going to 6300 regardlessHard to justify holding any with chain death spiral a possibility
Crypto Winter 2.0goodAll this shit over the blocksize is the result of idiots with nothing but money on their mind.
Too blind to the actual technical issues to fix them.
buy BCC before .2 it is the best hedge for BTC correction
BTC is already bleeding hashrate, look at the averages.This doesn't look too good for BTC...
>i made the right move for the first time in weeksfeels fucking amazing man
Only thing I'm worried about is convincing people a third time to jump into crypto.
There's even more money on the line to lose than last time.
The king dying (both of them) would be worth the risk though I'd say
the problem is bitcoin can't be fixedno fork can fix it.
it has a fundamental flaw.1mb = infinite transaction timesanything more = centralizationthere needs to be a fundamental rework of how the network functions
Friendly reminder he's killed thousands of innocent people
Omar was one of the best characters nerd
anything more = centralizationonly if all computing technology fails to continue scaling as it has been.
Me and you
my assumption is based on the followBTC and the chain grow faster than storage prices can drop
IT'S THE ACTUAL FLIPPENING PAJEET!
BCH is in a bubble, its got hardly any transaction volume.
When BTC was $1400 it had consistently 2k transactions per block.
I got out at $1450 with $200 profit
Well of course some people are putting hundreds of millions of dollars into BCH in a short amount of time.