I don't get crypto Like are the tokens stocks or something?
They use those funds garnered from selling the tokens to develop some tech or some shit?
The crypto are the tech?
Its all hype and memes, no real working products or technology.
If you buy the right piece of shit at the right time you become millionaire.
Doesn't make sense.
Also stickers, skateboards and fake sponsorships.
We are all early to the party.
A lot of it doesn't make sense.
In 5 years it will be clear.
Hopefully everyone here is stocked up by then.
It's just FOMO vaporware.
There's no practical use.
It's just an easy way for people that already have money to fleece good goys out of their hard earned NEETbux via P&D.
You’re asking too many questions.
Shhhhhh, no tears only dreams now.
It's all speculation.
Some of these companies are going to the next Googles though.
If you want real life uses now.
BTC (well used to be anyway), XMR (the new actually used BTC).
That's about it.
Oh and ETH is used to fund the ICOs so I guess that counts.
Tokens are altcoins.
Offshoots from either BTC or ETH, but mostly ETH.Money gathered from ICOs with a product *might* be used as seed money to kickstart a new business or develop tech etc, but the company in reality doesn't owe you jack shit, as tokens are not shares or stocks (unless the company says they will pay dividends to token holders).But if the ICO company decides to splash all that sweet sweet cryptocrack on hookers, drugs, booze and fast cars, "investors" can't do anything about that, unless they're registered and regulated like Quoine or Naga.
Money gathered from ICOs with a product *might* be used as seed money to kickstart a new business or develop tech etc, but the company in reality doesn't owe you jack shit, as tokens are not shares or stocks (unless the company says they will pay dividends to token holders).Should I hold off from getting into crypto until the company gets on a stock exchange then?
Should I hold off from getting into crypto until the company gets on a stock exchange then?Yes.
You might even get a 5 percent ROI!!!!!!
Wow.
Good goy.
Now back to wage cucking.