Bitcoin cash now has more hashpower than bitcoin Segwit...What does this mean?
It means get the fuck BACK into BCH because the Korean exchange is back up and its moonning again
btc transactions will take +10 days and mass panic will ensue
nah only for a bit
pretty much this, tasty profits to be had by all.or fall out of the mempool completely, should be glorious.
what is website, pls?
it means FLIPPENINGThe funny thing is that the only big pool hasn't moved is Jihan's AntpoolOnce Jihan moved his pool, BTC is donehttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
Why would he not have done this already?
it's part of his planhttps://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
wtf
It means the same thing it meant last time it happened.Slow transactions for a few days, then we're back to normal when BTC is more profitable to mine again.And you know about fork.lol so you already know this
this has never happened you idiot
Look at the fucking graph in the fucking OP.It reached > 50% at one point, then the diff retarget kicked in (like it will do again soon) and then it's all over, AGAINBCH is just an alt-coin.
Except if BCH reaches about $2000, it is no longer profitable to mine BTC, and it drop further and further, further locking its position as deadcoin
the eda is being upgraded tomorrow
https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrI wonder how many different conspiracy articles are there on pastebin, so you can always pick up the relevant one and forget those that did not become true.
At current prices, if the difficulty change happend right now, it's 2X more profitable to mine BTChttps://fork.lol/after the diff retarget.after the miners have left.But then what will happen is that these swings in difficulty will be less severe, that's all.It still won't be too profitable to mine BCH if all miners mine it, because nobody wants BCH.BCH price went up in korea because it was a pump by Jihan and company, then other people just bought it because it was going up.Nobody uses it, nobody accepts it in stores.
You think suddenly Japan is going to start accepting BCH in all the stores because the price suddenly went up?lol
nobody wants bch2nd highest market cap3 months old2nd highest monthly volume0 confirmation transactions1cent feesno segwit
2nd highest market capBecause it was pumped from korea, did you not read me?nobody wants it, people are just buying to sell for more BTC, and the price was pumped in korea by buying/selling their own coins with no fees.no segwitso you're good with Jihan Wu taking advantage of the exploit to save 20-30% electricity?
oh god kill yourself
Winrar.jpegJust gotta wait 12h or so before retarget, maybe a bit more before the price return to normal levels, and then pink wojaks everywhere from people who bought bch.
I'm the authority on who wants what>someone who increases mining efficiency shouldn't be paid for itfucking communist
fork.lol
so far the unconfirmed trasactions seem to be bothering mostly bch cuckshhmmmm why is that?>HURR TRANSACTIONS UNCONFIRMED, IT'S PANIC, DO YOU HEAR ME?
SELL YOUR BTC, YOU'RE PANICING, YOU JUST DON'T KNOW IT YEAT TRUST ME SELL YOUR BTCGTFO
because this is only the beginning you tard
0x98b05ebf33e7fe0890270ef34195dc9fbf9ad9d0.
Please spare some change.
ty
>oh my god the awesome BCH>it's a new paradigm>low transaction fees, great community, ponies and huge ass blocks>mfw there are a LOT better altcoins than this shitfork coin
someone who increases mining efficiency shouldn't be paid for it>fucking communistHe is using an exploit, covertly.
But with segwit that "covert" part is not covert anymore, he can keep mining the same way, but then his reputation would go to the sewers
Who also gets triggered when core cucks say 10$+ in fees and 4hours cofirmation times are normal and not a big deal
But this literally happened before, you tard
THERE IS NO MONEY IN BCH YOU DAMNED /BIZ/TARDS.It's trading too scarcely to be profitable at the moment.Don't you remember the last BCH pump?
The same shit was happening, lasted 24h.This is not going to last.
You've made your profits, now get away from there or you'll be in the same boat many of us were since the fork - no-fucking-body was buying BCH so they became the heaviest bags some of us carried.
Billion trading volumne plus upcoming BCH fork.
Totally the same
Also has essentially empty blocks because no one uses it to transact because it has essentially nil irl network and use.
calling a more efficient use of an algorithm an "exploit"Ask me how I know you're paid to be here.
Nobody likes using BTC because it is slow and expensive.
People only but BTC to to buy alts on exchanges.
That are the only transactions made with BTC.
And everbody hates that already
This is good for Bitcoin.
The same shit was happening, lasted 24h.this has already lasted for 48 and shows no signs of stopping
so you're good with Jihan Wu taking advantage of the exploit to save 20-30% electricity?Chinks dont pay for electricity.
Confirmed for not knowing what youre talking about
He lets pool users to choose what they mine?His pool ≠ his hashpower
>bch already in downtrend>shill harder /biz/tard>w8 for bch fork>it'll be over soon
4319771Thankfully someone already broke it down for retards like youhttps://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/breaking-down-bitcoins-asicboost-scandal/you're either a retard, you're deceitful.
Wrong picture.
Mcafee supports BCH
H price went up in korea because it was a pump by Jihan and company, then other people just bought it because it was going up.>Nobody uses it, nobody accepts it in stores.
You think suddenly Japan is going to start accepting BCH in all the stores because the price suddenly went up?>lol Iam watiching https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHfJ4hvna5cBCH is about £1684 but today the real value is $1499.20 BCH has taken a hit and has slowed down.....
inb4 it will be more valuable to mine after the hard forkYeah, unless you count the fees of the unconfirmed transactions.
Make me shut up or I will keep telling people this until this whole ordeal fails and everybody sells their BCH at the first sign of real failure.I got nothing else to do but spam this, and you know the value of a single spammer on here, we've done it before.
BTC1AfBU2wQ1Gr96GFrTtcve5CU9UWgmcJthdPut a high transaction fee, I want it now, what's my silence worth?
4320784Also, not talking directly to you, but hopefully, whoever is watching and is gaining to make a lot of money from this.
My silence should be worth a few coins.
BCH @ $1433.69!!!
the momentum is dying down!
shows no signs of stoppingDropping nearly 50% value in minutes followed by a bear zigzag isn't a sign of stopping?
Fuck, does a coin have to become delisted before you could recognize that it went down?
this has already lasted for 48 and shows no signs of stoppingsee you in 5 hours
it went up to 2500 for an hour and then it calmed down back to 1500 and has stayed there now for the rest of the day, stable>durr if there are any corrections at all it means it's p&d!!!!
!11111
Thinking bch Giants don't have some weapon like tether to fire soon is plain stupid.
It's long planned and it's not over yet.
Expect ATH soon
durr if there are any corrections at all it means it's p&d!!!!
!11111Not only was the post you quoted not saying anything about pump and dump, but it's a p&d because1) The largest South Korean p&d group called for a pump event prior to rise2) Next the volume spike up incredibly, with over 50% volume on a South Korean exchange3) p&d group calls sell target, and it dumps right on pointIt's kind of amazing that I need to outline this for you.
The behavior now is extremely bearish and it would be absolutely retarded to 'invest' at this price.
extremely bearishtop kek it's still 2x the value as it was 2 days ago, and thats with all the degerante p&d fucks out of the way
Laggards clear out of pnd cycles over weeks.
Your delusion is clinical.
Segwit>not an exploit
And when it dumps, the miners will return to BTC which will cause all the unconfirmed transactions to go through, which will cause BCH to bump slightly, and BTC to fall rapidly.
Which will make everyone buy BTC because they will now see that none of the power brokers who they believed transferred all their funds to the exchange to convert to BCH, they only did it to cause panic and make everyone put their BTC into the chain, and when the BCH that people bought at 2.5k doesn't rise back, they'll jump over to BTC which will be at, I guess, 5.2k when this happens, rise back up over 8k.It's so brilliant.