If you were Satoshi Nakamoto, how would you cash part of your 1.5 million coins slowly without crashing the market or alerting tptb of your identity?Asking for a friend
go all in on link
Sell 5btc daily.
What you do is take out a fiat loan using your coins as collateral.
The loan size should be sufficient that you can live off an income stream generated from it, and pay back the loan the same way.That way you get money without any change to the blockchain.
I was thinking about this earlier.Make a new coin that has no block explorer, transfer the funds to that coin, airdrop lots of coins to mask the source of the funds and while people rush to this new coins because of the amount of bitcoins in it you can then steadily sell off to the moon mission seekers.
even if it doesnt crash the market and people find out nakamoto chose fiat over bitcoin, bitcoin would collapse
It's impossible.
You can see everything on the BTC blockchain.If any of the genesis blocks had their coins transferred it'd crash the prices as well.
You don't which ones are his wallets so probably cashed out a lot already
ow would you cash part of your 1.5 million coins slowly without crashing the marketCash it ALL out, and then laugh as EVERYBODY is holding your bags.
There's a locked wallet worth several billions of dollars so no
it's not part of the plan to cash outthere are enough services to spent crypto
Satoshi NakamotoThe Godhe not need any "cash"
Maybe he has several more wallets and family members/friends cash them out for him in order to keep his identity a secret?
You cash out in 3 steps.>shapeshift to monero.>from monero to ether.>You create an ICO that seems semi legit.
With a "whitelist" that is very hard to get into.>give yourself 15-40 million dollars, tax free, that go to your "foundation".All things considered no one will bat an eye.
Of course if you will need to cash out all billions you can either do this a couple of times or get more creative.
Ideally, once you have 30m cash you can find more efficient ways of getting your money
those are locked forever.
sorry.
hopefully nakamoto had a few wallets full of change not connected to his biggest and oldest ones.