What are your predictions for the weekend and monday?
DOLLARS AFTER CHINAGOVACCEPT.EXE RUNS.
DO YOUR KEGELS OP.
I can see an HOD of 48$ possible, and if the news is really good, we can see $50+ the following week.
Since I'm holding it .015
do your kegelsfucking lmao
I see at least 60 tmr, 75 on monday.
im all in on NEO and BlockMason just need 1 to moon by next week
nd wave 52 back to 47 3rd wave 59 back to stable 55
C'mon Chinks just get this over with and pump it up to 1,000 to reward some technocrat and launder his bribe.
this shit will fall below 30 before monday then i will get in.
u retards buy high sell low..
this guy gets it
This guy fucks

in missionary only if his sex is as conservative as his price estimates

running out of letters of the alphabet>need to start using literal fucking runes.
fuck this shitcoins man
but shitcoins have top profitability kek
Volume
I know I'm holding 100% alts... lel
volume shmolumeconsistent 200+% flips on my 5 dollars is good enough for me
Adjust those targets prick.
I don't have that much time I need TO MAKE MONEY NOWWWWWW!
50ish tomorrow 62ish Sunday unpredictable monday
Depends on the news.
Da Hongfei doesn't usually do these kinds of news teasers and hype stuff, so I can only assume from following them very closely since around $4 and holding since then that they have something pretty big to announce.
I don't think they will be named the sole legal platform for ICO's but it is a possibility.
They have been working with the gov since very early on to ensure regulatory requirements are met.
They have digital identity, real world asset ownership, a fast and reliable blockchain, credible and professional leadership.
They have all the hallmarks of what the gov would want to work with, but that's a long shot IMO.
A minimum $100 price would be a target if that is the case.
More likely, I would guess the announcement will be around the neon exchange being launched and some other features.
Maybe some partnerships with some big players.
Possibly a non-exclusive license agreement to commence ICO's on the mainland again.
Target price would be around $50 in this case.
Either way, I believe that even after today's pretty strong rise, NEO is a strong buy just because they are hyping/teasing news, something they have never done before which leads one to believe there is actually something pretty big they are going to present.
I already have a pretty large stack so won't be buying more, but if I didn't have any, I would certainly be buying, even if only to do a bit of a scalp trade.
what is good entry point ?
35$ ?
see that buy wall son.
Its time to buy in now go go go
To be honest, any time as soon as you can.
Speculation is only going to increase and rumours fly before the announcement in 3 days, and if it's as big an announcement as most think, it could actually be a buy the news event, so to get in now disregarding silly things like entry points is a pretty sound plan.
retard , i set buy oder at 35 it will fill by monday.
i aginest buy high sell low, I dont care even If miss imaginary gains.
This is never going back to 35 you idiot, unless the announcement on monday is a big let down.
But NEO team doesn't post often, they never did a countdown to anything before so you can imagine this is gonna be pretty big.
Price will only go up on monday.
I'm going to buy 50 NEO at 39.99 unless anon stops me
Well get the fuck in here already!
Comfy as fuck, breaking 40$ soon
break out to up very soon