- Horizon State offers a secure digital ballot box that technology provides a hack-free voting experience that is secure and anonymous for voters.
- In early 2017, Horizon State tested the technology in for Australia’sMiVotemembership, validating the technology with 4 nationally inclusive polls that committed thousands of votes to the Ethereum public blockchain.- Used for corporate/municipal/NGO/organizational voting as well as political.
Reduces voting costs by 10-15x per vote.- Presented at the UN in New York- “We are excited to share this vision with the world.
Currently, we are engaged with global NGOs, multinational enterprises, national governments, and city councils.
The future of e-voting will incorporate the technology we already have at our fingertips to deliver the opportunity to vote conveniently and securely, perhaps without ever having to leave your home.” - Jamie Skella, Co-Founder- HST token: 29 million circulating supply, 48 million total.
ICO price was .089 cents usd.
Their was a larger supply but it was unsold at ICO and was permanently locked- 3 exchanges announced: Kucoin, Cryptopia, and Livecoin.
Devs stated in the slack that Binance is 'not off the table' and indicated they will try to list there.- Partnership announcements with multinational corporations and cities coming before Christmas- Clients must buy HST tokens to use the Horizon State voting platform which increases value of tokens.
Horizon State devs have said they are strongly considering burning used tokens to decrease the supply + appreciate value
resources:-https://youtu.be/C-0ZMC4y9pE-https://www.smithandcrown.com/sale/horizon-state-ico-blockchain-based-voting-ecosystem/-https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/australia-the-most-innovative-blockchain-adopter-in_us_59eb5d72e4b092f9f241925b-https://horizonstate.com/-https://medium.com/horizonstate/horizon-state-to-help-build-aragon-voting-modules-b7f748759a23
I'm all in trying to make back some losses from LINK
Bittrex or Binance?Bought at 0.26
This is a solid project.Clear concept, real life usage, professional team, low market cap (below $10MM) and low circulating supply (around 30MM HST).Opportunities like this do not come often, anons.
If you have doubt, come join us in the telegram: t.me/horizonstate
> heavy bags pls desu
governments don't give a shit about secure / easy voting systems.
also, local / state governments are too poor to afford basic upgrades (this doesn't just reduce cost outright).
also, people won't trust the technology.the idea is solid, but sadly won't go anywhere for a very long time..
but it does reduce costs outright.
governments don't give a shit about secure / easy voting systemsCould be true.
But govt do cares about cutting costs, anon.
It's not about sophisticated technology etc, it's about money.Using HST costs them less money than the conventional voting system.
And that's a good enough reason/incentive for govt to use HST.Another reason would be voters participation.
When the govt uses a transparent, un-hackable voting system, the voters will also have incentive to go cast their vote, since they know that the election can't be cheated.
government doesn't care if more people vote.
people will be more suspicious of these systems.
having a record of their vote on a computer screen means fuck-all to most people.most people still don't trust cryptocurrency, or blockchains, or fuck, machines in general for that matter.switching to this tech requires govs to stop doing something that they've been doing for 20 years, which is a huge bureaucratic process and therefore a huge expense.
the current voting machines are already paid for, the systems are already verified and in-place, to change is a huge investment.try writing to your congressperson and explain blockchain to them.
while you're at it, explain telecommunications as well.
good luck!
I bought 1 ETH of this shitcoin, it better moon or I'll go postal.
this coin is POWR 2.0, when they announce the first round of corporate and city partnerships we'll see another round of aussie magic.
im getting justed when will it moon
How much hst did u get?
Yeah this is why I'm in.
I'm from Perth and a lot of people who know about bitcoin know about powerledger, because it's Australian.
When Australians start learning of this, they'll support it and it'll pump.
Looks very good, when it hits 3 exchanges, price will go up from the new volumes and demand.
about 1149-ish.
Bought at 0.00084.
Why is that?
same reason I bought it desu senpai.
more like it offers a JUST feeling
SERIOUSLY THOWHY IS IT TANKING?
But govt do cares about cutting costsNot really.