oh uh

Let them dump m8, i'll be buying and boarding the rocket ship.
2000 NEO dumps all the way up gl
Sell walls are bullish, buy walls are bearish
2,000 NEO?
hahahahahahaha damn you cucks think that's a lot of money lolol sad.
barely ne one left buying buyer exhaustion incoming
YEE HAW
dimp dump dump
Exactly, i wipe my ass with 2000 NEO
MOMMY PLS MAKE IT STOP
Sells walls, not dumping, guess who's buying
buy nuls
BOOLY WHALES
NO MONEY ALLOWED-whales
That article saying there is only 6 smart contracts on the network, little to no github activity and no interest on asian exchanges convince me to sell
This is mooning !
count 9 to .006


https://twitter.com/cnLedger/status/931813391944925184
4 pls...
Why is it going up?
Because only idiots would sell at this time.
https://twitter.com/cnLedger/status/931813391944925184Just let them charge blindly in.
I sold at 48 and will scoop up truck loads extra NEO when it dips back to 35.
Holy shit.
I can't believe this is going up in the face of the 4chub fud club.
guess Honey Bager Chinks don't give a fuck about the 4Chub fud club trying to drive it lower to buy in before the next run up.
Many keks are being had.
https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/
Asian exchanges arent the major players with NEO today lol.
Its mainly the Americas right now.
4442702AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH'MAKE IT STOP AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
still EXTREMELY bullish
>implying it's not the whales keeping price low>implying 4chan fud memesters can affect the market in anyway
That's why the Amerilards can't drive it back down to 40 bucks to buy back for the next chink runup.
Got it.
It's all Western traffic.
Sure.
Uh huh.
Checked, and good point.
https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/bollocks FUD post
hue
time to prove it!
i need toilet paper anyway:AXTLSDWmqWnX82Ei4Pti3xLau3TAdvc4e1
this is the only red flag you need to worry about!
just let them be idiots and use it to make yourself money.
I gave up trying to actually help people here.They just want an echo chamber to valid reasoning for their specific coin to moon.
I like how white women are trying to be Japanese now.
They know they're finished.
Bittrex is in Seattle.
I live in Seattle.
Ican assure you that Bittrex traffic is all Seattle Chink Traffic .
I live with and talk to said Chinks.
Every.. Day.
yes, because you can only use Bittrex in Seattle...oh wait, your retarded.
I don't need it to moon, Mong.
In it for the long haul, just like I've been in Bitcoin for years.
I pull some out once in a while to fix up a rental, or go on vacation, but I hodl it, and it just sits there and catches money falling out of the sky.
It is the same with Neo, It just sits there catching money falling out of the sky because it is the Chink Bitcoin.
Go daytrade something else.
We have Chinky government whales controlling the price no on a slow steady increase, so (you) 4Chub fud Clubbers should go daytrade something else.
Really.
You should.
What are you?
12?
lol, I love how you are getting salty about people wanting to be smart with their money and sell high to buy in low again later.I bet you buy more NEO when it hits 50,
Why would I not buy a coin at a point from when it will eventually 4x?
There is never a bad time to buy Chink Bitcoin, just like there is never a bad time to buy Chubby Bitcoin.
You just have to wait a little longer to see profits on a fomo at ATH.
This isn't Link or Ark, Einstein.
is the new baseline.
Any future moon missions will start from there.
Deal with it.