>Hi, I'm Brooke.
I am a marketing analyst for Apple.
What do you do for work?
H.. hey Brooke.
I don't work.... Actually I trade with virtual money.... i sell low and FOMO buy high.
kek
hey brooke nice titties wanna hold these bags for me?
hairy armsdropped
I'm a cryptocurrecy analyst, now suck my dick you whore, he's .00000001 sats as payment for your services.
I shill LINK on /biz/I'm broke right now because it keeps dipping, but I'll be "Elon Musk rich" in 2 months when it goes up.
Do you want to see my Sergey memes?
Uh..umm... h..hi Brooke I’m self employed I trade virtual coins on the internet.
Hey Brooke I'm in Craig's org myself.
You're supposed to be wearing your badge somewhere visible you know.
In fact, show me your badge right now or I'm getting security.
Hi Brooke.
I'm broke and I trade internet meme money.
hi Brooke!
*takes giant breath*AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
i met a girl that was almost this hot and worked in [whatever stupid bullshit] at Apple once, but i got cockblocked by her bitchy friend.
true story
Hey Brooke*cums in pants*Shit, I g-g-gotta go I... eat spaghetti, BYE!
ayo gurl wit dose tiddies lets go around back here and bust dem out rite der sheeeeeit
*stabs her 49 times*Heh, nothing person roastie cunt
kek
You shouldn't worry about what I do.. but uuhh.. if we get to know each other a little more maybe ill talk about it.Wait a few months after dating her and tell her you are actually unemployed and a complete loser but thanks for the anal, giving and taking ;)
:^)
Oh that's awesome, I'm in marketing as well, for the bag industry.
I know it doesn't sound like much but we've been doing some pretty interesting work.
This year we directed a huge amount of energy toward India and boy has it paid off, so far we've catapulted sales through the roof and have helped move nearly 200 billion of product since January, if we can keep the momentum going, and we think we can, we'll be looking at possibly 2 trillion by this time next year.
Oh you love bags?
Well this might sound crazy but being in Apple you probably know that China's really stepping up production quality, well right now one company is trying to get this really interesting product off the ground and could in short order be one of the most recognized bag manufacturers in the world.
I've actually got some with me that you could try out if you want, how about we grab a drink and I'll run you through it, or we could just skip all that and I'll fuck you in the ass directly, sound good?
Everyone in this board sells bags you faggot
oh yea?
analyze this *unzips dick*
Hey Maj Helix.
Its been a while.
Seems like you're a little worse for the ware.
well right now one company is trying to get this really interesting product off the groundYou got chinked please deal with it
who is this chick?
her name is Brooke, shes a marketing analyst for Apple
what a bitch.
Most women are after money and they don't even realize it
he doesn't know Brooke
Hey brooke
Hi Brooke, I'm Broke
I spend most of my time posting pictures online of this pink man with his eyes bleeding.
She would insta suck yo dick.
bitches love bags.
look at her left arm, she does heroin
cool.
do you have some change?
Eye brows too bushy.
Would not do.
They look natural.
I hate bitches with those cat eyebrows.
Fucking disgusting.
I wanna work that month of yours girl, dam
"meh"
What do I do?
I fuck fly girls and puff heaven haze.
Not just on the weekends, that's, 7 days.
Are you into sexual misconduct?
Brooke / Broke same thingso broke
The telanovela my mom watches OMGeverySINGLEFUCKINGWOMANhas those STUPID FUCKING DRAWN EYEBROWSit's like seriously wtf is the matter?
GOD NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR YA?!
JESUS
I hit home runs Brooke.
Want to check out my Lambo?
It's down this dark alley.
Hey Brooke, I'm the owner of this fucking mansion what the fuck are you doing in my house?
telenovela*
4406785Looks like she's trying to get with him again.https://www.reddit.com/r/happy/comments/7alytj/having_coffee_with_the_one_who_got_away/
https://www.reddit.com/r/happy/comments/7alytj/having_coffee_with_the_one_who_got_away/Xd
kekked
I am just a humble farmer......of Bitbeans.
Kek
hey you dumb fucking stupid fucking slut why don't you get ready to take my fucking cheese crusted dick in your mouth while i choke fuck you against a concrete slab until i crack your damn whore skull in.
yeah i'm fucking busy and your goddamn lucky i'm such a fucking operator that I can work from home and take care of the goddamn kid and you at the same fucking time but then you have to open your stupid cunt mouth and spout off some fucking disrespectful shit to me and i cant get one fucking second of fucking peace because you are such a lopsided psycho fucking bitch.
you got to take two whole fucking years off life after your last boss killed herself becaus she couldn't fucking deal with you anymore and you decided to be a hero and let her know a person with depression should act that way and guess waht she's fucking dead because of you and while you've been off some stupid fucking mystical journey wasting yoru fucking life i've been supporting your dumb cunt fucking ass and i dont care if your the goddamn mother of my child i am going to fucking hit a bitch through the fuckking wall if you keep being a mouthny little cunt
LMAO
FAG
Currently unemployed, claiming free virtual money in faucets.
I make about $0.30 a day, but that's just the beginning.
even if joking this person needs therapy
This is the first pump group I'm actually making money with --> https://discord.gg/svrKKHc Join us and make some sweet percentages with us.
We got LUN, GUP, MCO and BITB last weeks and they all were major success!
This is your average BTC "investor".
Time to sell faggots.
I wonder what she smell like.
With all seriousness - you need some help man.
These kinds of thoughts are not normal, and you are making it worse by exercising this "creative" outlet.
Get therapy.
Try not to hurt anyone, or yourself.
Holy shit, I can't believe that that fag actually went out with a gold digger.I hope for his sake that he'll break up with her before buying her anything expensive.
Hello Brooke, I am a LARPer here on 4chan.
Nice to meet you!
a bit of peach fuzz on arms>hairyare you retarded and/or a faggot, anon?
I am a marketing analyst for Apple.swipe left
Nothing more beta has ever been said to reveal so many insecurities in one sentence


Sorry Brooke, you are too old for me.
21 and younger.
You can give me your number though and I might booty call you when I am desperate.
Thanks.
4408137fail to recognize obvious copypastaWelp, that's my sell signal.
Newfag overload.
reddit KEK mods deleted all top comments that roasted this golddigging whore God I hate reddit
NOTFUNNYNOSMEGMAJOEK
You are from Australia aren't you.
I actually don't think that the woman was a disgusting person in this case like is usually the case with these posts.
If I were a woman and my boyfriend showed absolutely no interest in solidifying a future for either of us I'd probably drop him and find someone else too.It goes both ways, we guys want a woman who's attractive and loyal, but they need someone who can take care of them to complete that deal.
EA IS THE DEVILLL I'M SO OUTRAGED RIGHT NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
this has to be a troll by now
I wish you lots of smiles and fun.
So brave.God I fucking hate reddit.
telling an apple employee who you work for ever.Lol no shady fucks using womens as warfare.
Can this please be a new /biz/ meme whenever some neet asks for sauce we just say it's Brooke from marketing?
thatz was nice to read.
thanks
Yeah good point.
the whore is actually responsible for the guy being single again as she actively ruined his previous relationshiphttps://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/6ssfc4/i_just_found_out_i_ruined_my_exs_relationship/
Hi Brooke, I scan the internet for Google looking for dodgy shit you do.
I have seen some shit.
This
She did literally nothing wrong
Her post was deleted

but he had been dishonest about some things (not infidelity - 'life' things) and it led to us breaking up.
I couldn't come to terms with his lying by omission - it seemed like he threw away our relationship over nothing.
Ok that's..an abnormal amount of arm hair..right?
Brooke is really self-conscious about her arm hair you jerk.
...
I trade
https://www.reddit.com/r/happy/comments/7alytj/having_coffee_with_the_one_who_got_away/
comments locked
horrible granny hands>hairy arms>shitty skin >gross dirty ass granny feet >uses makeup
Fuck off macfag I have to compile my Gentoo instead of losing time with ya thot
I fuck hot bitchesnow open vagene
I actually agree with her
thanks for the new pasta
4411314oh no I made 3 posts in a rowhow embarrassing :(
h-hi Brooke...i shill altcoins on a Tibetan sword swallowing picture board haha.
>turn around and walk away>can feel her looking at me>start walking manually
Virgin man who thinks himself cunning by calling out angry virgin teen on his virginity yet uses terms like "beta" and "insecurities" tops angry virgin teen on the loser hierarchy
Nah.
Spanish genes + blonde hair makes it look crazy thick in certain lights, but really most women have a fair amount of fuzz.
yeah, too bad we wont see why
I'm a college student, studying electrical engineering at the moment, 5th year.
What did you study ?There you autists
he doesn't realize that most of us are NEETs
This is the best /biz/ thread.
Fuck.
kinda makes me wanna AlFranken her
those hands hint of malnutrition or drugs
Could you ANALyize me ;)?
,Hi Brooke you are pretty and maybe smart too :)
Hey, I'm broke too
are you gay dude?
who tf cares about arm hair
I don't really, it just seemed above average.
Wouldn't stop me.
Hey /biz/, my girlfriend sometimes mentions how she finds certain actors attractive and it makes me jealous as fuck.
Obviously I'm not going to say that but what do I do about it?
She's cheating on you for sure bro.
reddit is fucking trash.
letting your gf disrespect you like thatdo you let her peg you as well?
All of my keks
It's just minor shit, like her saying "Daniel radcliffe is my idol" or liking a photo of Brad Pitt on instagram or whatever.
I act like it doesn't phase me so that I don't seem jealous, but it drives me up the fucking wall.
4411503
underrated
this.
I will soon be a wizard.
I have never touched a woman.
I have never even seen a woman.
I don't even believe that they exist.
Almost vomited.
My fucking sides...
Daniel radcliffeliteral midget>Brad Pittliteral old mananon, anon, anon.. i bet she has "guy friends" that she texts and hangs out with as well huh?time to like other girls picturessnapchat and text with random girlscasually flirt with other girls while you're out and about with the gfwhen you're hanging out with people never mention who with.
she'll assume girls are there.make sure you mention how much fun you have when she's not there.
or just 86 the bitch.
whatever floats your boat.
Chicks with long arm hair like that have bad breath and smelly pits.
4410564Holy shit what is with you autists and arm hair levels?
Girls with long arm hair have bad genes.
It's a warning sign that she won't age well.
>tfw no matter how money you have, she will cheat on you with the young Chad working in McDonalds to actually enjoy sexWe can't win.>inb4 I dont care that she cheats on me!!
!Yes you do, you care that you are genetic subhuman uncapable fully pleasing her.>inb4 subsequent hope of this fact
Bahahahaaha
Mention actresses that are more attractive than she is.
Proofs?
Is this where I've been fucking up all my life?
My plan is to make her jealous, yeah.What's the best way to do this without it being too obvious and passive aggressive?
^this

make her jealousfocus on improving yourself>start lifting >learn nutrition and get your diet in order>read>get hobbies if you don't have any>be busyother girls noticing you is the best way to make a gf jealous also just brush off her obvious and insecure attempts at making you jealous (the actor bs)and don't let her disrespect u anon.
lost respect is hard to regain.
Read "sex at dawn" and accept reality
Alright, thanks anon.
I do go to the gym and am fairly /fit/, but I should get a hobby.She's extremely insecure, to the point where she says things like "I'm not worthy of your love" and talks a lot about how I'm more attractive than her and could get any girl I want.
She's kind of a mess but fuck do I love her
sex at dawnwritten by some old white dude with a completely useless PHD from a shit-tier "university" and his pajeet wife with an MD from a school no one's ever heard of>muh credibilitypls shoo
extremely insecurethe insecure ones are more likely to be promiscuous so care anon (they like the attention and validation).
and we all know how premarital sex affects rates of divorce and infidelity.don't wanna go overboard with the "making her jealous" thing either if she's that insecure.
make sure to remind her that you chose her and not the other girls that give you attention.
yep, the insecure ones are the ones that'll do anything to gain the approval of men, including sleeping with them.
Best to find a nice humble but non insecure woman
She lost her virginity to me, but yeah, I worry.
Even though she's told me a million times that she loves me and would never leave me or be unfaithful I'll remind her of that.
Yea, I found out the hard way
If he does that she will say she cheated on him because he didn't give her enough attention, if he doesn't she will say she cheated on him because she needed to be wild
sex at dawnWorst book I've ever read, the author is a joke and none of the "claims" had any scientific credibility whatsoever.
Total meme
think you're underestimating jealousy in womenit's called preselection.other girls finding you attractive and giving you attention will make you exponentially more attractive to your gf.if you select your gf well (virgin preferably, honest, respectful, grateful, etc.)
then you really don't have to worry about cheating as long as you keep working on yourself.girls are naturally very jealous so as long as you keep up with your shit, other girls will notice you.
as long as other girls notice you and you treat your gf reasonably well, your gf will be loyal.
Yea that's how it goes but not with insecure girls, insecure girls will then take revenge and cheat on you and say they did it because you didn't give them enough attention, that they were feeling left behind, can't win with them
have you tried being sincere about your upsettings first?
try that, and only if she doesn't stop you could try making her jealous.communication is key.
let her know first.
don't keep it to yourself.
Why is this so funny my sides my sides my asthma
That's true, and I know for a fact she would understand and not do it anymore.I just don't want to try and police her thoughts, you know?
ya in this situation ur right i took your first comment out of context.although if anon took her virginity he may have hope ala pair bonding.
he needs to walk the tightrope of making her secure in the relationship.
also obviously needs to establish some boundaries have you tried being sincere about your upsettings first?
try that, and only if she doesn't stop you could try making her jealous.don't do that she's just (insecurely) trying to make you jealous anon.
she'll just lose more respect for you.
Alright, thanks for taking the time to help me out.
I'll just work on not being jealous
I want to lick her nips kiss her back and lay pipe from behind laying down so i can grab those titties.
Also finish (after her cumming first) with a blowie and hosing that chest down
work on yourself>be confident (brush off jealousy)>you'll get attention from other girls>your girl will be more attracted to you>make sure she knows that you chose her and not the other girls she's jealous of>establish boundaries of respect>be her rockezpzvirgins are diamonds in the rough.the only remaining girls worth committing to.gl my fellow anon
Screencapped, great advice all-around.
Best of luck back at you anon.Also, post Ark address
Best of luck back at you anon.ty>ArkAMchXRQUsha92sYfMxxfQdbao1XqLi88hP
"Oh what's the matter ,anon?
You ok?
Oh wait i know.. You didn't buy BCH.. Welp that's too bad since i only date millionaires"
fukken cunt.
She must've been desperate to get back with her ex to live in lamboland..
So not only you tell me that you work for an extremely unethical non-free software megacorp and that your job is to literally destroy my privacy with tracking, but you actually got the nerve to voluntarily disclose that information like you are proud of it, and then you put on a cute smile expecting me to be friendly with you?
?Have you no shame woman??!
I actually totally agree that from her perspective, he was a NEET with no goals.
What makes her trash, is her later posts where she blames him for 'lying about life stuff' but still desperately wants him back.https://www.reddit.com/user/into-the-abyss
This is just typical female post 'oops' rationalization though.
Be disgusted by it if you want but even the best are probably going to do this, at least temporarily while it sinks in.
Actually, a lot of men would probably act similarly in similar situations too.
Less, but definitely some.
I am a day trader hun.
I speculate in digital currencies.
You wouldn't understand.
Dinner tonight?
I'll pick you up in my Lambo at 7.
4412078>Respond to inappropriate behavior with inappropriate behavior.Jesus the fuckin' kids on this board.
Dump her.
She's 100% a ho
I am a Chad tho.
I think this is the case for a lot of people on this site: we're intelligent, jacked, relatively rich and successful... all thanks to the power of weaponized autism.
We think we are losers because we could never fit in with the normies, but just look in the mirror... we are uebermenschen.
At least, I am.
My normie ex girl used to say that I was a piece of shit and that she only stayed with me cause I was good looking and cool.
Then left me when she started working and making money.
The thot fucked pretty much all of her colleagues and I think it's partly my fault for fucking her up.
I'm a blockchain asset manager
4409265get baited, whiteknights
kek, I read that you are Broke.
#4CHNallday

hello betiful open bob for me pls send vegana picsbuy metaverse
Why the fuck would you want a hairy girl you fucking Turk?
i see a dark road ahead of her anon.
Heres one fresh from the oven
I'm run a Hashfund on Vital Street.
*walk away as she passes out soaking on the floor in the fetal position*
I**
name your price.
how many btc for a threesome?
Hi Brooke.
I gamble on bullshit.
and this post tops it all so can we call it a day yet
Brooke on my D like BBPBPPBPBPBBPBBPP DIPPITEY DEE.
NUGZ.
WE RIDIN'
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElizabethTurner/comments/75ct2l/prettiest_girl_ever/