Have you bought your ticket to the moon?
In.
It will moon soon.Huge news coming up
Hope so.
Haven't seen it below 300k since I got in until now.
I always assume anything that starts with a "Z" is a gimmick and bad marketing.Other than palm beach cocktail purchases what does this have going for it?
What exactly does this shitcoin do ?
It gets pumped and dumped by boomers.
Their leader is pic related.
Full blown privacy application platform
I've got 0.5 bitcoins to throw into a coin.
My decision has come down to VTC and XZC.Decisions decisions.
explain without buzz wordsprivacy for what?
not to mention most normies gladly give up privacy
https://blog.zensystem.io/current-status-and-roadmap-for-zen-upgrades-and-improvements-july-2017/Nobody can explain better than that, it's huge
Yes.
Trying to get more each paycheck but computer and phone died out of nowhere...
In.
Moon time
Nice.
Just bought 43 ZEN
So you don't actually know what it doesThat blogspam doesn't explain anything
Yes
wtf ?
I know what it does but man you have the roadmap right in front of you.I can't explain it better than the roadmap.Secures nodes, IPFS publishing, funding and governance system, this fucking coin is huge with a HUGE team.
Private transactions, network security and resilience etc
Private messages over IPFS is literally nothing.
Better wait for filecoin.
And secure nodes are also literally nothing ?
It has a better privacy than monero and monero has a more than 1b marketcap
All buzz words and hype, like every shit coinnetworking, nodes, privacy, synergy, vision, blah blah blahWhat problem is it solving better than the current system or other coins and why would anyone adopt something with a name as retarded as Zencash?
Sounds like a fucking massage parlor scam.
Secure nodes hurt decentralization and ironically make the coin less secure, because unless you set up one yourself, you have to trust third party.
And you will end buying it at 0.02 and selling it a 0.01, yeah I know, /biz/ strategy buy high sell lowThis shit is better than monero AND dash in term of privacy.
Neo was named Antshares btw.. You could have found something better.
Why the fuck would it hurts decentralization?The transactions through the secure nodes aren't even recorded in the blockchain.We will not know who send it, and to who.How a transaction works :When you send a transaction with your wallet, the wallet send a transaction to a node.
The node send it to another node and to another node etc.
Then, the transaction is sent to the blockchain>make the coin less secure, because unless you set up one yourself, you have to trust third party.No, it doesn't work like that.
all the transactions between the wallet, the secure nodes, the blockchain will be encrypted.
Nobody will be able to decrypt them.
Also, no premine, no ICO.
This shit isn't going to stay at 0.002-3 for a long time