>this wasn't a scam and all you fucks sold for a loss and it's going to moon within a few weeks finallyhahahahahahahaha I TOLD YOU last chance to buy /our coin/ back
it's already crashed a lot though why'd it crash so much?
because retards didn't realize how competent the devs are most of the crash was actually some whale that didn't give a fuck and just sold like 2% of all coins lmao
how much do you have anon
mfw doubling my stack by trading the 0.00019 - 0.00023 swingswhy was this so easy?
ETHBETTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTwe need that bitconnect guy to say that lmao
as much as i could afford so like 20kNormies, when will they learn?
I never sold because at this point I'd rather lose it all than selling for such a low price.I bought during the ICO, even with the bonus and all I ended up spending 600 usd which now are worth less than 150.
Selling now would hurt my feelings.0 here we go
just shill it to enough buyers it's like $10,000 on exchange until it's back at ico price desu
you mean ethbeeeeeeeeeet u retardand nois coin will stay there since it has no use
is coin will stay there since it has no useliterally the only platform ever built for peer to peer no edge betting?kstay poor
you get nothing for it
I'm still holding since ICO, didn't put much in and wasn't planning to sell before Q1 2018 at the earliest, don't see any reason to deviate from that.
threw 2 ETH at ICO into thiswe are the EBETAS
god tier was to buy post-ICO like most ICOs.except for bancor.hahahahaha
MOOOOOOOOOONhttps://s3.amazonaws.com/img0.recordit.co/yap29dnFmi.mp4?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAINSRFOQXTN4DT46A&Expires=1510419830&Signature=63hcflH6Pv5xX0vqWBQ7oV5t6zA%3D
i love this guy.he could have ran, was 100% anonymous.
good shit.
nice to see there's non-scammers left.
4302161He had plenty of economic incentive to stay around and work on the project because a lot of his tokens are tied up via smartcontract for several months longer.
to be fair if he has 10% of tokens he cant ever reasonably sell that, maybe really slowly over a year or something but else it'd fuck up the market.
But you're right that's good too.
what is the actual price target for this?
25 cents per seems easy, anyone really think 50 cents is easy this week?we should start a pump group before it gets too big
umping and dumping instead of buying and holding
boy gee whiz I sure do love it when devs / whales / bag holders relentlessly shill coins on biz
bag holders might be the case but devs or whales wouldn't make as much sense imo.
whales are into real shit not a $1M cap coin.all of /biz/ is really shilling anyway so you might as well make the best of it
ETHHHBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
bump
4302269idk why you're asking for a price target.i'm going to get a 3-5x and get out at the top of the pump for myself.
this project looks like it could be 20M easily but i dont know why it isn'twhat's wrong with it, is it just in incognite modo?
just not enough shilling.buy it then shill too, enjoy 5x gains.
this was one of my most hyped investments this yearthe price kind of disappointed but i really enjoyed seeing some of those memes in the discord.
still hanging onto some, looks like it's mooning today thanks OP
4303962yup similarly, i think this has a lot left in itcrazy moon coins are quiet for a long time, think anything from eth to neo to etheroll
obviously, i just hate watching the priceshould have gone all in on BCH but im stuck in EBET at least it's up 40% i should buy more
thanks OP.bought a few when you made the thread (almost like $50 is all) but funny af to see i made 40% on it already.project looks great too might check it out when i have more time
should have bought 100k then?
post yfw waiting for ebet to inevitably moon
have you eeen it today?i mean it's not what youre looking for but a ton better than no movement
tempted to buy more already from you losers but i'lll see where /biz/ shills this great coin to first..
what a fucking shit coin.
have fun holding those bags.
holy shit is there anything more suspicious than this?
Are you retarded?
What it doesn't say there is that gambling projects rarely display their team, if ever.BitDice is a running website, yet the team is anonymous.
For legal reasons I assume, by the way.
This is actually great.
I get tired of going places like ARK where they list musicians on their team.
This is a great signal.
I don't know anything about the coin but I like this.
it's a potential red flag for an ICO but given they're already building the product, as said count me in.
looks good and i like the humor.
4304889Their only excuse for not listing the team is "We want people to judge the merit of the project and not the merit of the team".
What that basically means is that the team is a bunch of unproven nobodies.
You bet your ass they'd be listing a team if they had someone worth mentioning.
except that regulations will fuck them over especially with erc20 tokens and gambling.yeah, why dont you go invest in ICOs that pornstar and rapper were shilling im sure those are great investments since they have famous people behind themim not saying these guys ARENT nobodies, but not every project needs a billionaire rockstar to lead it
BitDice makes literally millions every few months, yet they don't list their team.Name a gambling coin that does.
Sold for a loss?
Bought into the Ico and sold for 30% profit.
Was pretty nice
this is how to do it, if you remember that pump that wsa a great sell spot, then buy back in like literally 90% cheaper hahahahah
of course it wasn't Op.
are you retarded?
it was obvious
probably not this time but other times it was
saw another thread about EBET, was saying how excited I was to actually see this work.mooning will be a bonus if it never moons i'll just gamble on the platform lel
looks like it will come out on time.
pretty nice to have an actuall accurate roadmap presented for once.
fuck i cant deposit into hitbtc yet
you can deposit anything and then buy EBET really, but ETH is best
bought more earlier today.
feels good already.
>Deposited into HitBTC>Set a buy at asking price>Only 1% filled, still nothing else fillingWhere's the volume
because no one is selling?why would anyone sell lol
>mfw shitcoin gamblers buy a coin made for gamblingfull circle
it cant get better than this honestlyshitcoin gambling on shitcoin gamblereven better the first alpha release will let you bet your EBET haha
hmm wonder if we can 50% again tomorrow
only if enough newfags fall for our shillam i right pump and dump group fellow m8 poofag?
desu i think we can all make money, just some of us more than others
YET ANOTHER COORDINATED PND
you don't make money in crypto.you steal from others.money doesn't just *poof* into exsistance.i hope you're happy that some families ain't gettin shit to eat the next few days
that's their fault?
i can't stop people from buying coins and selling lower, people do that with btc all day long.i'm saying we can steal from pajeets instead of /biz/ retards
you evil bastard.NO ONES LEFT BEHINDshit on banks tho.banks don't invest in shitcoins thoSO STOP THIS SHIT
what do you want me to do?never take a profitable trade because it means the money comes from some other person somewhere?yeah let me just be poor and starve myself.
people can make what trades they want i can't stop them they'll do it anyway
what would jesus do?buy bitcoindon't sellbe rich and don't harm others
and NEVER sell?
i have bills to pay but i like the suggestion.im not jesus sorry fampai.
Bump.