
you know who to vote.
Lies
explain.
is this like that based rapper who curses nba players?
Oldfag what do we do is it time to exit everything?
Despuedos los Estos, Dos Papas.,No Mas.
Yep.
For some reason, almost every famous person who went against Trump are cursed.
https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY
it's been clear from the beginning that bitcoin core = hillary.
arrogant, the frontrunner, loved by the mainstreamcash = trump.
the underdog who inevitably shocks the normies and wins
Despuedos los Estos, Dos Papas.,No Mas.>implying vitalik is not the russian orthodox pope
That's not proper Spanish at all
4333680
BTC is like the Hillary Clinton of crypto
Si mon el gallo negro
Or his fuckboy at least
Hillary Clinton is Hillary Clinton.
Bitcoin Core is Bitcoin Core.
kek

well fuck i hope this isn't true
is jihan a nevertrump?
chinks love don
just like the election I profitNovember is officially /ourmonth/
I exited everything at the top of the BCH scam.
No one would listen, so I jumped on, rode it up for the last three hours, dumped, and walked away with close to 64K.
If they won't listen, I can take their money and not feel bad.
I was thinking about Joining a pump group attempting one last pump of up $500 at $1130 on BCH around 9:30pm PST, but I'm not sure they can pull it off.
Being involved with the BCH scam in any way just leaves a bad taste in my mouth, as it was initiated by the Mastermind of 9/11, Prince A.A.
I will watch it, but don't really think it will amount to much.
I'm probably going to just sit out and pump an alt or two tomorrow.
OK Cash if my favorite pump target, but a fellow already took the forweeks energy out of it by pumping it today.
I did not participate, as I was at Dinner with some Family I do not get to see often.
With all the uncertainty, there is little energy for more than 10 - 28% run - ups spaced over agonizing time, with stressful fluctuations along the way, dipping reapetedly below stoplosses, and then immediately popping over buys.
Such stressfull trading is not something I am interested in, especially since I am still digesting last nights gains.
The potential for Destruction is rife in the air, much like the nanoseconds before a lightning strike.
This was clear to me the second all the corecucks started screaming about winning the war.
The first battle isn't even over and they're already crying victory?
That's exactly how you lose.Corecucks won't even fight back next time BCH pumps.
It is not Spanish, Freind.
And were you well travelled, you would know that there are myriad dialects of the Romance Languages.
Usually, a Poster such as myself has great hidden meaning in the particular dialect used.
Laaaaaarp
https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAYIf you actually rapped over this beat people might donate
"Travelled" It is late, and I have been up many days.
If they won't listen, I can take their money and not feel bad.Good job.
Fuck every last one of them
Hello Newfreind Tumblrina.
Reddit is That way ->
t. Corecuck copesenBitcoin core is Hillary Clinton
shhhh, don't tell corefriends the secretlet them sleep peacefully on their "safe, proven" BTClet them think they wonthey'll have the breakfast of their lives tomorrow
 hours to go, friend
You are correct, friend.
We will not fight back.
We will, however, help you jump off the cliff like the Lemmings you are.
We will join your next pump, then crash it before you do, only we will leave no survivors.
"The Art of Crypto War" - Oldfagbiztard, 2017.
There is a group planning on preempting you by buying at $1120 at 9:30PM PST.
Posted about it earlier this afternoon when it peaked at 1600.
They are then planning on pumping it $500, then crashing it with no survivors.
It's to late.
It was always Too Late.
UPDATE; CANCELLATION ON THE BCH PUMP AND CRASH!
REPEAT; CANCELLATION ON THE BCH PUMP AND CRASH.
ORDERS ARE LET IT CRASH.
ABORT!
ABORT!
ABORT!
TRIPCODE PIC RELATED.
The world isn't as binary as hillarys and trumps.
It's that kind of thinking that separates real coins of bitcoin crash.
REPEAT!
CORE CRASHING BCH WITH NO SURVIVORS!!!!!!!!
NUKE INCOMING.
4334226another example of hillary = core and trump = cash is the fact that core is hiring these blatantly obvious pajeet shills to FUD cash just like hillary hired shareblue to bash trump
BCH SCAMMERS SHOT DOWN.
That's obnoxious
wrong, there is no relation between trump and bch you retard