Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash can't coexist.
The owners of Bitcoin Cash need to be defeated.
retards buying BCH are just being manipulated so badly loland they defend it like retards defending trump
wow what a useful postStop crying corecuck.
Go jerk off into your 1 MB blocks and every expanding mempool
 corecuckI'm sure we can have an adult discussion and maybe reach a conclusion where we can both agree.> your reply is going to be "kill yourself nigger pajeet"
ok corecuck.
Fix your stupid coin and stop shitting on your chink miner overlords.
You idiots should've done what SIA did and invested in your own asic technology instead of sitting on your ass and circle jerking over your pile of bitcoins.
By pulling off that trick he pissed off a lot of old bitcoin criminal money.Besides that, he had proven himself unreliable.He will walk into a bullet before his new year./my2sats
confused_jackie_chan.png
they get manipulated to bad lol like hahahaha>im sure we can have a nice civilized conversation here
Remember: patent is socialism
telling the truth about being manipulated (you can't deny that the market is being manipulated) is not the same as COREKEK HERP DERP
Sure but your still a moron and this thread is still garbage.
your still a moron
They will be defeated by trust.Whales, governments and institutions holding bitcoin will sell it into $US Dollars.Only on biz to people swap between alt-coins.As far as an institution like Goldman Sachs is concerned, there are dollars, bitcoin and dogshit.Bitcoin-Cash's business plan to steal the wealth away from bitcoin with a hostile fork won't work.
We saw what happened.
Big banks started selling out of BTC once it went below $7000 and they bought back in at $5500.
Meanshile BCH began sinking.
If it ever does comes to a head, BTC will get upgraded to the latest tech and BCH will disappear.
BITCOIN CASH NOT BCASH
They sure can't.
the shills core apparently hired to spam this board remind me of the shareblue shills hillary hired to spam /pol/ last yearThey're scared.
And they fucking should be
if core had any intention of upgrading they would have already.
They are intentonally crippling the network and I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they are actually planning and betting on the cashening themselves.
Only retards and paid shills are still betting on and backing those incompetents now.
defeat them yourself you fucking nigger bitch... i'll just go where ever there is a pump.
Maybe "muh best devs in the world" really is just a meme.
Bunch of idiots thinking you can out Jew the Jew.
Accept blockchain - they won't lose until the race war (hopefully 2-6 years from now)
im not core and im not a BitCH.
ill give you 100 sats for this chinko shovleware
As someone who holds neither of these legacy coins - there are shills on both sides, and they are equally annoying.
Agreed.
Made a pretty penny over the weekend during the pump, but anyone who believes it's the "real bitcoin" had better be getting paid for it, otherwise they're just sheep.