>people actually thinking BTC is going down, and it's just not the regular dip that happens after a retarded rise upwards *scoffs* If ETH couldn't dethrone BTC, nothing can.BCC is a FOMO shitcoin that will bleed out over the coming few months
Bitcoin Cash is the real Bitcoin.
It has surpassed BTC in volume on coinmarketcap.
It will soon replace market cap and price.
Then, it will be renamed "Bitcoin".
The old "BTC" will be renamed Bitcoin Classic and will be worth shit.
Mining will stop for Bitcoin Classic and it will be delisted fromm exchanges due to lack of hashrate in the blockchain to process the transactions.
It is over.
Satishi has won.
You've been warned.
Satishi has won.Please kill yourself vermin
Buttcoiners are getting desperate and they never get desperateBCH new king?
Satishi has won>Satishi
when you fall for the flippening meme and are desperate for others to hold your bagskill yourself retard
people actually buying bcc with btc and when bcc is done mooning in a couple of days selling back to btc what a fucking bunch of idiots.
everyone could just hold btc like me lol
HAHAHAH i enjoy seeing you "people" who bought BTC at ATH getting BTFO internally.
It pleases me.
Keep hodling.. soon, your Bitcoin classic will be worth 10 dollars... AAAAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHA
Unlike you i've actually been following bitcoin since below $10.Nobody is falling for your chinkshit scamcoin
Jokes on you faggots buying in on the bear trap to come.
Bitcoin is falling to the floor don't be stupid.
Truth always prevails
If ETH couldn't dethrone BTC, nothing can.well something can and will one daybut it definitely woudn't be by one silly fomo pump overnightat least eth can maintain it usd value and has pairs on all exchangesbch right now is just a shitty expensive ltc
4292434nobody wants to go bankrupt or liquidated like you faggots.
You fell for the Bitcoin cash is a shitcoin altcoin lmao stay poor.
Nobody is falling for your chinkshit scamcoinDon't wanna be the smartass but at the day of BCH fork this sentence was thrown around every minute.Oh well...
but essentially it is a chink scam coinit was not created in a good faithits just a hostile overtakecore jews want their offchain profits vs cash chinks want to keep things their wayboth are ready to kill all crypto for that
and its still true...The people behind this certainly have a shitload of wealth to throw around, and there's certainly a shitload of dumbass guppies ready to fomo into the next lambo ticket, but the real bitcoin community is not buying it.These blatant acts of manipulation only solidify my disgust of their bullying and contentiousness
real bitcoin community
If ETH couldn't dethrone BTC, nothing can.That would be ETH which has suffered 2 enormous hacks within 12 months?
ETH which has infinite supply?
ETH which was created and is run by some retarded gay hypocrite autsitic commie money skelly who has put himself under the Trump curse?Yeah good lucky with that.