The enemy throws new forces to the front without regard to heavy losses and penetrates deep into the ChainLink, seizing new regions, destroying our cities and villages, and violating, plundering and killing the LinkMarine population.
Combat goes on in region Binance, near China, in the south, and at the gates of Mercatox.
The Chink invaders penetrate toward Stalingrad, to Volga and want at any cost to trap Kuban and the Northern Caucasus, with their oil and grain.
The enemy already has captured Bitfinex, Poloniex, Bittrex, GDAX, Coinone, half Coinbase.
Part of the troops of the Southern front, following the panic-mongers, have dumped their bags without severe resistance and without orders from Sergey, covering their banners with shame.The population of our country, who love and respect the LinkMarines, start to be discouraged in her, and lose faith in the LinkMarines, and many curse the LinkMarines for leaving our people under the yoke of the FUD oppressors, and itself running east.Some stupid people at the front calm themselves with talk that we can retreat further to the east, as we have a lot of territory, a lot of ground, a lot of population and that there will always be much BTC for us.
They want to justify the infamous behavior at the front.
But such talk is falsehood, helpful only to our enemies.Therefore it is necessary to eliminate talk that we have the capability endlessly to HODL, that we have a lot of territory, that our country is great and rich, that there is a large population, and that Link always will be abundant.
Such talk is false and parasitic, it weakens us and benefits the enemy, if we do not stop dumping we will be without Lambos, without no rent.This leads to the conclusion, it is time to finish retreating.
Not one step back!
Such should now be our main slogan.
I regret nothing
ODN, on the other hand, is definitely going to moon around the end of the month.
New product and rebranding released on the 4th and whales slowly accumulating right now.
It's going slowly up before the masses find out.
Smart money is buying now.
I am dumping it on the 3rd to rebuy more LINK.
LinkMarines transform and roll outAaaand, you're obsolete
I have a ton of ODN right now but at the same time "rebranding" reeks of desperation, I'm probably gonna try to get out when I can.
Shit we're seeing rapid increase in creation of both shill LINK memes and FUD LINK memes.
Might be time to buy back in after all.