I have $2,000, should I put it all towards ethereum?
no buy bitcoin
you should wait for that shit to come down a couple percent, ethereum always does as the ICO scam runners tend to sell off when ethereum gets too big for it's boots
wait until it breaks that 350 resistance, just to be sure.right now is a 50/50 bet
Already have 0.07 BTC and 3 ETH, bought it when it was $334 per coin, now I’m thinking if I should just go all in.
BitboostStill below ICO priceharvard grad ceonext ebay8m supply 35 centsno brainerhttps://etherdelta.com/#BBT-ETH
I recommend lite coin or SALT
Yes, you should obviously buy at ATH.
That's how /biz/ works.
Prepare your pink wojak folder though.
Here, have one.
What is going to determine the next form of crypto currency that everyone is going to be using in replace of cash/credit.Just a catchy fucking name or what?
BUY HIGH, SELL LOW
Yes buy ETH, but buy when we break 350 usd or 292 eur with conviction.
Convert and HODL tether
That's not eths ATH
Wait until it rests on 330 or 340 again.
be /biz/tard>have months to buy a undervalued coin with lots of support and active development.>wait until it goes up 800% to buy
really was unsure about ether cause it was at $300 for so long, wondering if I should buy now it's taking off.
It did drop down from $380 a couple of months ago too though so I'm really not sure :/
put the rest in bitcoin right now.
bitcoin is going to outperform eth over the next 6 months, start accumulating eth then.
why would you invest in something you know nothing about?
I do know about it.
I'm just very unsure whether or not it's worth the gamble.
iI's a risky proposition right now because ETH has been extremely stable, even during the whole 2x bs.
It suddenly spiked, perhaps because people are uncertain of BTC/BCH volatility.
At the moment, BTC represents greater growth potential than ETH due to the publicity.
BTC is a better choice, but you can always hedge your proposition.
How much do you think it’s going to go up in the next 2 years per coin.
in 2 years probably 40k or higher
Buy some bags of link
I feel like 3 coins of ETH is not much?
How are these coins going to be used as currency for everyday things when they are worth so much?
sigh....they are divisible into segments... like .5, .25, .000001
will i make money if i can only buy half a coin at most?
or would it be better to buy smaller coins?
It’s like owning a dime of a dollar, still has worth, but a lot more worth than what a dollar would have.