I just noticed that two 1 LINK orders came through.This should be imposible because you can´t make an order that small.
An order must be atleast 0,001 BTC big.
Edit:manipulation
It's real.
SHOW THIS TO RORYSHOW THIS TO RORYSHOW THIS TO RORYSHOW THIS TO RORYSHOW THIS TO RORYSHOW THIS TO RORY
Mmmm thats very weird...
>Binance is the slickest exchange>Binance is shady as fuckWat do?
i remember the last thread you made about binance manipulating your order history and bla bla.
you were crying over a couple dollars.
boring shit, really.
you need to be gassed.
fucking nancy drew.
you're not cracking any cases here.
nobody disputes the gooks can't be trusted.
yet you're still trading there and ranting sans medication.
wrong.
a 1 LINK order can appear because a bigger order got partially filled.
it happened to me once.
But wait, they're pumping it fuck it lolMOON MISSION INCOMING
crap its real
Aaaaaah makes sense.
If you make an order of 5001 links it will fill 5000 first then 1 kek.Delete.
Not 2 in a row.
That is extremely unlikely.
that wasn´t me, retard.
Buying more Link for a HODL.
I'm buying as much as I can under the $.30 mark.
Nancy Drew Kek
crap israelhow do i slide a thread again?
stop falling for it and get out before you lose everything and use good exchanges (basically poloniex)
five 1 LINK orders
die.
I guess that's why we stay away from binance coins.All the pump and dumpers are there.Probably why they want us so bad to get on that exchange
yeah bro one link orders can totally move the market... delusional
how does it feel to be a fucking Jew after hating them from /pol/?poo in loo right?
I've noticed this happening a lot too.
I don't think a buy order for 1 token is being made, rather some trading strategy is going around where bots buy all but 1 of a sell order for some reason
Listen to me dipshits.
This is just what a market buy can look like on the books.
I promise you.
Jesus.
fuck you nigger.
he cries about how they're jewing him but refuses to leave.
and yes, you should use a toilet.
No, you.
accumulate while they're suppressing the price
I transfered all my coins off after the BCH dump.
75% of the coins there are owned by a single person, which was obvious as fuck during the dump when the entire order book disappeared at once while other exchanges were barely moving down.
Im willing to bet those coins belongs to binance.
maybe they were 100001 sat orders that had 100000 sat bought off of them?