Tell a newfag a safe place to buy and sell crypto
Coinbase
Coinbase is a good start.
Coinbase>GDAXnow post more of dem titties
Your bedroom with the blinds drawn.
If that existed it'd be normie central.
Get in now while every site caters to white nerdy males.
4267732Thanks guise
Does /biz/ recommend Kraken, bitfinex and Binance?
is what im using right now
4267727i have about 2k to invest, you have any recommendations in therms of long and short-term gains?
bitconnect
Coinbase is the easiest place to buy imo, but not the cheapest tho.
They accept Visa and Bank transfers and with Visa the purchase happens immediately.To sell crypto idk, I've only used Finnish BTC-market bittiraha.fi, but if you aren't Finnish that won't do much good for you.
I'm Norwegian
B A Z O O N G A
Coinbase.
Once you get your first stuff try Binance.
4267818Whatever you decide to trade, always make sure you are holding at least 50% BTC at all times, no matter what.
Trade in alts with the other half.
As for what to invest in right now, besides BTC, I'm not sure.
Maybe after REQ or RPX settle down, buy in.
My last trade was LINK.
I bought for .15 and sold at the top at .54I'm waiting for the Palm Beach report to come out next week before I make my next trade.
Not the same girl.
safe placelol, no such thing.Only scams (i.e.
Bittrex) and places that have not yet proven to be scams (i.e.
Kraken).
/10 would pull out and shower her tits with jizz and then proceed to eat ass and pussy
Duly noted.
Blockfolio dude.
It's awesome
Post a link when it's out my dude
Gemini -- better and cheaper than Coinbase
how much bitbean to rub my dong between her milkers?
Dam I found her insta.. Nice tits but gross ass
None of them are trust worthy so just split accros all of then
Why is bittrex a scam?You mean bitfinex?
etherdelta for newly released tokens.
Why do you listen to those pnd rashid niggers?Lol they are terrible.
Yeah man last thing a newcomer should do is use etherdelta are you crazy?
not that hard.
just be a little careful.