Buy NEO (down 50% and sell)Buy WTC (keeps going down and sell)Buy OMG (goes down 50% and sell)Buy QTUM (goes down 50% and sell)Buy Chainlink and decide to not sell (goes up 200% and then down under)If I buy and sell, coin goes down after I buy and moons after I sellIf I buy and hodl, coin never moons just goes downStarted in August and lost all my money.
Goodbye /biz.
I'm hanging myself today.
I can't watch all the coins I sold go up and mine still going down.
Bye
lol
WAH LINK HASNT MADE ME MONEY EVEN THOUGH IT HAS NO PRODUCT YET BUT IS STILL ABOVE ICO WHICH IS A GOOD SIGN WAHhave some fucking patience
dont be a fucking pussy op stop selling low and buying high.
incoming hanging high and buried low.
I sold all my powr 2 days ago after making 5%.
Life is hard
Just hold and go cuck a chick you stupid little cunt.
%fucking whatyou are supposed to lose max 2% per trade
stop chasing lottery tickets and buy 1 bitcoin while it's still under 10k
You are weak and deserve to die.
You never would have made it anyway.
HA!
Don't do it OP
Let be real, OP gonna hang low
Just hold a couple big coins and wait.
Don't screw yourself out of a future where you've made it.
if it help.
i had the same feeling when i made 40% gains.
DO YOUR KEGELS FAGGOT OP.
SAVE YOUR MANHOOD FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
HERE'S A TOWL.
Just sell everything and all into BTS and BTC.
I started in august and started with $4000, I went down to $1600 and now I'm $4600, took me 3 weeks to recover from the loss.
I used to hold 1 BTC now 0.54 BTC so I'm STILL at a loss in terms of BTC
just in case1GmLP4qzJ1Wrnyn29zxB2q5bzqpafzbRyE
If you can still afford a rope, it means you are not done yet.
Get out there boi and buy yourself some of that good bitcoin
Went all in at peak NEO at .0062BTC with my whole portfolio (.722BTC)Lost it all.
Over 24 hours I went from .722BTC to .52BTC.
I mean you're just asking it for it then desu, have you learned nothing from trading?
Stream it and I will donate 0.1 btc to you my friend
Average /biz story.
Buy ATH, sell when it drops before it can recover.
Too bad nobody's gonna be around when all of OP's shitcoins moon.
Doesn'tHave like no money for this to be worthStarted with 4.6k.
About to go under 1kWill send laterSame
Thats a quality image
Man i don't understand why you guys go all in, look here, simple rules.
Take profits, don't chase pumps let it be a missed opportunity as there will be many for you to catch, E.G I caught NEO at 364k sats and many others too, I missed loads of pumps but never fomoed because I learned that if you fomo you will more likely lose your money
OP just buy BTC and bang sluts.
Good life.
I never had the chance to take profits cuz i started losing since day 1.
you're so fucking stupid.
you SELL HIGH, not when you're down.
that's literally all you have to do and you'll make profit.
this shit isn't difficult.
you deserve to die you pathetic cuck
ty i will tonight
WTCWell of course that's going to fall.
except i bought at $2.20 and watch if fall back to .70 cents during China FUD and sold for $1.
Not now