I started buying bitcoin late May into middle of June which was my last transaction that I ever did with coinbase.
(Pic related).
After 6 months of grinding I'm almost at the half a million mark.
There were days where I would day trade from when I got home to 5 am.
I work 40-50 hours a week currently, but I plan on buying a business early next year that does $150k-$200k yearly.
I hustled day and night and I want to tell you fellas that you can make these gains too if your really motivated and you stick with it.
There are times where I must of lost $30k-$50k at least 5x.
It's not because I made bad trades, its because i wasn't at my pc at that time.
I'm hoping I can hit the 7 figure mark before spring 2018.
Am I doing it right guys?
Or am I wasting my time with this magical currency.
fake and very, very gay

you're wasting your time crypto is a bubble nobody ever realises profit hurr durrrrrIf you wanted the same response my normie friends have given me, despite me taking profits daily...
I keep the 21 other btc in my electrum wallet.
If you want more proof let me know.
Stay grinding and hustling fellas.
Im so mad I didnt get to the game like you.
I fell for the >buy and holdmeme and now I have just been holding coins and watching them die.
I am spread so thin among so many coins that none of them are doing shit.
Im just fucking salty, now im in school full time and I cant even focus on it properly cause Im just thinking about all the fucking money I could be making if I actually learned my shit and traded properly.
I need further proof....15h5bXLB14KWRXxFK5sWA774mo6GN4Fxgv
rich Anon pls help a biz brotha out, I just lost my bittrex account the day after I lost my job, waking up to find my account hacked, everything gone D:btc: just .1 will get me going 1FheuTFQAjnSAa3voepQNksmUwi39iju2L
How often would you go all in?How many coins would you have in your portfolio at any give time?
congrats, great jobbut please tell:what to dohow to dotaech me pleaseplease
Did you ever follow /biz/ advice, or is it just a place to vent and have fun?
43840664384045
Which coin made you the most gainz?Whats your day trading strategy
rich if true
I'm holding nothing but Bitcoin right now.
I'm on my phone as we speak.
I'm a feel trader.
I don't take biz advice what so ever.
The market is so manipulated your best bet is to just feel the market out day by day.
I'm staying away from alts until the next Alt-coin bullrun.
If BTC exceeds 8k+ the alts will continue to bleed in my opinion.
btc will crash hard tomorrow when the uninformed normies find out the fork has been cancelled.
nice just bought 100k
I'll respond to post more in depth when I get home.
Currently going for a buddy
Dude even if this was a waste of time with such a trackrecord you could trade at almost any hedgefund or bank...
But its not fiary dust and wow.
Any tips?
I started with about 200 dollars a few months ago and I turned that into a 1,2k now.. but I'm kinda lost on what to do.
I'm not really a daytrader and all ICOs seem like shit.
Wouldn't it be way easier to just post your BTC address?
hey, make sure you sell 25% to fiat, and put 25% in safe coins (eth xmr, btc, ltc)i was at 900k and now i am at 150k.
you can tilt extremely easily.
spotted the LINKtard
Buy when it's crashing???
yeah i got justD on 0x, link, bcc.
also some margin trading gone wrongi fell for the memes
hodl
What was your big win OP?
ETH from $13-$400?