UNDER $1300 ?!
I WAS TOLD THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE.Chart is looking really bad, I don't think I can hold it....
wont be a trendemail me rishen100@gmail.com if you want to learn how to invest in crypto currency
Begone.
If you're trading against fiat you probably shouldn't be in crypto anyway.
Bitch I held through 1200 the entire dayGrow a pair or just sell if you can't take it
Day trade it.
Free money.
Predictable as hell swings.
Other than that.
Yes, it's dying.
I got that pink feel....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU
have a soar throat and cold>see video>laugh so hard my throat starts bleedingthanks anon
It won't hold.
Everyone in crypto knows this coin was a PnD.
This BCH shitcoin is digital rat poison
Literally 90% of /biz/ Amazing
Count your lucky stars that jihan is willing to exchange that much value to prop up a chinkcoin that by all rights should be worthless
Made my 3k loss feel much better, thanks
Literally 20 times more rare than btc
Poloniex holds the Bitcoin Plus development wallet which sits at 14,000 shares and stakes 20% yearly until 2030 or so.
They aren't de-listing Bitcoin Plus anytime soon.
Bittrex and other exchanges will follow suit and add Bitcoin Plus probably next year.
When the $$$ make sense they all follow suit.Bitcoin Plus is following the same pattern and path that Bitcoin did early on.
1-2 years from now there will be people on here posting how they wish they would have bought this at $50 each...now it's $10,000 each.
There are now 10+ Digital Currencies with a billion dollar marketcap and I would gamble that Bitcoin Plus will be another billion dollar plus marketcap coin in 2 years.
You have massive amounts of development taking place in this coin that we would have only dreamed of a year ago like SegWit, major Dev, and a 100 more things.
And the developments are just getting startedBitcoin Plus is no joke.
This one is as real as it gets.
And the knuckleheads that come on here and post Scam Coin are as dumb as it gets.
Every coin has those people.
Bitcoin has had them forever.When Hedge Funds start eating Bitcoin Plus it will be a new adventure like we've never seen before.
And they are coming.
is the bottom
Stop shilling your coin where literally the top 3 people control 60% of all the coins kek