 years old>forced into le trade meme at 16 by dad>give it everything i've got, still shit at it and co workers dont like me>pain worse than death, pray i dont wake up in the morning>want to quit and pursue a different career that utilizes my skill sets >dad will kick me out of home if i quit >no friends to stay with what do
Kneepads
join military, tell your dad to fuck off
unironically this
Stop being an ungrateful little shit
you're young, brokeep doing it for a while and save some dosh to put to something else eventually.
really the hardest part about investing or something is the starting capital since most people only have manual labor and their time to leverage.
buy ETH
stop being so useless holy shit.
?
Unironically the military.
You'll be in your very early twenties and be able to be a welfare baby from there on out after you finish your time.
If you live in the US you get free college and education/training and you get free meals on Veterans Day by businesses.
Sounds like you have ambitions so I'd suggest this as a way to escape your dad and learn some tough shit along the way, maybe even die.
Wouldn't that be something?
so what's the trade?
I used to work a trade as well.
Get out ASAP.
The longer you stay the worse it will be.
Tradesmen are garbage trash people to be around.
Maybe join the army or something, it might make your dad less mad.
Disregard all these posts telling you to join the military.
Make your own military!
Write propaganda pamphlets for the kiddies to hook them in young.
Who knows, 10-20 years from now you could be the next 3rd world dictator that everyone props up as the boogeyman.
Then you could nuke your dad for giving you a job all those years ago.
Save money, then find your career whatever job (without telling dad), then find an apartment and go b urself.
You're living for free at home while earning a wage.
Take the opportunity to build a decent chunk of savings that can keep you afloat while studying or moving or jobsearching or interning or whatever it is you need to do on the path to your career.
shared housing