Too much pedo talk and not enough JUST threads, in this topic we post our losses and consolidate each other while ignoring those who only want to laugh at our misfortunes.Remember this a safe space, your among brothers here.Honary BCH Bagholders include Digimarines and Linklets.Ill start, down from 0.48 btc to 0.21 btc
7k winnings, bought at 390
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIT HURTS
Holding .235 bags here.. sell order pending .237
But anon, don't you see the pump back to 0.19?
One green candle means the flippening is still on!
> He doesn't even have 1 btc
down from .30 to .15 btcsucks, but I'm holding till the next pump
Idk what to do, could've got a lot of sweet earnings but decided to hold a little to long now I'm down 110%Help pls
Sold everything except muh links to join bch at 0.21 when Eggman sent his advice to buy.I'm pretty confident he knows what's up and we will make gains soon enough
.4 to .17during a transaction time I would've sold straight after... perfect timing, thanks universe
What do you guys plan to buy after getting out to recover the losses?
110%Did BCH beat you up and steal your bank info too?
Got out at the very very top, started to crash a bit, got in, next thing i know binances entire order book is wiped out, shit ass exchange.
Everywhere else was still up.
this is like a nightmare
My brother in law bought 50 btc worth of BCH at 0.5 then 2 mins later it was at 0.2.
kinda glad i dont/didnt, i would only have been more justed that i am now.I for the love of god hope theres alteast one minor pump, ive already kicked my cat twice today and dont think he can survive a third time.
Started with $270 investment on Tuesday in crypto.
With NULS and BCH it mooned to $1100.
After unsuccessful day trading I now have $430 in my wallet.
I'm still up by BCH chasing destroyed my profits.JUST
This is worse than that
i love the tears.
i warned you faggots.
don't fall for shitcoin Trash.
but you faggots did.
hahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhahahahahahhahahaahhaha
you should probably check if he's alive
Can I just suggest that you slow down and think next time?All of this occured in the span of one weekend.
Two days.
In two days so many people came to the unequivocal conclusion that BTC is dead and BCH is the replacement.
Then makes fast & loose decisions based on the notion.This isn’t a good idea in any investment.
“Check yourself before you wreck yourself”
you all panic through a consolidation phase?
do you let the coreblue shills cause you to panic sell too?
never gonna make it
You're a piece of shit
music to my ears
SHUT UPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
If it wasn't for me being retarded I would've x2 my initial investment tho.
I had the chance right there in front of me but greediness fucked me up.
Fesslbatman.
AHAHAHAHHAHAdumb faggot.
you fell for a scam.
btc is king.
they made this whlole fucking thing.
you followed a faggot kangaroo in mom jeans.
what did you expect you mongoloid?
Listen if you want to make your money back buy MCO, they're dropping news in around 1.5 hours.
Should rise.
You're welcome.
i remember the 1000btc whales buy orders like 2 minutes before bithumb went down, some people lost mega moneyhalf the people were just riding the waves desu, it took 4-5 hours to reach ath from 2000k sats then dumped to 50% within 10 minutes flat, i was monetary rape on a colossal scale.still having flashbacks.
you bit the hand that fed you.
You stabbed you mother in the back.
without btc and people who are working on it everyday, none of this would have existed.
you deserve it.
Meh if he put 1000btc means he probably got like 10000 btc.
Most of us went all in having 1 or 2 btc.
Very different.
nothing, going to ride bch into the groundas long as I hold some, the price will never recover - but the second I sell, it'll go to the moonthat's how this works
nernererrrrrruahahah AHAHAHA AHHHHHHHHHH
Yeah no one gives a flying fuck about that desu.We all saw it was mooning hard and jumped in.This is market when a fucking a skateboard and a bunch of stickers can make a coin skyrocket while akchually good project like Link tank.
Nothing makes sense.Whatever.
im doing great.
i call them.
i know what is shit, and what is not.
sometimes i get fooled, but if you couldn't see BCH as a scam shit coin you need to hang it up.
this isnt' for you
you could have just parked yourself on BTC for the past 24 hours and made 15% but nah, you had to listen to reddit and P&D shillsBTC is a brand now, it's the only thing normies recognize in the field of cryptocurrency, it's been around since 2009, it was born in the ashes of the recession, and the only thing that will kill it is government regulation that shuts down all crypto
considering 70% of the volume was coming form bithumb i can assure you some big timers got royally fucked in this, theres rumours flying around the korean mafia lost a shitton due to this, the exchange went down then it started dumping a few minutes afterwards, people seem to think it was the other way around.
fuggis he still bag holding?I'm holding 60+ BCH and basically all in but I'm still in the green at my buy-in average cost
get rekt faggot.
you'll get whats coming.
rumorswhere can I hear these rumors too anon
Read the OP and kindly fuck off, this is a space space, thank you.
Anyone saying they bought BCH at 0.5 is a larping faggot.
It was only that high for 2 minutes then it dumped.
No one bought the top of that.
i want to believe this is true, but i know not even /biz/'s brother in law is that stupid
That's what you don't get, everything is a scamm and a pnd.
You just have to be on the rights side of the pnd/scam at the right time and that's it.
It's not that btc is officially supported by some bs organization and if something goes wrong you ca go to complain kek.
Everything is a meme.I don't believe that.
If they are smart enough to make synch a pnd in a matter of hours how come they didn't use multiple exchanges instead of one.
Not to mention koreans' volume during the pump was 40% and now is 31%.
Its not like it was 99% or anything.
Down from .41 to .26.
Contemplating suicide.
Cryptotrading in china is still banned and they only have a handfull of exchanges they can loophole out of, Bithumb being/was one of them, the hashrate flippening at the time was evident it was them that was making the big moves, someone literally moved over 20 billion $ in the space of 10 minutes and i doubt it was miners.
for 100% certain we know the koreans are absolutely assblasted and they started piling up outside the bithumb office and cops showed up.https://twitter.com/CryptoKorean/status/930142830416351232
Well... this is me.I'm still holding some though, at -40%
Vpn/vps
wrong.
check the orders.
someone placed a multi million dollar buy at the top.
someone got JUST'd harder than any of us.
Link it so I can laugh.
Don't you think that was roger?
Yeah.
At least some of you people didn't fucking buy 200+ BTC worth of BCH at 0.5
wut?
It really won't matter in a few months from now.
I'm imagining that wasn't even close to their entire stack.
They can use vpns to use any exchange.
I saw like three 1000 btc buy orders at 0.26, 0.29 and 0.3I think the first one was completely filled, the rest partially filled.
some mega whale got rekt
That mega whale probably has like 99k btc and this is nothing to him.
and what happens when they want to withdraw btc?, verification is still a thing, even in the asian markets,Its well known Bithumb is used by the chinese after the ban occured, also miners.
>be me>wake up almost at the ens of the pump>drowsy, see bch is $2200 and btc is at $5500>oh noes the flippening is happening right now better get into bch quickly>place buy order on bittrex at .35, site is all laggy>see that bch is going down like a rock, try to cancel order>ERROR popups, phew, hopefully it didn't got thru>refrex page, see in horror i bought 18 bch at .35>price is now .27>i-it will go back up its just a dip hehe mins later its at .20>lose $13,000 in 5 minutes>mfw
Pay 1 btc to any random person for his verified account and use a vpn from that country.
if you want to recover any money get the fuck in MCO now.
Last chance.
News in less than an hour
Kek, if it makes you feel better i lost 70k on LINK last month
Need more than that buddy.
Fucking fuck.
Please tell me you're a whale that was nothing to you.
But link has more chances to hit ATH again than this... you shouldn't have sold.
fair enough, though its stupid to think the Koreans pumped this shit by themselvesfuck i forgot about the error messages bittrex was throwing up, for a site that trades $ billions everyday you would have thought the could could buy some more fucking severs.
tfw I bought at 500$, I was awake at the 0.4 crash and I am still holding, I missed so much potential money because of my retardness and greedyness.
Welp, guess I learned

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfAnshCKW9s
I bought $200 worth at $600 3 days back.
I sold around .42 and made enough to buy 5,000 RCN just sitting on that until the whales catch wind of its potential
Anti-bcash here, but I have to say, it is consolidating just above its pre-pump ATH... this might be a long war.
i bought 11 coins at 0.12 and havent sold yet.im kinda nervous, is there going to be another pump or should i just take my profits?
it will moon but then it'll dump again, whales are trying to maximize their profits for the flippening frenzy.
Dude just get the fuck out next time it hits 0.2 and look elsewhere, maybe it'll come back but it's really looking like us 0.3+ers are fucked.
made $200 scalping this shitcoin with PBC release today.
Not going to hold this shitcoin ofc
4354547just gtfo this shitcoin already, you fomoers are going to get fucked royally when you wake up tomorrow
We post our losses?
I went all in at like 0.08
this junk will be worth pennies tomorrow...i was shilling it hard all weekend lol
dump when it hits .2you mean .02?
this shit won't hit .2 again
BCH went from $300 to stable $1200 in like a week.
If you lost money on it you just suck at this.
Me too still up over double my money this week
It's almost .19 at the moment, it could happen.
Could just sell now to be safe though.
lol this coin is a joke.
4354573 Fuck you for not shilling me on on our before it mooned
why would whales shill a coin they planned on pumping?
they only shill when they want to unload bags
I shilled it at $400.
You fucks dont listen until its up 200%
>Put $3 into BCH>Lose $1.50JUST
There was so much shilling before the pumps now that the pump is over, there's no more shilling and there's now skepticism whether or not BCH holders were duped by a group of notorious people
up around 115% since 48 hours, ask me anything
How do I learn.
Idk wtf you guys are talking aboutI'm still holding comfy.
Got in at 700 bucks

literally just buy dips and sell highsdon't FOMO buy and don't try to buy the lowest of lows, just take the middle points i'm new to trading but it all seems like common sense.
Same lmao, it was shilled on here at that price as well
Well obviously, I'm brand new and I know that as well.
But how do you manage it?
How do you, personally, manage buying in dips and selling at highs without fucking yourself with fees or some other bullshit?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDVmG0Xh3wIbcc kek back to the shadows
What fees?
can I pm you somehow?
it's a long discussioni use an exchange with low fees and I go all in on my instinct.
people say not to go all in.
I figure- if I am destined to go bankrupt so be it.
you have to have a certain level of balls-to-the-wallery to daytrade forex, which is what this isemail me sjob060@uottawa.ca
ETC mooning still
ETCcan you explain to me in 250 words or less why an average user would pick ETC over the other coins
Trading fees...I'm not set up for a PM discussion right now, are there any pointers you can give now?
I'm only set up on Bittrex at the moment, do you use any automation etc.?
no automation.
it's not possible to predict human movements with automation and I think that's what keeps me ahead of the game.
you have to follow all the news.I just use kraken (which is the least nimble exchange- I am canadian tho so funding from CAD is hard.
)my advice would be pay attention to the news and if you don't understand computer science just buy BTC and hodli think trading is just something you get or you don't.
it really seems like common sense to me.
markets have patterns which are easy to spot if you have an autistic brain like mine and you can just tell when the market is going up and down.
I don't have any magic advice for you other than buy low sell high.if you have money and can pay me $30k/y+ I will manage your money for you, I'm a broke canadian with a knack for trading but no capital
Got in at 300 and 650 here.
you're out to BTC now, right?
Use big enough capital.
I don't buy a coin with less than 500 bucks
But I thought BCH had instant trustable 0 conf transactions?
That's what I did with BCH...
i just use Krakenhow the hell do you make any real money?
Do you do any particular coins or literally anything?
to be honest?too smart for my own goodyou can't be nimble with kraken but you can place orders just fine with 1-2 mins notice.
literally just BTC/BCH for gains, with long-term investment in BTCI have faith in ETH but I understand psychology and what's gonna happen is mass adoption of BTC *then* an exodus to ETH and other coins
Any XMR or is it too slow/no future?
I don't fuck with altcoins because normies won't invest in them for 10 years
Yeah but you didn't buy the dips you chased the pumps.
If you bought the dip you would've made so much money
Yeah it was my first time experimenting with crypto for more than buying btc -> instantly send to other guy.
I got super greedy and didn't realize it would crash on the same day, I thought we were looking at a steady rise for the next month.
BCHKRW sell wall looking real thin boys
I thought we were looking at a steady rise for the next month.fucking delusional, you deserve to make bad trades.
Yeah it was my first time experimenting with cryptoNot delusional, clueless.
Fucking retard.
he'll learn quick, hopefully.. for his sake
No, there is no such thing.
You got greedy and had dollar signs in your eyes.
nigga do your research.i hope you didn't invest a sig.
amount
No, only around $300.
up 115%>but i'm broke tho>investments in bt and bch only>but pay me 30k/yr thoShut the fuck up, canadia fag, you ain't made shit besides 5 dolla
The Roger transaction hadn't confirmed yet.
Proof?
I saw 16 confirmations in one image.
I don't remember it being.
Don't have proof could be wrong.
if people just put 70% into btc and trade alts with other 30% you'll be set regardless of if you get JUSTd by alts
0.25 bags
I've just held my BCH I got from the split and traded it up twice for a marginal BCH increase.
I'm not that invested in its success.
Might honestly be better for me that it dies and BTC continues its rise to 10K.I think it's good that BTC is getting a wake-up call though in terms of fees and technology.
>selling btc for bch is just like selling btc because youre going long and short on the same asset
i.e>the people who sold btc for bch during the pump are holding the price to where its at.
those responsible for the pump have dumped hence why its not moving as fast as it was.i.e >no new money coming in retardsi.e>you all got played.i.e>it was over the moment bithumb went down