XMR is about to break out again, just wanted to let you know
Was in it last night, new it was going up 10% by T and A. Whale shook me out with a half mil sell wall before I went to sleep.
woke up this morning to it climbing 10% without me.
Lost out on $600.
faggot whales.
lol.
*knew, even.
>tfw bought the dip at 85who else /comfy/?
What makes you say that?
my magic meme lines
here we go go go
$150.10 looks like a good entry on my T and A.
Thinking about it.
It's not ready yet.
those are Bots.
and there is no " go go go to monero.
just a steady over all climb right now.
I'm sorry anon, but we have already achieved lift off, 150 seems unrealistic
The overall price is not going to 150.
I just usually set my buy 2 or 3 bucks low so I catch the occasional retard selling.
lol.
just got halfay through my 1st cup of coffee, and realised I still have my namefag on from last night when I was being goofy.
I just shorted it.
Am I going to make it?
RIP.
lol.
I'm not even in right now, and I can tell you you goofed.
I'll give you my addy, and just send your estimated losses to me.
why waste them.
What soft of fiat prices will we see?
Easily over $200, maybe $230ish?
yes, you just made some fiat money.
congratulations.
but where the rest of us are going, we're not gonna need fiat.
and when we do change to fiat, its gonna be a lot more than where it is now.
F
Sell your shit coins and buy Monero.
It's gonna moon hard over the break after all the normie aunts and uncles learn about it from their Chad nephews over Thanksgiving dinner
Conservatively I'm expecting $350 by end of December
This is going to be the best coin to be in for the next 2 weeks at least.
I saw the trend reversing and got in a little past $100 for 20 percent of my portfolio, then thirty percent more at a little above $110.
This shit is going to $200 no problem, early money is still accumulating on it, so there's not a FOMO wave yet.
It's coming, and you want to be in before it does.
Still going to keep this as a long term hold, might sell some when it's overbought, but I haven't decided when that will be.
Could be $200, but I'm thinking the FOMO will start in around $170-$175, and it may not stop until $250-$300.
Any other suggestions as to when it will be overbought?
Yeah I am definitely staying in here to stay safe and enjoy some slow but steady gains.It is hard to predict when it is overbought as BTC BCH drama could increase the rise of XMR exponentially
WHYWHY>WHYWHY>WHYWHY>WHYTHE ONLY ORACLE WE CARE ABOUT IS THE DECENTRALISED ORACLE LINK IS DEVELOPING.
KEEP YOUR BASELESS (and therefore USELESS) PREDICTIONS RESTRICTED TO REDDIT PLEASE AND THANK YOU.
The only reason I bought Monero last week was to buy more LINK with the gains
I'm sorry my baseless and therefore useless predictions did not satisfy your needs, I hope you will recover from your link loss and you will find some inner peace
its already peaking on the 4 hour stoch RSI.
Wait a few hours and buy the dip; this shit is gonna blow up between now and Hannukkah.
are you offended?
Fuck sake the state of /biz/ these days makes me sad
calm down baby.
This is the first time that beautiful rocket ship has broken through the clouds in days.
Next stop; the moon.
No luckily I do not get offended that easily.
You seem to hold some unhealthy amount of frustration though, have you ever tried some naked yoga?
Still not a good entry spot yet tho, price should drop over the next few hours...
I'm frustrated at all the newfags coming to /biz/ because /biz/ is making money, then having those newfags post unreal amounts of useless shit which doesn't make money.It's like joining a golf club because you want to play golf, then when you get there you pull your pants down and start shitting while you run.
It's fucking annoying and all of the existing members that know what they're doing get fed up.Go the fuck back to your safe space
Got in at 50.
Got in ltc at 54.I'm comfy af.
I just got it at 189 sats.
Should i sell at 191 sats and rebuy if u claim there's a dip coming?
And this is your argument for...?link?..........
are there any solid exchanges with xmr\fiat (not tether) pairs?
is kraken ok?
or can you trade on bithumb without identification?
Is it worth buying now or is it too late?
selling XMR to buy shitcoinsSome people are destined to be poor.
They'll never make it, and if they do get lucky they'll never keep it
It is never too late for someone of your discerning tastes
if you're not in already, I would wait and get in when it has positive momentum again
Long HODL up to $200 at least... 30% gain is nothing to cry about.
Once kovri is complete, this will be shilled and overbought to $350... expect $1000 by eoy 2018...
Remember this: this coin has zero market yet but is the only “shit coin” that has consistently gained in BTC value over this year...
zero market I meant zero marketing
For you to shut the fuck up and lurk more before you post useless shit
how low is the dip going to be?
It's starting now but I gotta be somewhere in an hour.
Or should I just buy now if I'm planning to hold a few weeks anyway
Uh.. the darknet markets are switching to Monero, some exclusively.
The markets are kinda quiet at the moment but once they take off again Monero demand will skyrocket.
And just wait until some seriously wealthy people figure out Monero is better than a Swiss bank account.
Politicians will never ban it once they learn they can use it themselves
so where is the breakout?
It is happening as we speak.Monero does not have a monster volume, so it gradually breaks out of a pattern, people slowly start noticing it and as volume increases so does the price exponentially.
Do not expect 20% gains in 1 minute on this, but you can expect the break outs to be steady and solid.
are you offended?
Fuck sake the state of /biz/ these days makes me sad
welp i know it broke out during last night and this morning, but atm it's sitting below the high.
so that's why I'm skeptical
wew lad calm the fuck down before I fuck your ass
I guess we're looking at different exchanges, as it already broke 24h high on Bittrex.It gained a solid +3% since I started this thread and it seems to have pick up more momentum now as predicted
Sold my shitcoins to go with XMR.I'm out of the shitcoin business after REQ for good.
Well it depends if you consider NEO,OMG shitcoins.
Very out of the mega shitcoins anyway.BTC,ETH,XMR,NEO,OMG for here on out.
Might pick up BCH on the dips.
Heating the room while quenching XMR feels comfy
Who /I'll never sell/ here?This might be the shittiest meme I've ever made
nah i will sell if it reaches a good ath, and then rebuy when it corrects
where are you aiming for?
same, but never my full stack.
always hodl 21
I sold at 110 and at 140.Reereeeererrreeeeeeeer
holding for 225
you know that Monero's ATH is 0.038 btc right?
I'm going to simply hold XMR.
The one coin with an actual real life present day use case.No one actually transacts with BTC anymore and now the word is out the govt can track you if they really wanted to.
why do you base your gains on btc?
it's volatile as hell, I base my gains on fiat, where i can actually use it for whatever i want .
and not have to pay huge ass transaction fees
Buy up to $1000 - XMR just keeps chugging along.
Fuck the drama
I'm aiming for 190 dollars, around that.
As I buy with btc, I always think it should increase in btc value, otherwise it would have been better to hold btc.But I agree with your point, its volatility makes it a bad denominator, especially over the last half year.
NEO and OMG are shitcoins as well, sell them chink shits right now
Why is NEO bad?
What about GAS?
Someone get this guy a puppy
It's just a garbage centralized chink shitcoin with no working product that relies on announcement countdowns to pump and dump
well btc hasn't been adopted enough for me to consider using it daily for what i need.But come on transaction fees are ridiculous, for example i want to send, let's say 20 euros to my steam account, I need to pay 5 to send from an exchange to bitpay then another 5 euros to send to steam, it's bad man
mind as well use my debit card and pay cents to an euro in fees to do any kind of transaction to steam.
Don't care.
Chink government does what it always does.
Pick a company as /their guy/ and then try to steal the Western version's tech and clone it.
In terms of geopolitics in business, it seems many of you guys are autistic.
'Acksually, this products is better.'
Who fucking cares?
just look at this and tell me what you see
It's going to spike really fucking hard.This is the one coin where I don't actually see people constantly shit on.
Like at all.
definitely coinmarketcap, definitely.
gotta go to kmart, get some coinmarketcap.
just look at this and tell me what you seei see there is no pnd fuckery happeningjust solid growing demand
Sell OMG and NEO... pick up LTC... then you will have the Noah’s Arc of Crypto portfolios
I can't.
I hate that Charlie Lee faggot.
Ditto.Also gratz on OP calling the breakout!> TA is still astrology
Same, gonna long it again after it comes back down a bit
For everyone who is talking about f they’ve already missed the boat, I’ve consistently bought this at differet points over the last 3 weeks and have yet to even the slightest fucking loss on any of my entry points.The BTC/BCC shit, and with the possible tether FUD upcoming, I have never been comfier with a hold.
I'm with you here.
I've went in about 80% ($10000) on Monero simply because I was sick of other alts bleeding me dry and all the BCH drama.
Looked around for something I could hold forever and wait for all this to die down and that was Monero.From the amount of other posts here, many other people are in the same boat.
Sick and tired of being fucked by BTC and would prefer to hold it in an alt.Also explains the organic growth rate.
I moved all my Monero to a cold wallet so I wouldn't be tempted to sell, the lord is tempting me to time the market again.If you're rebuying then all that matters is the difference from where you leave and reenter.
ATH could be 0.1 but swapping out and in at 0.001 to 0.0005 is still good.
Likewise - I've been buying since $85, I even bought at $147 last night and just bought at $158.
XMR is the true king and is going to claim the throne
Did this also apply to you?
Fluffypony is a huge faggot too... doesn’t make XMR any less of a good product...It’s going to ride BTC coattails with the LN meme.
Sort of, I'm only in with 50% though.
I got sick of being Justed by shitcoins, trying to time the market, and was too late in the game to hodl BTC.
So I just decided to hodl a few things I think will go the distance for a few years instead.It's going to sting not selling to buy more low though, but Bittrex's withdrawal fee was so large I don't want to have had to do it twice for no reason.
You gotta be 12 years old or younger to be believing this crap and investing in "neo".
The 0.04 XMR transaction fee is eye-watering though...
Transaction fee is only 0.0036 in the GUI wallet
For actual real life internet buys of tangible products it's nothing compared to fiat money fees
ive been in at 38 with 25 since this shit began thanks random anon
XMR transfers are also slow as shit
Just so you guys know, when monero hits the 180-200$ range, it becomes profitable to mine it with spot AWS instances.
That means an essentially unlimited cap on it's upward momentum.
So what do we think in the short term lads?
Resistance at 2mm?
seeBittrex (and other exchanges) are just fucking us unfortunately.
SHOULD I GO IN NOW OR WAIT FOR A DIP
Well isn't this interesting!I like the fact that the JS miner is using it as well, although my gut feeling is that more miners creates more sell-pressure rather than buy?What makes you think it'll go up?
4508625u2u m8 everything is having a good time right now I expect the usual sea of red anytime soon.
You should be okay if you actually HODL
 Yeah i get that, just a bit uneasy at holding 1-5 XMR on exchanges in case of regulators putting pressure on them to put roadblocks on XMR - but spending 0.04 to transfer 3 XMR is steep and getting steeper.
Cunts.
major bullrun incoming boys, selling volume decreased while buy volume is increasing every minute, next few hours will be crazy especially since xmr is available on great asian exchanges
Yeah I'm with you, see I also wanted them off the exchange since I planned to hodl and didn't want them getting fucked with.
I pulled out 6 at once though so .04 was less of a hit, still fucking dumb though.
My theory is, when /biz/ starts shilling hard on a coin, you're already too late, better wait or short till a good reentry comes back, XMR isn't just some pnd shitcoin
I'd usually say you're right, although my gut feeling is that this isn't a PnD.
Not in the traditional sense anyway, it feels like it has been too slow for that with no obvious accumulation.If you're actually gonna hold and not panic sell then why not get in anyway?
Could be another 10% in it.
Sauce on Xmr LN support?
It's not a PnD, it's just being re-rated by the market.Similar to when ETH skyrocketed when people realised big businesses had an interest in it, this time people have realised blockchain transactions are trackable, and that's a serious problem if you're purchasing illegal things.
Yeah, I closed my short, and went back long too much momentum, happy mooning to all
We broke 0.02 boys!
It's more than darknet purchasing.
It's about being able to do a face-to-face transaction and not get stabbed because they can't look up your balance.
You can only hope that you don't get stabbed in a face-to-face with BTC/LTC/et al.
Will it go to $200 at this rate?
mate biz has been shilling this coin hard for the past few weeks
Sorry yeah that's what I meant.
XMR will never go much further past $200 because of the unlimited computing power that can be rented to create it at that point.
I consider 5+ posts on the same coin hard shilling, I would know, I've been shilling XMR the last few weeks, but what the fuck do I know, I'm just gonna hodl and forget
*threads
tell me in what way have i shilled for xmr in this thread?
I'm waiting.
4508571you guys do not understand how proof of work works.
First of all, the blockrewards stays the same, so the amount of XMR minted stays the same.
assuming all the miners sell their XMR immediately anyway, there will be no change in sellpressure.
Also, XMR has a relatively fast difficult adjustment, so there won't be a BCH situation either where blocks are coming in way too fast.
Should I wait for it to dip or just buy in now?
yes
don't think he meant LN for xmr, just the LN drama with btc.Could be wrong tho
It's going to $1000.
Eventually.
Wait for a dip, even if it's a minor one.
It will be below this price again.
4509500Listen to the man himself.> https://monero.stackexchange.com/questions/88/could-something-like-the-bitcoin-lightning-network-be-implemented-for-monero
SHIT I sold at .0194 expecting it to correct.Should I fomo back in or wait?But what if it goes up?But what if it tanks?I am too emotional to decide atm, first reply decides for me
Easy solution here, goy.
Make sure to meet jews for face to face transactions, they only stab you in the back.
Stop trying to daytrade if you're too emotional / not experienced enough.
Just hold.
Just sold all my xmr.
That was a fun ride.
Now it's time to go down, so I can get some again.
Wait til dip.
Where's the ATH at in your opinion?
I think it has to be around $165, i.e.
now.
Hah.
Doesn't look like that's happening I'm afraid dude
I was talking about LTC because of anon shitting on Charlie Lee...
Yeah, the order book looks pretty crazy
What wallet do you use for monero?
About now.
I think 200 is in our grasps though.
still going up, get back in
it already head a quite few dips before breaking ath.
so im guessing we'll be expecting one at 190 or 200 and retest of ath breakpoint
I still use the official cli wallet and probably always will.
Apparently the gui wallet is good now though.
Agree with this guy.
The CLI, while not pretty, is too precise and stable to pass up.
you're right but I need to trade to gain experiencethanks will dotoo late buddy could've rolled a die as well but I'll trust biz for once
daytrading XMRHoney, I...
It's also really simple desu.
Just broken 200 lads, at least on trex
we are going for 200$ this week
Sorry got my digits wrong.
Meant 0.02
i know sir
its fucking happening boysi just paid off my tuition for this year
Congrats....
...yes?
It's just holding up, have to constantly rise stop loss.
I wasn't referring to you, I was referring to /biz/ itself
Just bought into XMR 30 minutes ago, did I do a good?
I agree with that one dude about the market re-assessing its value.
I'd expect the darknet to fully migrate at this point, given time.
From then it's fully legit.My gut feeling is that everyone can see an upcoming BTC/BCH standoff and those that want no part of either that or Tether are siding with Monero.
Order book still looks in favor, but I would set up stop loss since you just bought in.
If we break 0.21 tonight we'll be in a fucking cracking position going off the trex order book.Know where I can get one that aggregates exchanges?
Don't forget the soon to be released hardware wallet :)The best coin to keep your money out of sight
exactly what i did, fuck the btc/bch/tether drama
ONE SEVENTY
WHY DIDN'T I BUY MOREgod damn I considered trading my entire BTC stack for XMR the other day.
WHY didn't I do that.Glad I liquidated my DNT and ZRX for it though, they've sat doing fuck all for ages now
Just broke $170 wow
Same.
97% in Monero, lol
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIT LIFTOFF

It does not seem to stop.
I sincerely hope it goes down hard so I can sell near the peak and increase my stack.
Should I sell at 190 and wait for the correction to buy more?I don't fucking know anymore
We're gonna fucking break 0.021 here aren't we?
That's it I'm canceling my stop gain, and just keep stop losses.
I have no clue what the ATH will be.
madeI picked up 2 at 139 tonight I was going to buy XRPTruly decentralized and private I think this is going to be the next big one, on the money laundering potential alone !
We did
451026845102094510241
thank fucking god I always do opposite of what biz says#1 rule on this board
Fluffy is a cuck to the community that can only be a good thing
14 BTC .021 sell wall on trex was just getting eaten in 1min ... poor whale
Okay its been broken on trex.
900 or so wall.
Don't know what the fuck is going on but my god does it feel nice to be on the right side of a trade for onceHow I'd kill for us to overtake LTC
How far are we going.
Jesus
Don't sell if you don't need the money,if you flip coins all day you'll never be comfy
I didnt check bittrex all day and left a sell order of 20 XMR open at .019 :'(FUCK
cashed out my 1000% profits from POWR and went all in at XMRhad already bought some at 88$, then at 120$ and now at 170$
Order book still holding up.
Monero $2k year end 2018It will hit $1k early in new year and then plummet to $400 before massive summer gains.Hold and win, hold and win.
Those who were waiting, here's your dip.
yup bithumb with 30% volume still trading at .0206
is he going to miss the dip again?
buy the dip
that is a load of bullshit.i hate you fucks that say the most ridiculous shit
k in Zimbabwe
DIP IS NOW, THEN WE FIND OUT JUST HOW REAL THIS BOY ISI'M SO COMFY WITH 50+ XMR THIS IS THE MOST MONEY I'VE EVER HAD I OROMISE IN NOT EMOTIONAL
:)
Bids are overtaking asks.
Might be we go up again unless steam runs out.
Aaahhhhhh fuck dude.
That's a nice stack.
Should easily be 30-50k by mid-late 2018.Hold and don't sell like my faggot ass did.
I threw away about $2k of XMR gains to buy shit.I'm converting half of my gains and original investments to XMR.
My goal is to have 100 XMR by EOY.
Shifting my XMR % to 25-30%, matching BTC and ETH.I unironically believe XMR is going to be top 5 within 3-6 months and top 3 by EOY 2018.
I was watching both Bitfinex and Kraken and the dip happened only on the former while I was waiting on Kraken.
lol
Let me tell you something manIn may, someone said that bitcoin was going to 10k.
I didn't listen to him.
seriously
+ Monero.
Will I make it?
Did you buy the pajeet shills and invest in verge by any chance?Tfw handing in my notice tomorrow if xmr holds.
So so comfy, been waiting since January.Good luck fellow lids, remember, we are all going to make it.
Nigga you've just attached to XMR-fuelingstation-B and are headed on 2 year mission to Jupiter.
Go into deep sleep and set alarm for 12/15/2019.
>tfw 25% in XMRI should convert some of my LTC to XMR, my ZEC is performing too well right now to get rid of.
My XRP is shit, but I'm only 8% in it.
but i did listen to that.
im a millionaire right now.
to think that xmr is going to 1k in a month and a half though, is retarded.
you dont understand the heart of man.
This.
Despite knowing I could have definitely made a profit shorting this at peak, I feel a lot more relaxed and satisfied just holding.
All right, we are running out of steam.
This might be the end.
Can I have some money please sir?
I wanna make it.
If I make it I will be a good boy and donate more than half my wealth to society.
Just bought another 12 at the tip.
Am i going to make it?
a cryptocoin gaining $800 in 3 months is a stupid idea, you don't know anything about humans or markets>but I'm completely behind Btc which has been gaining $1k a month for most of the past yearThis is how your comment reads
He said end of 2018.
I don't know how long your years are but mine are longer than one and a half months.
I concur.
Sold 1/4 of the stack.
4510862sold mine at .02, made almost 20% on that run, I will probably buy back in later though.
Holding BTC right now scares me.
Pretty much same, had one stop loss on 0.0205 and another in 0.02.
4510967cmon guys
No he's just dumb.
well he said 1k "early 2018", ok fine, so not EOY, gomenasorryi realize alts are pretty sick right now, but its a constantly swinging phase that has been happening since alts were a thing.
once people are not scared of buying more bitcoin, you will see another giant upswing with bitcoin, with everyone selling their alts.
sure, not all of them, but a decent chunk.
this will continue until bitcoin completely wins when it integrates the same features everyone else has, and is missing.
its just software, after all.but i mean, COULD it hit 800 in 3 months?
sure, why not.
i dont actually know.
it just doesnt seem likely.
lightning will be out by then... theres a chance bitcoin crushes everything for good soon enough.
Any chance this might go on further?
What was the cause anyway?
It certainly will, but not probably today.
No idea on cause.
bitcoin completely wins when it integrates the same features everyone elseZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
market reevaluation boys
keep seeling at the dip poorfags
this will be havey bags
are you serious?
see, you dont get it.
good luck to you, bro.
I may be wrong.Large orders incoming again.
All right, we are running out of steam.
This might be the end.wait for koreans to wake up
Just thinking the same thing
Let's see where this goes, I'm still in.
Surely it won't go past 180/190 today, I guess that's where I'll go out if it even goes that far
we NEW PARADIGM nao
We'll see, just don't sell everything of course.
4510840This is the true patricians way of trading, if you are patient you can make good gains without having to chase charts all fucking day
thanks man, I hope you're right.
Every time I've sold xmr I've regretted it
You guys like Monero?
Well then you should check out Aeon as well>side project of one of the monero devs>mobile focus (cryptonight lite)>faster transactions>better to mine on low end cpu>will become test ground for monero
Isn't Monero just better though?
Why should I bother.Also I don't think Monero's transactions are that bad, max 10 minutes for an unconfirmed transaction, not too much longer for it to be confirmed.
If I wanted lightning fast transactions that badly I'd just use a crypto not privacy focussed.
All right, we are back in the game.
Volume pretty low.
I wonder how much will flow back in.
I don't disagree.
Monero will stay long.
Think of what function litecoin has with regards to bitcoin.
Aeon is my gamble while Monero is my belief
Yup, but surprisingly the volume has been low all the time.
Just the buys being absurdly high, and sell prices not being low.
*stay king
Please post charts in USD!
I hate reading charts in BTC!!!
It seems there's way more volume on ETH/XMR than BTC/XMR, I wonder how it's on kraken.
LTC is shit.
Fuck Charlie Lee and his obselete shit coin.
You see those $ values above each BTC value right?
We've broken $170 again and there's more demand than supply.
Maybe it's a whale trying to move all his shit out of BTC.
There's some hystery around tether/btc/bch drama, but no idea really what's the cause.
if the log scale trend continues then we're in for loads of growth yet
there's news next week.
big news to support the big new price.
Getting kinda sad that I only bought 6 XMR now.
Tfw poorfag.
By the time I have significant capital this shit will be too expensive.
Both ETC/XMR and BTC/XMR exchanges are being hoarded in bittrex.
s/ETC/ETH/
Soon we have new tip.
i hope im wrong
even if u are not wrong a drop off and stabilization from the end point would creat a cup and handleone of the most bullish of buy signals
What do you mean here?
pretty much irrelevant.
Nobody actually considers the value of their XMR to be in BTC.
BTC was way cheaper then.
XMR has already passed its USD ATH a waaays back.
I fucking hope there's a repeat of this, I'll buy up so fucking much.
2013>oh, I cannot buy bitcoin, now it's way too expensive
Proofs?
It's not the same.
XMR is going to go up, but nothing is going to make gains like BTC ever again.
Putting significant capital into XMR a year from now is probably not going to lead to 'great' returns.
Probably positive all the same but nothing extreme like buying Bitcoin a year after it was on exchanges has been.
yeah yeah, people also said that about eth at $40 when it dropped back to $15, I remember
That's exchanges being assholes
Yeah and where is it now?
Oh right, like $350, only double what Monero is now.
If it ever drops I'll be buying in big of course, but even then I doubt we'll get gains like BTC.
We'll see now if it's cup and handle, or cup cup
what is marketcapthe absolute state of crypto
Missed out at $12 and damn sure wasn't gonna let it happen again.
If only I went all in.
if xmr had eth's marketcap right now it would be thousands of dollars
If I buy BTC or ETH with my paypal debit card will my Paypal get suspended or some shit?
Good luck finding anyone who's willing to sell for you with paypal.
Chargeback risks?
Yeah, people don't want to deal those.
Coinbase with a paypal debitcard?
wish XMR was easier to get.
Defeats the purpose of a privacy coin if you just buy it from a centralized exchange.
The volume on the decents and the cash/local options are just too low though.
Monero community really gotta come up with some way of letting people actually use the coin's strengths.
Dunno, maybe research.
I've heard that there's some account freezing issues with paypal debit cards.
Decentralized exchanges will eventually become more popular.
And monero itself will get easier to get as more use it gets.
PSA:Monero/XMR is the only alt that has gone up against it's BTC trading pair.If you bought LTC with BTC in 2015 you paid more BTC than you would today.In every situation it was more profitable to hold BTC than purchase ETH/LTC/ARK/.IOTA/QTUM/ETC Stop getting JUSTDSource: Just look at the graph
dude, you can buy a slave girl in the darknet with your xmr which could give you some passive income, think of it as a masternode, you don't need fucking paypal
There's someone buying lots of XMR on ETH/XMR exchange now.
how much are slave girls?
I spend all of my savings for monero.
I have 4 monero now.
>Tfw you have to have money to get money
now: 100 xmrEOY: 10 xmr2018: 1 xmr2019: tx fees
Kek
Does shapeshift.io run out of XMR in their wallets if the demand gets too high?
shapeshift is a honeypot
Presumably they have balancing systems in place.
It looks like we are replicating a pattern here.
Time for the Koreans to start pumping it soon.
Oh how I love the Koreans.
i wish they will buy my bags overnight like on monday lol much love
BTC started to pump in again.
Think that's enough for today.
Off to sleep and see tomorrow how it turned out.
cut it off Jamal.and give it back the Radeon.