Poswallet.com got a new updated sleek design.
It shows if you login (assuming you are registered there).
Looks pretty damn cool if you ask me.
They are working on pooled masternodes, a marketplace where everyone can buy and list stuff, trustless proof of stake, completely new rebrand soon to PSW.
Merchandise is being worked on.
This coin is EXTREMELY under the radar for most people, which makes sense, since the old DEV team made a lot of mistakes, which made the price tank HARD.
Don't judge the coin by that though, the new team is amazing, and once they start adding new coins to the site, the price will literally explode again.
Devs aim to hit Coinmarketcaps TOP 50 as a start, which is very likely considering TPOS is completely unique.
You do the math here, it's sitting on a 5 million marketcap.
Could easily make a 100x by next year.
I know it sounds like "just another shill thread" and maybe it is.. but this have MASSIVE potential, which is why I'm holding more than 100k coins while it's cheap.
Do some research, this project is legit as fuck, and they plan to be ready with masternodes and TPOS within the next few months, the preview pics says more than I can explain here, looks fucking amazing!
certified moon mission
I think they will fuck us all with the swap
You think wrong
I'M ALL IN BAYBAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYTHIS IS GOING TO EXPLODE
still have 1000 of this shitcoin
Yeah i'm thinking so.does something no other coin can when Tpos is activecomfy knowing i'll be running 5 masternodes, that'll be 100%pa ROI initially
Anyone know if it's going to be listed on Bittrex?
Quite possibly.
The coin swap will happen on one of the bigger exchanges according to the devs
I guess they will choose yobit
Nope, because it's already ON Yobit.
they talked about a whole NEW exchange
Thank you for the heads up OP.
Will be keeping an eye on this
People still dont realize the magnitude of POSWexcerpt from their Whitepaper outline:To secure the long-term health of the PoSW network, Masternode operators will be financially incentivized to keep their nodes running for extended periods of time, primarily by getting paid for services rendered.
These will include the following:1.
X% of all block rewards, minus a fee paid directly to the treasury and subject to the Block Equalizer rate of each period 2.
Transaction fees, including usage of PoSW's Stealth Send and Flash Send services3.
Revolving Stake Bonuses (RSB; expanded upon in section 1)4.
Trustless staking fees paid by entering into contracted partnerships with users who wish to earn extra stake rewards by utilizing our unique Trustless Proof-Of-Stake feature (TPoS; expanded upon in section 3)TPOS is trustless staking meaning you dont have to worry about the web platform being hackedits genius
Any date yet for the swap?Man fuck Yobit.
Late December according to devs on slack
Jesus fuck it sounds nice.
Will check it out, thanks for the detailed info
Cool thanks.
Good catch anon I mean if all that shit works out I can see even Vitalik asking to have tPOS implemented on Ethereum
Hope it's CoinExchange.
where can i buy this?
What exactly happened with the previous team, and why has the new team decided to adopt the branding of a project that was an apparent failure?
PieceOfShit 2.0
Cryptopiahur dur
not this shit again
Look you damn shill, the issue with POSW is that the devs are unknown.
We don't know who the fuck they are.
This is exactly how NXT ended up as.
Even bitcoin doesn't have anonymous devs, just the creator.
They posted their names and faces right up on posw.io
People can talk all they want, but in the end it's not going to matter, what is going to matter is that we land in the fucking moon.
Can't wait for my masternodes.
Get out of here pajeet!
Back to your designated shitting street!
The info is available you tard.
PoSW.io Fucking idiot.. Do some ACTUAL research before you speak
How many you holding?
$5 incoming
Open the DoorGet on the FloorPOSW is a coin you should not ignore
Exactly!
!