my office is open, tell me your troubles /biz
I thought I bought the dip but now I'm down 2.7% and I'm starting to worry.
I WAS WAITING BTC TO DIP TO 4K AND IT DIDNT AND I DIDNT BUY THE 5,5K DIPNOW I'M MAD AS FUCKAND BCH SCAM HAS ENDED SO THERE'S NO MORE CHANCE IT WILL DIP AGAINMOMMYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I also went all in.
I forgot to mention that.
The... *sighs*... the PBC threads are back
I traded for hours today and my portfolio is now 15% smaller.
I'm currently being mauled to death by a mountain lion and I'm not sure how to feel about that.
Maybe I need some prozac or thorazine.
I'm a poorfag holding .15btc.
I'v been trading since June and was doing well until the forks hit.
Now I'm bag holding posw at -20%.
What the fuck do I do guys.
I'm sick of everyone getting rich and I'm still pissing around with pennies.
Should I just drop my bags and go all in on something?
Some one with experience lend me a hand.
I put 5k in crypto in August hoping for 10k in a few months.I have 1k overall value now.
I gave up and stopped trading.
I lost 5k.
What do
went all in when BCH was $800, still in profit
go all in on bch while its cheap
i bought the dip & it MOOOONED but.... 300 sats short of my sell order sell it started tanking.
Bittrex was lagging so i couldnt panic sell.
Now its below what i bought it at!!!!!!
send help
I can't afford to lose this money.
BCH is far too volatile.
I've made 700k in crypto in under 6 months, have cashed out 150k so far through coinbase, and have spent over 50k on high end escorts.It's awesome.
I lost all of my crypto (every single one) like 3 days ago after being careless because I was fired a few weeks ago and I haven't paid rent in 2 months and I'm getting evicted from my place tomorrow at half 1 and I have no where to go, no idea what to do, and no hope whatsoever I'm not making this up either
must be fucking nice
what coins did you mess with?
that's a fake
>wake up>still not rich>have to poop>I-ITS COMING OUT!!
I-I CAN FEEL IT!!!
ITS COMING...
OOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT!!!!!!!!!!!>AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH>PPFFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRRTTTTTT>*SHART*>Wheh...
whoa.. hufff... pant... let me catch my brea-- AHHHHHHHH THERES MORE!!!!
ITS COMING OUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTT>KERPLUNK>P-POOPY.....
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!POOPIE POOPIE CACA DOO DOO POOOPPPY!!!!!!!!!
BRAAAAAAAAAAPPPPP
I've been fired from nearly every wagecuck job i've had, and truly feel like I am about to stop working in total to persue my own methods of income generation as I hate to wagecuck anyways.
I am going to be working on my python bot to do trading, inventing a new way to separate water with a input voltage of v, restart my garden to sell plants to local businesses.
obviously i get that doing anything on your own means taking on a whole lot of failure until you actually succeed, but I prefer that to any wagecuck out of control job i've had.
I get fired for conflict of interest, smells, and not giving a fuck about politics in the work place.
Am I retarded?
Should I give up my dreams to focus on wage cucking or should I harness my potential and shake the world with my mind?
smells?
tf u mean smells> You betta wash yo ass nigga
pics or it didn't happen
ITT: bad money doesn't have buy orders lurking @ .16 usd / xrp
I was too late to the crypto game.
Got aboiut 1k in ark, tkn and omg from a $300 investment.
Had half a btc once but I blew it.
I got a steady £25k a year job that I enjoy with lots of room for promotion, I'm just a jr.
I just want to be able to live alone and have a car.
Want gf too cos I'm getting old (27) and I don't want to be a lonely loser in his late 30s.
I want to move to Canada because I think avoiding Brexit is a good call, but I think if I did that I'd be completely alone.
What should I do?
I think I'm too late to get rich quick.
Realistically I need to save for a mortgage deposit, but I'm starting to get worried.
If everyone in society told you to do something that you KNEW was harmful to yourself, would you?
I'm not saying that I don't wash myself intermittently (because I do), but to slather a shit ton of chemicals on myself to appease others is not part of my character.
Needless to say, you are right and as I was sternly talked to at my last job recently about smells I will be putting some dumb shit on my t-shirt such that everyone KNOWS i'm wearing it.
I hate it, and I don't intend to continue there forever.
Hopefully the fact they seem to have rec'd BCash will end this monthly circlejerk over their PnD bullshit.
Going to try meditation.
Thanks Doc.
Christ anon, axe won't cover up your stench.
Take a goddamn shower
Use alternative stuff to wash yourself like baking soda or shampoos and washing agents that just don't have all that crap in them.I know what you mean, most washing stuff is toxic as fuck, but not using anything is true suicide and any feeling of "being the only sane one" doesn't make it any less against your self interest to ignore what other people think is a problem, because them thinking it is a problem clearly is a problem for you.
I'm troubled because of the 'flippening'I've been using bitcoin since 2012 and it has a lot of good will value with me, I have probably made over 1000 transactions in my time using it.
I still hold 81 bitcoins for me and my family.
and we got 81 bitcoin cash in the fork.
On the one hand I want to sell the BCH and be done with it, on the other I don't even want to profit from this.
It takes money from people who are just trying to ride the wave.
Additionally if there is a flip, then it would be good to have both coins.
However if bitcoin is dethroned I do believe that it will cause a crypto-winter where there is losses across all coins for months or years before the market bottoms out, and things resume (probably with bitcoin in charge again).What do you think Dr.?
It is.
I love blowjobs, and girls I date or who are tinder fucks generally don't want to blow me for 30+ minutes.I get a hooker, plop down 800 bucks, tell her I just need one pop and we don't have to sex.
I literally just walk her through what I want then tell her to suck super hard when I'm nutting.
There is not better feeling in the world than a chick who sucks out your nut like a vacuum and then continues to suck for a few minutes after your nut.
I'm convinced there is no greater feeling than that.Heavily in EPT right now.
you're welcome
I don't use soap and it hasn't been a problem, you just need to be thorough.
I also only use shampoo very infrequently.I'm a microbiology/chemistry guy and I don't trust the companies that make the products we are supposed to rub into our skin.
Coinbase is too fucking slow.
man that's an old screenshot
Try Frank body scrub, it's like a mix of coffee brown sugar salt and almond oil or some shit, it does a deep scrub which leaves your skin amazingly smooth and you smell really nice too.
Then moisturise with unrefined coconut oil
smellsLoluwotm8?
One 1, two 2s, three 3s.
An amazing moment in bitcoin history.
Also, I just looked it, tradehill closed in february 2012.
I guess I have been using bitcoin since late 2011 now that I think about it.
Best purchase: Bremelanotide from Silk RoadWorst purchase: Gac fruit seeds, they never sprouted
I did that last week, lost half of my portfolio.
Long-term hodl is best desu.
conflict of interestwhat happened?
Have a gf 17.
But I am more in sync with her sister who is 16.
What should I do?
Have a GF 19.... her sister 15 is hot too.
But thats only because you know its forbidden.
Worthless pedo you are.
.
Pedo?
GTFO.
is legal in a lot of places, not sure why that guy is being like that.
/bizThis is easily the worst meme.
800 bucks to fuck a whoreThese are probably the same people who keep posting about how relationships are a waste of money lmfao
Do coins normally move up and down as much as they've done since this BTC drama?
I saw some coins go up and down ~10% and I was making really good calls I just didn't buy into them
I'm not a pedo, I'm a Senate candidate from Alabama