Hi all.I'm 20yo guy from northern europe, I just fucked up.
I've been a gambling addict for few years.
Within a month I've lost almost everything on my bank account, yesterday I was playing roulette for 500€ and later that day I found myself staking 5000€ on roulette.
Basicly, I just lost 10 000€ in one day.
In one month I have lost over 50 000€!
Now I have only couple of euros left on my account, i'm feeling very desperate.
I'm trying to be positive, and I'm doing everything to get rid of my addiction.
But I seriously need some help; I need to find an organization that is helping me.Some day I will be a millionaire.
I feel that I can do it, and I will do it!
If this ever happens, I will constantly donate big amounts to charity against gambling.Please, my friends, if you have got some extra money, think about donating to charity against gambling.
It needs to stop, it is a major problem!
[spoiler] Please note, that I'm not begging for money.
I want people to see that this is major problem, and it's destroying lives.
[/spoiler]
No.
I refuse to donate my hard earned Crypto Moneyz.
go get help and start using cash only
look at all my money im so much better than u
The kind of people who develop major gambling addictions are not the kind of people who become rich, sorry anon.
Go all in on BCH
>Some day I will be a millionaire.No.
damn nigguh you hella middle class bruh
I have a gambling problem>comes to /biz/Wew lad, I hope you brought your kneepads!
That might be...
I'd like to be exception.Yeah, i've been thinking about it.
If I have everything in cash, maybe it wouldn't be so easy to spend them at casino.
I work in the gambling industry.
What you can do is get yourself banned from the casinos.Also, know, you'll always lose.
ALWAYS every bet you make, you lose.
Because every bet has an 98% return.
So even if you win, if you placed the bet you lost.I don't see how this is appealing?
Super high risk for a kinda high reward.
People can get lucky, but not for long.
Not only that, human nature guarantees a house win on top of skewed odds.
When a gambler is up they don't take their money and quit, they keep going hoping to add more.
And then go back to even.When they're down they chase losses and lose more or get back to even.I avoid casinos and lottery like the plague.
Sports betting however can work when managed correctly, takes a lot of discipline that natural addicts don't have though.
It's a trap, it's a mental trap.
Do it once, you think you found the way to trick the casino, or the one way to win.
Maybe you get lucky and you win 4 times in a row.
Total trap, because you believe your 'method' works.
It doesn't, and you'll get fucked by the casino anywho
Gamblers get high from the feeling that they get when gambling.
Gambling addiction is when you don't get that same 'high' you used to get, it's just something you have to do everyday.
Every gambler knows that they aren't able to win long-term.
Gambling is state of mind, it is a mental disorder.
get off of /biz/ then.
crypto trading is basically advanced gambling.you need to start attending Gamblers Anonymous meetings ASAP.
just be yourself
Some day I will be a millionaire.
I feel that I can do it, and I will do it!Fuck off.
This mentality is why you'll lose everything and I hope you do because that's the only way greedy kikes like you will ever learn your lesson.
Learn to appreciate life instead of being a slave of materialism
Go all in on epy right now and come back a few days
Nah, lad, you still get the high.
It just takes more to get it.
Stakes got to be higher.
maybe you should have thought before you gambled your moneyweak minded weaklings like you deserve what they get
This it is.
Once, I managed to win 40 000€ on roulette betting on red and black, balance when I started was only 100€!
So I had amazing luck.
BUT there is always a chance that black or red (sometimes 0) comes like 10 times in a row.
I always kept saying to myself that now it is black, but no, it was always red.
And that is how I lost everything.
atta goy
Sometimes I gamble but never with real money, I use the free shit that the online casinos give you to get you started but my #1 rule is never putting any of my money in, and guess what, real or fake money, it's always a fucking waste of time, get some help.
https://www.begambleaware.org/
Have you ever won with the freeshits?I agree, it is waste of time.
4306232The difference between gambling in a casino and gambling on crypto is that with the right research and you can set up yourself to win a majority of the time in crypto.
You can't do the same in casinos, unless it's like poker or something.
no, gambling is different than investinggambling is investing your money when the odds are completely unknownin investing you sort of know what your odds are (but sometimes you lose, sometimes you panic etc) so even if your odds are very slim you at least have some knowledge of what you are getting in to
all in BCH.
Hey OP,Complete degenerate gambler here.
I was skipping college to stay out till 5 am playing the craps tables with tuition money.
The only way to avoid it, is to stay out of the casino.
I am lucky in that I need to make at least a 40 minute drive to get to a casino with tables, so it is easier for me to avoid.
Add yourself to the blacklist of your local casinos, although those don't work too well and will ultimately be on you to stop going.
The first couple weeks are by far the hardest.
You will need to keep occupied, have functions with friends if you have any, move in with your family and tell them not to let you leave, try and stay busy.Also, stay the fuck out of crypto and leave this board after this thread is over because crypto is just gambling on steroids 24/7 from the safety of your own home.Good luck.
There is no better thrill in the world than a good gamble.
What a rush, it's easy for weak men like us to be seduced by it.
Just force yourself to stay away until you forget that amazing feeling and never go back.https://youtu.be/RCaPb193Vnc?t=891I really love this scene from Kaiji.
One of the dumbest things I've ever read.
All odds for casino games are published and you know your exact odds of coming out with more or less money than you started with.
Meanwhile if I go all in on Bitcoin Cash only god knows what this shit will be at tomorrow morning when I wake up.Investing is putting your money in a company that will grow and mature as the GDP increases and the company markets more problems.
Crypto is just gambling with digital tulips for the most part, outside of a few blue chip coins such as BTC, ETH, and Link.
Well i overslept the confido ico, tough life
How much did you have to pay in tax for those crypto gainz?
That's not true at all.You don't know the true odds in investing, you rarely do.In gambling the odds are something you can mathematically derive.
Especially in things like roulette.
He is though, you dumb poorfag nigger
Man, seriously, trade crypto!!!
is the best for your addictive personality.
You will earn more than in the fucking casino and trust me, once you learn it will be way more funny.
At the beginning you will probably lose some money, not so much as your previous disasters though, but later you will master the market ;) Thank me later :)
In gambling*In casino gambling
not exactly.like in stocks you have blue chip and penny, so does in crypto you have ico alt and bitcoin.the level of risk is according to your trading skills and how well you know the marketi believe that the most experienced traders on /biz/ make the most money.
so does the most experienced poker players and so on, but in gambling the difference is that the majority of the games are not skill based
What are your thoughts on the Muslim and Refugee situation in Europe?
How do you feel about our President Donald Trump?
I'm in my 30s but I went through a bad time in my 20s when I was addicted to gambling.
Literally every single day, 365 days a year, I'd drive to the casino that was about an hour away.
I'd bring a set amount of money (usually $200-400) and if I lost it, I'd leave, or if I made it to a set amount (usually 10x) I'd leave, but sometimes didn't and ended up losing that too.It was terrible, I burned through about $300k inheritance money over the course of 2-3 years, all gone, $0 in bank account.
I could have fully paid off a cheap property to live, or invested in stocks or started a business or hell even bought a cool car or other frivolous bullshit and been better off, but instead I gave it all to the casino and regretted it immensely.
I never looked for help, I just sort of snapped out of it, realized what a monumental fuck up I was and how dumb it was for me to have wasted that money.
I just quit gambling flat out, haven't been to a casino in 8+ years now, won't even casually gamble with friends (make any bet of any sort even for fun) or buy lottery tickets or anything at all related to gambling.
I committed to wagecucking since then, saving money where I can.
I've since bought a small house and somewhat turned things around financially but goddamn I would have had a way easier start at things if I hadn't been a degenerate gambler.Also try to get rid of that "some day I will be a millionaire" mentality, it will compel you to make bad choices based on some imaginary fate you believe you're entitled to.
I had the same problem.
Eventually I realized I'm just an average person, most likely destined for an average life.
It's sad but it's real.
I guess if you're some nut who believes in "The Secret" type thinking then go ahead and believe whatever you want but you'll just be deluding yourself.
There are too much refugees, that's not good.
No comments on Trump.Great for you!
We all make mistakes.
using large sums on a rigged game*golfclap* you little dufus.
now get straight or gtfo this is /biz/.
where we atleast think we are smart
Lol poor faggot.