Should I get into Bitcoin Cash or stick with BTC?
Help me anon I'm scared
Are you telling me you cucked yourself for 4 days already?
topkek
Bitcoin cash is a pump and dump, don't try and ride the wave so late.
Hold your BTC.
bro, just get into bch RIGHT NOW and get out at 0.25. it's that easy.
hold, it'll come back like it always does.
Bitcoin cash is a pump and dump,Said deluded bitcucks for over a week now...
Implying I own any BTC
Lol if you don’t buy bitcoin cash you will regret it for the rest of your life...
only amateurs chase highs.migh wanna run VTC up to 75.Or pick some longterm Ardor.
2018 will be awesome for Ardor holders.
Hold 50% of both.
Pnd... Why are people so stupid.
It literally has pnd written all over it.
Btc was due for a correction.
This isn't even a crash...
BCH will pass ETH mcap by the end of the week.
If you want to stay out of the party, do as you please.
Just hold both.
Make yourself a safety net.
It's two sides of the same coin, literally.
You'll get your money back in one or the other.
Don’t listen to bitcoin core retards they are all dead men standing
>green ID's almost all signalling BCHThanks
Yea, with majority of shill peanut transactions in the queue to make up the number
Neither.
All in BTS.
Remember that utility is what mattersBitcoin Cash is being adopted by merchants int over Bitcoin Core (been happening for months)that should tell you enough

Bitcoin Goldhttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-gold/
Tell me more, anon
Neither, let bitcoin and bcash have their little war.
Buy alts instead.
I'm all in ARK at the moment.
ark has been dropping because bitcoin has been dropping.
why would you wanna be all in on that?
Go back to FIAT.You should have been smart like me with $300 BCH buy orders.
Now cashing out is your best option.
Calm your titspark your btc in something safe if you're panicing already.The BTC correction was expected, the bch shills are just using it to scare people like you.There will never be any flippening.
Ever.
If btc once dies there will never be a new king.
Bch is just a worthless coin used to manipulate the market by some rich chinks and shake out weakhanded faggots out of their btc's
this guy gets it
he can't conceive of the flippening
This.If BTC is killed then crypto is pretty much done for the near future.Don't know why some ppl are wanting this to happen.
It would be like wishing a nuke hit the local metro area that you hate but the fallout would kill you too.
i don't want to admit it but the miners are in control now.it's going to be bitcoin cash
another corecuck loser
ARKDeluded
You should have gotten out of BTC soon after the fork cancellation.What to go in to is hard to say.
Bitcoin Cash obviously
If btc dies crypto dies.
It really is that simple.
Fucking hold.
Go play with some alts if you're bored.
At this rate BCH exceeds ETH today easily.
I don't give a fuck about the blockstream, the core or whatever.But you are a brainlet if you think that flippening wouldn't destroy the marketI don't give a fuck which side is the bad or good guys, it's healthy for the market to have bitcoin staying as bitcoin.
This market is volatile enough already, no need for a fucking drama like this.
You're just a cheap greedy fuck with bctrash bags.If btc ever dies, bctrash will die with itthis
Stocks didnt seem to die after the great depression, dot com bust and 2008 recession
If btc dies crypto dies.
It really is that simple.
Fucking hold.
Go play with some alts if you're bored.
btc isn't dying, it got temporarily renamed to bch, and the market is in the process of fixing that
Yea, of course good projects will recover eventually but all the speculative value will vanish from the market, and as yourself how much of the current MC of the entire crypto is speculation.
A LOT.
So unless you're a nocoiner you have no business in this crash.Bch is a parasite that won't survive without btc.
The King is under siege, due to its natural correction timed well with the attacks by the chink scamers.
Those fuck don't give a fuck, they just want to make profit.
But one has to be a total idiot to believe that bch will be new king for any longer than a few hours
Bitcoin Gold is to end ASIC supremacy.Don't let those Chinese miners have their cartels.