Bitcoin Gold released tomorrow.https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/bitcoin-gold-launches-tomorrow1/End ASIC supremacy and keep Bitcoin in the hands of the people not in the hands of Jihan and his mining cartel.https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-gold/
Is this a p&d?
noIt's an old classic premined scam though.They forked the coin a few days ago, and mined it a bit.
Now they release it and dump their coins.
Free money for them
KILL ALL FORKS
>unironically shilling this pajeet shitcoin/biz/ is getting shittier by the minute.
DGB is a more solid hold than this
this is a retarded pnd coin.
Bought at $90 last Friday sold at $550 today.
Today was a good day.
>trusting this rollercoaster of a coin
Btc drops harder
show me when btc dropped to almost half its value in 10 minutes>inb4 that chart from 2009
will blockchain.info give me a sweet sweet free coin?
bittrex gonna give me my free money or
if my bitcoin was in coinbase how do i get it?
How can I get this shitcoin out of my Mycelium wallet to dump it?
whoa momma
dayum, i bought at 127k sats...
Same man.
Feels good.
is there a chance this will pump again
It's pumping nowLuckily I bought a bunch yesterday when osme anon posted about this shit getting pumped :)
What does this offer that other coins don't?
Oh yeah, jack shit.
There's plenty of ASIC resistant coins that weren't pre-mined.
At least BCH had a real reason to hard fork.
Probably not.
I got out at 890k sats.
Where do you have yours?
I had mine on bleutrade.
I still have like .16 that didn't get sold.
God I wish I could've sold at 990k sats..
I didn't check it for a few hours and then about shit my pants when I saw what it was at.
The ASIC mining thing would seem to explain why Blockstream/Core were so indifferent to this coin while going out of their way to shit all over BCH/B2X.
They're ok with a coin that might divert hashpower from the miners.
I would seriously wait for btg to become more than a future before investing.
The only people who can sell are people who held their btc on a select few exchanges.
It's just like BCH when it first launched on bittrex a ton of demand yet little supply.