How about you buy into gdt.
gains for once /biz/ ?
This shit will run up to $1 until december when their mainnet starts and you get free tokens
this is probably the most undervalued, underhyped, most promising coin on the market.
when the mainnet launches in jan 2018 its going to be where lisk is now.
its a better version of lisk and ardor is like 30 cents and lisk is like 9 dollars.
not for long.
Buy before that 5btc wall disappeares like it's nothing
It's a good coin but can be confusing for noobs to tell the difference between child chain and side chain.
Whatever, it's businesses and governments that this is aimed at.
Like startis only with a decent plan to make it easy for these big customers.
Disclosire: I already have half my stack in this coin
gone in seconds, fomo starts now
FUCK THIS IS ON BITTREX?I WAS LOOKING ON BINANCE TODAY AND COULDN'T BUYAAAAAHHHHgot in still tho ;-)
Buy at $0.20, not here
nope, sorry.
I'm alreayd moon bound my friend, stay jelly
I know this coins worth $12+ at least, so when are you guys selling?
Selling any on this pump?
free tokens?
wut lol, sounds like a SHIT SCAM NOW ANON I WNT MY MONEY BACK!!!
I'm selling them for $1 - $3 in december, after I got my free IGNIS.
ARDR Mainnet is gonna be huge.
Huge plus, should BTC ever fall there'll be NXT and all the assets
told you, kek
So you actually get free IGNIS even if your ARDR is in a hard wallet?
Can ARDR and IGNIS be stored on Ledger nano s?
This was shilled months ago and fudded to death by biz.
Funny how fast opinions change.
you'll need the nxt client.
not for noobs tho, have fun about learning assets and you'll see how powerfull ardr/nxt/ignis will beand if you weren't a retard you would've bought the month' long dip for 2k sats, holding 280k atm
damn it i'm still accumulating.
also pretty sure you only get IGNIS if you hold NXT, not ARDR.
Obviously but I'm already diversified ;)
Funny thing is I was big on this coin back in like March, and I bought it around what it is now.
And shortly thereafter it climbed to around 9200.
Then then the market collapsed and it bled all the way back down to 2k.
I still love it though
BOUGHT AT 33 SOLD AT 35 AMA
Link price prediction EOY ?
I only have a newer macbook pro.
I couldnt download a full ethereum node and be synced because of how i was constantly downloading blocks
 CENTS
https://nxtplatform.org/download/obv they have a mac version.
but mark my words, watch some tutorial videos.
what the hell is NXT, IGNIS and all these associated names?
NXT mooned like a madman today, but I only discovered ardor this morning
Yeah really hope it nosedives soon
BUMP
is it too late to buy NXT?
i'm maximum fomo rn guys
bumping this legendary coin
Is there a link to the free tokens guide been holding this shit for like 6 months now glad to finally see some progress
check the le reddit mang
This is such an interesting project /biz/, speculation on price aside it has a novel approach to the scaling problem in which a child chain and side chains are generated, shits fucking fascinating but I know you guys are too busy signing up for those PnD groups that you're always JOOST to late for.
Not even shilling, just a blockchain /tech/ enthusiast shits dope
Also, it outclasses LISK bigly, and it's only $.3, LISK is $9 fucking dollars without a working product but I know you guys trade like squirrels so get fucked I guess.
hope you guys bought that dip but I'll probably read the fomo wojack threads in jan-feb insteadI predict 3.6k sats as the new floor for this, 4.5 by mid december and then a fomo storm up to $5