this shit is going to 0.005 today, its mooning HARD right now and they are in a big ass eventhttps://twitter.com/gamecredits/status/930796532697391105get in
Fuck yeah.
Im holding 1k of this!
we are going to do thiswhat are your price expectations for today?I see it going as high as 0.0005 if we break that is mooning HARD
Pretty realistic as it's heavily undervalued.
I remember when the unity news came out it didn't get its deserved pump.I'd say a lot of new investors will also see the potential of this coin at the event.so this combine might even pump it to 0.001, but that'll take some effort
well, G-STAR is the largest gaming conference in Korea
lets go boy
the coin holds no use.. its just a currency for the games.
this coins going to moon today much twitter hype get in now
Where to buy?
stay poor FUDer, this coin has actual use.game currency is the future and you can't argue against Gstores 90% profit to devs while PlayStore and AppleStore only has 70%
Considering how much money Koreans have been throwing around in crypto lately these seems like a hell of a buy, look at the pump in May.
Where the fuck can you even buy it?
It's on rex and polo under GAME
bittrex pump info https://discord.gg/fzwwxxT
Bought 5k because it looks like it's going upThis is basically my last moon mission, if this flops, I'm out of crypto foreverEnjoy these high stakes
buy it at 33k sat>immediately dumpingLmao wew I'm necking myself
Move on it's over..
4378111Don't worry the conference hasn't even begun yet, so it will continue to pump or stabilize at 0.0003 until tomorrow.we got many walls to break until it's dumping
lmao @ you dumb nigga it didnt even start yet
price dropping only because of btc increasing?
causing correction?
price is not dropping, what the hell are you talking about?did you expect a straight line?
Thanks I'm a retard.
Btw y'all think .05 is as high as it will go?
It s at .03 and the conference doesn't start for 6 hours
they just posted on their twitter about a mmorpg they are releasing
Im getting pretty excited for this.
Korean coiners will eat this up, and there are gong to be 200000 + at this conference
whaled
Bump, a few hours till launch and a 3 day rocket trip
I bought at 35k literally an hour ago, now its 27k wtf else do you call that
Volume is climbing.
Whale just dumping off.
Look at the 1 day chart, looks extremely oversold