Confirmed not SLRConfirmed not PWRWhat IS the PBC pick?
>Confirmed not PWRwhere?and it's POWR btw
It's SNC
Confido
That leak was real as it gets full article on how he was jizzing over powr the fag should have just released it now his subs will be dumped on
It's BTCgreat tech, low mcap and good fundamentals.
Get in before it's too late.
Powr team confirmed it's not them and they don't fit the 'leak'
Powr didn't pump, so even if the leak was real, doesn't matter.
market cap almost doubled anon
I believe it was originally SLR, but since the secret got out and Tiki Marsala couldn't accumulate enough at low prices he decided to change it up for Nov and go with something completely different I bet it won't be SLR or POWR or any energy related stock.
Since when?10 days ago Powr was 2000 sats...it's 3500 sats now.
That's all I care about.
It could still be SLR - he would have likely bought before any of this happened (like, very early Nov., late Oct.)
the MIT and web summit leak was fake idk why people cling to it
It has to be a Bittrex coin, so you can put away those wet dreams of CFD or SNC or others
At this point he tells his Subs that at the time the coin is released on Palm Beach Report that it will usually pump higher than his buy in for the next couple of days or in the short-term he tells them to set a limit buy at or under his price and just keep it there he's been explicitly clear that when the report is leaked or is released that there's usually a massive Spike which is dumb short money in his own words which tactic lines levels and dips to under his by price at that point it's the time to buy
Late Oct after the Oct letter came out I checked SLR and there were some beefy orders around 3000sat.
They never got filled and eventually got removed a few weeks ago.
I think he got pissed and decided to skip SLR/POWR.
Imagine the fallout though when the Nov letter comes and SLR/POWR isn't there...
the 'leaks' were fake.
it was never slr/pwr
POWR wasn't a Bittrex coin up until a few days ago, no way he would have gone with POWR
Im going to make a wild guess and say its BAT.
Thats a complete wild ass guess, but I think it fits his narrative.
Hasn't he already recommended BAT?
Yea it was on his list of picks, but not a featured top pick or whatever he calls it
I've heard it was FCT.
It's kyber
I have insider knowledge.
It's ODN.