>$5600
Who gives a fuck?
My BCH went up by more than my BTC went down.
It's all a wash.
Bch 2k in 5 minutes.
>It's going to $500k
I bought at $7300, I'm sure many other anons did as well.
Why would you do that?
You supposed to buy low and sell high.
For the first time?
just quit crypto you fucking loser.
I'm sorry for laughing at all the Pink Wojaks and people getting burned 20-30% of their monies, its all coming back to bite me.
The fear is real, the desperation for it to stop falling like a rock is real, the ulcer forming is real.
I'm so sorry.
Bitcoin is going through a period two doubling cycle it will be 12-14k by the end of the week.
The pump and dump happening now will end.
Buy High, Sell low is a meme anon.
yea, I regret not buying sooner but better late than never r-right?I thought 10k would be the mental barrierstop kicking anon I'm already down ;__;
>still up over 700% for the yearOnly newfags who just bought in should be worried.
,613 was bottom it is climbing
It’s going back up, flippening cancelled
Im a BTC bagholder and this shit will go down to 4K and BCH will go to 4K before we see any stablisation
Bought at 5630
I did too, fourth buy.
I may have wrecked my profits to date.
I'm a bit scared to check
Volume is starting to pick back up in Bitcoin, It went through a major correction BCH can't keep going forever it is bound to retract from all the profit taking.
4313471>yea, I regret not buying sooner but better late than never r-right?You're not alone I bought at 7k, I'm glad I didn't put anything substantial in it.
I have no reason to sell.
If it's true and I ride to the ground then so be it.And if I had put more in it 2 years ago like I was going to do.
Then over that 2 years I would have invested more and more into and be stressing hard now.
So if it drops now with my initial investment I lose a little.
If it keeps going up then I lost even more considering I was eyeing 5 coins at $350 which means I would've been at $40,000 something dollars last week.So my justification is I've lost the opportunity at $35,000 already.
Chin up anon hopefully you didn't stake too high.
Either way, we lost already.Maybe is right though, this is something I didn't know enough about to buy or get into.
Even people that bought the dip in Semptember are pretty comfy
Fuck this shit I'm sitting in ETH
Is this the time to buy?
Need to go to 4500 before going to 12500.
k?
you're delusional.
won't go under 5k and if it does go under 5k there will be a 3x price climb
not too late to buy BCH OP, eject!
eject!
I don't care.
I'm going to continue iron handing this shit like I've been doing since 300.
I'm not selling to buy something pumped over 100% in one day.
It's going back up, don't worry.You should stop watching until december.
You realize that when Bitcoin rebounds everyone will go apeshit including the alt markets and will want to dive in resulting in another bloody alt market
I wouldn't be surprised if this dumped under $5k by tomorrow night.
I have buy orders at $4100
kek 24 hrs later 3,000 bch3,000 btcscreencap this.
dont say you werent warned..
Well I bought at $1k the first time and have some cushion.
But this may really flippen.
I'm gonna be seriously broke if it does.
I...
I sold all my stocks.
It's all in btc.
Now, this seems fucked up.
This shit is tulips.
We going back to .1 my nigger, break out the beers
I wonder how many fags bought at $7.5k+ and are still holdingkek
Hopefully you didn't assess your value with your BTC price considering it's volatility.
My Dad's coworker claims to have put $10,000 into BTC last year, he has borrowed money and opened a business based on his BTC gains.
It's only the same as tulips if the tulips went down in value because there was a better flower with efficient features that took its value.
APples and oranges bro

topkek, the pink wojaks will be delicious
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions,000 unconfirmed transactionshttps://estimatefee.com/>$11.99 fee
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsDoes this mean if I try to transfer my BTC I'm basically effed?
nah, you just have to attach a $12+ fee.There's a huge backlog, and the miners prioritise transactions that make them money.
the fee is rising exponentially.
Most in the unconfirmed pool probably paid about half of what people are now paying ($12)
It's just the weekend dip... r-right?
ONE NOTHING WRONG WITH ME
4313950You're getting effed right now because nobody wants to mine BTC.
BCH is way more profitable (see https://fork.lol).
So it's a bit of a death spiral because the falling BTC price and rising BCH price means people are even less wanting to mine it.The fee is $12 now.
It will be significantly higher in two hours.
TWO NOTHING WRONG WITH ME
THREE NOTHING WRONG WITH ME
4313298>bitcoin reached $5600 for the first time ever just 3 weeks agowho could possibly have seen this coming??
Apparently:>there have only been 4 blocks found in the last 1 hour, 23 minutes.
they have all been full, but only 9185 transactions combined, that's only 1.844 transactions per second.
>There have only been 22 blocks found in the last 6 hours, there should have been 36.Is... is this the end?Is Bitcoin legit going to fucking die today?
FOUR SOMETHINGS GOT TO GIVE
SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH MEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Whelp.I didn't really think $5500 would happen.But here we are.
Been gone for a monthWhat did I miss?
5400, im ok
WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE THISIVE BEEN A GOOD BOY
5300...
>tfw bought at 7.3k WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO??
I remember laughing at all the pink wojaks in september now im fucking one of them.
Holy shit it feels like im developing an ulcer.
God what the fuck is wrong with you if you are still in bitcoin, at least go to fiat if you are too much of a cuck to go to BCH and make some gains
.
put it all in BCH2.
See how high you can get, as soon as you suspect a dip, go back to BTC3.
Repeat until BTC recovers/BCH never comes down
You didn't put money you need like some retarded nigger, right ?Then just wait, current cycle is 7500--.You should be up at least 25% by mid-december.
Bitcoin shills deserve everything that happens to them.
Shilling something with such terrible technology simply for its name is so fucking stupid.
9300 bch buy order!
Wtf
>that feel when I sold at 5400>two weeks ago
It may have been the last chance to enter at that price, but it's supposed to get to 4500 first so you'll have another chance.Corrections don't happen in one day ( except when they do ).