ok, fork meme is over, when is buttcoin dropping to 5k again?
People need btc so they can buy nuls rnSee you at 5 dollars broh
dude this is the furthest it goes.
No is paying $5 for an unknown coin
if btc drop to 5k I will sell my house to buy so I hope it will drop there.
Fork uncertainty was holding BTC down, moron.
From here we go to $10k, and higher in 2018 with ETF approvals, etc.
i hope you are joking, btc went up nearly 3k in anticpiation of the fucking fork since start of october, that's why people sold off thier alts to be in btc.
What?
Did the fork already happen?
Says fork uncertainty was holding BTC down>BTC reaches 7500 in anticipation of the free coins in the forkKek you are going to have a bad time.
This is what im talking about, if someone from /biz/ doesnt know that the fork is over, then you can be sure as hell the other people that arent updated dont fully know about it either.
Technicals looked to me like a $4500 price was likely in a correction, but with the fork getting called off I don't think so.
All bets are off.
If we're being optimistic then anon who said $10k is probably right
The state of deluded bitcoiners.
You fags really believe the fork was holding Bitcoin's price?
Wtf are you guys retarded?
THE PROPHECY
It would be extremely surprising if there's no correction to 4500.BTC is extremely fractal, and rarely breaks the mold.
Last time it needed Mt fucking Gox to bread the cycle, and even then only for a year.
Fork causes more FUD than FOMO.
It's only continue its upward trend from now on.
10k by the end of the year
And BTC went up without fork anticipation anyway.
Bitcoin is just unstoppable
Ye.
The fork was the only thing that could've potentially broken BTCs back.
Now it's the untested king.
China is gonna keep mining, Venezuela and Simbabwe are gonna keep buying it to twice the price everyone else does.
It's only up, always.
10k by EOY, 100K EONY and by the halfing in 2020?
Who knows
4261452Its been less than 12 hours since the Segwit2x cancellation announcement you stupid fuck
Fork causes more FUD than FOMOAre you serious?
I am.
There's more people holding off putting more volume into BTC until forkshit is over than people fearing to miss "free money".
Anything that causes uncertainty pushes the price down.
When the news that the fork is cancelled reaches normie world the price will go up, not down, trust me.
Yeah whatever, you're obviously deluded.
If you think so.