https://twitter.com/icoBryaaN/status/932584101042970624
Are you retarded?
Do you think they used their REAL names?
Their REAL faces?
So gullible.
granted if that really is themwho the FUCK would trust these morons with building anything crypto.i would not trust these faggots to paint a apartment.
nick and liams profiles are still on here https://www.linkedin.com/company/confido-io
Joost = Sebastian Murat is a known German-Turkish con-artist that operates call centres in Antalya that sell insurance scams to people.
Has ties to the Turkish-Lebanese mafia in Berlin that operate brothels and casinos.
lol, well luck the next time, in the first place cofido name sucks
Holy shit we need to report them to the BND or BfV.
you want to tell me people invested their life saving without verify id of those cunts?
they didn't check if they are real persons?
guys.
seriously.
who in their right mind actually put money into this?Look at the LinkedIn profiles of the "team":Liam Bellumhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/liam-bellum/Nick Spatzhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/nick-m-spatz/They have several years of work experience but only about 15 contacts each?These are fucking fake profiles and they were literally featured on the website of confido.ioLowest of effort scam.
And people still fell for it.
Says a lot about the state of crypto nowadays.
DYOR you retards.
state of cryptojust people are so fucking stupid, not only crypto
NEVER TRUST WHITEY.
as far as we know they can be black
 The guy on the leftyou are stupid if you buy coins from that chad cuck
Hahahaha holy shit can't believe no one called this out before.
I am a fucking retard in the professional world and even I have over 100 LinkedIn contacts.
sure, but now there is a flood of stupid people coming into crypto.
i've even seen fucking ICO ads popping up on my facebook and insta.
>wanted: 4 dudes who had their identity stolenMan you guys are dumb
you call that a chad?
fuck your standards must be lowwouldn't go near that thing with a 10 foot pole
I support this quest.That Joost guy is supposedly Dutch; I'm Belgian and I'd be willing to do some legwork if it were necessary.If this was indeed a scam, that is.Gotta start somewhere.