I'm going to shill this shit because I fucking love my ledger nano.
Never worrying about malware stealing my hard-earned crypto is amazing.If you have more than $10k in crypto, don't be cheap.
Get a fucking hardware wallet.
I was about to order one today but they're shipping from France and it would take forever to get here.
Found somewhere they might be back in stock late December.
I'll order one then.
Wanna buy mine?
transfer to nano-ledger>virus steals btc in the process of transfer
Does anyone here store Ark on theirs?
I've thought about getting one for that purpose
Use my referral link and it will ship within a week, not joking.
https://www.ledgerwallet.com/r/541e?path=/products/ledger-nano-s&tracker=MY_TRACKER
I do, works pretty well with the Ark wallet.
Virus steals btcLOLBest thing I have read today
He unironically thinks his hardware wallet is secure

I honestly like my Trezor more.
It's easier to use and I like the feel.
They are both fantastic though and I keep everything split between them though because safety first.
Ya, should have said HWW appreciation thread.
Never tried trezor.
Why isn't it?
Order hardware wallet>Package gets intercepted in transit>Order hardware wallet>Hardware wallet gets compromised at productionWhy would I use a ledger nano over an encrypted airgapped system paid for with cash in-person with the wifi card pulled and antennas severed?
Using qr codes to sign transactions is easy enough.
Ledger nano is for lazy people/normies imo
If you have more than $500 in crypto, don't be cheap.
Get a fucking hardware wallet.> Prices might moon and $500 now is $50k later
Try buying it with money that isn't already in crypto.
What specifically do you like more about the trezor?
How's it easier?
Very happy Ledger Nano S owner hereIf you're in the GTA, there's some dude in Burlington that is selling them outta his garage for a great cash price
sorry I forgot "FTFY"I just changed the OP a bit.
And also added that $500 in crypto already could be a lot later
Why?
That could actually happen.
The technologically faux-literate crack me up sometimes
don't do that, buy them original only with the tamper-free seal and all that shit
(((tamper-free seal)))
You don't know what you're talking about, they ALL have the tamper-free seal and its part of the nano casing, not the fucking box it comes in...retard.
I have omg, some link and ven, how do i transfer them from Exodus to Ledger?t.
brainlet
yeah it literally comes with a card that says "why isn't there a tamper seal on the box?"
Ledger requires you to do chrome bullshit that I don't enjoy while Trezor has a website interface that I find a lot more comfy.
I also dislike typing everything in on the ledger using buttons.
I like how Trezor has you put your pin in on the computer and just randomizes the number order.I think Ledger gas better security protocols but Trezor is just easier.
you're gonna get hacked and lose all your retirement money
my Link are gone!!
which could have been put there by the tamperer!!
!GOT YOU THERE SENPAIYOUR COINS ARE IN DANGER, BETTER SEND THEM TO ME
You don't actually have to use the chrome wallet, I'm using mine with electrum.
https://www.ledger.fr/2015/03/27/how-to-protect-hardware-wallets-against-tampering/
And my XVG!
>> https://www.ledger.fr.FRSURE FROM ONE OF YOUR PAJEET COUNTRIESLike I'm going to trust that Physhing URLyour coins are gone, admit it, they are insecure, send them to me and I'll keep them safe for you
closed sourceYeah don't be surprised if everything on there disappears one day.
That's not how bitcoin works you tard.
You don't actually "transfer" them.
YEAH THIS
Just kill yourself pajeet.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WHERE THE FUCK ARE MY LINKSSS
But you doyou send your coins to your address in the ledger.you mad bro?