Into the trash.
It's a shit coin
thanks just bought 100k BTG
This is what a disgruntled corecuck looks like.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHABCH IS THE REAL BITCOIN COREKEK
BTC isn't even a coin any more you dumbass.
It's a "store of value" now even though nothing is backing it up.
At least it has worth as a currency.
Enjoy your BTC bags when the crash hits.
Is it just me, or do BTC supporters never post real arguments?
Kinda makes we want to buy BCH
There's not arguments against bch, it's cheaper, faster and ready for mass adoption.That's why they need to say racist shit to attempt to bring it down.
You're all acting like a bunch of retards.
Bitcoin is forever.
BCH will see $150 tonight
I will have u know that Im a finenceial advisor and I ran the anal on my computer I know where BCH is headed, straight to the garbage.
That's right bitch, the trash, so why don't you ust just buy more OK
$1500
bch = altcoin, nuff said
>finenceial
% of miners drop BTC for BCH>The remaining miners just lost all their competition to win block rewards.>Transaction fees drop to the floor>normie doesn't know what the fuck is going on>just another BTC dip better hold...or better yet buy the dipWut do bag holder?
the low quality pajeet anti-BCH shill threads are back, just like during the first flippening eventDRAGONSLAYER IS REAL, BUY BUY BUY
They are aids, didn't even care who won until these retards started their shit.
I hope they get crushed.
It's a BCC false flag operation.
Because the US dollar is close to falling off a cliff
But for real guys buy bitcoin gold.
I predicted SAN earlier today.
I think the BCH flippening will actually be the BTG flippening.
BCH is on a downtrend right now, certainly don't buy.
Hold if you've got it, and may fortune smile upon you.
Honestly, in this market I would just put it in a savings account but wtf do I know...Buy potcoin and my bags please.
I WOULD IF I KNEW HOW
this trash pays for a lot these days.
trash to be valued at +$3k early december.
comfy dumpster diver here.
No throw if you want throw
Great topic and all but I actually need bitcoin to pay for my hosting.
As long as BTC is being retarded with fees, BCH will have to do.
Says increasingly nervous man for 191st time