ALL ABOARD
This bitch is looking solid as fuck.
tfw holding Monero
Holy shit the order book on bittrex.
Lets fucking go monero bros.
KNEEL FOR THE KING
Just allocated 50% of my stack in Monero, the Korean also heavy in this, TA broke resistance.
so I made my decision.
I took out a heft margin position at $92Feels so good man
Nice.
I got in at 86, upped my position recently, though.But Monero is a long-term coin to me.
Always will be.
Yeah, I've got a stack which I don't touch for long term, and my shorter term stack which I'll probably sell when we close in on $200.
XST at only $7M is where it's at now, XMR is already capped out at $1.8B
Fuck off and buy THE KING
HURR DURRR btc over TORpeasant
4257951Haters gon hate.
Dont be mad you XMR peeps don't know simple math when it comes to investment gain potential and market cap headroom
Why don't you invest in LEPEN then?
I heard the market cap has allot of room to grow, what with how small it is.
Is there going to be any thing done about the fees?
They're kind of high
How are the transaction fees with monero?
4258303depends on what ringsize you want you nagging pajeets
oh so they're shit then?can't wait to buy a coffee for $50 because of fees
$0,30-$1,30https://www.monero.how/monero-transaction-fee-calculatorEnjoy your starbucks you hipster faggot ETH pajeet
Currently the transaction fees are roughly a dollar during non-peak time, two otherwise.
but  side chains should be implemented soon which would make them very low for small transactions.
Seg-Wit is going to be put in next update, so except side-chain after that.Not anymore, the ring size has almost no impact on fee anymore since the last hard fork.
W-what is happening?
Dropping back to $114?
Wouldn't use XMR for coffee anyways.
Really mainly gonna be used for value storage and private transactions
XMR implementing SegwitGod fucking damn it.
Guess I'll be looking for an alternative.
Enjoy Earth
Monero made me want to learn Esperanto.
I did, by the way.
Wasn’t even hard.
don't understand simple math>investing in the second actual serious crypto projectYou're right about headspace and potential, but you chose wrong.
Xmr is the crowned prince that delivers on everything a digital currency should have been in the first place
If a few markets implement multisig when the next wallet update is out, it will easily shoot to $250
ARE YOU READY??
Screenshot from 2017-11-09That would be a pretty unprecedented and meteoric pump haha
I will have about 2 lambos at that price
so why the fuck would this pump anyways?
requesting a kind-hearted anon to walk me through turning fiat into monero
and yes, I'm a brainlet
Buy eth or btc first, exchange to XMR
Buy eth or btc first, exchange to XMRwhere would you recommend I do this?
Buy bitcoinEither use localbitcoins.com or look for a bitcoin ATM near you (they're more common than you think)>Transfer to exchangeI use polo to trade, but if you only want to change it to monero I suppose you could use shapeshift or something>Exchange for Monero.Don't worry about timing the market if you're a brainlet.>AlternativelyYou could try buying them directly on localmonero.co , but that is much more sketchy for a brainlet to go about.
oversold>proven peer reviewed technology>multisig>mobile wallets>satoshis real vision come to life