s-so why exactly is it going down?I thought we are hitting 8k by Friday after the fork cancellation announcement?
Because it's a piece of shit.
Because we have no scaling now.
Have you tried doing any txs on bitcoin right now?
To put it simplyBTC miners are switching to mining BCH tomorrow.This will freeze bitcoin.They are liquidating their bitcoin.
This is dumping the market.Their purchase of BCH with their mining profits is responsible for the increase in price and volume of bitcoin cash.
but all the volume is coming from korea, are you claiming the chinese miners are buying BCH on Korean exchanges?
The last price spike was a bull trap.
you should expect it to correct to at least 6.3k in the short term
This is accurate.
Yes.
This fellow will be proven wrong very shortly.
I'm totally new in this and planning to start investment.
Should I buy bitcoin now?
what would happen to the value of ALTS that are denominating in BTC
Its obviously a bubble but a very stable bubble.
Noone really knows whats gonna happen in the next 2 weeks.
dollar cost average....
this makes a fuckton of sense
Also this might sound stupid to you guys but I have to ask, as a suggestion for a beginner, which exchange market should I buy altcoins from, are the the same or not?
And should I keep my coins in the wallet on the exchange itself, or send them to another one like blockchain wallet?
Either they're switched seamlessly to a BCH trading pair, or there's a flash crash and correction until BTC satoshi cost reflects USD valuation where applicable.
short answer, no, there are other ways to profit
This is retarded and if you believe this story you might be retarded
But why?
And what is an example of other ways you spoke of?
DELUDED Bitcoiners DELUDED
Like what?
Buying eth when it goes back to 300?
Buy BTC anywhere it's cheap and immediately change it do an alt for virtually no cost on shapeshift
bittrex, binance half decent alt coin exchanges.
never keep coins in exchanges unless you daytrade.
buy tetherThe fuck?
why would anyone ever buy tether, it's just USD.
If you want USD buy USD.
Tether is fake news.
why would you think it would go up after the fork cancellation?
the only reason it went above $5k was BECAUSE of the fork.
There's no reason it should be any higher than 4-5k right now and will most likely crash soon.
8k isn't happening anytime soon
where should we keep them then?
Network usage didn't keep up with growth.
USD is fine, no need for fake news
Is shapeshift an exchange?
So I send my btc there and select some alt to buy with them?
What about others that say I should keep 60-70% of my money in btc/eth/ltc?
And how is shapeshift compared to other suggested exchanges like bittrex, bitfinex or poloniex?What is "daytrade"?
What is "daytrade"?Basically monitoring bitcoin prices on a daily basis and trying to make short-term profits by buying when the price drops and selling when the price goes up and then buying again when the price comes down, etcAlso known as gambling.