to start off i don't really care about which one is the real BTC or BCH, I only care about making gains and smart investments.
I'm a very careful investor and like to outweigh the possibilities of my investments going to shit.
I think that BCH will thrive for the next couple months due to the following reasons.1) S2X crazyness - which one is the real btc blah blah 2) miners switching to BCH (more profitable)3) coinbase4) faster transactionsAll these reasons will keep BCH rising for the next couple months.
The addition to coinbase is the biggest one.
People underestimate the power of coinbase and how coins popularity and legitimacy rises by being listed in coinbase.
I'm a big believer that coinbase helped LTC's legitimacy and price increase and it will do the same to BCH.
Also as mentioned above faster transactions will always create speculations about which one is the real BTC which will make people invest in BCH ($$).
Finally I'll like to say that I also invest in BTC and so should you, I think that when FUTURE trading starts it will go up to a whole new level.
Who knows maybe BCH can be used as "currency" and BTC as digital asset and both can have a successful future.
More like 4k.
Just wait until the fomo kicks in once BCH passes 1k
nigga after the monday fork this bitch will be waaay more profitable to mine than btc, every miner is moving to BCH chain.you can screencap
be real man... stop with stupid shills
if this really happens it will crash the whole entire crypto market and is very unlike to happen.
Plus no CME futures = bad for every other coin.
Fuck sold st 690 and it keeps pumpingWhat do
buy higher sell lower
He isn't wrong if the flip happens it will happen in under a few hours.
What’s bad for crypto is how bitcoin has not scaled at all for years.
Bch can handle increased volume and is better tech, if it becomes more profitable miners will switch especially after segwit 2x fiasco they want to leave core behind.
Newb hereWhy don’t I see bch on my Coinbase dashboard?
Or is that what will appear after the fork?I’m lost
I'd buy more but I'd totally wipe out poloniex's order book.
bch isn't listed on coinbase, you have to get off gdax and go to one of the non-normie exchanges like bittrex, binance etc.
I just found an old 2fa recovery key and then logged into localbitcoins and found 0.8btc in there from a few years ago.
I just bought 7.6 bch with it.
Let's see how this goes....
bittrex and binance are normie exhcanges LMAO hey newb faggot learn how to use metamask and ether delta.
tjhank me later faggot
Etherdelta is cancerOne misclick = go brokeIt makes me nervous as fuck, no ty