Bizbros,Reminder Lambos are slow, ugly, obsolete shit compared to the new Tesla Roadster.
And just 30 bitcoins.
It's a steal.
>And just 30 bitcoins.Don't rub it in.
Also that thing does look fucking great.
0-60mph in 1.9 seconds is absurd
Linkies will be able to afford this by the time reservations roll around.
Reservations already available.
Shit is going to sell out for years fucking ASAP.
$250k for the quickest car in the world and something close to a Bugatti for top speed?
Every Arab pajeet and Chink is going to throw down some big money.
>Never bought Tesla stock>this happensFUUUUUUCK
I'll take the sound of a v12 Aventador motor over any electric car, no matter how much faster it is.
Plus them scissor doors bro.
Plus them scissor doors bro.Get on my Model X Delorean doors level
1.9 seconds is faster acceleration than current F1 cars, should not be allowed on the road at all
1000 KM on 1 charge are you fucking serious wtf
YOU'RE NOT MY REAL MOM
And just 30 bitcoins.Wait 2 years.
Only costs 3 bitcoins now.
Look at this pussy
>year 2020>arrives to a Tesla dealership on a hyperloop>A Roadster?
Good choice, sir.
That will be 2999.99 bitcoins.
>SmartBridge?
Right away sir.
That makes it 3.50 ARK.
By don’t dare drive one of these and exercise your freedom of speech.
Look at what happened to Jörg Haider.
Modern automobiles make it easy for (((them))) to kill you by remote control.
TeslaMight as well ride along with public transport if i wanted the vehicle to drive me.I'll be sattissfied with a Mustang or a Jaguar.
Might as well ride along with public transport if i wanted the vehicle to drive me>autopilot can't be turned off
who /giant/ here?
BAN ASSAULT CARS
Those stats have to be made up.
Why would you drive a Tesla?
The whole point on saving $$ from electric charging when the damn car costs 5x the average car price.
.9 second 0-60
>No revs>No sexy v10 sound.9s pull takes half the battery>Don't even think about doing anything other than stoplight drag gay racing>My honda civic can take more lateral G'slbsThe absolute state of electricucks
Teslas have always been a luxury item.
But the idea goes that by becoming so successful and being an electric car, it will put pressure on competitors to develop their electric car sector, thus more electric cars across the board and we naturally get cheap, clean cars one day
v10?
Thats the cheap lambos.
The v10s dont even have the scissor doors.
Get the v12s nigga
How the fuck does it even keep traction on the road, people are going to touch the accelerator on a wet corner and go flying off the road
literally not a problem for electric car, brainlet

This was just yesterday and I am still laughing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCwBBaZ7UAE
It is pretty cool.
I want one.
I still want gas powered super/hyper cars though.
I've ragged on Tesla a lot in the past but goddamn is that a sexy car.
Do you think I should reserve 10,000 of my LINK for this car?
I really want it but not sure if I want to sell my LINK at just $20.
Now know what makes 4chan-X the best?
The fact that I can filter the word LINK and every post with that word is automatically collapsed.
I just clicked on the little + box beside yours to let you know.
The truck was actually a bigger deal.
women's beauty peaks at age 29pic is what the average 29 year old looks like, beauty peaks at ~16
By don’t dare drive one of these and exercise your freedom of speech.
Look at what happened to Jörg Haider.Hhahahahah.It was them (((them))) that killed him, it was the left.the left turn, that is, and the Austrian countryside tradition of driving drunk.
But on topic:1.9s to 100?
Why, but yeah, easily doable.400kmh top speed?
Why?
Plus, I doubt that it will be stable with such convential aerodynamics.And both points will probably result in most of the first owners killing themselves with the car, before it will be locked to saner values.and 1000 km range?Yeah, probably if you go a walking speed, but unless a miracle happens in battery tech, I'm not going to believe it.Still, I'm certain it's going to be an impressive car, but with Musk being Musk, it'll take a few iterations until it'll deliver what it promises.But looks wise, i would rather have link related.
In that crazy green.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gFGX43vubM
Unfortunately, he blew his cover when he came back.Was fun anyways.
How do electric cars defend physics, then?
mphlol, its not happening
Tesla 3 production shite>releases a new carhmm seems legitI'm still waiting for my Tesla 3
That's the supercar for nu-male betas
Be careful, one day the autopilot will turn you off.
Teslas design concepts are getting shittier by the year.
Fuck this car and that beta faggot Musk.
He's lettin a 30 year old bitch turn him into a cuckboi.
Porsche 918 Spyder or nothing.
Fuck Tesla
FUCKING CHECKED
Dam I only have 26 bitcoins, hopefully about 3 bitcoins by launch desu.