ITT: shill coins that have yet to be released and also speculate on their prospective value in the short term and long term
Chia-New mining method (Proof of Space and Time) which uses unused HDD space which will be a hell of a lot more energy efficient than PoW and more people will have the ability to mine it since they won't need expensive equipment-Headed by the Bram Cohen who created BitTorrent (decent selling point at the very least)-Bram's said no hardforks with Chia, which means no hardfork shenanigans like we've run into with Bitcoin.
Ensures more overall stability which will make the normies happyShort term I don't think it has too much moon potential, but I think long term it'll be something which could fight for the top
neat, the proof of space and time part is interesting.
It's going to be really wild when there are serious alternatives to proof of work/stake to power consensus.
will keep an eye on it
Bloom
under the radar
Encrypgen.
Got listed on coinmarketcap in the last 3 hours.
3x price at least in the next 3 weeks.
Swarm City, obviously
Also "chia" is french for "shat".
Which I find hilarious.
Is that the one with $90M ICO cap ?
no thanks
BlockMason is quite under the radar
4472099nice finds, thanks
Liquidaeon>the developer works for free and distributes tokens to stakers with proof of confidence (alternative to ICO)>whitepapers (technical + onepager) and full website launch 12/1/2018>proof of confidence period starts 1/1/2018 (assuming everything goes according to plan)short term, the coin will be worthless since they will not have any value until the developer delivers on the utility.long term, if the developer is successful, has huge implications for the future of token development going forward.
bitcoal
SunContract SNC, Powr competitor, already partnered with EU largest petrol company
HST
sounds like a scam anon
XST27 million coins @ $0.25212 on CMCDefinite whales in the gameOnly needs a website revamp to blow right up.
Have bought and sold since 2015, will either sell on double AGAIN or hold for a moon, not sure depends how close I think the inevitable big one is, no particular sign yet Nothing revolutionary just POS over Tor but always had a cool name
Ignite, the hype begins next week and a demo is going to be released pre-ICO.Site looks sexy as fuck too, team looks sexy as fuck.
That means the project will be sexy as fuck.
The entire project is around the token so none of this LINK bullshit where the token is basically useless.>>websitehttps://igniteratings.com>>Great articlehttps://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/70xerb/why_i_have_decided_to_invest_in_ignite_ignt_now/>>PERFECT HOWEY SCORE ON THE TECH>>Already have an alpha that will launch after just ICO.
The website pictures ARE the Alpha>>First 4000 white list members get free tokens>>Pre-sale is December 15th, Crowdsale a month after>>Low Circulating supply at 20mm tokens>>Team is super active on telegram
4472445I've done a bit of research on this project since my friend on telegram tipped me off to it, the dev is very active in the community chat and answers questions within minutes.
Their twitter has some solid follows on it, someone from Consensys is following it.
In that respect, it has some legitimacy going for it
presaleno thanksi'm not a fan of coins with huge bagholders (whales), its too easy to manipulate
Some of you guys gotta say what your coins actually represent and do (unless they're purely designed as currency coins)
Substratum was a nice ICO flip but honestly I can't say this is a good project to invest in..
Take a look into devery.
Could have a great potential.https://devery.io/http://crypto-icos.com/2017/11/08/devery/
check out the proof of confidence post on mediummedium.com/@liquidaeon/introducing-proof-of-confidence-32d9a4cca0bb
agreedseems interesting, the name sucks though
i applied for whitelist and they email me calling me a dirty street shitting pajjet.
Confido looks great!
almost down 100% today
You realize every ICO has a seed level or a pre-sale right?
under the radari'll check it out and give my thoughts here.
you seem to be pushing this hard so I'll keep that in mind while reading
which petrol company?
ico.moirai
does that make it right or fair to investors?is cryptocurrency supposed to change the world or just make you rich?if you just want to enable the status quo, why are you using crypto in the first place and not trading stocks and IPOs?
Buy the dip!I feel bad for Confido holders
EU's largest petrol company is Shell but I doubt they have partnerships with them
The fuck is this Parity bullshit that requires you to pay.
Goddammit, I don't want the 20 fucking tokens if I pay more than that to get whitelisted.
Ironically it's called the Petrol Group.
it's the largest petrol company in Slovenia.
3.8B in rev.
VENCHAIN is literally walton 2.0 get masternodes while they are cheap and be set for life
check out t.me/LiquidaeonTech and t.me/Liquidaeonofficial announcement and discussion groups4472808Liquidaeon is a digital asset ecosyatem backed by proof of time (additive instead of destructive like debt/interest/inflation) and uses a fair distribution method as an alternative to a crowdsale
SUPER EXCITED FOR BLOOMhttps://hellobloom.io/?mwr=6025-099a3d96
I'm an idiot for saying EU.. should have said Slovenian region.
ref codefuck off pajeet
SHIFT.
Fork from LISK but with new website launch on the blockchain (working product on testnet).
Marketcap 14 mil.
Ryver chat is active, and big marketing will start the next weeks.Compared to ARK, LISK and substratum this has way more potential as there has not been active marketing.
Mothership, DEX platform under $1 with a low market cap and circulation.
Exciting times in the next couple months as they launch the beta.
Decentralized exchanges are going to be big next year and on going.Embermine is another solid hold.
It is going to be a platform for creative and digital work such as DOM which is going to be positioned to revolutionize the domain space.
Holding Embermine gives you an "access" to other cryptos within the platform and is used for ICOs.
uh what?
20 tokens is much more than the cost of the parity registration and it's a one time fee.
You can use it for all future ICO's moving towards it.
4472788i checked out that post and it seems surprisingly solid for what looks like a pajeet project.
I don't have telegram but i'm debating signing up and asking the developer questions.
thanks for the tip, anon
Oh, alright then.
That's much less annoying than I thought it was.
B2BX>a lot of verified partnerships including bitfinex, bittrex and kraken>low marketcap>listed on EtherDelta and CMC just a few hours ago>price steadily risingthis is the hidden gem that you are looking for
about to say I can't see anything about it.
Good position to buy but
Alright I joined up.
When do I get my funny money
Ethbet.soon.
ethbetlets will never learn
iExec RLC.
Those fuckers just need to start their marketing shit.
4473340ethbet is still one of my top picks fuck offis actually a legitimate feasible project not like half this other bullshit
https://showcase.funfair.io/
Fuck, I forgot about this one.
Good call anon.
Might convert what little I have left on Bittrex, which is mostly shitcoins, into this instead.
Binance when?
ThisThis and FunFair are gonna make me rich
Me too anon, me too.
Cosmos Network, Streamr.
Both going to moon in 2018
I agree MSP is a great buy and has tons of potential , but it's not a DEX.
I like Zephyr and AirFox as well.
Zephyr is remittance solution utilizing BTS network.
AirFox is top up and cell token utilization by way of viewing focused ads.
One I rarely see mentioned but that will nevertheless be huge a year from now: Jibrel Network
t.me/LiquidaeonTech/28
RialtoI've already said too much
streamr maybe, cosmos not so much, i went to school with ethan, he's a bullshitter.
Oligarch.
The ANN and ICO are coming later this week.
There's only 33 million total and will be sold for a dollar each.
Currently some Pajeets are unloading their bounties on ED https://etherdelta.com/#0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865-ETH
blockcat, biz treats it as a memecoin but it has huge potential, smart contract trading platform , beta in december
AIDS
Sumokoin, a Monero fork.
Subaddresses already merged.
what is proof of confidence?
from what i read it seems like its a way to distribute tokens without actually spending money.
similar to staking but more like a vote / crowdsale
I wondered what would come of this.
Any background info or just want for the ANN?
Ok why not just airdrop then?
Now that's a coin I can get behind
airdrops are inherently centralized due to the fact that the developer has to maintain the list of recipients
4472445>LiquidaeonEveryone please don't listen to this faggot.
It's the dev himself, he comes here to shill and has admitted it before.
No matter how pressed, he NEVER explains what the coin actually is supposed to do.
All he talks about is that it has some sort of novel distribution method, and the way he talks about it is intentionally meant for people to confuse it with validation methods such as proof of stake or proof of work, which it is not.Don't give this shitter your money.
This.
this is a joke right lol
plot twist: this is the dev and he's FUDing his own coin for fun
the developer sure seems to have made himself some enemies.
Since you're so passionate I went and checked the website to see if your claims of 'No matter how pressed, he NEVER explains what the coin actually is supposed to do.'
are true and the first thing I see is>Liquidaeon is designed to tear down barriers to entry and bring equity to participants in the global cryptocurrency economy.
It is a new technology built around a universally owned and understood asset: time.>Intended as an inheritable asset, Liquidaeon will introduce new concepts to the cryptocurrency ecosystem, with time being a key factor.why are you so butthurt about someone promoting their coin?
That's the point of my thread you nigger.
Seeing someone like you just shit on someone's hard work makes me want to support this project even more.
I was skeptical at first but there's some really interesting game theory at work with proof of confidence.
By the way, if you confused a token generation event with a consensus method like pow/pos that just shows what a brainlet you are lmao
http://dollarstrue.com/?refer=13118 follow this link to start making extra cash monthly and not depend on the flip-flop of stocks or cryptocurrencies
ref code pajeet
that would be funny, i got a weird vibe from that post.
definitely either a shill like you said or someone who really hates the developer for whatever reason
i FUD my own coins for fun sometimes kek
t. /u/kaneki-shinobuYou don't actually give the dev your ETH, you send it to be held by the smart contract and you receive it back at the end of the "ICO" period.
Is it supposed to be a currency or what?
so how do they raise money?
isn't that the point of an ico
in the medium post the developers state that they don't need funds to develop the project, instead proof of confidence is intended as a distribution method in place of an airdrop or crowdsaleyeah thats the gist i get from the website/twitter.
their tg channel put out an update not too long ago saying that the whitepaper and full site will be launched on 12/1
I think it's more of a test/showcase of a new distribution model.
The whitepaper releases in early December.
I don't know the specifics of how it works exactly
so they lock up money in a smart contract, and if the ico doesn't deliver, they can get back their ETH.
but how would you write a smart contract to say if something delivers?
is it just up to the discretion of the ETH holder?
no, you can get your ETH back at any time, from when you 'vote' up until the tokens are released (and you still get 100% of your eth back).
The idea is that the tokens are initially worthless and the only negative outcome is that the developers don't deliver (in which case nothing happens).
IF the developers DO deliver, its a win-win situation because the holders benefit and so do the developers (their tokens now have value)
ahhhhh ok i got iti mean i bought ethbet in the ICO and they have thoroughly buttfucked me.
anything has got to better than the current ICO model
how do you find coins that new
Well pretty much the OP created a discord where we discussed what would be the best ways to 1.
Create a coin on the ERC 20 blockchain that would be fungible with a machine learning algorithm2.
How to best market the coin and I think the Dev hired some people right from the chat.3.
And how to get people to buy and stop people from dumping it.Well about a week ago he announced that he was doing an ANN next week and starting an ICO and then shut down the discord after giving another airdrop to most helpful anons.
Now its pumping a little bit on ED.
Because it would eliminate the need for third parties for verification and make the rich richer with more automation and less jobs.Get with the program.
Literally.
big fangrabbed this before it hit binance, was up 3x at one point but didnt sell.. kinda pissed cos i coulda bought back and had a fuck load but stillits 100% a holder
we're doing alright atm desu
posting here is a death sentence because youre all fucking retarded.
sorry bud.
looks pretty solid desumight throw an ETH on it and forget about it for a while
mywish.io looks so much better though
How big of a dealbreaker is it if the token isn't minable or isn't required to be staked?
I'm trying to find more info about the project.
I found their twitter (https://twitter.com/LiquidaeonTech).
It looks like they've yet to release their whitepaper.
says the whitepaper release is 12-1-18 but I assume he meant 2017.
Hard to tell if it's vaporware or not, but the proof of confidence distribution sounds a hell of a lot better than the ICO meme you faggots constantly fall for.
what is it anon?
Anon, check Zilliqa
GVT
see
a whitepaper for antsStill, looking forward to see if they deliver.
i think its intentionally pixelated to coneal the content, as to hype it.
look at the text in the header of the pages in the screenshot, its crystal clear
COHEN?
At least my coinjew has years of technical experience.
I pray Bram's autism will take me to lamboland one day
hype it by revealing nothing
bags filled, enlightenment reached
Gab ICOFirst SEC approved ICOIt will moon!!!
!https://www.startengine.com/gab-select
>tfw none of my fav coins mentioned
THIS IS A JOKE RIGHT
what are your favorite coins anon
Same, you wouldn't want to share your favorite coin with normies just yet :)
SimpleTokenAlready has working demo, team has solid background, Short term it's under the radar, long term could tap that sweet ass app market.
Some youtube reviews say it's going 5x but I don't think it will unless it gets more hyped.
www.feenix.tech 10 page whitepaper.still 2 days left of ico, exchange listing coming this week.selling under ico.
this will be the next 100x moon coin.theres not a lot of cheap coins left, the sells are empty with small sales so be quick.normies can't etherDelta with unlisted tokenshttps://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHpro tip for future ref, you can trade coins that are still in ico using the contract address
Ripio credit network looks good to me $50m market capalpha product releasedVenture capital is in this bitchGood amount of volumeGoes live April 2018
 pic related.
it's FENX ico price
Omanilla>Pre-ICO>Bringing blockchain access to currently disconnected markets (fresh flow of $$$)>Already beta-tested apps with release by EOY>Engineered dedicated device running Omanilla Protocol, live demo early next yearomanilla.com
mining starts on 01/01/20180xEf83e29f3C7e8C0b92a25781E4FAECD973A7d55A
DNA on ED
jibrel network since its a hedge against tether
This is what I’ve been thinking since earlier when I bought it kinda wonder if it’s a 10x or just 2x
k so this sounded interesting until I went to their website and the faggot is saying Chia will be for sale soon, blah blah blah, how the fuck do I mine it?
sounds like another scam to raise money, I don't care who founded it, he might just be a money hungry bitch who missed out on Bitcoin and it hurt his ego.
DNA IS AN ACTUAL FUCKING OPPORTUNITY YET THIS FUCKING BOARD TALKS ABOUT CHAINLINK
shill me
Did you faggots forget about TIO.
Platform launches in 4 days.
75k maketcap.
Not on coinmarketcap.
Going in binance soon.
Liquidaeon is designed to tear down barriers to entry and bring equity to participants in the global cryptocurrency economy.
It is a new technology built around a universally owned and understood asset: time.This doesn't say anything about what it accomplishes.
It's just another currency shitcoin, and an ethereum token at that.
At least monero has privacy going for it.>Intended as an inheritable asset, Liquidaeon will introduce new concepts to the cryptocurrency ecosystem, with time being a key factor.ooOooOO so innovative wow new concepts.
wow.Kill yourself unironically.
I know you're that dev because you write in the same way.
If you put half this much effort into doing something productive maybe you wouldn't have to scam for a living.
wetrust.io - trading on bittrex - vitalik advised, lower supply than OMG and yet to pop - 30 cents / 3k sats, product launching next month, two years in dev.
i've seriously got 100k of these things, i cant wait for this shit to PUMP on release.
The sdk release will make me half a million.
4480959>Market cap of $3m>Raising $6.5m in VC funding with a $30m valuation>Connecting Genomic data from labs around the world to a blockchain to increase research capability>First customer data available to purchase from their product in January>Sales team in 3 continents adding more labs>CEO lead speaker at multiple international events adding to this>Genomics industry a $20b industry, likely to double over the next 10 yearsDon't trust a /biz/tard though, go do your own research and you'll see
TIO?
Are you fucking retarded?
How about SugarExchange?
SGR.
trading at 11k sats.
3.5 mil circulating supply
this
DOVUAMBERKYBER
https://etherdelta.com/#0x42d6622dece394b54999fbd73d108123806f6a18-ETHSPANKspankchain.comnot officially listed just entered market
( ´∀｀)b Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」We develop and publish EA (automatic trading tool) of FOREX.
http://aqwsed123.blog.jp/
WAN>Chinese XRP with 250x smaller cap and way more functionality and larger target market>even with chinks and burgers banned from purchasing the ICO, it still sold out in world record 10 seconds, with zero hype,000's of tokens burnt by retards trading on ED against agreed terms>dev team staked 30 deep with talent out the ass and a positive track record including taking Factom 350x>tokens swap 1:1 for native wancoin when mainnet goes live next monthif WAN can take even 25% of XRPs cap you're looking at 65xassuming the total crypto marketcap is what it is now.
if that moons WAN could truly be the next +300x everyone is looking for