Here in my garage, just bought this new Lamborghini here.
It’s fun to drive up here in the Hollywood hills.
But you know what I like more than materialistic things?
Knowledge.
In fact, I’m a lot more proud of these seven new bookshelves that I had to get installed to hold two thousand new books that I bought.
It’s like the billionaire Warren Buffett says, “the more you learn, the more you earn.”Now maybe you’ve seen my TEDx talk where I talk about how I read a book a day.
You know, I read a book a day not to show off it’s again about the knowledge.
In fact, the real reason I keep this Lamborghini here is that it’s a reminder.
A reminder that dreams are still possible, because it wasn’t that long ago that I was in a little town across the country sleeping on a couch in a mobile home with only forty seven dollars in my bank account.
I didn’t have a college degree, I had no opportunities.But you know what?
Something happened that changed my life.
I bumped into a mentor.
And another mentor.
And a few more mentors.
I found five mentors.
And they showed me what they did to become multimillionaires.
Again, it’s not just about money, it’s about the good life; health, wealth, love and happiness.
And so I record a little video, it’s actually on my website, you can click here on this video and it’ll take you to my website where I share three things that they taught me.
Three things that you can implement today no matter where you are.Now, this isn’t a “get rich quick” scheme.
You know, like they say if things sound too good to be true they are too good to be true.
I’m not promising you that tomorrow you’re gonna be able to go out and buy a Lamborghini.
But what I am telling you is that it can happen faster than you think if you know the proven steps.
So, I record a little two minute video on my website.
Like I said, now it’s not the most professional I just shot it here with my iPhone, but it’s real.
Tl;dr pajeet
When brainlets try to scam.
This guy is a master salesman if anythingPurposeful Decision on Production Quality- shoot from a handheld device = homemade, spontaneous, simulates authenticity, trustEstablish Authority and Credibility- mention several pieces of authority (visual evidence)o Lamborghini, bookshelves filled with books, TedX Conference` Viewers are feeling awed by what he has achievedGround your success story in a relatable path` Awed, but feel like they can achieve the same thing ` Now the viewer is thinking “I wonder what I'd have to do to get there?”Story of what changed, how you were able to move to a better place in life-The mechanismo a way that a customer gets from a place that they don’t want to be to a place that they do- The important part is that you do not ever introduce the mechanism until after you've established authority, trust, and desire
Anticipating where the viewers' mind is at is extremely important; speaks to your common objections- Now, this isn’t a get rich scheme; You know, like they say, if things sound too good to be true, they are too good to be true- Okay, people see videos like this and say, "Oh, that's not real.
That's for somebody else."
Don't listen.
Don't listen.
Be an optimist!Disqualify people with traits that don't make them good candidates for your product- If you're a cynic, if you're a pessimist, you don't need to click here.- This product is only intended for real estate agents already making over two hundred thousand dollars a yearo disqualifiers in your products, make your product much more appealing to the right customerThe call to action- Repeat the call to action multiple times giving a different reason each time —o I'll see you on my website, it's a quick video, and you'll see it there absolutely free so just click this video—o Let me share it with you these three tips that have made all the difference in my life — they're practical, you can do them today, you can start on them today.
Alright?
See you there on my site.- idea of “you have more to lose by not clicking than you do by clicking”Closing action needs to match the amount of exposure your prospect has of you- idea of exposing your buyer to your product as much as you can before you ask them to buyo After three minutes, Tai can't say, "Join my 67-dollar-a-month community," — the ad would be a total dud.o He waits until after you've watched a 55-minute video to begin to sell
4363908ThisPeople wonder what Tai even does - but the don't realize that he is godly at sales and reaching the right markets