In 12 hours time request will be releasing their fortnightly dev update.
I have been told to expect huge news in this next update.I cannot share too much anon, but the update will have colossus, exchange, partnership and even news about great wall (v2 of their product).
why would you buy this when you can get 1 of a million pajeet coins shilled on biz that have no working product or use
lol its already dumping.
dev update ..lol
Can we stop with the REQ threads?
I am holding a big stack, but this is getting annoying.
/biz/ already knows that this coin excist, people will buy sooner or later, when they see the full potentialso go delete this shit.
it's goin to go up again right ?pajeets sold too early
People just buying the rumor selling the news.
This dev update could be huge though.
These guys arent like the chinks at Neo hyping nothing.
They are calm professionals that communicate their work and progress through timely dev updates.
In sjort pajeets definitely sold early on this one.
Partnership incoming.
It's going to be a big one and pump.
hmmm not sure if i can trust you anon
this.
fucking pajeets are pissing me offSAGE
Exchange partnership is true.
However the exchange has not yet been released yet.
haha, partnership for what, two api screens.
They will give an update on how partnerships talks are going.
The first adopters of request will most likely get tailor made solutions developed for them.
This will be a big win for both request and their partners.
Screenshot this.
When the news comes out we will see a big pump.
Adoption for this coin will be easy.
It can co exist with every payment methodology.
Partnerships will come especially with YC backing.
We are pumping again boyos hold tight
I am holding for 4 more months, so who caressage the fck out of this thread
How can you have been holding for 4 months?
Nevermind I read your comment wrong
I checked out the github and looks pretty solid so farthe dev is working on the escrow extension right now, so it looks like theyre about to release something soonhopefully they'll hire more devs to help with things