Seriously fuck this coin.
> Achievement Unlocked: UNDELUDED
B U Y H I G H S E L L L O W
god i hate this fucking memestop making fun of us
but thats what he did either set a stop loss or be prepared to hold bags idk what else to tell youbesides ark has a DPoS system which means while you hold bags you get even more ark lmao
T H E
why sell now?
We have mobile wallets and business entity milestones at 98% completion - they will be done in a week.
You should have at least waited until then
I bought it in sep. and made a decent profit but goddamn it just doesn't do anything, it was driving me fucking nuts.
big fucking mistake
I'm gonna start a band and it's gonna be called "Deluded Arky and the Stuttering Potheads"
Lisk has the right idea.
Try to do one simple thing but do it very professionally.
SELL YOUR ARK NOW YOU DELUDED FOOLS
I sold half yesterday when it hit 3.5ish waiting for the mobile wallet release to see if it hits 4/4.5 then moving all into BQX
[Intro]Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunityTo buy every lambo you’ve ever wantedIn one moment, would you capture it or just let it slip?
[Verse 1]Yo, these ARKies are sweaty, hands weak, bags are heavyThere's a constant downtrend steady: FUD alreadyARKies are nervous, but on /biz/ they sound calm and readyTo keep holding, but they keep on forgettingWhat the devs wrote down, the potheads stutter so loudThey open their mouth, but only smoke comes outARK is tanking, how?
ARKies are panicking nowThe moon missions run out, time's up, down to zero—blaow!ARKies wont come back to reality, oh, here comes goes gravity, ohThere goes the blasters, they broke, they’re so mad, but they won'tGive up that easy, no, they won't have it, they knowtheir whole banks in this, but it don't matter, ARKs dopetHey know that, but if it goes lower they wont cope, thenWhen they go back to this mobile home, that's when it'stime for the day of the rope, yo!
[Chorus]ARKies lose themselves in the FOMOThe moment, they own it, they’ll never their bags goYou only get one shot, do not let theses FUDDERS blowThis opportunity to get your own lambo, yoARKies lose themselves in the FOMOThe moment, they own it, they’ll never their bags goYou only get one shot, do not let theses FUDDERS blowThis opportunity to get your own lambo, yoARKies lose…
genuine chuckle
You made me cringe.
no "epic win xD"
GOD DAMNIT IT JUST WENT BELOW $3 FFS is ARK just a more expensive LINK?!??!?!?!?!?!??!
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/IQnZaG7f/this is ark/USD on the daily chartcompared to fiat ark (so far) has been great.Hop out if you dont know how the game is playedfaggot i hope u loose all your moms money
FUCKING SHIT, this Mobile wallet better push this shit over 5 next week.
I am not selling for a loss.
I pity you
I'm planning on buying more.
:D
buy highsell lowclassic biz
Hey anon, do you like ARK?
It definitely gave me some hesitation early on and a lot of people think that ARK is overly ambitious, but when compared to earlier Crypto projects like Bitcoin and ETH, I think ARK's really come into their own, commercially and development-wise.
The whole project has a clear, sound direction and gives a new sheen of consummate professionalism to blockchain space that really gives the coin a big boost!
ARK's been compared to Lisk, since the lead dev has worked on both projects, but I think ARK has a far more solid development team.
In August, ARK released ACES, the first proof of concept for their smart bridge.
But I think their most important masterpiece will be push-button deployable chains and ArkVM.
A development release so hyped, most people probably don't understand the implication.
But they should, because it's not just about the ability to create SmartContracts on the chain.
It's also going to be the harbinger of the blockchain based Web 4.0.
Hey ChainLink!
Try solving the oracle problem now, you fuckin' shitty shitcoin.
More like biz classic LOL
im a simple man i see american psycho referencei like you
Never go full retard dumbass arkies
who cares about mobile wallets.
no revenue projection plans.
no partnership.
where is the marketing team.just another shitcoin
Fucking laughed
because any morsel of hype or news in this market space causes huge spikes.
No project has any revenue and most dont even have a working product but have billion dollar market caps
saved