will we ever see btc below 8k again?
this week yes
maybe today
Very, very briefly.
It's crashing through $10k soon and achieving lightspeed.
Literally over $25k this time next year.Don't be one of the cucks kicking yourself down the road because you didn't sell everything you own to put it in Bitcoin right fucking NOW.
satoshi has been deposited into your wallet
I concur.
maybe not
Ooh a R&M thread.
Season 4 when?
some of this is just bluster, but i mostly agree, i'm really kicking myself for not just going all in on BTC like 2 months ago even.
I watched my portfolio of mostly shitcoins dwindle from ~5 BTC value to almost ~1.5BTC value and its making me want to kill myself
~2.2 down to ~0.65 at the lowest.
It hurts man.
.2 down to 3.6not gonna fuck around anymore
I still unironically believe it alts.
Am- am I retarded?
.64BTC to 3.9BTC today.WTF!
I think it has just become an addiction for me, constantly looking at prices and keeping up with every shitcoin that comes along.
It's not like I'm even hurting for money, I'm a dev making 6figs but I think I have gambling problem or something that only materialized when I discovered cryptocurrencies.
I seriously need a break from this bullshit.
You're retarded if you think you can gamble on them with BTC and win.
Put fiat into alts and laugh at normies.Seriously, why do all people not HODL their BTC and invest/speculate alts using fiat?
You're basically guaranteed to win twice, because USD is tanking in 2018.
i was mostly in shitcoins due to inexperience and stupidity, not really for gambling reasons.
I also don't particularly enjoy looking up prices and find too much diversification is annoying for that reason, and harder to liquidiate.
I'd much rather just have 2-4 different holdings at any given time instead of 8-10+try to get over your gambling addictions.
like 10 years back I spent a lot of time at the casino, lost a shit load of money in the long run, probably $50-70k+ (quit keeping track) and finally snapped out of it.
haven't been to a casino in years now and don't feel i have any gambling problems.
because I've been pretty much 100% in alts since I started in June.
Still up a few k
You're saying since june you have traded BTC for alts and are 100% up on what you would have made if you'd just HODLd BTC?
Post trading history or dumb LARP.
Sort of, though I got JUST'd hard during the last altpocalypse.
But I am still up on my initial investment by a few thousand.
But if I would have converted to BTC about a month and a half ago and held, then yes I would be even further up.
But if I had of converted everything to BCH just a few weeks ago I would have been even further up.
The market is hard to time, but at the end of the day, there is still, usually, at least in my opinion, more money to be made in alts.