You're all being deceivedIf you support BCH you support corruption
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
Core cucks getting desperate
Ill just follow IBM to my Stellar safe space.
stop spamming this in every thread you shilling faggot
If you support BTC you support corruption too.Support neither, but buy BCH anyway because the flippening is real.
Then sell when it gets high and get into ethereum and wait for the next flippening.The kind of proof of work BTC and BCH uses will be discredited when it becomes to apparent to even normies that 5-7 people can decide to flip one proof of work currency for another to become a 100bn+ marketcap king.
Also a decent choice.
If you support bitcoin core (btc) you are supporting corruption, you have been mislead.
They are openly talking about scrapping Satoshis whitepaper.
They think high fees and transaction times is a feature.
They are moving transactions off-chain, centralizing it all in the hands of a few powerful players.
They are owned by AXA and other assorted multinational NWO corporations.
Oi you cunt stop shilling , no one wants your roger ver cuntcoin
the people behind bitcoin core
bitcoin core planned centralization
I SAID : STOP .
REPLYING .
TO .
ME .
IN .
EVERY .
THREAD
average bitcoin core developerhttps://vid.me/66PC1

CoreSegwitJewCoinWhat exactly do you think "segwit" is?
I feel like people that think it's major enough to rename Bitcoin in their heads to that probably don't have a fucking clue.
Spoilers for anyone curious: it's an optional transaction format that's better prune-able (so it can take less hard drive space to store and is quicker for new clients to sync up than an old-style transaction) and also is immune to the transaction malleability issue (so you can safely create transactions using outputs from not-yet-confirmed transactions.
Useful if you want to make a few transactions within a single block, and indispensable if you want to do fancy timelock/contract stuff with not-yet-broadcasted transactions).
God bless you anon for speaking sense.
BCH goes far against Satoshi's vision.
stop replying to my reply>none of my actions should have reactionsthis is what cashcucks believe.