Introducing Hedge (HDG)!The coin has 3mill mc!!!
And 3mill supplyGet in quick this is about to go up fast like Confido and Autonio!
(Btw I shilled $NIO when it was under the radar on here too, so if you know me I know my coins)>What's the project about?The Hedge Project creates crypto traded indices (CTIs) that anyone can invest in.
It is different from other crypto investment platforms in that their CTIs are passively managed, following a set of rules and guidelines similar to how index funds work in the traditional finance space.Unlike other crypto funds where the valuation shouldn’t deviate too much from book value, Hedge Project is a platform where they design the index for others to invest and collect the management fees.
They don’t put any capital at risk and as such, the project is a lot more scalable than other crypto funds.>Whats the purpose of the token?HDG tokens are used to pay for fees incurred on the Hedge Project platform.
If users have HDG in a trading account, they will pay fees automatically with the tokens.
If they don’t, there will be a function that will buy the tokens in the spot market with a market order.Personally, I think the Hedge Project is under the radar and has not attracted a lot of attention.
Its ICO was in September 2017 – during the time when there were quite a few high profile ICOs.
Additionally, they only managed to raise around $2 million (soft cap was $1.5 million and hard cap was $15 million) and the unsold tokens were burned.They have some amazing updates / platform release coming up!
Get in now and thank me later anons!
Looks like a typical shill thread, but a legit coin for once.
Nice job anon.
Found this link: https://crushcrypto.com/crusher-of-the-month-hedge-november-2017/Might as well send some eth to hitbtc just in case.
Brb.
You won't regret it, I love spreading the wealth around.
It's what should be done around here.
been quietly watching this thing drop for about a week.
no action has saved me 30% LMAO
It's down from the original price of October, yes.But there were a lot variables put into play for the price drop.
I expect it to go back up soon in anticipation of their platform live launch as well other crypto enthusiasts have been waiting to accumulate at this very moment.
This is why I browse /biz/ you can always find a hidden gem every now and then among the garbage.
This looks genuinely promising.
>From the crush crypto article: "We believe that this news is already priced in, as HDG price dropped by 20% after the announcement.
This development does make the project riskier, but at the same time, the potential upside is also greater because of the lower valuation."
Seems like it would be a good time to buy now I guess.
gonna pick up some now.
Motherfuckers keep posting about coins not on my exchanges.Where this at?
hitBTC.
my eth confirmation went through fast af.
https://mobile.twitter.com/hedgetoken/status/928236703139225600Get rekt shills.
No more paycheck until they regain access to funds.
:^)
https://mobile.twitter.com/hedgetoken/status/928236703139225600Fair, but good thing I already addressed that.
>Also, from their medium article: https://medium.com/@hedgetoken/statement-on-parity-multi-sig-wallet-bug-a68b00a8ea8e "Even though the majority of our Ether is in Parity’s multy-sig wallet and the solution to the situation is uncertain, we are continuing with our development of crypto indices, CTI’s and other products that are in our timeline."
Nice find brah, almost fell for these pajeets
https://mobile.twitter.com/hedgetoken/status/928236703139225600I do not understand anon, they were planning to hold those funded tokens for 2 years anyways, what's your point?
Price went down, so it's good for new investors to see this as an opportunity
Locked up funds, thanks bro
we no longer have access to our earnings but will keep working (just as hard) for freekek
meh, I'm still gonna risk it.
If development can continue as normal this really shouldn't have much of an effect.
I'll be watching closely with a sensible stop-loss.
they were planning to hold those funded tokens for 2 years anyways, what's your point?
those tokens are long gone shillbro
Hedge token wil be the biggest invest success short term.
50 mill cap = 10$ Buchman will push his cash trough it!!!!
Instead of investing in this coin, why not join an actual working Pump n Dump group instead anon?We already successfully pumped CRB, new pump coming soon!https://discord.gg/fsdsNB
the next autonioLol
I think i got some free hedge for holding XRL.
Are these not scams?
retarded pajeet PnD coin