>coin crashes>slowly less and less threads about it are made>quality of the board begins to go back to normal
> coin moons to $12 per LINK> NOLINKs (half of /biz/) still has to wake up everyday to clock in to their 9-5 minimum wage job
I really wonder if it was shills or actual bag holders.If it was bagholders it reminds me of some kind of psycological M Night Shamalan film.
Don't even care what happens to this coin, I was just tired of seeing half the threads on /biz/ being about link
Rent free
pretty sure most of /biz sold this.
its a dead meme.
>we'll be back>not that we ever truly leave>rent free
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
4495214rent free in the crater you've dug yourself intoI think a new wave of /biz/tards came in due to BTC breaking $5k, they were all shilled Link and immediately jumped on only to hold all the way to where it is nowI'm sure if they did a poll on Link holders a large portion of them would be newI'm sure it'll reach something someday, but it's nice to come to /biz/ and not see 20 Link threads
Has to have been coordinated shilling with the occasional /biz/bro jumping on the bandwagon
I'm going to be carrying these bags for the rest of my life, aren't I?
Someone put me out of my misery already fuck
Link ends and ODN begins
Jesus, I hate my life.