did some of you absolute retards legit just fomo into a $30M erc20 token with no whitepaper out?absolute state of biz.you fucking aspies should buy icx when out if you wanna make in life.
kek delusional nultards bout to get rekt
hahahaah omg
time to prepare pink wojak for these cunts.
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.
It's pretty stable at 90 cents.
Surprisingly stable for a new coin.
I was expecting the crash too but that didn't happen.
Sure you're the op buddy
You are not the op from last night, pal.You're a larper that spends every moment hoping to be on the right side of history without doing anything.
larp
Save you wojak bro, nonuls
Wanna bet?
I made $30k overnight.
I just sold half my Nul stack for twice what I bought the entire stack for.
Not a bad day's work.
Fucking larper fucking retard.
Please kiss my ass anon.
You don't even type like the op from last night fucking retard.
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
You're not the OP.
You're a larper.Here's op's btc wallet that he left by request.If you're him you wont mind me linking it.
Lol.
I'm not sure why people are copy pasting my post.
But sure, feel free to donate to the address if I made you gains :)
I made 30k overnight This evidence is completely undeniable
4260748
I love jealousy.
You are so funny being salty just because you missed the train.
It's goddamn hilarious.
A lot of retards buys this vagueshit probably vapourware scam and they are "skeptical about Salt".
lol, this is fucking greedy cunts.
i told you in the morning, no whitep paper, also their slack is empty, dev are shady, there are tons of better projects out there under 20 mil, these greedy guys burn, the price all fall like rock retards
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Surprisingly stable for a new coinMajor alarm bells.
PnD scam coin