This provision solidly places control over money in the hands of the people.
The establishment of a cashless society will greatly affect crime and terrorism and the way that these organizations are funded.
Furthermore, economic sanctions against countries and nations that violate human rights can be more effectively and easily administered.
America’s impact on the world’s economy, because it is by far the highest consumer of the world’s goods and services, justifies the American people’s right to have a powerful voice in how money is regulated throughout the world.The advent of technology associated with debit and credit cards has influenced and perpetuated electronic transactions that are monitored and accounted for by law.
No one who is obeying the law would have a problem giving up cash.
The fear is that Americans will lose privacy if they do not have the ability to purchase goods and service without anyone else knowing what goods and service they desire.
The key to this is the establishment of laws that are good and fair and that allow people the ability to purchase any goods and service that are desired without punishment.
Other provisions of this Constitution protect individual privacy.
The government today already has the ability to monitor all bank and credit accounts.
It is true that the government cannot properly monitor cash transactions made outside of bank oversight.
But again, the use of cash is usually desired when one is breaking the law.
Fair and equitable laws that protect the privacy of the individual need to exist so that the government can monitor all money movement and become more effective at monitoring criminal activity.
There is no law, for one of many examples, that prohibits an adult from paying for the goods and services of pornography.
Yet, that one might not want everyone else to know that he or she is paying for pornography.
The information obtained electronically by the government about the purchase is a protected, Constitutional right, because no violation of law has occurred.
However, prostitution is illegal.
(Whether this is fair or not is not being debated here.
Furthermore, how many women would want to be a prostitute if all of their basic needs were met for free?)
No act of prostitution is ever paid for with an electronic transaction.
The people can control money more efficiently for their own protection and sake if there were no cash-based transactions.>source: http://www.humanityparty.com/proposed-constitution.html
kill yourself cuckold
i aint no cuckold, buckold!