I saw mercury get added to bittrex and decided not to buy 4 hours ago.
Now it's gone 7x.
I want to kill myself what do I do?
Buy the dip and wait for the next euphoric wave
fuck you it will never dip down 7x again.
I had 10k on stand by to invest in I could have made 60k in 4 hours instead of 2365 hours like the average wage cuck who makes 60k/year
buy POWR, quick.
These two are totally different.
Powr is already a relatively high market cap (70s)Even with the pump, mer is ranked down at 164.
Powr won't pump like mer.
It already mooned though?
You answered your own question.
Powr is gonna get shilled by pbc this week, ama tomorrow and added to bittrex, this is going to $1 this week, screencap this
Bittrex bump already happened.
AMA's rarely make a difference to price.
Co-founder denied pbc rumour in telegram.
This is a good project and it will reach $1 eventually, but not this week.
It hasn't gone 7x it's some weird error.
I think they replaced an old coin with Mercury, and the sellers just outright started selling at a way higher price.
So it's comparing the normal Mercury price to the old, low coin price.
POWR has the same thing, I think when they add a new coin it always says 2.0 at birth.
Why in the flying fuck did this pump so hard, anyway?
Volume shot up to fuckonomical levels and it 11x'd
4355495Oh, nevermind then
435537343554514355513I just bought $28k worth of POWR because of you faggots and because I feel, almost dizzy, from missing the mercury moon mission.
I really, really hope I made the right move
Hahahaha, it's like BCC all over again.
powr was added 6 hrs ago and it's increase 45%which is great.
im hodl with this
yeah but powr is going to mimic exactly what MER did with 600+% gains
I saw powr added to binance.
Decided to pass.
Has 3x since.
28K worthWhere you get the money from?
you did.
it won't drop.
it will rise.bigger injection after 9pm over here.
plus an awards ceremonies hosted by richard branson in a few weeks.
Put 28k into a coin that is already a high market cap given how young the project is (no proven product at this stage), and already up 50% for the day based on advice from biz.
What could go wrong.
no, it did..
I caught the beginning of it, but these god damn butterfingers and being completely new to all of this i ended up with no gains.
I had 28k (about 88 ETH) on Bittrex.
I was only going to spend 10k of that but let's rock and roll my babies.
Powr take me there.
it will be AUD$0.5 by tomorrow morning.
what the fuck are you doing
I'll be fine.
I WILL BE FINE.
JUST BREATHE.
bit the difference is, this is investors/consumers trying to get cheaper sustainable electricity,people will hold on to it.
That's my other thread.I'm scared.
THIS IS COIN IS FOR ELECTRICITY?!?!?!?
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME OMG OMOMGOMGOGMGOMGOMGOMGGFUCK FUCKWHAT HAVE I DONE.
Yeah, next time if you make a decent amount of gains, just leave it instead of double dipping
dont worry, it will dump hard in couple days, you feel better.
there is proven product, they are testing it.the product and technology already exists, has for a long time.it send unused power from a residential solar unit to their neighbors or street.
its a closed electrical grid.
Lol, 6x would put it around top twenty for market cap.
Good luck with that.
yea its for electricity.
australia is going through a power crisis, big investment in renewable, alternative energy systems at the moment,we are talking in entire towns undertaking technology like this.
Ok.
I'm feeling pretty good.1) there are no niggers on their team.
this is excellent news2) I can feel like I'm actually doing something positive.
Like, "hey, I'm investing in clean renewable energy!"
not "i just bought this shit coin called digibytes where their developer has autism and people are sticking sharpies up their buttholes for a fake minecraft announcement"3) their website looks very cool and professional.
here check this out.segment on tv here about it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnNuE3jK0jY
why haven't either of my shit coins got on any other exchanges other than Binance
do you have any more information on this coin?
The more I look into it, the better I feel.
Seems pretty solid, especially for a $28k random shot in the dark
4355475These are right.
OP is a moron.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMqMRs34_u8
Doesn't this require infrastructure though?
I mean how does one sell or buy electricity that is running through a public grid?
But binance is great, what's the problem?
more exchanges is good for a coin
not sure, but im getting street to house lines, interconnecting trading consumers.
guessing*
glad i had a waves wallet.
all waves wallets with 1 waves or more had 12.5k mercury airdropped into them a few months back
No fuckin way, bro!
That's like $2.50 at current price FUCKIN SICK GAINZ BRAH!!!
If you're still there...
I've been doing some research on this project and holy shit.
This is real world stuff not vaporware.
They're in a trial run with Australia's largest energy company already, wtf.
What is an electricity retailer
.5k at 20 cents a piece is 2,500 dollars you utter moron
You did fine, just stop being an attention whore.
I saw you in three other threads, Jesus.
U FUKING KIDDING ME?
total amount is 1 billion tokens.
they did airdrop 12,500 into every single waves wallet back thenhere is the mercury distribution among waves wallet holders, notice how many are holding 12,500. i bet a lot of them don't even have their seed anymore and a lot of them just don't see the current pricehttp://dev.pywaves.org/assets/HzfaJp8YQWLvQG4FkUxq2Q7iYWMYQ2k8UF89vVJAjWPj
i was wrong.
total amount is 100 million and not 1 billion
I can't believe this shit, some obscure coin I never ever heard about suddenly gets added to bittrex and casually moons 1000% in like a couple of minutes......meanwhile my """"""""extremely potential projects"""""""" have been stuck on binance for months and keep tankin.I seriously want to shoot someone.
it's part of darcrus, but yea this shows the ridiculousness of crypto.
i mean darcrus, the main project, only has a market cap of 1.6 million and now some shitcoin sidetoken of darcrus has a trading volume just below ethereum on bittrex and market cap of 20 million?
some people will get fucked hard
holy shit I can't believe i made 0.37 btc out of a shitcoin i got for free just for holding waves :| I just wish I had more than one wave address... this shit is crazy
could it be that it got confused with the mercury network?
Buy BCPT OP, no more pink wojaks for you
i have no idea
You jump in rdn, before it's added in trex and polo, you have some hour before huobi also, and 15 days before product released.