Ok 4chan i need help.
So my family has worked for a millionare in mexico for the past 30+ years.
The guy has given my family 2 rather large houses(they only use one) and he pays for all the electricity and utilities.
So ive been talking to my uncle whos an accountant for the guy and he gave me approval of taking one of the rooms to mine alt coins.
the room is about 15ft by 15ft .
Ok this is where i need help: Whats the best equipment for mining an alternatice currency such as monero or some shit coin OR should i just stick to etheriium or litecoin?
also i have about 10K for equipment.
If everything goes well my uncle will invest but i have to be showing him positive results.
I understand im taking a risk and could loose... Should i join a mining pool?
also can i just set up cameras and monitor it from home or do i have to physically be there?
or can i just fly out twice a year to check on them physically?
Also should i buy and ship the equipment to mexico?
Thanks for helping me i know im a fukkin nube when it comes to cryptos but i learn quick.
i promise to deliver on my end also if you have any tips or any info you can help me out with i would i highly appreciate it!
too much text to read, just go all in on chainlink
If you have to ask these questions here I doubt youll be able to setup a miner correctly.
Don't be surprised if that nice millionaire changes his mind about paying for the electricity once you spike it up.
learn to format text better.
no one wants to read this.
I know I didn't.
buy EOS and LINK.
This is what will happen, your little autistic mining project is going to get your family kicked out as nd they will hate you forever
dual mine eth+other alt or mine monerorx470 or 480if you mine monero get a ryzen cpu to mine it with your cpu
Build 2/3 rigs with 6x Vega 56 and miner XMR with it, if you optimize all the Vega's correctly you can get 11000h/s at 1000watts of electricity.If you build 3 rigs with the money you can get about 70$ which would allow you to get ROI in 140 days.
Watch some youtube stuff on building mining rigs and be sure to pick out really heavy PSU's.
(I recommend 1600w EVGA supernova G2's.
)If I helped here's my BTC address: 1PeK63LWh4CRg84Mbb4sDFBoUvyocu16Bh (please use 105 sat/byte txfee, I've got time to wait.)
Couple extra things to answer some more questions: It's best to join a mining pool, I'd recommend nanopool as it has a very user friendly interface and is easy to set up.
It's best to be physically there in case something goes wrong but remote control from teamviewer does allow you to watch over when you are away, and lastly you're gonna have to decide yourself if shipping from US or buying in Mexico is quicker, wouldn't know that.
There's also the option whether you wanna keep the currency you mine or move to fiat, I'd personally use the money you earn and split into a portfolio of 40% BTC, 30% ETH, 20% XMR and 10% for whatever coin floats your boat.
Thanks lol everyone’s so quick to shit on me hah.
They have a shit ton of solar panels as well they’re 100% wealthy.
I would pay my friend who’s crazy about mining to help set everything up but I’ve been chatting his ear off all day and don’t want to bother him this late at night.
Send me your wallet address^
1PeK63LWh4CRg84Mbb4sDFBoUvyocu16Bh ~105 sat/byte fee please.
(038fkQsl) thanks I’m screencapping all this.
Still doing research but I really needed the advice it helps a lot Whats your address I’m about to sleep so i want to send it before I sleep.
beaner millionaireand that's where i stopped reading.
Posted it above your latest post.
(038fkQsl) Got it im working on it right now!
(AUTqYHqn) Lol hey man some people dont like USA and thats on them.
i love whitelandia