>A company named Pfizer was listed on NYSE.When it was first listed, it was worth $0.50.
Today, Pfizer's share is valued at $35.18, which is 70x of it's listing price.>As we all know, pharma is a huge industry and there are many other well known companies like GSK, J&J, Novartis, etc.
They are good at what they do best - inventing new drugs and saving humanity one step at a time.
With all the patents and governmental support, this industry is virtually unshakable.
For other parts of their operation, they outsource to other companies.>Now, what if they have a company to assist them in their supply chain management?
This leads to a reduction of storage/transportation/logistic/etc cost, which leads to an increase in their profit margin.
Strategically speaking, it brings both parties a win-win victory.>Introducing Modum.
Using IoT sensors with blockchain technology, Modum provides data integrity for transactions of physical products, streamlining supply chain processes in the pharma sector.
>Inb4 "but modum coin isn't a cryptocurrency!
">Yes, it is not a typical blockchain coin like 999 other alt coins.>Modum tokens act like a share, and through ERC20 smart contract, it gives dividends to the hodlers.
Comparing to other coins with fantastic ideas with no working product, Modum already has its sensors working, and it is pending legislation approval.>Does it really matter if it is not your typical crypto coin?
To me, it is an undervalued coin with much potential returns.
Decide for yourself if this is worth investing in for the long run.>Gentle reminder, using 4% as annual inflation rate, $0.50 in 1978 is worth $2.31 in 2017.
Currently, Modum is valued at $1.90.
sell modum
Undervalued coin...real business with real world applications.
HODL.
Best coin I know, shittiest community.
Even the holders are selling every pump and say it'll go down anyway.Also crypto kids can't understand the concept of dividend sharing, they don't get that the company has 30% of shares and want the price to go up, by sharing profit, instead of keeping the profit.I sold everything to get into usdt after s2x was canceled, now I kinda want to get back but I'm scared people are too retarder to understant the value of the token.
Thanks for pointing that out anon.
Yes, because all these lambotards care about is 'wen moon'.
when moon
So its a security good luck getting on any non shady exchange
3$ before xmas
Exactly the point I'm trying to raise with all other alt coins.
How are those coins less shady?
The point of Modum (I believe) was never to get to exchange anyway.
IPO = Raise FundsICO = Raise FundsInstead of distributing shares, they distribute coins.
One has less red tapes, one has huge listing cost.
Pretty clear to see which is easier to raise huge amount of investment funds.Did they meet their initial funding objective?
Go figure.
All in
It's a sleeper.
Before the fork, I was able to daytrade it but now I just hold.
Don't have to all in.
This is not a pajeet shilling coin kek.
If you are looking to diversify your portfolio, you might wanna hodl some of this.
All in of my VERY modest crypto portfolio I mean to say (.1btc)
*Before the 2x/BCH drama, not fork.
Are you BSing or is this really feasible?
I'm so tired of being JUST'd chasing instant moons like a retard when I know better.
Just want something with steady gains faster than my 401k
Buy ark and etp my friend.
Very good coins to buy and hold right now
Easy gains
>dividendsHave fun getting JUSTed by the SEC.
Buy erc20 token very good coin sir mega moon yes
lmao
It's swiss.
how else you do you share eth dividends you fucktheir tech use ETH and Iota
Make yourself a favor and buy, you will never regret
4343114t.
Rakesh