Another of them low-cap ether delta freshly ico'd ones.
Concept seems pretty cool, incentivized file sharing.
meh.. supply 13 mill and some crack change.
current value 0.001 eth on etherdelta.
ico price was 0.00006. huge growth .
only 250k was raised during ico between 422 investors.
following confido footsteps.
not sure about future exchanges yet but its not even listed on coinmarketcap or fully listed on etherdelta yet, gotta use contract address.
0xEA097A2b1dB00627B2Fa17460Ad260c016016977 .
18digits, UFR.
November 19th is when the burning of tokens will take place for all the extra tokens that werent bought during ico.
good luck,
current marketcap roughly 4.5 mill
4366380800 million coins
Burn incoming... 90% of coins will beburned.
Also I believe it just got listed on CMCa minute ago
They are burning
holy shit lol, its not even officially on etherdelta though?
i cant find it under ufr?
and unless im blind... if you cant find it on etherdelta yet unless through contract its fucked cuz it has 350k volume alreadyplacing it in top 10 ish on ed.
i may have to go all in.wish me luck
was just listed on ED and CMC like 10 minutes ago
top 6 to be exact
top 6 to be exact ....
isnt it funny how these shitcoins are only shilled after ICO?
no one is buying this shitcoin and making you 3x-5x gains go fuckyourself enjoy bagholding your ICO trash tokens
doesnt seem to be officially on etherdelta yet, click the link (ufr/eth) link in cmc, takes you to .com..../../././../undefined/eth.
so boys.. the hypothesis is correct, there is some bigass lowkey smart guwap flying in, i think its from gucci himself
CONFIRMEDSCAM
kk nvm were in ed officially4366610fuck boyzzz you got me
Is there a real exchange announced?
pajeet OP already dropping their ICO bagsseriously get cancer and die fucking worthless human beings
no this is a scam.
its the new thing.
buy into shitty ICO with a group of people (since its shitty it will have a low marketcap)unsold tokens get burned (low supply)shill it everywhere "omg next confido low marketcap and low supply get in or stay poor"you might make some gains but you have to time your exit right because you will get dumped on by pajeets like OP
should i sell ;___;
let me ask you something, what in this economic world is not a pyramid scheme?
i litterally just doubled down myself
JUST
op made me lose 0.4 of my 2 ethnigger
fuck bros dont go all pajeetstan on me like i just justed my self ffs.
a whale just sold off its not the end of the world
YOU made yourself lose 0.4 cause youre retarded.OP on the other hand made about 20x from dropping $0.02 cent bought shitcoin at 40cents on you.
this is why wealth is so poorly distributed in the world.
because of RETARDS like you.
FUCK U OP!!
not even mad this is just some chump change.
good reminder on why i should let my guard down on biz
why i should let my guard down on bizwhy i shouldn't***
4367220lol both of you are retarted to be frank, one acts like buying in before other people is a crime and a scam when thats litterally how the human civilization operates (pyramid scheme fucking eachother) and the otherr expects returns overnight trying to fuck other people and his nuts shrivel up when someone prior to him unloads....... take a couple breath young pajeets, learn to breath the prana into your stomache and embrace it
HAHAHAHAHAHAAH IT JUST DUMPED SO FUCKING HARD OMG HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i was on a roll lately with biz' colored shitcoins picks so i let my guard down.
sticking to colored shitcoins desu
just hold young pajiwons
this is the BTSE depth chart for anyone interestedeasy short term gains
The Gulf of Shitcoinia
kekvolume is actually good so if you can grab some for .012 or so you're in the pay dirt.
orders are going thru for .0139
Abort Upfiring and get into Emphy EPY on ED right now.
It looks like it's about to pump.