How is this already >$1 while LINK is still eternally bleeding
link is 70 mil cap this is 9 mil... math man math
What happens if the shipping company API reports false information?
insane coin supply lel
UPS/USPS/Fedex API is pretty solid except for lost packages.Shipping APIs are probably more reliable than most APIs
just be patient LINK is a gem.
send someone a brick>still get paid because package is delivered
except no, you won't be able to.
faggot
what does marketcap have to do with anything?
i can make my own token, make it limited to 1000k, sell 1 of them for 1eth to myself.
and inflate the price?
marketcap doesnt mean anything on price or useability of the token itself
"What either party commits fraud?"
>Confido has a really clever solution to this built into the smart contract.
If you receive a box of coal instead of a ledger, you as the buyer can just freeze the funds in escrow.
That way the funds don't get released to the seller.
This creates a huge disincentive for fraud from the seller's perspective because they won't get paid, and they waste money on shipping.
Once a contract has been held up by the buyer, only the buyer can release those funds to the seller.>But what if the buyer commits fraud - can I just claim I got coal instead ledger to get my money back?
No you can't - once you freeze, your funds are in escrow, and you don't actually get your money back unless the seller authorizes the refund.
Thus, there is zero incentive for either side to commit fraud, short of pure spite (there is just no tangible/monetary benefit you can receive by trying to defraud each other).
For the .00000001% of buyers or sellers that truly are spiteful despite zero benefit to themselves, Confido will be implementing Kleros.io directly into the smartcontract which is an awesome dispute resolution/voting jury blockchain as an adjudication intermediary.
So what you're saying is that LINK is a JSON Parser.
1,000,000,000 SupplyThats why.
Its another Ripple in the making.
If you idiots want to keep ignoring the supply of a coin, then I have no sympathy for you when you come out broke or with measly gains at best.
Yeah but that doesnt matter because shipper will say he sent the product and receiver will say the box had nothing inside.
How you could anyone mediate that?
Yes it does, Market Cap ties into coin Supply to create the price value of a coin.Literally Supply (coin Supply) and Demand (Market Cap).
Economics 101.
ripple literally mooned to pluto you dumb motherfucker.
if the same thing happens to LINK then we would be rich as fuck.
Link is not on the bittrex exchange.
I want to buy but I'm not opening a new account
one of the reasond why its low is precisely because its not on bittrex brainlet.
LOL this, even Amazon can't deal with this.
yeah, I was answering his question as to why it is slowly dying and internally bleeding.
It just needs more exposure to exchanges.