3 OptionsBitcoin corrects to 5k -> Alts/Eth rocketsBitcoin Cash takes over and Alts get paired against BCH.
BTC goes to 1200$B2X takes over and alts get paired against B2X.
BTC/BCH both go to sub 1000$the safety is in ETH and altsopinions?
th optionBTC moons and OP gets rekt
most likely option
5th ... cryptospam gets banned, digital anarchists hanged.
/biz/ gets rekt.
4279165you guys must have not been seeing all the artificial tether pumped into this bullrun by bitfinexhttp://omniexplorer.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3BbDtxBSjgfTRxaBUgR2JACWRukLKtZdiQwhat happens when all this fake money runs out?I'll give you a clue.All the whales are cashing out while fraudulent money keeps BTC above 7K (along with fomo of course) - once a few whales remove that buywall at 7k, bye bye.
sry kid
I'm doing the same.
stellar/eth and eth based tokens (most deep in salt), and a tiny bit of nem.Fuck BCH/BTC miner politics and fishy BTC price manipulation.
ETH, stellar, and the stuff built on them are the future and are actually useful.
price goes up on all exchanges, not just bitfinex
In a huge market like this, price follows suit, and everyone allows follows Bitfinex (highest volume).I assume you are a new trader.
It's okay, hold your BTC back down to 5k, itll 9k by EOY prob.
I'm actually really confident about the future of Eth Dapps and other applications too.
A few projects have, as of this year, finally actually launched, not just riding hype and promises and poating "soon ;)".
And more projects will begin launching from here on out.
A matter of years until full global saturation of blockchain tech in pretty much every notable tech/financial sector whether the normies even notice it or not.
blockchain tech in pretty much every notable tech/financial sectorOh boy.
You have no idea what's fucking coming in about two weeks.
NO FUCKING IDEA
Drop a hint senpai.
Rootstock on bitcoin will kill ETH
Coss.io is nearing their platform to do FIAT - Alt Coin pairs.... this will open up all sorts of different trading.
This will further lower the need to purchase bitcoin because all the people wanting to buy alt coins don't have to waste their time buying bitcoin just to get what they actually want.
BTC crash = alts crash even harder.
Like.
Every.
Fucking.
Time.
Pls explain
Are you shilling the NEO rumors?
Every time BTC takes a dump, ETH and alts get dumped even harder.
Every fucking time.