How the fuck do I cash out, bros.
I've made some cryptogains during the last couple months and now I wanna transfer some of that wealth into fiat just to see how it works.
So how does go about cashing out?
send to coinbase and send to bank accountpay taxes
I used an ATM serviceBut seriously, unless you need the fiat for something I wouldn't recommend itThe Bitcoin I sold at 2600 is now worth 8150reee, seriously
Fucking fagot If chad can cash out why are you struggling?
how small is your brain
pay taxes
Poor nigger is living in a country which is charging taxes on crypto
Don’t sell.
Every time I have regretted it.
buy lots of candy with bitcoin.
that's the end of crypto game.
no lambo.
just candy.
Hahaha.
We arrive at this point again.
Where another poor soul finally realizes that crypto is a scam because you can't cash out.You LITERALLY can't fucking cash out.
Seriously, try it.
You wasted all your money on internet bucks.
There is no way to convert it back to fiat.
All those "exchanges" that claim to deposit your money into your bank?
Those are scams, the deposit never goes through.
All those people saying it isn't a scam?
They're shills for the scam "exchanges.
"Anyone who tries to refute this post is a scammer shilling for scammy exchanges.
The same way you got in, but backwards.
wtf you talking about nigga I am grandfathered in coinbase and transferred yesterday.
cashing out
Is this copypasta?
Fuck off.Also, LocalBitcoin
Sell your BTC on Paxful
4507175>coinbase>localbitcoinSee?
I told you.
These people, instead of providing arguments, started shilling for scam exchanges where you literally can't cash out.For reference, LocalBitcoin is a scam where you supposedly are supposed to meet someone in person and sell your bitcoin, but they actually just steal your wallet and abduct you for human trafficking.
what the actual fuck are you talking about.
people cash out on coinbase every day.
it's one of the most secure, trusted sites on the net.
You are actually retarded
Shut the fuck up, shill.
I see right through your bullshit.
Whats the best place to cash out from if you're in the UK?
I really hope you are trolling.
Cashing out on coinbase is the easiest thing in the world.
You literally just put in how much BTC, LTC, or ETH you want to sell and it sends the money to your bank account (minus fees).
Do you really think coinbase would be adding hundreds of thousands of users a month if the cash-outs were a scam?
You are either an unfunny troll or an absolute brainlet.
Look how great coinbase is!
Totally not a shill, I promise!>hundreds of thousands of users, really, because scammers don't just make up numbers!
Never!
Scammers don't just lie about things like that!
Kek i thought cashing out was a myth has anyone ever cashed out crypto gains ?
Lol are you retarded?
Hes trolling you
I don't even like coinbase because of the high fees, I'm just refuting your stupid argument that there's no where to cash our crypto gains into fiat
I acknowledged that possibility.
Isn't trolling supposed to be funny, though?
4507402>hurrr durrr I can't prove you wrong but you're a troll and not funnyyou fucking pajeet shill.
i hope you enjoy that $0.10 per post coinbase is paying you.
find a BTC atm near you.
is coinbase the only way to cash out?
they cuck everyone with their fees
salty nocoiner found.
how is it to watch from the sidelines?
what's on the menu today?
oh, toast with ketchup, nice!
What's on your menu?
I don't know, and I don't care, but I do know that cashing out is not on the menu.
Ouch!
what are you even trying to accomplish?
buy down comforters from overstock and sell them on ebay, that's really the best way
I'm warning the newfags so they don't fall for your bullshit.
OP, 90% of this board is made up of shills and scammers, and the other 10% are victims who don't know yet because they haven't tried to cash out yet.
ok buddy
Lmfao, you're fucked if you cash out.
The IRS and FBI party van will come down knocking on your door.
make post on localmonero>trailed to sale by feds>meet buyers>several vans watching location>you got the stuff?>yeah I got the stuff, I got it close by, you got the money?>I got the money, I got it close by too>suddenly the waiter draws his gun>ALRIGHT PUNK GIVE ME THE MONERO AND NOBODY GETS HURT IM FB->The buyer pulls his weapon and shoots the waiter, killing him instantly>I'm DEA you're all under arrest, nobody move>Squad of 8 CIA flashbang the room>HANDS ON THE GROUND.
SURRENDER THE MONERO WE ARE CIA, WE WATCHED THE SALE GOING DOWN>TFW first day on the job with state financial crimes money laundering division
get a tenx card and buy stuff with btc instead of fiat card?
eziest cashout of life?
kek
tfw I eat toasts with butter t. 0.0033 btc holder
You have to sell through gift cards or localbitcoins.Exchanges don't actually let you withdraw, it's a scam.
this.
>mfw EU>exchanges must prove financial stability>I can cash out whenever I want