18 November at 7pm EST - MOD will be pumped to 8$
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
On November 28th at 6pm Link becomes self aware.
This date becomes known as Rory day.
wtc was supposed to pump today but it didn't.so why would I believe you now?
stop shilling this solid project like its a pajeet coin.
Do as you please, this is just a warning, the decision is yours.
You the guys who pumped vechain?If so I'm in, but $8 is a bit overreaching
There is low volume, so 8$ is easily achievable, we are expecting a correction on the 3 to 5$ range
The order books on Binance are almost empty.
Like 22BTC and 350ETH on sell orders.
It wont
4414276Yeah, forreal.
We don't need your shit, we can do it on our own without you.
The coin will be successful no matter what, the is one of the long term projects, but I know this will be pumped, ride the wave or not, that's your choice.
I'm going to pump this shit now fuck 7pm
Where's your evidence?
Modum will be the biggest gainer of 2018, and so few people know about it.
Modum.io - read their whitepaper, and read a bit around on the forums and check it out.
It's the most legit project you will find.
Not just promises, but a working product and tonnes of customers waiting.
Soon to launch.
I know you think I talk shit, but research it.
You will regret it if you don't.They have close relations with Novartis among others (Modum's co-founder is head of sterile packaging and supply chain at Novartis) - a pharma company with a 215 billion dollar market cap.
Modum already has a working product and they will initially provide blockchain monitoring for shipments of pharmaceuticals from Q1 2018.
Only 27.2 million tokens, and they cost less than 2 dollars at the moment.
Just call me a shill, but Modum will kick ass.
It will go nuts when people find out about it.
It's so incredibly undervalued.
And the reason I say "initially" is because they got so many patents, and they plan on later on expanding their business model to many other areas, such as normal parcel shipments.
https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp don't miss another pump
4414788Besides that, new EU regulation requires pharma companies to constantly monitor the drugs during shipping.. And as I stated, Modum has patented their sensors, and it's the easiest, safest and cheapest way to do it.
The pharma industry will become addicted to Modum - cause they have to comply, and no one else can provide it, since they have it patented.Modum's CEO, Simon Dössegger is the former product and technology manager for aerial platforms at GoPro.
One of their advisors is Heinrich Zetlmayer, who has held several top positions at IBM.
Modum is serious business.
Based in Switzerland - like many of the big pharma companies.
So go figure out the rest..
The token pays dividends in Ethereum on a quarterly basis proportionally to what you have.
It's gonna completely skyrocket.
They got big customers lined up from many countries.
They won't even be able to keep up with the demand, I think.
Just wait.
40-50 dollars by the end of 2018 - at least.
Fuck it, I'll buy like $100 worth, could still get some hefty gains right?
This actually sounds good.
I might consider keeping it for a longer hold then.
I was planning to put that money in Vechain tho.
Maybe I will do 50%/50%