did anyone get JUSTed as hard as request marines this year?even stinky linkies are 50% above ICO, request just ate shit
patience faggot, hold this for 2 months, this is waiting for a 5x pump when they push out the product, normies are going to FOMO like hell once this crosses 1k sats with good volume: that should happen when they release their product (they are already AHEAD of their roadmap) and with new exchange listings.
even shit like PPT trades at 6x this
Just bad timing.DESU the whole reason I have REQ is because people sold below ICO price when the BTC rallied up.
I was greedy when people were fearful.Second part is being patient and i'll learn it with this token.
Why all this FUD?
It's so cheap you can't be jealous of anyone.
I don't get it, just buy in, it is cheap already.
Or if you are not interested in the project then just move along
It's been out for less than a month.WTF is your problem?
Bad timing, people sold REQ because BTC was rallying.
Then REQ recovered above ICO, but then BCH rallied, so it was sold for BCH.
Now its waiting time.
Yes.
Have patient, very good coin, really cheap, pls buy now
sirs can only go upbuy now or cry tomorrow and the next day and next day and next weekyou will cry every moment of your life from this point on sirsjust buy reqsave the tears
1.3 million req holder here.
I’ve gone the opposite and been fudding it.
Get rid of weak hands and accumulate cheaper.
Only new fag sell at low colume price dip.
Yes pls buy now.
Can not sell now, too low.
Pls buy it is very good PayPal coin
It's not PayPal v2, it's MTH v2.
Yes but buy some it maybe is PayPal.
Better buy now it is good coin
implying every old internet platform hasn't been replaced by a new onePayPal is next, old dinosaur about to get REQt
Yeah I got JUSTed hard by this shitcoin even though I bought under ICO.
Sold all my coins yesterday and got out, took some losses but whatever.
I suggest everyone else sells ASAP too, this is going nowhere but down.
im trusting in req and would love to buy more but i cant because im too poor.can somebody of the whales here help me out and send me some btc?
even 0.01btc would mean a lot for me1KKhCpzyaoYjHYg2dnTqWBuk8EDtRkvE4ithank you
Just paid .00013500 for 20K feeling VERY comfy.
Pls buy some more now
:D this
REQ'll be finelook at BMC for a proper justing
I had a vision of Request the other day.
This shit is literally IT.
You'll be able to recieve payments not just in fiat, eth, or literally any other cryptocurrency, but with Chainlink you'll be able to accept payment of literally almost anything.
We'll be able to use fucking World of Warcraft gold to tip our Uber drivers and buy meals once everything is connected.
All through Request.
Think about that.
REQs chances to fail are way higher than succeeding, but nobody cares about risk reward, everyone here is an emotional trader and wants a x1000 mission.
Eh don't think so.REQ will be fine.
REQ will do x20 soon, right?Deluded
kek, i bought this under ico price, and even I got almost burned.
glad i sold near that 1000 sat ATH.valuable lesson: don't buy into this high marketcap scam icos.
30 million dollars for something that doesn't even exist...LOL.
You are winner.
Great job.
explain how.i think the project looks incredibly solid.
using pre existing tech(aragon, 0x, etc) and the fact that yc is backing it is a big deal.
it seems wrong to invest in just a whitepaper/website, but i think the foundation is there for incredible gains.
4431797I'm holding to end of 2018.itwill surely 20x by then.
that's why they are so quick to deliver.