$1 when?
May 20 2018
Really it should be the same value as omg, more in fact.Could be very soon.
If they had released the news yesterday it would have mooned but bch....
fucking forks ruining everything
Why would ask this shit question over and over again?
1$ = 630M valuation - this is everything than realastic right now, REQ cannot even stay over ICO Level, but you ask when 1$.
Oh dear, pajeets are getting desperate.
Omg has 700 mill
omise is a real company
OMG has omnisego and several multi M to B partnerships.
i know /biz/ only thinks this is because of a skateboard and a google pic.REQ has zero partnerships, not even with ING
except for ycombinator, with its extremely aggressive marketing tactics
That's one of the worst memes.
But i guess if you argue with the 93% failure rate, it would be too aggressive right?
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
Yeah, exactly.
This will be 10$ at the end of the year.
Screencap for the aggressive YC
In the near future, instead of using a third party, you’ll create your request directly on the blockchain which will enable a seamless payment experience.
This process carries a number of benefits:It will be cheaperIt will be more secure because you won’t share your financial informationIt will be easier to pay, thanks to the blockchain interoperability between the payee app and the payer appAnd this is just the beginning; Request builds upon this concept even further.Request works with every currencyRequest enables accounting in real timeRequest improves financial audit with smart algorithms on the blockchainMost interesting is the fact that Request allows machines to pay each other within a standard frameworkThe network consists of 3 layers.
The core layer includes the most fundamental smart contracts used to create and detect payment requests.
The extensions layer adds taxation and business rules.
Finally, the application layer allows financial organizations to access invoices and facilitate payments.The bottom line is that not only do we know how to implement such a process, but we have already created a working prototype.
Our team has been working on payment networks and blockchain since 2014, and we are backed by ING bank and the YCombinator which provide valuable advice.
Honestly, you guys have no clue.
You don't even know how big REQ will be.
By this time next year, your life will change dramatically, and for the better.All you have to do is keep holding.
And buy more, while you can.
These prices are a gift, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
We found out about this way too early.
It will be so surreal when you start seeing this in advertisements on television, and on fliers in banks, and when you hear famous news anchors mention it by name.You will feel a genuine sense of pride.
This is what it looks like to buy in the early stages, before it's on anyone else's radar.
This is what it looks like to do your due diligence.
This is what it means to invest in a big thing before it's big.
You will make it.
ING and YC are early backers and advising us frequently.
We discuss often and share the same interest in the space.YC made us part of an important and strong network of more than 1,000 startups.
They also advise us and we are regularly in touch with them.We entered YC with Moneytis and like many other startups from our batch, we started pivoting there.
They focus on teams more than ideas, more info here: https://www.ycombinator.com/howtoapply/.About ING, we had a meeting this month, will have another next month.
We share common interests and we will see if the executive dpt of ING is interested in working with Request in the future.
Your copy pasta every day is aggressive af and on top total garbage
It's still trading below ICO price.Lots of weak hand pajeets holding this shit coin.
i think your a samefag or shilling hard.
seen posts like these for req a bunch.
>Invited by Y Combinator to join their startup program>Backed by ING> below ICO price>working product in DecemberDo you want to get in early or after the moon?
Have you looked at the pics you are looking at?
>Charges a 5% FeeThis srly could be PayPal 2.0, slower, more expensive and on top aggressive af
To make it big you have to take risks about which coins you think have upside potential.
I'm willing to risk it all on this one.
I literally went all in and am in the top 100 hodlers.
I don't see any better coins out there for several reasons:>Professional team - doesn't fuck around trying to create false hype like OMG, but are instead doing regular updates and recognise the need to be on more exchanges even though they believe DEXs are the future.
They also stated that anyone could DM a team member if they had questions/concerns about the project.>They already have a product and clients - check out moneytis.com, the team has stated that they all clients currently using moneytis will be transferred over to request.
They have also stated that no more time is being spent on moneytis, all time is being spent on request.>Their project is needed.
This is auto auditing and accounting, and opens up a whole new way to pay, rent and get paid using continuous invoicing.
Think about if you're on a salary at work, then every second more money will be going into your account, and money will be coming out for rent, electricity, phones, car repayments, etc.
You won't have to worry about getting large bills and finding the money.>They have a roadmap on how to get companies and governments to use their platform to port their tax systems over to through incentives bounties and taking a large cut of the fees ran through the contracts they create.>They are backed and funded by ING and Ycombinator and they aren't able to tell us the details of either partnership as of yet.>A portion of the tokens used as fees are burnt, and they have stated their will be an opportunity for staking after plasma/casper are implemented.People get rich by backing companies with good fundamentals from ground zero.
I feel like I've got a good chance to make a very good return on this and am going to try and take it all the way.
Feel free to think differently.
Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth much more than now, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
Im thinking of adding 10k req to my portfolio.
Someone try to meme me on why req is a piece of crap and will not take off.
so all the REQs have to do is stand in front of a fridge with REQ and Google magnets to reach 1 bil mcap?
How much do you have?I have 30k.
1 dollar is the moon.
Extremely weird how people want it to moon when they don't even have a working product yet.
doesn't even have a working product yetyou think that matters in this market?things go up and down at random
Those saying OMISE is a real company bla bla bla... Show me some facts on their revenue?
Can't find anything online.
Big deal they are a payment processor already.
there are hundreds of these companies.
At least others have some revenue.
Looks like "OMISE" has none.
Reuqest has a way better idea, team, and plan.
Without all the skateboard and shlling.
Just facts and strategy.
Have fun with your 3rd world shilling OMG coin that is already over pumped for a vaporware project.
I'll stick with REQUEST NETWORK.
No need to shill omg anymore.
Made my X9 gains.
How much have you made from REQ?
Oh wait...it's still below ico.
Numbers don't lie my friend.
Look at this thread.
Half of this thread is full of full time paid copy pasta pajeet shillers.
I've made $28 from REQcheckmate anon :^)
Because of this Copy Pasta shilling?
Nice wage.
:^)
I do my own researchThe only coins that have made it big have a very solid whitepaperBTC, ETH,OMG,NEO and much moreI dont buy into companies which have a shitty whitepaper.
Period
This argument is flawed since you have OMG in your portfolio, but i get your point.
Give omisego some time :)
And you dont know whether something else is being developed in the background by a competitor.It looks like a good project but it has nothing to show for itself yet.Yes I have a few shekels in it.And OMG is overvalued.