The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
Just bought more because of this weak fud
deluded arkie checking infuck off you pajeet piece of shit, ARK is gonna make me fucking rich
mfw when ark is shilled with my church's religious art
That sell wall is looking fairly impenetrable right now unfortunately.
Prepare to get served, ArkieI can't fucking wait
cant wait to get served then bought at 30 centsoh yeah stay poor
Prepare to serve me a Mcdouble with fries in a year, noark
Arkies have been dumping their current accounts into this scam since 30c and all the way up.Deluded Arkies are going to get served when this shitcoin tanks to $0.10Coin has no use case, can't scale, full of memes and is vapourwareThis will be the first of the 90 other trash alts from the coinmarketcap front page to fucking DIE.
And I'm going to love watching the Arkie panic as they try to sell their bags.
which sell wall?
the 50k sat one?
You're a fucking idiot kill yourself you pajeet street shitting cuck.
Arks gunna make it, If you're clouded by the stuttering pot heads you're a dumbass, cause they're 10x smarter then you, pleb.
Sell your ark and let people who aren't retarded get rich.
did u even take a peek at the whitepaper or are you just here spewing shit around like the Pajeet you are ?
muh white paper>muh smart bridge>muh DPOSHere's the truth, Arkie.Your coin has ZERO viability, you might as well be investing in moon coin.It has literally NO VALUE.
It's only purpose is a whale tool to accumulate more money via offloading to wagecuckers with their free ARK each month.Even all the miners know its scam shit coin.
buy more ark
okay every PoS/DPoS is a scamcoingot it>my sides
found ark when it was ~40 cents and now im up 8x.
i don't really care what you have to say
Name one use for this coin, go on, Arkie.You coin will NEVER be used for anything other than scamming.
It will NEVER, EVER, have real world value.
this is the gayest coin in the cryptoverse seriously only a child would put real money into this stupid shit.
only reason it gets shilled here is because the "team" running this scam are classic 4chan neckbeard autistics
IS TREX DOWN RIGHT NOW TRYING TO DROP MY BAGS
Yep, too right my friend, too right.
and then we moon to 8$
Just let them post, they are faucet users.Probably kids trying to make money since they can't get jobs so it's fine, let them squat here kek.
remember when /biz said to bch bitcoin trash and thatll never moon and shit.
kekd hypocrisy.
never listen to /biz fuckers i was shilling bcash since september thank you for buying my bags at ath.
ARK will moon.
Stay deluded, Arkie
Arkies have the best memes
4366745are you retarded or just new?jesus fucking christit's a JOKE
I can't fucking wait OP, round on me when the prophecy is fulfil
But im in at 1600
$20 EOY 2017, $200 EOY 2018, $1,000 EOY 2020.
Someone post the video
The Arkening will soon be upon us
Sounds pretty realistic tbqh
I'd tone it back a bit$7 EOY 2017$20 Spring 2018$50 EOY 2018$200 EOY 2019$1000 EOY 2021
double dubsI'll take it.
I agree, and the unofficial official ARK delegate on /biz/ is pure cancer.
The conference yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.Price has already tanked 10%.
Once it breaks through the $1.50 resistance the panic will begin and small holders and speculators will begin to offload, with the whales already long gone.Once it shoots through the $1 mark, unabated FEAR will ripe through all ARKies.
With all those who dumped their current accounts into this scam twitching at their arsehole continuously while refreshing bittrex.The $0.50 mark will be met, the largest panic in history will ensue.
The final deluded Nodes will begin to go offline, and wagecuckers with their engineering salaries loaded up in ARK will be left with it stuck in their wallet, unable to move it to bittrex to salvage some self respect.The price WILL tank at this point to sub $0.10, and most probably sub ICO levels.2From that day forward the deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds who bought this coin thinking it had fundamentals will go back to their jobs, with no money in their current accounts, to be made redundant by the next wave of pajeets arriving to undercut their wages.Deluded ARKies will hold bags FOREVER, with no job, no money, and no crypto.I warned you ARKies.
There's still time to get out.
Sell NOW.Don't be deluded, don't be an ARKie.
Dumd ass.
Biz classic are fucking awesome!
I love moonman and uncle chang.
Would fuck them both
How so?
He's literally active and involved and productive, dude.
Keep waiting for $1,000 ARK by 2020 Lennie Small.Ok Lenny.
dont be deluded and pump daily