do you even know the purpose of OMG ?It is literally to exchange things like frequest flier miles/coke rewards/ runescape gold into whatever you want, steam credit, skype credit, KRW, USD, GBP, literally any thing that can be considered of value, into any other thing that can be considered of value.it needs an extremely robust backend for this, and that is what plasma is.This is YUGE!Big talk in Japan 11/30 - Jun will talk about the wallet sdk he said.
do you even know the purpose of BTC ?It is literally to exchange things like frequest flier miles/coke rewards/ runescape gold into whatever you want, steam credit, skype credit, KRW, USD, GBP, literally any thing that can be considered of value, into any other thing that can be considered of value.it needs an extremely robust backend for this, and that is what plasma is.This is YUGE!Big talk in Japan 11/30 - Jun will talk about the wallet sdk he said.
I already have 150 omg, will I make it?
do you even realize they don't have a product for atleast another year?it is literally the most hyped coin I have ever seen.
not to mention the target people to use this are poor people who don't have bank accounts!I'll buy at $4.
this is what btc maximalist actually believe
Didn't know q2 was a year away
I'm not, but clearly a means of trading value has already been established and OMG won't be the one replacing btc.
If private companies opened up their loyalty point system to outside exchange services like omg’s network, which they will never do
god every fucking day I regret not selling when it was $13.Why was I so greedy?
I've lost so much money due to greed
How is OMG any different from all the other cryptos?
What are you talking about?
OMG has no intentions of replacing the archaic crpyto btc.
real time, peer to peer value exchange and payment servicesYeah huge OP, no other coin has ever done this before
Going off what's in the OP, I don't see what this coin adds that doesn't already exist in 100s of other currencies.
How much research have you done into it, excluding the shills on biz?
I haven't.
If the OP is the best shill job in town, this coin is doomed.
Value exchange is already covered.