>reading up on cryptos for the past week>finally feel comfortable enough to want to start investing in BTC>bank deposit won't arrive in GDAX until the 28th because business week cut short due to thanksgiving>BTC over $8k todayW-will it be too late, /biz/?
Wait for a dip to buy.
No, I felt the same way when I was buying my first coins, just be patient anon.
Max your credit.
NOW!
Nah, wait for the next dip and just buy in then as someone said earlier.
It always feels too late.
Crypto is risky so don't invest anything you aren't willing to lose - and diversify a bit for some extra safety (you can do your own research but I own some LTC and ETH also).
The cold hard truth is that you have near zero chance to become an early adopter-tier or even close to it without getting extremely lucky, but you can increase those odds with a little thing called leverage.
Certain folks on this platform simply 100x longed bitcoin from obvious dips (3k china dip, lots of confidence buying here cuz Goldman call) and made killings.
Don't think you can pull off the big short though you fucking retard, because I know some of you will try.Good luck.https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09

Enjoy your last few days of freedom.
It's all a nightmare from here on out.
What did he mean by this?
retarded frogposter with a funnyjunk filename "joins" crypto>wants to buy BTC at ATHkek
I wouldn't say I'm a denizen of imageboards for autism awareness, and as such I don't have folders of Taiwanese manga trading cards saved on my PC so I just google them as needed.
Once your in, you can't literally stop checking the charts.
Same thing happened to me, I missed getting in at 3700 to try to save $200 in fees by going though GDAX.
The money arrived around $4100, and I was waiting for it to drop below $4000.
Eventually I caved and bought at $4300 and was glad I did, but you never know when the tether house of cards can come tumbling down.
I just think of it like reading the news now, which I also used to compulsively do, so it was never really much of a change to me.
Some people who are prone to gambling may find it hard to leave the computer/blockfolio, when most of the time it's probably better for them and their finances that they do take a break.
will it be too late>reading up on cryptos for the past weekyou clearly did not read enough if you think youll never get a chance to buy here again lmao
im here to board a train to the moon bruh
Contrary to popular opinion, if you're expecting a huge bull run, it can be better to buy Bitcoin straight through Coinbase.
Even though the fees will be higher and you still won't get your BTC for a while, it could still end up being a lower price overall than what it will be in 9 days.
Not saying I think that's the case at all, just throwing it out there for ya
that's because you literally have no idea what you've "invested" in
can someone direct me to a comprehensive /into/ guide for BTC?
>Purchasing through an exchange>Not purchasing through GDAXIt's like you want to get JUSTed
I mean through localbitconsfuck I'm tired