Why does nearly every thread here have to start with something sexy or sex-related?
These are the sorts of tactics that make me think that you all are just paid spammers.Pic related.
Just look at the catalog right now.
The sexy concentration is higher than even /b/
No, it's BECAUSE of the scammers Pajeet shills and seven threads all on the same fucking coin the only way we can stealthily get actual dialogue is through a picture of some hot T&A or Trump
you don't like cute girls?fucking homo fag
it's literally pajeets trying to make you think favoraby of whatever they're shilling by association.
it's a psychological tactic.just ignore or report if it's obvious shilling, it gets deleted then
its clickbait
WHY?!
WHY MUST YOU TORMENT ME SO WITH THESE JEZEBELS?
All I want to do is come here for an asexual experience that will exercise my brain but I am constantly titillated by these vixens with their prodigious hips and provocative figures.
Can I never satiate this thirst, will I ever know the touch of a woman and enter between her loins?
Will my seed ever drip from her moistened hole?
some of them are ban worthy to be honest.retards not knowing this is a SFW board.>b-but the parts weren't exposed!MODS
At least we don't have non-blue ones today.
Women pictured with a coin logo get dropped immediately.
It's some of the saddest shilling I've ever fucking seen.
I'm sure that doesn't stop NEETs on this board making an association of pussy and a particular coin, so they buy like the pathetic faggots they are.
It's because this board is full of /pol/ refugees.
Honestly no bullshit, it's usually somebody trying to attract attention for a pump and dump.
Cat Shit One
Because fuck you.
Now take your soda and loli, sit down and shut up
Now take your soda and loli...Thanks, Vitalik
I don't know, but I'm fucking sick of it.
this is the shittiest anime folder i've seen, i wonder what your portfolio looks like.
No GateDisgusting
that make me think that you all are just paid spammersThey literally are, or they're holding the coins that they're shillingt.
/biz/ pro
>haven't fapped in weeks>come to /biz/ to discuss investingGrant me strength.
Weeks?
Iron hands.
because everyone on biz is a faggot
About two and a half.
Not counting on any sort of nofap magic to happen, but not being a slave to my dick feels good.