Give me reasons on why I should go balls deep on this coin.
I have 30k to spend.
do it fag
you could wake up having lost 80% over night on BCH.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
Dont do it stupid, the PnD is over.
Its a scam shitcoin and its going to be sub 1000$ in the next 12 hrs
Save enough money to buy a length of rope to hang yourself when you lose everything.
because in a little more than 18 hours btc will become unmovable
fuck your mother if you want fuck
Same with BTC.
Safety lies in ETH.Btw everyone, DON'T TRUST TETHER.
.5BTC needs a marketcap of 50 billion, let that sink in.
seriously dude, i normally ignore the shilling and fudding here, but this is a BIG risk.
jump into something like eth until things settle down a bit...live to trade another day
Why is it not on bittrex?....
I'm having an overly autistic moment.
implying BTC's market will still be the same when that happens.
It's BCC on there.
Miners will keep mining BCH and BTC is death spiralthe BTC backlog is still growingWatch it get spammed more with microtransactions
It's a great way to get wrecked, same as if you had bought ETH at its peak when people were talking about the ETH/BTC flippening.
Bcash just bubbled, and no there will be no flippening yet again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3W6pGqvlGc
don't.
it's the king of shitcoins 100% under chink miner control.
it's being manipulated by Jihan and Ver
cryptos fluctuate wildly on the whims of little yellow commiesNice, just bought 100k
The hype from /biz/ right now is from coinlets who are bitter about not getting into BTC earlier, so they are hoping this is a second opportunity to ascend into lamboland.
Some might do very well timing the pumping and dumping, but you need to ask yourself do you really think you are going to be one of them reacting this late.
Whales will chew you up and spit you out, and you'll become just another pink wojack.
it's literally free money, just buy and wait
Support above 1000 confirmed.Currently selling for more then an ounce of goldIf it was a true pump and dump, we'd be seeing 300 dollar bcc.
Instead, we're steady at around 1200 to 1400.China will pump this in a few hours again, just like last night.Buy now, set sell limit to .40 and enjoy the ride
Your Reddit spacing is showing.
What does that have to do with any facts I posted?
Your age is showing.
I am 12 and what is this?
Because half the people on here have bcash bags they want to sell you.
Seems legit to me.
Don't, it's going to follow BTC it just hasn't caught up yet.
Because people are shilling it hard and you're getting cold feet
Why shouldn't you put spaces between sentences?Makes it easier to read.
This should be a banner on /biz/
Idisagree