Chainlink
Kek.ITS FUCKING NOTHING.
lmfao, how many times have we heard thisthis will be the news: >we have hired 1 new dev, the website is now updated with a roadmap, and we are proud to say we can begin reimplementing the entire fucking project in a different language
dont worry rory got this

>when updates?>when we feel like itThat's it guys, FUCKING SELL NOW, cut this shit with this cuckoin, how many moon missions are you going to miss?
How many moon missions are you going to watch from the outside?
Literally a a cuckoin.
Sell, cut your losses, btc is about to hit 10k and you're gonna get chucked once again.Buy back in January February when this hits 1 cent and btc hits 10k.
LMAOi love these bag holding retards lapping up dev cum.
these are the people who defrauded you with vaporware bullshit and you still cling to them like they're your last saving grace.
pathetic.linkies really are deluded.
buy back in January when your BTC crashes to 4000 and LINK hits $2
things in the works>in the future>work to address the communities concernsback at it again what with the meaningless weasel words

DONT WORRY I HAVENT SLEPT SINCE I BOUGHT IT
The only news will be that Sergey is topping 400 pounds.
Kek
lmao, this guy scouts every LINK thread and tells people to sell now and buy back later.
Don't listen to this retard, you won't be able to time the market.
You will get burned trying to do this.
Successfully timing the market does not depend on your sick trading skills, but rather pure fucking luck.
why would anyone work when they already got millions from retards
reimplementing the entire fucking project in a different languageI'm simplifying a bit here, but isn't it basically just a JSON parser?
Wouldn't take that long to reimplement, would it?
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
LOL "More updates to come...
IN THE FUTURE""Things are in progress""I can't wait to share things with you as they're available"LOL FUCKING LOLFUCKING LOLOOLOLOLOLOLLO
This is the saddest I have ever seen a development team, besides the wagerr team.We are now at the level where even minor updates are "comming soon" and "in the future".Look at this plebbit thread to see your sad future being told to you by Rory 1.0 Beta version.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Wagerr/comments/7by99o/minor_updates/