>all in altsS-stop it daddy.
Let us grow too....
if you hold the right alts u gonna recover i think
AKA the premier lamboland ticket, AKA LINK
I don't understand what the fuck you are talking about.
I've been holding IOTA and it has performed very well.
>Holding Funfair>Holding Power Ledger>Not down on any of them
idk man, i was holding link but now that btc is about to hit 8k i think the best thing to do is sell, even at a loss and the buy with overpriced btc.
more link
My favourite pink wojak so far.
I fucking love this meme
Unless you got a lot of cash, the gains from BTC won't be as high.
I'm gonna stick with LINK, and if it goes to shit I'll just sell at a loss and lose a couple hundred bucks.
Worth the risk IMO
If BTC hits 10k how much gains will you have?
easy as that.
I guess this faggot wasnt in IOTA lmao
What you being seem somewhat deluded about is that the value of LINK will somehow catch up to what BTC is.
When link was around 8400 sats, btc was about $4500.. it's now close to $8000.
Meaning link has to catch back up - it's not going to happen.It sucks, I know.
It took me a long time to finally grow the balls and accept the loss.
It's only going to get worse, perhaps you'll see link at the same price dollar wise again but by that time you'd have made more with btc.Sell, come back and get in on the ground floor when the times right.
Your NEVER going to be back to 8k sats in btc.
It sucks, I know.
It took me a long time to finally grow the balls and accept the loss.
It's only going to get worse, perhaps you'll see link at the same price dollar wise again but by that time you'd have made more with btc.Are you retarded?
you would have made more with LINK if you bought at ICO and held until now than BTC if you were using fiat and judging using fiat.
LINK was literally at 5x the ICO price at one point.
Right now its almost 2x the price in dollars.BTC is what?
just barely 2x the price even after killing all the alts?
LMAO pathetic.
I did buy at Ico and I sold it like any non retarded person should have.
I will rebuy when something actually happens.
Not hold it to 2000 fucking sats.
Who cares if the dollar value increased, you've lost loads of bitcoin.
The only thing that matters.
Moron.
deluded about is that the value of LINK will somehow catch up to what BTCYou literally just said LINK has no way of catching up to BTC in dollar growth.
When even at its current price its equal or slightly ahead of it.
Its only been 1.5 months since its been tradeable.
What makes you so sure that it wont outpace BTC AGAIN.>Who cares if the dollar value increased, you've lost loads of bitcoinKek, pretty convenient now that BTC is pumping.
Everyone here is for the dollar gains not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is only convenient for day trading since you pretty much have to observe in sats.
You're deluded if you think BTC will outpace LINK in growth in the long run.
Can't wait to see it at 1500 sats which I'll promptly sell when it hits 3000.
Enjoy.
Also, its as if you're implying going back and forth with LINK and BTC as a better option.
Answer this, if you were to buy and hold either LINK or BTC exclusively.
Which is likely to have bigger growth after a year?
Can't wait to see it at 1500 sats which I'll promptly sell when it hits 3000.
Enjoy.Wow no wonder you're convincing anons to sell their bags.
Its almost as if you want to get a lower entry point.
XRP/LINK/STRAT/LTC suck my fat hedgecock you sluts
How does it feel that it unironically is a better idea to hold dogecoin than any other alt?>extremely solid floor at 15 sats, time tested thousands of times.
no matter how hard BTC moons, it never went lower.>solid moon potential once in a while>actually pretty good fundamentals
He was trying to help you dude
btc soars to 20kIs this how alts die?