are we done for today?
This stupid shit has been stuck at $1,200 for hours what the fuck
yeah it's over anontime to take profit
mad retard?
better sell your chink coin
Just wait until it hits 1400 before buyingstop loss: NONE
REPLACE BITCOIN NOW REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
isnt taking the opportunity to buy upto $1400
>anyone who sells their BCH before the BTC difficulty adjustment
I'M STILL HOLDINGWHEN THE FUCK WILL IT MOVE
its over
First Battle>BCH pulls very high>Surprise Attack>Second Battle>BCH doesnt move much>BTC learned from first battle, and moved their BCH to dump on any moon missions>Third Battle>BCH supplies dwindle on the BTC side>BCH finally moons potentially flippening>crypto dies
I don't understand why this fucking thing will not pumpIt really seems like it's being suppressedCONSTANT demand for the past 3 hours exceeding asks Some whale bought a shit ton and the price dropped???
what exchange do you guys use for BCH
Taking profit in the next minute It’s now limpcoin, not pumping left
It went up 35% in 24 hours after a disastrous crash just 7 days ago.
Yeah, I think we're done for the day.
Don't sell ret
Bittrex
BittrexBuy plz we have to force the assholes with open bids below market value to purchase at market
Red pill me on that, goy.
No momentum , sell your bags its over
Why is this shit not pumping it is at 3.7999 BC even when it drops it just jumps back to 3.7999 I hate that number
it's a big pillfor you
There is momentum some whale just dumped a large volume and it instantly shot back up to 3.7999 I am so confused
Bitcoin needs to go below 7600
It's moving again thank fucking godDropped to 3.6 pumped back up to 3.88 (ETH)I'm assuming some massive whale was dumping at 3.79
y
It's still following last weekend's pattern.
Give it time.
What time do you think it will it regain actual momentum
Now.
It's moving
Hopefully, it needs to hit at least 1.5k so I can undo my justing from earlier
I hope you can undo your JUSTing anon.
If it continues like this, BTC's difficulty adjustment may be further out than next week.https://fork.lol/pow/retargetPossibly way, way, waaaaaay further out...
so if btc dies will bch agree to stop this artifical pump nonsense?
because it's diluting the value of the coin... right?
that's what happens when you spawn this many bagholders
we are mooningsomething tells me Jihan is back
artificialKEK
chinese wash trading>not artificialor are you one of those retards who thinks they really are 50% of the market
bitcoin is dropping toosomeone tell me not to fomo
Fomo make a profit and get this bag off me fuc all it needs to do is rise like mother $5 for me to get rid of it
I'm talking about the constant difficulty adjustments, it's pretty bizarre outside of a malicious game theory scenario to constantly adjust the value of your coin to be a profitable investment.
That would actually make this a ponzi scheme until actual merchants and consumers starting using this on a large scale.
Jihan will do whatever it takes to winThis is all that needs to be understoodIt's not that I necessarily think BCH cashening is the best way forward, but it is a way forward that could create progress in bitcoin and if early adopters make money off of that then I don't see why that's any worse than people who made money buying BTC in 2009
It's not just Jihan faggotIt's the BCH communityEVERYONE that holds BCH wants it to win, it is a really comfy hold.
Go ahead and hold just ONEFeel it.
Feel how much this feels exactly like BTC, but somehow it feels more comfy.
every holder that matters already got bcash for free in the airdrop
but somehow it feels more comfy.Man you gotta be more subtle
yes and I'm glad they're selling so I can buyDude I would love for Bitcoin cash to go lowerhell, call it BCash.
Make it go down to $300, I would be buying so much
Holy shit BCH is comfy as fuck
not gonna lieI bought my first bitcoin cash today and its the comfy as fuck
I have 60 BCH and 0 BTC.
I have not felt exactly comfy for the last week but I sure as fuck FEEL
feels super weird seeing something I threw together in 20 minutes in wide distribution now.