the (((blockstream))) shills are back, shitting out low-quality FUD threads about BCH.
does this mean Operation Dragonslayer is real?
buy signal?
My man

Either it's real, or the game theory underpinnings of the entire system have been empirically invalidated and we're all wasting our time with any proof of work backed coin to begin with.
Blockstream are the good neckbeardsSegwit2x are the evil bankersBCH are retards/chinks
And this is how you can identify early signs of mental illness in the underprivileged.
Definite buy signal.If FUD threads come up when Bitcoin Cash is doing nothing- high probability it's some Corecuck shills.How to spot:1.
Threads aren't funny.
Threads aren't actually related to real events or price movements or funny shit.2.
Threads ONLY mention BTC and Bitcoin Cash.
There's NO mention of thoughts or support surrounding other crypto by real shills.3.
Threads mention Roger Ver like anyone really gives a fuck about the guy aside from the fact he's a big whale.4.
Threads constantly rail on a "chink conspiracy".5.
No one will seriously answer substantive points.
Debate me
You'd need to make a claim that didn't belong in a really boring and sad comic book about political non-entities that nobody in their right mind cares about first.
Blockstream make god tier tech proposals for Bitcoin, Sidechains, high end tech like Simplicity that shits on Solidity and Vitalik’s existenceSegwit2x comes from NY AgreementBCH comes directly from minersWhat part don’t you understand?
Blockstream make god tier tech proposals for BitcoinThis is unquantifiable propaganda and bullshit to privilege your audience into thinking well of the subject.> SidechainsWhich are the business model of Blockstream, and they have admitted out loud through twitter via their CEO that their business model is effectively to charge tolls on these roads and those tollbooths are valuable inversely proportional to the ease and cost with which transactions can be made on chain.Mind numbingly obvious conflict of interest that nevertheless does not seem to stop brainlets constantly rushing to their defense because muh political narratives of good guys and bad guys.> high end tech like Simplicity that shits on Solidity and Vitalik’s existenceNone of which has anything at all to do with the scaling discussion.
But throwing it out there because you just want to push that narrative of good guys and bad guys harder isn't going unnoticed.> Segwit2x comes from NY AgreementDCG are investors in Blockstream.
the entire NYA was probably a distraction to pull support away from BCH.
It was indisputably Blockstream and the NYA signatories that stabbed miners in the back to get segwit activation without the part of the deal that they promised.> BCH comes directly from minersWho are the mechanism which secures the entire system, and around whose rational self interest the entire incentives and game theory were constructed.
If they did not throw off the obvious hijack and control attempt from Blockstream and their lackeys, they would simultaneously be proving the entire project into which they invested billions worth of hardware a complete lie.> What part don’t you understand?Absolutely none.
You should try it some time..
Can I subscribe to your newsletter?
Bcash is its own FUD.
muh unquantifiable because I’m a fucking idiot>muh it’s all for the miners how anyone else dare make money of it
control attempt from Blockstream and their lackeys,You spent way too much time on r/BTC and have become mentally retardedRip
I surrender.k
BcashOpinion discarded