So I just got a job delivering pizzas for side cash but ive never delivered food before.What am I in for?
Any
a lot of driving ... okay tips ... and reeking like pizza
youre in for a really laid back job
Are pizzas a new coin?
What exchange?
Mugged in the hood
and if you do it long enough you will either get robbed, almost get robbed, or see tits.
Like too laid back?
Will I bored as fuck?
Pizza delivery was one of my first jobs anon.
I fucking loved it, even though the pay wasn't great.
Got free pizza every night I worked.
And the people I worked with were cool.
Fucking tore it up in their little 5-speed front wheel chink shitbox all around town too.
Used to get pretty sweet tips, since I was fast.
If you're not a spaz, you'll fucking love it lad.
You done well, as far as I'm concerned.
Are the tips on average worth doing the second job?
>tfw you will never get 10,000 btc for pizzawhy the fuck do even alive
Seemed like a good idea since I need extra income for holidays/medical bills/investing.
Any tips on making beyter tips anon?
I CC a pistol regularly.
Atleast I have that.
Congratz op
Yeah, keep yourself clean, have some manners, and don't be a stuttering dipshit.
As long as you have any confidence in yourself you'll probably just naturally love the job anyway and it will come second nature.
Honestly it's a cruisey gig.
I'm getting all nostalgic and shit.
Maybe I ought to see if the local shop needs a driver.
I could do another stint for shits and giggles.
Dude its great.
BUT there is one huge risk you take driving food.
If you hit someone and cause injury or death your insurance wont cover it and you or your parents could get sued for over a million dollars or something.. My mom didn't want me to deliver b/c of it.
Should I update my insurance provider?
Last thing I need is to be caught with my pants down so to speak.
I a great driver but that's not why they call em accidents.
Depends on your country.
Delivering pizzas in NZ was chill as fuck.
better to be safe than sorry.
You'll get great tips on game night, whatever the 'big sport' is for your area figure out what the game nights are and make sure you're working.
Apparently you have to pay for the pizza with your cash before you move out to deliver them
Wtf lol where did you get that from?
That makes no sense at all dude
It guarantees you make sure it is delivered on time and in good condition.
Some American told me this happens in America