When REQ hits ico there's no stopping it 50 cents by Monday
tomorrow it's gonna explode, see you in Lambo land!
big news coming on Friday.
What exactly will be announced tomorrow?
he doesn't know
should i hold req or RCN.
RCN seem like it is trolling me.
Why you shilling this now!!!!
!You are going to get the pajeets back on board!!
stop it!
Anyone who didnt go all in on req at 60% ico is mentally ill
Omg is it Bittrex?
Every two weeks they give us updates on the project.
Dont expect a miracle but the updates have always been more than expected.
Gdax my dear sir.
It has to be, instead of participating in confido ico I bought more req so it has to go at least 10x
think bigger and better
This.
It was so hard too wipe pajeet scum out from our fine minimalist made in France rocketship and now they're about to return.
Please no.
buying ATHI don't know about this one, its literally just a whitepaper
implying it's ATHdumb nigga
I was never racist before I got into Crypto but since I have been investing I have seen the best and worst of people.I have sent and received money back from strangers for no other reason than of good will and the joy of helping each other out, I have been involved in great communities where people have helped each other make thousands of dollars.BUT I have also seen cowards, greed and impatience.
I have seen people try and scam others.
My worst is the fake polite "sirs" and " thank you sirs" when things are going up and the crazy 180 degree turn-about from the same people "fuck your bitch mother ass" when things dip.All these terrible traits can be summed up with one race and one word describes them perfectly, PAJEETS.
Lmao big if true
Lmao poo in loo
>tfw you only went in with 60% of your portfolio>tfw at least you got in around 0.000137 ETH.Biggest I've spent on a single project, sadly only 100k REQ.
I'ma hold this bitch tho and will ride it for a long time, I really believe in this one.
https://twitter.com/RNR_0/status/928257579213565957Romano is it you?
hits icoplease, this coin JUSTed me hard
I think there are a lot of people that have had a similar experience.
Nah, some chumps will probably dump at ico after seeing it go down so far they won't want to chance it.I'll be holding for a long time though.
dump at icoThis is exactly what I want to see.
A couple extra days of big sell off around .0002, and comfy and steady growth after with all pajeet gamblers out.
big sell when ico>people see its bleeding >sell more
not now, buy pressure is strong enough to overweight sell pressure.
Whales have been accumulated steadily during past weeks (constant stack increase among top holders), they are not selling that low especially with all news coming.
I was going to get 10k as soon as the ETH transfer got finalised.
Do you reckon we might see a drop within the next 24h sufficiently justifiable to wait and get more REQs?
I've got 22k Req and I'm hungry as fuck for more.
Would also like to know this.
hard to tell, I think we'll break 20k within a few hours and will soar around till Friday.
On Friday we have an update from devs + their reddit AMA session answers.
If news and update are so-so I expect to slight drop to 18k.
If good (which pretty possible as they are ahead of roadmap and said they'll share some UI soon, maybe tomorrow) - price may explode from 30k to 40k.
That's my estimate
19.5k ETHsatit's almost there guys