
Fucking finally these bags move
What is that though even though?Specifically looks like an under is contained in there.
4441056Just traded mine for NEO.
You're welcome I guess.
we 364 now and still lookin bullish

where to jump...
ETH is breaking out>money is stuck in limbo due to a transaction fuck up>other money is taking a fucking week for bank transferHELLO DARKNESS MY OLD FRIEND
sold at 344 earlier today, bought back in at 353 due to fomo and set a stop loss at 354, so far no regrets.
every minute with any volume on it is green and if we're being honest ETH is long long overdue to start getting back to the upper 300 range
>it's a Bittrex wont fucking load during a moon mission episodeAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
quickly approaching 370 now
Will 370 be the stopper?
AHH NO MY BCH IS GOING DOWN WITH BTC THIS ISN'T SUPPOSED TO HAPPENETH IS KILLING BOTH THE BITCOINS AHHHH
THE PRINCE
 guess not
lol it just smashed right through 370 like it was nothing
Flashbacks to BCH flippening
nope
congrats on this.
seriously.
Tfw my wild hunch this would happen pans out Life literally cannot get any more comfy rn
THE FLIPPENING IS HERE BOYS
eth moon.
see ya btc
Got out right at the top.
Exhilarating.
yup
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand its over
Well shit its going down towards 350 again pretty fast.
hour green.
RIP
crap, i bought two more at 370 when it dipped for a second, but then it continued to dip, sold back out at 362still made decent gains form buying in at 353 thoughWhere do you guys think it will settle down at?
or what are you lloking for your next buy in
set sell order at 495>peaked at 490 and crashed
ROUND TWOFIGHT
>all of these people on the exchanges dumping ethFor what purpose?
rebuy where?
what price are you guys looking to buy back in at?
hard to say where the new support line will be so i dont know where i should put my limit buy orders, it seems like it could just as easily continue to climb aruond in 4 hours or so when bigger moves usually happen
4441707Rebuy at $355 possibly, it looks like the only reason it is going down is because of concentrated offloading.
It should keep climbing.
345 if you are risk averse.
Sold at 330 before the pump, was waiting for a dump, said fuck it; bought at 350chillin till 400 BABAYY