Yesterday an anon quietly revealed this gem of a token and I want to pass that on today.
Under 5 million market cap, trading only on Ether Delta but not for long.
- Horizon State offers a secure digital ballot box that technology provides a hack-free voting experience that is secure and anonymous for voters.
- In early 2017, Horizon State tested the technology in for Australia’sMiVotemembership, validating the technology with 4 nationally inclusive polls that committed thousands of votes to the Ethereum public blockchain.- Used for corporate/municipal/NGO/organizational voting as well as political- “We are excited to share this vision with the world.
Currently, we are engaged with global NGOs, multinational enterprises, national governments, and city councils.
The future of e-voting will incorporate the technology we already have at our fingertips to deliver the opportunity to vote conveniently and securely, perhaps without ever having to leave your home.” - Jamie Skella, Co-Founder- HST token: 29 million circulating supply, 48 million total.
ICO price was .089 cents usd.
Their was a larger supply but it was unsold at ICO and was permanently locked- 2 exchanges coming within next 20 days, announcements soon- Partnership announcements with major corporations and cities coming before XMAS- Clients must buy HST tokens to use the Horizon State voting platform which increases value of tokens.
Horizon State devs have said they are strongly considering burning used tokens to decrease the supply + appreciate valueresources: - https://youtu.be/C-0ZMC4y9pE- https://www.smithandcrown.com/sale/horizon-state-ico-blockchain-based-voting-ecosystem/- https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/australia-the-most-innovative-blockchain-adopter-in_us_59eb5d72e4b092f9f241925b- https://horizonstate.com/- https://medium.com/horizonstate/horizon-state-to-help-build-aragon-voting-modules-b7f748759a23



Are you the anon who posted about CFD, EPY, DOVU, etc.?
not Dovu, but the others yes
What are the two other exchanges?
Figure it'll jump then?
Won’t you need national governments signed on for this to be successful?
"Governmental targets will be big wins for PR, and big wins for commercial success.
However, many fruitful results will come from other customer types, such as global NGOs, and multinational enterprise, who will run ‘votes’ and engage their constituencies with far more frequency than current electoral processes.When you have a global NGO that reaches out to a global audience of 5 million members regularly, and then we bring on a few of those, we’re already talking about volumes of platform activity far greater than many countries.That said, we’re already engaged with councils and state governments around the world, as well as political parties and independent politicians.
Electoral use is just one narrow use case for this tech - there many kinds of votes.
"Dan Crane, co-founder Horizon State
the team won't reveal details in the telegram but i think this is going to binance.
i'm pretty sure of it.
they like low market cap coins and their last Australian ICO coin (POWR) went parabolic, so they'll probably want to see if lightning strikes twice
VERY VERY Bullish on this.
I see it as an easy 5x by EOY
Threw a hundred dollars at it, lets see how bad you fuck me anon
hold and wait for volume to pick up, this team isn't going to disappoint.
jamie skella is getting things done and HST holders will be rewarded.
Where can I buy now?
ED for now but two exchanges inbound.
Very excited for this project because it has real backing and has a very specific use case


wow.
thanks for posting this
other anons have given me good info and /biz/ used to be a place with more good leads and less pink wojacking.
lets make /biz/ great again.
just doubled down
how much are you in and when did you get in?
interesting coin
i've already seen a 2x but i'm expecting a bigger moon out of this than POWR.
december/january is going to be big for this token.
theres 400 million though
Is this true?
Do you have a link for etherdelta please
whats the etherscan address?
copy pasta please
thanks for the heads up anon, papa bless
do you know how to read?
they locked out all tokens except 48 million of them, 29 million of which are in circulating supply.
read my posts for fucks sake
no, please read the info in OP and subsequent screenshots regarding supply.
they locked out all unsold tokens which reduced the supply to 48 million total.
https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETH
how's this better than Aragon?
It's not a deadcoin.
i did, but i checked etherscan, but youre right is only 29 millionmoon mission time
HST on ED yeah?
pic related
https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETH
https://medium.com/horizonstate/horizon-state-to-help-build-aragon-voting-modules-b7f748759a23actually Aragon will utilize HST
WTF I CLICKED THE LINK AND ALL THE FOOD IN MY FRIDGE IS GONE
roflmfao
they do different things.
Aragon is used to create and govern organizations.
Horizon State is a digital voting platform to arrive at governance.
Aragon and Horizon State are working together, see link in OP
got in at 57, now at 70...hope the comfy feels dont go away
a token>a token...>A motherfucking token>A TOKENWhen will tokens realize they're not real coins?
huh?
Stuck a grand in yesterday and already up 30%.
This thing isn't even on coinmarketcap yet and only got onto blockfolio yesterday.
First time I've listened to biz.
good, HST is taking off right now.
>itt: anons buying the toplel
million market cap coin with small supply + huge potential and inbound exchanges.
its obvious anon.
pic related
Team members talking about price = red flag
im on ED right now but how do I change the chart from 1 day to different time frames?
I dont think you can
Put another $100 or so in, this is looking good
>tfw normalfags are not skilled enough to operate ED
Coming on 3 hours waiting on fucking Binance to process ETH withdrawal.
I'd already be up almost 50% if I'd been able to buy this shit when I meant to.
dont worry anon its just seen a meteoric rise, there should be a retrace in there somewhere before it goes for the next leg up
I only learned to use it yesterday, been putting it off for months, it wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be.
I learned it while high as a kite
4327896c'mon fags tell me how to change the chart time frame.
There's gotta be a way.
I want to see more than 1 day of prices
use coinmarketcap lad
Same.
Opened a ticket but don't expect a response.
its only been trading for 1 daydo you mean for other coins?
don't think its possible on ether delta
25 eth buy at 00079 who was it?
oh I didn;t know that, thanks thanks.Should I get some now or wait for a pullback?
I wish I could understand etherdelta
the order book looks good and its being bought on good volume at increasing prices.
there aren't small buys but rather big ones worth 20-25 eth.
so yes, there will be a pull back but when and to where is anyone's guess.
i think anything under 001 is a good entry
I didn't even read the tutorial and figured it out.
watch a youtube vid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sprYsjf0euAQT.
Gonna learn from her
looks fine to me, in since yesterday
i have like one measly eth.
I'm considering putting it all into Ark.
Should I put some in this?
ARK has much less potential for movement than this.
but DYOR, if you like ARK, buy it.
but HST is growing really nicely, i'd say moon mission confirmed.
go with what you think is best.
you can have 3 eth to put into ark if you put it into this first
What price to you people think it will go to?
I'm in boys @ .00079WILL I MAKE IT??
that's a pretty good looking chart i'd say
4328404okay I'm going to go for it.
My Eth is on my polo account.
can anyone be kind enough to walk me through transfering it into ED and then into HST?
I just want to general gist so I know I'm not fucking this up somehow>t.
brainlet
 exchanges coming within next 20 dayswhich will be most likely?
what do you guys think?
send from POLO to your MEW/meta mask.
make sure its all lined up in ether delta.
send ETH from your metamask to ether delta contract.
buy.
but if youre unsure watch a youtube vid.
but be warned dude, I have seen it many times already that somebody fucked up and if you fuck up somebody will most likely screencap it, make a thread and call you a retard.
I haven't bought any, but I will when I get home.
worth a few hundred to speculate with I guess
Sell walls are all low.
How high we going boys?
I agree, I just threw another 2 ETH in at 0.00079 after buying 0.35 ETH worth at both 0.00058 and 0.0007 ... this should be easy 2x by tomorrow if not more
someone just fucked up really bad, .753 eth for .001 HST lmao
THIS CHART THO
lmao
op delete this
Like this fag
I tried to sell it but it went too fast.. ugh haha 
Ok, installing metamask right now.
I really have no idea what I'm doing but I'll just follow the video instructions.
no screencap plz.I'm looking for a video explaiing how to send eth from Polo to MetaMask but can anyone here give me a quick rundown?
4328580kek that wasn't me I promise
LOL ED strikes again!!
lol ok good!
follow the instructions carefully and triple check everything you input
sitting comfy with all mine purchased under 0.0008 and now 36 ETH in buy support at 0.0008
That's what they said about EPY too lol, JUSTd.
I'm in this though, it's looking good so far.
need to redeem myself
Could you explain this to me?
I understand it's just a visual of the orderbook but I'm not sure how to tell how it's good or not?
because nobody is selling low?
EPY is an actual shitcoin though.
HST is for real.
lots of buy support, little sell resistance
right, nobody selling low, but beside that hardly any sell depth whereas there is tons of buy depth
yea really m8, take this as a warning and do what  said.dude thats like the basics, you should really research the whole thing more before you get JUSTed.
me too dude.
i swear i clicked it pretty much a second after it popped up
just posted in the telegram
learning as I go but I'm trying.
only messing with little amounts though, the best way to learn is to jump in though, right?
You guys think it will dip tommorow?
want to buy more
it might, but there's been tons of big buying going on from 00075 to 00081. so if we reach higher than that today doubtful we'd dip below the 7's
moon and pump confirmed.feels good manI always do learning by doing>only messing with little amounts thoughthats a good habit actually, always testing the water with the little toe before jumping in.
confirming everything works smooth.never understood why retards throw all their money into the unknown.
although with the way the charts looking now we have a lot more movement upwards to do
Okay lads, I've installed MetaMask (pretty slick program I gotta say), transfered all my eth from POLO to MM, and then deposited it into ED.
Now I'm trying to buy an appropriately sized block.
Thanks for the help and here's to a moon mission.
cheers dude
cheers!
4329168we the Horizon State Muhrines now?
4329231well fuck, so I've deposited my eth to ED but when I click on one of the red orders to buy, my MetaMask pops up and says insufficient funds.
I only have like .0008 Eth left in my metamask because i sent most of it to ED per the video posted above.
Why is the buy order trying to use MM to pay when I deposited eth into ED?
you can lower the amount of GWEI when metamask prompts you to confirm the transaction.
otherwise, you'll need to leave more ETH in metamask for gas.
the buy order needs gas to send from MM to ED
reporting in
there's a fee (in addition to gas) that goes to ED when you fill someone else's order.if you place the order yourself and someone else completes it, you dont pay the ED fee
so should I use this box to place abuy order instead?
I deposited like .7 Eth to ED and have about .0008 Eth left in MetaMask.>tfw not sure if confounded or just a brainlet
yep, exactlykeep in mind if you want to cancel an order you need to eat a gas fee.
if you dont plan on cancelling dwai
well I tried buying from the red list again and got this scary message.
I mean, if you dont trust ED then that's up to you lol
thats fine!
click yes or submit or whatever.
standard message
4329467whatever I signed it.
Lets see if i triple my money or lose it all.In the event of it tripling or whatever this week, I might go all in on Ark.
Any thoughts?
also, does anyone have a short term PT for HST?
If OP is legit and this gets listed on two other exchanges, are we heading for lamboplanet?
and by fine i mean only fine since its for ED.
but in other places if you get that message think twice.
ED is trustworthy though.
Great project indeed!
And here comes the pump.
Get the signals here in Discord https://discord.gg/DSd77v
why don't you guys just use parity with ED?
I seem to be doing well with it
400 eth buy order on ED :O
or>In the event of it tripling>put it into ETH which is somewhat stable>wait for next moon mission>quintuple the money>retire before end of this year
sup anon ;)
I don't see that.
Screencap?There are some big (16, 12) sell orders around .001 Worth concern?And there's a 98 Eth sell at .0019Let's get this pump going

I would make big cums if I pulled that off.
.5 ETH into a whopping 8 eth assuming I pull a quint moon mission twice in a row.Oh well lol that's better than nothing
i saw the depth shift on the chart and was looking for the order that did it.
nice find
well let's hope they bump it up because at .0004 it isn't doing us any good
there are guides just google it
fuck senpai im making bank on this
Who's already in?
Got in for my stack at 0.00088.... am I fucked?
jusr getting started
Doubtful, we should at least 2x, not that much resistance
man I'm really comfy right now
After a minor 4 hour delay 'processing' my ETH withdrawal at Binance I'm finally in the game.
man im gonna get pajeet'd again arent i
realistic marketcap by end of the year?
25m?
Quality shill, anon.
/Biz/ needs more of these.I discovered HST when I was browsing EtherDelta, was checking my EPY which has already doubled.Went to HST website, asked some questions on their telegram and decided to put some ETH into it.Already x2 again today.
Comfy af.
Nah, you're gonna make it anon!!!!!
bought epy a few days ago, it doubled in value the next day then crashed back down to the value i bought in at :(
when you profit take it, dont get greedyprofit is profit
 I'm so greedy some times im up $1k and dont profit take then it crashes.
It's a real hard lesson to learn.
hour delay reporting in.I've fuded this 6 hours ago when it was 0,0004-5 ETH, then fomo at 0,0007 when I saw the beginning of the hype.Binance fucked me and finally went in at 0,00084 ethI hope it's gonna be ok
I first FOMOd on it when it was still going for 0.00057.
Thanks to Binance - who are responsible for 100% of my bad experiences trying to withdraw - I didn't get in until 0.00089-91 range.
Anyway given it's been covered by Forbes and has proper exchanges imminent we should still profit nicely and quickly regardless of getting in later than we'd hoped.
Ah fuck bro I know those feels.
I could have got near $3k on LINK, but held too long after SIBOS dump started so only made about $500.
Could have got $2k on ODN but held too long again and exited with slight loss.
I got great profits on ETP but would have doubled them if I'd sold as it hovered around ATH instead of stupidly expecting the pump to continue despite upcoming BTC fork bullshit.
I've largely learned to control FOMO but still struggling with the greed/right time to exit.
it's too late for u anoncurrent depth not looking good.
everyone who has 2x is taking profit rn, will drop back down to .0007 soon
 lol WAT
?
Ok anon.. my first time here, really bored sick of my life, and my poor net worth, and i'm trying to study a war to change this, and this is my first time seeing something like this, can you explain how does this work, or send me a guide to it, i'm from Brazil, and there is no WAY to make real money here anymore.
I'm just as confused as you with that retards comment.. almost no fucking resistance to 0.0019 lol
That low rank fud lolat ico price/3, I think it should be ok
thats what im talkin about
I understand how the fat fingers/miscounting decimal points results in ED comedy, but why the fuck would someone choose to deliberately put in a buy order so far above the current price?
I've seen this a few times and only on ED.
Is this just some guy going spastic due to severe FOMO?
it was my birthday and i was out all day rofl.
couldnt really do much about it
thats only 10% above the buy orders around it
That's pretty fucking big.Given the tiny market cap, HST is insane growth potential.Is this the last 100x ICO?
But why would you pay 10% extra for absolutely no reason?
sometimes I buy slightly above due to etherdelta having so many 'bad destination jump' errors .. possibly he was doing the same thing... although there are 4 open orders with the volume he wanted.. so I don't know why he'd go that high
When ED is moving fast, taking a high buy order is a good way to not waste ETH on failed transactions.
4330855Yeah I get that and I do the same, it's just that he went for price so much higher than was necessary that I find strange - severe FOMO I guess.
i miss these sort of comfy moon missions before everything exploded this summer
What does money have to do with voting?Why would you need to put 1,000s of dollars in a "voting" block chain system?
voting is an expensive process anon marriage plebiscite in aus got $200m they've already got partnerships with several cities.they all relatively well-known in the aus startup eco-system and well networked.
Still doesn't make sense.
The voting block chain should be throwing votes around, not money.
How much crack are you smoking?
decentralized voting fuckers
I figured everything out, give me some slack, okay?Thanks anyways.
you vote using tokens, are u a brainlet
It's just another pump and dump coin with a loose association of 'muh official government processes' to get dumbfucks excited.When you voted for trump did you vote $100 worth or did you vote "1 vote"?
Did you read the FAQ?
It's targeting commercial usage mostly.
The government business is just a bonus.
It's on CMC now:https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/decision-token/#charts
why is it dying
Because it's not?
look at the scale, retard
Saw this thread and immediately bought 1000 HST just to fuck around>It's been up 100% since posting the OP.Nice.
Should've treated it like Confido and went balls deep.
possibly, anon.
possibly.
this looks great, thanks for posting
CFD and HST are good for pump.
i'm holding this coin until at least december, this team is gonna come through with big announcements then.
talk to them in telegram, this is a legitimate long term moon mission.
no problem, i'm glad if you guys make some money and hopefully we can start a better /biz/ like it used to be, where we helped each other make it.
make /biz/ great again!
they need to fix total coin supply
unrelated but I'm currently rolling on the ark faucethttps://classicdelegate.biz/faucetif anyone has spare Ark i want it ALB44R6oeAaGm7enA5iz1cwLFNizvQhhXQ
sure, here is some money
Total Supply410,468,970 HST
 million.
the other tokens were unsold in the token sale and are going to be burned
its incorrecttotal supply is 48,000,000
Is it too late to get onto this?
Only just saw the thread.
no.
It's dipping right now.
good time to get in
ok, I'll throw an ETH in it and see where it goes.
But only cause I'm an ausfag and the binance rumour sounds tasty since I had a nice run on there with NULS.
Hope no one missed that dip.
Bought at 0.00043, sold at 0.00049.
ouch.
Haven't you heard?
This is the Last Moon.
Is it too late or is this a long term hold anyway?
Long term hold with real short term profit potential.Depends on which you want - 3x in a week, or 30x in a year?
bought in at .00065 sold at .0009 leaving the profits for the moon mission.
got a free ticket to the moon so im good ;) thanks 4chan you guys are the best.
always buy the low marketcap coins right at the start when they starting to get shilled.
never buy coins that got pumped.
those are bags ppl tryign to sell you.
Who here got pajeet'd by this shitcoin?
Bought in again at 0.0009, will sell when it dips to 0.0007.
kekcan always count on based /biz/ for a few laughs
I understand people taking some profits, but come on.. calling this coin done and moving on is ridiculous.
Has so much potential to really explode.
I took my initial investment out but gonna leave the rest till it hits exchanges atleast.
Still bullish on this thing.
Has so much potential to really explode.There are like 3 dozen coins/tokens you could say this about right now.
i think i did a good amount of research and compiled it all neatly for you anon's in the OP and throughout the thread.
there is a very compelling case for why this isn't a shitcoin and for why you should hold this one a bit to see some real parabolic gains around december/january.
yes, short term there will be profits.
but this is gonna be an OMG style extended moon mission.
this exactly
Gonna stick 'em in MEW and check again in a couple of months.
This coin has bigger fish to fry.
ED is not it's endgame.
Also thanks for your work.
4334782Yes.
Thanks based anon
%
Strapped in
The dip is over
Bought it
fucking binance chinks fucked me again with their stuck eth withdraws, just fomoed in at 0.00093 instead of 0.0007 last night REEEE
Don't worry.
You're still well in time
Ready for blast off after the dip.
Great time to get in.
price projections eoy?`
I BOUGHT THIS 10 MINUTES AGO!
WHY ISN'T IT PUMPING YET!?
>bank transactions on Coinbase take a fucking week>add card so I can buy quickly>order cancelled and card removed
How fucking shit is your bank?
Are you a burger?
You guys always seem to be the ones getting fucked with this bullshit.
Bank transactions for me take 1 day on average for Coinbase (SEPA transfers) and no problems at all with card buys.
What was ICO price in ETH?
Yep, I'm a burger.I contacted support about the card but the site says their support staff is "under heavy load and may not respond for days."
+ another 100% at least when you can buy it somewhere other than ED
If you want to see the gem we advise you to pay attention to the Diamond (DMD) You can earn $ 80 a day without any trading risks https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=580725.0
Looks good but etherdelta...
Yeah etherdelta sucks, which is why the price instantly increases when going on another exchange.Tbh it's not even that bad of an exchange and it gives you a good buying opportunity.
I like ED, have gotten some good deals on there as well as sold on a few fat-fingered orders that must have pissed someone else off I have no doubt.
ED is a blessing.
It's a filter that allows you to buy in early.
Can someone tell me how the fuck do I use EtherDelta
First you get yourself some autism then it will make sense.
Wait a minute, am I being fucked over with a (((small market cap))) meme again?
>Your wallet's ETH balance is not enough to cover the gas cost (Ethereum network fee)I didn't know you needed to have leftover ETH in your wallet.
I figured the ED wallet would cover the fees.Would anyone be willing to send me a dollar or two worth of ETH?
Else I'm stuck in this loop.
The pumpening has begun!
posts by this ID
Please guys, just a dollar or two.
I'll send it back.
I'm literally stuck because I can't move money back and forth.0xFB05CaC178A9c11df52654544DBb2FB87D3a6d97
It's on CMC now and that says otherwise.
Double checked on ED though and you are right, I'm up, but only a little.
sent 0.01 ETH, that will get you through.0x1bE8AA2133358f4580f3D0B5Ea6d57DfEC099076
Thanks a million anon
we're not all shit-cunts here, even if a lot are.
This guy gets it.
Especially to throw ridiculously positive predictions.
Very unprofessional.
Well they aren't wrong.....so...
Today, OP was not a faggot.
>buy order in at 0.00085>already fucking 0.0011Fuck that I'm not buying anymore.
Nice gains for anyone who got in yesterday.
got in today a few hours ago at 0.00084YISSSSSS!
Good guy of the day.
I should have got in at 0.00057, but Binance chinks held up my ETH for near 4 hours so didn't until 0.00091.
Still comfy but should be at 2x right now instead of just in profit.
just bought in at .0011watch it crash
Predictions for the end of the day/week/month?0.00091Literally me
I'd just like to think that id I needed it someone would do it for me.
Besides, I have gotten good tips from /biz/ and the memes are fucking top notch, so I don't mind sharing the love.
I like that meme a lot.
Someone needs to make a Wojak rekt version!
Uhmmm I beg to differ.
The pump is real on ED.
Lol ended up buying some, actually looks like a good project.
I reckon we can see an easy 2x from here, I'll probably just sell then.
woah, no kidding!
First NULS, now this.
Let the unJUSTening commence!
I dont understand
Predictions for the end of the day/week/month?If what they're saying about imminent listing on at least 2 other exchanges is true I'd expect 0.002 at least end of week.
Given they're already getting major MSM coverage - the Forbes article - and don't really have any competition for what they're doing should be a fairly comfy hold mid term.Yeah I FOMOd in on it last night but just put about 6.5 ETH in after selling off my XVG bag.
If I can get 2x I'll probs sell as well.Bought 5.5k NULS cos I was drunk af.
Looks like my last two FOMO buys are going to pay off nicely today.
NULS reminds me of ANS/NEO so much it's scary, except this time I have a bit more in it than I had in ANS/NEO.
And I made a few thousand off of NEO.
Fuck I love crypto.
NEO was my first big gainer - being newfag who only into crypto early Sept I bought a few £k worth right when it hit bottom middle of month cos of China FUD.
First time I got 2x gains was delightful.
Moved those gains into ETP which was first time I got x gains.
China coins have been very good to me.
More recently my best performers have been Arab coins - got 2x on RKC and DBIX.
I got into it when it was ~$3.50, started in June.
Only had a few hundred in it though.
But i watched it over the space of about a month go from where I bought it to $50.
It was fucking glorious.
Got into OMG below a dollar too, but sold it a bit over a dollar with intentions to buy back in lower.
Missed it and fomo bought back in around $3 but lost about 200 OMG doing it.
I'm trading NULS at the moment trying to bounce between buy/sell walls to increase my stack, but once it gets too tight again I'll just give up and hold it for a bit.
I remember seeing DBIX pump for the BCH fork whenever that was too.
So it was probably due another one.
I'd pick some up but it's only on shit exchanges isn't it?
Yeah I got it on Cryptopia which I find just about bearable to use.
Had the same issue the other day.
Was the fraud dept.
at the bank canceling my card.
Cleared up and good to go after a minute conversation.
GL anon
At least it's run by sheep shaggers.
Which I find a great deal more tolerable than that pajeet-tier shitfest that is NovaExchange.
And we won't even mention Yobit.
HST was prime for a pump!
No more pink wojacks biz bros.
 50
4334857anytime /biz/ bros$2making /biz/ great againas it so happens their community manager said the team has a new policy to not discuss price/trading
Got in with > 10,000 at 0.0004, it's at 0.001 last I checked.
I was very very very tempted to cash in my gains but then I remembered OMG is at like 0.02 despite still not releasing the wallet, and I only play with money I'm not afraid to lose, so I'm gonna see what happens
Still pumping...
Remember that you can set the gas price to whatever you want > 1.
I recommend setting it to 1 if you don't have a lot in your wallet, it will still process in less than 1 minute and it's very cheap
 and it still has so much higher to go
%
4338174look up higher in the thread.
A kind anon spoonfed me and there is also a video up there.
It's not that hard but you need metamask if you don't have it.
Easy install tho
there's some decent resistance at .001385.
Any cause for concern?
Also, the chart is looking great.
Thanks OP, I bought in at .00088
OP can you become a tripfag?I'd legitimately subscribe to your posts if I could.This is just what I needed after my losses with BCrash yesterday

He's trying to pump the price higher.
There are some clumsy manipulators on ED.
So how do these kinda threads workDo a bunch of smart guys invest in something like HST at like .0003, get idiots like us to buy it until it peaks at .002, then dump everything and move on to the next coin?
there will be a pullback its just a matter of when.
when a coin is this bullish i don't try to time/trade the swings for fear of being left behind.
instead, i just buy the dip with fresh funds.
that's if i believe in the project and this coin is obviously going far.
So is it going to dip, or do I just buy the ATH again like a retard?
It already pulled back.
the coin is not even a day old.
dude i am kick myself not buying yesterday
nice to know pajeet
more like everyone ITT buys it on ED under .0015 and then wait for it to get listed on other exchanges and then we either take our 3x profits or hodl until Dec and see if it goes true moon mission
don't know how tripcode works here.
but could also do a small mailing list if there's interest.
im in
fak, I'm down for an ED discord or something.
everyone who has gotten in is early considering the scope of this coin, exchange listings coming up, news etc.
if you have legitimate criticism let's hear it.its peaked at 0015 and is still over 001. a pullback would be more like 0007 at which point i'd load up on more.your call anon.
depends how long you want to hold for.
29 mil circulating supply, with the proper exchanges and news this can pass 1-2 USD
idiots like usYou realize all of us buying are buying nearly at the same time?
Just because you're 1 day late to the party doesn't mean there wasn't a party to begin with
got in at 0.0012 with 3 eth, hopefully I'll profit a bit.Anyways thanks for the tip anon, seems promising
I did buy yesterday if that's any consolation.
4341071i'll make a private telgram between a few people.
looking specifically at hidden coins.
post your telegram usernames with (@username).
ITS DROPPING
hold for a bit, volume still hasn't even kicked up on this coin yet.
don't get shook by little movements back and forth, it's still early.
Yea this, it hasn‘t even begun.
I will wait til it hits more exchanges and then cash out on the initial pump
yo add me bb @pinkwojack
I will, don't worry.
Was a bit annoyed by BTC having mood swings and saw your thread so I took a risk.
How do i find hidden coins?
@Cryptolurker
@crypto611
I don't even have a telegram, lemme make one
@Fredryr
@frankwest42
@all_in_crypto
@cryptothedog
@man_on_moon
@blahblahblackshp
@ElBagnador
@hopefulshitcoin
You mind a lurker?
@zcrvw
@MoonShit
@shishkaboo
@Dino111if you don't mind me just watching since I'm relatively new
@epthewizard
ausfags unite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
also thanks again based anon
4341725lurkers welcome, everyone can contribute or not as they please.
i'll add everyone shortly.
@MoneyBelly
@hoha7 Would love to discuss these hidden gems.
I actually posted about HST a day before you and bought it at 0.00035 but obviously no one believed me then
4341334@sokunushinbutsu
Pls i just want to learn @Max0108
@Duitser
sorry had invites blocked, just enabled it if you sent out the invites.
thanks again
not yet waiting awhile to do the majority of them at once.
great, was worried that the app blocked it in case you already sent them out.
cheers
Not much movement in the past hour or two
Thank you so much.
Would love to learn from you, My telegram is@vicsound11
I still haven't received an invite.
Is something wrong with my settings?
@crypto611
@lurgee
@miltyyylooking forward to it.
Pls, thank you@Random
@Random
@crypto_goy, thanks for setting this up
@LikeIGiveAFck
@FolsomC
so will u guys trade it from ED when it moons or are you gonna put it in another exchange
IF it moonsthey are going to put it on binance
@thecajunfox