So I already lost $20,000 from hodling.If biz is really not retarded, what's the wisest decision at this point?
hodl more or just transfer to fiat / alts?
Im staying out fo this mess.
Going 50% into alts and 50% into fiat
The wisest decision would have been to move into BCH days ago.
How is that possible, when did you enter?
Did you go in on ATH again...
Why are you not in epy yet?
You want to stay poor?
You dont lose by holding btc, it will go up in the long run.But sure sell the bottom.
Should have bought into alts, there are many great projects out there with low prices, e.g.
WAVES, LINK, NEOBTC is an overblown shitcoin
this is much scarier than the other dip a couple months ago, I am still HODLing though, in my experience the first decision you make is always the right one
@7200.
When I heard that hard fork is cancelled I was confident it would shoot up to 8,000. now it's 6300. fuck.It's 20,000 I just lost an inch away from considering an hero
Should have bought BCH at $300 but it's not like it's too late for a x5
put at least half your corecuck stack into bch
I just shorted and plan to buy when it hits 5,000. maybe regain my losses4300971what's your biggest reason why BCH isn't an exit scam like everyone is saying.
Buy the rumor, sell the news faggots.
How emotionally attached are you with your shitcoin?
bch solves the transaction speed and fee issueit is mooning because segwit2x failedthe market is desperately looking for a faster and cheaper to use bitcoin and the bitcoin corecucks have been unable to deliver for 5 months now, people are getting sick of their shit
I bought in at 7200 too.
I only bought $1k but in terms of my wealth that's like 10% of my worth, so maybe more of an impact on me than you.At this point I think we hope for a big recovery.
It pretty much will happen.
The last crash felt like this, where I was thinking "I dont know if btc will ever recover.
Maybe it grew too fast and it's going to its "real" price, etc etc".Then again.
we are under attack and surrounded by shills who want to believe BCH will get them rich.
market cap?
If you were in Bitcoin since 2013 you'd have seen why it is the real bitcoin.I'm tired of explaining, just read the top posts, I know this is reddit but w/e:https://np.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/6rxw7k/informative_btc_vs_bch_articles/Also, from the bitcoin developer who inherited the project alongside Gavin Andresen:https://blog.plan99.net/the-resolution-of-the-bitcoin-experiment-dabb30201f7
At this point hodl, the shady transactions driving the value of BTC down are already getting out of the way.
the market is desperately looking for a faster and cheaper to use bitcoinBy putting hundreds of thousands of lossy transactions where fees are 100 times bigger than the transaction value?
This is a manipulation, a sort of a DDOS attack, nothing else.
Just sat through those bullshit forks all in NEO, and I will continue to do the same through this bctrash bullshit.
Not much lost, not much gained.
Once its news time ill be retiring
K is already big.
I'm not a whale, I included my life savings on BTC that's why it's such a huge mess right now.
I'm looking for an app that notifies me when btc prices hits a certain lvl like 5k.
You can set alarms with the coinbase app
Agreed, but it's not like "the flippening" is going to happen just like that.
If it happens, it will be a slow process.
And to think BCH will continue skyrocketing while BTC falls over and dies is delusional.
At this point the market is extremely manipulated by the big players.
The price has nothing to do with adoption of BCH yet.
I say this as a 2013 adopter and big blocker
Blockfolio is great for notifications on price, both iOS and Android supported.Also, I know it's too late for advice, but never invest more than you can afford to lose.
One should always have a backup plan in case something goes awry with cryptos.
I did the same but with ETH
when btc prices hits a certain lvl like 5kBuy high sell low ?
If you are not confident what to do, you can always purchase the amount of BCH so it equals your BTC value in portfolio.So, for example, you have 1 BTC and with it buy 0.88 BCH so you end up with 0.88 BTC as well.
So, whichever chain wins you will have the same amount of.
Good luck!
And as much as I dislike Core, there is always the chance that they get desperate enough to approve a blocksize increase.
At that point if you are 100%BCH it won't be a good day for you
??
5k is low, I still believe before 2018 it will rise above 8k.
I put 40% into ETH, it went up.Other 40% into BCH when it was around $830, cashed out at 1k and moved the rest into ETH aswell.Left 10% in BTC, split that over some alts and the rest I just put in ETH right now.At this rate we might really are going to hit 5.5 - 5k, at which point I'll transfer back slowly.
can you elaborate on this?
and why isn't anyone doing this
good luck with your commie coin
The only reason I went into ETH is because it seems the most stable of the big ones.
I should have went with Monero, but too late for that now.
I dunno if anyone else is doing this technique, but this way you are spreading your risk.We can't know if BCH will overthrow BTC (in my opinion not, because it is heavily manipulated atm), but if your BTC *will* lose its value due to BCH, you can invest so much into BCH so it mirrors your BTC portfolio.
That way, at worst, your small investment into BCH will be lost if BCH ever dumps, but that is a small price than losing your whole investment by just holding the one coin.That's my approach to the situation.
Volume is high, no doubt, but most of it comes from Korea.
Remember, it's not about profits, it's about saving your investment.
Good luck to everyone!
I thought you wanted to sell at 5k Why not just put a buy order then ?
im not in coinbase, and my wallet doesn't have buy orders.
need to manually do it.
tfw sold btc to buy up some cheap EBET and when the demo comes out it'll be an easy 5X with absurdly low market cap
https://discord.gg/Yezz8R all retards who ask stupid questions should just join this , its old biz community,no shilling,no pnd just disscusion and even tracking, no normies to.
D.Va pumping is korean's largest crytocurrency pumping community.This is telegram room.
Free of charge.
This is no ordinary pumping room.
This is a room of informing all members by signaling after securing highly classified informations.
t.me/DvaPump
Ah Ah Ah.
God I want a good pull back.
I bought from .08-.15 range, but not nearly as much as I want because I was already hoping for a tasty dip.
Feels bad man.
It's more than block size friend.
Segwit is also hostile to bitcoin.
btc WILL drop to around 5k cause of the high from 09.01.2017 after that you can expect pumping again, would recommend to put it into bch until that point
And the people buy at 5k then sell at 3k because "bitcoin is dead" only for bitcoin to bounce back to 7k.
So just hold.
Bitcoin went from 100 and drop to $5 then 1000 and drop to $200.
If you don't know how to read chart and trade, just hold otherwise you will continuously lose money by trying to time the market.Also honestly, there's way more potential on buying alts instead of bitcoin.
It would take 100 billion in order for bitcoin to get another 100%.
But alts, depending on which one, it takes way less money.
You can get like 5x 10x or 20x of your initial investment.
Bitcoin at best will do 2x at this rate for 2018
You lose none of your money if you don't trade it.
So I'd say hold for a few years would be a nice long term move, although short term would be go into bitcoin cash before it peaks and then crashes.
But everyone knows BTC is going to 10k... Just be patient
You really think ppl are still going to stay on when 2x has been called off?
The only thing thats keeping BTC alive is Blockstream.
Bitcoin Cash will become Bitcoin before EOY
Communism is the future.
I got in BTC at 5500.
I’m just going to hold.
I only invested $750, so I’m not breaking the bank here
Core strategy #1:Pretend like there really aren't enough "legitimate" transactions to cause ridiculous fees for fast confirmations for legitimate users.
Pretend individual anecdotes of people unable to send coins is an outlier or a result of the individual's incompetence in setting fees properly.
Place the blame solely on the work of malicious actors.
Do NOT give credence to the notion that Bticoin is incapable of handling present or future transaction volumes.
Pump and dumps.
Get signals here:https://discord.gg/nNxfQmP
Scared little bitch