Should I buy ARK or Chainlink if I want to see gains at the end of 2018?
ARK.
That was easy
Excuse me?
does your Ark shitcoin have any corporate interest at all?
Its already overpriced at its current marketcap.
Meanwhile LINK is getting praises from multibillion dollar IT companies (HCL Technologies, SWIFT, Gartner, Capgemini).
Confido is confirmed to use LINK and Request Network said its their current choice as an oracle.
Tell me, what corporations and projects have expressed any interest in this Ark shitcoin that has a marketcap several times larger than LINK?All this being only 1.5 months old.
Ark couldnt even compete with NEO and OMG in the alt bullrun season kek.
New coins normally are the ones that pump the hardest when its alt bullrun season.
Plus the oracle problem is more practical than the problem Ark is trying to solve.
this is considered attractive in america
Buy XMR you filthy casual
Nice pasta..
It's just an ERC20 token.
ARK is coding everything from scratch.
Link doesn't even come CLOSE to what Ark is trying to accomplish.
You'll see what I'm talking about a few years down the line.
Deluded linkie
 t. brainlet using ERC20 token fudWhy is being even an ERC20 token a bad thing?
You fags got rekt by OMG kek a whitepaper ERC20 token project.
ARK is coding everything from scratch.What are you even trying to say?
That the LINK team forked the github of some project?
The LINK team also did everything on their own.>Link doesn't even come CLOSE to what Ark is trying to accomplishYeah because its trying to accomplish something greater.
Smart contract tech can move forward without ARK but it cant without LINK.
Answer me, if you're tech and important why dont multibillion dollar IT companies care about Ark?
Why dont other projects express interest in using Ark?
Why dont other projects express interest in using Ark?They do, you retard.
The Ark Slack channel has hosted tons of AMAs for the teams of well-known coins.
Chainlink is safer, ark has potential for more gains
Were are the announcements of the teams using Ark?
Also why are you avoiding the question of corporations/multibillion dollar IT companies expressing interest in ARK's tech?>inb4 several multibillion dollar IT companies dont mean shitKek alright even just one will do.
ChainLink got praises from several after all.
But just one for ARK would be ok. Go on, name one.
LINK has far more potential rocket fuel.
>new exchanges aside from Binance>corporate partnership>almost every project requiring an oracle>lower current marketcapIts a complete no brainer.
I'm not avoiding it, I just don't want to waste time giving a retard an in-depth answer.
This isn't sports, dumbfuck.
You're not rooting for your "team" to win against the others.
This is investing.
You fucking retarded linkies make me want to sell my stack.
This guy gets it
Thanks for reminding me to filter your shitcoin from /biz/, linkies
4358245OP is asking which he should pick, LINK or ARK you dumbfucks.
Of course we have to compare the two.
You're just pissed because Arkies cant even defend themselves from being BTFO.Just look at all the ARK threads where Linkies say the same thing.
The deluded arktards cant even defend themselves and just say shit like>LINK already has too many threads
OP is asking whether he should buy LINK or ARK you dumbass.
Of course LINK will be discussed here.
Because Linkies not only have to shit up the board, they have to shit up threads unrelated to Chainlink too
Then tell us.
Which corporate entities are interested in Ark's revolutionary tech?
Like i said, several multibillion dollar IT companies have been praising LINK's technology.
Kek does Ark even have one corporation praising its tech?
You think a NEET like you knows more than these giants?
You linkies are like a metastatic cancer moving around the board and shitting it up with your pajeet-tier shilling.
Makes me feel ashamed for holding LINK.
As if you hold LINK, the thread is asking whether OP should buy LINK or ARK.
Of course there would be LINK shilling in here.
The Arkie cant even refute what i just said.
Sure, buy both LINK and ARK to minimize risk but its stupid to choose ARK over LINK.
I have 7018 LINK vs 233 ARK right now so I'm actually more invested in LINK, at least for the short term.
Then why are you saying its pajeet tier shilling when this thread's topic is LINK vs ARK?
The LINK double standard is amazing.
Complaining about LINK shilling when the thread is literally about LINK vs ARK shilling.
Very few arkies shill on the same level that most linkies do.
The actual intelligent discussions going on and the general comfiness in ARK threads were what initially made me invest.
You probably just got buzz worded into oblivion by those Arkies.
But there you go OP, even this faggot owns more LINK than ARK.
That should answer your question OP.
Lier spotted
OP asked for it and this is not pajeet-tier