Any other hidden moon missions?
mill cap>shilled by gavin woods and parity>working prototype released at ico close>building up for announcements post ico presale is in a few weeks
I am going deep on this one.
The flippage on this will be like ZRX and DNT
Been keeping my eyes on 3 projects, Bloom, Devery, and Omanilla.Already registered for OMA but thinking about taking plunge into the other two as well.
Are you me?Devery and Bloom are my two picks for December but I'm going 30 eth on Devery and 15 on Bloom.
I like Devery's smaller cap and bigger upside potential
ssssshhhhhhhit looks very promising
how to get in ico if in US?
I am infuriated that people cannot shut their fucking mouths.
This was a hidden gold mine and now the telegram has blown up.
I wanted to throw 100 eth into this thing and you fucks will limit me to 10 or something.
STOP SHILLING THIS AND WAIT UNTIL ICO CLOSE
Encrypgen just hit exchange, will capture lots of attention over the next weeks.
Go discover it, and you'll invest
This
Great potential.http://crypto-icos.com/2017/11/08/devery/
This or Wacoin?
Devery, Ignite, and JibrelI was considering Bloom but the hard cap is too high
Devery.
5% presale bonus with a minimum 20 eth contribution.
It's a no brainer
>shilled by gavin woods and parityOh, these guys who failed with the same multisig smart contract twice?
Definitely going all-in!
gavin woods>the person who wrote the lannguage that every smart contract is written inall in indeed friend
implying that Solidity isn't a piece of crap that everybody is forced to use because of the ICO-boom
I had so many hopes that Tezos would entirely change the game, but jews ruined everything
xrb, take a look.
also, rest of the tokens are burnt but cmc isn't up 2 date
Parityno thanks
Gavin Wood has no credibility anymore.
Don't believe the hype
4490629this delete thread please op
I get the parity comments but too many emotional investors on biz or intentional fudding to scare noobs off.
If you can't see the easy flip on this thing then i will see you back here when you fomo in 5x at market.
Can you delete this thrread OP?
Do you realize by posting this you just limit how much you'll be able to contribute?
Why shoot yourself in the foot?
Delete this.
After whitelist is closed, shill it all you want.
But delete now.
Thanks!
too many emotional investors on biz or intentional fudding to scare noobs off.we fud because 9/10 times these shitcoins are worthless and you're better off holding bitcoin.
You're not maximizing your btc hold with these coins?
You're missing out on easy money.
Look at the token terms of this one and if shit like GVT and Quantstamp can moon this will moon 5x them.
Flipping these have grown my measly 20 btc from last december into 10x that.
Ok, larpey mclarperson
anyone making money is larpingthe state of /biz/...
gavin woods and parityDropped
STUTTERING
Confido has a market cap of merely $110k.
Seeing how it may replace bitcoin which has a market cap of $135b there's potential for 10000000x gains.
Here at pajeet industries we call this an asymmetrical trading opportunity.
It'd be insane not to put at least some money in this project.
gav wood is a fucking moron