Tl;dr what books can you recommend someone who knows 0 about investing?
If i make it i swear i ll come here daily to post pics of the models i m banging :)
>buy high sell low>post pink wojaks when you are down 5% so we know when to buy>post smug pepes and green wojaks when you are up 5% and tell everyone your coin is mooning so we know when to dumpthat's about it sport
hey man i was the same last week and i lost half my investment and the last few days managed to get back into the green.
best tip I can give it only start with $50 or something and try to flip small amounts and it'll start to make sense.
when a coin starts going green and skyrocketing it would be a good time to sell unless there's some big official news on its way.
if the news is legit hodl and if the hype is more valuable than the possible news then sell.
then rebuy after everyone dumps some of their coins because they dropped in value, wait for it to go back up and everyone starts to rebuy in the green and then you sell again.
that's about it.
do the opposite of what's in the pic.
in this case you would have bought at "watch here" because it's gradually rising but not in a dangerous way, then you would rebuy some more at "fomo starts here", then you'd sell some at "almost buy here" then sell more at "fomo in overdrive" then rebuy AFTER "sell here sell here" once it starts to flatline and stabilize.
Intelligent Investor - Benjamin GrahamProbably the most effective investing book in existence.
Appreciated sempai
Also how do you invest?
Like what apps or programs do you use?
4511605Np but I'm new too so don't take it as gospel but it will do better for you than the rest of advice posted in this place.
Key is no not fomo and keep your hands strong.
I use binance, bittrex and coinspot with different emails and passwords so I don't have everything in one exchange.
Do the same with the coins you invest in so that if one tanks completely you don't need to hang yourself lol.
Also you're too late to jump into the POWR moon mission unfortunately esp with low capital.
Don't fall into the fomo trap with it.
Wait for news on their twitter or Telegram before buying into it at this point because it may not be worth any more than $1 for a while.