Red flags for girls having to due with money.>she financed, or leased her car.>finances anything.>she has studebt debt from an art/English degree or any other joke degree.>uses a credit card.>buys new clothing every month.>buys a new phone every year.>likes "traveling" and spends all her savings on it.>complains she can't save money becuase she's not paid high enough.
i never use my credit card but im told its good to use to build credit score
jeez man thats most if not all girlsthere is never anything great when it comes to women and money, just degrees of bad.
just find the bird with the least red flags and stick with that
needing a credit score.Poorfag detected.
I've never had a credit score in my life.
probably because you dont live in the land of the good goys
letting the girl handle financial decisionsYour first mistake.
She just wants an allowance that keeps getting bigger; you'll only find suffering if you let her do or even see the bookkeeping.
financing things frees up cash for investingwhy would you tie up capital that you could trade with
I live in the U.S
Why are woman retarded when it comes to ressource management and money?>sister earns like $2500 a month>has less than 100 at the end of the monthI don‘t get it.
They are easily influenced by ads and women are huge consumers.
She most likely goes out to eat every single week, goes shopping every week, leases or finances a car she can't afford.
Women should never be allowed to be in charge of finances.
financing a vehicle>using a credit card>travelingNothing is wrong with any of these things, Is this a poorfag cope thread?
kinda related but have you guys ever heard of someone taking out a "personal loan" to go travelling?
i always see the banks advertise it but never hear of anyone doing it
ITT neckbeared cuckbois who are salty about women more successful than them
Financing a vehicle is a total red flag.
That's poor people shit.
You don't have enough money for your car so now you're paying interest on one?>uses a credit card.>TravelAgreed, these are normal things.
Pretty much everyone with good financial management uses a credit card, pays it off, then reaps the free rewards.
Debit cards are for poorfags who would probably also chain their refrigerator closed because they couldn't control themselves not to eat everything.
Travel is fine if you have the money.
I'm talking about girls that take out loans or blow all the money they have on traveling.
Credit cards are fine if you always pay on time but most roasties don't do that.
Dude.
Would you rather have 100k free to earn interest and dividends?
Or a paid off car?
Because there is a real cost associated with leverage.
Even when getting a spread on an investment, it does not mean you made a risk adjusted return when added a cost of funds margin to your original cost of leverage.
she's a girl and not a cute girl (male)
Why the fuck would you blow $100k on a car you can't really afford?
That's nigger rapper shit.
Just stop you're embarrassing.
Any adult with money knows that the money gained from putting your money in investments while financing something is far more than the money saved by buying something expensive out right.
>ITT NEET poorfag larpers who get all their finance info from this board
Lol why would you finance a 100k car?You should pay cash for a 10 year old, solid uses car on Craigslist for 4000-6000 and pay in cash.
Try to get 4-6 years out of it and do it again.
Liability only on the insurance.
That works out to about 100 a month with insurance if you amortize the cost.
You're not going to get anywhere near that financing.
It doesn't matter idiot.
The point is someone skilled enough could easily earn more interest than the interest on the car.
I made full settlement of my car financing this year using gainz in ethereum.
How smart am i?
You don't buy clothing every month?
Fucking NEETs are disgusting, I swear.
im guessing the point OP is trying to make is that most people who finance shit dont put spare money into other investments and would rather spend it on useless shitfrom the standpoint of a bizraeli it sounds like a great idea but these are normies we are talking about
Admittedly, buying a new car with financing loans can be tough.
I regret doing it and wouldn't recommend others to and also my future kids.
Earning a positive margin does not mean you're earning a positive risk adjusted return.
The best car rates are 3%.
(For a new fucking car that you over paid for so you're an idiot anyway but let's assume this) You could put it into a safe equity for a dividend and capital gains.
I choose AT&T for safety.
Uh-oh, how do I choose a discount rate?
What should my required rate of return be?
What is the risk free rate?!
I look at peers, RoE metrics, risk free rate and find my required rate of return should be 10%.
So now in a real risk adjusted sense, I have to earn 3% + 10% in order to cover my risk and cost.
Oh fuck, AT&T hasn't done that in 10 years.
I guess I fucked up and should have paid the car in cash and then dollar cost average a S&P 500 index fund instead of paying for a stupid fucking car.
You idiots are clueless about real finance.
I don't understand where you kids come up with this shit.
It's like you read a google article or investopedia blog and now think you're smart with money with absolutely no formal financial education.
Then you have the audacity to come on here and act like an expert.
Delusional.
Because I'm a day trader who can do much much more than 3% in a DAY, hell in a few hours, so I don't care.I'll out do the interest rate on a car any day.
>New smartphone every year>Financial "plan" relies on the "big hit" (lottery, marry rich, etc.
)Biggest ones I thinkAnd some others:>Credit card debt>Not understanding the effects of interest>Does not track spending>Thinks education fixes everything>Blames problems on others
New smartphone every yearill never understand this one.
some of my friends go through multiple smartphones in one year.
last one i had lasted me 4.5 years, and had no desire to upgrade at any point
>uses a credit card.>buys new clothing every month.>buys a new phone every year.>likes "traveling" and spends all her savings on it.this is fairly common
actually i bought 2 last year but only because i was dumb enough to take off the shield and it crackedi have redmi note 4 and i plan on using it as long as it runs, the battery is good too
4388869I have had the same iphone 5 since 2012 and it is in perfect conditionIt amazes me to see normies with cracked screens on this year's devices.Keeps the economy rolling I guess.
While 100k for a daily driver is absurd I'm pretty sure few would be crazy about an asthmatic 4-6k Craigslist find.
Might save you money, but at some point you have to live a little.
I'm not stacking cabbage solely for my shitbird kids to take or asshole spouse to take