Btc fags will throw themselves a party when btc "moons" from 7700 to 10k.
Lots of threads here with their stupid crown, the king, blah blah blah.
30% gains, Big fucken deal, this is crypto.
We want high upside.
>Ark will 30x from here>req will 100x>link will 100x>omg will 50xMany more moon missions ahead, if you're smart.
Even if you totally whiff on 15 coins, if #16 moons 100x, you're well ahead of btc fags.
And most likely your coins will moon together as normies buy in and see a high btc price and go elsewhere.The clock is ticking.
Fuck btc, keep stacking cheap alts.
Buy LOW for once and wait to sell HIGH in a year or two after you 50x
>link
Everyone stop being such a fucking pussy.
Btc dropped from $30 to like $3.
Shit happens.
Best bet is pick solid teams and projects or ones with high upside (lots of potential use cases) and keep buying and holding
The longer REQ gets suppressed, the harder it'll explode upwards, I've got pre-cum flowing out my tip thinking about it
i realized my portfolio is /biz/ portfolio, im literally holding only the 4 tokens mentioned by op
Either you so this if you hold,Or, you just have no pity, whatever the coin and trade like a crazy.I mean, I hold some LTC, but with the trading account, if I have an opportunity to make margin by buying and selling LTC, I will do.Don't do hold or trade, do hold and trade, but with separate accounts / address.Hold BTC LTC ETH Monero, and trade everything, including btc, ltc, eth and monero.
You'll make itMaybe add some 0x, ripio, neo/gas and rlc
Yeah it's such an easy decision.
Btc at the ath when it almost went into a death spiral a week ago, or req at below ico and Presale prices, before all the news and products start rolling out.
Hmm
these niggars dont undertand.
go and look any top 15 coin, their initial months price was way low .
some times months together low price, when fomo starts things will change in few days.
so link and req has its own day.
let niggars cry
the sooner people realize how overvalued and artificially inflated the bitcoin price is the sooner we have our moons.
Let's be honest here.
Bitcoin sucks and Bitfinex is the reason it rises with the tether and the wash trading.
Meanwhile normies scream : BTC TO 10K BEFORE CHRISTMASI don't understand who buys this when it's actually fucking shit
Yeah they're retarded all they can say is >muh digital goldSo what?
The gains aren't even that big anymore in btcAt most they will be thrilled with 30% by new years.
Oh boy.
We had that in alts in 2 days last week.
Just wait til actual news and products roll out, partnerships are announced etc.
all the weak hands being shook out on REQ and LINK at the moment - so obvious that the price is being manipulated to stay down.REQ has looked like this all week.
To be fair, we thought the gains werent worth it a few months ago when it was 3.5, turned out we were wrong.
Might be the same nowI still wont hold any BtC though, alts for life
I hope so!
I really wonder if the day'll come that 4chan is going to be awfully rich.
I have 0x since ICO, but not too much.
I can't add anything else, I don't have more money - invested 10k in July, managed to do x6 with that and now I'm holding 10k usd worth of each of above coins and just chillin.
Our day of REQening will come soon
kekget rekt, dude
4409791Stay mad niggers.
Btc is still going to go 10k by Christmas and acting like a pretentious fag would stop that :^)Soo, pajeets
I'm a pleb coinbaser and want to get into alts.
What are you guys using to buy/sell?
If OMG will launch and put OMISE transactions through it, it's x100.If Swift will simply confirm partnership, it's 100x.If REQ will get to 1-2% of paypal's mcap, it's 100x.I'm comfy.
So many young and beautiful altcoins...We are truly in a wonderful age, my friends.
I don't know about you, because I'm not really into lambos, but my retirement account is going to be FAT.
I'm so excited alot of my bags have only been around for less than 3 months.
And really, that's all we needed, wasn't it?Even if you weren't here in the big BTC pump, we all still have hope with all these spectacular altcoins coming out.
It's like a guaranteed moon mission every month!Good luck to you and your bags.
May they 100x well.
What the fuck did he mean by this??
This is an English-speaking board, thank you.