good to buy during chink mania?
Great potential - i own some :)
its been moving sideways for the most part other then a couple pumps to .0022.
I'm afraid 15xers are going to get impatient and dump their remains.
or am i missing something?the low circulating supply and marketcap scream to me moon mission.
but its already up 15x.
Price is scarily stable.
Chainlink maniaM MCAP coin that nobody outside of 4Chan and the banking industry have heard of
This scares me as well.
I sold half my ICO profits to lower my risk.
But honestly the community don't seem to want to sell, otherwise the dip back to 0.0016 eth would have gone a lot further
but its already up 15x.Irrelevant.
Gamblers fallacy
Dump now for short term gains, long term for platform release.
Chink mania.
Not Chainlink.You know the new muh flippening
It's been stable since the second day of trading.
Any orders around .0015 are scooped up immediately.That should tell you that there are some juicy things coming.
Gamblers fallacyWhat's that?
something that doesnt apply this isnt internet poker.
people made 15x and it's very likely they will dump.
that said crypto is volatile as shit especially right now so who knows what can happen
but it does apply.
Yes it has already x15ed, but it still only has a $5'000'000 market cap.
x15 is nuffin
A guy who doesn't know what he's talking about.
"Gambler's fallacy" does not apply to investments of any kind ever because all the past performance are not random dicerolls but records of actual fucking trades that define the state of the market now.
"Gambler's fallacy" does not apply to investments of any kind ever>B-But past performance doesn't guarantee future returns!
Yes, and?
OP post is not about chainlink but you post about it anywaysRENTFREE
So it does apply
I'm holding until the beginning of February - waiting for binance listing, alpha and beta releaset.
2nd stage fag
No, it doesn't.
Do you even know what the gambler's fallacy is?
What makes you think future results not being guaranteed has anything to do with it whatsoever?The fact that a significant number of Confido's holders have 7-14k tokens that have gone up 15x means you have a lot of people that are far more likely to consider selling than buying.
Nothing is guaranteed ever, but it's not fucking random.
People got this coin for cheap and if it moves sideways for too long they'll increasingly consider taking profits.
The smart ones will also take partial profits whenever the coin enters an uptrend.
It doesn't mean you can 100% predict whether the coin will go up or down, but if you were to ignore it when considering whether to buy, sell, or hold then you would be putting yourself at a disadvantage.
implying crypto investors aren't gamblers
Are people really going to want to buy things online with crypto?
>buying some ico garbage which 10xedNice pumpThe dump is inevitable