Is this fucker actually a flat earther or are people meming when they say that?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Buttcoin/comments/4936kw/lukejr_is_a_seriously_a_super_crazy_person_quotes/
He's so autistic that he doesn't probably even understand that he's working for Blockstream.
All that matters is that his code is elegant and written in Emacs
 earth is flatHe's not wrong.
He's a True Christian believer it seems.
I respect him even more after this.
Just bought more bitcoin.
Earth is flat and Clinton is a reptilian.
Trump is the Christ reincarnated.
You are not real we are all in the matrix created by the jews.
And also the earth is empty, people live in it.
There are entry point in Tibet ask Dalai Lama about this he know everything because he is from hyperborrean culture himself.
This guy is probably one of the most insane people on the planet, and people just look the other way because he's a talented coder
Clinton killed the linkin park guy too
Reddit hates him because he's Christian.
So?
He is not hated for being a christian.
He thinks earth is flat.
Need any more arguments ?
rofl he is a good coder and so what ?
bitcoin need somebody with a vision not only technical ability.
We are one step off to achieve the crypto anarchy dream and generalize blockchains for everything.
We dont need this kind of moron
he's def not a flat earther if he said that he was trolling.
sun revolves around earth is trivially true but redditors are too low IQ to understand.
anyway just look at the guy he's obv a super standard autist sjw redditcuck
Dude's a larper but he's been more important to crypto than all you other larpers here combined
Someone needs to make a Bitcoin ChristChad vs Ethereum PedoVirgin meme
I read this as fiat earther.Can we start that meme?
i refuse to believe that there are people out there in 2017 who believe earth is flat
I respect forming beliefs on bad evidence and being confident about it
Just memes, but he is a Catholic that says the current pope is a fake pope or something
4519788This.
Hills...It's not even level
He's not flat earther, but he believes Sun orbits stationary earth (geocentrism).