okay boys.. from what i know...btc is $5-10 for tx fees / has over 60k unconfirmed transactions / is super slow, takes 30 - 1 hr to transfer.
segwit barely made it faster.
bch has 8mb blocksize but no segwit and they are announcing a hardfork on nov 13th that will make processing faster than before.miners will mine the coins that earn them the most money.
bch difficulty is fluctate randomly to the point where 1 chain will be more profitable to mine than the other.the only thing thats stopping bch is trading pairs for alt coins.
if theres a market for that, its going to take over ethereum in market cap for sure and will be a huge threat to btc.but why do we need btc or bch if ethereum can do everything btc / bch can?
ETH tx time takes 30secs to 2 mins.sooner or later, btc has to changed dramatically and apparently, we don't have a solution for it to make fees / processing time smaller.
because btc cannot survive with this horrible scaling.tldr: how can we fix btc??
As long as (((Blockstream))) is in charge of it, it's doomed.
Move on, there's other things to take advantage of in this chaos.
altcoins are looking better and better each day.
bitcoin cash will flip with bitcoin corecuck, and based on name recognition alone, bitcoin (formerly known as bitcoin cash) will be the #1 cryptothanks to low transaction fees and times it is viable for commerce, even though its not quite as optimal as some alt-coins it does not matter that much
ETH had a hardfork to roll back transactions, the chain is tainted.
Also you need to understand that Bitcoin Cash preserves the first mover advantage bitcoin had and can still be seen as the original chain.
monetary policy is and important factor, otherwise BTC would have been overtaken by LTC years ago.
hes playing diplomacywhen bitcoin corecuck drops down to 5 dollars a piece there is no reason to not call bitcoin cash bitcoin
4296638this, normies won't lose confidence in it if "bitcoin" is still the king
will they though?
there will be plenty of normies that "just hedl" and will wake up to see their investments disappear.there will be lost confidence if they have to switch to a new bitcoin.
Two words: Fuck em
if they were here in august they got their free complementary bitcoin cash
It's actually 104k+ now and a block just got completed.BTC is true garbage.
Both BTC and BCH are centralized oligarchies but at least BCH is a useful coin to some extent.We don't fix BTC.
It needs to die.
Proof of stake ethereum will be far superior to any proof of work coin both in resilience against anti-network actors and in on-chain transaction throughput.What I hope happens: BCH flips BTC.
Crypto community needs this lesson.
BTC's decay and complacency with being as garbage as it was for so long due to seeing itself as too big to fail and simply trying to rebrand itself as "just think of it as digital gold until we get side-chains bro" is deserving of a swift kick in the head.I also want normies and the crypto community to observe what kind of political manouvering proof of work, and especially asic friendly proof of work, causes.
For crypto to mature, it is better to shed proof of work sooner rather than later when it's integrated into more actually useful and financially critical thing.
This is an ideal time for crypto to shed the cancer that is POW and the miner politics that come with it because crypto will explode into usefulness in real life over the course of 2018 on the back of the ethereum network, and BTC cannot be allowed to be the de facto intercrypto trading currency in its current state when what we're dealing with is no longer digital monopoly money.
Adding, because it wasn't clear: ETH should flip BCH some time after BCH flips with BTC.