Easiest 15% I'll ever make in my lifeDo you hate free money Anon?Take it or leave it.Lisk
>head and shoulders
>Buying lisk over ark.Might aswell keep using altavista too anon
The left shoulder can't be higher than the head retard.
what about that shampoo?
i personally think selsun blue is probably better.
kek
Did you buy on the support like a good goy or will you fomo once we break resistance in 30 minutes ?
Why is it mooning so hard?
>applying meme lines to a 5 minute chartlmao
It fits perfectly even to the 15 minute chart.I had profits memelining like this BCC during the last few days.
Day trading broGo hodl your link you bought at 10k sats
alright I'm in big, I need some good news this weekend after getting so JUSTd by the btc drama
Good choice Anon We just broke resistance so don't be all panicky if we drop down to support and try for round 2.
Let the whales and fomo fags pump us to 115k
Not sure if ready to take of or retracing a little bit.
what target and how long till you expect to get there?
tried to sell at 106 and order didn't go through : (
held loads of lisk back when it was below $2>sold them 2 months ago to help fund trip overseasJUST
My stop loss is 98,000 sats.
My target is 112-117We broke bottom trendline but still have not gone below the previous support
i day trade too but i dont need to use anything other than 1h candles and rsi
Hope it was a weak hands shake off.
Still 3 more support levels.
What price you buy in?
>pinkwojack.jpg
After all this a game of patience.
We got a 1.5 BTC buy at order at 100,850 and a 1.5 BTC at 100,950 It's not moving until one of those is dealt with
Here we go maybe

%kys
>follows OPs meme lines until doing the total complete opposite Shit this is pathetic
Well brother, out off all the pajeets and scams on this board I really was trying to make us money.
Please kindly accept my apology.
I'm still gonna hold but I'm going to bed.
Best of luck brother
I know, I know, I gambled because there was actually a study behind it, it wasn't the usual "it's mooning jump in" thread.No problem, most of the time it works, also don't greedy ride the waves, don't count exclusively on the break out.
Good luck bro.
and this is why you dont memeline 5 minute charts, because you will get faked out a million times and bullflags mean NOTHING4 hour charts or just go home