Whats up faggots?Whale here.Thanks for selling those heavy bags.I've moved from top 300 LINK wallet to top 160 LINK wallet in the past 3 weeks.
See you boys on the moon.Oh wait, nevermind.
I'll send a postcard though, don't worry.
too easy
nice try confido.
I'm sitting on a comfy 5kNot really worried if i lose it desu
It's pretty crazy that people are selling LINK right now.
All of the top wallets have been holding since the beginning.
They also have top level advisors.
Too bad Sergay doesn't post pictures in front of company logos like the OmiseGO team.
Hyping up your coin is bad yes.Ignoring your investors after weeks and weeks of complains is arguably just as bad.
So you got like 50k usd worth of link?
Not a whale dude.All of the top wallets have been holding since the beginningMaybe because 65% of the tokens arent in circulation?
Lmao.
Are you retarded?
Of course that doesnt include the uncirculated LINKs.
LMFAO
who said I'm all in on LINK?If I was, I would be closer to top 50 wallet.
Why are sergey's tits so big?
Why does /biz/ have so much faith in this soy boy?You need to be high test to succeed in business, sergey's oestrogen levels are off the charts.
To the extent he has grown woman's breasts.
damn Sergey is a fag.
tell him to give a less foggy update.
that is one of the most faggy updates in crypto history
Wow so you have 12k link stay poor fag
/biz/ is the investor Sergey should worry aboutWhat did he mean by this?
there will plenty of opportunities to buy this shitshow.
just wait for some market structure to form
Where is the list of LINK wallets?
id like to see this 20k linkie here
You need to be high test to succeed in business,vitalik.jpg
Kek i seen whales loose hundreds of thousands on link
Vitalik is starving to death, he could be jacked if he ups his macros from a couple of pringles a day, who knows?
Well im not whale but i did tripled my LINK since ico whit no new money investing closing to 200k now.To fucking easy.Se ya on moon, or not you gambling 0 patience retards.