"Bitspark has started Project Zephyr by beginning the switch to Bitshare’s Blockchain and partnering with the United Nations Development Program.
The partnership will add Tajikistan as the first pilot country and work on eliminating the need for banks for individuals and money transfer operators.
By liquidating MTO Bitspark balances from buyers of sellers of Bitspark’s fiat pegged cryptocurrencies, participants no longer will have to rely on having bank accounts and limited access to fiat."
How about you go back to the loo pajeet
Do you not realise the potential here?
This is an external market, a Bitshares asset that is growing naturally at attractive rate.
If you read about their token infrastructure , a % of every trade\tx is used to inflate the price to provide exponential growth.Pegged cryptocurrencies.
Some supporter's of the project are Goldman Sachs , KPMG , CTI , accenture & the UN.
This interest's the Chinese, as Bitspark is a big crypto name over yonder also.
PBC said to buy Bit-Shares up to $0.4 also, by investing in ZEPH you increase your BTS stack in a fundamental sense.
Wow anon this really is a gem, it's hitting Binance soon also I heard!
Yup hence why BTS was added to a finance afew days ago.
What am I doing wrong when I transfer BTC to open.btc and go to the open.btc/zeph pair?
I only got 2200 zeph out of 236.00 in BTC.. at the price of .0000012 price I should have 10k or so right?
Halp pls.
I seriously don't get how BTS doesn't get more attention on here.
Even ignoring its features and working product+potential, the fact it's gone 2x in the last few weeks and mooned when added to Binance has been almost totally overlooked on /biz/ while the usual circle jerk over garbage like COSS, REQ etc continues unabated.
It's far and away the biggest part of my portfolio and easily the comfiest longterm hold.
How do I transfer anything out of the bitshares exchange?
So for I can only transfer btc out.
I tried to transfer BTS but can't figure out how.
Thanks if anyone has figured this out.
bts/zeph bro not BTC.BTC - BTSThen top right find market select BTS, then search for ZEPH.
So I transfer BTC in then convert to BTS?
Cool, I gave away like 240.00 fuck crypto.
Im going to make an exchange where if some dumbass like me is making a mistake it would say "hey dumbass, you are about to buy this asset at 10x current going price, is this on purpose dumbass"?
Can you transfer your BTS from open ledger?
I wanted to transfer some to Binance.
Am I doing something wrong?
ZEPH , BTS or BTC?
Yes you need BTS to buy ZEPH or you can with fiat too.Yes i am sure you can let me see.
Hmm i don't see a BTS option.
Yo dude it's a decentralised exchange so it's basically a web wallet, in order to send BTS or ZEPH token you need to go to my account.
Right of currency you own can transfer to another BTS address, with the transfer button.
.00 in BTC.
I transferred .029 BTC into the open.BTC wallet.
Went to Find Markets and under the open.BTC tab, I searched ZEPH.
It came up and was able to buy ZEPH with my BTC at .0000012.
But after it was completed , I only received 2665.79 ZEPH, equivalent to 425 BTS.
Guess I'm missing something
Look's like they just added a BTC pair, unfortunately you got rekt anon sorry.
Buy only through BTS for the moment, that BTC is brand new.
Volume is at 0.156 BTC ..
IF ANYONE WANT"S TO BUY DO IT WITH BTS --> https://openledger.io/market/ZEPH_BTS
Thanks, I did see that but it says "Account name" not address.
I thought that was to transfer from one of my accounts to another on the same exchange.I am sorry to be stupid about this, but when I transferred out BTC it was at the deposit/withdrawal page.
OK, I did find the account name and memo on Binance.
I will try a small transfer.
Thanks for your help!
I just want to be ready to transfer ZEPH.
Let me now how it goes, as i want to transfer ZEPH to when it enlists.
Withdrawing is for OPEN markets like BTC , ETH , then transferring is to send BTS and other tokens through your private key (which you got when you signed up).
Your account is a private wallet.
Thanks for the information.
WOW!
it literally took less than FIVE minutes to transfer.
Super easy.
Just be sure to enter both the account name from Binance and the memo number.
Binance makes this VERY clear.
RED font warning that you need both.
Sweet bro we gonna make some sick gains on ZEPH, much you hodling?
40k ere
About the same.
I started buying when this was first posted...was it only yesterday?
What do you honestly think this will go to when it hits binance?
I know it is just a guess but you have been studying the project and I have only skimmed information.
Where's the proofs of this UN partnership?
Buy the way...quads for you!
Not only that but 1111.
I see 11:11 and 1111 all of the time.
It must be a sign.
Go ZEPH!
bitspark chose platform wiselycvcoin did too
At first it was confusing but I am loving it more and more.
I would like to see more volume but other than that it is incredible.
I with they would do some marketing.
Even social media...anything.
What are these one's you speak of?
Well it's on the website and mentioned in their whitepaper, if you want i'll follow up with an article in a bit once i find it.
Yes more volume would be amazing, i'm thinking some arbitrage will be possible from DEX to Binance once ZEPH enlists.
1.
Is this an ERC token?
Bitshares is confusing and I don't want to use it.2.
The website looks like complete shit.
Will there be a re-brand or is the founder totally incompetent?3.
What proof do you have that it will go on binance, and not languish in DEX eternity forever because the incompetent team is too apathetic to get it promptly listed on a real exchange?
.
No it's a Bitshares Token, it's not deposit BTC on openledger.io after making a account.
Make a username and you'll be given a password which is your private key.
Then using your BTC , buy your BTS.Then click the top left 'Find Markets' tab and select BTS as the base pair.
Search for ZEPH, then buy.
2.
I suspect is will, they just recently had their token sale.
I shall enquire on the telegram about this.3.
Look at YOWYO on Binance which is Bitshares token too...
just because one bitshares token is on binance doesn't mean this one will be.
if you don't have any evidence from the team, then you're just gambling.
this could stay in purgatory for a long long time.
It's nearly doubled in a week or so.
on shit volume.
means nothing.
..
this is such an ambitious grandiose project.
They are trying to eliminate the banking/fiat system and do everything in cryptocurrency.
I doubt this will be successful
4512232http://www.eurasia.undp.org/content/rbec/en/home/blog/2017/7/25/-From-Russia-to-Tajikistan-changing-the-way-money-moves.htmlREAD IT AND WEAP.
Seriously , this is sitting at 2c.
Be realistic and think about it, it's going to 20c end of.
Is there any wallets this one is compatible with?
I'm not sure if I want to be leaving too much in
https://bitshares.org/download/ I'd say this support's it.
Do a test transactions first to be certain, i know you send ZEPH to a BTS address nonetheless.
Can I transfer BTS from Binance to BTS wallet on OpenLedger?
I can't find the deposit button...
KYS
There isn't a deposit BTS option ...
There isn't a deposit BTS option ...Nevermind..
I use my wallet name I think.
Shit I'm terrible at this, I need to go back to pwining people in the little bird on BF4, only thing I'm good at
I noticed that too.
Looks like you can log in to bitshares client using the exact same account as openledger.
Dunno if this is considered safe though.
Better to make a whole new one perhaps