HOLY KEK I CANNOT BREATHE
HE ABOUT TO GET CRYPTOED
good buys, pretty smart for a "noob" from a shit website
I feel sorry for him.
I broke about even with my .25 BTC got out of that shit and just bought litecoin.
Kek, can't wait for these retarded normies to get rekt.
Crypto will be regulated because of people like him.
Imagine thousands of norms out there like him holding heavy worthless BTC bags when it crashes.
They're all going to be screaming for govt bailout.
actually smarter than average biz retard....buying high and then panic selling low and going down a spiral.
We know ibtc is going to go over 10k soon.
all you have to do is hold and not be a little bitch.
WILD WILD WEST NIGGA

> Be fearful when others are greedy> Be greedy when others are fearfulPerson in OP's picture is smarter than most of /biz/.
Remember how we always tell you to buy low sell high?
This is it right here ,but you fags don’t listen until it’s too late
This is the sad thing.
Really they ought to be suing the evil companies like Bitstream who promised a secure 'Store of Value' of of their slow Ponzicoin.I doubt any effective regulation will manage to come out, except in retarded places like Europe.
you fags won't listen until you have 80% profit
holy shit
We know ibtc is going to go over 10k soon.Making a wild guess that turns out right doesn't mean you're smart.
LOST 5 BTCHe's lucky he didn't lose any BCH.
LARP LARP LARP LARP
lmao reddit normies and corecucks are hliarious
We know ibtc is going to go over 10k soon.
top kek
Just curious.
How will the current affairs affect those oldfags that still happen to hold the very old BTC from like 2013 or so?
Do they kind of own the both chains?
It's called "trend following", you dope.
Yep, anything you owned before Aug 1 2017 is in both blockchains, unless you were a dumbass and sold your 'joke BCH' or lost it, or your exchange stole it from you.
That sounds great.
So now I'll just watch, just like all the way until now.
Want to see threads get slid?
Mention the fact that Craig Wright is Satoshi.
craig wrightis he?
why do most alt coins also crash when buttcoin surges down?
wouldn't it make sense that shitcoins gain value if buttcoin drops back down to 4k?
Nothing is happening, BCH flippening failed.
bTC is mooning back to 6K.
Anything else is guessing work.
If he's Satoshi, why not just confirm with his PGP key?
Be as easy as that, but he won't so he's a faggot.
Maybe some people are trying to buy bch.Or getting spooked by the crypto market in general.
There 2 types of people, the people that panic sell because BTC cause it's going down, and the people that sell alts to buy more BTC on the dip.
People liquidate altcoins in order to shift their money into Fiat/Teather so they can buy BTC on the dip.The relationship between BTC and Altcoins is as follows:> BTC value stable: Altcoins go up> BTC value changes: Altcoins go down
idJEW
wickey wild wild
so buy high sell low?
HELP ME I .LOST EVERYTHING I LOST MY 5 BTC
No I legit did that.