Why should i buy your bags?
These retards have a 2 man team when projects with half the marketcap have 20+ and update twitter/reddit/bitcointalk daily.
Admit it you bought a pump and dump and got fucked for your money.
okay.
i admit.
Dont buy it
Pretty sure Sergey counts as two developers nowadays on account of all the cheeseburgers he's been eating
Link is yet to pumpFoh gaybo
4473849#4CHNalldau
please just pump this a little so i can get my money back please please please
one drops of news and this thing will fuckin explode.
will it catch on long term?
who knows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhY
Admit it you delusional faggots you lost your money to a smart pump and dump group.
but I haven't lost money :/
Just watch the first 2 minutes of  understand what he's actually saying, then think how important this is for crypto and how lucrative it would be if they pull this offIf you're not convinced then don't buy
greedy retards think if they have less people on project they will make more when link moons too bad it never will because crypto will be dead by the time they get anything done.
It took my 5 seconds to realize link was junk.
How can you be so stupid to fall for these stupid shill threads???
when projects with half the marketcap have 20+ and update twitter/reddit/bitcointalk dailyExactly
He's always counted as two>Sergey>rory
I have 30K in Link.
It's 92% of my stack.I'm going to trade the other 8 percent.
People say I'm losing money holding Link but it's not like I'm catching every pump and I'm down 14% on my trading stack.
This rocket isn't going to the moon without me or to hell without me.
There isn't even a bitcoin talk ANN thread Let that sink in for a moment
Fuck off retard, you failed to mention the ACTUAL PARTNERSHIPS of ChainLink.
For example LINK and Confido are confirmed partners, here's what the latter had to say about LINK:>We recently made the switch from Oraclize to Chainlink because of the decentralised aspect of Chainlink.
The way we use Chainlink is pretty simple; our smart contracts track packages by using multi-carrier shipping API’s like Easypost and Postmen to view the delivery status of a package.
We connect to, and pull data from, these API’s using Chainlink.>Before we made the switch from Oraclize to Chainlink we relied on one single API to serve us the correct data, which simply wasn’t secure enough when dealing with people’s money.
Chainlink allowed us to stay decentralised and improve the security of our platform by allowing us to pull data from several API’s.>We are bullish on LINK and hope to accelerate the adoption by using it in our own project.
There are so many use cases for LINK, our project is just one of them.If you can't see what a big deal this is then you deserve to stay poor.
There will be many more developers like them that see the light and make the switch!
Hey dick head the confido devs just dumped everything they had in reserve and shut the project down
Don't buy.
Let me buy more.
funny thing is there I don't think the LINK guys ever said anything about confideit's FUD m8
Confido seeing LINK as useful is still good.
All coins that use external data will find it useful.
The better question is if there is anyone else out there doign the same thing, but with an actual team already in place.
Only pajeet copy cattersYou realize they've been working on this for 4 years right?
They are well ahead.
rory isn't a dev
Confido seeing LINK as useful is still good.
All coins that use external data will find it useful.No they won't you fucking pajeet.
Anyone who wants to incorporate data with their contracts will do the non-sub 30 IQ way: making a web application
This is literally the only thing I'm worried aboutSooner or later we're going to need a trustless way of getting external data onto the blockchainI'm confident chainlink is furthest ahead though
Find a quote from anyone involved with Chainlink that they have had anything to do with ConfidoYou can't
No they won't you fucking pajeet.
Anyone who wants to incorporate data with their contracts will do the non-sub 30 IQ way: making a web applicationSomeone clearly doesn't understand what ChainLink does...
what would you rather do?>hire a dev >make him maintain it>have to deal with humans and BSor>pay a small fee>computers do everything>no upkeep at all
If nothing happens by the beginning of January, I'm pulling out.
Then it's going to fucking skyrocket to $20.
Thus is life
you cant lose money if you dont sell them or throw them away on dice
Satoshi is more than one person man team man team