www.feenix.tech>exchange listing coming>pajeets selling cheap moon tickets>easiest money you will make all month.selling under ICO price, normies don't know about unlisted tokens on ED.https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHJoin the discord https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B everyone is welcome https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B
Very impressive white paper.
Thanks anon.
i'm now waiting for more funds to arrive for fenx purchase.this is going to be a legit mega moon.
Straight to lambo land.
https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B
4516446Sell prices in EtherDelta book are falling day by day.
Hey guys if you're going to buy a coin that was airdropped on /biz/ Buy Oligarch.
At least many posters here have talked to the Dev.
FEENIX will never actually be listed anywhere.
The devs aren't real people.
Buy Oligarch the offical /biz/ coin.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865-eth
Proof of exchange listing / dev team desu.
There isn't any proof because it's a scam.
Fenx is a real coin bro.
Real exchange listings coming.Theres a real phone number for feenix.
Maybe you should call them and ask directly instead of assuming.Ogliarch is a scam It is 0.0000000001 eth.anyone whos lost money on Ogliarch, buy feenix and make your losses back.
Real coin.
Real exchange listings.
Real phoneTwitter not active.
No telegram.
No slack.
No discord (not official anyway).
No linkedin.> Real coin.> Avoiding the proof of exchange listing.> Real coin.
Oligarch isn't a scam though.
And make your money back with FENX?
All that coin has been doing is going down.
If you want proof of exchange listing, you need to look around and find it yourself.The info is out there for those who bother to look.
As well as reading it i was also i was told directly by the dev.Why should i tell you where to find this info?
You have no interest here except looking like an inbred mongoliod troll who fails to put any effort in to check if he's making the right claim.I have found a couple of linked in and fb profiles with about 10 min searching.Again, why does everyone avoid the fact there is a phone number for feenix you can call?Now is about the time for trolls who are bashing my investment to leave with their tales between their legs.i personally have given /biz/ a successful moon mission almost once a month.Every coin i bought got fudded and bashed, but they all mooned.
This will be no exception.
you can call a phone numberIt doesn't prove shit.
What the absolute fuck are you smoking.
I could set up a fake site and a fake project and have people call some number and talk to me to be reassured but it doesn't tell them who I really am just because they can hear my voice on the other end of a call.Your awful "argument" makes me think you're on of the scammers.
Scammers generally have complete disdain for the intelligence of people they are trying to scam and you fit the bill 100%.
A non-scammer 3rd party shill wouldn't be "muh calling".
It's too retarded.
If you've found information about the devs why not just post it instead of telling people to look for it themselves.
If you're going to shill a coin then fucking shill it by posting this "real" info you claim to have.
They can't because the information doesn't exist.
It is a scam coin.
I don't know why people are buying FENX here when they could be investing in Oligarch.
www.feenix.tech/white-paper/he is right, legitimate buyers would have actually take the time to read the information available.
You haven't.now fuck off and go back to your shitty ogliarch scam.
i'm sure it will really go up... (note:SARCASIM).I've personally been trading crypto for over 8 years.
wake up to yourself babby.shitcoins run all the time upon exchange listing, shitcoins like this with promising futures go full moon.i've reddit spaced just for you.
do you feel comfy now?
or does it make you homesick?
pajeets selling us out for gas money.Get your buy orders in, you might be lucky enough to get it filled.we need to take these coins off weak hands.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH>https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B
Dam dude you're deluded.
Your bags are going to be extra heavy tomorrow when it doesn't even get listed on ED.
I read the whitepaper before ICO.
I don't give a fuck about oligarch I'm not that guy.>I've been trading crypto for 8 yearsThen you should be able to do a simple background check and realize that these developers don't exist.Sell now and thank me later or be a pink wojak.
Ultimately it's your choice.
You can see if their background checks out yourself, or you can keep screeching like a triggered "I can't do anything wrong so it can't be a scam im such a master trader" autist.
The choice is yours.
How many in your discord bro?
Listing isn't due until next week bro, not tomorrow
That's not what you guys said in the other threads.
You've been saying that it was going to be listed the day after ICO.
i took the time to do my research.
if you don't have the time to spend thats your bad luck.Do you think /biz ever gives me a around 30 members, it was only started yesterday.fud more.. i have never seen anyone say 'day after ico ends'
i took the time to do my research.
if you don't have the time to spend thats your bad luck.Are you fucking dense?
Yes, the whitepaper makes sense, just like confido's product idea did.
It's a feasible project.The project doesn't exist, however.
The people supposedly developing it don't exist.
You haven't researched that or else you would be posting proof of who they are in the thread because your ego is 10x the size of your mental capacity and you'd love to prove yourself right and other people wrong.
Hey guys read this thread  It's fucked up.
Don't keep buying into this.
Go to the bitcointalk ANN thread and you'll see.It was a scammer who stole coins that did that dumping, who caused it all actually.