Lol you thought it was over?Heading back to $2000, get in or stay poor.
This is literally going to follow the same pattern as the last pump, and this time there's no telling where it'll stop.Holy fuck.
bccucks back after a week of crying i see
Does this mean the BCH shills will come back?
Enjoy missing out on 20%+
I have some BCH on my PTF actually.But I can't stand the shills.>muhh it will flip in less than a hour>muhhh profitability>muhhh DAA
I hear you.
Got to turn the filters on again.
down we go
Deluded cories
true I only care about making money igaf about flippening bullshit
bitcoin can only stay up with heavy manipulation soon the king will fall
lolyou mean Btrashi mean you idiots see ver's stash and you think it's the second comingyou dumbasses can't see how btrash manipulates the crap out of the valueor do you not understand what a pump and dump looks like
Is it too late to ride this wave?
4420652implying btc isnt being manipulated by teather?
Tard
If anyone was able to tell things like this for sure they'd be off fucking one of the members of their harem on their private island instead of shitposting on /biz/.
Is this going to be the new weekend thing?
Even better, tether just took offline their page with transparency info: https://wallet.tether.to/transparencyAnd the only tether block explorer I know of is also down... omniexplorer.infohmmmm suspicious
do you even know how tether works TARD!!!!!
It was lagging a bit earlier on, probably just all the increased demand.
It's about having a functional coin with a real usecase you retarded mongoloid.
Btc is like the blockbuster video of crypto, only cuckstream took it over and managed to make it even shittier.
It's the shitcoin to end all shitcoins
This particular page, that lists total USDT in circulation, has been down since Jul 4th.Seems like they are actively hiding this info.
btrashShill detected, comment disregarded.
im not fucking selling now
Btrash
What's going on with Bittrex?
I went to buy some BCH but the site won't load properly.
/biz/ never fails
its like i cant control myselfi keep saying what im supposed to do but it just never happens
I bought 0.25 BCH am I gonna make it?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
the desperation is overwhelming, i really hope you're able to dump your bags and break even because it'll crash again JUST LIKE ALWAYSand then Ver will support it at 0.1
Bitcoin Core having elite backers.
Bitcoin Cash has more crypto people with large pockets as backers, not banksters
It won’t make it past that wall at 0.19299
Every friday and saturday
Screenshot it you cancerous faggot, who fucking takes photos of screens
Cashfag hereSincerest apologies for other cashfags, I have no idea how people can be so arrogantI hope we have fun :3
But I like to buy high and sell low anon.
Yes, do you?
Obviously not.
cancerous faggot>whoAnswered yourself
Sometimes when you're a wagecuck you have to browse 4chan on your phone or risk getting fired for browsing sexual content.
this desu lets just have fun and may the best coin win ^_^
its over already LMAO cashcucks on SUICIDE WATCH
noooooit's nose divingplease pamp it harderthis is the real bitcoinplease pamp itttttttttttwhen will btrash supporters learn that BTC is what the market wants and is what the market is buy .
btrash is good but that doesn't mean it will replace BTC.
Just hold.
This coin isn't going away anytime soon.
If you dump you lose money.Buy low, don't look at it for a year, you'll see major profits.Don't buy into the drama, BCH is the future.
BCH only goes up for as long as BTC goes down.
You should have figured that out
this is the epidimy of market manipulation.
fucking drive it up hard, drop it a bit, have people sell out of fear, start pumping a bit more just after that have them buy back and drop it.
this is consistently their tactic.
fucking chinks.
a coin with this kind of brass behind it can never be taken seriously
BCH is the future.Neither BTC or BCH are the future.
Something will replace the old dinosaurs eventually
Here's the thing most of you don't realize.
They are both good.
We are all gonna make it.
fuck bittrex.
it hasnt loaded properly for weeks.
as if crypto trading isnt a time sensative issue.
i like them more than poloniex, but thats a fucking dead breaker
wtf its crashing i just went all inGUYS?
relax, its just btc correcting before it continues downwards
It just shot back up to 3.87 ETH hoping it gets to 4.1 so that someone can take these bags
enjoy your china coin pajeet
Somebody who is too lazy to transfer a picture to my PC you dipshit.