Are you upset that you missed the blocknet boat when it was pennies on the dollar?
Are you tired of looking through garbage microcaps on cmc to find something that isn't premined, vaporware, or a flat out scam?
Are you tired of people on /biz/ shilling you trash so they can dump on you?
Well, I am going to give this board something good for once, so please keep on reading if you like money.CryptoBridge is a decentralized exchange (DEX) that supports trading of most popular altcoins.
The main innovation is elimination of a single point of failure when trading cryptocurrencies online due to its decentralized nature.
In addition, another unique selling point is the usage of a multi-signature federated gateway software used by a dozen trusted gateways, operating on multiple continents, enabling trust-reduced issuing and withdrawing of the supported coins.
The Bridgecoin token will be used to fund development of the DEX without the need for an ICO or venture capital, and users will be able to stake the BCO token in order to receive 50% dividends based on the volume of the Cryptobridge DEX.
You will also receive cryptocurrency by creating orders and volume as a result of their market maker program (another one of their very promising innovations).
They have an active slack chat with the devs on there pretty much every day including weekend as well as a very promising roadmap and a nice website already up, in addition with significant support from major players in the space.Crypto OG here and since I am done filling my bags, I am giving you guys THE most promising project under 5 million marketcap that I have ever seen.
This isn't a PnD, this isn't a project i'll dump on you at 50% or 100% gain, I will START thinking about taking profit, when i'm x10 in profit, and will be holding for much longer for the very possible potential of a x100+.
DYOR if you don't trust me, you will like what you find.
In addition, since I truly believe in this project, i'll be bumping this thread a couple of times and answering questions that any of you guys might have.
You'll still make more money on blocknet.
I've looked at blocknet and yes, they're more established and people know the name, they've also got some nice UI/UX stuff going on.
However at 35x the marketcap, I doubt the validity of that statement when looking at the potential ROI for the best implementation of the bitshares DEX.When bitshares starts running up again, it will be bco that will see the most substantial growth.
What needs to happen in order for a coin to get listed on there?
If someone has to make the decision then cryptobridge is not decentralized.
I had high hopes for blocknet but it's not as decentralized as I would have hoped.
Still the best shot at it so far.
Please tell me, how is it not decentralized?
That's a question for the developers and we'll likely start to see more changes as the owners of the BCO tokens start being able to stake.
Like I said they're very active on slack.
To add on, one of the key features is that you and only you have access to your private key for the wallets used to trade coin pairs on the DEX
What aspect is centralised?I will answer for you, in case you dont: "none are centralised".
You have a point, but it's not centralised either.
Coins run with different formats/syntax for the transactions and *someone* still has to write the code for an exchange.
Your vision of a truly decentralised exchange probably isn't possible until AI can write the code for us, and at that point I think things will look very different already.
nice Blocknet XBridge rip off
My vision for a truly decentralised exchange is possible, hence why I'm invested in blocknet.