>meet up with a bunch of friends from high school>doctors, lawyers, accountants, and others are simply peon cogs in soulless corporation.>the higher earners are all greying from perpetual stress and lack of sleep>the cogs only make like 50k a year kek>I show up, friends ask how I've been able to afford traveling all over the world doing awesome shit for the past 3 months.>I tell them I've made a million dollars in crypto in the past 8 months>they are forced to reexamine their meaningless lives while I literally do whatever the fuck I want, whenever I want, and get a minimum of 10 hours of sleep a day so I look 5 years younger than everyone else.>mfw made a million from browsing biz everydayhow suicidal are YOUR friends?
then u woke up
at the ritz, literally.
How much buttcoins to hurt you?
Hahaha.
In the same boat.Super smug professors are still laughing at "magic internet money".
They still expecting it to collapse any day due to some headlines they read in the NewYorkTimes telling them it'll crash and die soon.We are so fucking early on, make it to the 21 BTC Club and you gonna be OK.Not gonna disclose what I made, I been trying to get those plebs interested since <$100 and nothing but gay jokes, so fuck em.
My brother has close to a million euro invested in gold and silver.
He's in complete denial about how well I'm doing in crypto and still believes that BTC is a scam
what shitcoin made you the most money op?
Made money off Ethereum, XRP, DGB, OMG, and Neo.Now I'm in Metaverse, Eboost, NEO.
yet, you still have no girl in your life.fail whale.
What do you think about college OP?
Is it just a waste of time?
Should I just focus all of my efforts into crypto?
Why not /deluded/posting tonight?
Which ritz?
no
i'd like an answer from the supposed millionare pls
There's no reason why you can't do both, and no reason you should spend hours a day looking at crypto unless you're a developer/business person, and no trading doesn't make you either of these.
College is worthless unless you go for something actually needed.
If you arent going for Engineering or Medicine, don't bother.
Learn a trade instead.
I don't want a girl.
I fuck high end escorts and tinder sluts 2-3 times a week.
It's amazing.Go to college if your parents pay for it.
If you're taking out a loan then you better have a plan and be majoring in something very useful/practical for undergrad (engineering, math, CS, chemistry, bio, you know, shit that proves you are intelligent) then follow through with grad school to become a professional in medicine, law, banking, engineering, or something else that makes money.
If you your parents aren't paying for it and you aren't planning on becoming any of those things I mentioned then yes, college is DEFINITELY not worth it.
You will never escape the debt, especially as the economy's health continues to decline.
I know people approaching 50 who still have college debt.Let me explain something to you tards about crypto:It's all a big meme.
All this confido link funcoin fat coin crap is bullshit.
It's all going to zero eventually.
BUT in the meantime you can make a lot of money betting on how accurately you understand crowd psychology.
It has made me a millionaire in under a year so apparently I'm pretty good at it.Here's a hint.
When you feel like you should really really do something, assume everyone else has that feeling and do something else to take advantage of the fact that everyone is going to do it.
What key pieces of advice would you give to people new to Crypto and want to make as much money as you do.
This is bullshit advice, the network you build in college alone regardless of your major is priceless and will help you further than being blue collar worker with an above average wage.
College is what you make of it.
Here's a hint.
When you feel like you should really really do something, assume everyone else has that feeling and do something else to take advantage of the fact that everyone is going to do it.Can you explain this a little more?
Provide an example.
Did you go to college yourself?
What do you even do nowadays?
Just NEET it up all day?
No, you're overestimating the value of a "college network"Your network will only be valuable if you yourself become a high earning professional, otherwise no good people will want you in their network.
Network is useless if you're useless, remember that.
Build yourself up and your network will build itself.Going to college for a network is retard thinking.
Go to college to get something you cannot get anywhere else, like a JD or MD, not a degree in women's studies that anyone can get from sitting at barnes and noble for 6 hours in the fat dyke pink hair section.see my previous post.I've made about 18x my initial investment, that's with a combination of high risk speculation and conservative movements.
Don't expect to make 50-100x.
10-20x is very realistic in a relatively short time.
larping is for the mentally ill
Nice OP.
I sold a lot of big moon missions like DGB for 4x rather than 20x, and held stuff like NEO too long.
Up to 250k so far since April, but probably could have made it to a million if I was more efficient.
Got any suggestions on good coins to help quadruple that?
Provide an example.Don't tell me what to do ever again, you forever poor wage cucking nigger.
You will ask nicely or not speak to me at all.Do not assuming you're smarter than the crowd, that comes later.
Analyze your coins and the market and the forums, and when you come to a conclusion that you're about to act on, you know, the one you feel in your gut and you know is probably the right move, then step back and assume EVERYONE is thinking like that, because they are.
Then base your actual real movement on the fact that everyone is acting on that "gut feeling" emotion that you just felt.
That is how you beat the crowd.
You beat it by not thinking you're better than it, and stepping outside of yourself for a moment before you act.Yes, I didn't get into any ivy but my university is constantly ranked in the top 25 US colleges.
I worked for a few years after school, launched a semi successful kickstarter product, then found crypto.
My goal is and has always been to be rich enough where I don't need to wage cuck.Now a days I travel and hunt bitches on tinder and fuck whores, I eat at the best restaurants, go shopping for nice clothes, and am enjoying life.Find the moments you want to live for.
For me it's being drunk with my best friends, eating a really good meal, walking around in a beautiful foreign city absorbing the experience of being a human, and nutting in a slut's mouth while she sucks hard.
Metaverse.
Not sure why this board hates it, it's going to moon almost 100%.Oh I know why people here hate it, 80% of you are fat stupid neets who joke about being fat stupid neets but are actually fat stupid neets.
Roleplay thread?Roleplay thread!
never heard of Eboost, why with that fat supply and with other competitors in their space?
I have about $80k in eboost, it is my smallest position.
I just followed Attilfx on this one and I hope it pays off or I'll have to have a word with him on twitter.
HAHAHAHAHAHA suck my fucking dick you cringy ass pathetic miserable loser.
I must have lost a couple brain cells just reading that post.
How low is your IQ you fucking nigger?
Honestly, tell me.
How low are your IQ points?
Is it in the single digits?
If you're gonna larp at least try not to act like a pseudo-intellectual because you legit have no idea what you're talking about.
You're never gonna make it you forever poor brain dead piece of shit LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO Got a good laugh from this though.
Kill yourself you scum.
Everyone else feels this way too but they're too pussy to say anything about it.
I'm a fucking hero.
Thanks.
I've got some Metaverse already, but only a small amount.
I'll add some more soon.
Been thinking of getting some eBoost too for the same reason as you, Attila seemed pretty sure of it.
lmao I'm imagining you type that post in fury and it's hilarious.
Look in a mirror you fat retarded forever poor incompetent acne ridden faggot, then kill yourself lol.
I'm the queen of France!
is Attilfx a tripfag here or something?
My friends are all invested in crypto with me because I'm not a selfish jew
nvm, it was a typo that google wasn't fixing lolif you aren't larping, proud of you bro
not only are you a larping deluded cringy ass piece of shit, you're also self-projecting everything about your ugly fat horrendous mug on other people you're fucking scum and are worth nothing.
if i ever saw your ugly fat piece of shit irl i'd clobber on your bongo head till you admit you're a worthless piece of shit and then i'd empty a gun clip on your head till there's nothing but blood and gore everywhere just because you're thaaat much of a delusional fucking loser.
lmaoooooooooooooooo kill yourself already this is fucking pathetic hahahahahahha
muh projectionLOL this is too funny.
Fat acne ridden fedora tits retard over here can't comprehend how other people are awesome and rich while he is fat stupid and poor.
It's because god hates you, and if you don't believe in god (I mean why would you, you must look in the mirror and curse his name), then it's because your parents hate you otherwise they wouldn't have mixed their inferior genes together to create an lard stuffed abomination such as yourself.
Literally everyone you know is disgusted by you.
Stay in your basement faggot hahahahahaha
Damn… gold isn't a scam, right?
t. Fat 650 lbs brain dead acne ridden fedora tits retarded incompetent low IQ poor idiotFunny how from my post all you singled out was projection because you know it's true LOL.
You're projecting your fat ugly hideous self onto others.
I bet YOU look in the mirror and curse god's name and hate your parents for having shitty and inferior genes and they also hate you back for being a fat autistic worthless piece of shit abomination.
It's an endless cycle.
So you then go on 4chan and larp about being rich because your life is that miserable and shitty.
Literally everyone who knows you wishes you were dead and/or is plotting to kill you.
You are a ugly disgusting wretched piece of shit.
And another self-projection lmao, you live in your parents basement you ugly fucking fat loser.
Kill yourself you fat, autistic, cringy, pathetic, worthless, miserable, ugly, low IQ nigger.
I bet you're the one whos greying out of your "friends" lmaooooo
HAHAHA
Lol @ this board screaming larp anytime a mildly successful individual posts.
Good for you OP I'm on the same path as you.
I started a business out of college bc fuck wagecucking.
Rediscovered crypto in May and have been riding my 300k in profits since then.
Gonna sell the business in a year or so and just live off my crypto earnings and other investments for the rest of my life.
I'm still fat but my confidence has never been higher and I'm enjoying life traveling and meeting new people.
People that scream larp literally cannot fathom that other people aren't as retarded as they are.
Lol you just admitted you're fat.
Your opinion is worth less than nothing.
And I don't call out a larper for being a larp all the time.
OP is just cringy ass fat autistic worthless piece of shit so I sensed it from the first post.
I am fat.
I've also been very successful with my investments.
Keep screaming larp though I'm sure you'l get to one Bitcoin one day.
the only thing you sense is a doughnut lmao u fatty fat fatso.
You get so defensive and angry about weight, makes me think you're trying to deflect attention off the fact that you're a lardo.
kys fatty
Share The Love12TxduPcaQPaisHPryEugePybFVt7UUAuG
Eboost has gone down 400% since you last shilled last month.
no it's about 20% down since I started shilling it.
Hasn't mooned yet.
nice larp faggot, i liked the subtle shill of those shitcoins, and only an idiot would reveal his power level to normals and basically try to get them in the action.
From 6k sats>To 1.5k sats%Holy shit lmao, this shitcoin has been getting dumped on by the founders from the beginning and was promised 40x moon soon garunteed!
All the way back at 10k sats.40x gains LMAO
This post is full of retarded comments like this one But well done OP.
I'm chasing you and I'm definitely reaching where you are soon.Hint hint: ETP :)
The real problem is that you have to be under 120 IQ for this crowd psych trick to work.
Any smarter, and you see red flags most people will miss, your gut feeling never reflect the crowd and the whole house of cards falls apart.
Good news then because your IQ is 50 which is under 120 which means this technique will work for you!
wich coin is good for investment, OP?i dont want to be a millonaire, just want some neetbux so i can keep my comfy lifestyle
Next level shilling....I've seen your posts before.1.
Post about how much better your life in than other people 2.
Start arguing with someone I thread when you get accused of larping3.
Casually mention the coins you want to shill.Don't care if larping or if you're telling the truth but you shilled some awful coins before.
You think link is a lost cause because the team behind it isn't shilling it?
Your IQ is below 120, that's obvious.
It's sad that your would need to be defensive about it when you're worth over a million dollars.
Your larp is falling apart, brainlet.
My friends are all NEETS.>Live in the Netherlands.>Everybody gets goverment money if they're unemployed.>Friends do jack shit and earn on the side with their subsidies or do some crappy study.
bullshit.
Went to a top EU university - and am shitposting and trading crypto's and stocks and all my normie wage friends from college are curious - envious - apathetic.
We still get to talk a lot and have philosophical debates etc.
Just prove you aint no cuck ass fagg while in college.
Anyone that put money in eth when it was being shilled made 24×+ on their initial investment.
What coin got you the greatest return?
top EU universitylol.
If you didn't go to oxford or cambridge (which aren't even in the EU anymore) then you didn't go to a very good school.I'm not talking about a network of friends you dunce.
I'm talking about an beneficial network of driven, success-oriented people who can help you in your career, which is what the person I was speaking to was referring to.>muh philosophical debatesliterally no one cares that you have some gay friends and you all suck each other's dicks like the faggy eurocucks you are.New rule- if you're not from America you're not allowed to speak in this thread anymore.
Have you consideted buying powr?
Why haven't you?
retarded postYou can literally check the charts on bittrex and see the Eboost shills in the archive.