>Bitcoin dramaGuess what?
just bought me some link guys (: after watching this since october IM FINALLY IN at .16 cents.
not bad i wanted 13 or 14 but it wont matter at least i didnt buy in at .23 or .33
Welcome brother!
Moon mission soon!
Holding 20,000 LINK:,000 in cold wallet,000 on binanceI have orders to trade those 4,022 LINK for BTC when the price of LINK:BTC=0.999999.I would be sleeping soundly right now... if I wasn't so busy drinking all of these delicious tears!
Same.I was about 50/50 in BTC and BCC, but pulled the plug and went all in on Link.This is probably the only coin I can think of that is this severely undervalued and has this much promise so I'm sleeping like a baby.
dont learn how to do smart trading and just bag hold shit tokensnice strat bros
I feel the meme magic is with link
Chainlink>"shitcoin"Anon, I...>trying to predict and time the BCC/BTC dumpster fire>"smart trading" AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Unironically bought 400k on binance at .000026Check the trade history/candles that was me
Good... they're distracted.
Looks like it's time to... flush out the competition.
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
Guys, can we uh, can we get TA on this shit right here.
4317670Don't fuck with me mother fuckers.
Please.
I'm a poorfag, I want to get out of the hell that is poorfagdom.I'm literally all in with LINK.
Should I buy more?
I only have a few thousand.
REQ and LINK are the two most likely coins to actually have a use case in 2018.
If you're shit at trading, dont want to chase p&d's and want a "relatively safe" long term hold keep an eye on these two.
I have 34k LINK and I still question whether it's enough to achieve what I want.
I just keep topping up every dip I see because I know inevitably it will have another pump/run to the next level where I can reassess
thisexactly same here, buying every local dip so I can retire as a millionaire when shit hits the fan
 You'd want around 150k for that
why?
you really don't expect this to hit at least $10?
Tfw bought 55k at 40c (all in) and feel like a twat watching people buy almost 150k for the same amount of moneyGuess I'll just have to ride this out for a couple of years
he is obviously a salty nocoinerLook at ripple with their uesless token - 9bn or sojust because there hasn't been a proper moon mission recently doesn't mean it's over, there is no reason for LINK to not be a top3 coin in 2019
He does; he just has expensive tastes.>tfw uncomfortable living on less than $1m annually
 I have 120K link you complete you fucking moron.
Christ.If you're the average link holder, no wonder sergey doesnt bother with updates; you're a complete handicap.WHy are you using RIpple's fundamentals as a basic for Chainlinks?
I fully believe that Chainlink will be successful, but until more functions get mentioned about the utility, I think we'll hit 5-7 dollars max.If a POS type thing gets announced, then you're onto a golden ticket, as people will stake, taking coins out of circulation, driving up the price of circulating coins.You absolute handicap.
"Hurr durr XRP is 7 billion hurr so LINK shuwd be 15 billion hurr"
If you're the average link holder, no wonder sergey doesnt bother with updates; you're a complete handicap.I'm not the one bitching on slack and here about muh updatesI trust him enough to know that he is probably working his ass off as we speak to find new people for the team etc.I'm using ripple's fundamentals because this market is 90% driven by hype, ripple's token's price is because the hype drove it up there and bagholders refuse to sell any cheaper, the banks don't give a fuck, the swing traders don't give a fuck, its market cap is purely artificial, just like dash nem or other shitcoinsLink will be driven by hype AND real demandbut you'll probably get weakhanded at 5-7$ like you said, lol
 So do I.7 dollars give me 840,000 USD.Hurr durr you're missing the moon.
Stop being a fucking retard christ.
Realise your profits.
You sound like plebbit.
Anyone know what this was about: https://swift.smartcontract.com/bondsSaw it in a reddit thread, but the page is offline now.
all this fucking news is hard to keep track of.
any youtuber out here who is /ourguy/?
Wait did you actually call something like NEM a shitcoin?Jesus christ.
YOu obviously joined crypto 6 months ago or so did you?
Nem already mooned from below 1 cent you capper.
I made 80K off of NEM.Jesus christ, nubiz I fucking swear.
You're well aware XEM is way more ahead in development and partnerships than any other chain at the moment yeah?
looked like a test or perhaps real simulation of swift executing a smart contract through chainlink.
Anon there is a staking mechanism for certain.
Not in the whitepaper but go in the slack and ask.
In rory's words "a way of locking up your tokens in your node to give you a level of trust in the network.
It can be used to settle disputes between the node operators and the smart contract owner"
 Ref was 12345678 so yeah I gonna assume a test
hurr huge partnerships durr good coins sir, great future aheadnobody will use it for a long long timebitcoin and link is all that matters, store ov value and mainstream smart contracts, the rest of shitcoins can go fuck themselves
blows my mind why LINK is underperforming atm
NEM's private chain is literally in use by industries atm you capper.
I swear biztards used to at least have an idea of crypto.
Now we have retards claiming "No one will use NEM for a long time, even though it's literally currently in use".
Fucking idiot.SO you dont value the eth blockchain, or HL blockchain no?
Or the blockchains LINK will be working off?You dont even value th ebtc blockchain since you just said its a store of value.GO fucking read ANYTHING legit on crypto you retard.
You're an embarrassment.
zero marketingnot on a big exchangemost is still just rumorstoo technical for most people to understand
DESU anon, I've been fudding it too to keep it down just to accumulate more.
I know people ay that, but it is legit.
Our discord, aroudn 6 of us, are all 100k+ LINK minimum, with one of the lads having 220K.We all fud.
Cant attack the tech as it is wonderful, but you can attack the subjectivity of token utility.
PLus half of biz genuinely doesnt have a clue about crypto, as evidenced by some of the posts in this thread.Obviously we dont have massive influence, but I am ALL about getting as much LINK as I can atm.
bittrex when?
I've been fudding>Our discordYou fucking idiots.
Let me tell you something.The token may well be worthless and your dumb plays have prevented it from mooning on speculative hype.
its too early for the moon anon.
gonna accumulate 7k at $.15
What do you think about REQ?
Soon™
What if all of crypto is an orchestrated event with the sole purpose of taking our money?
What if LINK slowly bleeds into BCC over the next few days/weeks, and when the people behind BCC are satisfied with their profits they all cash out and leave?
Nah,by the time network goes live and SWIFT starts using the network in summer (SWIFT have stated in their latest video), we should be good.
I ran out of money to buy ETH in december 2016, not doing the same thing here.Only time when I got into REQ was the other day at 760 and sold from 830-850.
Havent given it much thought due to the "crypto paypal" label.
They provide consistent updates, and they are DEFINITELY working on something.
Unfortunately I dont know enough about it yet.
I'll read up later on about it when Im home
So for chainlink... Real time fraud detection?I think REQ has potential to moon due to a product next month which is easy to understand.
Whether the product will be viable on the market is another thing.
Yeah, or even liek transatlantic weather patterns.
Imagine how often multinational aviation companies have to verify X wind pattern at Y speed.Or for example, my friend works in a pharma tech industry, where they collarborate data on diagnosis, risk factors, prognosis of disease in patients, and then sell that data to insurance companies.If you could take provide that data via yoru node, well damn.
I'm base din healthcare, so I dont know muhc about the finance ins and outs, but I can only imagine the data there that is extremely valuable.REQ team seems solid, and they havent mooned yet so go for it.
Better than most options atm.
btc goes up 500 dollars--> 8.5%.
Literally ,ade 11.8% off your REQ the other day, ya know?
Right now:Smart money is buying LINK.I want to lose money and dont care money is buying BCH.You choose.
A 2x is easy, anything above that....maybe...Problem these days is the absurd caps on most icos...If a coin starts out on a fucking 30 mil cap, the moon potential is very limited.
Just look at confido, only people who were smart enough to realize the low hardcap meant rocket ship made some very good returns.
Imagine how often multinational aviation companies have to verify X wind pattern at Y speed.Why wouldn't they just pay usd dollars for someone to make software that does it for them for free?
because you have to trust the "someone" you mention.
chainlink cross-verifies data in a decentralized system.
Kek
Yeah but at the same time the coin is cheaper, no?
a lower cap means it moons faster but with a higher buy-in price?
see you and the LINK lambo meetup next year 8-)
YOU ARE A DELUDED MOTHERFUCKER
forgot OMG and RLC
after the shitstorm today I see LINK shilling is backguys which one should I go all in link or ark?
Definitely LINK man.
It has a much broader use case and can be used for so many things.
Not to mention the fact that if SWIFT implements the use of chainlink nodes in the next few years (which I believe they will) it will take this things to an astronomical level.
SWIFT does 1.25 QUADRILLION dollars in transfers per year so just them using LINK for data through nodes is enough to send this to andromeda, not to mention all of the other companies that are already waiting for the node network to be set up to use it.
It's also near its all time low right now so theres literally not really a better time to buy it.
as if that post wasn't enough, you go and get trips and a green ID
I agree , LINK has been in my sights for a long timebut im trying to make a buck right nowand I saw a lot of chatter about ARK hitting 10$ eoy so im torn
/biz/ Why are you not staking bitcoinplus right now?Why were you not staking bitcoinplus 5 months ago?
Why will you not be staking bitcoinplus coin Plus 5 years from now?
ARK seems like a good project but for it to hit $10 it would need to reach about $1 billion market cap which is definitely possible but very unlikely by EOY.
Don't let the biztard moon boys get in your head.
LINK is pretty much the most obvious moon shot that there is right now so I personally don't want to miss out on a price jump while I'm busy trying to flip other coins for 4x
EOY price predictions?
$1?
$5?
so uh any other coin which might moon eoywhat about KMD
$4
I have 10k links.
Do you guys think link will ever reach the 1000$ value per token?
Will we become millionaires?Thoughts and predictions on ath link?
$100 link would make you a millionaire
I am Going to buy another stack of 5k links.
Do you think link will go further than 100 dollars?
Are we on the best deal of our lives?
I think it's possible in a couple of yearsBut no one knows for certain.
It does seem like a very real chance to become genuinely rich.
But it's just that: a chance
yes.
Jesus has blessed us, friend.this, in many ways, is better than investing in bitcoin
check out salt token
I am 27 years old and have 125k LINK and 200k REQ... Anon give it to me straight: Will I be able to retire next year and never have to wagecuck again?
(I'll obviously still build some comfy businesses etc... just don't want to wagecuck anymore)
What price did u buy on friend
ICO both
I wish you well.
I hope to see some green wojaks from you in the future.
4321809this man is a hero, notice him
thank you bro, from you as well.