You all saw my flash update earlier this morning.
I finally got round to writing the whole thing.
The price keeps rising on good volume and will test 3,500 satoshis unless Bitcoin goes crazy.https://medium.com/@CryptoTakeoff/link-11-12-status-update-c10390a8e034
god bless you, blessed LINK chaplain
Thanks for the writeup.
It's always appreciated.
If Smartcontract.com ever decide to hire a social media manager (which is a definite "if", considering how they roll) it should be you.
>hello you automated shiller :)
Serious question, obviously you are bullish on LINK and understand it.
But why dont you see it reaching $20 aka Ripple's marketcap?
Just what price are you expecting if you are so bullish on LINK assuming everything goes well.Because NEO reached the marketcap of 2.5billion with no dapps running on it.
4332794Thanks a lot, guys!They have Rory.
He gets a bad rap, but it's obvious there's a lot the guy just cannot discuss in public.I'm as human as you or Mark Zuckerberg.
No, wait...
its just a poc.
swift looking at multiple options.
https://www.swift.com/our-solutions/global-financial-messaging/payments-cash-management/swift-gpi/the-technological-transformation-of-cross-border-payments
I believe that many alts are overvalued, especially the ones with a high marketcap.
It's easy to say 'Link could reach the same marketcap as Ripple'.
Okay, I can agree with that, or at least entertain the possibility, but what should Ripple's marketcap actually be?
How much would they have to deliver during the next 5 years just to justify the token's marketcap at a 10x or 20x PE valuation?I remember when the Blackmoon ICO was happening and people said 'It should be worth at least as much as Iconomi, 350M!'.
Well, now Iconomi is valued at 100M.
Where will Ripple and Omisego be in a year's time?This is the best game in town, but it's risky too.
Unlike with IPOs, we're not even buying company shares.
Any of these companies might just decide to make their token worthless.
Look at freaking Monaco and how they betrayed the token holders.I don't have a price target for Link.
Who knows?
What I do know is that, once it moons, I'll be paying attention to exhaustion signs in the trend.
Stop losses might save you, man.
Just look at the people who bought BCH yesterday.
How many made money?
How many are badholding now?
Where will Ripple and Omisego be in a year's time?Skateboarding in the local McDougle's parking lot.
Why is this JSON parser worth an 8 figure market cap?> It's not
Ohh i see, you're bullish on LINK but actually think crypto as a whole is in a bubble.
So we might see some gains but not as much as people expect because you see the marketcap of crypto as a whole deflating a bit by 2019.
Anyway, thanks for doing these threads man really appreciate it.
muh JSON parser FUD
we dont say the B word around here its bad juju
why is connecting off-chain data to blockchains and enabling real world adoption of smart contracts worth 8 figures?It's not, it's worth a lot more than 8 figures.
I think the 2019 crypto marketcap will be so big that it will make the current one seem like a joke.
There will be plenty of new coins too, and I think Link will have its day in the Sun.
However, the top 10 coins will be very different.
Some of the Billion dollar tokens will be worth almost nothing.So, it's not a question of the overall marketcap but of which tokens will make it and for how long.
tfw link is the sun
Ohh im starting to get it, you think LINK is one of the best moon missions right now but once it moons who knows if there are new moon missions (nonexisting coins right now) by 2019 that will wipe the fuck out of existing top 10 coins and that we should always be ready to hop in to the promising next-gen crypto during that circumstance.
Did i get it?
Sorry im a bit of a brainlet.
More or less.
Some coins will remain in the top 10 and become the new Amazon and Google, but at this point it's impossible knowing which ones will they be.
Even Bitcoin might fall.
Btw i saw your wallet that people send tips to, I see you are also holding SALT like me.
I know its a bit off-topic but whats your price expectation for SALT for lets say Q4 2017 and Q1 2018?
Good question.
I'll probably begin writing Salt status updates soon.The platform will have tokens available for $25 coins, so we know it won't go above that.
The question is how close will the price get to that.
The thing about 'state-enforced' price limits like the $25 token price is that the market interprets them as a target price and can get close fast.
How long will that take?
No idea, but Salt is one of the few platforms that I see having a quick adoption among crypto holders, not so much because of the loans but because of how attractive it is to avoid capital gains taxes.As usual, I'll be looking for trend exhaustion signs once it reaches $10 or $12.
Nice!
thanks man, ill be looking forward to not only for your LINK threads but also the SALT ones.
anon, why not include factom tie up in your updates...?
factom tie up means, by default wanchain ties up soon, both founders are same https://www.factom.com/blog/smartcontract-factom-announce-collaboration
https://www.factom.com/blog/smartcontract-factom-announce-collaborationI'd love to, but my time is very limited.
Right now, coins I find promising are Link, Salt and 0x.
i mean in your chainlink update url , I see confido , req news but not mentioned about factom tie up with link.
I'll mention it next time, thanks.
Actually, I just edited the piece to include it.
https://www.factom.com/blog/smartcontract-factom-announce-collaboration4333940fyi that's apparently from July 2016
thats cool