Someone just posted this on reddit.
Looks solid as fuck.
Thoughts?https://medium.com/@001modow/next-pbc-coin-revealed-solarcoin-1d7e535be5b0
The fact that it was going to be SolarCoin has been fucking stupidly obvious for 3 weeks now.IT'S AN MIT STARTUP YOU OBLIVIOUS IDIOTS
this shit looks solidhttps://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7d5xja/next_pbc_coin_revealed_solarcoin_medium/
Look how much it's already went up...
Think about it if we invest before the acutal report
IT'S BEEN SOLID FOR 3 FUCKING WEEKSIf this doesn't double in price in the next 24 hours I'll eat my dick on live tv.
Okay, already put in some percent of my portfolio, let that puppy go up dear Lord D:
so invest?
It's not Solar, it's Powr.
This SLR company is primed for a massive pump at only a 20 million market cap.
The 24 hour volume on ZEN was 45 million.
ZEN's market cap went from 18 million to 51 million in 24 hours.
SLR will be even bigger.
Teeka Masala is still a fag
Wow.
That was fast.
up 4 cents since I posted this lol.
I'll wipe my tears with $100 bills fag
sorry, I really need to ask, are you seriously looking at the fucking price of this in USD and not BTC?How long have you been in crypto?
Not flaming, I legitimately want to know.
Go home mcafee.
You're drunk.
If it's not slr get ready for some massive losses
USD is the only way to look at price.
BTC makes everything look like its crashing when its stable
true if big
If it isn't Solar then every fucking PBC subscriber will be out with pitchforks to kill that fucking jew
Are you retarded?
The Jew chink whatever the fuck that dwarf cunt is probably bought $1 million worth 3 weeks ago, you really think he’s going to not post it?
this
We shall see tomorrow, i'm actually a member of pbc.
We'll see tonight and his q & a what he reveals.
This.
Tekka is in one bed with people behind Solarcoin.
Why?
PBC subscribers aren't autists like us trying to game his prediction before he puts out his subscription.
Got a strong hunch it's going to be Power Ledger anyways.
What?
Are you fucking retarded?The dude has given us EXTREMELY STRONG HINTS that point to this being SolarCoin.
It is probably going to double from here.
Waiting just seems dumb when it is this obvious.
volume shot to over $5,000,000 on 10/21...getting in early?
Do you really trust Teeka not to tell his jewfag mates right before he posts?If you’re not already in solar you should just fucking quit life
The strong hints apply more to Powr than it does with SolarCoin.
The only thing iffy here is what Teeka meant by the 'leading MIT minds,' SolarCoin is an MIT licensed project while Powr has a partner who did a course at MIT.
The key phrase making me think this is Powr is Teeka mentioning it's a new blockchain project.
SolarCoin is ancient.
Last time I called xrp everyone laughed, this time it's syscoin you will see.
Solar Coin was not at Web Summit.
POWR was.EXPLAIN
POWR is promising as hell but it doesn't fit Teeka's description.1.
Mit Connection?
Yes, kinda but not as strong as SLR.2.
Energy derivatives trader?
Nope...3.
'Trading for under $1 right now' - PWR wasn't even listed on an exchange when he said this so I don't see how it could be trading under $1
Nick Gogerty was there you retard...
he said he will not be attending
POWER was not even on the exchange back then when Tekka leaked his tip pajeets.
He never mentioned that the coin was trading under $1And the energy derivatives trader applies more to Powr than Solarcoin.We will see by Thursday night
'a solar blockchain project'>solarcoinare people around here really stupid?
Who is PWR's energy derivatives trader?We already know SLR have Nick Gogerty who is practically sucking Teeka's dick at this point.
POWR is also a fucking solar project
Syscoin was a buy on 6/21/17.
He won't recommend something he has already recommended unless it is to get new subscribers.
XRP was not his last pick.
XRP was what was recommended during his recent new subscriber campaign a couple of weeks ago.
XRP was originally added to the buy list in May.
Agreed, yet more proof points towards Solar as the coin of the month.
Power was not even trading back then when he leaked the tip.
Can you beat that?
I'm not buying your bags at ATH bro
No the MIT "connection" for POWR either.
The guy they try to say has the connection took a 12 week online Fintech course through MIT.
He is not one of MITs "great minds" by a long shot.
Also the POWR team said in Slack that there is NO MIT connection and there is not reason to think it is the PBC recommendation.
THE WHOLE PWR TEAM IS LOCATED IN FUCKING AUSTRALIA FFS
Im telling you this guys...Al those fucking powr butt lovers will be burned out once teeka recommends solarcoinYou fucking idiots want to stay poor for life.
Which daddy told you its powr.Powr has a 80mil marketfap and deez faggots still think they will be rich in 2 days...Get the fuck your aas into solar please.. it is dead obvious.
The evidence is right inf ront of your eyes ans you still think it is powrFaggotsPs.
I will dump my solarcoins on your face when you come beg for them when teeka recommends it.
Bitches.
The one missing fact that puts a bullet in this whole thing is Nick Gogerty's absence from Web Summit 2.0.https://twitter.com/nickgogertyNo tweets about it.https://websummit.com/attendees/featured-attendeesNot featured in attendees.Meanwhile power ledger is clearly there...
It's not Solar Coin.
Hey fagEven if power ledger was on web summit which is not confirmed, even then it does not mean it will be covered fags
not confirmedLiterally on the website idiothttps://websummit.com/attendees/featured-attendees
Why the actual fuck would Teeka decide to meet with some god damn analyst?
Surely if he would have to meet with someone higher up to make a call?
Okay but where is Nick?
You understand that not EVERYONE that went to Web Summit is on that website right?
Oh yeah, Top mind from Power was there.
What a kiddo pajeets
I guess without evidence to the contrary even Santa clause was there
Yes, because a fucking analyst is a top mind am I right?
Teeka said he was meeting an ENERGY DERIVATIVES TRADER, read the fucking statement
Wew an analyst is featured over a "top mind" from MIT.
Adds up "kiddo pajeets"
Teeka might've been hyperbolic here, that's the only faint connection to an "MIT mind" between Powr and SolarCoin.
SolarCoin is an MIT licensed project, which isn't the same as a project that's led by an 'MIT mind'
how the fuck far down do you have to go i couldn't find them
ffs my mind is going to explode
My mind would explode if I were rich too anon
Thanks bro, I was starting a bullshit thread like this to shut off the hype on POWR so I could buy more.
conspiracy mode: after the last leak fiasco with Zen, what if they asked to remove the link for now to avoid the pre-pump before the subs get it?
ie, if he was listed there it would be too easy / confirming that its solar, no?food for thought