Is storing my private key in a safety deposit box safe?
Doesn't the teller have a key?
they're monitor'd 24/7 and they would probably be fired, fined and face even jail times for entering someone elses box without express direct authorization, But judging by the fact you're asking this fucking question you don't have enough money to let this concern you or have the money to pay for one anyway.
what happens if there is a fire?
bank holiday declared>bank closed>can't access private key>federal agents raid all banks and steal your private key>kek
Why do you figure that?
Wouldn't I be more likely to not want to risk someone stealing it if there was more?
Keep the key in there but keep the key encrypted via Cesar cypher or something
holy shit just put it into a fucking drawer in your room or something what are you afraid your mom will steal your toshis?
If its just a hardware wallet sure.
Not a piece of paper with it on it.
kek'd
I don't live with my mom.
I live in an apartment and don't want it to burn up or get stolen in a break in or snagged by one of the tinder sluts I fucked.
I just feel uneasy having it around
and what if the deposit box gets hit by a meteor?
Break ins happen all the time how can you compare it to a meteor strike on a bank...
4345798>and what if the deposit box gets hit by a meteor?Hey Goy, want to buy some meteor insurance?Handrub.tif
i printed my private key onto a piece of paper and the mexican maid threw it away; now all my shitoshies are gone rreeeeeeee JUST
take your keythink of a number sequence, maybe your telephone number, that you're 100% sure will never forgetencrypt your key with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipherwrite that down on a piece of papercongrats you now have a paper wallet that only you can use
thanks boss
Telephone number>Caesar cipherI sure hope you're kidding senpai
it would take millions of years to bruteforce a caesar'd private key
snagged by one of the tinder sluts I fuckedyou just had to prove your manhood by throwing that in there didn't you
Kek I'm actually a 21 year old virgin I was just thinking of an example people could relate to
Kekek
If you really want them safe buy a 5 dollar metal punch set on Amazon then punch them into a piece of aluminum or copper.
And you can wear it in a necklace or bracelet or just keep it around your house or something.
100 percent fireproof
I know you're shitposting, but this is actually a really good topic.people like myself who are good with tech have no problems here.
I keep my wallets on a secured linux server.
but regular folks need to rely on companies like coinbase to store their coins.
with time I think more "coinbase-tier" places of storage, ex: crypto custodial banks will start to appear, and that will be when cryptos really take off.
Rent all boxes.
Put the key in one and fill the rest with USB drives filled with dolphin porn.