What do you think about NEO?I think it is going places and a great long term investment.
Stable long term hold
This chink piece of shit is going to moon fucking hard eventually.
How hard do you think?
Next stop will be 100usd shortly then who knows after that.
Hope so anon i really do.
what timeframe is shortly to you?
What do you mean timeframe?
300$ by Dec 2018
I think it is a good coin, gonna buy $1000 worth when i get paid

Very good hold.
Stands out amongst other coins.
Can moon any day.
days?
3 weeks?
3 years?
3 decades?
3 centuries?Timeframes.
yup it'll moon eventually.
nobody knows when.
it would have been at eth price by now if china didn't cuck it when it was at 0.01 BTC.
Oh like that sorry not thinking clearly.Will i double my investment in 2 years you think?
You will double your investment in 2 months
I still dont get what is NEO good for in real world applications.
its good for making people moneyBut really, my understanding of the technology is that it aims to integrate itself within China's banking system, so if that happens, profits will be YUGE
My only fear is that they use neo as training chain and when they have the know how they will make a gov chain without private investor's.
I really like that it acts as a passive income.
I don't have that much ~200 and I have made around $200 in gas just letting it sit in my wallet for a few months.I am definitely want to get some more before it becomes too expensive.
Hold the phoneIf btc just bull runs till 10kHow can any alt be left un distroyed?Riddle me that batman.
How can they go uo hand in hand.
Prancing and dancing
We all love NEO but what about GAS?It looks like GAS dumps more heavily than NEO does when Bitcoin moons like today.Possibly GAS pumps more too.The GAS vs NEO chart is pretty interesting too.https://ratesviewer.com/chart/gas-neo/year/Too bad only Kucoin offers it as a trading pair.
It's China.
They aren't going to build a new chain.
They would just take NEO over completely, if that were going to be the case.
Personally, I've witnessed NEO make gains even when BTC has been on a bullrun so it's not impossible for NEO to be one of the few alt coins not just to survive but to thrive.
I don't think this could happen as Dongfei is balls deep with the government and every agency looking at blockchain technologies.
Do you feel like a breakout is about to happen?
Will there be coloration between the upcoming events in china where Dongfei will be?