So we finally had a decentralised 'currency' that freed us from debt, control and the central banks.
I almost had hope that humanity can be free.
But of course, we will never be free.
Within just a few years, the Bilderbergers and Illuminati have control over BTC.
For a moment, I thought the people might actually win with Bitcoin Cash, but alas, it looks like core cannot be killed.
We can never be free.
Is there any hope?
Monero desu
you are srsly a moron
People are eventually gonna move to bch because of the fees of bitcoin and transfer times and blockstream jews
BCH was the Bilderbergers last roll of the dice to kill a future where Bitcoin has emancipated real people from their cash cartel.
They put half a trillion USD into the project and it just fed the warrior-god-angel-beast that they were trying to kill.Bitcoin, now and forever: killing illuminati infiltrators with its benign grace and mathematic elegance.
http://dcg.co/portfolio/http://dcg.co/who-we-are/fucking moron...
what bullshit this post is.
Do you know who really owns Blockchain?
*Blockstream
and also the blockchain company
Sigh........ We are always going to be slaves until the revolutions start, unfortunately people are dumb, and that media and govournment schooling keeps them that way
4375481>commerce entities invest in blockchain tech>"The Jews have bought the blockchain!
"You fucking cretins.
What stops them from owning monero...

ANY kind of money will be eventually controlled by (((them))).
We must destroy monetary system.
We're getting crypto communism as soon as Vitalik decides to stop fucking kids
so much stupidity everywhere
Pro-tip: if we would take all the money and bitcoins from "the jews", "the bilderbergers", and "the lizards", within a couple of generations, their descendants would own everything again, and your decendants would be here, whining the same old communist song.Because statisticaly speaking, you simply suck and can't stop blaming others.
ThisBtc is shit>wait hours for confirmation>high fees
that was cringy slave anon
If you're talking about technology.
Altcoins are faster still and have better tech (asic resistance, alternative consensus algorithms i.e proof of stake is more ecologically friendly, confidential transactions, etc).
Do you stay awake thinking about how you can present real problems into your dis-info moron babble.
Bitcoin is brought in U.S dollars.
Occupy movement was hijacked by the jews and /pol/ is pissed about it
Core will be killed.
Do what you can and convert your money away from the bilderberg coin.
opposing the NWO is communismyou fucking retard, the NWO is closer to communism than the free market.
The NWO hates competition.
They gain all their wealth and power by shutting down competition through the government and other means.
Delusional.
How can you be this dense?
Do some fucking research you retard.
opposing communist commisars controlling the world they secured after ww2 is communism
>muh big blocks