I've been working on my own algo for months and it hasn't done shit for me, but I tweaked a few settings and suddenly it's up 20% in the last few days.
I think I'm finally dialed in.
My robot butler is going to personally serve me up my first crypto million while I stay comfy in bed and fap all day to futa porn.
I'm gonna fucking make it, guys.Who else /algotrading/ here?
Been looking to make my own bot, what language would you recommend?
c++?
couldn't you have just held almost any alt for the same returns?
no, you fucking idiot.
it's the 'segwit2x is kill' bounce.
I wrote it in fucking php because I'm autistic, but I would probably recommend python, seems like what all the cool kids are using.
you didn't backtest your algorithms?this lmao
Python was my other choice but I'm not sure how much the difference in speed might matter.
wrote it in php>doesnt backtest>will go all in now because of the alt bouncenigga you could have picked random shit out of a hat and made 30% gains yesterday.
looking forward to hearing how your butler sold bought 1 LINK for 10 BTC because you fudged a decimal.
If you're writing a program to manage large amounts of money the only language you should be using is Rust or if you're autistic, Ada.
4278340No, fuck all you, I backtest all my shit on multiple chunks of data to make sure I'm not just overfitting to a line.I don't think speed matters too much, PHP can backtest a case on two months of 5-minute candles for 200 coins in about 10 seconds.
Suits my needs just fine.
Sound good then.
I hope you know what you're doing anon
Alright nice.
One more question, do you have to pull all the exchange data yourself in real time?
Some exchanges API's I've seen don't keep say the 5 minute data for longer than a certain period.
I hold the positions for usually 6-12 hours and it's not imperative to check them every microsecond for movement.
I scan everything on bittrex once every five minutes, and yes, I just pull down candles from their 2.0 api.
They keep 20 days worth available, more for longer intervals.
The problem is this: Would you let a human trader who have made huge gains in the past trade with your money?
1 - It could have been simple luck.
2 - Due to the non-stationary characteristics of the market, he may fail to reach the same success.An ideal validation scheme should be able to come up with a likelihood of success (e.g.
a number between 0 and 1).
The difficulty with implementing that is what the other posters mention: Even a hodler makes great gains in some times.
One could argue that in our case, this is not limited to the segwit2x stuff.
When you zoom out enough, crypto prices just keep increasing, so you might have written a hodling bot.
you might have written a hodling botThe future is truly now.
I'm currently working on an algo with python.
I'm very interested on what metrics everyone is checking, and how often?
Personally, I intend to use purely live data, based on volume, bid, ask, open buy, open sell.
Using these 5 points I hope to make micro trades many times a day to overall cut a profit.
I am trying to create a relationship between those five metrics such that my bot can determine when to trade, and how much (which will be solely based on data within the past x minutes).Am I a retard?
Should I just use historical data to build support and resistance lines to try and have a better chance at this?
This is my first time and I know it will take a lot of failing to get it to where I want but I feel like once your bot makes 1-2%/day then you're set.