It's over
Kim Dotcom is irrelevanthe's basically a boomer
>all these scammers pumping BCrashlol I wonder how much BTC is Roger going to lose this time with all the bribing and spammingtoo bad tmsr has over 1 million BTC (and therefore 1 million BCH) ready to kill BCash at any time.
Spoken like a true core cuck.
he started fucking mining it.oh my fucking god.
Sorry, I dont speak Mandarin, Tommy Chang.
Can you translate that to English?
easy there mircea, you don't have anything close to a million btc you lunatic
Wait til MagicalTux returns with his $1 billion USD worth of bitcoin.
I wonder if people know which coin he is going to back.
fuckers are about to get FOMO'd so hard
I'm in crypto for cash and nothing more and I don't really care what happens with cyrptocurrency in general but it is quite stupid for core to fuck over the people that literally have an endless supply of bitcoins in their disposal besides you know, that one that keeps your crypto alive.And because I am only in it for the money, I hate any price disturbance and this is solely caused by core.
So fuck them.
If they agreed to 2x, BTC prices will not be like this and BCH no matter what the core fucks say will still exist and growing so now instead of having 2 stable coins, we now only have one.Stupid fucking store of value that cuts its value by more than 10% in a day.
Fucking shithead shills.
You're retarded
4307835no body fucked over anybody.
Its simple af.There was a forkWe told you Bitcoin Cash would end up on topNobody listened until they got tired of transaction times and the increasingly high feesThere will be no upgrade to 2mb and that means Bitcoin Segwit is mega fucked because its going to stay congested as hellCongestion was the problem its nothing new and BCH fixes it best
Do you know why BCC went up?It is becausa D.Va, largest korean coin pumping group.All the coins that D.Va picked,the price went up.The coin NEO was frozen,so it started off as a minus , but ultimately price went up.I will now only follow D.Va picks.t.me/DvaPump
LN coming in 2 years good sir!
fuck you bastird bitch