Pic very much related, from an AMA two days ago.
Glad that I dumped that shitcoin.
No regrets.
It literally says in the whitepaper that the tokens only confer voting rights.Dumb fucks on reddit don't do their research, and then have a fucking tantrum when the dev tells them information that was right there in front of them the whole time.
fucking idiots.
like the majority of crypto noobs, i love reading people cry about "muh investment".
didn't read tos>didn't read white paper>didn't listen to the people who did>autistic screeching anyway
dumping right now, thanks op
Don't most of them say something along these lines?
You're welcome.
What are good cryptocurrencies which would make me money and are investments that are designed to make you money?
req,xlm,xvg,cvc,zrx
investing in DNTwhoops
Team continues to explicitly disavow that token has any value whatsoever>Thirty million dollar marketcap>C...Crypto isn't a bubble guys
Thanks for the info op, it was a good time to drop this anyway
Fucking dev thinks that everyone who buys now on an exchange is bound by the same terms and conditions of those who participated in the ICO.
I held these bags for so damn long.
So glad I dropped them on bittrex as soon as trading open for 1600 sats a piece.
I love how he calls wanting DNT to have an actual function "rent seeking" lmao
The devs of this project are actually really toxic.
I hope their market value goes down so much they aren't even millionaires when their vesting periods are over.
Calling it an investment makes it a security.
Why would they do that?
They have to say that for legal reasons btard
retard didnt realize that is the same for all alts, the key is that pnd group can pnd these 'legit' coinsor OP you are the faggot fud now so your group can pnd later
4275235Bagholders
None legally.
Otherwise they'd be classified as unregistered securities.
Right now only pay
Makerdao.
Their decentralised loan system and stablecoin pays fees, denominated in sai but paid in MKR that are burned.
They've tweaked it a couple of times so they're legally in the clear, but there's still guaranteed price pressure as long as the system runs.
watch this shit somehow cause it to moon hard as fuck
Thanks anon, will avoid this shitcoin.
thanks anon, eliminated from my watchlist
Literally all of them do, for legal reasons.
ICOs are NEVER investments and any dev that tells you their token is treated like one is running a scam 100%.That said, tthe vast majority of them still have a reason for their tokens to have value, whether due to fees paid to tokenholders or simply requiring customers to hold it to purchase services or for some other benefit in said service.I don't know anything about this particular shitcoin and why its token is supposed to be valuable but I just glanced through the whitepaper and stopped when I reached the part about using their "Meme Factory" to produce "provably rare" memes.
Now I don't want to know any more.
Dump this shit.