I have just acquired $2500.
How do I turn this into a lot of money?
Buy LINK
Yea I'd go all into link.
You could easily double that in the next week of bitcoin goes sideways.
Ignore the memes.
Get bitcoin
this, buy in 37 hrs and hodl
yep hodl 1/2 btc and ALT the rest GET THEM SATS BOYEEEEEE
buy suit>get job>put it ALL into bch, and altsThe last 2 are the most important.
Even if you get a $500 a week McJob you'll end up putting $25,000 into crypto in a year, which can easily 10x with just a couple good hodl's.
Or you could gamble your $2500 into a single crypto and hope it 10x's instead of going to 0 :^)
Seems extremely risky.
Are cryptos really the only way to go right now?
It's not risky.
btw check out BLOCK.It's a guaranteed moon mission.
Link
Or you can just buy 25 shares of JP Morgan Chase at the current price (25 @ 98.19 = 2454.75), reinvest the quarterly dividends (0.56 per share), and wait 20-30 years.
Then you'll have a lot of money.
BUY PBC membership then have no money to invest.
What's happening in 37 hours?
https://coinsutra.com/bitcoin-hard-fork-segwit2x/
Buy bitcoin and become autistic and attentive to gdax.
BCH seems to have lost people's confidence, and trust is coming back to btc.
Safe bet that btc value will greatly increase by the end of 2017.
BCH has been around for 3 months and in that time surpassed Ethereum.
It's not going away anytime soon, it will come back for revenge.
If it's lost confidence, why is blockchain adding full bch support soon?
They don't just add any willy nilly alt coin.
kek
buy qtum right now it's about to 3x.
https://coinsutra.com/bitcoin-hard-fork-segwit2x/due this was cancelled.
it even says so in the article you linked.
All in on REQ, then jump from that at EoY and go all into OMG.
Congrats you're set for life.
Withdrawal cashAquire scissorsCut bills in half to double moneyIf you want to x4 cut into 4 pieces
Don't seem like sound advice
Bet on football.
I went 8-2 the past two weeks--that fucking Patriots vs Broncos game was FREE MONEY--and turned $1k into over $5k with almost zero effort.