if I lose money on this one I really give up on crypto.All fucking scams even backed up from a fucking gov and some big companies.
Is Dr. Jemma Greenclose even real name?
Anyone checked her out?I dont want to end up like fucking confido
Anon, I...
oh well I checked her twitter.. she writes article on Forbeshttps://www.forbes.com/sites/jemmagreen/2017/11/14/in-blockchain-we-trust/#7f6e61846750She is legit hopefully.
POWR is the most legit coin out there dude.You'll be fine.
You buy ATH and then when it comes down you call the project a scam?
Such as stupid investors like the rest of them, give me your money, you're probably the people who buy my bags at those prices
i bought at $0.40 but I rally don't like those swings.
it looked like a fucking steady run but swings like that are not from a legit company.
you don't fucking see MICROSOFT OR APPLE 30% swing in a fucking day
Holy fuck you're stupid, go do stock then if you don't want volotility or big swings.
Get the fuck off crypto if you don't like it.
as someone who went all in on ETH at $18....it's hard to tell the difference between a swing and a gigantic uptick
did they say the same for eth all the way?
POWR is making up everything I've ever lost and then some.
It's legit and will get up to $1.50 in the not too distant future
most legit coin out thereMan if I had a satoshi for everytime I've seen this shit on biz...
are you fucking retarded?
POWR is one of the best buys out there (short or long term).
6k sats or whatever it is at now is dirt cheap.
expect this to hit 10-15k in the coming months.im also hearing that there may be a hong kong sanctioned PnD tonight.
not sure if i want to take part in that though
the girl is basically a pretty face.
yes she has 2 meme masters degrees apparently.
i have a feeling shes just a privileged rich girl who coasted through college on mommy and daddys money.
if you read her profile, shes basically an investment banker.
she doesnt really know fuck all about blockchain or about energy
thisLost 50 dollars on that cancerous potcoin for being a retard, but POWR made me earn most of it back in a couple of minutes
ok after some brief reading, this might actually be the first legit coin I've seen on biz in months...
I'm down about 20% nowkinda pissed
it is trash, but it ticks more boxes than a lot of the shit we have been seeing.
it's finished now though if you havn't taken profits already you have missed
Just always remember ONE fucking thing.
Never go in FOMO
when did u buy in at?
u just gotta be patient.
this is a real company, so expect slow but steady growth.
its not a shitcoin that gets pumped and dumped by chinks.
except it was literally pumped and dumped by chinks before PBC which has caused it to lose momentum.
They shouldn't bother with it again now tho.
It was an easy target.
It should either steadily rise or slowly fall.
Now the hype has been destroyed by the P&D its anybody's guess.
The fundamentals are still there so it stands a chance of rallying but with no working product to use the POWR on for months, it might be a bust for a while.
We will know by tomorrow.
A slow creep back up or a slow creep back down.
Somebody should make some He-Man 'I have the POWR' memes and spread them around plebbit, twatter, and on here.
That should help it back up.
I'm going back to bed.
man biz is so full of fucking retards.
So whats the point of coins/tokens?
What gives them value?
The fact you will be able to buy your power with POWR???
All this crap about PnDs, fucking people losing it over PBC - what the fuck is wrong with you idiots?
Oh - its done - it pumped hard - move on to the next shitcoin just to lose again
POWR is used to generate money from the solar grid.
The company is legit and if they can set up a real working model then it will be similar to NEO but with energy generation where you use your POWR tokens to generate KH which are sold for $$$ or a gas like token.
It is 100% legit and just depends on if they can get it up and running.
They seem to be doing well so far.
even backed up from a fucking gov and some big companies.Are you trying to imply this makes it more trustworthy?
honestly why are you here if you post shit like that OP?The ideals of crypto are being diluted more and more everyday by money chasers.
if you cant trust this i dont think you can trust anything at all.
You must be new to crypto?
Coins swing hard all day every day.
The government and big companies are why crypto fucking exist you mongoloid.
Jesus fucking christ.
They're both swindling theives, NOT someone I'd trust.
ok so you trust some pajeet in his basement with his crypto bought on fivrr
>coin was at 0.15 cents mere weeks ago>now push 1$>anon buys>theres no way ill lose money on this right?lold
No, I'm picky as fuck.
And you should be too.
so what you have against this coin?
if you cant pick this you can't pick any
this is gonna flatline for 1+ months, hold around $.34 until more news of actualized growth of the Western Aussie Energy Grid using POWR or the PoS Dev blows Vitalek out on twitter again.
You're gonna get shilled into FUD sales unless you're comfortable hanging on into mid 2018 for the (possible) moon shot.t.
Newfag who learned his lesson early>thanks for the education ya aussie cunt.
Lol you fucking idiots that don't research coins.
POWR literally will be a top10 2018.
Most legitimate project out there.
This.
Power Ledger is LITERALLY the most legitimate cryptocurrency on the market right now.
I cannot believe people are still debating whether or not to invest in it.