What is the best tax haven for living AND keeping your money safe?
Isle of man?
Lmao, I didn't know that the Isle of Man was a tax haven, for me it was just a isle where the craziest guys on the planet go to die on a motorbike.
Much respect to them by the way, those guys are insane.
WELL that's a good sign i guess.
What is this motorbike thing?
Sorry for late reply i am in the office.
Grabbing all your money and buying Monero.
The race is named Tourist Trophy or TT.
When you have time watch a few videos on youtube about it, it's really worth it, just to appreciate the level of madness these guys are on.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQW5DAOpoA4&index=76&list=FL27vzXWhw5EFO2_X31uBX4Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shACArW6Etg&index=33&list=FL27vzXWhw5EFO2_X31uBX4Q
Yes i understand that this board is actually just a cryptocurrency board with /pol/ users like myself but i am not just rich i have a business so i can't use all my money on such things no matter how blockchainy it is.
But thanks for the advice.Pic is another paradise called St Helena, it's nice but with only 6 000 residents and just this gray valley i don't really know if it will be worth it to live there...
St. Kitss its where Roger Ver is too
Thank you i'll watch them now in my lunch.
It adds another point for Isle of Man, 80 000 people and nice nature with a motorbike race, seems nice.
Ethnic groups: African descent, Indo-Pakistani, British, Portuguese, Lebanese.Yeah nice island with 40 000, not bad really but i get a bad feeling when it's mainly africans there.
What is the tax?
Any on income or wealth?
How much business tax?
Jeeesus, those guys are crazy risktakers.
Would be fun to go out there on raceday and witness the madness.
Yeah that was rather fast on country roads with rows of trees on each side.
43929612 deaths per year on average during the whole event.
That is a lot but it has to be nuanced as they actually do quite a bit of mileage and there are several categories competing.
A lot of accidents too, but those who can walk after them usually are back the next year.Yeah, when I'll have the time and especially the money I'll go there, to watch at least but the real thrill would be to compete (even though the eligibility is drastic).
I think it's between Ireland with 12 % tax and Isle of Man with 0 % now, not just for the bikes but been looking around the internet.
Yeah I went a bit off topic, I don't know much about financial paradises sorry, I just saw the flag and it reminded me of the race haha.
No problem it was nice.