Do you do acid?Do you get financial insights during your trip?
Degenerates should be banned from this board.Enjoy dying early.
It makes me buy high
trading crypto is better than any drug
Fpbp
I took mushrooms a month or two back and it made me realise how stupid it was that I hadn't taken any profit.
Took out a significant portion of my ETH gains.
Felt great, now my future is set and I still have money in the system.
Basically it helped me to not be greedy.
Yes, I eat my money and shit out gains.
I'm on the moon right now
Last time I did a bunch of acid I started thinking about bitcoin and couldn’t stop laughing at the thought of all the worlds money being hidden in bitcoin/Monero one day.
Seriously, how is this not inevitable?
What is degenerate with replacing serotonin for a while?crypto trader behavior is same as junkie behavior
take acid>penis shrinks>realize I am God
the dude who discovered acid lived to over a hundred years olddna was discovered on acid
Bitcoin forks>Organzied attack to rob BTC of hashtags>Everyone loses confidence in BTC>Everyone converts back to fiatBasically what’s already going on.
It’ll only get worse in the future.
Actually this is too true.
I used to smoke alot of weed and take every drug available at parties.
After i started trading crypto that shit just wasn't appealing anymore.
Why would i buy for 100$ worth of weed when i can invest that shit in monero or some shit?
Last time i took acid I became the blockchain.
Then it wormholed into another dimension with long, tall looking things laughing at me.
Making me feel small and irrelevant like if they knew we are all part of a silly game.
Albert Hoffman the person that invented LSD, and took it a fuck ton mind you, lived to 102 fucking years old with a sound mind... he was confirmed micro dosing the last two decades of his life.
I think it's safe to say LSD should be researched a little more instead of dismissed entirely.
Dont respond to bait
I think trading crypto gives you a buzz.
Its an addiction.
If you are smart enough to get gainz its best kind of adiction.
If you cant get gainz, buzz of other drugs is better and cheaper.
There is a huge difference between realizing the benefits of micro-dosing and being a irresponsible kid doing thumbprints in the middle of the woods.
Until people learn to actually respect hallucinogenics, we will never implement them in our daily lives.
Kek
Get back to work jeff sessions
Hey grandpa, weed, heroin and LSD are all very different things.
I'm very addicted to crypto now.
It gives me a great wholesome buzz..
So far i have doubled my money in two month..
The rush is real!if your friends are hooked on drugs, then fuck rehab, get them into crypto.
Dying early from non toxic compounds
this
when eth hits $500 in a few months..
Last time I tripped I actually had thi idea for how wealth, through smart contracts and blockchain, will be able to “bleed” from your crypto wallets into the Internet of Value (IoV) that Ripple and Iota love to pander.
I drove my friends to this mountain where we hiked and thought about how I could ask for gas money; I didn’t but I usually do.
But with smart contracts built into the car or some app on my phone that tracks distance or something like that, everyone in the car could split the gas costs automatically, having the funds be instantly deducted from each rider’s wallets equally, taking into account factors like the miles per gallon of the car and the distance traveled.
Didn’t think about it at the time but you could even have the Chainlink network act as the oracle for verifying all those various data points.
The concept of money being fluid just like, well, an actual physical fluid, as a result of cryptocurrency, made crystal clear sense to me.
You could make it into multiple kinds of forms like coding an app to have some kind of game-type mechanic where swipes on the screen correlate directly into an amount of xyz coin you beam wirelessly to another person.
Maybe like harder and quicker swipes result in more coinz being sent.
Or maybe you could provide a reverse incentive by setting an initial total amount of coinz to contribute to a session in the game, and the harder you swipe, the less coins get sent as a total, so you & the other person would be competing by playing harder to AVOID outspending the other.
Idk mayne.
So many possibilities by basically turning currency into an API, so to speak
Quick, anon, apply for a job at Activision.
I think they’d like to hear about this.
I tend to agree it seems inevitable, energy is such a true currency, we should just be trading representations of Joules, tho its hard to account for thought and consciousness that goes into creating an object(i.e.
how do you represent that in joules) I guess the market would find a wayIt also depends on if you think the future will be cyberpunk or not, it could wind up with just a small collection of people breaking the law and trading illicitly on the internet and theyre fighting the might of the government (basically whats happening right now as we speak)
Never had a financial though on acid!
You have no idea what you're talking about lel.
Get fucking back do /pol you stupid bootlicker
So you could invest that shit in monero or some shit and then buy your drugs
yeahbut I don't think it could ever give you financial insightsother than perhaps changing your attitude to risk and general strategyI could really do with the afterglow to cheer me up for another few months, but I'm stressed/depressed/low self esteem atm so I worry that tripping would make me insanely ashamed of myself
I share my acit trip influenced coin picks on this group:https://discord.gg/MmXHNwGAnd they're never wrong.
who else /microdosing/
lsd is one of the safest drugs around.
kek
Mushrooms and LSD are completely unaddictive and non dangerous.
Alcohol is far more toxic and addictive.
Heroin and Crack aren't the same as Acid just because they are both called drugsStay away from weed though
You can OD from shrooms
no you literally can't.
your stomach isn't big enough.
you can overdose on pure Psilocybin, but not on shrooms.
What about concentrated tea?
I tripped and realized that we are in a simulation and that we will be in a simulation again .
Let me spare you the details and sayAll in 50x leverage diversified tech stocksThank me when you transcend your physical body (or dont) I realized after that you cannot be happier than where you are now (with pain)Don't ask whyJust be happy you can suffer.
youd have to drink a fuckton.
the theraputic index is thought to be over 1000:1
crypto trader behavior is same as junkie behaviorLmao this hits close to home.
Replaced an opiate addiction with a crypto/day trading addiction.Probably lost less with opiates.
This brings up an interesting point, anyone here an addict?Is there any correlation between day trading and addiction/addictive personalities?
I guess day trading is very similar to gambling, with all the rush that comes with it.Fuuuuck and I've been trying to avoid my junkie ways by going face first into day trading, when it seems like I'm only feeding the beast
Do you do it regularly?Ive tried microdosing lsd a couple times, and the results were nice, but it didnt really seem worth it to schedule long termwhy weed?
i need to quit so give me motivation
Anyone know how to order acid in Canada?
health is your most precious possession anon, dont screw it
weed doesn't actually do any of the shit people says it does and you probably hate being high without realizing it.
Yeah I only just realised that, legit about a week ago after 2 years of daily opiates (+ 2 more years of other shit).Quit my job as a software engineer (if I'm gonna be a junkie I'm at least gonna be functional), withdrew some savings from crypto, now I'm going to live in the fucking woods for a few months and focus on personal projects/fitness/CRYPTO YO.
gotchu senpai https://lysergi.com/index.php/1p-lsd.html
success is a drug.
work is a drug.
exercise is a drug.
everyone's an addict, but some people do shitty drugs like mcdonalds and procrastination, and other people do good drugs like making friends and working hard.
Sounds goods.
Just dont do more drugs.
Every single druggie regrets it sooner or later.
No exceptions.
Not true at all.
You can do anything you want if you have self control and an education about it.
Don't project your own inadequacies onto other people my dude.
What does this have to do with business
4386306As I've found out, this depends entirely on the person/situation/environment.I (for the longest time) had great self control and was well educated (weak pharmacology background), but drugs change how you think (without you noticing).
After a while I stopped caring about the negatives, while being realistic about what would happen, I was just way passed caring (because the only joy I felt had to be chemically induced, my brain was no longer capable of providing it on its own).If you're in a good place and have good self control, then yes you can do anything.
But this can change all to quickly
yes you can do as you please.
Im sure you can live a happy and fulfilling life as a serial murderer and rapist, if thats your kind of thing.
As long as you are proffessional, have self control on your killing sprees and are educated about it.
Right?Freedom to do something doesnt mean you should.
You are free to do so, but others will always be there to remind of the consequences.mfw when people actually defend life on opiates
Usually when I do acid and think about money I am disgusted with how obsessed I am with money.
I promise myself to be different then slowly go back to normal greedy fuck.
Fucks with your chemistry.
Im sure you become numb to everything but the dose.
Yes you could maybe live on opiates, but you'd be a wreck inside and thats no life.
killing someone for self defense is justified and rational.
opiates are used globally for almost all major surgeries.
I'll give you rape, but there's literally nothing wrong with using opiates a few times in your lifetime and in the right context.
Absolutely accurate, and this is what's so scary.You'll numb over time, but slow enough such that you'll numb to the change as well.
It's not so much that you're a wreck inside, it's that you're a wreck everywhere else.
The only thing that matters to you is opiates, so much so that everything else decays around you.
+1
I'd rather be in the creatives/expressions?
I buy a shitload of 1P-LSD with litecoin and microdose with 20ug daily.I have since gained the insight that you can buy 1P-LSD with litecoin from reputable sources, so I bought more litecoin, and then it went 2x.
Also microdosing is fucking ace buoy.
Are you me?
We are weak.