Serious question guys.I posted this reply on another thread but it got buried.Banks and institutions who have been buying into BTC are closed for trading on weekends.
This BCH bullshit was deliberately scheduled to occur over the weekend.Now that everyone knows BTC can be crippled and the markets manipulated by a few faggots, what's preventing Wall Street from backing out knowing full well they're not the ones pulling the strings for once.I'm genuinely curious if tomorrow's charts are gonna look like Nicki Minaj's menstrual cycle on a heavy day and how long it's gonna last.Is this the turning point where regulators step in?I'm not worried about alts too much considering we have ETH pairings literally everywhere as a fall back and will eventually recover.
But how likely is the possibility crypto falls into oblivion for a long while?Pic related of BTC tomorrow.
Discuss - no faggotry pls as we're all in this together.
Why do people take pictures of their monitors?
I don't understand this.
protip: it's going to be a fucking bloodbath
btc price changed 15% and the blockchain got a little backed up.circuit breakers happen with equities on big news once in a while.
it isn't a big deal.
I took a SS to send to co-worker.
It's gay I know but was the quickest way.
You have clearly no idea about the markets.
You really think banks and institutions don't have the ability to trade in the weekend?
Trust me, they can trade everything if they have access and have a low amount of people working in weekends to trade FX for example.
So cryptocurrencies wouldn't be any problem neither for them.
% Rebecca.
Only a dumb bitch can be this dramatic.
This is fucking fun crypto has been boring lately
Hardly dramatic.
Did I post wojacks, memes, or aaahhhhhh?
No so go jack off you useless lonely fuck if you don't have anything constructive to add.
The idea that financial institutions, hedge funds, anyone with a grand in crypto just stops working on Saturday/Sunday is pants shitting retarded.
You're screaming that the sky is falling and sound like an idiot.
You're ruining this board along with pajeet.
>weak handed fucks have been swarming biz this weekendalso this