TL;DR: Man in the middle attackA few days ago the owners have removed their website's SSL encryption.
This is a HUGE RED FLAG.In english: The website used to be https://astronaut.capitol.
It is now http://www.astronaut.capitol.
This leaves all of your secure information sent to the website UNENCRYPTED and open for man-in-the-middle attacks.Be careful out there.
Isn't that because they recently created the post-ICO site?
I have a background in web application development.There is NO REASON, I repeat: NO REASON WHATSOEVER to have your website on http -- even moreso when it was previously on https.
Chrome recently started preventing users from making payments on their browser when the website is running HTTP -- that is how serious it is.
why would anyone use http?other than to steal peoples information
you don't send any information on their website????
There is no place to give them information.
They changed that because they had SSL on the ico site and they just re-did it.
The SSL version will be up soon they said
I caught on to this and decided not to invest after some shilling insane here on biz
This is some pretty weak FUD.They switched the site post-ICO so people would stop trying to log on to the token sale.There's nothing on the current site that requires encryption.According to the Telegram, it's basically a placeholder until the tokenholder web app / iOS app is launched.
It's still pumping.
I don't think your FUD is going to get it back down to ICO so you can buy.
You guys are idiots, the site is:https://www.astronaut.capital/not https://astronaut.capital/LOL @ OP
EXPLAIN THIS OP.
>TRYING TO FUD TO BUY IN CHEAP.
THIS SHIT IS MOONING
4399054OP is pissed that he's got to pay 3X ICO price now (and that's probably the floor)
That's not how a MITM attack worksSSL certificate probably expired or somethingContact the webmaster ffs
Holy shit you have no ducking clue what are you talking aboutYou know ssl certificates expire right?
This has to be bait.
The site has a WWW.
in it, without it the site doesnt load FFS.https://www.astronaut.capital/
Strap in, Astronauts
https://imgur.com/FSimua0
I have a background in web application development.top kek
3xMake that 4x ICO
Bump
And now it's bumped up to 0.01 ETH / 4.7x ICO