Anyone else invested in crypto for the most white knight beta of reasons?
I know a lot of people in biz are in it for the lambos or escaping wagecucking but are there other anons like me who is risking it in crypto for because of a beta goal?
This is an anonymous board so dont let the fake alphamales get to your head, feel free to let it out.
I'll start with myself.
years old>fell in love with an escort>risking it all in crypto to make it big and save her from the kneepad meme
that is fucking stupid OP, somebody needs to tell you.I'm in crypto to retire my parents on a lake somewhere.
Hi Richard Gere.Buy Link.
.
This is a white knight investor thread.
I'm sure im not the only one in this high-risk game for beta reasons.
GTFO this is the only place we can let our feels out and not try to act like a fratboy.
So you're doing this because of a chemical in your brain that bonds you to someone who will suck every man's dick for money?
I mean seriously what kind of person are you?
You do realise this girl don't want saving and probably have a lot of internal problems she will use you then leave you
How about using this money on a gym subscription.
I promise you that will change your life and keep you away from being beta for life.
Beta is a cause of low testoterone
To be fair, I'll admit i watched pretty woman back in high school.REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE why cant you let us have just one thread where we can let our feels out.
Its so hard to trade crypto alone thinking that you're the only one doing it for reasons that would be considered as beta.
To be fair, I'll admit i watched pretty woman back in high school.>replied to my post instead of yours anon sorry about that
Is she as beautiful Julia, OP?
:3I bet she is.
No, her hair is like this.
WTF where are my fellow betas?
Dont tell my im the only one investing in crypto for beta reasons....
Doing it to buy a house in the south of france for the pleasure of my family and friends.
You need to reconsider your life choices OP.
I only do this so i can have a lot of fuck you money and fuck as many different bitches as possible
for family and friendsThats not a white knight reason.
This thread is about investing in crypto for a oneitis or in other words any specific female.
Typical dream.
Meanwhile we are doing it for something as pure as unconditional love which should be admirable.
this and to live freely without thinking of money
"pure"you want money to get a chick (which is a prostitute)this is not white knight it's straight retardedif it was "pure" there would be no money in between, she'd stop sucking cock to be with you, and you could still make it, together.
that shit is pureyou're probably the same dud from that thread the other daybut you called her striper not escort
you guys probably just like kicking betas like us when were down.
thats why you're barging in a "white knight investor general" thread.
does it make you feel powerful to mock your fellow man?
He's just telling you the truth anon.
Do you know if this whore wants to be "saved"?
She could be perfectly happy with her work and you're trying to take it away from her.
Why would she ever love you back?My parents are already well off so I'm doing this to give myself the financial freedom to travel the world.
OP tell me where you live so I can fuck your hooker
I'm not mocking you, I'm just trying to help you get your shit straightI don't beat people, I talk to peopleif I insulted you is because what you're doing is so stupid and you would realize that if oyu had someone close to talk it to (actually speak the words you writed)she's not worthy, you'll probably not make it with this attitude eithereither yous top thinking about that woman or you go and try to be with her without all this bullshit.do you even have a connection with her?
I don't think so.
You're probably just alone and like tpo have someone to talk to.
You don't need money, you need people around you
OP tell me where you live so I can fuck your hookerThis is exactly why i need my coins to moon so i can save her already fuuuuuuuuuuuck
aaand you're talking about moonsNOT GONNA MAKE IT
You're probably just alone and like tpo have someone to talk to.
You don't need money, you need people around youI'm a NEET so i dont talk to other people aside from the occasional phone call from my mom.
REEEEEEEEEEEE where the fuck are my fellow white knights?
Am i.... truly alone in this goal
you're not a NEET, you're just autistic or somehingface it and move on, it's not the end of the world
You are truly alone.
This is lower than beta make shit because real gets are in crypto to ascend out of beta status.
You're a goddamn gamma male trying to reach beta status lmao
Where the fuck will i even get a hot girlfriend?
Dating hookers means surely dating hot women and they are women too so they will fall in love eventually.
This is lower than beta make shit because real gets are in crypto to ascend out of beta status.
What are you even talking about?
captain save a hoe
Typos.
This is lower than beta male shit because betas try to ascend out of their beta status.
This is lower than beta male shit because betas try to ascend out of their beta status.>Non-alphas trying to become alpha through cryptoThose are budding alpha males not betas.
making money doesn't make you alpha.
But it helps you in the journey
Whatever, ill just sulk in my room while waiting for LINK, SALT, and REQ to moon faggots.
Hopefully my fellow white knights will be here when i get back.
I'm holding no matter what.
This is the only way i can save her from the kneepad meme.
So you are betting it all on luck in hopes that you will spend the rest of eternity with someone who literally sells what you desire because she has no emotional attachment to anyone else because she is a vapid whore?
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
Have you ever considered for one second that your desperation is plaguing you and the reason you are such a pathetic person is because you actually don't care about yourself?
Face it anon, no one wants to spend their lives dealing with a man-child.
Do your part.
Love yourself.
Invest in yourself.
Fulfill your potential.
Then you won't have to buy whores.
Real, legitimate women will want to be with you because they know you are dependable.
That's better than OP but still pretty damn beta
where we can let our feels outOP you are destined to fail.
If you're getting emotional over a call girl, you're going to get very emotional about your trading.
And an emotional trader is a broke trader.
I'm holding SALT till it moons this Q4 2017 to Q1 2018>I'm holding LINK till 2019>I'm holding REQ till 2019I'm holding on so i can save her.
This world is unfair, why does she have to be in the kneepad meme.
If she's an "escort" she can afford to save herself after just a year or two of working as one.She probably spends a lot of unnecessary money and that will continue after you "save her".
Enjoy a foreverbleeding bank account.
That is, if she doesn't divorce you and take half your stuff, which is probably a blessing in disguise because at least the other half your stuff is protected from her spending then.I'm sure you'll give her access to all your accounts too, including passwords for your wallets.
She will sell imminent moon missions to buy shoes.The vast majority of escorts can't be saved financially.
Unless you're the absolute richest fag that she can't outspend as his trophy wife no matter how hard she tries.
How do i even change anon.
Ive been like this since highschool, i tried all the redpill shit and im still like this.
Good holds though.
Just please, if you marry her, get a prenuptial.
You don't really know her that well.
Don't remove your ability to be in control of your own life.
Uhhh i know you fags are going to trashtalk me hard for this but.... we only met/fucked once....
Now I know you're a LARP.Either that or beyond saving by people on an anonymous decentralized distributed vegetarian couscous restaurant.If it's cheap or subsidized or on your health insurance where you are, seek professional help from a psychologist.
It doesn't help everyone with every kind of problem but something tells me their methods might help with you.
More than an hour in, and im still the only fucking in this thread.
fuck my life.
I am in crypto So my fiance can quit her job and focus on her art without having to worry about anything.
I'm not LARPing faggot.
Ive been eyeing her for several weeks now.
But i only got to go out with her once because the other clients got to her first.
We spent the whole day together, with no extra payment.
We went to dinner, movies and shit.
fell in love with an escort How is ANYONE this beta?
Not even betas are this beta.
You're a fucking omega.
Kill yourself.
4368113Also i fuck a lot of escorts too, so we are both promiscuous... for now
gonna blow my fortune on "saving" a girl who literally sucks dicks for moneyYou do realize that in the best case scenario she sees you as a sugar daddy?
You can't save chicks like that.
What do you even mean by "save"?
You're gonna put her up and make her your housewife?
She'll take whatever you'll give and leave, because she hates men and can't trust them.
You're falling in love with any girl you talk to that isn't your mom.
Download Christian Mingle or something you omega cuck Only God can save you now which means you're never getting saved anytime soon.
implying she's doing it for the money
anonymous decentralized distributed vegetarian couscous restaurantWhy isn't this a thing?
OP, admit that you feel like there is some tragic but romantic and noble virtue in being like you are.Admit that you feel kind of proud of it.When you admit that to yourself, you can start wondering why you're leaning on something to build self-esteem that also ruins your self-esteem at the same time in other ways and leads to really bad life choices.
I'm probably gonna let my gf give up work thanks to my gains OP.Dunno how white knight that is.
I kind of turned into a bitter Jew over years.
So that is still hard parting with money
l̖͉ͦ̍̇ö͙̳͎̹͇̈́̄ͮl̞̪̫͈ͤͪ͛͒ͅ ̮̉͜h̸̜͍̙͚̐̓ͣ̒o̵͓̗̬̼̖̤ͮͩ̾̎̾̌͋l̖͙̟̳̭͚̹ͤͯ̋͗ͯ̾͌͝y̛͈̜̭̯ͧͤ̎ͩ̾̚ ͚̓ͭͨf̽̓ͨ̐̈́u͈̜̘ͨc̭̜͓̋k͎͍͂̎̉ ̷͕̬̹̠͓͚̿̓̐͌ͭͩİ ͇̞͇̆͑̂̋̀w̓̓͡o̭̜̻͎͢u̶̳̮̤͎͇͒ͧl̝̯̪̳̓̓ͤ̍̚͟d͈̼̤̿ͮ̇͝ ͇̠̺̩͙̐̓s͔͙̘͈̿̃̈̈́ͪ̊ä̘̰́͋͌͊̊̄ͨy̪͉̓̈̓͐̐̐͆,̻̱͎̦̊̿́̊̉̎͘ ͖̯͉̫͛̓̌́͟"͈̫̜̟ͣ̐͒̄̚k̛̳̥̮ͣ͗ͩ̓y̟̟̠͠s̫̜̉̔ͤ́ ͍̙ͤf̺̞̱̄͒͆a̘͈̩̫͊̾̓͐ͣg͑̂̉̆̓ͫg̺̝͓̗̱͇ͨ̈̿̍ͨ̈́o̵̺̖̣̩̯t̞̩͚̓̍͛̔ͧͣ,͙̟̱͈"͍̐̉̉ ̜̥ͦͣ̄ͬ̐̏ͅb̡̪̫̮̰̼̦̐u̹͔̱̠͖͈̪t̔ͣ̎͋ͧ̍͌͜ ̃ͣ̊ͯ͛͋̕y̍ͦo̗̙͇ͣ̏ú̹̗͉̣̯͇̺'̰̥̩̪̭̓̈́̉̔̒̋̃v̜̓̋̄̚e̡͕ͨ̔ ̬̟͟p̯r̸͇͊͗ͤ͌͐̓ō̫ͣ͊̒̽b͎͛ͅa̖̬̹̯̣͆̄̃͂ͅb̜̠̻͖͚̏̎̽l̟̜͑̊̌ͪ̈̈́̂ỵ̵̮̫̞̮̦ͪ́̄̓̚ ̟̞̑̍ͮ̓b̙̭̪̳̹̪͍é̒ͭͪ͑ͫͯȇ͈͈̪̹͇̍ͣn̨̹̬͙̟̼̈́ͯ̑͛ͅ ̸͍̪̤̮ͣg̭̤̗̘i͍̺̳̜̥̻̖ͯ̀̈́̿v̮̤̝̥̮͉i͌n̯̜̮̟̝͕̜ͯͤͯ͞g͎̯̩͖̦̍͆̄ͅ ̂ͅm͚̉ĕ̥͈͚̬̳͉͒̉ ̖͉̖͈̘͎̌̈́̐̕y̓̚o͔̦͔̳̤̜̐͊ͦ̚ͅu̫̙̹̬̾r͈̝̝͉̂͐ͯͨ̈ͭ̌ ̗͙ͦ̎͑̒m͔̕o̢̔n̷͙̺̱̮̦̜͊́̇͋ͫ̂ëͣy̵̹̹͕̣͑͂̐͌̃ ̻̬̠̱͋͂̽̓̏t̵̓ó̧ͧ͋͒̚ỏ͇̫̽̓̾̀̂ͩ́!̨̤͔͙̝̯ͦ ̫͕̯͂͆ͬ̓ͤ̒͋<̋̍ͮͬ̈ͣ3̔ͪ ̡̖̝̜̥̐̈́̚<̵͙̠͕̮̱̋ͭ͗ͭ̓̈́3̝̭̞͍ ͉̠̬͟<̺̼ͧͪ̇ͪͩ͊͡3̭͆̏͠
Post escort stories
OP, admit that you feel like there is some tragic but romantic and noble virtue in being like you areyeah i admit, i kinda enjoy this shit.
thats why reading about the red pill didnt change my white knight beta mindset.
https://illimitablemen.com/2015/12/16/the-awalt-misconception/OP she doesn't want you to save her and will despise you for trying.
The worst thing is you will never know she does even if you think you're succesful in wooing her.
Go see this film.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9770lB6E2M
What the fuck is that movie?
I suggest you watch this and be open minded for once.
you will NEVER make it.
I'm holding SALT till it moons this Q4 2017 to Q1 2018>>I'm holding LINK till 2019>>I'm holding REQ till 2019I'm going to make it.
And I'm going to make it with HER.
open minded>richard gere>julia robertsNigger those 2 people are a buddhist and a hindu respectively; maybe you should stop trying to live a Hollywood story and start trying be a real Aryan.
What are you going to do when she instantly divorces you and takes your fortune?
I won't even meme you for being lonely and desperate, I respect the beta feels.
But you aren't thinking this through at all.
She's a literal whore, there is no type of woman on Earth who has a higher chance of fucking you over.
She could be Jewish.
What are you going to do when she instantly divorces you and takes your fortune?Even normal women will fuck you over so whats the point?
You think the 51% divorce rate is caused majorly by ex-hookers?
Id say its even more likely for a non-hooker to divorce you because she can always find a another man.
But for a hooker, its much harder for someone to accept her previous background.
mfw she takes half your crypto and says she's a crypto trader>mfw she goes from /biz/ beta to /biz/ beta accumulating coinage in exchange for blowjobs>mfw she is the best /biz/ trader of all time
But for a hooker, its much harder for someone to accept her previous background.kek there are a million other betas who would settle down with her.
at least with a normal woman it's only a 50% chance of getting fucked over, with an established gold digger it's a 99% chance
kek there are a million other betas who would settle down with heryou just proved my point.
my only competition would be betas.
meanwhile with a non-hooker ill be competing with alphas and betas which means there is a higher chance of divorce.
mate not trying to be a dick but that is retarded.
If you give her money she will take it and run.
You obviously don't realise what your doing is also beta manipulation I.E >I give her money to retire than she has to suck my dicknot how it works buddy, I doubt you'll make it but if you do don't be surprised when she leaves
but all betas are equally repulsive to women, so your fortunes are the only thing that give you value.
so why would she stay with just one meager fortune (yours)?
when she could leave you, take your fortune, and then jump to the next beta to drain.
then take his fortune, go to the next one, etc.
there is no reason for her to stay when she'll get exponentially more money for leaving and money is the only reason shes with you in the first place.
/thread
Because im fucking good looking!!!
but not top tier.
i just dont meet women that much but i get laid in bars (though they are not as pretty as the hooker).
I'm above average in height and have a good face although im getting fat.
A lot of women in bars comment on it but they are not my type.
They are not as hot as this hooker who is totally my type.
You're fucking stupid OP.
I thought this would be about goals that aren't about fucking whores, or doing blow.
Is she the one you lost your virginity to?
Either way fuck more escorts until you realize that they're just escorts.
If you want a pretend wife then just buy one of those mail order ones.
glad to know there are fellow betas out there op, don't let them get you downi posted my story last night and got laughed at by everyone>be 27 y/o virgin>go to strip club>girl seems to actually be interested in me, not typical stripper shit>she gives me my first kiss even though it's strictly against the rules, we make out and I'm sure I'm awkward but she just smiles and is polite and says how cute she thinks i am (i think she was being serious again not just typical customer talk)>she gives me her number and we text back and forth all weekendI think she really loves me.
She just seems so interested in me but due to my own insecurities and complexes I feel I'm not worthy of her unless I'm rich.
I want to take her to music festivals and buy her gucci bags and shit.She has a kid but I'm sure we can drop it off on the dad or grandma or something when I make it.
I don't feel bad for stealing your lunch money now.
OH GOD FINALLY, a fellow beta.
I told you guys, im not alone!
What will you do next bro?
will you ask her out?
Are you also in crypto to save her?
4366855This hurts to read.
If she was really interested in you, you two would be dating right this very minute.
If she invites you back to the club, she is grooming you to be one of her regular customers.Strippers do date customers they want to date even when they pretend its against the rules of the club.Dont know why I typed this as you probably wouldnt heed any advice given.
im in crypto to have a good reason to kill myself when i lose everything
i still live at home so i don't want her to find out and have been avoiding meeting up outside of twice in the club, but i'm not sure if she needs saved this is a real high class club and i am positive she is not fucking anyone in the club, and she does not seem to be doing it outside either because she did not proposition me for sex outsidei just want to go away with her, be near her.
leave everything behind and just spend time with her without having to worry about money and our problems back home.
i want to take her to the big music festivals in europe that her eyes light up when she talks about, i just want to get her everything she never had and always wantedi am also all in on Link and Req i need link to hit about $5 or req to hit $1 i hope we make it man
People on here have called me beta, but I don't care.I invested all my free income into IOTA (still do every weekly paycheck) after seeing the lead dev's bravery against the white nationalists on Reddit.
IOTA represents the world I want to live in.
Holy shit, we are the same.
I also am betting it big on LINK and REQ.
$5 LINK would really do it for me.
I'll take her out to the comfiest places and we'll live in the comfiest home.
i just want to go away with her, be near her.
leave everything behind and just spend time with her without having to worry about money and our problems back home.
MY FEEEEEELS.
This is exactly how i feel too.
I just want to lie in bed with her all day doing nothing.
best post ITT
Just an FYI.
Chicks with kids are looking for providers wether they admit it or not.
Nothing wrong with that and doesn't mean she's a godl digger, just be aware that you will always be second priority after the kid and that's she's looking for something safe.I can see how a chick with issues can be attracted to an insecure guy.
Been there.
Just know it her curiosity doesn't last long and she might get bored of your insecurities if you don;t work on that.Also, what the other guy said.
If she only asks to see you at the club, she's just looking for a regular customer that is easy to handle.
I have enough link and req to completely tank the price in the short term and hopefully let the sudden hit continue a downward spiral.
Honestly tempted to do this bc I don't want to baghold with such faggots
down 90%>think anyone is gonna give a fuck about your 1 hour 5% tankunless you have a million link your'e literally retarded, but go ahead please sell all your coins at these prices
I do have over a million link
Pls senpai dont do it...
I just want to make it so she wont be in the kneepad meme anymore.
I beg you senpai, i really love her.
say good bye to that money
I won't because I care about my own money more than teary eyed strangers chasing a fantasy.
I hope you make it anon even if you're such a faggot.
Be prepared for a lot of pain and misery gambling your heart away on a prozzy
Just letting you know you're not perceiving reality sober.
She is flooding your brain with chemicals and you're like a drug addict right now.
She could easily manipulate you in this state and has probably done it with a lot of guys before.
(it's her job to extract money out of men, remember)
Thank you anon for caring about me.
Do you think I'll make it if I hold on to LINK and REQ until 2019?
I really want to start a future with her once i earn money from these bags.
Either we make it or we'll both be prostitutes waiting for a White Knight to save us from kneepads
I don't care if you're lying or telling the truth, that's fuckin funny
Gonna open a dog ranch where we take in rescues from all over the country.
Already have everything else I want, just wanna rescue as many pups as I can.
To the strip club dude, go read reports on TUSCL.
Those dudes are pahfuckingthetic and their stories make for good laughs.
Don't be one of them.
Don't.
Kek, as much as that worries me i cant help but laugh if that happens to me.
Can you imagine?
Me a purely in love man trying to save a girl from the kneepad meme ends up being trapped in the kneepad meme himself out of love.
Its like a really tragic love story.
same kind of goals not not as pathetic >be financially secure>married to a traditional wife>buy a homestead with land>become a blood and soil family
Only in crypto so I can buy a flat in Budapest and write during the day while drinking/smashing poor Hungarian girls at night.
10% of the way there, please just let my crypto succeed before something ruins the whole area
I remember you from when you posted your thread, faggot.
>I want to shack up with a junkie stripper who has a child.Are you fucking insane?
YOU KNOW that's a bad idea.
Don't be blinded by your "emotions".
You're literally high.
Someday you'll be paying her child support.
DON'T DO IT
why do you always type using those letters?
anyway, with crypto I'll eventually afford pic related
Leave him alone.
You guys will just waste your money on hookers and lambos too so whats the difference?
Once i make it, im going to buy the girl i like Gucci bags and shit every week like anon.
All these betas chasing used goods.
You will make even more beta children.
Do Darwin a favor and kill yourself.
We're hybrid betas, learn the difference you faggot.
Pure betas are afraid to take risks.
A hybrid beta is willing to take huge risks for love.
Nah, I have the looks and interests of a beta (anime, manlet).
But I'm going to start my own solarpanel company soon and hope I can attract a virgin waifu.
Unlike you, i set my standards high.
Enjoy tasting chads cum from your roastie ""GF"".
Just don't forget life is too short setting yourself so low.
Anon I'll be giving you this (you) because you seem to have written from your heart and put some feeling into it.However, next time do use images, greentext or different spacing.
that bland wall of text format is really offputting.
so OPall of this is hinging on her ACTUALLY flocking to you once you have the millionsdespite what all these people may say - there are some smart girls who are escorts.
when i say smart, i mean they have a gameplan - work as hard as they can for x years ?3-5 yrs, and then be secure for the near-future.
ie.
she is SAVING herself.she might want to be able to pay for herself through a rocket science degree, she might want to start her own biotech company.
but i guarantee you she is making $$$$$ every week compared to what you are going to make.also all in on LINK, but it seems you have already put yourself into the mindset that this will DEFINITELY moon.
what if it doesnt and ends up cruising along for the next 5 yrs at sub 0.5?touch wood it doesnt cos im also in kekwho here has weird moon mission dreams with their 'fortunes'?
i want to build an orbital weapons platform
ie.
she is SAVING herself.she might want to be able to pay for herself through a rocket science degree, she might want to start her own biotech company.
but i guarantee you she is making $$$$$ every week compared to what you are going to make.She is doing it to pay for her sibling's tuition and to pay for her parent's expenses.
She said so herself.>but i guarantee you she is making $$$$$ every week compared to what you are going to make.I highly doubt that if everything works out since I have quite a lot of LINK, REQ, and SALT.>also all in on LINK, but it seems you have already put yourself into the mindset that this will DEFINITELY moon.
what if it doesnt and ends up cruising along for the next 5 yrs at sub 0.5?touch wood it doesnt cos im also in kekI also have REQ and SALT to rely on.
I have some fiat left but its not enough to start a family.
Kek but yeah i agree with you anon lets hope LINK will moon for our dreams!!!!!
I cant wait to live in the same house as her.
alright buddo good lucki mean do you even have a gameplan?
if you've already been her client, shes already had to fake out emotions/be extra nice to you already (don't say they've been 'genuine', cos thats exactly when you know its worked), whats to say shes not doing it just to get you to be a return customer?no judgerino but it seems you're gonna rack up 'millions', present them to her one day, and shes going to magically love you for the rest of your life and be with your forever - amirite?maybe the first few years if you're lucky, but you're gonna have to work better on your personality if shes actually going to 'stay'i guarantee if all this works out, you're gonna come back to /biz/ and post another thread saying 'why didnt you guys convince me boohoo, she's left me now why didnt she see that i had pure unconditioned love for me why are people so meaaaaan'
i mean do you even have a gameplan?I've been trying to think of a concrete gameplan but every plan ends up depending on my holdings LINK, REQ, and SALT mooning by 2019.
I only invest in crypto so I can afford nice onaholes.
I couldn't imagine doing it to impress some 3d scum.
what i mean by gameplan is literally what i saidyou're just gonna walk up to her, say you're rich now, and say come with me?seems like from what (you)'re telling me, shes family based, and appears somewhat humble.
whats to say when you do rock up in your 'lambo', she is going to absolutely hate you for thinking of her as a an object that you can just 'win over' and 'buy' with money?
do you think shes going to stay with you solely because you're a financial backer?
people get into and stay in relationships because of an emotional bond.
you've already priced in that you can buy her love (ie.
more gucci bags = more love points to fill up that lovemeter) when you haven't even thought about the countless other intrigues/facets that make up a relationship.i mean you dont even know her, youve had 1 day maximum of interaction with her and you've got oneitis to the bone.
I'm not here to say escorts suck but come on there are so many flaws in your planits a nice fantasy though - but just that - a fantasy
Oh, well i was thinking of constantly going out on dates with her.
No lambo, just regular dates in comfy places.
Then when she falls in love because she finds out that im successful and responsible we'll marry and there wouldnt be any problem since I have the finances to start a family easily.
Then we would be living comfy until we grow old.
I help her parents and siblings financially from time to time.
Happily ever after.
going on dateswhat do you do anon- cryptocurrencyanything else anon- being a neetwhat other hobbies can we do together anon?....any other conversation of interest?..actually i just wanna askhow many dates have you been on, non-escort based?
and how many relationships have you had in the past?
how many dates have you been on, non-escort based?
and how many relationships have you had in the past?Zero.... fuck you anon...
OP, I don't dislike you.
If you do make it big and make a lot of money you'll get the girl.HOWEVER you should watch the film Casino and take note she might not love you.
Whatever happens good luck man.
anon and fat black prossie meet in alley near moms house>don't worry baby one day we'll run away>one day chainlink will blow up and ill take you away from this place
Year 2030 >Link has mooned (LMAO let's pretend)>yfw you paid 30 link for a gucci bag >become a pink wojak posting about how 30 link = X millions today
i hate to break it to you anon but if that's the case she'll most likely just take advantage of you.
in the slight chance of her being actually genuine it wont be enough seeing as youre this autistic.
either she'll get bored of you or you'll get cucked eventually.
if you think the money you have will be enough to make her subservient to you then youre wrong.
if youre gonna rely on the money to let her stick with you, you may prevent her from getting "bored"of you but it increases the chances of you being cucked.
im sorry anon.
you gotta start somewhere, not some 10/10 escort right off the bat.
youll just get fucked.
heck even being sociable as shit, not even straight to relationships would be better.
practice that kinda shit first anon, i swear it helps with what you want to achieve.
tbf i havent read the whole thread lmao i just saw this reply and the OP and i assumed you were autistic.
gl anon please dont get fucked and lose all your crypto gains.
There's a legit Captain save a ho in Iowa City
Gamma male... Fucking LOL
Year 2025>Link has inevitably mooned>pay 30 link for gucci bag>I love you anon, ur so smart for being an early investor for revolutionary tech>we proceed to cuddle under the night sky>on the way home we pass by a cemetery being built because the other cemeteries are full of nolinkers that necked themselves already
hey i wasn't being mean.
but i would suggest to start conversing more, start going on dates, and build up.
theres a lot of social dynamics to be learnt.i mean you do you buddy, but i'm just trying to give you as best advice i can