Exploit just revealed today that you can change the time of your transaction to whatever you wantThat means you can double, triple and quadruple spend all of your coins AS MANY TIMES AS YOU WANTHAHAHAHAGL bagholders
Stop fudding, Price is obviously reflecting confidence in project and will overtake Neo and beyond soon.
Ethereum should be weary of money skeleton's tweets though.......that's more dangerous to price.
dumbass
who here got in under 70k sats?Let's laugh at all these faggots
You seriously don’t believe me?Go check their redditSome whale just dumped on them and changed the timestamp to 3 months ago
What in sayin>Lisk is a fucking pajeet scamWhat im thinking>pleqse god, dip
This is the biggest exploit in crypto
Stop fudding.Changing time stamp is only a visual bug.
Lisk explorer the web version shows it correct... READ the tucking thread you are referencing./thread
Shoo FUDman shoo!
NANI??!!!
anime pic top left>lisk hodler:^)
Is dirt poor... start insulting a random icon of a game.
Stay poor anon
Thread on plebedit exposing a filty ARKi that is also delegate on LISK dumping as soon as he saw 10$
Holding Lisk since ICO.Keep getting more lisk from delegate pools.Sold none, and won't even sell untill lisk mcap overtakes eth.
Just checked....nothing there
Lol even if he is poor, at least he isn't a weeaboo faggot.
Kys.
... Anon wanted to say that other anon jumped to conclusion that its anime...Apparently its a mobile game.Are you draft?!
12.5 Lisk = I basically have a Lambo already.
I could have bought 13 Lisk but I bought some bitbean too as I wanted to buy my Lambo some furry dice.
12.5 lisk will get you a lambowew lad I've got 91 LSK what'll that get me ?
What does the blue rock really mean tho
Its supposed to be an unfinished obelisk, i think theyre changing the logo when they rebrand
its even worse than i thought mobile game + animeplease proceed to kys
hes already smarter than 95% of lisk bagholdershe dropped bags at ATH
Not a lot lol.
Maybe $500 ;)
also you fucking idiot im just gonna add this last point before i fuck offthe lisk and ark devs dont hate eachotherits the brainlet bagholders
4396608You are special kind of retarded...ALSODELAGATE =/= Lisk/Ark developer
nigger holy shit do you assume i dont know what a delegate is ?why do you people care what a delegate doesafter all LISK is known to have delegate cartellsi just wanted to prove my point that all this drama is not organic and just bagholders spewing shit at eachother like the pajeets they are.
ONII CHAN WHY ARE YOU HOLDING SHITCOINS DESU
$0.07 in August...of this year
lol it's mooning againhope you panic sold nigger
Its Ico + plus delegate.
Please read note
I've been shilling this coin since it was $2.
Biz just hates it because they are arkies.
Never go against German engineering.
Hopefully it will go to $100 by the end of 2018 :)