Mobile Wallets at 98%Formation of Business Entity 98%Ark Core v2 coming early next year.Anyone else feeling comfy?
comfy af
not comfy only have 300
do what you have to do, at least get to 2k
Was just about to sell 1/3 to arkumulate on upcoming bitbean pump, damn now I'm not sure if that's a good idea.
only have 200 ARK I'm still building, should I sell off my ETC and EOS / ETH and go balls deep into ARK?
I don't want to get rid of my BQX I really like that project.
i mean i would, but im all in ark at this point so depends how risky u wanna take this
was holding 1k, sold some to pay some bills.
Now have 600.
Im waiting for some of my other coins to moon soon so I can get back to 1k if not more, 2k is my goal.
O Father, flood the market and wash away the nonbelievers.
I pray to you that you grant me passage upon your ARK to share with my brother ARKies our impressive gains.
it is 85% of my portfolio
4384080would you say ARK or LINK they both are shilled to high heaven here, and I think ARK is limited to something like 20mill coins if I remember right, but LINK is like 900mil ?
It doesn't make a healthy balanced portfolio I know, but I am a believer.
And I accept the risk.
All in, nearly 25k ARK.
Ark is a bigger value prop to investors and adoption than link.
>only 2200 ARKI WANNA MAKE IT I NEED TO MAKE IT
BARK FOR ARKBARKBARKBARKFOR ARK
i mean, at the very least you are earning like $20 worth of ARK per day staking.
that alone is worth it imo
would this be a long term source of passive income?
I don't know if ARK could survive quantum computing in the near future.
Every damn time, like clockwork.
wouldnt worry too much about coin circulation.
marketcap only thing that matters.
ark has 100+ mil coins circulating right now and every 8 seconds 2 more arks are created by the delegates.
this inflation is offset by staking your arks so doesnt matter too much
SOONtm
I'm with you, even if it goes against all my investing principles.
I believe in it 100%.
Though I only have 13k
it still says 96 percent for me
think next week it'll be just about ready to go
refresh a few times
Should I put the last 10 ETH I have into Ark right now?
I'm like 90% Ark at the moment, and don't really see a need to keep hodling Ethereum, especially with that autist Vitalik at the helm
I have 3K and that makes up 90% of my portfolio, so I'm somewhat in the same boat.
The only difference is I bought in at $.50 with the little money I had to invest, so I'm just chilling
Serious question: Are the mobile wallets priced in?
Looks like Ark's sub-plebbit just hit 10,000 subscribers Not that that matters too much, but it shows that there's a fast-growing userbase and solid early community.
I would say no.Once people see how sleek and easy to use they are (one hopes), that will be reflected in the market price.
probably just gonna x2, no real moon mission
Yes, I wouldn't hodl pedocoin rn desu.
Normies and msm haven't caught onto his twitter tirade yet
Between mobile wallets, them finishing their incorporation, then ark vm, we heading for lamboland soon.
x from mobile wallet, full on fucking lamboland on incorporation and ark vm
It would be reflected in the market price by now, it hasn't done much, doubt you'll see x2, more like 20% increase, then a 10% pullback, but what do I know.Yup, you'll get a few lambos, and some bitches, and you can touch and talk to them, and they'll be happy to let you touch and talk to them.
Promise, just keep believing.
Guess I'm just a deluded arkieJust went 1/3 into bitbean , hopefully it'll 2x tomorrow so I can finally have 5k arks
I have 5k.
Will I be able to live the passive income meme dream?
Yep by the end of next year probably
I think that forming a business entity (at 98%) will increase the trust factor for people who were too skeptical to pull the trigger and invest into Ark.
Of course, you're going to be living off the fat of the land in a sense.
Want a nice house on a hill, with a barn and some rabbits too?
You can take care of the rabbits!
That earns you about 500 Ark a year.
If and when Ark is $100 (EOY 2018 is my guess), you'll be passively earning $50,000 a year.
won't the amount of ark earned from DPoS be lower in the future than it is now?
as more people buy ark and stake it yea, we'll all get a smaller piece of the pie
What about all that compounding interest and what not?
It’s tanking wtf
Just wait until someone drops a recap of yesterday's conference oh you poor deluded arkies har har har
Probably, but not by too much because of A) Compound interestB) Ark getting more valuable, meaning people buying smaller amounts (10 Ark = $1,000, for instance)C) The loyalty bonuses some delegates have
>only have 30 arkI’d be happy if it goes high enough to buy a cheap car with it
No it's not...?
It found a pretty solid floor
lol Ark is some goofy ass shit.
the crypto bubble will pop long before this POS gains any traction in real life.
but hey, at least the website looks cool and uses a lot of buzzwords right?
Ark seems like the ultimate autism coin.
It mimics the features of the popular kids but doesn't understand why it doesn't work for them.
Ark holders are losers
4385423We get it, you sold at $2.50
4385416repent sinners!
Bingo.
It's the perfect coin for 4chan.
Looks all video gamey and futuristic but has no use in reality and never will.
I only have 2500 ARK and I don't have any more fiat to put in to itI'm afraid that I'm so close but that I don't have enough to truly make it
iktf at 3000I would be much more comfortable at 5000, like I don't even need to care about the future anymore levels of comfy
I just hope that it'll reach around $200 in around 3 years due to the project being successful and crypto in general picking up steamat least by then I'd have about 3400 Ark from staking alone, giving me $680,000 and $60k a year from staking
he youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
Lol I would never buy ark
You don't get compound interest from Ark, you deluded ArkieAnd if you did, it defeats the whole point of your shitcoin, you deluded piece of shit.
Looks all video gamey and futuristic but has no use in reality and never will.Sounds like Microsoft and Apple in the 70's
I swear to God that if this keeps up I will convert all of my holdings into NEO and ARK, (placed in cold storage) I will renounce all worldly possessions for no less than 5 years.
I will live as John the Baptist, eating honey and locusts, sleeping in the open, preaching the return of a great and powerful being.
I will neither shave nor cut my hair.
When I return to civilization I will either be fabulously wealthy, or very sorry that I didn’t buy LINK, even though I was pretty sure it was a shitcoin anyway.
Know what the worst thing about people like you is?
It's that you could have avoided your pathetic and shameful existence.
All you had to do was not buy ARK, I mean anyone with an IQ of over 19 could see from a mile away that it was nothing more than a fucking avoidware do-nothing piece of shit-tech.
It must really suck, having the mental facilities of an autistic goldfish.
I’m sure you were blown away by that “whitepaper” (btw the ARK team totally plagiarized most of that from one of Bob Dylan’s diaries and a couple of episodes of The Big Bang Theory) I don’t feel the least bit of sympathy for you though, I fucking told you not to buy that shitcoin, I fucking told you to buy LINK.
Guess it’s true what they say about “leading a horse to water.” You’re the type of horse that would walk right past the water and drink a bowl of antifreeze because you liked the pretty colors.
I fucking give up on you, don’t ever contact me again.
You’re the type of horse that would walk right past the water and drink a bowl of antifreeze because you liked the pretty colors.
You are a deluded Arkie, and you are about to get served.And I'm going to love watching you panicking, with your Arkie trash stuck in your wallet.Die, Arkie.
Arkies are the worst kind of trash.They are so delusional that they actually thought this shitcoin would overtake BTC.
4386098Arkies will never dieYou'll still be posting this when we hit $10
People talking about living off 10% interest as passive income, but it's not "income."
It's 10% extra Ark per year.
And the % will drop to 9, 8, 7, then to 5% and below.The entire idea of market cap means that you are just keeping the same slice of the Ark pie.
You only appear to be making gains because the price has remained steady despite the new coins.
Which is great and all, but it can't be relied upon forever.Fwiw I hold a couple thousand and am a fan of the project, but I think it's ... delusion ... to assume 10% passive income per annum for years/the rest of my life.
Does anyone know why my Faucet isn't working.
I refresh the page and it for some reason keeps resetting the timer to 60 minutes.Sometimes when I use the captcha the pictures never show up and when I click roll it fails and resets my timer again.
I haven't rolled in like 5 hours, I'm getting the junkie itches man.
4386047>you will never be this mad about anythingfeels good
I read this guy's post and immediately said to myself, i'm going to sit right down and tell this motherfcker exactly how i stake my motherfcking ARK.i roll a gigantic fcking batch from the faucet every four day.
When im done i have an enormous glass of BitCuck tears and at this point i generally take the first few feet of my cock out of my pants and fap because the sight is beautifulevery morning i take a goodly portion of my bitconnect stack of glory and I tip the 12/10 sideways pussy escorts while they GTFO my penthouse.i've now got a wallet full of hot ARK and an infallibly rigid dick but i am not done motherfcker and it is not yet time to forgei reach around behind me and grab my fckin .45ACP from the cupboard point the fckin laser sight at the CAPTCHA bullshit, it fckin solves itself in fear.At this point i collapse onto the floor and fck a new hole into the hardwood of my kitchen because i just can't fcking stand my gorgeous mobile wallet, then i stand up and i fck that fcking blockchain, the whole fcking thing including the fckin genesis block itself, without any fckin lube and then i go throw myself at the sex doll i have dressed up like the quaker oats guy and i literally fck it until my neighbors call the cops.
it's already been discussed in this thread that the 10% isn't going to last forever, the point is that if the project is successful enough then hopefully we'll still be fine even with the percent decrease
can u give me a link to these pastas they look funny to read
I-I'm glad you're enjoying the faucet anon
honestly anon a lot of these are OC, but I also have a bunch of pastas in a folder that I change up.
The last one about the faucet is based off an old bb misc post
a lot of these are OCimpressivevery nice
ARK threads always have the best pastaspic related
you guys could be quadrupling money on ICO's with you're small capital but instead you choose to be a faucet roach.
ICOs like req link blackmoon and a 1000 others ?
Someone please answer if you know.
My hour is almost up!
4386625What browser are you using?
The site's verified to work on latest version of Chrome, Firefox 57, and Firefox Quantum.If your timer is "reset" after rolling it means your rolls went through.
If you log onto your dashboard you should see them listed.
% of ICOs are scams
I have tried Brave browser and Chrome.It has been working perfectly all up until today, for some reason even refreshing the page resets the timer.
I just deleted my cookies / cache etc and ill restart my comp and see if it fixes it.
Missing out on my 0.000000001 free ark here.
The website has been having trouble loading all day... if anyone else is having trouble, maybe it is on the hosting side?
Holding 4,000 Ark hereWhat is a realistic price expectation for November 2018, in your respective opinions?
This is the first I'm hearing of this all day.
im working fine
Ark is a prime example of a scamSome synonyms:ArkDeludedScamFraudConDeceitRetardsWagecuckers
I bought a shitload of bitbean too.
T H E
200$ eoy 2018
lmfaoooooooooooo
Nigga we goin straight past that in 2019 so strap in boi
Such a disgusting fat piece of shit.
I can’t help but feel deep self loathing when I run my hands down my bloated body and feel the ridges and indentation from fat hanging on fat hanging on misery and desperation.
I spent all day eating right and trying to exercise but my arm was hurting so I took a Panadol forte and followed it up with some wine and while my wife was in the shower I slammed down two pieces of bread loaded with margarine and vege mayo with a slab of Aisha’s curry on it.
I was already fucking bloated by the time she got out and I still downed 2 amazing piece of homemade Bangladeshi curry and a bowl of rice with avocado.
I fucking hurt so bad afterwards I had to lie down and now I can’t hear correctly because my ear canal must be getting blocked by the fat.
Doctor said my liver was fat and I was pre-diabetic and needed to lose weight.
I’m trying.
I’m fucking trying but I don’t see any success.
Exercise makes me feel like shit.
Being fat makes me feel like shit.
What can I do?
$50.
U mean 500$
I would, fuck that SJW faggot
Sub $0.10, Arkie
I realize that its hard considering where I'm posting, but stop being autistic.
Eat a dick you salty linkie.
You chose wrong, either live with it or dump that dogshit and board the ARK, while you still can.
s-slowpoke??
I need more ARK memes.
There aren't enough
* post
Guys...
Check the order book for POSW Cryptopia.
This bitch is gonna MOON so hard when masternodes and TPOS is finished.
Feeling COMFY!
Finally reached 6k ark today, trying to get to 10k before it's too late
Heads up I did a lot of research on ETC and EOS, ETC is solid and should go up with ETH (I expect $80/90 by end of 2018 or sooner) EOS is a scam coin, or it’s revolutionary either way this is a big gamble.
My other favorite 100% undervalued coin is BQX
Hello YouTube pajeet suppoman
I like this one
I'm thinking about getting one of those 0% interests for 6 months credit cards, buying LTC with it, transferring to Binance, and buying Ark.
I'm so nervous I'm running out of time but I have a finite amount of fiat.
I could pay the card off with time.I have healthy income- high 5-figures, single, small city - but I'm relatively new to crypto and haven't had many paychecks to throw in.
Naw I’m Japanese.
Do the research BQX is the most undervalued coin on any exchange right now.
C O N F E R E N C E
When is ArkVM coming out?
Honestly that's not a bad idea, I've been mining ethereum classic and selling it for ark to add more to my stash but I can't get enough imo...I might look into a 0%interest credit card
what exchange is bitquence on?
Probably not until Q2 2018.The Ark team has like $100 million in funding to work with though, so maybe they'll keep adding developers like they've been doing to speed up the process.
I haven't heard that yet.
Source?
I'm phoneposting right now, but there's a way to look at the wallet the Ark team uses for funding
They added 2 devs this month
Binance - sorry for late reply watching Mindhunter got lost in time
Good lad, where are you selling ?
>people seriously thinking this deluded scam will ever leave 1 digit, let alone 3 digit numbersThe marketcap is far to big for it to even hit 2 digits right now, and your scam coin has next to no whale support.
Not sure if you are still here.I have restartred computer and deleted cookies / cache and still cant roll.
The captcha doesnt come up with pictures and the rolling keeps failing.
I have checked the roll history and there is nothing more.If i leave it I get a timeout error.
Do you have noscript or anything that blocks javascript enabled?
Turn off adblockers.
WHICH ONE OF YOU TOLD ME TO VOTE JARUNIK HE JIST REDUCED EVERYONE'S PAYOUT BY 5% AND IS MAKING US WORK FOR IT BACKhttps://www.reddit.com/r/ArkDelegates/comments/7d6na7/jarunik_voter_bounty_program/dpwdwa0/
I do have addblocker.
However it was working fine up until this morning when it was enabled.Nevertheless I have turned it off and If this thread is still going when I next roll I will report back.
You should be able to roll if you said there isn't a roll history on your dashboard.
Are you in a university, office, or other shared internet space?
Someone else could be rolling which is why you're seeing the countdown.Join discord and PM me your ip address.
There's an invite link on your dashboard.
It's crashing get out out out
Ahhhh If it is to do with IP address.
My brother is also rolling on the same IP.
Could that be the problem?
Is there a way of having both of us roll?
I would rather not go through a VPN or anything.
Yes that is definitely the problem of you not being able to roll.
You won't be able to go through a VPN either since we use a VPN-blocking service.
You can most likely roll from your mobile connection though.
Is there any point in every trying to stake with 50 ark?
Ark is exactly what you need to get 3x rewards from the biz_classic faucet.
https://classicdelegate.biz/faucet
The page does not seem to load on my phone either.
Just a white screen.
I will keep trying
That's why i'm asking, but 5 ark a year doesn't mean shit to be frank.Started this month with enough btc to buy 60 ark, i'm at 160 atm, and that's just one month, I'm pretty sure i'll make more daytrading it.
Ark confirmed for scam.Sell now.
Trips confirm get out
man ive got 4.6k, im just sad ill never reach 10k
fuck off Satan we are not sinners and we will board the ARK on Enlil's orders.
Enki*Sumerian Flood myths really get to me sometimes.
Hey Chang, what do I do if I'm retarded and forgot my username and password for your site?
I did this, pulled 65k out of 7 cards for 0% and have a diversified portfolio.
Next year I'll either be on the moon or homeless.
You're my hero.I want to bite the bullet and do it, but 65k fuck.
I have trouble loading the site at least once a day