Just if here are still any idiots who don't understand basic trading.
The current situation is called a dip and you should BUY now.
I know your are thinking:>hmm Bitcoin Cash is going up right now.
I should BUY nowThat means you are doing it WRONG.
Instead you should think>hmm every coin is going down.
I should buy nowez money desu
already dumped my bch 40 minutes ago, just here enjoying the obvious shilling of tards who think it's still going up.
We're not retarded anon.
Now can you fundamentally tell the difference between a dip and a crash JUST by looking at charts?
The answer is no.
People were ridiculed for buying BTC at $1000 instead of selling.
However every coin is different.
I'm just holding bitcoin (dumped my BCH after the fork)And really, it's ok.
I just wish I had more money to buy the dip now
just bought WAVES for no real reasonYou are right OP it's amazing how simple greedy when others are fearful is but how difficult it is to do in practice
there is no difference between a dip and a crash.
both cant be foreseen and at the same time have to be predicted by you to gain profit.
someone who gets it
now let me explain how it is in the real world.
if you buy right now, you are already too late.you could try to piggyback the retards on the hype, but more than likely you will get burn.right now is the time to dump bags systematically until you look for the next market that pumps
but im already 80% in alts since the fork got cancelled
Lol.
So when BTC went to 6500 that was a crash?
It was clearly obvious that there would be a price correction coming after the all time high, just as it has in past instances.
I understand what your point is though, im holding a few alts atm for the inevitable rebound.
The thing is that some alt coins won't come back in the near future, and that's where the hard part is
Wow there is someone here who knows basic trading principals?
amazing.
If that faggot knew what he was doing he'd be buying link.
Buying because of price.No you stupid.Buy because of fundamentals.
The BTC fork got canceled?
Buy Bitcoin Cash- double your money in two days.The price is a lag measure.
Your brain has to be the lead measure.
Don't follow the price, make the price follow you.
then you fucked up
What if I told you...that the BTC fork did NOT get canceled?you will see it happen in nov 15th.
All those who are getting rid of their BTC are going to be missing out on Seg2X, which is what the whales actually want.
They will have S2X and BTC coins at the end, just by playing with prices and FOMO for a day