I had over 1500 bitcore last week.
I sold it when /biz/ convinced me it was a scam.
I sold it for about 5$ a coin.Now that position is worth over 60k.
listening to /biz/ ever
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAJUST BUY LINKIES MY PRETTY AHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA
bitcoreSounds like a bcash shill rather than an actual coin.
You made $6.5 anon, why the long face?
How much did you buy anyway, didn't you make a profit?
I basically made about 1k.I was earning over 35 bitcore a week in airdrops.I dumped because I obught at 200k sat and I was bagholding for months and it got back to it.Now it's just going fucking higher and higher
I think it is still cheap.
Look at that shit btg.
If that shit cant hit $200.
I dont see why btx cant.
I would want to kill myself for rebuying now when I can only accord 300 btx
Relax, anon.
We live in a subjective reality, not an objective one, so there's no guarantee Bitcore would still have mooned this week if you'd held onto your coins.
The only thing that's real is that you sold your 1500 coins for 7500$, so forget the rest and enjoy it.
>listening to biz
Fuck /biz/.
Where are your fucking iron hands
Don't worry bro, they're just number on a screen, they've no value at all.
You let others decide what you should think, you're never gonna make it if that is how you want to manage your money and investments.
Imagine how many sold eth at 9 dollars because they listened to FUD.
The people that are millionaires now are the ones that had iron hands.
They researched, made a plan and stuck to it no matter what.
bought at 15, heh
AHAHAHAHA OP are you retarded, /biz/ never said it was a scam, post proof.I actually shilled this for free to you pajeets @ 10$ and again at 15 because it was so fucking obvious it was gonna moon because of the HitBTC listing, and being comparable to BTG due to muh GPU Bitcoin the Koreans will eat this up all the way to 100-200$ making BCH pump look like child's play./comfy/ with 1000 BTX next time don't sell before a MAJOR EXCHANGE LISTING RETARD.im laughing Blowin Kush like a candle nigga watching my portfolio moon.Cashmeoutside
Where do I buy this shitcoin of peace?
?