SELL SELL SELLAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
wtf
lmao, vitalik and this guy wow unstable idiots
fixedBUY BUY BUY
Now he just want to appeal to /biz/ losers with low income.
Fuck thismfaggot and fuck his skate and fake sponsorships.
Bet Vitalik has the loli version in his fap folder somewhere
Can you draw her in front of a Microsoft google and put some fake tweet below?That would be the real omise girl.
So Jun, how do we reach out to these cucks on the anime business board?
What the HECK did he mean by this?
So many flavors... and you choose to be salty over /biz/ skateboard meme, /biz/ apple meme, /biz/ partnerships meme.
You, dear anon, deserve to be poor.
If you seriously don't hodl OMG now, you are not gonna make it in 2018.
It must really sucks to be you.
Fixed it for you faggots
this X 999999999
I rarely reply to 4chan., But this is funny.
Thank you big guy !
Yep crypto is officially in a bubble.
The top crypto leaders are fucking weird and say dumb shit.
Yet normie investors eat it up.
here
For some reasons I need hentai of crypto right nowIn fact, to attract more people we need hentai characters of cryptoAlso, I need a hentai about OMG gangbanges Ahegao style pls0.1 Eth to the one that starts everything
It would have been great if this weekend we could have saw hentai about a btc girl being ravaged by a lot of bitcoin cash gang
somebody edit the skateboard into this
literally perfect.
Get out, cancer.
I'm still up 2x lol
tfw i literally draw furry porn as commissions on the side
lol fudders too desperate
gatesuAmazing haha
>which coin wud you fug :DDD
Dude, I just jacked off so the bet is off for now, but I totally guarantee you that crypto hentai could be big of true
*clap* *clap* *clap*
no one cares faggot furry.
I bet your drawings are shitty like the rest of 99.9% of furry """""""""art"""""""" anyway.
do you take btc?
Don't blame the "artists", blame the horny teens who still pay for that stuff

Why does her foot have a different skin colour
Because this isn't even her final form.
No, I'm definitely blaming the artist.
majority of them are shit and draw shitty shit.you dog fucker.
Good response.
+12 internets for you, sir.
Nice stuff matte
ONE OF USONE OF US
holy shit this is real lmao
But they wouldn't be doing that if nobody paid them to.
Except for the ones that would, in which case you're absolutely correct.And I'm not canadian
Lmao love you
DO IT FOR HER
Oh yes I understand that.
But if somebody paid you $30 to spend 15 minutes doodling a wolf fucking a fox in MS Paint, and assuming you're a poorfag (because if you're one of those anons with a 100k portfolio this obviously won't actually apply to you), would you decline just because you're shit?
If they know you're shit, and they still pay you, it's their fucking problem.Then there's those that >do it for free, and like I already said, those ones can be blamed as much as you want.
there is literally no use case for this.
omg is only going to go up
4380043Anon asked.
And I'm definitely not a furry but there's where the money was/is.
They spend literally thousands of USD sometimes.
My highest commission was for a couple's OC walking on a beach.
I got 450 for that one and it took probably 5-6hours but I bet that most of my sales have a similar wage.
(and yes, my art is shitty but perspective and proportion doesn't seem to matter to a half-loony mind)Haven't done a commission for a few months now but I've always used PayPal even though they don't allow porn on their platform.If you really want to earn money as an artist, you should start a Patreon and jew your content on there.
I don't think I'd have any problem if I wanted to make it my full-time.
Kek
Thanks.
Just bought 100k.
Patreon is aids, I am an artist but I'd rather focus myself into skills that have a positive outcome not drawing things that make furries out cum.
It's well-compensated aids.
don't "reply to 4chan" ever again
ThisLmao