SALT discussion Share your thoughts bizPersonally, I like the project and think it's going to be very useful and thus popular when it gets done.However, I have some concerns regarding the legal aspects of the loans, which I will outline in the next post.
I like the idea but people tend to forget Allot of laws will come in 2018 in the crypto world because of the coming boom.THose laws may fuck Salt
Absolutely based I love itI'd speculate on salt even if I was a snail20USD before christmas.
First of all, I can't figure out if these are meant as Margin Loans or SBLOCs.For those of you who don't know what these are, a brief definition:Margin Loan:>A margin or investment loan is a form of gearing that lets you borrow money to invest in approved shares or managed funds, using your existing cash, shares or managed funds as security.
The amount that you can borrow is determined by the securities in your portfolio, their Loan to Value Ratio and a credit limit based on an assessment of your financial position.related link (not the most informative): https://www.westpac.com.au/personal-banking/investments/the-share-market/how-a-margin-loan-works/SBLOC:>Set up as a revolving line of credit, an SBLOC allows you to borrow money using securities held in your investment accounts as collateral.
You can continue to trade and buy and sell securities in your pledged accounts.
An SBLOC requires you to make monthly interest-only payments, and the loan remains outstanding until you repay it.
You can repay some (or all) of the outstanding principal at any time, then borrow again later.
The important part:>SBLOCs are non-purpose loans, which means you may not use the proceeds to purchase or trade securities.
related link: https://www.sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-bulletins/sbloc.htmlSBLOC sounds a lot more like the SALT loans, but (see pic related) SBLOCs CANNOT be used to purchase more securities.
Margin Loans can ONLY be used to purchase securities.SALT loans FAQ: >What can I use a SALT loan for?>You can use a SALT loan for any personal, business, or household purpose.related link: https://saltlending.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115009220807-What-can-I-use-a-SALT-loan-for-US law thinks of crypto as securities btwWhat's going on?
If this was an offline off crypto loan, would it be illegal?
4270069Here's what I think: you might be right, but the market simply doesn't give a shit about facts.
It runs on hype.If SALT says "Loans on your crypto" people will read that, and buy it in droves based on speculation.OmiseGO got to 800 million market cap on aboslutley nothing.
This one is at 180 million.
There's a long way to go before people realise the fundamentals
I agree with you, most people are not going to give a shit and use the platform anyways.
Also, this thread is not about me being right, shilling or FUDing the coin.
I I'm just trying to figure out what the fuck they're selling this as.
This is more for personal interest in the project and partly for long term investment research.
on aboslutley nothing?????
Skateboard is NOTHING to you?
Skateboard sticker isn't worth 800 million dollars?
WHAT?
It would be a SBLOC.
US law thinks of crypto as securities btwReally?
I thought they were considered assets like gold or silver.
SBLOCs CANNOT be used to purchase more securities.
That sounds like a stupid law anyway.
Fuck that law.