HST just hit Kucoin exchange!
Will be in 2 more markets by end of month.
Heavy bags desu?
Binance, I assume.
And what is the other one, do you know?
for sure it's going to binancethe other is an aussie exchange called cryptopia
Yep.
No, devs said its not Binance.
then they said later that binance was not off the table and they're talking to them.
binance is coming.
Probably will at some point.
I read somewhere one is going to be HitBTC.
Cryptopoia doesn't seem horrible, how is it regarded generally?
Cryptopia isn't too bad, though it's actually a kiwi site, not Australian.
Still, there are a lot of shitcoins on there, so be careful.
HitBTC/Cryptopia combo doesn't really look that good for the long term though.
If it doesn't hit Binance by end of month I'm dumping.
Dubs confirms HST will reach $1 by end of the month.
spewin'
well it will be up for trading 2 hrs later on kucoinhopefully will see some gainz
no the other 2 exchanges are live coin and cryptopia
woulda been 888 too, the chinese would have gone crazy.
coin will still moon anyway.
it's a voting app, why would anyone ever need to place wealth in a voting app?for fucks sakes cryptos are the new social media.
>oh you have a little league team better have an ICO this fall
oh look another useless voting token
You have no idea how much money goes into voting platforms, do you?
A postal survey cost Australia $120 million recently.
A fucking survey.
How much does a US election cost?The token is network gas and appreciates.
This one's a no brainer.
4440105no reason to buy these tokens.
why are they even listing them on exchanges?
do you need twitter and instagram tokens to make shitposts?
why the fuck would you need this token to cast a vote?
Someone has to get paid for running the network.
Twitter and instagram are centralized and get paid through advertising.
Do you actually know how the ethereum network works anon?
Are you seriously mentally ill?Voting systems cost money.
The tokens are sold to government agencies and corporate entities that need an immutable decision making system.
Other use cases include voting at AGMs, direct democracy style systems, local government voting, etc.
Voters don't pay for tokens, the clients that want to use the voting system do.
They buy the tokens at a contracted rate through Horizon State, who buy it at market rate from exchanges.They have customers who've signed deals, and they have lots more customers being courted as we speak.HST is the only coin I shill this hard for, because the potential for gains makes me rock solid.
If you don't want to get on this, too fucking bad for you.
hmmm, okay.
you won me over.
is the token number fixed?
are they mined or released all at once?
honestly this coin is idealisticif blockchain is ever implement in voting there will be no corruption or riggingpeople in power wont let it I just hope it moons for a while like cfd maybe reach 2$


Well said, mate.I've tried explaining how HST could be big in the near future.
But I ran out of patience with these stupid pajeets shouting crap like "muh hst is useless, we don't need blockchain for voting" when in fact it's the opposite.
Voting is one of the best concept that could be combined with the blockchain technology.Now I'm just sitting here, comfy with my 10k HST.
Can't wait to see these pajeets fomoing HST at $1 in the next few weeks.
Good choice dude :)Fixed supply, no mining or anything.
They burnt a lot of them as the ICO didn't reach its cap, that's why market cap is so low
Also, Kucoin trading goes live at 20:00 UTC+8.
They pushed back the time a bit I think.
Only 1$I expect this shit to go higher than that
I'll probably wait for it to hit bittrex.
is kucoin reliable?
Picked up a small bag of 5k HST to test the waters
Welcome to the club, anon.Don't sell below $1.
Dubs confirm
any chance it might hit $2
$2 is easy territory.
I'd only sell at $1 if someone put a gun to my head.Selling at $1 is like selling BTC at $500 lol
Sell operation will be opened at 2017-11-19 15:00:00Oh shit it's happening!!
They brought it back to original time!3 more minutes
ITS ON BOY
Easy 20% in a few minutes, buy on ED sell on Kucoin.Thanks for the money losers.
Weak hands out, im in at least until cryptopia.
Clean streets ahead, lets go bois
>shitty erc20 tokenno.
no more of these.
wtf GOIN ON