I highly suggest getting in fast if you like money.
some one buy my bags
whales accumulating all day
ha, my bags aint being sold this cheap..actually you right.
for the last couple of days
if this hits ATH I suggest buying inKys
I bought in earlier.
Feeling pretty comfy right now.
Just like that retard that said eth will moon if it breaks 345 im starting to think you are all boomers who only use coinbase lmao
$70>ATHKnow how I know you're new here?
fucking retard

D O U B L E T O POUBLETOP
AMAZING TIME TO BE ALIVE, EVERYTHING MOOOOOOONING
You mean double bottom?
what is a breakout
I put my first 50 dollars into litecoin a couple of hours agohow fucked am I?Or am I making big money?I don't know shit about crypto other than to invest in underdogs
NO
4440097triggered litecucks who are salty about their shitcoin collecting dust while everything else moons, lmao
Slow and steady wins the race, anon
There's something fishy about the recent LTC rallyEverytime it looks to be gaining momentum and tests a daily high it suddenly dumps right back down?The general trend is upwards but feels like it's being supressed?
Thinking in Satoshis is fucking retarded>bitcoin goes x3 in value>if other coins aren't moving along with it, that somehow makes them shitDo you also think about your stocks in their value in Apple shares?
I can’t wait til this goes back down to 4 dollars where it fucking belongs.
Just pulled out because this shit is about to dip hard.
Does litecoin offer any advantages over ethereum?
I don't know shit about crypto other than to invest in underdogsanon...
.97 now, ive been watching it all evening.
WHAT A MEME!
It's actually decentralized?
LTC is getting smart contracts too most likely, and anonymous transactions.
lol anonymous transactionscan watch balance and know how much was spentanon optional = knows i sent anonymous transactionmonero plz
Does the Canadian dolor offer any advantages over Pepsi?ones a currency and ones a platform for smart contrasts
What makes litecoin a better currency than ethereum?
Monero is gonna go out of fashion soon with the update to z transactions on zcash (they have gotten required memory usage down to ~1mb).
Anon I already answered this...See Litecoin transactions are much faster than Ethereum transactions too, which is handy if you're using it as a micro transaction currency.
is literally more likely than 4
should i sell coins at 75 and 80 if this shit breaks out and try to buy back at 65 or what.
Idk when to sell really but im tired of holding when it just keeps hitting 75 then dropping to 65 lol.
just broke 70 on bithumb.
$70.19
70.64 on gdax.
HERE WE GO
what will the burgers do with LTC when they wake up in a minute.
K IT MOONING GET IN HERE.
1000 LTC EATN UP IN 2 SECONDS WHORY SHET!
and anonymous transactions.wut?
We gotta break 80 tonight im tired of fucking around.
Lets go to the fucking moon lads.
See https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite/status/930343030342561792 from Nov 13
LTC 3 figures End of the month
old coin>W I D E LY distributed>traded everywhere>everyone has the core walletWhat you see as fishy is how it is supposed to work.
Time to sell
And to think just a few years ago he use to shitpost in BTCe chatCharlie is alls grows ups now
HAHAH seriously i was in there too.
That chat box was soo fucking popping it was like a trump speech or something but just a bunch of people watching litecoin and namecoin and feathercoin moon hahahha
this.
no one wants ZentralizedCash.if you like this go buy xrp too.
this coin is going nowhere
Sell litecoin and buy ethereum
thank you.
[spoiler]protip and an fyi tbqh on where the majority of institutional money is going ;)[/spoiler]
LTC fudsters are the most autistic people here and that says something
0.0091 BTC is an important level, if we hold this it's motherfucking BULL TIME.LTC in shortterm, ETH midterm.
I hold tons of bothLike a BOSS
how it is supposed to workYeah these short term parabolic moves followed by sudden dumps are completely normal

okay buddy.
stick to looking at coinbase charts then for your trading then.
it's not like the entire market moves wherever the hell btc tells it to.
Gonna laugh at all you faggots who are going to FOMO buy into LTC at $80 while they could have gotten in low now.
It doesn't you goddamn retard
ether decoupled from btc and is stuck to the low 300s>If you got off the ether train on ~june 26 because that's when it declined relative to btc you would have had substantially more fiat>we can estimate the decoupling occurred around August 1st, coincidently, yet again you still would have been better off trading for btc.
Instead of of 20% increase you would have had 2.5-3x increase insteadyeah, trading for fiat is such a good idea kek.
Only because btc tripled.
Your assumption that it will keep doing so is baseless.
You still can't buy a coffee or a house with bitcoin, so you look at the value in fiat
desu I'm actually kinda sceptical that a decoupling occurred, ether's only higher because btc is higher.I'll probably run a co-integration to actually see later.
kek.
school is actually useful for once.
https://www.marketwatch.com/video/sectorwatch/you-could-now-buy-a-house-using-bitcoin-here-how/81753FF9-6185-4E98-B91B-C10E64D6A143.html
 niggeeh.
Are you slow?
That article is not about buying a house with bitcoin.
It's about using your bitcoin as collateral for a fiat loan, which you use to buy a house.You wanna know why?
Because bitcoin is a store of value.
Not a currency.
https://www.cnbc.com/video/2017/10/16/buy-a-home-with-bitcoin-heres-how-one-couple-did-it.html
Literally >exchange bitcoin to fiat>use fiat to buy houseYeah you van totally buy a house with bitcoin.
Hey if I sell my yacht for fiat I can also use that to buy a house.
Does that mean that yachts are a currency now?