Discuss.
lmao fucking cuck corelings their coin is going down the toilet, BCH hit 0.5 and it will only go further yes man.
obviously no
i agree, corecuckcoin is finished.the core devs have no humanity in them
ITT: people who can’t afford a whole real bitcoin so helpless hold onto their dream of the flippening
>muh store of value>we don't need cheap/fast transactions>I trust the Core, they know what they are doing>Bitcoin will never die
lol you're just a worthless core-cuck, that flippining was a test run.
The real flippining will happen tomorrow you'll see.
Enjoy your BTC bags of shit.
4356489pajeet core shills are getting more advanced, they are now false flagging as (obvious) fake shills for cash

what you fail to understand is that bitcoin was always designed to be a store of value.
asking it to be anything more than a settlement layer is just ludicrous.
bcash is led by a stinky libertarian/businessman that just wants to extract profit from the ecosystem and kill the TRUE bitcoinluckily wall street knows which side their bread is buttered on so we can be certain BTC will stay the king
BCH will moon and over take bitcoin in 10 hours, you've been warned.
>trusting core cucks over statoshi's vision satoshi supports BCH why dont you?
Read the whitepaper retard, nothing in there about "store of value".
Surprise!
It's about being a digital currency.
most of 4chan realizes that already
The more I see BCH CEOs resorting to "Person X endorses BCH", the more I see it moving further from the initial vision of Bitcoin, and into the realm of social engineering experiment.At this point, "Bitcoin Jesus / Satoshi's John the Baptist / Kim.com endorses BCH" makes it sound like Kanyecoin.
I am not entirely convinced that the entire BCH project was not a monumental stress test of the BTC ecosystem, implementing a multi-vector attack which combined hashrates, rewards, difficulty, price fixing, and social engineering to check the resilience of a free, open source cryptocurrency left out in the wild and under attack from multiple state-level agencies.There is also the fact that the dudes involved in the public, top level publicity all fit the profiles of valuable agency assets.
They have technical knowledge, and compromised private lives.
Would you really be astounded if you found out McAfee or Kim.com were had actually been turned and were on the payroll of multiple three letter agencies?Iäm not tin foil hat enough to assume any of these theories are real.
But you cannot discount any as being an impossibility.
kys shill
shut up core cuck lmao enjoy your bTc bags
Nothing in the white paper says that supply must be limited to 21mn tokens, either.
That was simply a product of the halvening mathematics.
However, the deflationary attributes of the original Bitcoin have proven its single most valuable selling point.
No way would fresh money have entered the cryptospace without an initial, deflationary token to address a socio-economic problem of the age, specifically: quantitative easing.People who claim "segwit is not satoshi's vision"; "crypto as a transactional payment method for tangibles was the initial vision of the white paper" are misrepresenting themselves and the way bitcoin sprang into life.Satoshi's white paper outlines a decentralised version of transacting value over the web.
It says nothing about value - only about meeting the costs of delivering the service.
But it was the "store of value" attribute which attracted early adopters to the cryptospace.
It's never been about store of value, you can use gold for that.
Early adoption like silk road was for decentralized currency, only the past few months did the "store of value" 是start
only the past few months did the "store of value" 是start>HODL post: 2013Hello newfag.
I think this thread has decisively proven that anyone whose child shows decisive signs of being a creature with a coreling-type personality should immediately euthanize this child.
It's not murder because corelings aren't human.Remember to ask every person you give shekels to, be it a twitch streamer or something else, if they support bitcoin cash or bitcoin.
Corelings are bad with money anyways and they will surely waste it on shitcoins like BTC.
Both are fucking shit though.
this personal attack will not change any of the historical facts that you are replying to.