trying to find the best coin exchange for Australia, preferably one that lets you bank transfer.
btcmarkets
https://www.coinspot.com.au?affiliate=HMQCN
Btcmarkets- fees by far cheapest using bpay
Btc markets by far the cheapest.
Largest volume.
So many options on coinspot plus no need to transfer so save on network fees and using poli is free transfer.
Fees up to 3% so not much difference without the hassles and support an Aus exchange that offers heaps of alts
They're built on polo somehow.
I used to use them buying straight alts.
Works out cheaper if you btc or ETH into alts tho
BTCMarkets for sure.They let you transfer directly from your bank account into the exchange using Poli payments (or whatever it is called.)
0.8% trade fee (including GST), I think however larger trade volumes get a lower fee (not sure if this is default or you have to contact them directly and tell them you're a large investor though)
coinspot fees are retarded just buy the base coins on btcmarkets and if you want alts use bittrex or whatever else that you can't directly fund using aus bank acc
I generally buy ETH on BTCMarkets and then use ShapeShift (with Exodus wallet) to get other currencies.
For large volumes, ShapeShift fees get a bit much though, so at that point you're better off going to EtherDelta for ERC20 tokens.
They also have bpay now, which is free, unlike POLi.Trade fee goes down when you do more volume per month.
Gets lower the more trades you do.
Moved away from Coinspot to BTCMarkets because CSpot disabled the Poli transfer option for my shitty bank (ANZ)... but then BTCMARKETS is cheaper so thanks Coinspot I guess
Cheers guys,ill deposit into btc markets and exchange alts on bitterex
Doesn't bpay take longer?
What is the longest you have had to wait for a bpay payment?
Probably true, takes about two days for me.
I works though if you're not in a rush and FOMOing it up for some new pump.
Niqqa what POLi is free on both BTCMarkets and CoinSpot
Pretty sure if you check your transaction history, when you do a POLi deposit there is like a $3 fee
How to waste money by being lazy and using the most expensive service : the post
She isn't Asian.
It takes a day or two with POLi transfers on btcm.
I deposited on Saturday and it won’t clear by Tuesday.
They must have a manual step.
On coinspot it’s instant.
$3.30
What do you recommend?
Ah yes might be true on btcm.
Def free on coinspot
Careful with Bittrex lads heaps of issues today and twitter peeps pulling coins off as a precaution
V informativeThank you [spoiler]nigga[/spoiler]
Independent Reserve https://www.coinswitch.co/
literally an ass saver, if 2 days is too long you already fucked up
its a progressive system where u get lower fees as your monthly trade volume increases, and also you can deposit with bpay
kek.
no shit.
ginger>bingo wings>talk and giggles too much during blowjob0/10 Austria can keep her
4443168Yeah but you pay an extra 2% on trades there.
Go compare the price of BTC there to what it's worth in USD elsewhere.