Another team member from ODN fired...Ship is sinking.
I repeat .
Ship is sinking
>>Project lead goes fucking nuts after shilling price in slack.
Wonders why nobody trusts the direction of this.>SageScam hired to pump the price of the coin with his cronies just like WorldCoin and TakCoin>Once SageScam contract up he is bolting with all the money he stole from you tards who bought high>They think this coin is going to come remotely close to the fake ATH ever againLook at SageScam track record.
Publicly brags about his incredible earnings/pumping other coins and then bailing when things go bad
Maybe it was for the best that I got locked out of cryptopia this morning
What the fuck ate talking about retard?
It doesn't matter with such a low volume, you can't dump shit
Google SageFit and you will find his accounts going back to 2014.
He has been known to be a source of a lot of money along with his friends who are hired/choose to pump coins and then bail.
Ask yourself, what does he do in the community now that there are several new communtiy managers?
He was not even at the investor meeting.Pic related, classic playing dumb cue
So ask him maybe?
And i know about it all
What do you think his response is going to be when you ask him?
He is a scammer.
He plays stupid but anyone with a brain can see he was put on the project to pump the coin.
He has no other purpose in the community.
I know a liar when I see one.
This guy is going to say he is no longer comfortable being on the project just like he did with worldcoin
Pumping his own coin
This guy is out of his fucking mind.
Self sabotage, this thing is burning
Truly keked
the slacks of shitcoins like this have to be the most depressing places on the internetfull of bagholders clinging onto absolutely nothing
Lmao not in this case
much like Trump, blackstone has no problem switching up his team when he needs to.
based.and I don't care one bit about him asking if the coin is going back to 5000. how about you guys stop stalking this coin's slack already and get a life.
I didn't get it what the fuck was so wrong with 5k sat comment?
It's fucking nothing
Still trying to figure out who this retard is
Hire 10 people>Fire one of themSHIP IS SINKING SELL SELL SELL
Blackstone is going to rescind this project along with SageScam.
Kek why?
He believes in the project i guess
I don't really think so.
Autists like Blackstone don't just abandon their baby like that.
You probably think Vitalik will just quit working on ETH too.
Xmas Surprise is going to be the deletion of the slack channel and discontinuation of the project
He didn't "shill" a price in slackHe asked someone in the trading channel if it looks like ODN might break the 5k sat barrier.
That's not shilling, it's asking a fucking TA question from someone knowledgeable in that area
Right when he posted this, at least 15k of ODN filled buys from 4k-4.3k sats.
When things calmed down again, those buys disappeared.
Sage also AFK in slack during this.
These 2 are fucking with the price, i am almost sure of it
Man what's your problem are u bagholder?
If yes it doesn't make any sense to fud your own investment.
If not why even bother?
Another good out of context message!
Please try to post the full thing next time :)He is referencing the fact that he has been merging Android code all day with the Android dev.
So good progress is being made.
Great conspiracy theory.
Do you spend your entire day thinking of ways to disassociate with reality, or is this just a side hobby?
he thinks two moderately rich adults are manipulating a market with less than $5k of ODN
SageScam has millions of dollars and pumped until you fags bought at the top.
volume has been 50k a day for a fucking month.
not normal
Wow a whole bitcoin.
You posted like 10 comments in this thread fudding ODN, and they're all stupid.
no volume uptick in the start of alt run bull market.
no real buys.
manufactured low volume trading btwn the team.
you are brainwashed
I think the ODN fud brigade is second in sadness only to the DGB marines.
Shit is bordering on outright mental illness.
>YFW you realize this project is some German coder's hobby>Pumped and dumped by a literal jew who owns a gym called whitestone>team never met in person >only talks on slack>no formal connection to ceo or investment team>fate of project is in hands of coder with language barrier
Anyone thinks there's at least 2 whale (or apparently ones a shrimp group lmao) accumulating this?
We're breaching resistance at 4K and group a is trying to fud like a bunch of pajeets.
They could just sell at the top if they actually had enough capital and continue accumulating... but if they have to resort to this it seems that there could be a group b that could buy them out or take a chunk of their profits.
its the real gucci mane, he's gonna BLACK odn.
Shrimp group accumulating, 100%
 # this guy is probably the first dev they fired.
Boo this man!!!
https://www.instagram.com/jordan_schneid/?hl=enloads of money no background no talk about what he does for the project he was hired to pump the shit out of the coin and nothing else anyone who believes otherwise is delusional scam of the century
 this guy goddamn it
i've known ODN was a scam since it launched, shit set off every alarm there is, anyone holding bags of this shit is literally retarded
shady as fuck
You're shady you fuck.
Probably you referring to yourself.
I'm on to you spaz.
You're some butthurt dev, ain't ya?
unregulated pump and dump market fraud.
the face of it right here.sorry to anyone who bought into this shit thats been dead since the scheme came together
There's no way he's smart enough to even get hired as a dev lol.
His comments make him seem no older than 18.
No developer thinks 15k ODN is a lot 
>Thinks a financially hungry team is out for your best interest>Refuses to make a functioning block explorer and fires the dev who was the main person on the project today>prolonging transparancy as much as possible
Just gonna leave this here
buy ODN while it is under one dollar!
The idea of uncontrolled speech is the one big thing that will be winning 2018, 10, 20.
It's also a better coin than BTC or LTC, it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
I've got a shitload of their coins and shill the project wherever I can.
How does that prove anything?
that guy has been hostile toward ODN for weeks in slack.
For all I know he's you.
Fuck this piece of shit scam.
I have over 100k odn and I'm comfy as fuck ive been in slack every day multiple hours a day and all your out of context bullshit is just debunked bullshit.
rumors have it that Obsidian is being relaunched on a much larger scale before years end.
They had only 3m ICO revenue and plan to go 10x their market cap.
Need 3MM revenue to make an IOS app and hire people who cant make a functioning block explorer while getting fired for being fucking retardedlegit
damn nigga i only have 40k
40k BTC were worth sth after 5 years
Don't get banned guys
I have a way to make 100000mil>can't tell u tho>trust me, v serise
You guys suck.
ODN fud is old news.
See you on the moon if you ever get there no-odn penisholes.
Kys faggot
 team never met in personBlackstone (Claus) just got back from flying out to the UK to have a format meet with Peter, and Sage as well as Tamico
Except SageScam said himself that the team initially met on slack through other projects.
You Threw millions of dollars at a slack meetup where the team chats and never has formalized meetings.
Everything happens from Blackstones basement and the rest of the team chills from their living room.
Remind me again what Sagescam does at this point aside from pumping the price
>Told you degenerates.
They each got $750k and are fucking off.
Never bet on a team that gets the money upfront.
Lesson learned
You are describing like 90% of crypto companies.