I HAD ALL MY SAVING ON BCH!!!!
listening to asshurt neets mad they didnt get in on btc until last month and shillskys
Lost a ton too, anon
You better not panic sell during this dip, ver hasn't even dumped his bitcoin
I HAD 21 BITCOINS AND MOVED THEM ALL INTO BCH AT 0.3 FUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
will he?
haven't seen any proof
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Yeah, how long it'll take for all his btc to move is another story though
just fucking sell unless you wanna lose everything, it's crashing back to shit
I WILL NOT FUCKING SELL
VER was posturing to generate hypeHe isn't going to dump shit.
Lol, like we give a fuck about how much money you lose.Keep your pink wojaks handy, you're gonna need them a lot.
pls be tru
IM SERIOUSLY ABOUT TO FUCKING SELL.
Bitcoin Calash Blownt the Fuck Out>Rug PullKorean Rug Pull>Rug PullKorean Rug Pull>Rug Pull
No, we told you it was a fucking chink miner scam.
But you chose to listen to jihan's pump & dump shills.
In a game theory model Ver will never dump those coins.
He isn't completely retarded like you are
Just do it mani got lucky and got out after a while trying to sellNo one is buying, not even the bots.Lost part of the bitcoin I was holding and told myself I wouldn't play with itSuper rektIt's gonna be a tough week
I fucked up too, bought in at .08 so I only got like 250% when I got out this afternoon.
I couldve made it.
FML i guess there will be more moon missions
lol
Someone Help a brother out who bought into the BCH hype I need one LTC to keep the lights going LhS2K84wCFQoy7QPHKHNa78iAYgEJbuf7e
worst haircut of my life.
my corcuk friend will laugh at me.
im waiting this out im down all my gains and losing some of my own investment cash at this point.
be greedy when others are fearful.
double down like me
This is weak hands folding, give it time
sell dumbass, its over.
Tons of transactions haven't confirmed.
Bitcoin will be dead by tomorrow night after the bch fork.
Huge buy wallas at 1000USD.
We are not going below 1000USD.
Don't panic sell.BTC dies in 13 hours.
Are you posting this in every thread?
yfw he can afford the fee>yfw blocks are rolling in bitcoin while BCH is stagnantIf he wanted to sell BTC he could, BCH not so much.
>he went all in and didn't leverage
what is this EDA thing and something about 13 hrs for BCH?
BCH needs more miners, so they are changing the algorithm to mint much more reward money for miners.
BOUT TO HIT 1300 ON BITTREX ITS COMMINGGGG
this can't backfire
OOoo boy imma be rich, i guess hodl wasnt too bad after all.
Explain to a noob why this means the value will go back up.
And will it likely go as high as yesterday or should I try to sell below that to get out with as little damage as possible (BOUGHT AT PEAK LOL FUCK).
>hold when red, buy more if you have spare money>sell when green, don't be greedy, don't wait for 200-300% profit if you can't wait, sell at 10-15%>diversify it so that you won't feel trapped when it goes downthat's it, that's all you have to do to make it
RULES OF NATURE
Hurr durr you clearly understand the situationKys
Paid shill bro, paid shill
Damn OP you are stupid
hodl is a meme you fags99% of the times you losethis is how you make money, pic related
Apparently China regulated exchanges are going to choose BCH over BTC.
My source?
Saw someone say so on Twitter.
Can't find the tweet now.
Take it for what little it's worth.