Holy fuck my nigga, can somebody please help me.
Where the fuck do I go to trade Soybean Futures?
forex
thats fucking retarded dude
what the fuck dude this is a cryptocurrency boardreported, saged
CME - Chicago Mercantile Exchange (i think)
bittrex
Check out reddit and twitterLots of soyboys on there
too late fag, soy has already skyrocketed in priceyou are late to the game bucko
what's going down OP?
is there a new breed of insects that will decimate half the world's soybean crops?
Have to go all in on LINK firsts
nig I went there I dont understand anything of whats going on.
whats with all these hoops I have to jump through and unfamiliar wordsI just want to trade the soybean futures
you dumbasstrading commodities isn't as straight forward as trading cryptoCME is a derivatives marketCrypto is 99% spot marketfucking pajeet
explain how its doneI want to get in on this swing action
brono fucking way can i do that here man....derivatives are the most annoying and complex financial products out there.
pricing them is full of mathematical bullshit formulas that were developed by post WWII physicists.
don't bother with that shit.
but i''lll tell you one thing.the derivatives market is mainly and i mean 95% used for hedging purposes and not speculation because you can get burned quickly
please
4296987>bro>no fucking way can i do that here man....derivatives are the most annoying and complex financial products out there.
>pricing them is full of mathematical bullshit formulas that were developed by post WWII physicists.
don't bother with that shit.
>but i''lll tell you one thing.>the derivatives market is mainly and i mean 95% used for hedging purposes and not speculation because you can get burned quicklyWhat's an ETC.
i never traded a commodity future in my life.all i know is that you have to post margin and if your position is marked to market on a daily basis.if the value of your position (whether long or short) goes below or above a certain threshold you get a margin call from your broker and you have 48hrs to refill your maintenance margin.
but in terms of reading the pricing and other conditions (because futures contracts are standardized forward contracts that trade on the exchange i.e.
they are more liquid than forward agreements which are traded Over the Counter)stick to crypto ma man
ETC?
i think you're referring to Ethereum Classic
Is this a new crypto??
nigger Im no stranger to margin trading and I use the available options to trade commidities with crypto, but they have barely any options.
only oil and some metals like gold and silver
Exchange Traded Commodity.It's an exchange traded fund.
The fund tracks a commodity index by buying and selling commodity futures.
It's cheap, low-risk and an idiot could do it.
You only have to live with contango and a management fee.
I nevertheless don't understand why OP wants to buy soybean.
If I expect it to go up I would buy soybean oil instead.
From all agriculture commodities for long term gains I would buy wheat or coffee instead.
Tobacco fields are going to be turned into soy.
what the fuck nigger you think Im investing in this?
Im doing leveraged trading for the swings
whoa whoa what website allows me to trade ETCs?
Do what you want.
It's your money.
If you are sure it's continuing to go up in the short term, why not use a leveraged product for some quick bucks.
In Europe you have to open a depot at your bank or a broker.
Burgers are probably allowed to trade using Robinhood.
wtf nigger?
I can go short or buy it doesnt matter what the price does i wanna ride this zhannel