On Nov 30th an episode of the popular American sitcom The Big Bang Theory will focus on Bitcoin.
Like everything this show touches on, Bitcoin will be used as a mere plot device.
Little to no technical or educational information on BTC or Blockchain will really be covered in the episode.That said, it will be casually referred to as the beginning of the end of the Bitcoin Bubble.
There are many factors currently triggering a major BTC collapse, and this television episode won't really be the catalyst.
Because of the timing, however, historians will refer to this upcoming December 2017 crash anecdotally as "The Big Bang Bitcoin Crash", "The Big Crash Theory" or something to that effect.
This will be remembered as the time that Bitcoin "jumped the shark".Screen cap this... and buy more LINK.
show's cancerretarded normies will buy init'll go to 20k per coin
By Nov 30th BCH will be the new king, BTC will be dead, and all the normies will be confused as the episode wont make any sense
... and then crash HARD
good one
>shitty science show even more cancerous than rick and morty >paragraph post>cringy jokes every 2 sentencesthe reddit meter is off the charts!
Dump right before the episode airs... >watch it drop to 7,500...> rebuy>ProfitThis is if the writers shit in bitcoin...which they will undoubtedly do since they’re Jews who only buy fiat-coins...
Now we’ll get to see what the Jews really think about crypto
what?
down to 10k?
Most of the actors and directors and producers are Jews.Most likely scenario is one or more of them will get caught for raping some 13 year old kid and the show will be canceled by Nov 30th.
show's cancer>retarded normies will buy inThey already have bought in, that's why it's at the prices it is now and will soon crash.
leddit the sitcom
>Raj and Howard enter the roomRaj: Guys you won't believe this - I found my old hard drive and it has more than 250 Bitcoins on it!Leonard: Wow, this is great, Raj!>Penny looks up from her phonePenny: Uhmm guys..... What is Bitcorn?>Roaring laughter from the audience, people falling off their seatsLeonard: It's BitCOIN Penny, not Bitcorn..>Sheldon interruptsSheldon: It's a peer-to-peer decentralised digital currency, where transactions are verified by a set of nodes and recorded in a distributed public ledger called a blockch..>Sheldon notices that Penny is not paying attention and looking at her phone again>Laughter erupts once again, several members of the audience are on the ground and seeking medical attentionLeonard: ..It's internet money!>The studio is falling apartPenny: Riiiight...>Penny rolls her eyes in a exaggerated way and looks at her phone againLeonard: ..and it's worth $7000 each..>Penny drops her phone>Everyone in the audience is now deadPenny: So you were saying something about taking us shopping, Raj?
it will literally be everything you just saidalso this show promotes sucking at life so he will lose his private key- but thats too complicated for the audience so the computer will get destroyed instead
I think you're a fan of that show
Commercial breakAnd then....
Cmon write more faggot, this is kek
historians will refer to this upcoming December 2017 crash anecdotally as "The Big Bang Bitcoin Crash", "The Big Crash Theory" or something to that effectmore like "The Big Pump"
this is beautiful and sad at the same time
screencapping.
I'm up 800x my dollar amount as of six months ago, but I don't think I've more than 2x'd my money on a single shitcoin.
damn wrong thread reeeee
Hey OP, they were saying last week that this show was going to air on 11/20.
Post proof or kindly depart from this board.
Caring about your personal finances and future wealth makes you normier than the rest of 4chan by default.
Why are you still acting like you're an actual autist while you're really not.
Are you actually one of the writers?
could be true:http://bigbangtheory.wikia.com/wiki/The_Bitcoin_Entanglementhope not the part about it crashing...
It airs on Thursdays.
So either 23rd or 30th.
Was the biggest crash was $35 to $2?Worst case crash could be down to $1000-$2000Realistically I see it crashing to $5000-$7500.
It's the 30th.
http://bigbangtheory.wikia.com/wiki/The_Bitcoin_Entanglement>Sheldon tries to teach the guys a lesson after they cut him out of a potentially valuable Bitcoin investment
I bet 0.1 BTC that you'll be right.
Guys you won't believe this - I found my old hard drive and it has more than 250 Bitcoins on it!The guys find a laptop which has some virtual bitcoin currency on it.
The computer belongs to Penny's old boyfriend Zack.
This episode will likely include a flashback to 2010.Oh god I can see the crash already.
You just don't get the show.
It takes a certain refinement to really understand the geek culture.
They talk about Linux and black holes and deep theoretical physics.Take it from me.
Read a few books and maybe you'll be able to get into the show.
It will broaden your horizons and allow deep thinkers like me to take you seriously.
Good luck and as they say, bazinga!
:PPP

Damn...
I wonder why this show gets hated on so much on 4chan.
I don't watch it, but come on... Every fucking sitcom is like that.
Seinfeld, Friends, That's 70's Show, etc.
Wow sheldon, I think I'm rich, I mined 100,000 bitcoins before>Well, get the wallet out, lets cash in>dont worry, i stored them somewhere they would be safe, on a site called mt gox>*normies laughing*
caring about money is not normal, normalfags only want money for the travel/cultural enrichment meme
friendsCancerWhat really makes big bang shit is the incessant laugh tracks that are so obviously fake.
And the way that the show couldn't exist without them.
Seinfeld and 70's show hardly have them or don't at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKS3MGriZcs>dat cringe
implying big investors will even let it drop below $7kthe days of cheap BTC are over.
It won't ever dip below $7k anymore (screencap this)
It was at $5700 just from the BCH "takeover" 2 weeks ago.
It will crash harder if something real happens
THE WHOLE UNIVERSE
so buy now sell a few days after airing?Then wait for crashbuy after crash?
the days of cheap BTC are over.
It won't ever dip below $7k anymore (screencap this)screencap your mom if you want screencap
The Bit Bang Theory
Le show for big brain nibbas only meme
Those shows were liquid AIDS that pushed (((degeneracy))) harder than Weimar Germany.