Buy NEO now or cry when it pumps to $100 tomorrow after the announcement and then continues to 350$ over the week and dethrones ETHthis is a huge deal.
you have been warned.pic unrelated.
poor fag bought 1 yesterday at 43 but don't see it pumping now
idiot
Should I sell my RPX for NEO?
I just hope the neo news is good and not shitnews, can't take it any longer losing moneyBE ME:7 Years ago friend that introduced me to 4chan says i heard bitcoin is gona make you rich,Come home ask wife to put money inSays btc and i'm full of shit and friend to,kinda agree cuz wife,7 years later missed moonrocketshe says well to bad you didnt buy any,Now i buy btc and alts like neo and ltc for 120Drops 30%FML
I'M IN THE RED BECAUSE I DIDN'T SELL AT THE PEAK AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Definitely.They've never pre-announced any news before.
And the tweet explicitly said it's BIG news.If you don't all-in now you're a retard.
Don't worry.
NEO has NEVER hyped news before, and when they release it on monday it will be BIG and you are going to be crying for not having bought more on the dip.
When people start FUD on NEO you know whales have started to accumulate, the same thing happened right before Antshares mooned.
noneos end up pic-related contemplating life and why they did not go fullneo
I'll take the word of those dubs.
poor fags buy nuls or legit stay poor for the rest of ur pathetic neet lives
Everyone with a brain has already gone balls deep into NEO and rebought the dip.
The next real rally will start around in about 8 hours, and pink wojacks will follow tommorow.
why did NEO moon yesterday?
Does anybody know what time the news is meant to release?
Do they operate in UTC+8?
pumps to $100 tomorrow after the announcement>after the announcement>AFTER
I woke up to $38 from $45 last night.
Crypto is literally a constant P&D
Just consolidating for today's pre-new releases rush.
Will be an interesting day for NEO.
massive fomo
If you're not a mental retard and can do the slightest amount of research, you already know what the news is, and you also either sold already or will sell today.
no one knows what the news is you fucking retard
>I swear it's not priced in already guys
It's not the NEX whitepaper, if that's what youre implying.
There's something else.
Something big.KuCoin's early launch of NEO pairs was no accident...
Exactly when is the announcement?
That tweet gave me goosebumps something huge is about to be unveiled in which the crypto gods cannot even fathom
absolute fucktard
The tweet very probably has something to do with tomorrow's Fintech conference with Da Hong Fei as a top speaker.
Doors for the conference open at 5:30 pm GMT+8... so in 17 hours or so.Perhaps something announced by Hong Fei himself or by the Neo Council around the same time.
Except that I still don't have an official source for that picture that got passed around on twitter.
You don't consider Malcolm Lerider an official source?
Fuck, he even SAYS he's an official source.
How is Malcom Larryrider an official source?
How is he affiliated with NEO other than being QUOTE:"A China enthusiast and health freak"?
AAAAAAAAA if NEO goes below 30 I'm noosing myself
Malcolm is director of R and D at NEO... and is on the NEO Council...
relax.
whales have been suppressing the price all weekend.
the price is as low as they can keep it right now.
accumulate with them.
Could someone give me one NEO?
Really?
All of that while being a bald headed faggot who plays candy crush and uploads his gameplay on Vimeo because youtube is too mainstream?https://vimeo.com/156150542
this is literally the dumbest fud i've ever read

No way im not giving you a $500 coin
Cool freefall coin
Won't be long now anon.
How is that FUD?
I'm honestly wondering why that pic has not been posted on the official NEO twitter if it's meant to be a big official announcement.I'm kind of worried that it might just be a fart in the wind since it only got posted by that stupid guy.
If you think this is FUD then you're probably a shill who got in balls deep at $45 and is now trying not to drown.
why whales want to suppress price?what whales gains to suppressing price right now?
Priced in.
Just bought 100k.
yes, was this message NEO official twitter, if not, then why?
https://neonexchange.org/Are your buttholes ready?
k here
Come home ask wife to put money inHoly fuck...asking your wife...>she says well to bad you didnt buy any,And now she blames you.Never get married, /biz/.
It wasn't on the official page.
That's what I'm saying.
Check yourself.
sorry boy, sounds horrible that your wife beats you even though you're already on the ground
They can accumulate lower
yeah, every time they suppress the price, the price goes up after a while because of their buying pressure.
I see some green candles boys
primed for one big pump leading up to the announcement.
whales will open the gates and price will shoot up.could happen anytime.now that the rumor was squashed and that it's a big technology announcement for NEO i think price will pump to .006 and stabilize
Sells walls not going down, dont think this is it.
Buy the rumour sell the news
>tfw bought at .006
if you bought at the high HODL you miserable fucks and you will be rewarded
i bought at 43.791 and my liquidation is at 27.7do i hold??
Damn it's crashing hard.
Starting to get worried now.
As soon as it hits 0.0055 or so I'm out.
THATS ITTODAY ILL KILL MYSELF
4448539kek you are retard
A DEAD RETARD SOON U MOTHERFUCKER PIECE OF SHITLOST ALL MY MONEY WITH CRYPTOCURRENCYFUCK U
take a break from crypto, anon.learn basic TA for at least a week and then come back and apply what you learned
>day before news announcement>people dumping now
do u remember antshares?
TA believerIts people selling the news.
I HAD 5KNOW I HAVE 300 DOLLARSHOLY FUCKING SHITI'M REALLY REALLY REALLY SUICIDALFUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCKI'M ALWAYS FUCKING WRONGALWAYSI'M THE KIND OF PERSON THAT KEEPS MAKING A FEW PEOPLE RICH WHILE WE LOSE ALL OUR LIFE SAVINGS
too soon junior
Are you people retarded?
NEO will reach an all time high, maybe at the end the next week.
Why do you get so emotional about something that happens on one day.
See the bigger picture.
'cause i'm stupid and went on margin
wtf?how is that even possible?all you had to do was buy a piece of bitcoinand go afk for a few months.if i were you i'd throw that 300 all in on link.
when is the announcment exactly?
well this was my original planbut then i found out about altcoins and started getting destroyedthen i found about leverage and got even more destroyeda few times i made money, but overall i was losing, losing and losingtwo weeks ago i had 2000 dollarsi started trading and losing, losing and losing

ask my wifeHave fun getting pegged by the judge in divorce court.
This post is now satire and its hilarious.
just woke up, any reason for the dip minus btc going up?
The reason you see so many people brag about making $$$ off altcoins on /biz/ is because all the losers have committed suicide :^)Should have stuck with Bitcoin
Before you hear the news, remember HODL
The shilling for this shit has been relentless...
I am NEVER buying this shitcoin.
I do not care about your pump and dumps.
Fuck you and your coin.
NEO council said the announcement didnt have to do with a partnership, especially not one with the gov.
and there is no news on regulations...So people are pretty much hopping off now since its going to be a basic update on how NEO is progressing.It will probably get reallllly bad tomorrow when the "sell the news" time comes around.
4449516fuck sake, im going to really have to stop myself investing on a saturday, got raped by bch last weelend and now theres a good chance im going to get fucked on neo too, meh.