Redpill me on why I should buy Bcash instead of BTC.
because you just called it bcashBTFO
why would i tell you the reason why i am buying bcash?
In fact by BTC.
Kim Dotcom basically tweeted yesterday that it will be pumped very soon
Basically it's the most alpha thing you can possibly do in this market, seriously.
And also stop calling it bcash, that's faggot shit.
Kim Dotcom is a larper and is literally always wrong.
no one cares what he says
BcashYeah... uhh, just buy BTC friend.
It will totally be fine don't worry.
You sound like a cunt.
You shouldn't.
Stay poor.
Like the last time when BCH totally wasn't pumped like he promised.
Kim is a hero right up there with St. Snowden.
KYS core shill.
wrong!
post tweet or gtfo
Are you blind?
contentious hard forks are part of bitcoins design you're not meant to think a fork is bitcoin just because it maintained the name.
i.e.
if you compared the code of bch and btc it would be clear bch is what is outlined in the white paper not btc.
bottom line:1mb blocks will guarantee high fees and slow transactions which will make btc unusable as a currency which will stop widespread use as currency so it will remain a speculative financial asset (a bubble not a store of value)additionally segwit has no use other than being necessary for second layer systems that blockstream has patents on and will collect fees on.
Segwit also introduces a conflict of interest for those that are settling onto the actual blockchain defeating the purpose of using a blockchain.
Off chain scaling may be necessary or useful in a few decades but there are other solutions like graphene.other core claims:>larger than 1mb blocks will cause centralisation of miners8mb actually increase centralization by less than 1%mb reduces the number of nodes too much8mb massively reduces nodes because they will require 32gb of ram to run.
This not outweigh high fees and slow confirmations when moores law is still on and we haven't even provided node rewards yet.
>asic boost is a problemasic boost increases mining efficiency and jihan wu deserves to be financially compensated for that via his patents.
There are many mining pools with alternatives in development and mining competition increases with bitcoin cash adoption.
If bitcoin cash becomes globally adopted you could envision government subsidizing mining business to secure their economies ability to transact independent of international mining operations>jihan wu (bitmain) conducted a 51% attack on bitcoin cashthis is the equivalent of shooting yourself in the foot1.
Are we gonna see another 20%+ pump this coming weekend again?
Ideal time to buy during the week?
I bought last week at 0.13 and sold at 0.18 hopefully I can do something like this again this weekend.
.>chain death spiral of btcthe difficulty adjustment algorithm of bch means it maintains a consistent block rate even with highly variable hashpower.
this is not something satoshi agreed with as it makes future contentious hard forks more difficult to resolve.
Since we've had like 5 hardforks this year it's not really feasible to not have daa.
BTC has no ability to clear its mempool when bch reaches a certain price, since novermber 13th bch has been operating at the same speed as the btc blockchain without an average 10% of the hashpower which also means miners are mining btc at a loss.
This has been rumored to be a deliberate attempt to maintain as high a difficulty for btc which adjusts on the 24th when they will all switch to bch killing btc.
Fun fact - I once bet Kim dotcom in call of duty
Thanks for this info, anon.
I'm new to crypto and I've been struggling to understand the differences between these two currencies.
Think I'll go 80% BCH and 20% BTC for now
Basically that's the most beta thing you could possibly do, seriously.
And also stop calling it BCH, that's faggot shit.
snowden>herodude he shilled a fucking privacy coin with a backdoor built for the government
Do you think... Maybe he knows something you don't?
Fuck off NSA shill
Because you're gullible.
he was talking about btc there, not bch.
His quoted tweet is one advising to buy btc last year.
When Kim, McAfee, etc.
talk about Bitcoin, they mean Satoshi's vision, i.e.
BCH, not AXA/Blockstream Coin
btc is orthodox christians>bch is catholics>btg is protestants>all working off some white paper written by a dude ages ago who's not around anymoreHistory repeats itself
what a tard
Amen