>bitcoin cash is down like a motherfucker>bitcoin transactions are getting confirmedits over, boys we now are oficially Cashmarines
4338235calm before the storm my fellow cashmarine, fork 7 hours out
forkso its getting even harder and miners will profit even less?
seems like shit
Can you post a link to the countdown for the fork or some other website that shows when exactly it hits?
Dont shit your panties.
Im down 5k but as long as i dont sell i wont make any losses.
Maybe we will be back on track in a hour, a day, a month, or a year but selling low dont get you anywhere.>as long as you didnt buy at ATH because this would be really fucking dumb
No.
It makes difficulty more adjustable.
That's not a bad thing for miners
Don't worry, so long as you believe in the power of shitoshi, you will gain.
This is beautiful.
You stupid fucking cunts, please leave crypto forever.
deludedNovember 13th, 7:06 PM GMT
No, I am not a cashmarine.
Seriously, I bought a lot of shitcoins over the last months, got justed several times, but this time I learned my lesson.
Don't fuck with the king.
And I got rewarded for my faith.
Something wrongI hold my headBitcoin Cash goneA nigga dead
bitcoin cash gangbitcoin cash gangbitcoin cash gangbitcoin cash gangbitcoin cash gangspent three bitcoin cash on new chainmy bitch love hodl bitcoin cash
>People actually fell for the flippening meme again
This wont be the last time we will hear about bch
at least today's candle is green, looks like the bleeding has stopped
BLEEDING STOPED hahahahahHAHAHAHAHA
zoom out, fucktard
when cash is again 1500 will be well over 10kwhile you wait to regain your losses you will lose the only moon mission, BTC
BTC* will be well over 10k
The bleeding might have stopped but the hemorrhaging is just beginning.
hour chart.
where is the bottom?
Yeah, I'm already pretty fucked, but thanks for coming in here and making me feel worse.
I appreciate the time you've spent - it makes me feel so worthwhile.
Are you professionally retarded or is this a side-gig to you?
4338235BEND THE KNEE MAGGOTSALL HAIL KING BTC
looks like a perfect chart to show a classroom what a pump and dump is.
Aww I see you're coping hard.
If you hold your bags for a year, you're going to want to kys for not taking the loss and going back into BTC.
Admit that you were a retard for buying BCH high and recover what you have left.
I asked you a question that you cant seem to answer.
I didn't even know what TA meant until yesterday.
this
and I said TODAY'S CANDLE, which charts did that get you posting?
All the fuddy ones because you're an unrepentant troll, and not even a half decent one.
oh no BCH is dipping hard>better panic sell with losses because this never happened before*insert brainlet meme here*
How do you pick up the threads of an old coin?
How do you go on, when in your heart you begin to understand... there is no going back?
There are some things that time cannot mend.
Some hurts that go too deep.. that have taken hold.
It never gets old
true, HODL BTC for life
Only people like you could even buy BCC in the first place.
You should learn economics not the one that Roger Ver was talking about (the dude dropped out of uni and talks about economics), but the real economics.
Start with the concept of opportunity costs.
Cheers, at least you tried> All hail the king
/10, would impregnate
stop calling it bitcoin cashbitcoin cash IS bitcoinbitcoin core IS bitcoin "bcoin" core
pump and dump>price hasn't changed in 12 hourscorecucks, ladies and gentlemen
muh hashrate>muh transactions>muh flippening
.5x its previous athcan't believe people sold it post fork
true marine mentality, aka retarded.