I'm not even going to try hard to shill this one.Read the 10 page whitepaper for yourself.www.feenix.tech>ico ending today.>will be listed on exchanges next week.>pajeets giving away their moon tickets.>easy going to $1+ on exchange listing.this goes under the radar,normies don't know about unlisted tokens and still buying ico.https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHdiscord group https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B whales, sharks, small fish, everyone welcome.
I'm not even going to try hard to shill this one.Inb4 22 posts by this ID
I won't have the time to make 22 posts.
I'm at work on my lunch break.
dont get scammed guys.no joke people bought 10k these coins for like .05 eth and now making 2-3 ETH, its scam.
FEENIX is dead.
Smart money is moving to Oligarch.
https://etherdelta.com/#0xe469c4473af82217b30cf17b10bcdb6c8c796e75-ETH
Holy fuck.
Dat whitepaper!
Get in here goys.Standalone wallet out in a week , torrents 3.0 to follow.
We will be printing money, easy 100x moon from here.
Anything under 0.0002 will be a bargain by next week.
It's a scam don't buy this coin.
Try to find any of the people that are supposedly working on this project outside of their website.You can't.
They are fictive identities.
Thats sad man.
anyone wishing to make their money back on ogliarch please do yourself a favor and load up FENX right now.
How is it a scam people bought dumped coins and sold them for more?Thats being smart.
i have bought half my coins from someone dumping into my buy order.
BAHAHAHAHA I just visited the website - do you guys seriously think this even looks legit?
Also, it's built on a damn wordpress site.
Wordpress is legit but it's a bad sign in this case.
Not to mention it just looks straight up generic.
Expecting suicidal Fenix bagholder posts in a week.
It's a scam when they don't have intentions of actually releasing a product or following through.
it's a scam when the team behind the project wants to take money and run, not when consumers want to pump and dump coins.
This just looks straight up sheisty, but go ahead, give them you're money.
You may catch the pump and come out with some change but most likely will get dumped on.
seeTry to find them outside the website.
Come on.
Do it.You can't.
you could just call them and ask if they are real.That is outside the website, right?
are you just not looking hard enough when the details are right in front of you?Just found Eric johnson's linkedin and facebook, didn't even take me 5 minutes.
FENX is a scam though.
Oligarch isnt.
No you didn't.
Link them.
I'm assuming you're either one of the fenx scammers or you found the pages of someone who just happens to be called the same but doesn't have the same appearance.
OK, who is on the team?
Vitalik?
Vlad?
Let me check one second.
AHAHAHAHAAHAHA there is no team.
This anon just answered your question Theres a Phone number to contact feenix.Did you call it?
oh, wait.. that would prove its real, of course you didn't.
How does someone answering a phone call prove anything at all unless we can prove the phone is owned by a specific person that is publicly tied to the program?What are you guys smoking?
i've got 300 of these little dream makers am i gonna make it?
There are hundreds of people who got into the ico, there is also 20 or so /biz/tards that got paid to make memes.Then theres the people who have bought on ED.
So be logical, is it a dev on here wasting their time with us?
Or is it more likely to be someone who is holding and just wants to see the price move in line with the coming exchange listing?
I don't usually post, but there is so much fud its obvious they are trying to get you to sell into their bid.
To be honest, you will only make about $400 off it.
If you want a lambo, next week after the HitBTC listing, take your profits from here and put them in cryptocopy.me
Join the discord group.https://discord.gg/c87CJ8Bhttps://discord.gg/c87CJ8BGet in here goys and whales.Theres a whale out there and i want to buy his position, so if its you get in here.
I have like 53k FENX, does that make me a whale?
Sorry, 46k*
EVERY FUCKING DAY, YOU SHILL THIS SCAM SHITCOIN, STOP FUCKING PEOPLE OVER WITH THESE OBVIOUS P&D's