If you don't have more than 100k USD into BTC right now you won't retire a multi-millionaire from holding BTC alone.
I see so many people on here with 1 BTC or less thinking they are going to make it.
You won't.
The bubble will burst long before BTC hits 10trillion+ market cap.Your best hope is to find the next ETH or NEO and 30x your portfolio in 1 year, then put that into BTC.
Don't put your entire future on the hopes that BTC becomes the one global currency for all mankind.
Because that's what you would need to have happen for you to "make it" at this point.
slow af>expensive transaction fees>Muh world currency, muh digital goldDeluded Bitcoin maximalists should neck themselves
break even would "make it" for me
That's right goy, sell your bitcoin and put all your hope in shitcoins.
Buy LINK today!
I made the post more as a PSA for people with low amounts of money in crypto thinking they are going to make it because bitcoin use to be so cheap back in 2010.
The reality is that those days are long gone and you will never 7000x your money on bitcoin again.
Bitcoin is potentially still a great investment for people with 6 figures to invest since a 10x on that amount is a million+ but most of the people on /biz don't have that kind of money.
If you wan't to even have a chance on making it you really need to go all in on some altcoins and pray.
That's why I put 100% into LINK
Same
This is the max comfy chart that drives salty alties madLook at that beach hammock - THATS the anglo's relaxed way of doing things
Yup literally no way link wont hit $1 or more in the near future
Notice how it did nothing for almost 3 years?
Also this chart doesn't take into account marketcap.
The higher it gets the harder it becomes for it to keep going up.
It's all good brah
100k?
try 300k minimum.bitcoin isn't going to 1T anytime soon, we need actual tech to take it there, not derivatives markets.crypto has a long way to climb to 1T, 10B to 100B is nothing in comparison.
MFW buy ETH or LTC>MFW avoid those BTC Trans Fees>MFW when 20 - 100x on Shitcoins>MFW When Trade Shitcoins for LTC or ETH>MFW Trade ETH or LTC for BTC MFW when $140 5 years back has turned into 10oz' of gold through JMBullion and $17g+ in BCH, ETH, LTC, BTC and my new Money Maker ARKWhile my Etrade account has gone from $10G+ to $14G+ ... why did I day trade for so long and not focus on the Blockchain sooner
poo in loo
All you need is 21 to be retired by 2020.
You're literally one in one million if you own 21.
I only need BTC to 8x to never work
In reality it's a lot less.
I can't imagine all the lost Bitcoins.
Anybody know roughly how many lost Bitcoins that account for total supply?
they reckon about 25%
If every "i lost a hard drive" story is to be believed, about 6 gorillion bitcoins
Yep what you fucking retardkys
Don't put your entire future on the hopes that BTC becomes the one global currency for all mankind.
Because that's what you would need to have happen for you to "make it" at this point.It's still more likely and a safer bet than 99% of shitcoins.
There are legitimately going to be suicidal people here years from now that were early enough into crypto to aquire bitcoin, but were swayed by shitcoin shills and ended up holding garbage during a financial revolution.
What prevents btc from being the garbage in this scenario?
https://youtu.be/9zSPKYvZth4?t=15m54s15m54s
It's already a legal currency in Japan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cCVAs1Nd7QWatch it become their national currency.
Thanks for this.
Wish he didn't call it digital gold lel
this super-exponential growth of the past year will surely continuehm
That's how value works
You're literally one in one million if you own 21I'm sorry but this is a really fucking dumb saying.
It's so cringe when retards make it a slogan.
21 btc makes you part of a group of  million, not one out of every million which the idiom suggests (literally as you say).
You can argue double entendre or whatever but it's still really fucking clumsy language, and I see the dumbest 1337 trader larpers use it.
The cypto community is embarrassing.
People said this when it was $200, word for word
Yeah but there were no other crypto currencies.
Things are different
Just because people were dumb in the past doesn't make the statement not true today.
Do you realize how much money has to flow into bitcoin for it 100x at this point?
20 trillion marketcap is more than the USA's debt.
It would literally have to be the world currency to get that big.
Yet just a few days ago there was chaos because a few people wanted to do a software change.
you really think it's anywhere near ready to be the global currency?
it already is the world currency
BTC was about $200 in 2013.
There were several currencies back then.
I get what you mean, but other coins shouldn't affect things any more than they did then.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrenciesWide adoption isn't too far off.
In a scale of years, it's still wiser to go into bitcoin than not.
Oh really?
I didn't know I could pay my bills with bitcoin, fill up my gas tank with bitcoin, buy food with bitcoin or pay strippers with bitcoin.
You sir are a fucking moron.
You already can do all of that with a shift card, but buying a coffee with bitcoin isn't what I meant by being the world currency.
There's more crypto currencies than countries with their own currency.
Something will give.
I could see bitcoin being gold standard and alts (countries) based off it.
Retard doesn't understand that the market cap isn't a measure how much money it takes to get to a price.
The market cap is derived from the price, which is derived from supply and demand.
If Bill Gates wanted to he could wipe out the entire order book on GDAX right now and put a huge buy wall at 1 million per coin.
The market cap (which is a made up number) would suddenly be ~16 trillion.
Does that mean Bill Gates poured 16 trillion into the market?
No, he could do that for less than a billion.
Wow I learned something in this thread
KMD is the next rocket
mfw the only reason shitcoins exist is for people to trade to increase their BTCAlso what's with the correlation between 2017-era crypto newfags who know literally nothing, and their hatred for BTC?
OP, I think you are wrong because of one simple thing you overlooked: marketcap has absolutely nothing to do with the price.
For exmaple, when you see the price of bitcoin you can calculate a "market cap" figure, but that doesn't mean each bitcoin in existence is worth that price- it means that that was the last price someone sold it for.
In fact if you started instantaneously selling all bitcoin in the world, you'd drive the price so far down you'd even hit stop losses and joke bids for 0.01USD for 0.00000001 BTC.
No one should be surprised that market capitalizations can reach absurd levels.
And for this reason no one should believe that it means any particular price point can't be achieved.
Right now its market cap puts it somewhere on the scale of a large international bank.
A 10x scale would put it on the scale of 10 of such banks.
20 trillion would be equivalent of 1/4 the world's Gross domestic product.
Not unachievable.
Well, stretch your mind a little bit before dismissing that possibility.
The World GDP is 80T, but what does that mean exactly?
Virtually none of it is fungible and nearly all of it is subject to depreciation (Today's GDP is tomorrow's garbage).
There indeed become a day when everything is worthless compared to crypto.
Bitcoin zealot logic>since it went up a bunch in the past its gonna keep going up>what about the 18month crash from $1k to $100 in 2014?>that wont happen again thats in the past
What does a 80% drawdown concern a long term holder who just uses the opportunity to buy more?
Were you around then?
Did you hold through 18 months of checking bitcoin everyday and seeing its value go down?
Did you hold through masses of people saying bitcoin is dead?
You really going to be jolly and acquire more as you watch your portfolio drop 80%?
I really fucking doubt it.
Except for the fact that there are a limited number of coins so market cap and price are directly linked you fucking brainlet
That's the same growth % wise.
256 bitcoins reporting.
Sold half a Bitcoin around $2700, honestly didn't think we'd rocket to $7500 lmao.This board is a giant mess of altcoin scammers and retards and should be nuked from orbit.I might sell a little when my btc is worth $10 million, maybe not, depends if I run out of fiat first.
21 BTC club member here.
Any other brahs?
check in.
Finally someone saneMuh marketcap ...baka
Yeah, i bought bitcoin at $600 when it plummeted to the fucking $200 and stayed in that range for quite a while.
I was on fucking suicide watch no joke, but good thing I held because i was quite busy with other stuff in my life and too depressed to sell the Bitcoin in localbitcoins.This thread speaks the truth.
If you want to make it, even though you arent rich now, then alts are your ONLY option.
Kek.
When the %1 moves their wealth from panama and switzerland into BTC and BTC hits 7 figures a coin remember your posts.
Bitcoin will never be worth 10 Million in our lifetime.
We should be lucky if it reaches $500,000 in our lifetime.
BTC
I used to hold 90% Bitcoin and recently decided to go all in ARK for this reason.
You>In charge of understanding my postI think it's time to buy some hyped up scamcoin for you, friend
I bought in May 2013 and held all through the bullshit and bought more in 2015/16.
Don't project your lack of conviction onto me, plebeian
Lol when I was holding bitcoin a two dollar rise was something to get excited aboutYou newfags and altcoiners are clueless
Any community in human society is embarrassing, but not as embarrassing as your childish 'wisdom'
 #LINK hodler roll
muh feels exactly
Agreed.
Its obvious its just salty cunts because they want to experience the incredible (and i mean....truly amazing) enormous gains rush we did.
They will use simple marketing elements of whatever shitcoin they hold large volumes of to try and convince others (but mainly themselves) that their coin will somehow supercede a vastly more established, trusted and valuable coin which is Bitcoin.
I understand why they are this way, but ill be damned if some stupid fucking newfag barely any coiner tells me 'the reality' .
I did hold through '13 to present and obviously the only reason any other coin exists or gets coverage is due to btc.
To write off btc as shit can onky be ignorance.
Heres to the 21st lads.
The 27 club can suck my scrote
And you Bitcoin maximalists hate ETH so much because you didnt even bother investing in it when it was so cheap because "its not Bitcoin".
Luckily some of us old Bitcoiners are more open-minded than you fags.
If it is 500k then Ive save my self 10 years of wagecucking and probably drink to death in celebration.
There are few other ways how to break the chains
Larp.
You own nothing
doing nothing for years is exactly what I wantspeculation is the main disadvantage bitcoin has
Nope
For Bitcoin to reach 1 trillion USD market cap, some serious shit is going to have to go down before it makes that.
I'm talking a war against central banks.
There will most definitely be huge dip before that milestone because of panic.
Not saying Bitcoin won't surpass 1 trillion USD but it's gonna have to fight for it.
Thanks man
Deluded, are you familiar with the Armory cold wallet for Bitcoin?
A popular alternative to Trezor back then but isnt popular now?Are you familiar with Butterfly Labs when they first started selling ASIC miners?
Do you remember how everyone's ASIC miners got delayed for months?Please tell me again how im LARPing and I'm not a Bitcoin oldfag that also invested in ETH?
Stop being bitter for not profiting because of your Bitcoin Maximalism.
Fucking loser.
4277723Wow nice trips ^_^
Trading $600 got me to 1 BTC right now off shitcoins.
Trading $500 got me to 5 BTC in june but I did a lot of awful trades and then cashed out some money to pay bills.
Now that I have gainful employment to keep me from spending crypto, I can leave crypto online and trade.
I have $10k since November 1st from $1k, and am shooting for $250k EOY 2018, at which point I'll dump it all in BTC.
The higher it gets the harder it becomes for it to keep going up.
newfag detected
tfw almost bought the jalapeno miners.
Fuck butterfly labs seriously
"wisdom"Who are you quoting?
That wasn't wisdom, I'm telling you coiners look dumb as fuck for saying that
BTC will last and rise through the next us economy crash that'll crash the whole global economy.
Implying no new supply == no tradingWew lad
okay.
so say u have 500k.
what should u do?
play alts or just throw it in LTC, ETH, and BTC?
You know bitcoin isn't anonymous, right?
People trying to dodge paying taxes have no reason to put their money in bitcoin.
Maybe XZC, ZEN, XMR or ZEC, but not BTC.
Tech is there its proved working safe haven, out of jews reach.
That reason alone will keep btc going since more and more people everyday wanna get rid of their shitcoins called fiat currencies
I think what he means is relative growth in terms of percentage.
Apparently kids these days don't learn about log scales anymore.
Japan is about to need some freedom then.
No one is allowed to leave this glorious monetary system we have now!
This ah so beautifull butt raping, wage cucking, debt slaving perfectly wprking system!
Usas debt is only reason why bitcoin will make the next 100x.
People want to quit that debt based system where they are not the ones who benefit from it.
Look at the new capital control laws in US, they are already desperately trying to escape that trap
The market cap can be whatever the commodity is selling for and has nothing to do with some capacity of the underlying economy, how big the number is, etc.
The number literally has no meaning other than the product of the last sale price times the circulation.
For crypto it can literally be $10T, it just means people won't sell it for less than x*16millionIn the same way a stock price * its number of issued shares is a derivation of price and not a limiting factor of it
Watch it become their national currency.Japanese corporations are about as far back in tech as a first-world country could possibly be.
They're barely starting to move past traditional faxes and you expect them to jump on Bitcoin?
Baby steps please, let them figure out this whole "internet" thing first.
Just to expand on your thoughts, I think what most people fail to understand is that prices can go up disproportionately faster than the total amount of money that flows into the asset, i.e.
not every price on the continuum hast to be traded as the price moves up.
Theoretically there could be a gap in the order book between 1 and 1000 $ but if someone takes that trade for 1000 $ then the market cap will explode by a factor of 1000 while only adding 1000 $ to the asset.
{{{{{{{Monero}}}}}}}
logarithmic scale dumbfuck
yup, even if LINK reaches 1$ which it definitely will very soon I'll have enough to retire
I went from being 1 year old to being 20 year old easily>therefore going from 20 to 400 years old will be easy too
Wow nice dubs ^_^
BCH has reached it's peak, and BTC has reached it's floorScreencap and prove me wrong late