I was promised a dragoning
9 hours to go, realistically 4 hours though
Still 0,6day dude
be patient
The dragoning is happening
this is what /biz/ calls "steel hands"ridicilous
Relax my friends, BCH will be 3k by the end of the weekend.
I'm already feeling comfy af
Wtf, anons?
There will be no dragoning.
BCH will win eventually, yes.
Not so fast though.Hoping for miners to cooperate with eachother is not thibking rationally.
I'm ready for the REAL dragoning.
They don't have to cooperate.
Just follow profitability.
BTCs difficulty wont change much at all todayLook at fork.lol site
You know that's the plan, right?
BTC difficulty going down -1% today.
How is that going to change the profitability much?
They're cooperating pretty well at moment.
Only just in last hours getting greedy and switching to bch mining.
Because it will be combined with a speculative attack to increase the price of BCH and lower the price of BTC simultaneously.
Holding the present difficulty for the next 2016 blocks whilst wildly varying the prices for the mined currencies and making all miners mine BCH instead of BTC out of simple rational self interest without central coordination.That's been the plan all along where have you been the past two weeks?
There are people that actually think BCH will win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJh6EQ5gv7g
That makes sense to me.
I understood that anons here think that miners are going to work together and suddenly all switch to BCH after the retarget.
Any whitepaper/ git announcement on that?
Last time they did not coordinate all that well, while core applied yet another measurement to prevent clogging of the mempool...
You misunderstand the nature of the event.it is not some centrally coordinated attack.
It is a natural consequence of the price moves in the market coupled with an understanding of the way that mining works.Simply by moving profitability at an opportune moment the "attacker" freezes the BTC ledger by starving it of the heat that keeps it liquid.
>he actually fell for the dragoning meme
Wasn't that supposed to happen two weeks ago?Now with current diff adjustment, isn't it only getting harder?
No.. the old scenario discussed on the previous EDA was a chain death spiral, and it's been debunked numerous times.
This scenario is based on the hash power simply migrating because it's more profitable permanently and staying there rather than switching back which was the mitigating factor for the previous CDS scenario.The present BCH DAA is not exploitable in the same fashion, so miners are incentivised to simply remain permanently mining the chain which is the most profitable, and it doesn't take much of a difference from the present equilibrium for that to be BCH permanently.
>not one proof of short positionThe inutterable STATE of bch fud
Haha this