The Ark team is currently at and sponsoring the Princeton Hackathon through the weekend; here's their booth.Considering that Microsoft and Facebook are sponsoring and there are there as well, and with Ark almost established as a legal business entity (97% done on the roadmap), there could be potential partnerships and networking initiated there.
Just my thoughts.
It's a good association, but nothing is going to come of it lmao you think they negotiate partnerships while a bunch of sweaty virgins try to get job offers by coding the best useless implementation of machine learning to some inane task
I'm just saying that it could put Ark on their radar is all.
I think its amazing ark got to where it is today from a humble 1mil start at ICO, this is the second event it has sponsored and it always gains a lot of publicity from themArks one of my favorite coins and I'm super bullish about its future even though i don't currently hold any
I'm with you there anon.
The future looks promising.What's your address?
Everyone should have at least 1.
what's wrong with machine learning, faggot.
you got a better idea of what to program?
you guys got chancoin?
doesn't have any ARKGet some during the dip and start staking it with biz classic, my dude.
Whale trying to keep the price down, he knows soon comes Microsoft/Facebook and most of all rich Daddys from Princeton students flowing in.
Chart also looks pretty bullish.> loaded up 8k Ark, I'm ready FATHER
i just staked ark for the first time yesterday.
how long does it take to receive ark in return?
is it a weekly thing?
it was ""sponsored"" by ark, you retards.
almost like renting a parking lot and saying you have any kind of merit because other people also rent parking lots at the same place
depends on your delegate.
usually it's weekly, but with the next core update the fees will be reduced to 0.01 Ark so the income (and exponentially gains) is daily.Ark mobile wallets at 96%, just checked the roadmap, better get in the ship before the flood
im staked with the /biz/ boys.
i got a little over 5000. does the /biz/ delegate give out returns weekly?
How often will I get paid?By default, you will be paid daily if your share is greater than 1.1 Ark.
You can create an account on our website and adjust your payout to either daily, weekly, or monthly.If you do nothing else but vote for biz_classic and notice you're not being paid daily then it means your daily share is less than the 1.1 Ark minimum.https://classicdelegate.biz/faq
yes yes is always the whales, they've literally had 3 fucking months to accumilate.
Well yeah, no shit dude.
But Princeton wouldn't let just anyone sponsor their event, it's Princeton.
They will be rubbing shoulders with a some people in the industry, not to mention CS students with stacked parents.
that's odd i staked 5200 ark yesterday around 2pm to the biz delegate but haven't seen anything yet .
do they get sent to my wallet that i am staking with?
this
There is literally nothing wrong with implementing machine learning
We are one of the few delegates that have a working True Block Weight implementation.
This means we look at each block we forge and credit our voters exactly what they're owed for each block.You only voted at 2PM so you were only credited for roughly half the number of blocks we forged on 11/09.
If you log onto your dashboard you should see your balance pending.
If you change your payout schedule to daily, you'll get paid tonight.
so since i only got in half way through i wasn't credited for that day yet?
is the default payout weekly or daily?
You are credited for every block you've helped us forge.
If you log into your dashboard you should see a pending balance greater than zero.And as stated in our FAQ, payouts are daily for people without a custom pay schedule set.
If you set your own pay schedule, you can choose between daily, weekly, or monthly.
thank you for answering my questions.
i never created an account i just pledged through the wallet.
ill just see if anything shows up tomorrow
If you give me your address I can check manually during tonight's payout run to make sure everything ran smoothly (it should).
I can also tell you your current pending balance though I highly suggest you register on https://classicdelegate.biz so you can keep track of your pending yourself.
I love you
Hey Chang, do I still get the loyalty bonus if I transferred some Ark out of my wallet to scalp with before sending more back?
42938404293807what is this stake and income you're talking about?
how does this works?
I'm a brainlet, xplain pls.
The balance you didn't send out retains its loyalty bonus.For example:- You have 1000 ark- You send 200 ark to bittrex to trae- The remaining 800 ark is still at 90%- You deposit 300 ark- That 300 Ark deposit starts at 80% and will go up over time while the original 800 (1000-200) remains at 90%y-you toohttps://classicdelegate.biz/faqWhat's Delegated Proof-of-Stake?In short, instead of miners competing to solve a computational problem that'll allow them to process transactions to be added as a new block on the blockchain, users vote for individual delegates to be given that task.
In Ark, the task of forging a new block is assigned to one of the top 51 delegates with the most votes every 8 seconds.
Adding a new block to the blockchain awards the forger with 2 newly minted Ark.
This means every delegate gets an average of 422 Ark every 24 hours.It is common practice for delegates to offer to share their forging rewards with their voters in order to entice them to continue voting for them and secure their spot in the top 51.
I've never owned any before, but it is pretty "steadily" shilled I have noticed over the last while.Looking at the 1day candles, 80% of the days were above the price it's at even if purchased at simple market rate right now..I dunno, good time to buy or what?Or is this shit gonna end up going way further down?cheers
https://blog.ark.io/dpos-and-ark-voting-explained-68596a171ca1
Makes sense, thanks.If I'm grandfathered in (since I voted for you before we were in the top 51), does the transferred-out Ark lose grandfathered status as well?
They're probably just gonna say buy it now obvsiouly
Grandfathered status doesn't matter anymore since we held a vote amongst our grandfathers to change our payout system from a "communist" sliding-scale system to the one we have now.
We may do something more with our legacy supporter accounts like yourself (like we did with the voting) but for now it doesn't mean anything anymore.
I would wait and see if it dips lower, the floor would probably be $2.50.
what's the idea behind voting?
why would a normie want to vote?
it sounds like a hassle
not him but if ure feeling generous ATSbBbtK3MBfy9BWHPrSr8C3mf44dgSy4E
Free money.
Sent ;^)
Join Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%
FUCK OFF
How much ark can I get from PoS?
I got 1,300 am I gunna make it?
That's about 11 Ark a month.We're all gonna make it anon
coasters and stickers =w=I just realized how cool the logo looks kek
As of yesterday the ARK team had over 110 million USD to fund this project.
It’s going to be big.
wait ark is going POS?
Join Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%
Hype builds value.
We're all trying to make money here?
Who cares if nothing comes up of it, as long as road map goals are completed and people BELIEVE something's gonna happen, the price will inflate.
I'm holding now, and will sell at $30.
It’s always been DPOS.
With a good delegate you can increase your stack ~10% a year.
No minimum amount needed to stake, either.
Feeling generous again?
:)AQujN2BxDsQausgq9RpPSKAxsed1nMbRcJ

https://medium.com/@Cobinhood/and-the-winner-is-this-is-the-crowd-favorite-token-2da2f87831d2Being listed on Cobinhood as well.
how sad is it that i'm lusting after those ark stickers...
$20 by Feb 2018
Delegate Proof-of-Stake which is Similar concept to PoS
Ark should put them on their store if they're not there alreadyAnd I know their roadmap say they're working on it but they should be accepting Ark as payment asap
>tfw pullin in 8-9 ark a week from stakingplease dear based god lets this bitch get to $100 so i can quit being a wagecuck
If you've got around 5000, I'm sure you're going to make it.
Ark's going to be YUGE.
We would finally be freePlease Kek, I call upon you in our time of needAnswer me with divine digits if you're listening