It’s quite obvious what the “NEW PROJECT” in the energy PBC pick is going to be.If you’d like to know what it is - send ETH to I’ll send you the link to the project to research yourself and make you rich.Because, it will.
I’ve pushed my entire stack in.NOBODY has mentioned what project it is he is referring to.
EVERYBODY is wrong.I am a PBC subscriber but just for flipping.
In this case.. the tech is so scalable and massive it is a lock for mass adoption.
Mass.
Adoption.
I’ll flip half and hold.
It’s already over, but nobody has presented the evidence.
I’ll send you the link to the “new project” Teeka references and you will immediately “get it” and know the pick(s).
Send ETH and then after you are satisfied, send me a tip because you’re about to be rich....email thebitcoinpirate@gmail with your TX.
0x050b2DD9f8222C85AA7679ED13b038d3d66eA10BYEAARGH.Booty.. MmmmmMmmm..
It's Kore.
TLDR, lemme summarize.> I got so tired of holding my Link bags that I decided to start a PBC rumor.
I keep 1 Kore MN, but no, that isn’t close.I have been reading the project link for a month and not one place has posted it.
I’ve got all my chips in and am willing to share only with 4chan who gave me a start in this world.
Never forget.
Avast Ye, I sold me Link at .42, bought back at .16, hold until doubloon moon.
Not the PBC pick until next spring.
willing to share>wants your coins firstPut out first and then you will be judged and MAYBE rewarded
Argh I can’t keep it secret, I suck at secrets.
Just follow my shit if I ever get off my ass to start making content.The missing link -Www.electricchain.orgThus ends the mystery - the missing link was the “new project” and this is it.
And it leverages SLR.It’s going to be collectively huge, and it is tied to 1 SLR = 1 MW.
I’m installing solar right now and will collect my solarcoin bounty, which isn’t much.But - on top of ElectriCChain.org, what happens when governments or benevolent billionaires realize they can cause a solar storm of activity overnight buy just BUYING UP ALL THE FUCKING SOLARCOINS?SUDDENLY the reward for going solar increase dramatically.
Regardless, NASA, MIT, fuck all, ElectriCChain.org gives SLR a use case that can’t be ignored anymore regardless of PBC pump.But damn, who doesn’t like a PBC pump..
But ya, I’m trying to start a channel and newsletter.0x050b2DD9f8222C85AA7679ED13b038d3d66eA10BLet’s have some fun.
Will look into it thank you
the solar blockchain hint was fake.
and the MIT hint was fake too
Wait so what's pick, OP?
Is electric chain its own coin or is it SLR?
Teeka Don’t LieTeeka Tell TruthTeeka Drop Hints
No, it’s SLR.ElectricChain is an affiliate and a use case that will promote mass adoption of SLR.
When are people buying in?
Now I'm assuming
What hints are you talking about?
The one about the MIT connection?
It was fake
GG 
4420803They delayed their report for November.
don't trus guys
..more time for PBC to sell crypto subscriptions.
Tiwari been holding webinars.
He’s creating an empire.
He backs his shit up.
I do not diss the guy I’m an admirer.
Anyway, more time to buy this weekend.
Consolidation has been going on for a month, duh.
Gonna needa scale a fuckton after Solarcoin goes off and draws attention to the movement.How often do you get to invest in a 4+ year project that has gone unhyped with less than a $20 mil market cap?
This is Teek’s best pick yet.If it isn’t the pick, he’s a moron and I’ll cancel sub.Teeka ain’t a moron.
He’s a master tradesman with one of the best networks in crypto.His pub is worth the $.
..wonder where Francois Sonnet was..
You can go back to shilling your stupid shitcoins like ConfidoOr you can invest in revolutionary blockchain tech that will change the world and save your own lazy fucking dinosaur burning enema assholes.