https://medium.com/@saltisfraud/why-salt-lending-token-is-scam-e435b811f405SALT IS SCAM.
SELL RIGHT NOW!
shit blog.. wheres the proof?
salt fud threads appear within minutesThis is how you know its gonna be a moon mission.
Same shit happened for antshares, omg, walton, confido etc etc.
This is your buy signal folks.
4308998proof is in blog.
sell right now.
all time highs
pointing out basic terms and conditions is proof
>Salt is facing a SEC reculations because it is abusing SBLOC termsNice proof there fudder
4309047sell asap at all time high prices..
Why did you create a medium account just to spam the same shit you have spammed for 4 threads already?I'm doubling down on Salt thanks to your posts.
It is scam please sell
you are just one of those guys that sold salt when it slightly above icostop being salty
You wish, nigger
Exactly -- I saw people fudding the FUCK out of Antshares and I loaded the fuck up at $5 and at $7.
Doing the same with SALT... loading up.
This shit looks like it was written by a sexually frustrated teenager
oh .. dont
please sellwhy do you care what other people do?
why are you telling them what to do?
especially we the people of this cesspool of a message board?
lol autism at its finest
i have my reasons.. i am son of god.. i am good man.. my family told me to be good man.. i am muslim from india.. it is our culture sir
i have a mental condition
Why are there 5 threads spreading FUD about /biz/ now out of nowhere?
Hmm... fishy...
it is not fud.
it is truth.
i have linked you a simple english written medium topic ( it is not my own) and there is good reasons, why salt is scam.
and ponzi too!!
Just a poor attempt at reverse psychology.
Post bullshit, force people to respond with facts, get bystanders interested.
Oh man I love me some tasty FUD.
Total and complete horseshit, too.
The best kind.FUD like this is a clear signal to BUY.
My pockets are already pretty full of SALT but why the hell not...might as well pick up some more tonight.
Thanks, asshole.
Where do I short this shitcoin?