I BOUGHT IN AT 8200 REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This is not a good time to buy btc man.
Everyone is leaving it for bch
going to hit into the 5k;s m8.
pay attention
Its dipping, not crashing.
Bitcoin goes up hundreds every week or goes down hundreds every week.
Welcome to bitcoin.
Just hold and it will recover to 8200 and beyond.
If we get past the 8000 buy wall and it keeps going lower, buy that sub-8000 dip.
everyone cashing out for thanksgiving
deluded fuck
Nope.
Last BCH scare made it drop $1500.
Investors saw how quickly BTC recovered.
They won't sell as easily this time.
I think the lowest we'll go is $7100, more realistically somewhere around $7500-7600.
lmao can you not read charts?
I sold half my stack for BCH other into fiat
10k when
The last time, Jihan went pretty hard with his psychology shill.
Like it or not , chinks made successful power move.
This time he may try to test the limits even further
If I told you there were 2 computers for sale:Comp A is older, slower and costs $8200Comp B is 8x faster than comp A and costs $1600Only a complete idiot would choose comp A.
Stop being an idiot biz.
this lol, probably directly after this shit
Don't be blind/tunnel vission, bch isn't the only thing happening right now thats going to cause btc to dip.
except computers depreciatewhile btc goes up in value and bch goes up half the value of btc briefly before crashing back to earth.
A = apple?
then yes, market would chose the slower and more expensive.
Thats the one thing , you chinks still cant grasp
Or they understand it very well, and that's why they've been kicking the shit out of the rest of the world economically because they haven't fallen victim to the same idiocy.Brands are shit, technology is all that matters.
If you don't realise that you will get your ass handed to you eventually by people that do.
End of story.
it's a normal fluctuation you dumb nigger
FUck all you retards.
Im done with biz.
I have been here SAYING FOR WEEKS "EVERYONE BUY BCH" and here we FUCKING are.
I'm rich and yall are fags.
zoom out the graph faggotthis shit happens constantly
Yeah, but you cannot copy-paste apply your ideologies to the other cultures.
Westerners have been long bred into such idiots.
Rational arguments alone wont trigger the flip.
No, but a permanently frozen ledger sure as fuck will.
And the brand won't insulate against it at all.
what other reasons?
Curious
The fact you think this shit happens constantly is exactly why you're about to get butchered.
yeah ok lol10k by 2018 bitch
At least you clearly deserve the shit you're about to suffer.Enjoy the whirlwind son.
So buy more, what's the problem?
UNDER $8000OH GOD WHY MOMMY WHY
>BTC dips; people buy it>BCH dips in response; people buy it>repeat until their cap moonsInvest in both
Cant wait for the dip so i can buy more before it goes past 10k in 2 weeks.
All you bitcoin cash autists enjoy your fake shit coin.
UNDER $80008040 now it's all good