everywhere u look crypto is #1 topic you retards.biggest bodybuilding forum miscbiggest nigger hiphop forum thecolisoccer moms on facebookbig bang theoryetcetcon all fucking finance subforums its #1 topicif you didnt already made large sums in crypto u are not going to make it
really sad for me but true
/10 FUD, expecting strong counter arguments to sink this though
I'VE GOT 100K OF CHANCOIN OP.
DO YOUR FUCKIN' KEGELS.
HERE'S TOWL..........YOU'RE GONNA NEED IT.
Yeh no one ever made money in stocks since the 80s.
Really a bummer huh.
Too bad the crypto scene is done, you better go back to working the corner.
Investing alone doesnt cut it anymoreVolatile swing trades with margins are way to go
Normies know what crypto is but almost none of them have a wallet.
By the time normies have a wallet, that will be the end of the early adopter stage.
Mention bitcoin>Everyone has a really loud opinion but no one is actually buyingLiterally look on any forum, facebook group or whatever, a lot of talking and speculating but almost no one will actually buy BTC
Maybe for the coinbase currencies, but no way in hell are normies on other exchanges that actually require you to have a wallet and not be a retard
Literally look on any forum, facebook group or whatever, a lot of talking and speculating but almost no one will actually buy BTCthis
Im not sure how else the biztards think btc will get to 100k.
Where the fuck is the money supposed to come from?
We need normies, as many as possible.
Most of the people I know just vaguely know about btc but that's allStill it's getting hype and the greedy and opportunists are getting on board but except investing on bitcoin it's still difficult to make profit trading for them because it requires a decent experience and being mentally strong at some point.Something most people aren't
this completely degenerate faggot retard gets it.how do you think bezos got rich?
normies handed him their money.
i never leave my house so i wouldn't know.
fucking retard>early adoptersfirst of all, the only early adopters was the neets that mined / bought bitcoin back in 2009, NO ONE ELSEbesides, if you actually read the forums, you would have seen that people shit hard on bitcoin, or complain that its too late to buy into it nowno normie is actually buying it, they just know it exists, its still the fake internet meme coin thats stuck in a massive bubble and doesn't have any inherit worth in their eyes
source?every friend I know has a wallet and some shitcoin in it
be me years ago as young teen>shitpost on 4chan and try and find out how to locate the threads I just posted in>some anon asks if anyone has heard of Btc, gives out a free one to first address>download and post address, samefag and post a new address>((he)) sends to first address but not to second>use faucet to get another 0.1 or something>leave me shit laptop on over night and mine 50>continue for a few nights>don't see any value in the $0.0000001 coin and eventually laptop is thrown outTfw missed my one big life chance.At least I've made some money from crypto this year, nothing like I would have though.
I think it's safe to say that springtime bullrun was the phase transition into early majority
This.
Of every 100 people that have talked about Bitcoin / have heard of Bitcoin maybe 3 will actually own Bitcoin.
Normies act in 6 months speed, smart normies r getting in now but not so smart so izi money,
4471736ffs man.
He's not arguing that we don't need normie money for BTC to hit those levels, he's refuting OP who was arguing that we're not early adopters because a bunch of normies have heard of BTC (but don't actually own any).
Can you autists even follow a single short thread?
Normies will speculate by calling it a Ponzi scheme while btc keeps making new ath.We never needed normie money, they needed us.
theres still money to be made.
Q2 2018 bloodbath.
buy back winter 2018
meanwhile the total market cap is only 250 billion for the most revolutionary technology since the fucking internet.see the bill gates appearance on the lateshow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lskpNmUl8yQhow long was it before that shit REALLY took off?
There's room to grow.
My personal experiences and the number of unique accounts on coinbase.
At least with the dot com bubble you'd see people using a website.
How many people do you see use crypto in their day to day life OP?
We are the early adopters.
tfw someday i'll have $83.6 trillion
you would have seen that people shit hard on bitcoin, or complain that its too late to buy into it nowpeople have been doing this since 2010
end thread
ThisU have no idea how slow normies are to thingsI give em 3 years for mass purchase
They think we're in a bubble because they can't imagine anything this good actually happening to them.
comparing the internet to digital gift cardslold
4474161http://www.survey.blockchain.capital/plus there was a recent study that showed that only 2 percent of the population have owned or ever owned bitcoin(go to results at the very bottom of the page)
bitcoin will become the world currency retard.
Even if you have only 10 dollars invested now, you are going to be a millionaire by the time you are 50
7$ transaction fee
Early adopters refers to institutions.
Of course everyone is talking about it when market yields are weak and everyone is cautiously long.
you are rightfucking lmao at retards thinking they are early adopters in 2017.
That was 2013 and before.
At best you are early majority going into late majority by end of next year.
At one of the top fortune 500 technology companies where I work.
I mentioned Bitcoin to a the room with 10 people with CS degrees and they all grimaced and told me it was tulip scam.LOL at thinking that normies have BTC much less any of the alts.
well ur obviously a fukn weirdo m8
has anyone else been following since like 2013 but never really got balls deep into until recently?I mean I used BTC for some purchases but never had enough I could willingly throw away until several months ago.
Watched BTC and ETH both blossom, hurt so much lol.
just glad I have LINK :3