>fell for the REQ scam>fell for the NULS scam>fell for the BCH scamfuck you biz
Buy into the HST scam please.
I did too so if it crashes I'm not the only one wasting money.
REQ isn't a scam but the other two are
Nuls went 5x from when it was first posted here and has stayed above 2x.
Could still be a big coin.Bch has been a pnd, yeah.
Still, it was shrilled from $400 so that's 7x.
Req will grow slowly.
It isn't going anywhere.
Be patient.
If you want to not get burnt, don't buy coins that have already increased by 200%+ over the last day or two.
With that rule you could've still jumped on those two bandwagons early if you were here at the right time, and if you came late you'd avoid getting burnt.
hi uncle sampai
You're upset REQ hasn't gone up 10x in one month?NEO (as Antshares) was around 10 to 20 cents for over a year.
Six months after, it went up to 30 bucks.
Fuck YOU for being so goddamn impatient.
b supply vs 100m million supply
how can u compare this fucking REQ shitcoin to NEO??
there aren't even any chinks on the REQ team and the supply is 1billion u dumby
If you fell for it you're a retard.
It was obvious shilling.
I sold BTC before the dip and bought back in near the floor and bought BCH before the surge and sold before the cliff fall.
If you can't figure this out please read a book or just wagecuck like a normie.
Two of these coins are far from scam you impacient faggot
How the fuck was NULS a scam?
It had massive gains.
kys pajeet rupees have been deposited into your account
Oh my fuck you people with the supply meme.The price of a coin doesn't matter all that matters is the relative % it can increase based on its current market cap.Is it a meme at this point the people that compare supply without any other metric similar to flat earthers, or are these people literally the ones others make money off of?
Buy WTC right now OP.
Moon incoming
buy Rippleit might make it to 25 cents :^)
Alright.How about Golem?
1 Billion supply, was about $0.01 for six months, reached a high of $0.68 and is currently $0.20.These examples aren't even needed.
If you're attacking my point based on the makeup of the team or the coin supply...get real.
why wtc anon?
thisnever ever buy a coin if there's hundred of threads about it with lots of replies, just look at chain linkspot the small threads, invest, once people begin to talk about it, you know its time to sell