What does biz think of ripples future potential?
shitcoin
its a 10x in the next year so you make about 80% every month next year on avg, meaning 2,6% a day ~If you tell that to a boomer he would crazyif you tell that to a crypto wizard its to smallyour choice
terrible
Ripple is the crypto of the future... and always will be
OP here I'm skeptical in some way because it does have a large amount in circulation though each transaction requires some destroyed albeit not alot but as far as the idea of it being pseudo centralized I guess how do you guys think it will affect the integrity of the coin being accepted by banks
I bought 152k @ $0.006 and have never sold any.
I don't know if it's a good move or not.
There are a lot of fine arguments for it.
You can check out xrpchat if you want to hear all the selling points.
That doesn't necessarily mean anything though.
Good technology gets passed up all the damn time so XRP could end up in the trash heap with betamax tapes.
Some guy on Twitter is spreading a rumor that they've lost Europe and North America but they're still in the running for Asia and the MENA region.
I have no fucking clue if he has real sources or if he's just making up shit.
Anyway in spite of all of that if XRP really gets used for its purpose it seems like it could skyrocket in ways that other crypto is incapable of.
Thus I can't bring myself to part with any.
Hopefully my gamble pays off.
None
Well put.
That said are there any other alt coins that peak interest?
I put in 700 bux on ripple.
Am I going to be a millionaire?
Please if you have the time look into RCN.
I think you'll find what you're looking for in a utility token with real life applications in fintech.
Ripple is an amazing company but their business model is to sell xCurrent while helplessly promoting xRapid and XRP.
Bottom line, banks can't warehouse a bridge currency that is volatile, despite the outrageous supply that is currently floating.
RCN's native token is actually a functional bridge currency that will promote financial dis-intermediation which is a fancy way of calling P2P lending.
You could borrow from a lender in Tokyo and the awesome part is that both parties of the transaction liquidate their positions back into their Fiat currency and so the volatility of the token is irrelevant will not have an adverse effect on either party's position.
Genius!!!!
Ripple is going to see institutional money very soon.
Due to their pact with Japnese SBI banks
welcome to fucking january
they have been seeing institutional money for a while now.
as a privately held company their cash flow is generated by selling the xCurrent platform to banks that want to fractionally reduce their operating expenses.
ofcourse the ideal scenario is for them to use xRapid, buy XRP from the market and use that as gas over the xRapid network.
BUT, bank compliance departments are not having any of that.it's amazing how they are still holding their 20c/token.
they tanked so hard after Swell oh and there's XLM that they have to contend with.either way, I don't see what the present value of growth opportunities are for this token.
what's the most this could do during the next few years 4x at best?
that's peanuts in crypto
Fidget spinners are so 2017
All you fuckers r buzzing over Stellar because of some IBM partnership when Ripple has over 100 banks worldwide currently using the platform and some using XRP to save a shit ton of $$$.
I think they have something like 150 employees also - this is a legit company that knows what the fuck they are doing.
Ripple and XRP is the future but it's a slow process because of bank regulations.
Not a coin for huge gains right away but I would suggest anyone DYOR and hold bags for the Long haul.
%THE LONG ASS HAUL; by then your capital would have committed suicide with three shots to the back of the head.
I am very confident
Funny this discussion... No one has seen that XRP increased it's value for about 13% last week on Polo?
No very big gains actually, but It is tanking already...
If you buy in now, holy fidget spinner will grant you a shitload of money by January 2019.What you need is PATIENCE, a thing that is not seen very often with the regular /biz/tard
what's going down in January?
We should see the first outcome of the actual usage of the xrp token.
Usage will increase significantly by end of this year and amongst all sources 2018 is seen as the timespan where ripple will make it or break it in regards of expanding xrp adoption.