The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
Ark got me x10.
Wtf did you give me?
A sourceless fud for no reason

OH SHITA SIGNBRB STAKING MORE
I only have 500 Ark.
Even if it gets to $1,000 per coin, that's not even a million.
Why do people talk about this like it's retirement bliss?Do they expect $5,000-10,000 per coin or something?
Because they have more ark?
Just because you don't have enough to retire doesn't mean others don't.
You really should be holding more than 500 if possible.
4326297Fair.I have $8k in crypto, but I'm divided between 10 different coins.
What % of you guyses portfolio is Ark?
Try to get at least 3500 ark so you receive 1 per day from staking
being a poorfag and having the audacity to whine about your pathetic little investment only going 500x
Over diversified to be honest anon.
Better to split that over 2 coins max.
3 if you want to hodl BTC or ETH.
So like 33% Ark 33% BTC 33% lambocoin of your choice
% of mine is in Ark, 10% in ETH, 10% in NEO.Imo I will be able to retire by November 2018.
Ark getting some good exposure at Princeton this weekend
how much do you have in each of those that makes you think you can retire next year?
,000 Ark15 ETHCan't remember how much NEO but like $8k worth
did you just make a thread to post a pasta ?boi
'eyyyyysame ark herebut more ETH, and much less NEOi hope we make it, brother
i have 80 eth and 5200 ark.
i think we have roughly the same amount in terms of cash value.
your folio is probably better tho.
i just can't bring myself to all in that hard out of eth into ark
I have over 10k ark and I'm 16, moon mission will be in November/december, it already started I bought this shit at 0.20$ cents haven't sold since, this is my ticket to retiring at 21 https://www.tradingview.com/chart/ARKBTC/D8zzQWS2-Ark-at-major-support/
Me too, man.
Me too.
Even if it we don't make it from crypto, we'll make it another way.
In my opinion, not that you asked for it, ETH is safer but at most you're going to 2x your money with it this year.
It would have to reach a $60 bil market cap, which is essentially adding $30 billion to the market cap AGAIN.
Not an easy task.
Especially with Vitalik at the helm.With Ark and NEO however, we could see 100x and 10x gains, respectively.
Especially if Ark becomes ETH 2.0 with a much better ecosystem, once the major roadmap goals are completed.
Ark is the only alt that has entire threads dedicated to FUD.
Don't take it seriously, it's a meme.
stop showing ur ark dicks have mercyi only have 2100
I get you, ETH was babby's first alt for me too.
You can't get emotionally attached to your investments though.
Plus with Ark I pull in 25 a week through passive staking.It's my (hopeful) ticket to retiring by 23, fingers crossed.
Oh and underage b&
I'm 80/20 ARK/BTC.
I'd definitely reduce the number of coins you're in, 3 coins would be a good target.
passive staking?
Ark's consensus method, or way of creating new blocks, is a variant of "proof-of-stake" called Delegated Proof of Stake.
You can read more about it here: https://blog.ark.io/dpos-and-ark-voting-explained-68596a171ca1#.dt7qxt766Basically, you vote for a delegate who then is in charge of overseeing the minting of (aka creation of) new Ark.
There are 51 delegates.
These delegates give rewards to their voters by dividing the newly minted Ark among their voting pool, usually 80-90%.
im guessing the rewards will be a lot less in the future?
it says on coinmarketcap that the supply is 98 million.
does that mean that supply will constantly be growing to a higher value?
there will be less and less over time afaik
There are currently 98 million in circulation, but because it's designed at its core for mass scaling and widespread adoption, the supply will grow to stave off inflation.
Not by very much though, if I remember correctly there's supposed to be 120 million decades from now.
I went all in for 25k ARK this fall.
Had a good ride up with ETH and cashed out some to be comfy and get some toys.
But like we've said here I don't want 2x, but 10x.
I don't have time to trade since i am wagecucking and looking after my son, hence the set it and forget it approach with ARK.
I'm getting 50/week staking with biz_private, so even at these prices that's $600/month.
My Blockfolio looks like a dumpster fire since all this fork horseplay, but I'm confident that ARK will really start to grow soon.
Damn, nice stack.
It will pay off anon.
We're going to make it.Are you staking with biz_private?
You should if you're not
Ya you bet with private