I'm gonna help you all who spend the time who read this post...B3 is curenntly under 10 satoshis satoshis from the floormasternodes info comfirmed yesterday - each masterndoes will cost 25,000,000 B3 coinsthey will get rid of the number 1 wallet which will coin supply to be cutjoin their discord for more info

Total Supply366,583,383,135 B3Max Supply2,000,000,000 B3>WHUT
Tfw bought this shitcoin at 6200 sats
most of the supply will be burned - its done on purpose by the team also the team created Bitcore & Bitsendthis is their 3rd token - which is why B3 :)
if you kept staking, you'd have made a shit ton of coins you are probably sorted for some time, right anon?
27.5% daily stake reward already made many rich.. this is just the beggning
What is this any why should i care?
What is the philosophy behind this coin?
the next generation proof of stake coin - devellopers created Bitcore and Bitsend - they are well known in the commmnityFirst Proof of Stake coin with Segwit enabled.12 times quicker & safer algorthym compared to sha256 ethical hacker Jamie Woodruff as an ambassador of the projectdecentralized exchange next Q2 2018
type - Segwit WILL be enabled next year - see roadmap on website
Looks like a good coin to day or swing trade, Thanks anon
look at Proof of stake coin charts - Dash/Pivx/Bitsend and any others you can think of thats been relatively succesfulthey all start rising when maternodes are implementedmy first target to take profit is 100 satsbut you will see a steady upcurve on the chart as people will be burning b3 coins to run masternodes :) you're welcome anon, discord is the place to be.
- see you there
I love low sat coins due to their insane volatility and possible profit.Where to buy and what price?
I see 4 sats on coinexchange.
Good buy in?
When would I see vertical movement?
coinexchange 4 sats is a good buywe are going through a fork because the masternodes are getting implmented therefor cryptopia has paused trading until the devs tell them to continueif you can get in 4 sats, do it .i'm in since 11, 10, 3... you can stake too and get big rewards matejoin discord to get more info, friend
4521998reported
thank youplease share it with everyone
When are we seeing 100 sats?
BUMP OP
december
there is absolutely loads of room to grow for this coin to grow.
the community is therearound 1500 people on discord at all timesi'll give you a hint as well fellow anonstraditional PoS coins like Dash/pivx etc - you lock up your coins - so it will leave you a chance to sell them coins later on, causing possible dumb in priceB3 - you need to burn the coins (25mil) and you will have a masternode forever tip: team is coming up with a trustless solution so you can buy/sell master node without hassle in the futurebonus tip: the team aims to be in top 20 next year
How much should I buy in to see nice gains soon?Through staking I am already returning my investment, correct?
link to discord?
pretty eyes
He's in great shape for his age desu.
Oh shit biz is actually helping for once?
This low profile coin will make a lot of anons wealthy
i have dropped my horrible LINK bags, and DBIX bags too - im a regular on 4chan and i wanna helphttps://discord.gg/heXU4H3
also regarding not locking coins up to have a masternode... think of 3 months down the line people wanting to buy a masternode: they will have to still buy coins - which they then will have to BURN impermanently, so this will constantly keep shorting the coin supplypeople have already been made rich from the 27.5% daily staking as the hyperinflation happened, however, the opposite will happen from now on - you are buying rock bottom, so you have very little to looseJOIN DISCORD AND JOIN THE COMMUNITY FOR MORE INFO!!!!!!!!!
I just bought 900k am I gonna be alright?
I just bought 500k am I gonna me okay?
yesyeslook guys B3 is going through an important phase as of right now.
do not send coins until exchanges gone through the wallet update(similar to when BTC goes through a fork and exchanges stop withdraw/deposit)JOIN DISCORD and STAY UPDATED
what the fuck market cap now, with that supply I lost my mind to calculate
niggas, with just 2 sat, Mcap showing 60 mil.
no thanks nigga p and d. pl convince me to buy this ?
so retard, they will abandon this ship also like earlier two.
if they create two, why now third one instead of focusing on first two.
big black mark
going through a fork - cmc is not accurate and its not 2 sats you you cuckbtw you are a retard, bitsend was highly profitable if you got in at the right timethis is gonna be even more profitable
okay bought 17k on yobit/If I want buy low - sell high should i just keep it on exchange ?
When will I see a 10-20x?
I'm not fucking with my stash when I'm waiting for the pump 10x.
I leave my shit on exchange.
yes you can.
may as well.
join discord to stay up to date mate - but yes if you just wanna flip it no point moving it all around i guess i would say december - team will get rid of the #1 wallet (long story, come discord if you wanna know) and people will constantly burn 25,000,000 b3 coins to get a masternode