Ark is it.
The One.
The coin that will elevate my life to the lofty heights I always known I am destined for.
A way of living so advanced - so luxurious and secure - that the average human brain cannot even begin to imagine.
I could help them, too.
Tell them to buy Ark right now.
To be the early adopter.
To finally do something to better their pathetic life, to take a chance; to dream.
Allow them, sometime in the future, to boast amongst their mouth breathing, pea brained friends about how obvious the brilliance of Ark was.
To tell the fat, sweaty, steaming piles of garbage they refer to as friends that they knew, well before the magnificent vision, the unrivalled team and the breathtaking tech that is Ark transformed the world, how they knew it was destined for greatness.
But I won’t.
I won’t tell them.
Wont help them out.
Won’t throw them a bone.
A lifesaver.
A way out.
Why?
Because I gain nothing from that.
More importantly, I lose something.
Something big.
I lose the ability, sometime in the not too distant future, when Ark has taken hold of all the blockchains and a new generation of elites have been born, I lose the ability to call them what has become the most offensive, obscene word known to man.I lose the ability to call them a noArkie.
comfy af
makes me want to buy another 1k, comfy af OP
Always comfy in this coin.Even more so knowing the 2.9 ark I generate everyday will soon be worth over $100 each
that's a nice stack.
I'm only at .85/day, but glad to be on the ship
how to mine Ark?
You don't.
Ark is forged by the top 51 delegates.
You vote for a delegate and get staking rewards based on the amount of Ark you hold.
You'll get there :)My stacks just hit over 10k, currently 10075, so comfy desu
Oh coo!
That doesn't sound like a pyramid scheme or a rigged political system at all, how do I sign up?
It's just simple POS, there is no pyramid scheme involved.Ethereum and most coins are moving away from POW, ethereum will be POS by 2018.
not sure if youre being sarcastic but thats how DELEGATED PROOF OF STAKE worksPoS/DPoS>PoWPoW is a piece of shit as bitcoin has demonstrated us perfectly the last week
Stop typing like a redditor
can't generate coins on my own>can vote for someone else to generate coins but I have to buy coins first>not a pyramid scheme
yawn
Ark-Korean Won pair now live on UpBit!
You spend 1 coin, ever, voting for someone.
Then simply holding money in your wallet generates you coins.
It's not like you buy a ton of coins and pay the delegate.
This isn't even good bait anon
WHY IS THIS NEWS NOT BEING SPREAD QUICKER
you're fucking retardedi know its just bait but at least put some effort in it
You can generate coins on your own with no stack, you just need people to vote for you.
Oh fuck I wanna all in now.
LISK
My delegate has been giving fractionally less ark each week.
Is he losing votes?1k comfy here
kek, keep your cartel coin
Got it, thanksWhere do you see the delegates?
Is there a client program I download and do everything from there?
Sirs stop please need to time for accumulate many coins before b-brice moon.
The opposite, actually.
As more people vote for the delegates your vote starts making up a smaller percentage of the total number of votes.
can you explain to me why you think it will hit 100s
Ark is not only the Lisk killer but the version of Lisk that crypto has always deserved.
Instead of bending over to serve the delegates, Ark created a truly decentralized product, and the delegates will need to join crypto instead of crypto joining the delegates.
Not only does it preform Lisk's single, narrow, and fully cucked use case BETTER -- Ark is the first decentralized DPoS that allows anyone to securely provide smartbridge with access to key external data, off-chain payments, and literally ANY OTHER API YOU CAN DREAM UP.
Anyone can now engrain off-chain data directly onto the blockchain in a DECENTRALIZED way and use that data to directly inform trustless smartbridges.
This is the skeleton key we've been waiting for to actualize the blockchain in real world use cases.
Whats the price for someone to use this revolutoinary service?ARK coins.
He's likely gaining votes, so now the payout is being split with more people
no, sounds like he's getting more voters and as a result, your reward is getting diluted
Read again anon, he's saying this can easily go 10x not 30x
4429176So fuck off dont vote for my delegate you scrubs
Where do you see the delegates?
Is there a client program I download and do everything from there?Just install the Ark Desktop wallet client, set up an address/account and then cast a vote for someone.
The more coins in your wallet the bigger your return.If you want to get shilled on someone worth voting for read this thread One of the delegates has been making some posts there with useful information, among others.
Seems pretty solid.
In terms of USD of course ;)
insinuating usd will be very shit soon?
Buy buy buy
USD is shit already, Bitcoin isn't done going up