Anyone who has more than a few thousand in crypto should have one.Ledger or Trezor, which is better?
I have a trezor.
I can't complain.
I have been looking at others though.
I really like the looks of keepkey.
My Ledger arrived 2 hours ago.
Setting it up.
I have both trezor and ledger.
most people seem to like the ledger but I prefer the trezor's wallet software
>not using an air gapped Linux walletBrainlet
Plain dm-crypt USB drive, allows for plausible deniability, make sure you have a few of them stashed in places just in case.
Can you trust buying one from faggotbay?Especially when Chinks are involved...
It's a risk.
They could wait 5 years and then steal a fortune.
Better buy from a more trustworthy seller.
Why on earth wouldn't you order direct?
How much cheaper is that
I have two of each (I don't know why lol) and I prefer trezor cus I don't have to connect it to look at my balance but I like the ledger cus I have to manually put in a pin.
But I keep most of my stack on trezor
Why is it not safe if I have my coins on blockchain wallet with 2FA?
In saying this, i trust my own shit...USB JSON, paper wallet, brainlet passes.If you can't make your own encrypted passes in your head you shouldn't be in this game...
Explain to me brainlet: how is Trezor / Ledger more comfy than like myetherwallet for ETH tokens when your house could just burn down with it or get stolen?
And when you all get arrested by the IRS your fucked
centralizedthey gonna steal it :I
my ether wallet is a website bro.
hardware wallet is a special purpose computer made by smart hackers specially for bitcoin.
I mean I know who I'm trusting in this case
 what is an off-site backup?
Where would you securely store your hardware wallet then?
I mean if you guys, as you describe it, just have it ready all the time to "check balances", move coins to exchanges or whatever reason, it is pretty much as secure as hoarding cash at home.
Fire burns it.
Robbers take it.
after GOX people do not trust exchanges anymore.
its protected by passphrase and pin number.
I only hide my seed
I am not talking exchanges.
So having your passphrase / pin (in your head) would make it recoverable even in case of losing the hardware wallet?
(Yes, I am obviously a moron.)
Both are shitBuy a librebooted T400, run Bitcoin Core on it.
Buy an additional cheap laptop like an x200 for offline keys in Armory or something that has no wifi hard or anything (airgapped).Everything else is a scam.
Lol at trusted ((((specialized devices))))
Right, but if you lose the device, then do you have a way of recovering the coins?
no the seed makes it recoverable if lost.
pin/passphrase make the device useless to anyone but yourself
no, you need the seed for that
Well that was the answer I was looking for.
I am well aware that no robber could do anything with it, but the device would still be gone.Seed it is.
ledger and trezor are opensource you know ?more than your hardware-backdoored memepad
In the end both are the same, as long as nothing can access the private keys, and that they are generated by the device, you're ok.You can also check your balance online without a trezor.
you know that right?
Keep the trezor safely hidden somewhere not so accessible.if you use a computer that gets connected to the internet, or your network has a printer that is connected at some point, you might get hacked.Do you have your private key?.
2FA might help YOUR account, but not their servers being hacked (or a malicious employee)You can have (at least in the trezor) hidden wallets.
It will ask you for a passphrase, if you don't input one, you get the default wallet (leave some BTC in it)but then if you input a passphrase, then it will open a completely different wallet with different addresses.
You can even have second and third wallets
you are making the mistake of thinking the coins live only on the wallet which is not how it works at all.
your coins are on the chain, your key is what allows you to access that location on the chain.
the hardware wallet, roughly speaking, is like a secure way to access the key(which is the important thing).The key can be recreated with a passphrase you create when you start the wallet the first time.the actual wallet can be thrown in the trash, crushed, burned, whatever.When make the wallet you will generate a 24 word passphrase.That passphrase allows you to recreate your key to access your coins on the blockchain with ANY BIP39/44 compatible wallet.So really, that 24 word passphrase is the thing you want to never forget/store someplace extremely secure.
There are ways you can even store it on the open if you want by obfuscication, etc..most people that have alot of coins have the passphrase committed to memory...
If I decide to go full tinfoil hat, I'll just generate payments from a separate computer and put them to the network with another one.
Currently my wallets are PGP-encrypted on 3 USB sticks, use em normally from my computer.
dont get a keep key, their software support is shit.
most people that have alot of coins have the passphrase committed to memory...I could never trust my memory with so many words.Even if I practiced every day for a year, then you ask me a month later, I would probably forget.And what type of obfuscation do people use?Is your computer connected to the internet?Did the private keys/seed words ever show up on your screen?
did they get in memory somehow?Then you're vulnerable, and if you have .1BTC you should get yourself a hardware wallet, or take more precautions and use a live ubuntu CD to generate the keys in an online system and use them as cold storage
all of you are retards.
generate paper wallet from offline computer.
paper cannot be hacked.
always do proper backups and practice opsec and you'll sleep easy
you could just use the last 26 words of an email or something, you always have the email but nobody would know it's your key.
exept NSA, they'll take all your data and feed a black magic program that'll tell them your private key
nothe seed words are from a list of 1024 words.And my e-mail provider could suddenly decide to delete that e-mail.https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039/bip-0039-wordlists.mdAny hacker worth his salt would use bots to look for a high concentration of those words in hacked e-mails.
And e-mails can be hacked pretty easily in most cases (users use the same account and password in other services that got hacked, etc).A friend had his keys in a txt file in his google drive, but not obfuscated.Yeah, he's that stupid.
Yes, yes, yes.
I also used a remote node when doing transactions cause I don't feel like downloading the entire blockchain.Just don't be an idiot on the internet, use noscript, block ads and don't run things that aren't supposed to be run as root as root.
If I had over a BTC I might consider doing those things, but not as of right now.
is it worth getting a hardware wallet if I'm a newfag and could only put in a few hundred bucks into crypto?or could I just set up a USB wallet instead
this is so dumb.
never ever use anything that has been or will be online to generate a seed or address.
you're asking to have your coins stolen
most people that have alot of coins have the passphrase committed to memory...>I could never trust my memory with so many words.>Even if I practiced every day for a year, then you ask me a month later, I would probably forget.>And what type of obfuscation do people use?me too, i don't trust my mem either.as far as obfuscation, you can google.
There are a bunch of techniques for doing this....you just need the right 24 words, so consider how could you write down, say for example, 48 words, such that you would know what the right 24 words are.
hardware wallets sign the transactions in the device itself, so they can send transactions too.
Without compromising your private keys.
I can't be hacked because I use noscripta hardware wallet costs like $80, so not worth it.
You'd end up paying too much for the hardware wallet
for that amount, i would learn how to do offline paper wallets.
you can practice with small amounts and then when you get a lot of coins you'll be comfortable sending those large amounts to your cold storage.
learn it now before you need it
i know it's open source, but i don't trust someone else's software since i cannot code.
i try to eliminate all variables
Do you know if i can store LINK or REQ on this thing?
Waiting for a Monero hw wallet
You actually do use myetherwallet with the trezor and ledger, the difference is the device generates and stores the keys and they never leave the device.
That makes it impossible for any kind of infection on any computer you use to do anything at all, unlike when you make a wallet yourself.
dude if it's opensource you do not need to know code to trust it, you can be sure there are hundred of people that already read it and would tell everyone if something is suspect, you know just for the street-credibility
Give me possible vulnerabilities on Linux that don't involve a browser that are accessible from outside the network.
Closing wireless access from my router is probably the next thing that I could consider with WPA2 being cracked and all, but unless you act like a pensioner on the Internet and don't check your fucking URLs, you aren't gonna get hacked.
i understand that.
i may get one and put a few coins on it just to see if i like it.
Yes
hardware vulnerabilitywhen the USD will fall down the gouv will try to stole your bitcoins and monero
Even with physical access to the device cracking it is not that straightforward.
Using your private keys you transfer your shekels to another wallet.
see, now why wouldn't that be the case with a a hardware wallet?
Ledger can shove in your ass easier than the trezor.
anon what a pain in the ass when you could just use a $80 thing that just fucking works and you literally don't even have to worry about it even if you're an actual real life retard.
One fuckup with the 6 computer airgap fuckin paper master wallet method, and you're fucked.
OR you could plug your hardware wallet into any computer on earth and not even worry a little bit.
see :P
looking at this whole conversation makes me think how normies will ever feel secure with their coins, once they know the possible risks of theft
I need to get either hardware or paper wallet.
Which is safer?
I need to read up on this.
4486520Alright, thanks for the answers.
I'll buy one.
Can't hurt to have one.
I have a ledger nano S and I can tell it didn't works OOB with Linux, you need to run a script that you can found on ledger site that'll make some udev rules
for paper wallet you need to know what you're doing, and you just keep it, can't do much with except save it (which is fine)Hardware wallet can be used for sending transactions too, and you don't need a PC (possibly compromised) to generate your private keys
I have like 3 useless laptops right here that I'm doing jack shit with.What makes you think I'd like to spend my hard earned fiat for something made for people who are technologically handicapped?
So that some Silicon Valley cucks can buy more BTC with MY fiat?
Ok, which of the two handle ethereum best?
here https://ledger.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005165269-What-if-Ledger-Wallet-is-not-recognized-on-Linux-
If it is possible, nobody has found out how yet aside from what has already happened to and been fixed on the trezor.Either way every single past vulnerability needed physical access, and even still if you use password protected wallets on the trezor, the password becomes the 25th word of the seed and absolutely nobody but you can get the money out unless they know your password.
They don't even have any way to know that the wallets exist even if they cracked your trezor.
I have no idea about that, sorry.But I know trezor one works.
I guess Ledger too
Ledger devs are French
What happens if the device dies?
you aren't helping your case
Ledger seem less politically charged so I'm much more interested in their products on that basis alone.I don't like companies becoming politically involved, especially with regards to my money so Trezor can fuck right off.I know Ledger's nano wallet has been out for ages and I've been thinking of buying one but I'm expecting their next generation hardware wallet to be shipped soon, how long do you think before they announce a new device?
implying normies know how to use a ledger I had a bunch of normie friends ask me how to fucking use coinbase when btc hit 8000.I was like hey dumbass dont forget to activate 2fa.
They're all like, what's 2fa?
If you only have pocket money to invest so that 80$ is "hard earned" money, then clearly it is not for you.
their next device is the Ledger Blue, wich is a nano S with a touchscreenthey plan to add Monero on nano S and blue
That 80 dollars is better spent on half a Monero.
Do they both have a lot of altcoin support?I've been using Exodus but I'm getting tired of it not supporting coins until they're already post-moon
if you think that's a good idea, then you go for it.
It's not for people who are technologically handicapped you brainlet, its to make it convenient to use crypto and impossible to lose your money...
you still have your seed words (generated by the device, offline) somewhere safe in your house or wherever
Somehow I still trust PGP with a good 30+ letter password rather than these things.
What political involvement do trezor guys have?
ledger have a lot of altcoin support, check on googleand if you use it with myetherwallet, you can use it with all the ERC20 etherum token (like OMG)
Just don't keep the seed in the same building as the hardware.
If the building burns down or anything stupid like that, and you are shit out of luck.
Ledger BlueLooks like it's been out for almost a year now.
I think I'll just wait another 6 months and see how things go... it'll probably be cheaper for me to purchase too as crypto continues to rise.
ty
just keep in mind that you can't have all the supported wallet installed at once (because of the limited memorie of the ledger), but you can have something like 4-5and you can use it, remove it, and reinstall a wallet you'll loose your monney

*without losing ur money (sorry)
how do they make sure they're not generating a used address if it's offline?
You try generating a used address by chance, see how long it takes.
The chance of that occurring is so infinitesimally small that it's not considered a risk.
usury isn't theft>normies don't willingly partake in usury
true
you would need all computers on earth generating addresses all day long for a collision to happen maybe in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 years.
Or something like that really absurdly high
So just to sum up, LEdger with MEW can support ANY erc20 tokens + btc?
I only hide my seedFrom girls, presumably
yep and more
I think trezor does it too?
yep but : 
that's true, and who knows if you will have to in the future?- police knocks on your door- have to take it through airport security- roadtrip accross the country- zombie apocalypse
better preparing your anus... literally
4487257If I only need my passphrase why not just recover a new one with the passphrase instead of physically relocating it?
Nope.
Safer than storing cash.
You can send money to it from anywhere in the world using the public address, and if it burns down with the house you just restore it using the seed phrase you should have hidden in another location
u no fun
Nah, don't get me wrong, I am all for sticking objects into anuses.
100k link300k reqno fucking selling these at least a year from now, will I make it next yr this time ?
4486490>Open sourceEven if they have a version of the code online that's "open source" what's to stop them from putting whatever the fuck they want in the actual devices?
They could have it generate seeds that aren't truly random and pull off the biggest heist known to man kind in the future.
just don't hold USDt and you should be fine.
S-sombeody answer me.
I actually have a hardware wallet.
getting a separate computer when you could just buy a 90$ USB deviceyou're the retard here my friend
4487880https://ledger.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005214709-Is-Ledger-an-open-source-project-
I developed a hardware gpu algorithm to generate btc adresses and leech them.I pity you guys.>but muh probabilitiesHahahaha.Every adress+pk comes from a cruve.
Stop lying, you don't do that.
4486574nVidia card causes house fire, ledger lost>robber steals it, when he finds out it's unusable he burns itWat do?How do you recover your shekels?
but...I dont even own coins that are on it
with your 24 words seed that u store somewhere else
So this is nothing more than a +100$ gimmick that's just doing what paper wallets generated from an airgapped computer do?Except it's made by hackers?.......
does trezor or ledger work for ETH?
can I keep my linkies on it
it actually does the transactions so your computer never sees the private key in case you're backdoored or something I guess
paper wallet are for holdingu cant make safe transaction with without using a software wallet
My thoughts exactly>if you EVER saw or used your key on an internet connected device you're ABSOLUTELY FUCKED and your coins are already gonestop fucking scaring me like this.
I'm already checking my wallet on etherscan every hour.
Well they could always store their bitcoin in a bank like they do currently with fiat
ok so you all have wallets, but how the fuck do you all cope iwth downloading the fucking massive blockchain?
What about me right now?
I can't afford a hardware wallet but I need to store my shit somehow, and I generated the wallet on this desktop I use while connected to the internet.
It's been 11 days since that wallet was created and my coins are still there so my wallet was either compromised and someone is now waiting for me to send more shit to it before he can steal or it's actually safe and noone has access to it.The uncertainty kills me.
It's making me feel like keeping my shit on binance is actually safer than a wallet.
use light wallet
remote node
cant afford a hardware walletSo you have < $1000?
why are you even in crypto then when the technology is in its infancy
why are you into this early when the potential to make money is the highest??
?are you serious
Oh my god, I just realized I may have to do this at some point in my life.
This, can someone explain.
do people trust electrum?
are there any vulverabilities with electrum?
If you dont have $100 to waste on shit then you have more important things to focus on in your life, like not being homeless
Plausible deniability from what?
The tax man?
They can always try to hack your PC.
Just so its clear to me.
I have my funds in my wallet.
What are the only ways i can lose them.
What are the only ways to retrieve the private keys with the 20+ word encryption?
That 20+ word thing is only if your pin login gets locked right?
If the unit died, and you had the seed words, but the unit was no longer made (10 years down the line or whatever) - then what?
Can someone tell me why I should use a hardware wallet over a good software wallet?
Are these things even open source?
You guys aren't using closed source hardware cryptography to store all your money right?
4489306
So I take it no?
because your pc can be hack when u connect to the internet, hardware wallet need a physical access to be hack(if it can be hacked)
have u guys ever heard of this https://lbc.cryptoguru.org/trophiesa miningpool to mine collisions; its not impossible to find a private key corresponding to an existing adress
Your wallet still needs to connect to the internet somehow to make transactions.
Also assume my 'PC' never gets hacked, or I open up the wallet from seed in a VM/specific computer every time, what advantages does a hardware wallet have then?I just see these hardware wallets as unnecessary overkill that's possibly more dangerous than a good software wallet.
If the device is flawed (and no one knows cos closed source lol) it could very easily be taken from you.
Hard disk encryption has received attention for a lot longer and is probably more secure.
keyloggers
They exist, but even on Windows they're probably rare at this point.
I'm on Linux so I'm not too concerned since I don't install and run software from dumb places.
the goal is to store ur private key in something that isnt connected full time, it just more secure, not THE-security-and-everything-else-is-not-secure
Fair enough, I can see the advantage in that.
But I still feel like it's sort of a meme.Aren't there ways (for some cryptos anyway) to sign a transaction with your private key offline then send that signed transaction to the blockchain later?
If so you could always authorize actual transactions in a locked down container and have a watch only wallet 'connected full time' on your pc.
Are you fucking serious?
thats pretty much what do a ledger/trezor, the private key remains in the device and isnt communicate to your connected pc, exept it cheaper and cosum less power than a dedicated pc
If it breaks and the device is no longer offered/supported do you just have to kill yourself though?
Or is its restoration compatible with software wallets.
you have a 24 words seed to restore your wallet, works on a new ledger/trezor or a software wallet
the seed words can be used in many software wallets.
It uses a standard list of words and a way to make the address from there