
wow $2000?
i noticed its going up very quickly.
i think i should get in now
i really don't know what to make of this but i've been hearing about this recently
its easy, just buy what i say
Thank god I got in
dear reader,I'll make this short.Today we are adding beecash (aka bitcoin crash) to our short term trading portfolio.
BUY EVERYTHING UNDER 4000$ NO STOP LOSSES
Thanks Teeka Pajeet
NO STOP LOSS AND LET THE GAME COME TO YOU MY PAJEETS
Fake
>BCH>No stop lossesI wonder how pissed his subscribers were when he said this last time
Wow Teeka knows...still very early to get in imo, this thing will fly.
thanks for the alert!
wait is this real??
How to spot a fake report:>Stop loss: noneOh gee wee zat was easy
BIG T
That's right goyims, buy those bags.
Buy up to 1,400.
Stop Loss: None.
Teeka loves PotCoin and beeecash
FAKE, IT'S POTCOIN, JUST READ THE OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT, BUY POTCOIN, IT'S GOING UP.
Oh is teeka about to marsala me again on another trade
This shit is getting old.
But as fucking lame as it is, it makes us money.
So im in at 175.
ALL IN LEGGO
You know this shit is watermarked, why risk leaking it?
Why does he call himself big?
so i have a friend who has the highest level of palm beach confidential (not offered anymore) and this is real, just checked.
BUY BUY BUY TO THE MOOON.
THE VOLUME!!!!!!
Can't get any faker than this!
I also have a friend that has the highest level of palm beach confidential (not offered anymore) and this is fake, just checked.
SELL SELL SELL
the darker you are, the bigger your peepee.
this is science.
It's fake as fuck.
His buy/sell alerts are just plaintext, they don't have banner graphics and his horrible face all over them.I think it's funny most fakes of his shit are obvious because they try too hard with fancy-ass graphs and whatever.
His material is just black text on a white background with the occasional excel chart.
THIS IS IT BOYS
Seems legit.
Listen to TIKI.
He will Tikeach you the Way
BCC?is it not bitconnect?
the scammers?
bust it in my boy-hole anon!!
PBC is backing BCH!?!
Its fake, i have pbc
This is fake.he did reocmmnd BCH for short term but only until $1400
I have pbcSounds like you have a disease.
Exactly what someone would say if they know it's going to $2000.... ( ﾟдﾟ)
Ponzi scheme bullshit.
I would rather not make any money than boost this bald fuck's bags like a cuck.