Bitcoin Cash is still cheap AF.One BTC buys you over four BCH.
Soon it's one BTC for three BCH, then one BTC for two BCH, then it's one for one, the flippening
Don't fall for this guys.
Yes.
Hodl those BTC bags.
BTC is totally not free falling from 6k to 5k soon..
I'm not saying BTC isn't going down, I'm just saying that this is just another bitcoin cash P&D
Read the candles and make informed decisions
p&dNope.
This is the flippening.
If the chink miners succeed in killing BTC, there will be no crown to assume.
Your "flippening" would destroy confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
This.
If they succeed they just fucked us all.
Being aware of that, know when to sell
I don't think you understand.
Bitcoin (BCH) can't be stopped.
It's a force of it's own at this point like capitalism itself.
Anyone holding BCH is gonna be very wealthy in the near future.
only a fag uses the word flippening
k
For your benefit, I really hope that you're a paid shill rather than just a useful idiot
Gavin Andresen Drops Bombshell: Bitcoin Cash is the Real BTCGavin Andresen Drops Bombshell: Bitcoin Cash is the Real BTC
No more wave to ride, BCH ers take your profits and go home you are just repeating yourselves in every topic...
https://bitsonline.com/gavin-andresen-endorses-bitcoin-cash/
how did you get binance onto blockfolio?
What are you talking about?
Every fork was a flippening.
None of those destroyed Bitcoin.
BCH is just the most recent fork
get cancer
Fork=altcoin goes off and does its own thing at less than 10% BTC valueFlippening=altcoin somehow turning around and killing BTCThe first one is the status quo.
The second one is the Jihan fantasy.
I'm simply pointing out how shortsighted and self-defeating it would actually be.
Just add the right coin and select from exchanges
binance doesn't show up on bch
I had to add BCC thanks.
Hi All.
The web seems already exhausted on all domains but there is a new frontier which is Africa to which most web activities are still heavily depended on the western formatted activities.
With this in mind, I am on the process of developing the unit web activities that will reflect the African market and based on capturing the African market.I have been studying this trend for some 17years today and well equipped with the know-how on building the African version of web activities.The problem I face now is getting early backers to support, invest to push forward the development.I am therefore making appeal to any/all interested persons or parties who will be willing to be part of this futuristic development to get in-touch so we can discuss further.
You can send private message on here for contact.All communications will be responded to.Regards.The Futuristic African Entrepreneur.
Nothing can kill bitcoin cash, the flippening is upon us
Hi All.
The web seems already exhausted on all domains but there is a new frontier which is Africa to which most web activities are still heavily depended on the western formatted activities.
With this in mind, I am on the process of developing the unit web activities that will reflect the African market and based on capturing the African market.I have been studying this trend for some 17years today and well equipped with the know-how on building the African version of web activities.The problem I face now is getting early backers to support, invest to push forward the development.I am therefore making appeal to any/all interested persons or parties who will be willing to be part of this futuristic development to get in-touch so we can discuss further.
You can send private message on here for contact.All communications will be responded to.Regards.The Futuristic African Entrepreneur.
Can also email me directly through:ndiforgroup@gmail.com
Get in touch with my dick first.