SIRS, PLS BUY EPY ON ED, VERY GOOD COIN MANY MOONS
No one is going to use this.
If it pumps it's because its a PnD.
This is much harder to use than Airbnb which is already established and doesn't really have any problems.
Not everything needs to be moved to blockchain.
The barrier to entry on this is massive.
This is how it goes:>Someone somehow finds the emphy site, >Someone somehow finds a property near them they want to rent.
Alright so all done and dusted right?
Wrong.
Let's continue:>Renter: Hey can I rent your property from "some date" till "some later date">Owner: Yeah sure of course.
That'll be 931.5234591488557 EMPY tokens please.>Renter: What's an EMPY token?>Owner: It's the way you pay on the EMPY network>Renter: Ok so I have my CC so where do I buy them?>Owner: Oh well to get EPY tokens you need to buy ETH or BTC first of Coinbase?>Renter: WTF is coinbase and ETH and BTC?>Owner: Coinbase is a company which sells cryptocurrencies.
So either buy ETH or BTC and then we will be able to get you some EMPY>Renter: OK I've signed up for coinbase and got 0.5 ETH and that was the max they could let me buy this week.
Is that enough for 931.5234591488557 EPY?>Owner: Nah sorry it won't be, you'll have to come back next week to get more but the price flucuates so much so they could be worth more or less and I will have to give you another quote next week, but let's some EPY for you now.
So you've got your ETH you need to send it to a website called EtherDelta.
And you also need to install a program called MetaMask and make an account on it and then trade send about 5 transactions to the block...>Renter: FUck this I'll just use Airbnb.
delete this bro>im trying to accumulate
this.
Please shut the fuck up and stop posting threads ty
Realised I called the token EMPY instead of EPY for most of the post.
Actually should be called EMPTY because that's what the rooms are gonna be lol
42772864277325Based anons
dead on
Just went all in thanks opu know a coins good when it has FUDers that didnt even research it
Yup, hater's everywhere because we got in at 3 cents lower than they did LMAOIt's still near the ICO price you fucking brainlets.A 10 cent coin with a 15 million supply that is not yet on coinmarketcap.Every coin with a low price and low mcap/low supply skyrockets.
It's not rocket science you fucking retards.
and when it tanks from 0.000584 eth to 0.000412. just saying.
i'll hand it to pajeet, it had a good run for an hour but this likely will be worthless tomorrow.
4277387lol they found my thread guys
stay poor buddy.
screencapping this for within the next 3 days.
make sure you come visit this board again.
oh i'll be waiting but you won't post it you street shitting vermin