Hello fellow /biz/raelis,Hope everyone is having a great thanksgiving.
TA fag here with another TA thread.
I will be chart shitcoins, scamcoins and bitcoins.
You can ask me to chart any coin that is listed on TradingView (Bittrex, or Bitfinex).
If you have a specific timeframe let me know as well.t.
8 years trading forex, 4 years trading crypto, 3 years in the financial sector.
What day do you expect that BTC dip to happen?
Bch faggot
can you do TA on XMR?
4528634Yep, basically TA for BTC and BCH in immediate time, thanks.
Over the weekend at most perhaps.
Is there hope for doge?
Could you chart ETH please TA fag?
NEOConsider also the FA, on Nov. 27 and on Dec 5th there will be two conference with NEO/Da Hongfei and you should zoom out a little bit more in your TA, 0,0043 is most likey the floor now, while in another thread you said it should've go down.
RDD DOGE BCH ETH POWRty
If I had to guess I'd say we'll see a correction in the next 1-2 days.
(the rectangle is my entry point.
Looking my Daily chart it seems as though the bulls are getting exhausted.
VPVR shows a slight gap around 7700-7500, meaning that if we break below 7800, 7500-7273 is very possible.
Hope this helps!
I know it’s not bittrex or bitfinex but could you look at REQs chart it’s seen a lot of action lately and seems to actually be holding its highs and pushing new ones with volume growing
Thanks TA FAG, much appreciated.
muh nigga, love the TD indicator
BCH nextThen XMRThen Doge (JUST)NEOI'll chart ETH and POWR the other coins are above
do XMR and POWR please
4528732Thanks for the support!
If you have any questions let me know!
cool thanks TA FAG
How is litecoin looking?
Good returns this month, yet no one is talking about it?
4528660Not really sure what to make of the BCH graph...
I think at this point people expect it to go up if BTC dumps.
So perhaps watch BTC graph to get a good idea of what BCH may do!
Oh and overcourse the bullish cross of the 30MA/13EMA with no signs of bearish divergence on them yet... looks good if it can break resistance.
so what do i buy if i just want something simple that i can hold with modest returns?
What large cap coins have you seen with the best TA setup?
Looking at what to do if BTC dips
4528650XMR here... just waiting on a confirmed break out the 38.2% level... ramp still on.
Daily could be a bullflag forming if we stay at these levels!I spoke about this a couple days ago on my twitter here before the breakout https://twitter.com/ThinkingUSD/status/932721036587442176
cool thanks man, just worried the trend will change soon, and I will miss my target.
all the best for you
Bumping for DOGE thanks and happy turkey day
making coffee will be doing that in a second.
Do FUN.
Doge seems like a standard pump and dump.
TA is pretty useless for it IMOBullish cross on the 30MA 13EMA combo could signal a mega pump coming like back in june/may
It was never a serious thought but when I seen the rise I was thinking there's still life in it so I bought in at the start of the spike was considering cashing out at the first dip but I'll hold and wait for any future possibilities.
Thanks anon.Go n-éirí an t-ádh leat
NEO seems pretty slow
Can you give me some information for Stellar XLM op?Thanks anon, happy thanksgiving to you too.
OMG please
https://youtu.be/EtoMN_xi-AM?t=36s
xzc bruh?
ARK pls
POWR once again, i wonder where its going now after that epic pump
how do you feel about basecoin?http://www.getbasecoin.com/

can you do stratis and vertcoin?
Here's hoping an eth and powr one will happen!
Thank op, happy thanksgiving to you and yours!
Hey TA fag could you do some on Metaverse?
I'm looking for a good entry point.
Sorry for the delay, bitcoin has been going crazy!Guppy shows huge bullish movement potential.
Good possibility for large upwards movement upon breaking .53 and .549
where do i buy back in for btc ta fag???
pls help!!!!
its going down a lot more sheepishly than i thought it would
please do ETH & XMR
both are done my dude4528919
POWR
If we break through the cloud support....
It's gonna freefall for a bit.
coming right up
cloud support?
sorry, not a trader, lol.
the green cloud there?
so... going below 7900?
he called me my dude, life is good
plz do AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRKKKKKK
ark
4530210Bullish my dudes
FINAL REQUEST FORS COINS, RESPOND TO THIS POST IN ORDER TO HAVE YOUR COIN CHARTED.Also if you would like to support me follow my twitter @ThinkingUSD :^)
i already asked for stratis and/or vertcoin and you ignored me.
You are great.
Keep it up.
just need best prediction about where to re-enter.
post on twitter about it later when yuo think you know when?
I need to go to sleep.
Have 100% btc, need to avoid this bch/btc chaos, thinking of putting it in ltc or eth for the night?
Please do NXT
Do RBY please, thanks faggot.
sorry, sometimes I miss posts because of bitcoin price action.
I'll do both since I feel bad.
DISCLAIMER: I hate Stratis and I sincerely hope it goes to zero...
But It could breakout in the next few days, the target is the blue line.Unless you have a set price you're looking to rebuy...
I wouldn't try and time the market.Same with you, i'll be charting bitcoin later and putting up potential long entries.
I believe my long entries are on my twitter under my latest post!
VIB, VERT, XEL if you have time, please.
Thanks!
thanks.
How do you read these graphs?
Same with yougreat man, thanks.
Hello tripfag.
I have come to post some recent charts and enter battle.Elliot Wave Principle
POWR
Bitcoin dip as originally called 3 days ago on twitter @Cryptolain
SYS call on 11/18 at bottom of channel

SYS now
can someone tell me how to read these graphulations?
Did you get filled at 1695?
noice
please do BTG
FCT as posted 11/19
FCT callTA is meme.
TA is a meme.
TA is a meme.
TA is a meme.
TA is a meme.
Hey Anon, can you please do Dash?
Thanks.
FCT nowNice meme lines
Challenge my autism powers fully activated, bleb
Top lines for this bitcoin chart.
Prices yet to come; supports and resistance.The past points of resistance and support determine the future.
As prices move up and down, pressure dies as moving away and towards past support lines.
Trend lines form on diagonals as prices rise and fall and interact with support and resistance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W1P7AvV17wLain does not trade on the wired or exist in the wired.
Lain is the creation of the collective thought of the digital realm in this world, and as this world.
Lain does not trade in the blockchain.
The blockchain exists as a part of Lain.
And Lain as part of the blockchain, where separation is merely defined by the individual, neither separated or constrained within the totality.Lets all love Lain
Looking forward to hearing your current BTC prediction TAfag
Nice life faggot kys
Your Autism leads you to pursue false idiots, the disgraced prophet Elliot will only lead you astray.
Guppy is the one true messenger of Satoshi for scalping, and the infidels such as yourself must burn.
Longed the 23.8% fib on the bounce looking of retouch of longterm trendline, take more profit there (33%) take profit at 8230 (33%) Close 8628(whatever is left)
Double bottom on my personal pinescript.
Destroyer of short tards, cucker of elliot enthusiasts
I am become Flood, destroyer of weebs
any update on lumens?looks like false breakout, but usd is still holding well
All in on BCHBuy now before its too late!
This is just the beginning!
Now way it will dip!I have over 900 link now
so i was supposed to buy back in already?
:(
4532203name of program used?
not program, what do you mean
It's Coinigy, check google
Tradingview... coingy is for nubs
they're doing a blackfriday sale thing... worth it??
Depends on how often you chart/ your willingness to learn + believe in TAI personally just scam them with making a free trail ever 30 days
 do an okcash one nigga
Any opinion on the 8 million dollar buy wall on BCH bittrex?