Is it SLR or POWR?All signs point to SLR for me and they recently presented to the European parliament...
/biz/
no they didnt>total supply 2500x larger than circulating supply>coin is minted to be given in exchange for proof of generating solar power>PROOF, no exchange is made in terms of energy for SLR>SLR gains nothing from giving users SLR>read the whitepaper, once a user proves they generated solar power, and are given SLR, they are instructed to dump it.when will you fucking pajeets put in a minute of research....the point of this coin is to reward people for PROVING they generated solar power, and the reward is meant to be dumped for btcyou are buying a coin where the circulating supply is 0.0004% the total supplythe 99.9996% remaining coins are going to be given to people to dumpyou guys are so fucking dumb
Yes they didhttp://web.ep.streamovations.be/index.php/event/stream/170511-1215-special-stoaYour ramblings don't matter.
Is it the next PBC pick?
please for the love of godanyone dumb enough to even consider buying this.
I am begging you to take 5 mins and research why the total supply is so much larger than the circulating supply.This is from one justed anon to another... we need to end the justings here.
Dont fall for pajeet shillings
4416367You are new to crypto% of SolarCoins will be given to solar electricity producers of 97,500 TWh over 40 yrs.
>all signs point to SLRyou must be a "special" one
MIT connectionsThis is the only MIT backed solar project.
How can someone be this retarded?
you are correct, they will be given to solar electricity producersIN EXCHANGE FOR NOTHING99% are given to producers for proving they produced solar electricity which is what i was saying in previous posts.
SLR gets nothing in return and in the whitepaper you can read that the company encourages users to trade their SLR for BTC.
The coin has zero use.
It is created, given to producers in exchange for proof, and dumped for btc.Enjoy getting dumped on by 99% of the market
ยง1 SolarCoin represents 1 MWh of solar electricity generation.
...what is your agenda?
cheap solar coins before the pbc reveal?
some jack-off students are supporting this.ah I see now, invested 100k
yes they pay you 1 solar coin per 1MWh of solar electricity generation you PROVE YOU CREATED.they are not buying the energy from you, just giving you free coin for proving you generated solar electricity anyone thinking of buying this please explore the sitehttps://solarcoin.org/en/frequently-asked-questionspic related, they are not buying the solar electricity
why do u copy-pasta ur bullshit shill in every single SLR thread??
?Sounds like bullshit FUD.
You seem to care way too much.
What's the agenda, buddy?
Because i have actually done my research.
Biz has given me a lot of opportunities.
If it wasn't for biz i wouldn't have found out about eth at $7 in 2016.
To see it overrun with shilling pajeets trying to scam each other hurts me greatly.
I want the justing to stop, I want us to go back to making money off normies.
This is why I care.
I don't want anymore /biz/rali's to get justed.
Biz has given me a lot of opportunitiesThe new pajeet meme
lmao how many of you pajeets are in the discord pathetically trying to pump this.
your bags are going to be so heavy after the 20th