Attention faggotsLet me explain something to you.
There is a dearth of promising investment opportunities in crypto.
There are currently 5 investments you can make1) HURR DURR BITCOIN TO 50K (which includes all forks and LTC)2) HURR DURR ETHEREUM WILL FLIPPENING3) MUH CHINESE GOVERNMENT (Neo, Walton, Metaverse)4) ICO FLIP 1 MILLION X GAINS5) Getting suckered by lies from shills (air swap?
confido?
bancor?
lmao)Until now.
You can invest in POWER LEDGER.
I don't need to explain it because it's being promoted everywhere (which is a good thing), but here's a break down-HAS partnership with Origin Energy, Australia's largest energy provider-HAS a working product w/ working app/infrastructure to support-Team is amazing, co-founder has multiple degrees, masters, PHD from Oxford, worked at JP morgan, 3 top team members have combined 25+ years experience in green renewable energy, top level talent all around-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr can be used with Tesla home and car batteries-Has received 8 million dollars from Australian governmentThere has NEVER been a coin this solid before.
You're weary of it because you've literally never seen this before in crypto.
Up until now everything has been driven by speculative hype.
Buying coins with no product, that do nothing, that subsist "announcements" every so often to jack up the price after falling Up until now crypto has been pajeet heaven because prices were completely dictated by hype.
Besides coins you can cash out with, ALL COINS ARE USELESS.
I repeat, no coins, such as bancor or district0x or whatever the fuck shitcoin of the week had ANY use.
Most don't even have working products.Until Power Ledger...
I really don't think you guys understand the magnitude of this coin.
This coin is no joke.
Get in sub $1 or you will seriously want to kill yourself in a couple of weeks.
This has nothing to do with that pajeet shill's PBC, PBC is an irrelevant scam group, literally a modernized boiler room from the 90s
POWR isn't taking us to the moons, its taking us to MARS, baby.
My friends gave me shit for not dumping when it first hit 6k.
I'm hanging onto it until it reaches at least 10k sats.
MARS BABYYes, there are smart investors here, but so many dump pajeets with sub $200 portfolios who panic every time there's a slight dip.
"HURRR DURR IT'S DUMPING"No, it isn't.
Shit coins that moon on hype and gambler's speculation pump and dump.
Power Ledger is the real deal.
I implore you wagecucks to do something good for your lives FOR ONCE and invest in powr.
explain to me what is the project about and how is the token gonna be valuable?I'm also tired of all that useless crap out there
AU has a major energy problem.
Tesla home batterys and solar panels are extremely common there.
Unlike us Amerifats who have unlimited resources, Australian power bills often exceed $1000-1500 a month, they literally cannot afford to buy power.
Energy is a huge commodity and Power Ledger will be the market place.
It's going to $2 in a week
$2 in a weekhow?
Watch the charts.
Pajeets are "dumping" because they thought this was some stupid PBC pump but Powr has completely resisted and is up trending again.If you need to ask "how" after everything I've explained, such as how this is a real product that is being used whereas 99.999% of cryptos have no working product, are not used, and are driven purely on hype and speculation, then I can't help you.
I want to fuck Jemma Green so bad.
/biz/raelis call me a faggot but how the fuck do i buy me some powr.
I can't figure it out from the website.
pls no bully
$2 is highly presumptuous but definitely possible in the long runplease understand that yesterday was a pump and dump.
P&Ds are manipulative because these distort intrinsic value from artificial value.
so if you buy into a bull run and think that this is the value of the coin, you end up buying high and selling low because the bottom falls out since it's not backed up by certain fundamentals and because the growth was not organic.
POWR is a great project but if they fail to deliver or if their token doesn't work the way it's designed to then the whole thing collapses.
Don't buy into romanticized narratives that the token could do this or that.
4477000>Australian power bills often exceed $1000-1500 a month, they literally cannot afford to buy power.HAHAHA you are so fucking dumb if you believe this shit.
There are actually quite a few Aussies on /biz/ (incl.
myself) who will call you out on on retarded statements like this.
Our power bills are actually around $300/quarter for 2 people, i.e.
around $100/month.
nvm im retarded
its an 8mil grant from local government, this "partnership" is over inflated.
I saw them on the new here (i live in the same city) and biz is way over embellishing what it is
You can also add that they're implementation partners with Indra Sistemas (largest IT Company in the Iberian peninsula)
POWR tokens are actually a representation of a software's "license fees".
A retailer will need to buy POWR tokens in order to access the fuzebox trading application needed to buy/sell electricity on a household or microgrid level.
This is all in the whitepaper.
This is right, Ausfag here.
$75 a month.
yeah i don't understand why this dude needs to shill desperately.
THe tech is solid it's been proven.
This company is in the meatspace.
You're not a fucking family you idiot.
You're a poor fag drop out who smokes pot all day with your gay lover, faggot.Try having children, or try having appliances besides a microwave that you use for your tri-daily hotpocket meal.
You retard.
No.
Tesla power walls are not 'popular' here.
It's still a very rare thing to see them even get installed in brand new builds.
Yes solar panels are extremely common and do believe POWR will have a role to play in the backfeeding of excess power into the grid.>.thankyou builder
There has literally never been government sponsorship for any crypto currency besides Powr.
How are you people this fucking stupid?
Yeah, keep investing in confidos and other bullshit.
Real investments are clearly not for youThat's a lot considering you live in a car, you forever poor faggot.
You are a low class wage cuck virgin who lives in your mom's basement.
I've been to AU many times and solar is extremely popular there.
no i dont, I dont trade shit coins at all.
I only trade with leverage this "investment" you're speaking of wont have a working product for a really long time to come.
They literally have a working product right now you fucking idiot.Also, if you trade leverage in crypto you are beyond stupid.
I hope you mean actual securities.
Australia has the highest power bills in the world.
http://www.baka.com.au/business/energy/australias-energy-trainwreck-how-we-ended-up-with-the-worlds-highest-power-bills-20171005-gyvdci.html
Solar yes, you low test beta virgin.
But not tesla battery walls as you originally were bullshitting.
AU has more Tesla home batteries per capita than any country in the world you uneducated faggot.
Learn something about the place you live in your complete ignoramus
POWR has no dev team they all left.
Comedy level FUD.
Autistic Aussie can confirm bills are in the gorillion range
AU has more Tesla home batteries per capita than any country in the world you uneducated faggot.
Learn something about the place you live in your complete ignoramusSauce?
Just because they have more per capita doesn't mean that they are actually ubiquitous.
Here you go.
I know people involved.
but hey its ok buy the hype.
So, what do u think that its POWR going?
Atm the value is dropping
The pump yesterday was pure fomo, gonna bleed like link till news
Nice drivers license anon, that doesn't mean shit.
Yeah, im following the graphic for 4 hours now, and it drops hard.
I liked the proyect, but i think i'll sell with some benefits before i start losing.
Btw what does fomo mean?
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Fomo
Ty, was difficult for me
They have all gone to work in BitCar, dig harder.
noob.
yeah fuck off... for a household of 2 people we only pay around $300 quarterlyi think we can manage to afford that m8
How do i purchase said coin?
It says the sale is over on the website
Sell me on bitcar.
You have three minutes.
Bittrex, buy and hold for 3 months and you will 10x your money
No bullshit I think this company will do great things in this space.
Last time I felt this way about a token after learning about it was OMG, both are going to smash it in 2028, imo.
that HK whale group pumping powr?
wtf is this repent pump i just sell at 59 fking
 Aus fag hereWhat the fuck do you use?
Just your iPad?Fuck off back to India.
probably family of 2. melb and syd electricity prices are fucked for families of 5.
 reporting in
Pajeet detected.
You make Money in crypto by HOLDING.I could of sold Ether at 10, 30, 70, 125, 300, 400.
I sold around 300 for around 270x profit.
I'm fucking rich now.
"day trading" is for low IQ pajeet niggers who will die from stress at an early age.Find good coins, buy, then HOLD.
Power ledger is one of the safest bets for a guaranteed 10-20x moon I have EVER SEEN in crypto.This coin will make me a million.
Stupid pajeets stay the fuck out, I can only image how much more terrible you street shitters will become if you ever actually make any money.
4480113Sorry I meant 
Alright dipshit, you got me.I am safe not going in ASAP, right?
It could dip a bit first
read this with a pajeets accent.
powerledger is a shitcoin better join to the new neoconnect, pure chink lending coinhttp://neoconnect.io/e/hjserzyosihkwzhh
Answered their own planted AMA questions, and flunked most of the real ones.
In b4 "yeah but that's reddit"https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/73zjv8/we_are_the_team_from_power_ledger_creators_of_the/
Dude, a 5-10 even 20% dip won't fucking matter in the long run.
Get in and keep accumulating.
You won't even remember "muh dip" when this goes 2x, then 3x, then 5x, then 10x.
Just buy and hold it.
There is no better investment in crypto right now, people are confused right now because they have never seen a coin like this.
It's actual for real and being used, has partnerships, and government support.Anyone who doesn't buy this is a fool.
I run 16 GPUs mining 24hrs, air con, dryer, 3 fridges, etc.
My bill is $600 per month.
You're an idiot.
Does it say how many POWR tokens they have to buy to access the trading app?If even 10k homes hooked up to the POWR grid, would that even budge the price of POWR tokens much besides for speculation?
Governments spend money stupidly all the time.
I'm not saying it is meaningless but it isn't some trump card that makes it obvious that POWR will be successful.
powr confirmed as a pump and dump.
Get out now while you can
how much you make a month from mining in average.real figures, no larping
ikr, I saw mums power bill recently and was wondering what all the fucking whinging was about
Governments spend money stupidly all the timeYeah the welfare checks you and your entire extended family receive are evidence of that enoughNah, AU is known to have some of the most expensive energy in the world.
What you're running would cost more than $600 USD in NY you lying faggot.
makeapp pls
Responding to a legitimate point with a baseless adhom just makes you look like a brainlet pumper.
I've never taken a cent of welfare and have made a shit ton off bitcoin.
He's not an idiot, the people buying this coin are.Can't wait for an EEVBlog video to shut this scam down for good.
This is correcting to 30c.
Your shilling can't stop it.
lol kys.
The only thing correcting is your bank account getting even smaller, as it should be for such a low IQ individual as yourself.
Lol you're in denial because you bought at the ATH mate?
Come on mate I wanna know.
Then I'll tell you what I know as an ausfag who frequents crypto meetups (last one was at Stone and Chalk, the CBA fintech hub) and as someone who owns 10k of this fucking coin.
It's correcting to pre muh govment, muh palm beach levels cunt get over it.
What do you know?
Also are you going to the Power Ledger thing on Thursday in Melbourne?
Btw I bought at 30c, sold at 60c, rebought at 50c then sold again because of this Tether thing.
I was going to rebuy but I also feel Power is going to keep dropping even though the ICO obviously has real life value but at this point in time their coin is not worth what it is.
So when it bottoms out I'm going to drop a few hundred into it and just wait.
Either it will stay low but not become worthless or eventually moon.
10klmao.
I own 80k of this coin.
Fuck off.
I don't day trade, I hold.
Keep being a faggot and trying to time the market, with Powr you'll get burned hard.
When it moons and you aren't holding.
Anyone here been on their Telegram btw?
I've been posting on there for the last few days.
Censorship started a few hours ago when the PBC hype died and Tether got hacked.
They went into damage control.
Also this whole time only ONE of the team has posted on there, and she just said Hi and nothing else.
Thoughts?
Op comes off as trying to sucker us into buying his bags
The fuck are you on about?None of us own tesla home batteries lmao.The lengths amerifats go to shill...
I holdSo do I you shit eating cunt that's why idgaf about it dropping because I got in just above ico.
But at least I don't try to convince other biztards to get in when it's going to drop another 50% you filthy pajeet.> floorLol look at the charts you degenerate cunt
And this shit is not going to $2, let alone $1.
That would require a ridiculous market cap.
>in b4 hur durr muh marketcap doesn't mean anything
The constant powr shill threads are proof this is a pump and dump.
Good luck fags, don't let the dump catch you, sell when you have substantial gainz.
>Coin only based on possible projects ins Ausfailia>Only listed on Buttrekt and Binance>No Aus exchanges>No wallet available>JUST
Australia is the testing ground you fucking faggot.
Are you FUDing or just stupid?
Dammit this qt is a heart breaker - perfectly pretty in a mumsy girl next door kind of way.
Can someone explain, like in retard simple terms, what this power ledger is?Just got into crypto and am using coinbase and blockfolio, BTC is at around 8k right now on coinbase but LEDGER btc is less than a penny.Is it a different currency or a different exchange?
I'm also an aussie and we have 3 people in our home, our last power bill was about $1300.
I dunno what the fuck you are doing to get such a low bill.
Do you cook all your meals with bbq, do you use a fire to heat your home?
Watch some youtube vids of this chick.
She doesn't even seem that smart.
Suspects she just a paid actor.
Im out.
$1000-2000 a month lol.
You're definitely not from Straya.
No btc just costs less than a penny on that other exchange.
electricity is like $1200 a quarter at max, aus still loves coal and we haven't even adopted many renewables/electric vehicles yet.
the only way we got solar panels is when the government paid for almost all of the cost.
do your research blimp
have you mofos even read the ama on Reddit?
huge fail with fake accounts and fake questions and fake answers.
the so called developers couldn't answer the simplest questions from random people.Confido part 2
Not gonna buy a coin that did 100% in two days lmfao
joost is behind this one as well
oh yes, our coal loving government is definitely going to let this one succeed.
agl, energy australia and origin, along with the mining giants wont allow that to happen
What in the fuck.
Unless you are running a weed farm I dunno anyone here who pays over 800/quarter for a house.Fucking pajeets.
Fucking lier.
I have a 5 bedroom house, 3 kids.
A tesla battery and enough solar panels to be self sufficient would take 12 years to pay itself off.
QSP is about to mirror POWR's performance.No fomodyor
Nobody eats hot pockets here.
Confirmed mart sharter.
hotpocket meal.
i would research this shitcoin, but theres nothing to research
On the move again.
This coin can't be stopped.
No, Jemma got her doctorate at my university.
Also I doubt the Elon Musk thing will happen.
But yes, everything else is true.
Oh and my aunty has lunch with her regularly.
Wtf mate, heating and cooking are gas unless your a dense faggot.
honestly, apologies to the foreigners in this thread but dont follow the advice from non australians when investing into this project.
you need to live here to understand the power situation completely, unlike mr 18 posts by this ID
Exactly.
Australia thinks it can save its energy crisis with coal and this government wants it too because of lobby groups.
I would fucking love to see this project do well and talk the entire country into investing into renewables but it won't happen for years and overhyping this project to make a quick few fucking thousand bucks will kill it.
So fuck off you shilling cunts.
No, full power ahead.
The future can't be stopped.I've been to AU many times faggot I hope you get attacked by a swarm of black widows.
this girl is not asian.
ive been to AUand yet you still dont have a clue roflim all for this project, i hope it succeeds but we have to be realistic when it comes to obstacles, like shitty lobby groups and the fact that the coal industry receives billions per year from the federal government in subsidies.
hopefully the pajeets dont ruin what is a great project
Everyone knows dropbears are the most lethal of all Aussie wildlife.
Confirmed pajeet shill.
Find another PnD scam cunt.
Look what asian coins have been so far.
FUCKING SHIT.Australia makes the best coins mate.
We have brains and balls.
spot on cunt, except powr is our bushpig, we've all had our dip, it's pajeets turn now
Mark my words /biz/ will be the death of this coin and its company
your country is infested with asians so i guess that makes it okay.
you get a pass.
cities>countrythere's just way too much space anon, literally giving it away on dubbs
falls for a pnd>rationalises why
yeah we have a fuck ton of energy, literally a "surplus", DYOR burgershttps://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Surplus
Fuck off you can't even stop yourselves getting cucked by Abbo homo erectus and Chinks have already bought up most of your country.
ARTICLE FROM TODAY: GET IN, PARTNERSHIPS IN INDIAhttps://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/power-ledger-price-doubles-during-week-long-surge/"Power Ledger is also currently participating in a blockchain trial with Origin, Australia’s largest retail energy provider.
Moreover, the startup has also partnered with Indian information technology giant Tech Mahindra to establish several hundred microgrids within the country, a move intended to help the company expand its future services into emerging markets."
he thought niggers pay for bags
 obvious kiwiSup cunt
Are you living in some bizarro land where XMR doesn't exist?
Never trust a woman with your money.
Im CAUCASIC so relax ur tits.Anyway im retarded cause i won some $$ and atm with holding i would have a lot more.
The panic made me lose ( i have 3 diferent person money, and i had benefits, so didnt want to risk).
This looks like just another scam coin like every single ICO ever.. Why does this shit need to be a crypto token?
Pajeet confirmed.
Ausfag here, yes solar is common, Tesla batteries fuck no.
Power bill is around 400 per quarter, and we live in a flat.
Not the best bill but no where near 1000 a month.
Fuck off.
You don't know shit.
>tfw I had 24 k Powr and sold it for xvg when it was 130 sats 2 weeks ago.
No want wants your shitcoin.
People don't want "muh untraceable currency", they want PROFITS.Think about it for just one fucking second.. do you REALLY want to use currency that is completely untraceable?
Cause how about I show up with a gun at your house and force you to send me all your "muh monero untraceable shit coin".
What then?
You're just fucked?Sophisticated ways of tracking blockchain transactions are being developed, and thank god.
If the market is ever to grow, there needs to be security put in place.Your only appliance is a microwave you use to heat hot pockets and your only electronic device is a computer you use to watch porn... 400 is pretty high for that faggot.
Kys