USDT/Tether is currently being accused of creating "fake Tethers," or of creating more Tethers than can be redeemed in dollars from their reserve of fiat.This FUD is simply astounding to me, because they're basically being accused of doing what every single bank in the world does, and what every single country in the world does that 'pegs' the value of the currency to the dollar by holding a reserve of dollars and issuing many time more of their own currency tham they have dollars.
The traditional ration is 10:1, so if you have say $60 million dollars you issue $600 million in your own dollar-back currency.
It works the same for "gold backed" currencies.
Here is a list of countries that do this in one form or another: Guyana (GYD) Iraq (IQD) Kazakhstan (KZT) Lebanon (LBP) Maldives (MVR) Suriname (SRD) Trinidad and Tobago (TTD) Macedonia (MKD) Singapore (SGD) Vietnam (VND) Bangladesh (BDT) Burundi (BIF) Democratic Republic of the Congo (CDF) Guinea (GNF) Sri Lanka (LKR) Tajikistan (TJS) Yemen (YER) Angola (AOA) Azerbaijan (AZN) Bolivia (BOB) Egypt (EGP) Nicaragua (NIO) Botswana (BWP) Honduras (HNL) Jamaica (JMD) Croatia (HRK) China (CNY) Ethiopia (ETB) Uzbekistan (UZS) Armenia (AMD) Dominican Republic (DOP) Guatemala (GTQ) Belarus (BYR) Haiti (HTG) Laos (LAK) Switzerland (CHF) Tunisia (TND)And more, source: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_exchange_rate_regimeLiterally what is the big deal?
this, obligatory watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8LyEKxDYbM
The deal is that crypto is an antithesis to fiat, and since tethers is literally fiat, it will collapse just like all other fiat before the might of the King, bitcoin, BTC.
Tether is meant to be a stand in for fiat.>Hurr durrr tether is literally fiat!!
!whew
Are you implying tether can't be printing infinitely at a moment's notice, sweetcheeks ?
It's going to crash, nobody doubts that, but the question is when.
Will it crash from 20k to 10k.
Or will it crash from 9k to 4k.
We'll see
The point is that they're doing this while claiming that every Tether is backed 1:1 with USD, and that people are trading USDT with the false understanding that it'll always be redeemable for equivalent USD, when their own terms of service says that Tether has no legal or contractual obligation to exchange USDT for USD
Thing is, tether promised 1:1.Thing is, tethers have been likely used by bitfinex to manipulate the price of BTC and win longs.Thing is, we all know how fiat works you newcoiner.
Seems you don't know how the cryptocommunity works.
Expect mass sales of Tether and expect tether/bitfinex to not buy them up to support the peg.
4483664So, the problem would arise, when everyone tries to cash in their tether for real dollars.
That would happen with panic.We had some panic already... What do you gues think?
I dont cash out from tether..
I turn my tether to BTC and then cash out.
I dont get the problem.
they artificially inflate the value of one bitcoin to make money.
Dont compare that to big state controlled banks u fucking delusional brainlet
if tether collapses there will be a loss of buy pressure and btc's trend will permanently adjust downward.
I don't know to what degree, when or how long it would take to recover the pricethat kind of event could cause a bch flippening via btc chain death spiral especially if bch proponents pump bch at the right time and jihan switches his mining over permanenetly
Problem is currently hidden because tether was used to buy BTC.
Basically BTC is inflated, and current value is not its real value.
Once the sell starts and it affects the price a lot, it'll be a cascading sell effect where people starts rushing to convert into cash, further dropping the price, meaning BTC full of bagholders.Well, give it a month, and see what happens then.
Even mtgox wasn't a complete drop to 0 overnight.
4483729What most people that do that's going to fuck them on this is selling high the Bitcoin after it's overbought(like right now), waiting for it to drop 10-20+ percent, then buy back with the Tethers.
One day, that will collapse.
Also they are sustaining this BTC bullrun, any TA fag can tell you the last 2 pumps (which conveniently were precluded by minting of millions more Tether) weren't natural market movement
I guess that's what blows my mind, that people are trading tethers thinking every one is backed up 1:1 with US dollars.
How would Tether make money then?
They would basically be operating at a loss.
I mean, not even your bank account is backed up 1:1 with US dollars.
How is this a shocking thing that Tether isn't?
How could they even be a viable business if it was?
I can take out that money with out turning it to another currency no questions askedso how do you do that with usdt?
how many steps do you need to take before you can even take your supposed money out?
USDT to BTC to $$$