Look no further..- 10 million market cap - 45 million circulating supply- Recent listings on Binance and Kucoin - Recently announced a third fully-functional application coming to their platform- Partnerships to be announced in coming monthsThe credit protocol platform built by BlockMason provides the infrastructure that underlies the future of credit among any currency on the blockchain.
It is a platform for anyone to build credit ideas on top of their open source protocol.
Since ICO they have grown their team to accelerate the roadmap with the following additions:- They have brought on a partner & lead strategist, lead technologist, web development lead, mobile app dev, lead operations & finance as well as an art director.
Along with these new additions, the team has welcomed the likes of Anthony Di Iorio, founder of Jaxx and co-founder of Ethereum, to advise the project going forwardThey currently have two fully-functional products on their platform:- The first application, "Foundation Manager", is a compiler that forms a necessary component for any application that wishes to integrate multiple addresses into a single identity.
- The second application, "Lendr", is a simple and powerful application for creating and settling debts among friends.
This enables long-term debt tracking, digital credit histories, personal loans, community crowd funding, and much more.
Confirmed release date by year end.- The third application currently in the works, "Giftchain", is an application for minting gift cards and tracking customer loyalty on the blockchain.
This allows for individualized gift cards and customer loyalty rewards programs.You can see all of that information in depth here:https://blockmason.io/Telegram:https://web.telegram.org/#/im?p=@CreditProtocolCommunityHear what normies have been saying:https://seekingalpha.com/article/4126231-blockmason-credit-protocol-high-risk-high-reward-situation
http://announcements.blockmason.io/preparing-for-launch-and-the-road-ahead/they also updated us today about the Lndr mobile app launch which is coming very shortly
Order books convinced me i should go all in
Ok, I put 1 BTC on it ..
I need some Christmas money.
smart choice anon, we will follow up tomorrow same time to discuss what your retirement plans are
I figure between this, my 10k Ripio, and 5k SALT...one of them has to do something.
I got the 5k of salt at the 1.50 tier so at least I'm up there.
Thanks for heads up-
Dafuq able to trace debt of eachother....playing into taxman corner.
If the poor students of USofA dont pick up on this no one will.
ciao
I would stay away from this one, whenever the price passes the ~$0.23 point someone dumps.
Check the volume in the past days.
that is one application that is aimed at friends and family for small loans or splitting billsthe platform will be central to the blockchain credit industry as you can develop any app within the ecosystem and aren't limited to one application
binance competition has been ongoing for 5-6 days nows and its almost over.. things should improve tomorrow like they did with YOYO and the end of that competition