Is anyone else feeling like something about to happen again?
Calm before the storm type shit?
I've been in crypto since btc hit an ounce of gold price.
That's what made me jump in.
That's what made me jump back into bch this morning after gettimg out of it with 30 percent gains.
Solid support at around this level, even after everything a few days ago..... anyone else seeing this?
How much is an ounce of gold?
I feel it to OP.
Lol fiat is shit.
You should say solid support at 0.2 for example but that's not happening so fuck it.
Sell your bags now and cut losses.
Calm before the stormBack to >>>/pol/ you go.
>the delusion is strong ITT
438226110 sats deposited into your (((blockstream))) shill wallet
How heavy are your bags dude, how much chink coin cash you holding???
Block chain.info announced full BCH support, the first of many companies no doubt.
The herd is coming.
nopeits just the delusion coming from those bags that you're holding
Is anyone else feeling like something about to happen again?Nope.
It looks freaking dead.
Volume is going down too.
yeah i feel it's gonna drop to 400$ in the next week.This shitcoin is dead
I cut my bags losses but I agree that the price has held up remarkably well and it's been bought on the way down.
Strange
Is anyone else feeling like something about to happen again?Yeah Anon, I can definitely feel it too.
i just panic sold at .162, i'm spooked that it's about to crash
It's not a shitcoin, I believe it has a future, I will get in again.
but it is going to see a major correction before any real consolidation.
I'll be hanging from the ceiling before anything happens to this coin.> t. bagholder
Good time to sell?
I want to say it'll go back up but I also have a feeling the current support level could become the new ceiling.
At least in the short term
>buying on emotions
it is a shitcoin.
upgrading to 10mb doesn't scale future wise either.
If we do figure how to scale using side chains in the future, why would anyone want to use bitcoin cash?
NOPE