In between each line is the amount of tether printed to save dips.
Stay safe my friends.
the game is nearing the end
But people but tether with real USD.
It's called buying the dip retard.PLEASE MOMMY MAKE ALL THIS TETHER FUD BULLSHIT GO AWAY!!!!
!EVEN CHAINLINK THREADS WERE LESS ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!!!
the ride never ends goy
woah, it's like there's actual money flowing into the market or something which is being expressed as increased issuance of tethersno way there'd be rising fiat volumes in a bull market though, that's way too sketchy.
Must be a total scam.
guystetheris a NON issueyou think that is a problem?
BITCONNECT IS THE BIGGEST PROBLEMthat shit should get audited
*60 million tether created*
what?
oracle is real problem bastird
how do you find these lines.
this tether conspiracy is ironic right?if demand for tether increases they must print tethers to offset the increase in price.
if tethers were being printed without an increase in demand for tethers, the price of tether would fall below 1usd and no one would ever buy one again.tl:dr it is impossible to print tether to maintain the btc price without dropping the price of tether.
If the price of tether drops no one uses tether.please tell me how I'm wrong you fucking retards
If tether was snowballing, only going up more and more and never dipping, this would be a problem.
But its not.
Its at 60m in the end of that chart.
This , if anything, just proves that tether is nothing but FUD.
Buy more BTC.
The Jews are trying to get everyone to sell their BTC while they still can get them cheap.
God, you're retarded...Your moronic understanding of supply and demand doesn't apply on a currency with a pegged mechanism.
are your eyes okay?tether supply was 7m in january, 54m in april when they started having bank problems and the tether value started plummetting.
something happened to reverse that tether dropping trend.
Tether supply is now 670 million.
not 60, 600.
100x increase this year,
meant to provide linkhttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/

it's actually the only way it works.
tether is only useful if it stays at $1If I buy $100million usd worth of tether tomorrow, tether will have to increase the supply to offset the increase in price
No it's not you mongoloid God you're so stupid, so by your idiot logic if someone sells $100m of tether tomorrow, they will have to destroy some supply to offset the fall in price.
Kek you fuck tard
The catch is that they can't sell the tether.
So the question is, who is the one buying $60m worth of Tether on the last airdrop of Tether?
is this the beginning of the flippening?
yes of course they would
This, and the higher profitability of mining BCH than BTC
It's new money.
There were $60m in deposits at the exchange that created 60m in tether.OrThey're just *creating* new tether for fun.
4459508yo m8s.
I think you're both kinda right.
>If I buy $100million usd worth of tether tomorrow, tether will have to increase the supply to offset the increase in priceYeah.
Think of the exchange as a market maker with a target price to maintain.
It has to do whatever is necessary to keep it at $1.
That includes facilitating your $100m buy by either creating or having $100m worth of tether on hand.
The same happens when people sell BTC for Tether.
The exchange (market maker) aims to transact at $1:1 tether.
So a 10,000 BTC sell for USDT would require the market maker to have 75m USDT on hand OR they would have to create the USDT (@$7500/BTC).The possibly problem comes in when people want to sell USDT for USD.
The exchange (market maker) aims to transact at $1:1 tether.
So a 75 USDT sell for USD would require the exchange to have $75m USD on hand.
Do they?
Does bitfinex keep enough USD to back up their tether?
We don't know, and the uncertainty of that they have and what they're doing with the USD should be cause for concern at this scale.
As evedent in their terms of service, THEY ARE NOT REQUIRED TO TRANSACT USDT FOR TETHER AT A $1:1 RATE.
If shit hits the fan, USDT marines are out of luck.
Yeah, but who deposited $60m?
Pajeet and his family?
Are you like retarded?And you can't deposit USD into the exchange.
I agree with this but who is so retarded to be holding tether thinking it's as good as usd?either way even $700million is less than .5% of crypto market cap this is all FUD
And you can't deposit USD into the exchange.You can if you are corporate client sweetie.
exactly.
nobody deposited ANY USD, since 54 million tether supply at least, perhaps even earlier.ALL of that tether value was created by people "sell"ing crypto for (imaginary) USDT hedge.
that value can only leave in the form of crypto or USDT.
it won't drop the price of bitcoin though, it will send it through the roof (on bfx).
Soon.
I agree with this but who is so retarded to be holding tether thinking it's as good as usd?I have had debates with people on this very board who believe that 1USDT=1USD, and that they are guaranteed to be redeemable.You just can't help some people.
Coinbase?
Bitpay?
Any BTC retailer that buys off the the exchanges.
Actually informative.
Do you have more?
Where do these investors buy their swps?