https://mobile.twitter.com/SubstratumNet/status/931689953511329792Substratum is decentralizing Accra to the internet, the next big thing after currency, contracts and oracles.Its normie friendly It’s being added to Bittex by EOY (not bullshit, dyor)Team is uber-communicative Now the project itself.. here’s a couple reasons:1.
Internet Censorship Becomes Obsolete.
This makes crypto unstoppable.
Not overnight, but we will see a day where citizens of censored countries will have reliable access to all information on the Internet.
Because of the fact that Substratum will also route internet traffic through different paths to sites that aren’t hosted on Sub, it means that anybody can access any website provided the network is able to route them.
And since thenetwork will change the routes and choose the most efficient paths, it will be near impossible for an entity to stop any one path.
As the network grows, more paths become available and then it becomes like trying to stop water from flowing: it always finds a way.2.
DDoS Attacks Become Obsolete.With efficient and different paths to be taken by anybody connecting to a website, it means that DDoS attacks will no longer work.
The algorithm could recognize a spam attack and reroute it to so many different nodes, it dilutes the signals and renders it useless.
Unless the attacker is able to overwhelm the Substratum nodes themselves all at once, DDoS attacks won’t work with Sub.
If this aspect of Sub can be realized, it can save companies millions of dollars and remove a major cyber security threat that exists today.3) Internet speeds.
The Substratum network will include learning algorithms to figure out the most efficient path for people trying to reach a website.
Now I’m not sure that it will make the internet 10x faster, it would be interesting to see the math, but having this self improving network that constantly optimizes will definitely increase internet speeds.Nobel Prize confirmed desu
*accesson xans right now
Sounds like it will have competition in the future.
From who?
A network like this requires user base of nodes to function, once Sub gets past critical mass the network will be superior to any potential competitor,no?
Bought back in at 0.00001755 Sats
I'm holding and getting more free from cossI really hope the project succeeds it has noble aims, no censorship unlike the communists running the ethereum development.
until they find a solution to thisthis project will failconsider -> child pornography
uhh.. you can still take down websites anon.
This is not a connection issueThough a website backup dapp would be a great idea
Kill yourself and your shitty youtube channel fag.
We all know you have accumulated your bags since you interviewed the ceo of this on your channel.
Go talk like a faggot on reddit, not here.
u think this is Nick?
tl;dr nice shilling attempt
is there a cap on the number of coins generated by this chain?
The white paper is filled with normie buzzwords..
I'm excited about the project as well, but isn't Blockstack a big competitor now?
They mentioned that there will be a voting system to take down stuff like this
Btw there are like 4 faggots shilling this coin here and they will lose even more moneys.
Ahahahaha