so uh, where's the apologies to the LINKies.>institutional accumulation
it's still under what is was a couple of days ago
I sold at 2110 to buy back at 2070 and ended up fomoing at 2225 :(
Why would u fomo on link?Hypeless piece of shit erc20 token
Most alts have been pumping the last few days bro
because it kept/keeps going up?I'm only sad I didn't accept my losses sooner
Will this reach 25 cents because I plan to sell my LINK and get back to it later.
Put it all in HST, then after the inevitable x5 EOY, I will buyback LINK with my gains
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
No one actually knows buddy.
Might be a genius move you might miss your moon ticket.
Last alt pump it went to 25 cent and plummeted back down afterwards.
Rory also said news is coming before end of year.
It's just hard to say
flip a coin, but like the anon above said, Rory did guarantee us news
Why do you keep posting your shit pasta
This pasta isnt even funny.
0/10
Bag holder detected.
Why are there 50 link threads a day, bitch?
No, some LINK fud pastas are genuinely funny.
Yours however, is just crap.
The way you desperately copy paste this in every thread trying so hard to make it a meme is fucking pathetic lmao.
This is because of me /biz/.
I was thinking of selling yesterday and buying back in januari.
I din't go through with it but I think the brain fart got stuck in crypto time and space so the crypto God's thought I sold.
Hence the pump.
Nah bro I am a bagholder and laugh at most link meme but this one is just sad, especially since you post it everywhere.
Definitely a tough one.
Knowing Rory the news could be "the team has decided which IDEs to use for Go".
Looks like everyone who was selling off in the last few weeks is FOMOing back in just in case they miss the boat.
Given that there hasn't been any news yet, I'm going to wait for it to start bleeding before buying in.
Chasing FOMO pumps is a guaranteed way to lose money.
buying something because it's currently going upEnjoy being poor for the rest of your life my dude