How much are you in for, /biz/?
You did buy, right?
RIGHT?
>buying a chink scam pump and dump
Of course anonWas there ever a clearer signal to buy as the moon rocket took off yesterday?In for 10bch, then diversifying when it reaches 0.6
Nobody has bought it.
Everyborry holds the fork money.
I just realized today i had a shit ton of bch
We will be seeing the main pump coming in two days.
Buy this current dip for big gains
main pump coming in two days.If nothing happens as a result of the difficulty adjustment then BCH will dump hard
anyone that is buying in is trying to ride the pnd wave, you don't have any actual long term hodlers on this coin.there will be a lot more resistance on the way up this time as everyone tries to get out before the dump
set a stop loss, sleep well
All in at $1400, we're all going to make it right guys?
0.6Overly optimistic
Yeah, if nothing happens this is going to be dumped hard.
But expecting to hit at least 0.2
4528989well done bro's we hittin 0.5 soon trust me
s-sure we will..!!!
That shit better make me rich!
When's the difficulty adjustment?
Any original BTC holder who knows anything has switched over.
It's clear that the remaining vocal Corecucks are just shills.
https://fork.lol/pow/retargetApproximately 18 hours, anon.
can somebody give me a quick rundown?
Didnt check the crypto news for half a year.What is happening this weekend with BCH?
pumpy pumpy pumpy pumpunsustainable bcash nonsense with % of volume on a single korean exchange.
good luck with that one idiots.
So are the cashcucks.
Bitcoin is totally fucked.
Make some money on the pump then get into a better coin like XMR or ETH
I expect the fighting to be much dirtier this time.Perfect confluence of unknown intention botnets, koreans, computer security absolutely fucking failing, tether props, tether hacks, thanksgiving, BTC ath and the retarget.
Feeling comfy aiming for 0.6 but will be watching very closely from 0.5 up
you will not be slaying any dragons
Bitcoin schism.
BTC vs BCHNothing is happening this weekend.
What does it mean long term?
Is this some internal miner wars stuff?
real niggas (such as myself) are all in on bitmex with max leverage
4529075Why do bcashtards measure their success in the BTC/BCH ratio?
If BTC fails as they wish and falls down to 1000$, BCH wouldn't even have to move to get 1.x ratio.
This weekend will either make me or break me.
Bitcoin schismI wish I had the nutsac for this, despite believing hard
>sold bitcoin low; bought bitcoin cash highAny other losers bag holding... want to offload this turd bag ASAP
Not so much miner wars, the whole community split.
Unironically ask on reddit if you want to learn more.It's over bitcoin scaling, Blockstream & Bitcoin don't want to increase blocksize from 1Mb, are relying on off-chain scaling tech that isn't ready yet.BCH - Bitcoin Cash, Roger Ver, Jihan, forked off the main chain with an immediate increase to 8Mb blocksize.Segwit2x, which was a compromise agreed between various groups at the New York Agreement, was to implement Segwit (Blockstream's baby, that allows some of their off chain tech to work, but requires complex software updates so adoption is very slow, Segwit tx's are still only around 10%), and then 2 months later a second update to introduce a 2Mb blocksize.The Segwit part happened, but after that Blockstream cried and cried about the blocksize increase, about how it was going to ruin Bitcoin.
They kicked up such a fuss that S2X was actually cancelled, which triggered a massive BCH rally, as many people now see BCH as the only hope Bitcoin actually has for scaling now.
you've already gotten 25% get the fuck out and don't play with fire
10
using bitfinexdo you hate money?if a flip happens have fun trying to withdraw anything
>bought bch at 400 dollars>literally nothing will scare me
bought in @ $300 CADfeelsgoodman.jpg
4529443very nice anons, but how much did you buy?
we're gonna make it broi have 38
4529464poorfag here.
2.27
4529363Specifically regarding this weekend, is the difficulty adjustment.Basically, BTC adjusts mining difficulty every 2016 blocks, which is about every 2 weeks.
BCH is immune to this, as they adjust every block based on average of previous 144 blocks or so.BTC is currently suffering from mining limit; unconfirmed transactions to move coins around takes longer and longer if there isn't enough power.If BCH somehow managed to overtake BTC in mining power in any way where BTC has less mining power, then it'd be game over for BTC as they're locked away for some 2 weeks where they can't adjust to the new smaller mining pool.This is countered by BTC where they alter the mining rewards for when there are smaller number of miners, enticing them to mine for BTC instead of BCH.
This however is worthless if BTC's price drops to the point where even that's not worth it anymore.So, this weekend (in 18 hours) is precisely when the new difficulty level kicks in for BTC.
Some people think it's the perfect time to strike for BCH and overtake mining power.It doesn't help that BTC's price is falling right now, even if slowly.
There's the tether scandal as well, if you'd want to look that up.
This, anyone that is choosing cryptos based on fundamentals isn't going to go with either fork.
Operation Dragon Slayer
.....aaaaaaand the rocket is taking off!
It has ahppened already niggerBTG and BCH (gold - store of value and cash -currency, fucking cringe ikr)Original chain about to die as was foretoldThis better go smooth or we witness crypto winter 2.0
holy shyt, isnt it too soon?
Indeed.
Nobody's actually set a time to do anything.
That's just rumours.Either way, BTC's price does need to drop for it to work.
It's probably more the effect of the tether scandal than anything BCH's done.
https://fork.lol/pow/retargetWE GOT LIFTOFF BOOOOOOOOOOOOIZZZZ
Go all in on bchAnd get REKT by Saturday evening.
Just a reminder, don't be a corelet
all in.
bought 16 at 0.08 and 18 at .145
Quite the psy, op, 1/2, 2/1, nah, many more.
I still don't thinK THE game being watched is the game being Played.
best entertainment I've had in a lONg time.
Scared money makes no money, go big or go home.
4529477thanks guise also: should I sell my DGB and buy an AR15 for the cash or HODL no matter what?
Still in the green and made good profit with it in may.
I also own one AR already.
What do you think is the likely result of this weekend?
Depends on how shit your current AR is
I'm out of your measuring dicks contest.
ETH has been good to me
If anyone tells you what's going to happen in the future, they're trying to sell you something.That said, I'm guessing nothing much will happen.
BCH will probably get pumped higher, BTC will lose a bit, and not the flippening that people are yelling about.
I'll be surprised either way.
I'm leaning towards BCH for now, and have my coins in there.I'm more interested in what'll happen once bitfinex runs out of BTC in their wallets, which should happen in about a week or two.
liquidated almost all my alts for bch some time ago, didn't get in at the bottom but i'm profiting all the samei know it will 2x from here in the near future.
Well there is one problem with ETH hombre...it may lose its No.2 spot on this.
Seriously
BCH will eventually do the flippening but lol@ thinking that it's gonna happen before trading pairs are up on the major exchanges.
BITCOIN SUB 8000 SUICIDE WATCH
it's so fast though.
Don't fall for the memes
holy shit bro I have the same exact amount of bch
I SOLD AT .2 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'm waiting for it to inevitably dump to 0.109 so I can load up my bags
Buy back quick.We will moon all night.
Daily reminder this is going to get dumped in January when Coinbase releases their BCH.
u should short then if ur so confident u fucking retard
Im upset you cant buy BCH on binance lol kms
BTC under 8k...man is this happening again?
fucking deja vu and I didnt buy in AGAINN!!!
AWAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
bought 30 @ .146 :) stop loss at .2 now so whatever happens I'll make some good gains at least
Obvious shitcoin pump paired with FUD campaign is obvious.Fucksakes.
Plebs.
Shorting Crypto.I'm confident but not a fucking retard
Agreed.
No reason we can't ride it and take their money though.
No :( I wish I did yesterday and have just watched it moon all day...
in and out before then bud.
never hodl any coin.
SEE GIF LMFAOFuck sake guys if you're still holding the most expensive coin to transact with and haven't taken on the REPEATED bad mouthing of Segshitbankercuckcoin by the entirety of the Chinese mining force than you really deserve what is coming to you
segwit2xIts a good thing it was canceled, people tried to go ahead with it anyways and the shit didn't work.
Just dumped by bags from the last moon mission.
Came out barely ahead.
Phew.
https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=BCC_BTCYou absolute SHMUCK
Fun fact: I think core shills got the day off for Thanksgiving.
Watch- by tomorrow you'll have all these FUD bitcoin cash threads that call "bitcoin cash" bcash and talk about Roger Ver like anyone gives a shit.
WTF IT'S NOT STOPPING
C'mon Bcashiers keep on pumping your savings away.
Come to daddy bitcoin.
I THOUGHT IT WAS OVER WHEN IT WENT BACK DOWN TO .202 AGHHHHHH
You will buy back more expensive soon.You always do.You all , always do.HAHAHAHAHA
it's just getting started.we're crashing this plane into the motherfucking dragon!!
https://fork.lol/pow/retargetI put all my BTC into BCH back at 0.17 you knob.
was guessing how high it would go.
THank fuck I stayed up drunk long enough to cancel my prematurely low sell orders lmao.
lmao just wait til the FOMO hits you if this goes above .25
pls hit 0.40 today like the good old pump from a few weeks back
When is the difficulty adjustment?
A page that shows details of the adjustment will be great as well
Set a stop loss!
There's a chance you might lose a huge chunk without it, don't fuck around and get greedy.
Man you would be kicking yourself in the ass right now, we're going over 2k m8
what exchange should i dump these BCH on when it hits 2k?
In for like 120kFeeling comfy af
Bro it literally ain't stopping until the kart is fully tipped screen cap this
went all in bch at ATH because im a fucking moron and now am praying we pump againPLEASE GOD
>bitcoin cash
I'm not getting rich fast enough this is frustrating
>btc going down>bitcoin cash going down toowhat
When do we dump?
Don't mess with a sleeping dragon...
All hail the one true king- monero
FUCK, I've been out for the night ignoring crypto.
Worth entering now?
My gut tells me it's a minefield
Oh fuck, so the 20k USD I made are not real then?
Oh wait they are, so who cares.
Monero is the phoenix that rises in  hoursPlaying with bitcoin* shitcoins for the next day, putting in to monero, then comfying up for the next 12 months.
Thanks anons
how come it doesn't let me make this stop loss?what i am doing wrong?
Nothing because I got it for free from the fork and sold at 2200 lmao I'm not a fomo buying retard
Aaaand I panic sold and lost like 100 bucks.
FUCK BCH
ITS REBOUNDING BUY BUY BUY
my condition is wrong but i dont get why
i didnt see my get.. anyway solved.
i had to set up less than etc
Nah shits dead btc is climbing back up
Haha get rekt Vercucks
i wish it to be true so i can sell my bags lol
You need to select a condition, either less than or greater than.
Right now you don't have any condition selected.
ALL IN!
IT'S FUCKING CRASHING AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
That's a 'we don't want it going down' wall.
That's not a legitimate buy wall
the Ver wall is up againit’s over
4532606And it's sets twice as high as last time.
Guess where it'll be in a week
Guess where it'll be in a weekBecause everything in life moves in a linear fashion because the laws of the universe dictate it
I said 'guess where it'll in a week' not 'guess where I'm guessing it'll be in a week'.You even quoted me on it.
How could you possibly get those two confused?
It was a 0.1 last time.
We're gonna make it biz.
HODL
Playing dumb doesn't work to your favor here when it's that blatant anon
Playing dumb on /biz/>I do thatBeing actually dumb>You are that
That buy wall is ~10 million dollars.
That's nothing if you compare it to the total 24h volume.
https://m.soundcloud.com/thecryptocast/ep13
None at all.I lost 1.2 btc last time and I'm not repeating same mistake again
Kek
If you held BCH last time at the start you would have more than doubled your money even after the crash.
Some people are just born to be poor.
Waiting for the $100 dip
4528934 (OP)>anyone that is buying in is trying to ride the pnd wave, you don't have any actual long term hodlers on this coin.>there will be a lot more resistance on the way up this time as everyone tries to get out before the dumpThere was never a bch dump.
It's gone up and has maintained it's level regardless.
When bch drops to 500 levels then u can call it a pump and dump.
Weird how BTC goes up and down more than any other crypto but nobody is calling that a pump and dump - why?
I made 50$ crap lol..
fuck off
The Dragon is getting punched in the face,