>crypto is actually becoming mainstream>didn't accumulate enoughx-1000x are now officially over>tfw
Buy now and wait until spring.
Just figure out what will one day topple BTCIt's that easy!
Fucking retard, Bitcoin is now mainstream.
It's going to take normies a whole year to understand what altcoins are and to start hearing about the INSANE GAINS from those.
lol that just means there's more money coming in wtf is your reasoning you brainless dumbassThe moon missions will explode even more hahaha
Took me five years from bitcoin becoming "mainstream" for me to me actually investing/gambling in it.
There's still some time.
Doesnt more people equal more money, which equals more moon missions?
Yeah we won't get as many as we did this year, but I don't see how it all ends cause of new users.
25-100x are definitely not over.
At least long term, the days of flipping ICOs for 20x returns are over though.
You aint seen nothing yet, kiddo
Mate look for a good altcoin and get in now.
buying "after" their ICO before they are on coinmarketcap is a guaranteed win, 1000x profit yes.
here is a solid one which I just bought into, Called TIO.no yet on coinmarketcap, follow this thread, read and thank me later
this t b q h desu
/thread
this.
buy LINK
x25-100 is over>he isn't accumulating Zencash before the release of the secure nodes
but anon link is cheap RIGHT NOW
Exactly.
Altcoins just started to be taken seriously in May/June.
The 100x moon missions are far from over.
i can see another 10-20x but yea 100x-1000x is over!
Pro tip: CMC page 2
The world will be integrating into blockchain.
There are plenty of mega moon missions to come.
ChainTrade for example
NEO just did a +50% in 24h and you whine about lack of gainsAlso good advice
nah keep and eye for the first FB/Youtube of crypto.
Whoever offers the first platform where you can easily tip random bullshit like selfies and user videos with crypto will officially make crypto mainstream.
the golden age has just started.think of a klondike-allegory.
we're just now in the state that after sb heard about sb finding tons of gold, there are few people traveling there.the herd of hundred-thousands more are still gathering and traveling there
Reddcoin is a tipping platform m8major updates releasing soon
How do I buy?
is this a subtle shill of BAT?
4433986I think gold rush analogies are perfect.
The thing is just like with the gold rush, the big winnners are the businesses that pop up and offer some fucking equipment for people looking for gold (icos) very few people struck it rich off gold otherwise.
Fortunately we're the earliest adopters so hopefully that can be us.
Yes sir, you can buy