Robinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
Who here /emergingmarkets/?I wonder when this is going to bite me in the ass.
Who's ready to lose some money today?
Has XXII hit it's upper limit?
My bags from $2.54 sure hope not.
I'm in at 2.31, looks like it is in a nose dive.
I'm a bit indecisive on holding this or not.
Is CHFS worth grabbing
EKSO gonna keep climbing today
Is today the day for AMRS?
DXR
No, our day is next week when they finish announcements.
Fucking sold out on the dip and now the app keeps reminding about all the missed profits.
CHK can make moves though right!
Right?
Stuck in a 5 minute halt.
Held 130 of ELTK into today.
B/E was 4.27.
Halted at $6.84.
Hopefully not fucked.
Good time to get EKSO?
Tfw BAC
Out at $8.12.
Made $100 on a $90 "investment".
Holding through that reverse split made me jittery all night, but I've got some extra cash for it.
Can't wait for he next reverse split!
restaurants like those in the OP's pic typically suffer from a value perspective due to their ability to engage in rent-seeking behavior based on their view amenity, which is separate from their core product but their most scarce and differentiating factor.
kind of like stocks when compared to crypto
I need good stocks that are beaten down and havent mooned yet.
List em and I may jump onboard your sinking ship with you:) tHANKS!
Overbought on RSI, you should have bought last week.
Wait for the dip that might come after the Ford news.
My TA tells me to short Tesla.
Wish me luck
>Bought DRYS hoping to get in on meme earnings>Their earnings were actually promising so they crash >Other meme stocks like TRXC soar after piss poor earningsSo if a shit company has good earnings we crash, but if a shit company has shit earnings they soar.God dammit DRYS fucking lie about your earnings next time
To be honest though, that's this entire quarter.
Fuck.It finally happened!Today is the day that I actually got one of my shitty penny stocks I bought in the green!Fuckin European Lithium exploded over the last two days, due to some activity in studies at their proposed mine!30% in the green!Moon, here I fucking come!!
But what do I do now?I actually think that mining Li in Austria seems like a sweet idea, long term, but it sure as hell is going to be an uphill battle.Do I take my small victory (already starting to drop) and buy me some crap from my gains, or do I HODL until it tenfolded, or it's evaporated completely?
I guess I could try shilling it on /biz/, volume on that fucker is so small, it could actually make a difference.So, please, /biz/, buy European Lithium!It's the future!
FNKO
God bless normies who read shit like CNBC and seeking alpha for stock tips.They just keep flowing in.
is seeking alpha normie now?Damn, normies aren't what they used to be anymore.
is seeking alpha normie now?one of the first things i signed up for when i first started trading... big regret
What the fug is happening
Market is collapsing.>This is secretly the beginning of the next entire market meltdown.>No one believes this post because the last 750,000 someone said this was the beginning of the end it was false.Screen cap this.
We're going down, boys:(
big regretWhy?I'm not too much into it, so I can't really judge, but when I occasionally end up there, it seems ok enough.
I need a ticking time bomb meme right now.
Something that’s going to moon today but hasn’t mooned yet or is still in the early stages of mooning.Come on boys give me something
they just send me shit that i don't care about non stop.
After being in the market for a few years i realized that most the "Anal-cyst" are no better than me at picking stocks.
Also my strategy has changed so i am no longer into the same strategys that they keep sending me.
http://eoddata.com/splits.aspxWe should have this on the OP from now on.
God I love making 111% in 7 minutes.
Hit my target for today.
Back to bed now.
Doing?
Shorting or capitalizing by buying?
Probably put money in ELTK.Thinking about GOL right now
GBR
UVXY is the worst investment vehicle of all time
What's wrong with MU, senpai?
4503749Also.... ALT
Nothing wrong, it's a godsend
This place is dead todayYou faggots aren't going to make it if you take days off.
4503749https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixZDTiXiHsc
Has SQ finally hit it's peak?
So, is there a reason you guys use Robinhood when anything else is better.
Like Charles schwab?
Working too hard will give you a heart attack.
I just want to dick around with $500 and i don't want to pay brokerage fees
i'm here bud just watching my meme bags
As a non-american, gotta ask, what's black friday like over there?
I'm guessing the indices have partly rallied to due sales expectations.
Are they really as wild as they're portrayed in media?
So, is there a reason you guys use Robinhood when anything else is better.Well, apparently rh is free or something, and no one on /biz/ has real money, so there's that.
SRAX looking good today
This place is dead todaythats how I've been feeling all week it is thanksgiving tomorrow and around the holidays are always slow.
Im ok with that, i got money to sit on and pick trades without all the noise
source
>PTNThanks to the anon that suggested this yesterday.
Billy Joel
Oh.
Thought you were being sarcastic.
you think it will be a pump and dump announcement?
You oughta know by now.
STAY IN EKSO????
I'm thinking about holding UVXY through thanksgiving and the weekend.
the chart disgust me desubut also me getting out at 3.17 right before it takes off disgust me so i guess my opinion is extremely bias
Is there any stopping $RIOT ?
too late to get in?
Thanks for the tip, GameStop shorter.
wow did anybody in biz talk about this stock earlier?
wish i got in last week.
Buy 2% on spec.
dude, UVXY is (VIX) * e ^ -t don't hold that shit for more than a day.
Buy High!Sell Low!
is it too late to buy a stock that's up nearly 100% in a matter of a couple days
I got in at 10.05 on Monday and am still accumulating.
It's not too late!
AMRS going to that 3.75 resistance again mother fuckers!!!
!Get the fuck in before it runs if for some reasons you STILL aren't in.
AMRS will definitely moon once it hits $3.75 this time!
:^)
just sit and hold.... i think their business plan is pretty good and seems they are trying to turn the company around.but that's the resistance level, if it breaks through, would be nice..
ARCI just voted to reincorporate from MN to NV which is gonna save them a boatload in taxes.
Should run to 1.50
She likes to dip every morning, great to swing
Do you know how TA works at all?HERE WE GO BABY
>amrsSucks for anyone whose gonna buy high and sell low.
Amrs is still being sold for absolute pennies on the dollar.It has a longgg fucking way to go in the next few years
Someone said the same thing about RAD@$1.69 yesterday.It's at $1.64 now.TA is a meme
Damn I'm getting good at this
Did you determine this by looking at the order book?
I traded it twice this week already.
Wish I had more daytrades.
Too dangerous to get in now.
The stock is acting super bubbleish right now.
Just "Blockchain" in your name and tripple your value in a week.
Just like the .com bubble.
TA is the basis of the richest day trading mother fuckers in the world.Yes sometimes hitting resistance bounces you back, and sometimes volume isn't quite there, but read more nigga, you'll learn.And as for what just happened it went from 3.71 to 3.80 in 2 minutes
4505002holy shit.
good call.
How are you so certain of this?
Genuine question, I'm not saying you're wrong.
Charts and volume + blockchain is so hawt right now
You got lucky.
Congrats.
MARA blowing up tooBeen telling you all for weeks, OSTK, RIOT, SRAX, and now MARA.
Blockchain is the next dotcom for old stock fuddies.
Get in NAOW!
The price has been torn to shreds over the last few years.
Shorting, panic selling.Everyone was betting on it to go bankrupt.It was significantly more expensive than this when the company was in much more trouble.Now it has survived its death sentence and its projected revenue is through the roof.
.80ITS NOW OR NEVER
Nice.
I need to do moar reading.
>shorted gamestop>it mooned>longed baozon in the dip 10 minutes before earnings>it tanks, now a bag holderMOMMY MAKE IT STOP
Anyone knows whats going on here?
join the Xavier's school chat, its where all of 4chans best traders/investors are now, and its freethey got trading, investing, crypto, and education.and have awesome bots that spell shit out for you.https://discord.gg/2GsNAp
The absolute state.
muh secret club of elite traders No thanks
ReminderAMRS shiller 3 told us to get in on amrs at 2.85 A WEEK AGO.Now its 3.85.Should have listened
Not this shit again.
No one wants to come and LARP with you while they code your shitty algos.
write books and run seminars you are an expert now
What's in this for you?
Like if this group is so good, what's your motivation to come and troll /rgt/ for new members?
>he didn't use 5000 times leverage and buy XXIIsad
4505245dude ive explained before.I (along with 30 other people) post the link because someone before me posted the link and it helped me out a lot.I don't know why you guys get so butthurt.the room has tools and people to help you make more money, and theyre genuinely nice guys who choose to come here and give picks still.Everyone from these threads re already in the room, theres over 300 users.
they don't need help.But faster discussion makes a big fuckin difference in trading.
So how deep are you in AMRS?
What percentage of your portfolio is what I'm wondering, not so much the dollar amount.
I don't know why you guys get so butthurt.We're just annoyed.
People get annoyed by spam and unwanted solicitation.
I got in last week, thanks anon.
i did some DD and this company has potential, the old management drove it to the ground, hopefully the new management team can return this company to good profits.
i think this is more for longer term hold though.
Isn't this the all-women ipo meme?
No thanks.
Wanting to get liquidated so fast you cant get a call for extra funds before you've gone bankrupt.
I guess I'm just too jaded to believe your intentions are that pure but if true that's awfully sweet of you.
I dont know if you should follow me.I am heavier into this company than I've ever been in any company in my 9 years of trading.I have 22k in it which is 65% of my total current portfolio.So yes, i sincerely believe.
I have 22k in it which is 65% of my total current portfolio.
I wasn't necessarily trying to follow you, just gauging sincerity of belief.
You're indeed not fucking around.
That's a lot of fucking money to me lol.
I'm very small time for /biz/ tbqh.
i didn't know warren buffet jr traded here
nah dude, most people here have below 10k portfolio.its irrelevant.if anything its better to start off with less cause you lose a lot less.just keep trying to learn!
Can we get a roll call of everyones capital?150 here
No, you're good, most of biz is debt
XXII trading at the top of its trend from this month.
Don't FOMO now if you did get it, or sell now if you did get in.
At least that's what I would do if I were you
Don't FOMO if you didn't get in* also wrong graph
He only has about ~$35k in the market, and it's probably his parents money.
Because no one in their right mind would put 65% of their earned money into a failed women's cosmetics company.
$1,500 here
Nice try, IRS.
That guy was shitposting.
/biz/ is a bunch of NEETs gambling with their autism survival pennies.
i think you are severely underestimated the shitbag memes people throw money into herethat is honestly a 2/10 on the retard scale for /biz/
piss off, no dox
Haha actually ive never been given a penny in my life.But thanks for the analysis
Hey arbs.
Or bags.
i think you are severely underestimated the shitbag memes people throw money into hereNaw, I don't think so.
The past performance of the stock and the balance statements validate my thoughts on it.
AMRS is not as bad as some of the other garbage floated on this board (e.g.
LODE), but it belongs on the same tier.
If you can swing it for a few bucks, then that's good, but anyone who thinks going long on it is delusional.
Pants on head retarded
I believe in AMRS.
We're going to 6 bucks by july and my options are going to be worth a fortune.
Nobody gets rich with out some kind of substantial risk and luck.
Anyone know when exactly the tax reform vote happens?
Fucking Dow tanking thanks dumpf
Where can a newfag like me learn FA/TA?Also, where do you guys go to find picks?
what did the baboon do now?
pic related for TA, just don't read it like a religious text.
>sold OSTK at the dip>it climbs back to greenREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
it’s ok lad.
Happens to the best of us
TA is a meme
$ I had almost 600$ at one point but pulled out when I needed itThis is just something to keep my mind off my crippling health problems during the day.
I treat it like a video game of sorts
crippling health problemsWhat's wrong m8?
150 herek?Or are you really playing with one hundred and fifty dollaridos?
When should I sell for FIT?
I bought it at $6.50 a few months ago.
Is it peaking?
How much are you making in dividends?
or do you just go for stocks you expect will give you big gains 10 years from nowDay traders need not reply
Dude are you me?
I honestly fuck with the stocks as a game.
Win or lose, it’s an interesting game >better than LoL and their loot system
Here
wanna make some good dividends AND have a good return on a stock price in the next 6 months?well let me tell you about this stock... BGFV...
4505992good shill attempt boyshows your trading going?
must not be going good if you have to come in here and shill your chatroom everyday
You all know the is a ponzi scheme right.
The guys that run this don't buy any actual stocks.
>buy SQ low>it goes even lower
Good.Up 45% over the last 3 monthsEnough of the butt hurt bitching
You know you're a moron, right?
enjoy diabeteskek
buy the dip
it's too late anon... ;)
MSSome days you feel fine, some days your nerves are on fire and you can't lift your arm or open your mouth or you face is completely numb.The nerves in your body are shielded so they can be rubbed up against other soft tissue.
With MS the shielding gets delaminated and it's just a burning hell.
You have to take heavy duty drugs to numb the pain to function.You know how people say a slipped disc in their back is debilitating?Think of that kind of nerve damage in all sorts of weird body parts due to an autoimmune disease
u gonna die?
Just hold it, this is a long-term stock.
Oh that’s a better one.
Thanks friend.
We all gonna die.
Are you gonna die sooner than average?
Probably, but I'm not the guy who has MS.
I’ve done 13 years of the MS walk either by volunteering or running (I alternate each year).
I feel for you anon.
Get your medical canabis card if you live in a state that offers it.
Have this cat.
It's not really something that kills you early, it's just debilitating.
It is an autoimmune disease that can cause other health issues that kill you though.
But it's not like you die a few years after diagnosisHaven't looked into it yet, only been diagnosed for a year or so.
Mostly just facial problems right now and I have been tempering myself now using a lot of pills unless I have to
My legs have been going numb off and on for months now and the internet tells me that could be an early warning sign of MS. How fucked am I?
Go get checked out, but your legs going numb probably has more to do with pinching nerves in your lower backMS big indicator is facial shit not working as well
you should get more active.
Go down to your nearest BGFV and pick up some work out equipment to start.
You gotta get your body moving more BGFV has all the necessary items to become a more active citizen.
Like when you’re sitting or standing normally?Your legs will go numb if you cut off circulation accidentally
Wish me luck boys
>down $300 on Baozun alreadyits not a loss if I don't sell r-right?
investing in chink companies with unaudited financials and completely made up financial reports is a good idea.
i should just keep throwing money at UVXY instead and hope it spikes, right?
yeah... should probably just buy BGFV tbqh
I hate you.
nah I'm good :^)
anyone playing Canadian weed stocks?i bought $WEED on the dip yesterday and it's pretty comfy so far
UVXY >An investment vehicleIts not an investment, its simple a way of hedging your position in cause of market crash.
Minimum fee is 4.95$ what the fuck?!
Is this the standard commission fee in Burgerland?
If your sitting on a loss I feel bad for you son.
I got 99 problems but a red chart ain't one.Do the usual biz tactic and sell low.
Losses for bosses.
the way it's actually structured is fucking retarded and basically guaranteed most normies who use it get BTFO
i bought $WEED on the dip yesterday and it's pretty comfy so farlooks good, i have it on my watchlist.
would maybe invest in it if more ppl shilling it here.
Do you guys fuck with any European stocks?
located in the same plaza as a hand job parlor and hookah barLOL
daily reminder not to buy BGFV!
;)
Lmao
Do you have the hanging pepe one?
I thought this shit was supposed to be steady
Just buy Alibaba and forget about it.
It's the Chinese Amazon.
Not with tax reform getting ready to fuck shit up.
Is MARA on a moon mission or a meme mission?
you were supposed to buy B warrants not the actual stock senpai...too late now since robinhood blocked itim loading up like a motherfucker as soon as BAC+B hits $1
hold for now thoughthe real bank moon mission or crash will be on the dec 12-13th fed reserve meeting.
all financials will go to pluto if interest rates rise, if not they will all go to the depths of hell
big 5 sporting>goods
Might not be a good idea.
I'd assume there'd be a bunch of stop losses around $1 and .99, if it gets that low, it'll probably keep falling.
they are literally building a brand new one around the corner from my house.. and i live in a pretty good neighborhood
MARA mooning right now.Seems to be doing what RIOT did
Is the chinese massage parlor getting built too?
im not too worried, i already got like 60% gains the last time i sold it.
a lot of people will rush in to buy, especially with the fed meeting so close
MOOOOOOOONMonday they have a conference call going over their purchase of global bit ventures and what it means for them in the future.
Hint, dat crypto cash $$$ incoming.
kinda funny how people been bashing it since i came in here and started shilling it around 6.40 Im up 7% but hey.. i guess not everyone likes making money huh?
so if I all-in UVXY I effectively have a hedge fund?
getting this rich can't be this easy right?
sure :^)
RAD about to break the fuck out
looks better than DRYS
Must be really on the mend :^)
you must not know how to buy low sell high and follow trends based on accumulation/distributionkys
Nah, still has that 150k ask wall at 1.69.
Didn't break it yesterday, unlikely to do it today.
RIOT please break $15
I fucked up on my UVXY entry but anyone who thinks that these record highs are going to hold through a long weekend and a tax reform is blind.
Happy thanksgiving, lads.
See you on the short Friday.
should've waited until friday, volatility is probably gonna be low from the short day/low volume
told my boomer friend to put big money into blockchain stocks.
dotcom 2.0
>MARA at $2.30I have to sell this soon but I’m afraid if I do I’ll lose out.I’ve already made back everything I’ve lost this week which is fucking huge
pssh, did you even watch the big short?
RIOT>MARA>SRAXany else to look out for?
I only have RIOT rn, trying to get in the other two at a dip
just put uvxy on a year long time frame, or better yet a 5 year time frame, you'd only be down 99.99%if you want to hedge out your portfolio buy some way out of the money put options or better yet use the big boy /VX future not some retail faggot instrument meant to rip you off
have to sell this soon.b but we are just getting started.
BGFV broeasy money
This pump doesn't feel natural if you look at the chart history.
Take profits, if you can.
mineless mining companies.
i dont think these stocks were blockchain until like a week ago.
look at that nice shopping atmospherehow can amazon or walmart even compete

OSTKTEUM
Which is worrisome if the company suddenly changes their direction.
Seems like a huge trap for investors.
Depends, many companies come out of big changes stronger than before.
Look at the history of Nokia, Nintendo, Dupont, IBM, etc...
4508561I got out at $2.50Don’t regret it at all.
I made about 40% in 20 minutes.
I’ll settle for a guaranteed space mission before a promised moon mission
I'm thinking $10 by next week after they give details on the cash they are expected to bring in from crypto mining.
>BZUN
Feeing extremely good right now.Any good holds to get into for tomorrow before close?
anyone else use thinkorswim?just installed it to use for papertrades/charting
AMRS a meme?
rather just lose real money.
more feels.
Markets closed tomorrow.
Yeah that’s why I want a hold right now to hold till friday
4508881Is trading view the best for charting?
If I sign up for free account are they annoying
brilliant
Just sold XXII and HMNY for quick 10% ProfitsLoaded up on GE.Am I Hedge Fund manager now?
BGFV Idk im holding either way though especially with them quads
WHO THE FUCK DUMPED AMRS
Don't stressRejoice for more buying opportunityEverytime there is a nice dip more people load up.Recipe for disaster for these shorts, smashing thrsmelves into a corner.
Only one result is an inevitable blast off.
does trading view do for crypto?
Am I Hedge Fund manager now?>Loaded up on GE.>Not loading up on BGFV>Am I Hedge Fund manager now?nope
>MARA dumped to 2.18 after I bought in at 2.30MOMMY NOOOOOOOOOO PLEASE
Yeah they have the major crypto as well as stocks.
Looks cool but lots of wanting to recruit you for their pro account or whatever
70 million negative retained earnings  million negative stock holder equitygenius
Why the fuck would you buy a stock that is up 55%
its like when you shilled UVXY at $24 as a dipi was just trying to outdo you
I already said it was a pump about to be dumped, now get ready to hold bags through Thanksgiving.
Wait... someone is unironically shilling this as an investment?
WTF RIOT DROPPED FROM 15.60 TO 14.10 AFTER MARKET REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I do.would maybe invest in it if more ppl shilling it here.Was shilled here 24/7, before the big crypto boom.
canadian weed stocks was the /biz/ meme before spring.And that's when I went in, just right after the first bullrun.
Buy high, they say.But I made a mistake, and did not sell low, so now I'm finally in the positive on $WEED, lmao (and some others.
But a few more are still negative).but I doubt that biz shilling would move that stock.
Through Thanksgiving isn't bad since the market is closed tomorrow and closes early Friday.Their announcement is on Monday isn't it?
Remember when I told you guys to buy VZ?Up 8% already faggots Remember when I said to buy T at $32.85?PEGI at 20.80?
Enjoying your P&D shitstocks while I'm comfy?
Hope you picked up FDC at $16.60 monday like I did.
Last time it'll EVER be that cheap.$110 schwab ETF's (from the free account money)$2520 Robinhood$20k+ Crypto
it pays a great dividend and has alot of upside on their stock price especially after they been buying back shares.. so yeah.. its an investment.If you think they are dieing out how about read the filings, they are building new stores, one of which is right around the corner from my house.BGFV is a great investment for the next 6 months
My day
120 million negative retained earnings nice im sure those negative retained earnings wont continue to grow.
Only idiots and literal niggers shop at such places.Feel comfy m8?
How does it feel to be able to make more money than a wagecuck earns in a month in one day just by buying a solid undervalued company on a dip?
How does it feel to make their entire yearly income in a week if you buy a good dip?
my second day of using interactive brokers after switching from robinhoodim showing them how we RH users do it up
I’m a BGFV big faggot now.
Why didn’t you sell at $2.60?
Or did you buy the “dip”?
Either way short term it’s not a terrible stock.
Promising stuff on Monday
represent
Shit niqqa.
:(Why did you switch and how do you like it so far?
I've been using Robinhood for about six months and that's my only experience trading.
so far it's alright.
the problem is there's a bit of a learning curve with their interface, like their desktop app looks like some 1990s shit (pic)i switched because I wanted to be able to buy muh BAC warrants, OTC stock and foreign stocks.
it really pissed me off when robinhood forced me to stay in BAC+B and cost me like 20% of my unrealized gainsthey also do some "oy vey" type shit like making you pay like $3 a month to get real time Nasdaq/NYSE data, but the commissions are only $1 so whatever.
>portfolio keeps increasing after market hours
Are you me?
Based book.
It's a great fucking feel but I'm sure as shit not there with you today.
All my stocks finished in the red.
tfw i actually owned riot at $7 like two weeks ago but sold it for a measly 5% profit
If you're looking to improve your trading beyond just 50:50 shots on short term stock trades.
Tasty Trade is the place.
They're live during market hours.
Best stuff I've ever watched and cheapest fees in the industry.
DXR :)
I don't get how people can actually trade with shit like that.
It's such an eye sore and too much information packed into a small space to focus on any one thing.
I'm not some dumb millennial who needs Robinhood's super simplistic interface, but goddamn that shit's just ridiculous.
I've got a TD Ameritrade account to do the shit Robinhood can't and I think they've got a good balance of giving you the right amount of information without overloading you and raping your eyes.
Why is this stock only available to trade from 3-4pm?
I never seen anything like that before.
I just started watching it yesterday when the shill mentioned it, but that's been the case both yesterday and today.
i know it's shiti picked them because they have the cheapest commission and margin behind robinhood.
I'm just confused how this was the common setup for so long.
No wonder normalfags have been adverse to trading stocks.
I've got a TD Ameritrade account to do the shit Robinhood can'tWhat kind of shit?
Also what's involved in setting up an account with them?
I think Robinhood has me covered for now but just curious.
I just wanted it for warrants and shorts.
I'm sure it's got other features that I'm too dumb to use, like I know for sure it has options.
Robinhood literally has nothing.. its going long on socks.
No futures, options or margins
I don't know any of that stuff yet at all.
I'm still trying to get a firmer grasp on plain simple trading tbqh.
No need for me to use anything but Robinhood I guess?
Yeah, if you just want to buy and sell stocks Robinhood is great.
Yeah right on.
How much does that account of yours cost though?
$7 commission per trade, but I got two months free when I signed up.
you can get margin on Robinhood through Robinhood gold
RH just werkz
>SGMO
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH the bank moon mission in december might not happen
http://www.businessinsider.com/fed-worried-about-low-inflation-suggests-rate-hikes-in-question-2017-11
Whoever that was that was pushing RIOT yeaterday.
Thanks mate, i owe you a blowie