whats up with this?is it a pajeet and dump or is it actually mooning?
This coin is bound to go to te moon sooner or later anyway.Their product is ready and slowly rolling out while the token price has been going down for month.The undervalued alarm is screaming.
There's an announcement tomorrow apparently.
yeah i'm currently sitting on a bag or two, might be worth selling now and buying again in a few daysreally?
neat
don't be stupid and sell, this project is severely undervalued due to so much FUD.
It should be right up there with TenX or above, especially when it's released for EU in the next few days/weeksI went balls deep, again, yesterday and expecting some nice gainz in the coming weeks.
I am a black card holder from ICO though, so i might be biased.Yes, there is an announcement tomorrow: https://twitter.com/monaco_card/status/930012477827432448
also, the token is getting an overhaul, which might make it moon way above previous ATH
hontoni arigato desu~wont sell them today then
Rumours are that they are getting added to a big exchange tomorrow, might be more than just that though.They have a dev in Japan atm, he might be a part of the announcement (showing the card being used, partnership, showing it at the ETH conference there etc.)
which should create big amounts of hype, as well as kill much FUD.
So I just started reading up about Monaco.My understanding is that I can spend my crypto anywhere that accepts a card?
How much is the fee?
i dont know the exchange fees but this is what their faq says>Monaco means life without fees.
There are no monthly fees, no annual fees, cards are shipped to users for free.
You literally will not pay any fees as long as you stay within the monthly Fair Usage Limits.>Interchange fees are transaction fees that the merchant's bank account must pay whenever a customer uses a credit/debit card to make a purchase from their store.
The fees are paid to the card-issuing bank to cover handling costs, fraud and bad debt costs and the risk involved in approving the payment.
In practice, this cost is passed on to the merchant accepting the payment from the customer.i'm hoping on some nip announcement, like otakurepublic or akihabara accepting MCO
Didnt they make the token useless to hold though?
Or have they backpedaled
hontoni domo arigato gozaimaaaassssss
you can get cool metal cards for staking your tokens50 for the cheapest one, limited supplyi'm guessing there will be some reward for staking overall too, dont know for sure havent read their entire whitepaper
they had to in order to not be delisted for being a security, they had no choice (TenX and TKN will be delisted from major ones soon for this reason)They are working hard on finding a solution which will bring the same functionality without it being considered a security, which will make it possible to be listed on major exchanges.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtymAK1pjssEssentially, the old asset contract model was never going to work, there would have to be billions of dollars transacted for it to be worth it's value.
They are basically upgrading it now.Might be a few weeks before they can decide, as they have to check with all juristictions, which takes a really long time.
Just a minor pump: https://discord.gg/EjCT9C
4343032HAH, as if your pathetic group of 15 year old pajeets could pump something that is above #200 in marketcapgo back to your /secretclub/
Just bought 100 MCO to add to my portfolio how fucked am I?
Should I sell at the top of the moon today and rebuy when it levels later?
Or is it going to stay up around 6+ - I don't mind if it goes to 5+ but anything under 5- is going to make me unhappy.
So youre gambling that they can find a solution even after there visa fiasco.
Seems real risky
visa fiascoYou mean this fiasco?https://cointelegraph.com/news/singapore-residents-clamor-for-bitcoin-backed-visa-cardshttps://www.cryptocoin.news/news/altcoin/visa-and-monaco-announce-first-ever-pre-paid-cryptocurrency-card-for-singapore-users-3238/https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-01/visa-approves-monaco-cryptocurrency-card-for-singapore-residents
why would you be fucked?
you invested in a severely undervalued company with a really bright future which is riddled with FUD, meaning people are scared of it.
If you know your Buffett quotes you should know if you did the right thing
visa fiascoWhat are you talking about.
They literally got approved by VISA for Singapore 2 weeks ago.