What's the scoop boys?
Any upcoming short term moon missions on the radar?Say why, don't just blurt out random coins.
dem tits
bitcoin is going to moon.
buy now, whales accumulating.
thank me later.
WAVES: Putin support.‘fastest blockchain platform in the world’https://venturebeat.com/2017/11/08/waves-says-its-launched-the-fastest-blockchain-platform-in-the-world/XZC (Zcoin)Binance listingZnodes
DOGE is gaining againwas 15 yesterdaynow at 19
Saved.Also ETH will genuinely double in price if it gets over $350, and it's going to get to $350 if it gets over $330.
ARKLong-term hold.
A bit late to the party, but anything below 50k is a good buy right now.
Check their roadmap and dyor.There are two more coins I am not done accumulating, so not gonna advertise them rn, but they are quite shilled here anyway.
0x = don't sell during the dips , this pump is for something going on in late November.
42685544268566Literal pajeets.
Heed their advice if you hate money.
Literaly deluded.. you know it.
RCNSlowly mooning https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-RCN
RDN
BNB
4268673>RaidenA coin that is being openly shilled before actually mooning is nigh certainly a pajeet-tier shitcoin.
Buy at your own peril.
REQ check it, new exchange tmw
Super low volume but buy walls are being bought out in full.
Just recovered from ATL.
Partnered with REQ, another recent /biz/ favorite.
Decentralized computing and 1/5th of Golems market cap with an actual working product, a new website and Chinese marketing in December means that this could 3x by the new year easily and beyond.
And also, it hasn't mooned as hard as other coins but is catching up, which means this could flip for 30% in the next couple days depending on if there's a giant BTC turnaround and this was all a giant alt bulltrap.
Ive seen this floated around, where are the rumors coming from?
4268775This.
If you missed alt moon missions of yesterday and today, this is your pick.
Volume quadrupled today without any significant price increase yet.
It is just starting.
4268775for this I must buy RLC from bitrex right?
What coin is it?
And what exchange?
4269228RLC/BTC on Bittrex is most recommended, since it has the highest volume.
Syscoin, news release coming for merchants backing sys with over 1 million sku's.Syscoin still flying under the radar, people drastically underestimate how big e-commerce is.
Besides that people also underestimate how big the darknet markets are, syscoin will provide the perfect platform to become a new silkroad 2.0.
Its decentralized webbased easy acces ("grandma friendly" as devs call it) and supports zcash.
This coin will boom with news that comes any minute now and will be the biggest crypto moneymaker in 2018.
thanks see you in lambo heaven
RLC will moon soon
$SALT brah
This.
Doge is mooning.
Expect 5-10x like normal.
SUMO
ODN - $3 EOYNot on any significant exchanges yet, although some are on the wayOriginal p&d is over and the coin is starting to recoverteam has expanded massively in the last few weeks and is starting to get on the same pageTamico partnership is starting to produce new marketing materials and organized directionPublic testing of messenger app in a few weeks, followed by full appstore release within 30-60 daysAnnouncement of anonymous payments built into the platformIncreasing evidence from the team and CEO that more than just a messenger is in the platform's future... under-promise, over-deliverrecent FUD campaign is systematically getting BTFO with each update.Working block explorer on the horizon, according to recent team updates, which will effectively kill all remaining FUDOh... and it's still only a 6m market cap = fucktons of room to grow = exponential potential roi
Ardor, MainNet release
also, new Sidechains announced.Staking Ardor will be profitable AF in 2018.All SideChain tx fees go to Ardor holders.
this.
iEx.ec (RLC) is being shilled hard and i don't know why to be honest, but i just bought 3 btc just for kek
thanks for the info, been holding this since the ico because i believed
follow the slack and read their recent updates on medium.
90% of what this company is doing isn't filtering out yet.
I'm all in at this point, so I don't gaf about spreading the word right now.
Because it's an incredible project (realer than literally 90% of blockchain projects) with absolutely zero fucking real marketing, and since everything else is mooning, /biz/nessmen are picking up the slack and raising awareness.
The shilling you see on this board isn't SEE YOU IN LAMBOLAND BUY NOW it's "holy shit, this project is probably the most undervalued on the market, and without telling you about it, you won't find out because the team doesn't market for shit"Next month they're gonna mix it up, but now is the time for action.
Get in on the fucking bottom of the ground floor (jk that was yesterday at like 7200, but only like 0.1 actually got traded at that price)
TFW No qt asian GF
Are you talking about ZAP because that is the real super moon mission to get in on the ground floor of
https://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
Soon.