So, what you are saying is nobody tries to drive down the price?As sad as it is to see the price tanking even further, I begin the think about buying more until the very bottom.
I mean, come on, how much lower can this sucker get manipulated anyway?
Is literally everybody fucking selling at this point or why is there zero confidence in the holders despite all the talk here on /biz.
Russian scamcoin man accept it , confido 2.0
"despite all the talk here on /biz"You really think this board has *any* influence on the market at all?
You're deluded.
768,554 LINK sell wall at 1926 sats.
Kek, No way this shit is real.
It's not really diving as badly as it seems..
It's just that BTC is slowly and consistently gaining and LINK is staying still
Love to see some whale with balls of steel and faith in link to buy this out instantly and screw him over
you newcoiners don't fucking get this at all yet, observe powr, learn your lesson before the jan wave and you'll be fine.
Nah, it has been constantly being popped up and removed since yesterday actually.
Also gets removed if endangered to be bought up.
Yes, I am a monkey that watches the Link charts a few hours every day.
observe powr, learn your lesson before the jan wave and you'll be fine.What do you mean anon?
if this is actually being manipulated, what are they getting out of it exactly?
theres no way an accumulation phase would last this long
No.
Link has been dropping in USD value over the last weeks/days as well.
Yesterday Link was 150 sats higher even with BTC staying at about the same price of 8200.
Link just hitting a new floor.
someone should buy it all up in one pop
Been watching the depth chart ever since Link got on Binance, this fake wall shit has been going on every minute of every day from the beginning.
Wait, aren't people who run LINK nodes gonna receive gains according to how much LINK they hold?
Is it possible that has actually been some kind of accumulation war between whales?
Yeah, but it stopped for a while after binance ran out of Link for a short amount of time.
as long as people are willing to sell the accumalation can last forever, as far as i'm concerned though it's mostly bots battling against each other not much new capital
no it is literally exhausting.
go back and look at old /biz waves if you want to be proactive.
I'm not saying there's no chance of manipulation (either by the exchange or whales) but is it so hard to believe people might FOMO into BTC when they see it approaching new all time highs?
They start thinking that they may aswell get out of LINK or whatever alt because then tey can ride out the BTC bullrun and get back in and have more LINK in the end.
>whales are manipulating
Are telling people to HOLD link and not have weak hands?
What are you trying to say anon
I also don't really get his point.
I assume he wants us to be patient and see POWR as an example to fail (??)
4484289I'm merely telling you to observe
Holy shit, it is partially getting eaten up.
He really wants to sell or is just slow.
I'm merely telling you to observeKek, im so baked right now.
This actually made me LOL
I think POWR will correct like a motherfucker.
x11 since 2 November.
He's playin mind games.
And frankly, I think he's targeting us.
This happened with BNB too, and I was shilling so hard when it was under a dollar.
I'm thinking he's scared of the tether hack and wants to liquify all his positions.
Not a bad idea if you have that much sitting on an exchange
There is no whale wars for now but I am gonna start it in 12 hours after I cash out 10 BTC from neo.
For now whales are doing regular clean and sweep, attacking small holders /day traders.
If I am successful, I will strike down 1980 Satoshis wall or Atleast hurt them so they would start pumping it
Everybody would benefit from this.
I really have no other explanation about what happens other than "whales accumulating".
Yeah, I know, funny meme.