short it (double top)
uh thats not a double top
Looks like it to me?
t. increasingly nervous buttcoiner
not yet dude they minted another 30 million tether so we're going to 8500 no problem
thats definitely a double top
has BTC ever gone down after a Tether printing?didn't they print 30 million last weekend but we had the half-flippening anyway?IS IT GOING UP OR DOWN AHHH
maybe thistime they minted but will not pump btc to make it seem like it wasn't fake tether pumps that inflate the price.You know, they probably are on these chans doing market research too.
Wasn't that yesterday?
Can you send a link that shows when tether is printed?
http://omnichest.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXL
You can buy lots of different coins with tether but mostly people buy Bitcoin
Yea I found it.
They actually printed 60 million tether.
Wow.
That can pump bitcoin a lot.
Everyone was expecting the price to go to 5k or maybe even 4.5k.
Instead it turned around at 5200.
Could be the hedge funds or it could be tether.
We were far from any sort of flippening.
We'll probably gonna go sideways till monday.
Then will see how the cme futures affect the price.
they printed 90 million today alonethis is ridiculous
Where do you see 90 million?
I only see 60.
Btc doesn't care about H&S, double tops or whatever TA bullshit you say, it just keeps mooning.
Sometimes I love it, sometimes I hate it.
ah wait my bad i thought the simple send was another grant.
i gotta read better
gogoing
short it>when bitfinex keeps printing new tethers everytime btc dipsGood way to lose your money.
Hasn't confirmed yet.
Once it does see if the pump gets us passed 8k if not it's time to gtfo
Just go all in, I hate BTC but those tethers are as good as a metronome for juding when it will pump.
I think it breaks 8k in a few hours.
*judging
How exactly do you short bitcoin?
How long do tethers take to confirm?
It's sitting at 5/6 and it's been almost two hours.
Tether runs on bitcoin blockchain so it should be 10 minute blocks if things are working correctly, which it usually isn't because bitcoin is shit.
I'm a bitcoin maximalist and I say it IS a fucking double top or even tripple counting the one from a while agoshort that fucker to acquire more, stop being emotionally attached, it's not your favorite football team, it's about making money pussies
MY MAN !!
!EASIEST CALL OF MY LIFE
ok, it's dipping
bitmex on 100x
it was already confirmed by macd and rsi bearish divergence.
wtf have you doggies been doign.
switch to bch you might get some gains
It did a triple top the other day and just went on past it to moon.
TA means nothing when 30 million of Tethers were sent to the bitfinex wallet 1h 46 minutes ago and are at 5/6 confirmations.