Daily reminder that your could be letting your bitcoin work for you, instead of letting it rot away in a wallet>stay poor faggots
but that craig grant guy got 70 of his bitcoin stolen that he invested and had his bitconnect account hacked several times.
doesnt seem very safe
Daily reminder that bitconnect will steal all your money in 2 months.
Daily interest is realistic, 0,4% something.
Never forget the bitpetite scam tho, randomly closes down after 7 months with 4,7% something daily interest.
Wished they would wait tho, gz to all the early investment on the scam but they got too much attention on the end and closed.
Bitcoin mixers, best thing ever in the future.
you've been saying that all year lol.
PONZIONZI
Is this scam for burgers only?
Already lost $3000 to bitpetite.
Not going to happen again.
Cant compare bitpetite nigerian scam to bitconnect, its the real deal and with a realistic daily income compared to that scam you can pretty much think for yourself and evaluate where you want to put your cash long term vs short
Im about to do usi techGot some ethconnect coins too
This guy knows what he is talking about.
Bitconnect has realistic returns and will be here for a long time
hey hey heywasso wasso wasso
>letting it rot away
BEEEEEEEEEEEECONNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
More about USI Tech - friend gave me link but sounds too good to be true; is it a pyramid scheme or legit?
Thanks for the kek
Been using it for a couple months and its legit
I have never replied to a bitconnect thread, but now it's true.
UK government has given them 2 months, look it up.
ponziI swear with crypto going mainstream this won't exist for long.
Time to get ur profits out faggots
wew lad
UK government
'Stolen'.
already got a new reg.
that's valid through 2018
You fucking pajeet street shitting bottom feeders... every new bottom layer of thw pyramid has to be broader than the last one.
There's simply not enough greater fools left.
anyone know what to look for when it starts cracking?that awards presentation shit was a pretty big red flag.