I might genuinely need to neck myself
Just get a loan and buy Monero faggot
wtf?confido?
Jesus Christ.
How the fuck do you manage to lose money on Todays market?
Well done!
Dcth and inpx
what the FUCK did you buythat is DRYS tier
Did you go all into Confido or something?
Ways you can tell someone was just handed a bunch of money and didn't work for it
I wasn't handed.
I worked for my inheratince.
Chores and shit over the years.
you cashed out didnt you?
mfw i lost 200 bucks on dcth>mfw i feel better now that i see this shit>mfw i have no facethanks anon!
inpixon & declath stock tradingdamn, you should probably go for crypto and try your luck with long holds there.>moneroand best you buy it right now since its very cheap in this dip.
Why??
Never even heard of these shitcoins.
Holy fuck you blew over 100k?
Unfortunately not.
It doesn't calculate those as losses.I sold Delcath after reverse split.
Still holding inpx
starting investment?
k of my 150k inheratince
4532176Are you retarded?
Learn to diversify and know when to cut losses you stupid monkey
Likewise
WHY ARE PEOPLE THROWING THEIR MONEY AT ALTCOINS?
Chores and shitSo it's money you didn't actually work for.
Gotcha.
How shit dude.
I'm sorry man but that loss makes me sick
More retarded than me and that's saying something I almost threw up when it happened.
4532293excuse me but what the fuck did you guys do?
I want a detailed trade history
fake
Delcath at 30 cents pre reverse splitInpx at 2 dollarsAttempt at drys
i hope this is fake because that makes me sick to my stomach even if it wasnt my money.
Think how many millions you could have had buying btc or eth.
I'm tempted.
Lol Ive lost 3 grand on some stupid penny stocks... so what?
if that was your life savings maybe you shouldn't have gone all in.
>"stocks are safer than crypto"
You were better off paying someone to invest the money for you.
No way this is real post the stock you lost it on
see
 jesus christ some rich faggots are dumb as rocks.
why throw your money at shitcoins holy shiit all you have to do is buy ETH and RDN and youre set for life.
how hard is it to just buy those 2 and hold forever holy shit.
meanwhile poorfaggot here skipping meals to put money in crypto to escape this hellish life
The next time you inherit $150,000 go to CharlesSchwab and ask them to put it in a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, REITs and precious metals.By the way, I hate CharlesSchwab.
You must be legitimately retarded anonSeek help
Get in REQ, wait for a year, easy profit desu
for realI can't believe you put everything ypou had on two fucking penny stocks, jesus fucking chrsit.
It'ts such a sick loss...but all you had to do was buy eth
Can someone give me a rundown on DRYS?
What on Earth happened to cause them to have -100k EPS?
Lol dude he bought pennystocks not shitcoins.
go into crypto but don't listen to these monero shill-tards.
Do your own research and lock into something within the top 10 that sounds good.
don't let your memes be dreams... wait, don't let your dreams be memes... wait, that's not either.double down
seems like declath wasn't a penny stock to begin with.
They just plummeted in value and never stopped losing.
Pennies are shitcoins.
BUY LINK
i am sorry but there is no way you can be that unsuccessful over one year in crypto with the huge bull run in may, even if you had just 1% of your portfolio in eth you would be up by now.
how did you not put atleast some into eth or btc which were so low a year ago i refuse to believe you can actually lose that amount of money in crypto over the past year
i'm glad you lost your money.
it went to people like me, who deserve it.
people do dumb things when they're young, it happens.
now you hopefully will learn the value of money and not throw shit you dont have at risky investments.
should have put 20k max of 100k inheritance into crypto
hahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahaThis made me feel better about the bags of cardano and link im holding.
Those shitcoins can hold more value than actual businesses for a longer period of time.Were you trying to become the wolf of wall street or something?
pennies are for snakeoil salesmen and men going through a midlife crises.
Everyone crowdfunds failing businesses these days anyway.
My penny weed stocks have fucking mooned, no idea why people are shitting on pennies
OP why did you invest in those stocks?
Were you victim of some scam?With that money you could have bought some stock analyst reports and invest in risky stuff but at least make an informed decision...
inheratinceserves you right fucking trust fund babby
weed stockswould be stupid not to invest in these in the current political climate.
Should of bought crypto, you could of thrown a dart on the biggest market caps on Crypto like Monero, Dash, Ether, hell even (((Ripple))) Jesus.
ahahaha trustfund baby with a quarter brain who doesn't know shit about crypto thinks he can make it big
And there are people who say that cryptos are volatile?
not crypto, penny stocks in some shitty IT startup
Holy crap anon.
Don't you know how risky investing in stocks is?
Go put your money in BTC and don't touch it.
Ever!
Then do research on some legit small crypto projects and invest a bit of your money in them.
Leave them to grow for a very long time as well.Maybe buy index funds too (SnP 500 for example) and keep buying a little more every month.
Keep your index funds in a IRA or whatever it's called in the US.
Good luck.
Topkek, can I quote you in my bachelor thesis?
This is probably fake but if it isn't, just know that somewhere in the world I am sitting in front of my computer screen uncontrollably grinning.
You have no idea how happy your loss makes me.
In this moment I am euphoric, not because some random anon lost a lot of money, but because the loser is a retarded trust fund baby who doesn't understand the value of money that he has been gifted with.
Get fucked.
reading the comments here, I realize 90% of this place has nothing but malice for one another and not a shred of camaraderie.
This lot doesn't deserve to become rich.
we dont support idiots, commerce is a bloodsport.
What do you think Wall Street is like?
0 sum game>camaraderieYou say one thing but your trades say another.
Kindly fuck off.
The amount of people in this fucking thread that don't know what Robinhood is, and don't know the difference between actual stocks and fucking meme coins is incredible
Fucking idiot.
Monero IS the best one in the top 10.Or are you this retard who dumped his Monero?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHg8qIKJo1I
camaraderie is reserved for those you spend alot of time with.
Even though I trade, I still share honest opinions and my research with any channer I can at any point I can.
And I don't take any glee from other's misfortune here.
This.
Everyone here is an fucking idiot.
>investing in not cryptolmao
Bro we're just fucking with you.
Everyone here is young and poor as shit.
All the people with money here are LARPerd except legend iHaz but he left a long time ago.
We love seeing people with money lose it.
Don't take it personally.
I take glee in the misfortune of retarded trust fund babies, mostly.
Nothing makes me more happy than some rich idiot's net worth getting reduced to represent his true value.
There is no camaraderie between myself and the likes of OP.
iHazThis board has changed a lot, huh.
'FAKE AND GAY
this board has recommended ETH and BTC super early on, how can you say that everyone here is poor?
last month I started hedging into stocks, which I feel a little stupid for, but I hope in the long run it turns out to be a good choice.
how have you guys not seen robinhoodholy fuck it seems like crypto rise has attracted a lot of financially illiterate children to this board
there has been a thread every single week since I started in June.
They either are being willfully ignorant, or are new as fuck.
It's fucking stocks not shit coins you fucking retards.I'm never touching the stock market again
Jesus ChristImagine working years at a miserable job so you can leave your kid with the hope of a bright future, and he fucks it up with some dumb shit like this
HAHHAHAHAHAHHAH DCTH.You faggots blindly listening to blabbering retards on rgt deserve to lose all your money.
DCTH was in a spiraling death spiral of financing but you retards bought hype
hedging>into>stocks
I think you can recover anon.
6 - 12 monthes
Stream it if you do.Protip: if you had put all of that money into Bitcoin last year, you'd be a millionaire right now.
Well you may as well keep it there and hope those stocks go up at some point
They have patents and trials.
We assumed those would pull it out.
real value vs trading random numbers
Diversification!!
cute.
the kids forgot where they are again.
lol just wait.
Youll probably lose more soon fucking newfagunless yuouve been trading for years...
It doesnt matter how good you think you are
How old are you OP?
greed.
they think they found 100x moon and everyone else is stupid, they'd probably cash out of ETH when it hit 10$.
Because people bought like 50 eth.
That's not much.
Even at the 21 BTC meme, you're not swimming in cash.
>not parking your money in steady coins
not parking your money in steady coinsyou faggots are retarded.
op didnt invest in crypto he invested in stocks.
Maybe you should have quit at the point you lost 10k?
Why didn'y you just buy some stable stock that pays good dividends?
There are no turnaround cases, they are rarer than moon missions
This.Even my normie-tard relatives are cashing out on crypto and blue chip stocks.
You literally can't lose rn
lol at that horizontal dead line at the end
Beep ... Beep ... Beep ... Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
play stupid games>win stupid prizesyou could've just held btc/eth and been a millionaire in a few years but you chose shitcoins (((trading))) insteadpatheticyou really should consider suicide after such horrible life choices