Gonna have 2.5 mil from this in 2 years, pretty happy desu.
Whats my LINK commanding position now?
welcome, Lieutenant Colonel
has 50K LINK>keeps it on an exchange wallet
Why would you buy now?They just announced they're redoing that shitIt's gonna plummet even further.
Buy it several months later when it's worth less than a penny
You messed up OP.
LINK will keep sliding downward.
And when btc is 10k maybe.
Whats my LINK commanding position now?A complete fucking faggot who is going to kill himself in 2 years
>i have 50k link
I think u did good OPcould’ve bought a month later tho
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out.
Non-ironically accurate
good job OP.
don't listen to these dumbos saying the price will collapse soon.
they jus' guessin'.
one thing is for sure, you got yourself the lambo ticket.
50k+.
now just tuck it away 'n' wait.
its unfortunate to see so many people pumping money into Confidox2.
Pajeets4life.
When you say this shit is gonna moon you're guessin as well.The team already said there's NOTHING in the horizon for (I guess) at least January 2018.With btc skyrocketing everyday it doesn't make any sense to hold now.Sell now and rebuy more link with an overpriced bitcoin in January 2018.
You will get more link.Big link fan here.
Thank you based ballin pepe poster.
Buy the rumor, sell the news.
How hard of a concept is it to comprehend?
Does someone unironically think, that this is THE HIGHEST POINT OF LINKS PRICE EVER AGAIN
Would be smarter to at least wait for bitcoin to drop again.
I could easily see it hitting 5k again then skyrocketing.
Easy way to double your money.
They just announced they're redoing that shitlol noSergey said weeks ago that they were going to transfer to Go.Porting to different programming languages is a very normal thing to do during development.Brainlet.
Yes.
This.
I have seen it many times.
When the price actually goes astronomical overnight like it did to in may/ june.
The exchanges will steal ur shit and run off to Indonesia or something.
Look at BTC-e, Cryptsy, and gox.
They all took off ass soon as the prices went astronomical.
Listen OP.
Your gonna have a lot more 2.5 mil.
If you jold for 3 yrs your gonna see $250 per LINK.> So 250 x 50K = 12,500,000> 12,500,000 x .35 (conservative tax estinate.
Don't be a clown render unto Cesar what is his.)
= 4,375,00,500,000-4,375,000=8,125,000I'll see you at Cremia's bar in Hyrule lad.
Ah, dear sir, I must commend you for what will be a most commendable decision.
Do remember there are vagrants about in the forests who wish to persuade you to abandon thine treasures so they might hold it in your stead.
Avert!
Avert from such heathens.
dude move the LINK ASAP into MEW
maybe he just bought it and took a screencap before transferring?
Well done m8, be greedy when others are fearful
That's exactly why I thought it was a good time to buy.
Seeing so much fud every day and the price dropping close to ico price.
Seemed like a prime time
4507092This is why trying to time the market is so retardedWe've got one guy saying sell LINK now and buy back later because BTC is going to keep rallyingAnd another guy saying wait before selling LINK because BTC is likely to drop in the short termIf you invested in LINK because you believe it's a good project, why not just be patient?
I don't know which way it's going to go but I will say one thing: I wouldn't feel confident selling LINK at ATL to buy BTC at ATHBe greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy.
Not the other way round.
underrated post
those hair extensions...
Yeah man the whole "timing the market" died yesterday when it comes to link.There's nothing to time anymore, you won't miss anything by selling now and buying in January.Just give it up man.
Thank you.
This guy gets it
450681845068384506920450695145069834507054450709245071134507190450720345073534507443450747045075254507525#4CHNallday
why not just be patient?Fucking this.All you ADHD kids need to learn to be patient.
>ETH price at launch>$2.83>Price after 2 months:>$0.63Reminder that it's only been 2 months for LINK.
Good things to come.
There's nothing to time anymore, you won't miss anything by selling now and buying in January.How do you KNOW?
And if I were to sell, what would I sell fo?
BTC?
How do you know BTC won't massively correct between now and January?Fair enough if you don't like the LINK project, but selling now goes against all sound advice> Be greedy when others are fearful> Buy the dip> Buy the rumor, sell the newsYou're doing the opposite of all these things if you sell now.
What exactly makes you think I should wait until January?
What is going to happen then?
There's no roadmap.
For all we know Bittrex could announce they're listing Chainlink tomorrow.
I'm not saying Chainlink will go up between now and January.
What I'm saying is I DON'T KNOW what the price is going to do in the short term and neither do you.
We have no idea when news will drop (this is partly the reason why people here get frustrated, bad communication).
I'd rather have skin in the game and just wait rather than jump from coin to coin in the hopes of getting it right.
Put your emotions aside and listen to what you're suggesting: selling LINK at ATL to buy BTC at ATH.
Your reasoning is probably something like: bitcoin has seen wild growth in the last 2 months, therefore it's likely it will see wild growth in the next month too.IT DOESN'T WORK LIKE THATIt's like saying back in July or whatever: alts have outperformed BTC these last few months, therefore alts will outperform BTC next month.WE SIMPLY DON'T KNOW
if it goes to 0.10 i am going all in
But what we do know is LINK is an innovative product with a wide range of lucrative use cases and interest from big players in industry like SWIFTGiven the current circulating supply (not 350m, I mean the depth on these rink-dink exchanges because everyone stores their LINK in cold storage) it would take just the slightest bit of attention to increase the price to $0.30.
If this happens your stake in this moon mission has already halved.
Worse yet, you'd probably see this sudden price jump and wait to 'buy the dip' - a dip which never comes.
You'll FOMO at $1, sell when it corrects to $0.80, then FOMO back in at $2.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhY
gotta accumulate more
Actually, no matter what happens.
MOON OR DEATH.
No way I am gonna miss another possible and really quite plausible moon mission.
I fucking store this in my ledger and don't look at it for 3 years.
I have 100k LINK and does is quite some money, but also I don't need it.
Wouldn't change my life if I cash it out to get 15k$ or whatever price it may be.
Do you ever stop to think they are transferring to GO because it will be more easy to implement their tech with the big banks and swift?
I will guess that Swift told them to do it so they can utilize them sooner.
MOON
I'd say all that was already planned for some time.remember, Sergey is a literal genius, like he won 100k last year at SIBOS, how many dudes you know who won 100k for being a genius?this dude planned every move down to the smallest detail and he knows exactly what he does.
like give the guy some credit you all are talking like he is now working on hello world for 2 weeks trying to figure out some new programming language while binge eating cheeseburgers.
Implying link will ever hit $20 kek.It'll be around 1.50 if you're lucky
they've been rewriting for two weeks now, it isn't like they're just getting started...stop spreading FUD if you can't be bothered to do some DD
If it gets near ETH level market cap, it will be somewhere around $25-$30.
Not to say that's likely, but certainly possible.
yea, because Sergey will dump all his tokens right away
fuck off
The market always does the opposite of what everyone thinks is gonna happen.
The amount of LINK FUD now is insane and lot of people are selling so it's likely to go up soon.
Cap this.
Got there last week, just not happy that i not wasted a bit longer, could have had a couple of 100 links more, nice playmoney for when it moons to try and scoop up Some more or just cash out a bit and still have that 50k stored awayWelcome to the club bro>>rentfree
Fuck off please
Yeah, LINK FUD has become EXTREME in the last few days.
For every guy posting positive things about it, there are ten paid FUD posts with very basic negative statements that anybody can look up in 10 seconds and expose them as lies.
I've never seen such an extreme level of spreading FUD in my entire time trading crypto.
Wtf?
Have you never walked into an ODN thread before?Most of it has to do with making fun of bagholders who holding onto such a hyped up project because an anime avatar told them to buy it.
And it's funny.
Just sold my stack.
The idea was very good but the team and their lack in any news proven that they don't give a fuck about investors so i wish their shitty coin will die in pain
Just a couple of days ago I was thinking how weird it would be if 90% of 4chan got rich as a result of LINK.
Everyone was saying stuff like "I'm not going to look at this until 2019" and "I'm holding this until $30 or $0" and I was thinking how it just doesn't seem real.
I now realise it's not likely to happen - but not for the reason I thought.Only a few people on here have the patience to actually hold this for a couple of months.
I'm amazed at just how fickle the mood is here.
Fair enough if you didn't invest in the first place but comments like this after holding for just a few days are pathetic.
How can you not see that you're buying high and selling low?
FICKLEI CKLE
Don't you think that it's completely safe to sell this and try to increase your stack with other coins as you know that you won't get any good news in months?
I will buy link for sure, but only when the team will actually deliver something to their investors.
If you hold now you are just emotionally attached to something that is just plummeting everyday
im buying another 100k when it hits .10
I will buy link for sure, but only when the team will actually deliver something to their investorsthen you will buy at 50 cents, anongood luck with that
wait till it hits .01
Don't you think that it's completely safe to sell this and try to increase your stack with other coins as you know that you won't get any good news in months?No, definitely not.
See  and Completely safe?
What is this based on?
You're buying high and selling low.
Unless you have good reason to think another coin will definitely increase 100%, you're just gambling.
For all we know, they could announce they're getting listed on Bittrex tomorrow.
I'm not saying it will definitely go up between now and January - I'm saying I DON'T KNOW what's coming up and neither do you.You're only thinking of one scenario: LINK is static/falling and BTC goes up.
But what if BTC tanks?
Here's one of many possible scenarios: you sell LINK now and jump from coin to coin chasing pumps.
You manage to increase your stack 20%.
All of a sudden, LINK makes some announcement and, because of the shallow market depth, the price has already jumped to $0.30.
You now have 40% or so LINK than if you'd just held.
Or, you might be even more emotionally invested.
You wait for the dip to $0.25 from $0.30 and it never comes.
You FOMO at $1 and then it corrects back down to $0.80 and you panic sell.
You then FOMO in again at $2.Basically, this If you wait until it's a done deal it's too late.
You're buying the NEWS rather than the rumour.
But once it becomes news, it's already priced in.Do you not see how you're going against every maxim of good trading?
Selling at ATL?
Waiting for confirmed news before you buy?If you don't believe in the project then by all means sell.
But if you did your research and understand the project and its potential, don't try to time the market.
You'll miss out.
They deliver to investors all the time.
“I believe we will.
Mainnet is delayed months since 32 million can’t hire a fucking GO developer.
If you hold now you are just emotionally attached to something that is just plummeting everydayNope, I just don't wanna try to time the market.
That shit has never worked for me.
I learned my lesson and now I just hold and wait.
This is money that I don't care about, so why would I sell?
Meant to reply to 
pretty crazy how impatient people are...this is a long term investment for me, and it only makes up 20% of my portfolio.
did you people go all in with your money on this or something?have some patience, their whitepaper is top notch, you don't see that often.
plus they're working with swift and multiple other bigwigs.
if they can pull this off you're rich, if not, tough shit, that's why you shouldn't go all in on something.
50k x 5 cents is $1500.
Deluded LINKie can't even math right.
4510107This.
Im becoming increasingly sure we're astronomical sooner than we think.Rory said they've hired a marketing team and more importantly communication is increasing.
The FUD is weak and the whales are giving it alk they have for their final price suppression imo.
All we need is Rory to give the green light and we're rich, i wouldnt be able to live with selling into that kind of risk.
Lads Rory is following me on Linkedin lolI'm going to take this as a sign
rory has spokenprepare for moon boys
Piantkek
Do you think this small rally is a response to this comment?
If so, it shows just how little it would take to send this thing into the stratosphere.
Imagine what it will do when there is actual news lol
very likely.
let's hope they have some solid developments eoy.
OP here at a different comp.
Nice to see there is a small bump right after I bought in.
If it goes lower for the next two months, alright.
I know there's a light at the end of the tunnel with this one so I'm happy desu.