Does anyone else think he's gay, trans, and likely a pedophile?
All that marxist relativism does not begin and end with economics.
All jews are pedos.
sexual orientation is a political opinionkys dumb /pol/editor
it is now
What you're born with is never an opinion you dumb redneck
I think he was abused and as a grown up is fucked up and may even be into some weird pedo shit; because the cycle
Fuck him, I heard he's made out of candy corn
this guy is gender neutral.
thats why he likes unicorns.
Does anyone else think he's gay, trans, and likely a pedophile?sure> do i give a shitno
like i said postmodern thinking does not begin and end with politics
I wanna cum on that face so bad
4359545Oh look, a reddit posterThat was easy
I asked this question in Devcon 2015.
His reply was genderqueer, non-binary.
1,000 Ether in 2016 for 3,000.
I just bought a lake house in August with the 300,000 profit.
Money Skelly is my fucking hero.
I hope all you jealous cocksuckers die in a fire.
wut?
how did this turn into a gains discussion
some people just need to brag
seriously people need to stop talking about /biz/ on /r/cryptocurrency, everyone here knows to dump once reddit gets news of a coin, which doesn't work if you cucks keep bragging on there about how /biz/ always picks coins before they pump.
Does anyone else think he's gay, trans, and likely a pedophile?
Nah just a petite sperglord.> marxist relativismMarxist relativism?
Where has this Vitalik is a Marxist meme come from?Because of that dumb tweet about how he wanted to hire the guy who deleted Trump's twitter?
If that was the case, then wouldn't Warren Buffett be an arch marxist?
(No, of course not, fuck you're mental gymnastics, it's not like one of the world's richest men is actually a closest Marxist and his intent is to be a falseflag to draw the proles into glorious revolution against evil capitalist aristocrat Trump as ordained by the reptiles when they first explored their Thetans a bazzilion years ago on planet Kike)
do you realize what ethereum is?
its endgame changes the entire structure of society.
he just scamerprint "money" -> sell em
>marxist relativismWhat are you talking about?
Vitalik is right of center.
Ethereum is a very libertarian, anti-SJW technology.
It allows, for instance, the white race to create a DAO and then subsidize white births, all untouchable by the jewish global powers.