
SELL ETH SELL SELLL
Whats your goal with all this fake fud and why are you using it on 4chan?
Nice, just sold 100k Ethereum.
Nice!
Just sold 100k.
it's not FUD.
Look at his twitter account, retard.
Vitalik probably has gigabytes of child porn on his computer
LOL.
/b/tard confirmed!
He literally ruined ETH's image forever
4352783what a coincidence, you two have 100k ETH
kind of need eth to crash here
Did he make any other comments on cp before today's tweets?
wow thanks for the heads up sold my ETHcant wait for the memes when this guy goes to prison
I think he is just an autist.
Which is fine.
The autistic are better than us on average, but they think of things in very narrow ways.
fake fudI'm sorry to break this to you anonhttps://archive.fo/ZN601https://archive.fo/IBm6v
why the FUCK would he even mention cp
I'm going all in and get my $10 buy orders ready
because he's a multimillionaire autist.
normalizing pedophilia was ETHs true purpose
>people don't realize why he's comparing heroin to child porn and just assume he's a pedoprotip: go watch some cartel videos
where exactly did the nice just bought/sold 100k meme start?cartels would be as brutal with or without heroin being legalits in their culture
Not fake, and he deleted it shortly after.
>Leave BTC because of drama and go into ETH>This happens for no reason whatsoeverI just want steady gains...this market isn't for me
well to do that you have to go with the feminist movement trying to promote genders and sexuality of that *age is just a number shit*
>I rate pedocoin
tomorrow all the "news" websites will fling shit about money skeleton being a pedo, so expect a big drop
Either ETH or BCH will win this one.
Core does not have a chance anymore.
what an autist LMAO, even typing out the words CP makes me cringe
Yeah, you need a lot of help buddy
hahait will never happen
holy shit sell everything he has no moral compass and zero conscience
i think the heroin finally got to him
mcmichael claimed this post was a joke
43530884352894NORMAL FAGS THAT TASTED CHADS CUM FROM THEIR ROASTIE WIFE WHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
Moral barometer*
PEDO token is gonna moon now
Anybody in this thread seriously selling their ETH?I am thinking about it
Vitalik is a genius but doesn't realise how possession of child pornography is an effect of a market for the torture and mental abuse of children?
Seriously, libertarians are dumber than liberals sometimes.
At least fucking complain to any major corp supporting pedocoinI'm taking a short position
well vitalik seems like he's an abused guy .
and you know what they say about abusers
I'm taking a short positionVitalik made it PERFECTLY clear that he is fine with that.
not knowing that you can draw child pornography and inflict zero damage to the society.
neck yourself moralist.
Leave smart contracts to Da.
/ourguy/
spacey says hoDL!
I know a few people who are personally affected by paedophilia.
What Vitalik has said is completely insensitive, I honestly think he's lost his mind....
I wasnt talking about drawings because vitalik wasnt talking about drawings you autist
Yeah my own father was diddled by pedosViltalk is clearly autistic and horrible with PRI am only wondering if this is going to ruin ETH when the media plasters it everywhere
Smartest man in the thread.
This will hit hard.
It may take a few days to hit the mainstream, but it will especially with all of the Hollywood related stuff in the headlines.
sell it faggot, ill buy your bags.
I think he's saying that there is most likely child porn stored on the ethereum blockchain.
This fake news?
Or real?
He deleted the tweet but it was real
What Vitalik has said is completely insensitive, I honestly think he's lost his mind....Agreed.
Many people on biz live in some kind of 4chan bubble.
This thinking is completely unacceptable.
RealEth better be having emergency meetings and getting rid of this retard 1st thing tomorrow
I'm sorry guys.ITS FUCKING REALWOOOOWhttps://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/930297047202250753FUUUUCK WHAT DO I DO
If you want steady gains buy your boring ass index funds LOL
SELLL YOU FUCKERS BE WARNED
I won't be able to think about eth without knowing this guy supports cp
It's real you dumbfuck
That bag was full of children's bodyparts
Is Vitalik Buterin, dare I say, /ourguy/?
YepOnce you are linked to pedos in the public mind it's hard to break the association someone should have banned this kid from shitposting long ago
The dude now looks like a complete pedophile.
shit.
There's 4 different threads about this same topic.
Everyone going apeshit.
Legalizing heroin (or whichever drug you care to argue for) would destroy the cartels.
Restricting the distribution of a substance to a black market is guaranteed to make any economic activity around it more dangerous.
kek
Basically this guy was a genius and God right until he endorsed bitcoin cash over the bitcoin you hold.
There are many drugs besides heroin to keep them going anon.Cartels also don't only rely on drugs to operate.
Murder, trafficking, extortion, robberies, illegal arms dealing, bribery, and blackmail are all part of their resume.
All drugs legalized and then obviously they take a hit, but I think the brutality would remain.
im in 50% on ETH, should i sell now and buy the incoming dip?, it looks set to fall another 5%.
Sold my eth yesterday with a small loss, had a bad feeling about it ( small short term trader).
Biz fags said not to but i was like fuck it.Thank fuck i don't listen to you faggots
Da is the man
he was saying legalizing all drugs is not that different from legalizing possesion of child porn.It fucking is tho lmao what
Vitalik fucking STOP.I don't care about what autistic opinions you have about CP but DON'T VOICE THEM PUBLICLY PLEASE CHRIST.PEOPLE LISTEN TO YOU.
YOU CAN'T SPOUT THIS SHIT WITH NO FILTER WITH A MULTI BILLION DOLLAR MARKET CAP BEHIND YOU AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHPLEASE VITALIK IF YOU'RE HERE I DON'T CARE ABOUT WHAT WEIRD SHIT YOU DO IN PRIVATE JUST STOP SAYING THIS SHIT ON TWITTER PLEASE IF YOU READ 4CHAN LISTEN TO ME ITS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD AND THE GOOD OF ETH AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
what would be the implications of both?
Introducing CPToken -- Child Pornography on the blockchain
enjoy the v& ride, dickhead
The problem is with real CP, kids are harmed in making it.Legalizing drugs means the only person harmed is the one consuming it, and it's their choice.Kids don't get a choice when they are raped on camera for people like Vitalik to jerk off to.
If you think kids can give consent for this then you probably need to be thrown off a helicopter but I'm assuming you're a reasonable person that can see my point.
Child porn does not exist in a vaccum.
By possesing it you are giving it a market demand.
Children are abused, raped, and tortured for it.
So by legalizing possesion you are pretty much encouraging that.
Drug use may harm you, but thats about it
I included the proviso that the argument could be extended to any illegal drug.
The rest is immaterial to the specific case being discussed (the heroin black market), although I think one could make a reasonable argument that the removal of drug revenue would massively reduce the capacity of cartels to engage in the other criminal activity you mention.
> can literally wipe people's accounts of all their ether> is the figurehead of the company, price would crater if anything happened to himWhy the fuck would he say this, is he actually autistic?
I don't think that the price will crash, but wtf?
The Trump curse strikes again I guess.
yes he is that autistic
Congratulations on this.
Seriously.
.
Sell 1 ETH.2.
Spend proceeds to setup 1000 fake Twitter accounts with pink Wojak profile pics3.
Spam the autistic money skeleton with a link to your post
Honestly wish normies could have a simple fucking discussion without jumping to ad hominem and automatically assuming things about his sexual preferences.I'm not a fan of kidfuckers either but it's genuinely kind of annoying of all people, my girlfriend, is the only person I can have an honest civil conversation with about topics like cp without them flipping out over not getting trips like me.
fuck you
% agreed, fuck normies, but what in the actual fucking fuck?
flipping out over not getting trips like me.Gets that sick ought to be illegal.
without them flipping out over not getting trips like meOh you fuck
Kys skum
What if bill gates tweeted this shit?
He leads the second highest market cap crypto.
I think we can expect more of him
good job
HELL IS HOT, FAGGOT!
another anon posted thisi agree tho and I've dumped my 439 ETHJust dumped 20 ETH for LTC.In no world should CP be allowed to be possessed.inb4 not violent crime for possession.You're creating a demand for it, which is an incentive for others to engage in violent crimes against not only a human, but a minor at that in order to produce such possession.There are a multitude of examples in regards to this including but not limited to drugs and really can't believe this topic is actually up for discussion.
wp
And what of dumb teenagers sexting eachother and their parents finding out, tell the police to get the other party in trouble, then realize their kid is in deep shit too?Should their lives be fucked over such dumb mistakes?
Under no circumstances should grown adults molesting or hurting kids be advocated, but possession of CP laws are fucking ridiculous in some cases.Also there should be zero topics "not up for discussion", because there is always another perspective.
Could be a shitty perspective, but you're not actually going to change someone's world view without discussing things.
Just throwing them in a cage to get murdered by Tyrone and his crew honestly doesn't seem like the best way to go about these things.
Neither is public shaming, but I've never been a fan of shame culture either.
Counseling first, and progressively harsher consequences are the best course of action imo.
Shutting out civil discourse is a fast track to a stupid society.
This
Let's not forget that BTC is the currency of choice for purchasing CP.
Remember that every time you pump BTC you're increasing demand for CP by literally enriching pedos.
Counseling first for all crimes?
Get the fuck out of here Nordic scum.
Nordic model doesn't work unless you consider them forcing Brevik to play shitty PS2 games is worse than a death penalty.Isolation first in jail with access to counseling or GTFO
there is little point in jails.people don't learn anything in jail other than to hate everything more or become a evolved criminal.
it puts criminals on HODL to come commit crime again.make new connections, friends.in most 1st world countries pedos are in separate wards so the whole getting killed in jail thing does not happen as much as you would think.
thats what TV shows you and what the popular meme is to scare both pedos and the general public of jail.either execution for all crime or counseling then after that fails execution is the most cost efficient way of dealing with the problem.
A journalist from my country tweeted yesterday that jews own most media.
She was inmediatelly fired from her jobs.
How can people be so retarded with their twitters?
4353739
she woke up that day.said fuck this shit
SELL SELL SELL!
VITALIK CONFIRMED FOR FALSE FLAG!
THE WALLS ARE FALLING!
LEAVE NOW LEAVE NOW!
ETH IS GONE, DELIST INCOMING!!!
damn thats gonna suck when she starts being a normal irrational girl the whiplash is gonna hurt twice as bad as having a normie roastie from the start
4354471its true tho why is that retarded"To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticise"
The money skeleton is in 2020 thinking paedophilia is non taboo whilst we're still in 2017 coping with homosexuality becoming non tabooTRUELY A VISIONARY
god
wow
He clearly said *possession* not making cp, and no, possessing cp does not "make a market for it" more than any exists right now.
The CP bogeyman is to make you retards okay with surveillance on everything and you all fall for it like retards.
good get
possessing cp does not "make a market for it" more than any exists right now.If you can't understand why increased demand will lead to an increased market production, you are a fucking idiot and should get off of /biz/ before you lose all of your money like the economically illiterate imbecile that you are.Seriously - you are wrong about this.
Go and do the research before you reply with more stupidity.
The more people talk about the drama the more publicity it makes for eth.
You're all dumb as fuck if you sell.
If anything it'll go up.
someone take that scene with the guy destroying his harddrives with a magnetron, putting dvds and shit in the microwave and slap vitaliks face on there
Jokes on you, im a virgin.
"News" outlets are going to run with this and crash eth for a while, might completely ruin it forever desu
download cp from i2p>don't pay for anything >no adsTell me again how this "demand" increases production or how making possession illegal would decrease demand anyway??
It's not like it'd be allowed on clearnet
SATAN PLEASE LEGALIZE CPftfy
Enabling a demand for CP does not effect the production of CP.So if iPhones or Bitcoins or anything had 0 demand, it would still be deemed valuable and produced?If CP was legalized the demand for CP would skyrocket, because now there's no punishment for getting caught with it.
The FBI would make crazy bank off of all of their CP sites.
And guess what, more CP would be produced because an entire new market of people possessing CP legally just opened up.
People already producing CP will make even more money.I'm not advocating for surveillance, weak strawman.
It isn't a boogeyman its just simple supply and demand fuck.
This is /biz/ for fucks sakes.I guess legalizing marijuana never increased the demand for it.
All those weed shops went broke RIP.yeah dude nobody has ever paid for CP ever in their life ever.
You really think ALL of it is available for free?
I could probably request a custom video from some sick fucks in Hollywood for some Bitcoin if I need something specific to get me off.
Look up what the word "possession" means Hint: it doesn't mean production
Yes and?
Even if production is still illegal, it will increase due to the influx in demand by people possessing it legally.
Legal possession = More people possessing CP = More people demanding CP = More people producing CP.
I thought this guy was supposed to be some kind of genius?
He just cosigned BCH tooo NooOooooo y u do dis skelly
Yeah but he's also a turbo autist.
Zero filter leads to this.
He was probably trying to make a hypothetical argument but didn't realize how fucking bad he looked.
he's the first child raping genius.you're naive enough to get raped and think it was your fault.
No it won't retard, demand is the same either way.
You simply can't just *get cp* because it's legal to possess, the same way it's not easy to get it right now.
Being illegal isn't a barrier for demand for those who want it, being illegal to distribute and produce IS.
>people seriously defending possession of cpId say kill yourselves you fucking mentally ill scumbags.
But then the big boys in prison wont be able to have any fun with you.
Into the trash heap with Kevin Spacey and Milo.
prison rape memeDoesn't happen anymore
kek
Doesnt matter what country it is, EVERY SINGLE perverted fuck behind bars gets what they deserve.
Its not a meme.Screws encourage it.
4355088Also Im not talking rape.
Im talking being beaten to near death every week.
"Chainlink is overvalued">"Home owners should risk getting kicked out of their homes same as renters">"possession of CP should be legal and harms no-one"The same man said these three things.
I'm not sure where you got this idea, but I assure you that it does.
Maybe you'll get lucky though and they'll just stab you in the throat with a toothbrush.
that doesn't happen either
the demand is the same even if more people start demanding itliterally anyone can google how to use TOR to gain access to this stuff.
The barrier for entry comes when they know looking at this shit and storing it can land them a lifetime in prison.
Remove that deterrent and what's stopping me from downloading CP from every TOR site I can find, spreading said CP across the net with links to where I found it.
Increasing traffic to this site and therefore increasing demand.
If the law isn't stopping them now, whats stopping them from making more when their market increases in size.I think its funny you went and researched this.
Probably out of a little itching feeling in the back of your mind that you might possibly be someone's bitch in prison.You might need to check the news more often.
People who kill children or abuse children usually need to be put in solitary confinement after being attacked by other inmates.
Maybe things are a bit cushy in your nation, but once the word gets out you're a child fucker, a target is painted on your back.
t. jello's roastie
How sheltered are you bro?friend in prison awaiting trail for war crimes>protective custody section because they want to extradite him to europe >sharing cell with pervert pajeet that molested a 16yo in his taxi>friend finds this out>guards find pajeet on the ground covered in blood with fractured eye sockets, jaw, broken ribs etc>guards ask what happened, "he fell over", nothing comes from itThis is an actual 1st world nation as well where prison rape doesnt happen at all.
You're liberal femifascists?
What's wrong with his words?
Possessing child porn is a victimless "crime".
he's advertising decentralization
just download tor and cp is everywhere is so easy!!
Nope, you have no idea what you talk about.
>I can spread the link across the net That's distribution, not possessionAnd again, traffic isn't demand, and lea IS stopping them now, which is why you can't just go on tor and find hard candy everywhere.
You're creating a demand for it, which is an incentive for others to engage in violent crimes against not only a human, but a minor at that in order to produce such possession.yeah exactly.
I thought he talked about economics a lot too
normalfags start buying ETH>he says thisTHE ABSOLUTE MAD MAN
I hope you get caught and gutted by some lifer cholo.
>possess illegal copy of Hollywod movie from Pirate Baydamaging the creators and the industry>possess CP saved from /b/supporting the creators and the industry>/biz/ in charge of understanding economic concepts of supply and demand
BUY ETH BUY ETH ITS MOONING
Kek
It's legal to watch taliban beheaddings yet chipotle pazole remains illegal.
I don't understand the attraction but something doesn't add up.
Literally sold all my Ethererum.
Fuck this pedo commie.
It all makes sense now
And its mooning
God dammit /biz/ you're all so stupid dont sell this shit it's going up

how the fuck
43527934354858435487043548894354979435504643550994355226OBSERVE AS ETH MOONS DUE TO JEWS BUYING IN NOW THAT VITALIK HAS ENDORSED THEM43552314355245
ITT: normalfags being played twiceButerin is not supporting heroin or child porn, and that's his argument from a purely logical perspective.
Retards saying possession of child porn encourages production of child porn miss the point; heroin use also encourages child abuse, cases of heroin addicts kidnapping/murdering kids are plenty.That's the first way you're being played, and then there's the second one: Buterin is not that autistic.
He's playing with the line of what you can say while maintaining plausible deniability, and comes out with these provoking thoughts cementing his position as autistic genius.
Guy is a sociopath more than a moron.
His endorsement of Bcash is just a means to hack away at BTC supremacy, it's not as if Bcash has a future as a platform whereas ETH is poised to shoot to the top spot if BTC fails.
being this dumb
yall niggas going apeshit about this probably never even read any rothbard people can use things that you might consider to be abhorrent in some way to make a point and from a specific logical reference still be correctdiddler skeleton is right in this case, just as rothbard was right in ethics of liberty about the rights of children and their parents
shut up nerd
Hahaha you sold your Eth based on some /pol/ tier bullshit far right freakout about "muh degeneracy", and now it's mooning.
If you did this I hope you feel stupid.