mfw bitcoin Gold and bitcoin Cash... wtf man.
Also their volumes are pretty crazy right now.
Wtf bought this on?
NO WALLET, NO MINERS, NO FUCKING ANYTHING.
FUCK OFF BITCOIN GOLD COCKSUCKERS.
K?
If bitcoin gold wasn't premined and didn't send transaction fees to the owner it might have actually changed the game.
and fucking everyone else over in the process - who the fuck is buying this crap?
There are certain Biztards who have inside information that they should be buying a coin that does not glitter.
This information is staying within a privileged circle.
Pay the coin and it's activity no mind.
Delete this thread.
What brought this on?High fees.
Catholic Zealot running core who stated he would not continue development if asked by the gov or Catholic Church.
Increasingly slow transaction times.
Consolidation by Blockstream.
Core in fighting.
Off chain scaling instead of on chain.
Block size limitations.
It's not rocket science.
Bought at 0.012 on bleutrade.
It's obvious that they are gonna push this shit as "store of value" meme and bch as "real world use" meme.
DOESNTMATTER
This is the coin with a specific gravity of 19.3.
Speak not my name, buy more should you.
Yeah the volume was even crazier yesterday.
Only if you are a larp and a parasite scammer, it doesn't matter.
Post proof of transactions.
Not on my computer rn but I did and a lot of anons did kek.Easy quick x3.
Still holding a few tho.
A race to be run there still is, Padme.
$285 to 3x.
The Race has begun.
Have my Track shoes on.
Lets go!
they create Tether out of thin air and use it to buy endless amounts of everything that's for saleBTC true value is around $400have fun with those tether bags when they throw the switch you stupid fucksthey already did a trial run with 5% getting "hacked" and you still don't see what's happening, fucking lmao
Hush.
Adults are conducting important business.
run along upstairs.
Mum has tendies ready.
Oldfag, how high will BTG go?
plz respond
PAST $800.
You said powr would hit 2.60$
>already crashing kek
Failure of the Segwit2x hardfork means there's no plausible scaling option for the legacy chain.
Blockstream will block any changes that will delay the profitability of the lightning network.