JEZUS CHRIST GUYS BTC REALLY IS GOING TO HIT $50.0000 AND THAN 500.000 HOLY SHIT.
I LAUGHED WHEN THEY SAID BITCOIN WOULD HIT $5000 EARLIER THIS YEAR LOOK AT WHERE WE ARE NOW
from NEET to sir
I SHOULD HAVE GAVE IN TO FOMO SO MUCH EARLIER
I'm typing this for the millionth time because I actually want you guys to not get burned.
There is a crisis at the moment with USDT.It is literally printed out of thin air and sent to exchanges for use.
Every time it happens the value of BTC gets propped up artificially a little more.
Yes, there is also natural growth in BTC, but the recent run to 8k is all due to tether...And while tether is supposed to be physically backed by actual USD, it's looking more and more that the money doesn't exist to back it and when a definitive answer comes out for that, if there is no money to back it, we will have a Gox times 10 on our hands...Not saying don't invest in things, just keep them somewhere you can cash out instantly.
I have taken to holding my BTC on coinbase since they have an app and I would rather take the gross fees then be trying to send BTC while everybody is trying to get the fuck out before the whole system collapses.Just some info as to why things are happening without the backing of development or news.
Please at least look into this if you don't believe me.
For a lot of us this is literally our futures we are messing with.
Godspeed, Bros.
since when did btc ever need backing?
Unsubstantiated FUD
Cope harder faggot
What should we do, senpai?
Cerrone fucked up rick story so bad in this fight, but he just got JUSTED by some British kid lol
What I mentioned.
Just hold your investments somewhere you can turn them into cash without having to send them to another exchange so you don't have to wait possible days for your transactions to go through.
BTC doesn't, tether does.
And tether is being used to purchase BTC when tether is actually not worth anything since the money "backing" it probably doesn't exist.
You guys can call me FUD all you want but all I'm asking is you take an interest in your future and look into it yourself.
Don't believe me, that's fine.
You shouldn't believe random 4chan posters anyway, but do your own research on it.This is not just a small thing that will bring BTC down a couple hundred bucks, this could literally destroy the entire market.
Almost all ALTs would be killed off, BTC would be dead, maybe ETH, NEO, XRP, XMR and a couple others would be ok but they would take huge losses.
Shit, I keep my btc in a paper wallet...
>fud fud fudeverything people dont want to hear is fud,kek.the linkie syndrome has trickled down to btc, would you look at that trickled down economic delusions does work
If this happens then I'll buy in more with everything I've got
That's fine, and it might be an amazing opportunity.
I just want people to be able to do that with the money they have already gained and not be stuck holding bags as it tumbles down.
blah blah blah.
you've been talking about this tether crap for two months.
soon BTC will be 100k and you will still be talking about the same shit.
This.
So much this.
And if that basic premise escapes you, ask yourself one simple question: What justifies BTC having an $8,000+ price tag?It is ungodly slow, it's fees are ridiculous, it is perpetually forking creating billions and billions of dollars out of thin air, and it has almost NO utility.
Be objective anons, this is not going to end well.
But I could say the same about gold
4465417How much bch do you have sirs?
No actually you can't.
Honestly?
About $50 worth I got for free.
I don't trust ANY of the "bitcoins" right now.
Isn't that one controlled by gooks though?
Why would anyone use that trash lol
Literally sick of this fucking "digital gold" meme bullshit.
Honestly if you believe this you deserve to lose money.
Gold is tangible, bitcoin is not.
Gold cannot be replicated, Bitcoin can.
A'la BCH.
It's just FUCKING CODE.
holding 0.005 BTC
Btc is worth its price because people are willing to agree that it is worth its price, just like fucking paper money.
Any other useless banter is pseudointellectual gibberish.
Tangibility isn't listed goyBTC can't be replicated within the system without consensus or forks occur.
A'la BCH.
my racism informs my actions in lieu of analyzing somethinggood luck with that.
F
I hold only 5 BTC right now, but like I said I keep it on an exchange where I can instantly liquidate it into Fiat just to be safe.A lot of my other coins I can't do that with but I figure better to save some than none.
Btc is worth its price because people are willing to agree that it is worth its price, just like fucking paper money.
Any other useless banter is pseudointellectual gibberish.This sounds profound, unless you apply it to literally anything that is bought or sold.
Then it sounds like intellectual gibberish itself.>Lambo not actually worth any money unless people decide it is>But those production consumables!>But those labour costs!But those scarcities!>But those demand > supplyBITCOINS, ANON.Ah ah ah, no.
Shush a second:.
.
.
BITCOINS.
I don't trust ANY of the ''bitcoins''
Welcome to the digital age.
A lot of products are not tangible anymore, you simply hold a medium that stores it.
Welcome to the 21st century.Bitcoin can fork, but the fork is not bitcoin it's a entirely different product.
4466139>Literally sick of this fucking "digital gold" meme bullshit.
Honestly if you believe this you deserve to lose money.
>Gold is tangible, bitcoin is not.
Gold cannot be replicated, Bitcoin can.
A'la BCH.
It's just FUCKING CODE.Gold can be mined, just like cryptos.
The one time I decided to pretend I'm not racist and bought a shitcoin where I should have known better due to it having niggers on the dev team I lost .6BTC.
Not sure why gooks is a turnoff to him though, they're high IQ unlike niggers.
Paint a red car blue>Entirely different productKeep telling yourself that.
Gold can be mined, just like cryptos.This is how I know this board has become populated by fucking children.
Yes, maybe BTC will crash back a bit, which I strongly believe, since this growth is just retarded and unsustainable.
But as usually the cryptomarket will be fine, so don't shit your pants.
Just use it as opportunities.
Many other coins also don't give a fuck, especially those with other pairs than BTC.
We develop and publish Forex's victory method.Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」
believes in unsubstantiated FUD>thinks USDT is "printed out of thin air">keeps everything on coinbaseThis is a troll, right?
I almost believe you're sincere.
but anon, btc and the forks are different products, they've taken different paths now and record different transactions at different speeds.
They are similar to the same degree a lambo is to a Toyota.
it will crash from 10k to 9600 then go to 14k.
bitcoin will suffer a terrible crash whenever people understand just how much it's being artificially propped up by Tether.
When that is?
Who knows.
BTC will be replaced by then man, but still you should stay in BTC until a real flippening is underway (it's not BCH cashies)
lol shit man, you really dont know how this works.
youre basically saying that everyone with a fake rolex actually just has a rolex, and people with real rolex's need to understand that.
lmao.
Once again: IT'S.
JUST.
CODE.
The only thing giving one value over the other is preference.
Bitcoin can be copied to virtual infinity.
Go make a copy of a brick of gold.
Let me know how that works out for ya.
No retard, I'm saying everyone with a "fake rolex" can still tell the time.
Well, the solution is in between I guess.
I don't believe in more exponential growth of a shitty product like Bitcoin.
It has the firstmover bonus but is inferior to many other coins.
Especially the politics are just fucking retarded and nobody wants or needs those except people who make money from it.If BTC gets too expensive/unusable, then other alts with strong features and easy use handling will rise and suck up the money if people actually start using Dash/PIVX/XMR/VTC etc to actually pay for stuff.
Sooner or later.
But it may as well take some time.
Bitcoin can be copied to virtual infinity.But that isn't real BTC then is it?
You can't 'copy' BTC to give yourself more BTC people will accept as BTC.
The value of BTC is whatever people are willing to pay for it
Go make a copy of a brick of gold.
Let me know how that works out for ya.HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH you just wrecked the store of value meme.
How the fuck will they create a fake copy of the element gold?
I keep it on an exchangelooking forward to hear how that turned out
Bitcoin literally has the exact same problems since day one>Talks about them like they arose in 2017, meaning that he learned about them in 2017>Calling people childrenNice cope.
Anon, I understand that it's difficult for you to grasp that there are things in this world that have been given value even when you cannot hold them.
I can't replicate gold we don't have that technology.
But at the same time, go fork bitcoin and try and flood the market with the forked coin.
Let the people decide if they are exactly the same duplicated product.You need to understand that the world is moving into a digital age.
A lot of the most valuable things in the world are no longer tangible.
realWhat is "real" about any intangible asset?
Nothing.
Which is why I said: The only thing giving one value over the other is preference.
Bitcoin is just code like dollar is just paper.
Gold bullion gets fakes all the time.Drilling, filling with lead or other shit
But at the same time, go fork bitcoin and try and flood the market with the forked coin.What is BCH.>You need to understand that the world is moving into a digital ageI'm well aware.
Do you know what else I'm aware of?
BTC is not keeping pace with said digital age, which is why it's value is unsustainable.
You realise there is infinitely more Gold in the universe than Humans will ever need?
In fact there may be some mine right now about to strike the richest veins ever found that could drop the price of Gold to sweet FA overnight forever.
Once again: IT'S.
JUST.
CODE.
Its also a blockchain and a network and users>Go make a copy of a brick of gold.
You can find more gold.
You can't find more BTC
What about BCH?
Is it exactly the same as btc?
Can you find someone to exchange it at a 1:1 value?Oh?
How is it not keeping pace?
The longer it exists the more products people will develope for it and include it.
Drilling, filling with lead or other shitThat's NOT gold.
Why can you maximalists not understand this basic concept.
Bitcoin can be cloned exactly as it is.
Gold cannot.
Period.
Yeah, and how much of that "universe gold" do you have access to?
Stop being an idiot.
We are restricted to what is available on planet earth and will be for the foreseeable future.
BTC is not keeping pace with said digital age, which is why it's value is unsustainable.Which is why it will obviously be replaced one day by a better alt which will hopefully be the future of currency transactions, but clearly that isn't happening yet
products are never sold at a loss Just because markets value lambos now, doesn't mean they will in the future.
Same could be said about bitcoin or USD.
USDT is literally created whenever they want... That's a fact.
Sorry I guess?
The idea that they don't have the money to back it is because they regularly have been dumping clumps of 30million into the systemAnd yes, my BTC is on coinbase because it's more secure than any other exchange where I can instantly turn it into Fiat.So yeah, I'm sincere.
And I'm hoping it doesn't happen because I love these gains, but instead of being a fucking neet and just saying it can't happen I am ready just in case.
Because why would you not be?
You can find more gold.Just because we haven't found it all doesn't negate the fact that there is a finite supply, dingus.
How is it not keeping pace?You're right, it's totally keeping pace.
Pardon me while I wait 4 fucking hours in the checkout aisle to pay for my $30 of groceries...
I started buying at $400 because i did my research and realized how revolutionary bitcoin is and how its going to change the world,just wait till 3rd world countries like india unofficialy adopt bitcoin for all commerce to replace the cash based black markets,that alone would be about $500 billion
I don't know what hashpower is
Yeah, and how much of that "universe gold" do you have access to?An undefined amount but technology is improving day by day - 10 years from now we may just be filtering gold out of the ocean directly, Gold is abundant on Earth.http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=629325>Supposedly, there's about 230 trillion kilograms of gold in the ocean.
The 'discovery' would be finding a way to extract it cost effectively.
What is asteroid mining?Is there a finite amount of matter in the universe?
BTC won't be the coin that gets there, it'll just be the one that started this journey
The only thing giving one value over the other is preference.>PREFERENCE
If we are going to play the "what if" game, then BTC also has quantum computing to worry about.
So this Ocean gold bullshit doesnt really work.
BCH isn't the same as BTC Segwit, you fucking brainlet.
Learn how this tech works and take an econ class, ffs.
What is asteroid mining?Not even remotely viable in 2017, nor will it be in our lifetimes.
FFS you fucking kids...>Is there a finite amount of matter in the universe?Yes.
Yes and at the same time find me a bank that can wire me money from one end of the world to another in 4 hours.There are inefficiencies in all technologies.
But bitcoin is developing and has solutions to these problems.Just because a product is not perfect in every respect does not mean it is not valuable or that it cannot be improved on.
Gold’s use as a store of value is hampered by the fact that it is a shitty instrument, hard to trnasfer and prone to forgery.
I still don't understand hashpower and it's roll in crypto dominance Read a book, nigger.
Yes so if quantum computing becomes a problem you can increase the range of addresses infinitely.
Its currently ^160 but you could make the number so large you'd need a terabyte USB to carry around your address/private key
Yes and at the same time find me a bank that can wire me money from one end of the world to another in 4 hours.Nope.
But I don't need bitcoin to do that either.
XRP will do it in 4 seconds.>Just because a product is not perfect in every respect does not mean it is not valuable or that it cannot be improved on.No shit sherlock.
It is being improved upon.
They are called "alts" and one of them is going to dethrone BTC.
Bitcoin is a fucking dinosaur who's clock is ticking.
Once again: IT'S.
JUST.
CODE.what if I told you that everything is just code?
you are just code.
a bar of gld is nothing but physics algorithms, particles of some element, with parameters atributed to it by god knows what.
bitcoin is just as real as you and me.
as a matter of fact... bitcoin will still exist long after you and me are gone from this reality.
even if it disappears from every single address, the entire blockchain wiped clean from existence, it would still exist in people's collective memory.
that's a lot more than you can say about yourself, isn't that so?
so, are you even "real"?
What determines hashpower but the PREFERENCE of what one chooses to mine you unequivocal moron?
And what happens to your hashpower argument on non-mineable coins?
Im betting with a lot of money that you're wrong.
what if I told you that everything is just code?
I would tell you that we don't have the ability to replicate that code.
We CAN replicate computer code.
When bitcoin hits $120,000 I will have enough money to buy my own, small, African country with my own pet niggers and wild animals to rule over.
this must be bait
And if XRP can do it in 4seconds, then use XRP.
Unfortunately for you XRP is simply undesirable compared to BTC, so good luck finding someone who will take XRP instead of BTC.
The same way some dealers will only accept gold as a precious metal and not nickel.Okay well that's your opinion, now if only you could convince all the other people to agree with you.
But as it stands they don't.
Majority of us and the money we have like bitcoin and not your Alts.
keeping on an exchange just to be safeTop kek
It's almost as if it's a free market or something.
Really made me think thoughts.Maybe you should fork bitcoin and try and sell your forked coins.
Let me know how that goes for you.
Yes.Is there really?
Universe is still expanding after all.
Our simulation overlords keep upgrading the memory storage.
I mean holding BTC right now is the smart thing to do.
I just don't believe it will make it in the long run and eventually something better will take its place
Unfortunately for you XRP is simply undesirable compared to BTCYeah except for the fact that financial institutions are using XRP, not BTC, and they kinda set the standard.
If you think you're gonna beat the banks that's your prerogative, but I wouldn't hold my breath.
Free market, you bet.
Did you kinda miss that whole thing the other day where BTC was nearly sent into chain death?
The "free market" almost killed your precious coin.
Expanding =/= creating more matter.
When you blow up a balloon are you increasing it's matter?
he supports too big to failGo suck Janet Yellens saggy tits you bootlicking faggot.
The "free market" almost killed your precious coin.LOL you actually believe the miners had the intention to kill bitcoin, by pumping BCH?
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH How naive... they were merely accumulating.
Weak handed fucks sold their BTC for BCH, which was heavily manipulated.
miners only dumped it for BTC profits.
The biggest whales only accumulate BTC.
BTC will keep going up, while your alts lag behind in comparison.
XDDDDDDDDDDD
Hate to break it to you, little boy: The banks always win.
You're paltry BTC isn't going to beat them.
You don't have the resources and never did.
They only switched back when BCH readjusted and BTC became more profitable again.
dipshit.
Tl;DR - you got lucky.
And just WAIT until this Tether shit unravels.
I will frolick in your pink wojacks because you're too fucking stupid to see the writing on the wall.
Oh did I miss something?
XRP has more liquidity then BTC?
Which financial institution of companies accept XRP over BTC?
Yeah I do think BTC can offer people an alternative to our current banking system.
Not replacement but a viable competitor.
If you're so blackpilled, commit suicide.
Anyone who doesn't see this wealth transfer and disablement of power eventually leading to actual conflict where blood is spilled isn't seeing the whole picture.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHA I am laughing SO FUCKING HARD at you nocoiner... how does it FEEL, to not have picked the right coin to invest on?
Stay mad, loser.
Maybe, I will buy your shitcoins from you with some of my BTC profits later.
Eat shit.
XD
*sigh* another hopeless maximalist.
You're right anon, BTC will reign forever.
Just like AltaVista still dominates all the internet search engines.Transfer of wealthTalk about delusion.
JP Morgan alone could crush Bitcoin 3 times over with it's market cap.
That's ONE bank.
There are thousands.
Not a nocoiner.
Thanks for playing.
he thinks trillions can just enter an illiquid marketTopkek.
Bcash fees are bigger than btc and eth right now because of the new retarded daa
illiquidAre you just throwing out random buzzwords in an attempt to sound smart?It's not working, FYI.
4466721You are actually one of the biggest fucking retards i've ever seen on this site.
Stop posting
Seconded.
Do you not know what liquidity is?
Do you not understand that bitcoin lacks it?
Do you not understand the effect liquidity has on volatility?
Do you not understand why bitcoin is volatile?
Are you completely fucking retarded?
Do you not understand that the big boys don't even HAVE to throw money in the market if they want to control it?One fucking phone call to the SEC under the guise of money laundering/patriot act/black market bullshit and this whole shitshow is OVER.
The central banks of every developed nation will follow suit and only "government approved" cryptos will be allowed.
Your precious BTC will be relegated to 3rd world shitholes.
The only retards here are people like YOU.
Those arguments have been made from day one and fall flat because they have no merit.
Illicit trade is done overwhelmingly in USD THROUGH BANKS.
Yes the banks are powerful, but they've long over played their hand.
Global seizure will lead to bloodshed.
No empire lasts forever.
BTC and good both have a limited supply And everyone just kind of agrees that hit of code is worth something Tomorrow everyone could be like, “you know what FUCK GOLD” and it would be worthless.
Same as anything.
Nothing is valuable.
Yes, there is also natural growth in BTC, but the recent run to 1k is all due to tether...>Yes, there is also natural growth in BTC, but the recent run to 3k is all due to tether...>Yes, there is also natural growth in BTC, but the recent run to 5k is all due to tether...>Yes, there is also natural growth in BTC, but the recent run to 8k is all due to tether...Coming up in the next episode of *Bagholder & Nocoiner Cope Unlimited*:>Yes, there is also natural growth in BTC, but the recent run to 10k is all due to tether...>No I don't evidence, but it is true>[inset altcoin] is going to flip I swear>it's called BITCOIN CASH not BEEECASH>why won't people listeeeeeeeeeen
I'm going all in.But not on coinbase.Can you give me the best exchange right now?Like the one with the best fees and security.I got recommended eToro and CDEX, what do you guys think?
eToro is shit and never heard of CDEX.Buy on kraken or coinbase and sent to a private wallet.If you want leverage send to bitmex.
top kek.
bcash fags are so desperate
I see, thank you.Do you have an advice for a place in order to cash out?