brahs.
i can get electricity for 0.05$/kw/h and have enough money to invest.is this profitable?
will tip for any good help srs.
include ur eth adress
BCH mining is more profitable
I steal my neighbours power.
Outdoor sockets FTW.
Soraja Vucelic pic for those interested
My friend lives in venezuela is has free power.
then again, he's living in venezuela so it isn't all roses....
wow let me get some sauce on this pic
I get it for ~0.05 as well.
Is it worth it biz!?!?!?!?
yes it's profitable, i'm doing it with 0.1€/kwh, what do you want to know?tip pls:0xCe89e15073b8fA2387e32d8419822E0F9904db96
use winminer.comit chooses what to mine, but you can also select it yourself.0x3995d7f93032e717ea7413ead6d7583262c1f3acTry also nicehash.com, but for me winminer has given me more profit
i'm a total non nerd.
can i mine?
i could set something up at work so the power would be free
kek I wonder how many people are doing this.
There has to be tons of computers setup in schools and businesses mining in the background using their power.Maybe a savvy network admin could find it?
how do I steasl power freom muy meighbor?
asking fo a friend
my dorm has explicitly forbid excessive use of electricity.
so apparently they have already encountered miners.
what can a simple setup net?
I live in the dorms so naturally my electricity is free.
Should I be mining shitcoins?
wow she looks so fucking good in this pic, and ONLY this pic WTF her face is fucked imo...
more like the savvy network admins are the ones doing it
make about $4 a day with all my different rigs (computer engineer but I'm also poor).
Use that money to slowly invest.
Only made about $200 off mining but my portfolio has just reached $1000 from that initial $200.So yes you should start fucking mining if you have free electricity
google says this is visually similar image lmao
I just want to pound her from behind
I know that whore in OP's pic.Pic related is her before plastic.
I'll post her current look after this one.
God damn.
................what can you do to improve your looks, neet anon?
4291100I like her from behind better.
4291100>She fell for the bee-stung lips meme.
Her latest media appearance.
These whores nowadays take thotdom to another level.
JUST STOP
Hello dear Anon,I have been mining since 2012.
On a small scale.
Elecrictiy that price is LIQUID FUKKIN GOLD.
Mine now.
MINE NOW YOU FOOL.Tell me how to contact you.
I am an oldfag and can talk shit about mining for hours as I have no friends IRL.
Invest in shitcoins instead, they can be very profitiable.
Good coordinated PnD group here if you want some easy gains, I've made a decent amount from it so far.
You can reliably make 30% a pump.
Just remember to sell at the peaks and hold for too long.https://discord.gg/u7kgySu
I'm not technically knowledgeable enough to build a rig and shit.
Would buying a gaming PC on sale on Black Friday and putting nicehash on it be totally dumb?My electricity is 6 cents per kwh.
And I spend several hours a day in my apartment's common area with free electricity (for a laptop).
anon.
please leave your telegram nickname in here.
i am online and will contact you asap.
Same, or your kik, or email, or discord.