I really like the idea of POWR but don't want to get JUST'd by pajeets.
What are my odds of this happening to me if i put $800 into it?
buy between 3200-3300 and wait for mondaynp
It's a long play, but this coin will be one of the ones that makes it out of the bubble.
zero, this is the one of the few legits projects to come out recently, just hold and wait for the monday moon
Considering that the CEO is the mayor of a large city in Australia the project is definitely legit and has resources to make it work.
Probably shouldn't buy until there is some evidence that Elon Musk will be investing in it and that the project is growing in australia.
imo the fact that it has less than 100mm market cap is criminal.
easily going to 500mm+ in the next yearbut please don't bank on some random anon's opinion, i'm sure you're smarter than that
bought 2890 POWR @ 3250sats just now and now it's fucking mooning.
GOD BLESS YOU ANON
Powr is one of the few projects inside the crypto world that will actually gain traction in the real world.
people of all ages and backgrounds will be looking into this without needing to know the first thing abhout the blockchainpowr is going to be huge, not just in profits for us bagholders but for the general electricity sector, in australia at least.
i have a lot of faith in this project and think it can achieve some pretty amazing things over the next few years.
good investment op
It probably won't have a single day MOONSHOT that the vast majority here pray for (unless major news about Elon Musk is true or PBC shills it) but this coin is one of the few out there that has an actual plan of use IN REAL LIFE and with a leadership team that has their shit together.
A buy and hold in my book.
As long as bitfinex does not pump bitcoin in the weekend.
Bro are you sure you know what the moon looks like?
I'm no expert but I can see it rising to $1 within a couple months.
Buy the dip now!!
was watching it blast off on the minute chart.
Probably shouldve waited a few more minutes to post that lol
I may be retarded but how can a coin like NEO be 40 and DASH be 300 but POWR only .25 cents??
What determines the actual price of the coin?
Can anyone explain pls
market cap, hype, rumors, alliances, progress in their road map, adoption.Also its a 1 month old coin and neo has like 2 years out
Thank you.
So potentially any coin could be worth like 40 at least regardless of what it does as long as it has hype and the marketcap, etc?
Yes hype matters.
These guys in pic related barged into Google and took some pics and scammed the world.