What are some new/obscure cryptocurrencies that no one on /biz/ talks about?Also /comfy/ thread.
A-anons if i hold tight to my LINKs will i get to fuck an elf girl like her?
I-i really want to fuck an elf girl like the ones in hentai.
NEM / XEM
Psshhh - B3.You didn't hear it from me
Someone mentioned ChainTrade and I checked it out.
I kinda want it to stay under the radar tho because it looks interesting and you can't buy any til next month
Bruh... check this out: XBC (bitcoin plus) Only 1 million will ever exist, so buying just one is equivalent to joining the "21 BTC club", Proof of stake, great development team, etc.
Probably not much will happen with this one for a while, but a year or so down the road if word gets out this coin could get very big very quick.
Chbt, former wbbBqx
BCPTUR NANLOL GOT U
Maybe
Oligarch is more of a coming soon coin but it's promising.
It was airdropped to some lucky anons here a little bit ago and now it's picking up a little bit of volume on ED.
The Dev is a cool dude who was spending 16 hours a day interacting with people on his discord for the coin.
There's only 33 million in existence and he plans to sell the ones that he didn't airdrop in his bounty campaign for a dollar each in the ICO.
The Dev didn't lock any of the coins so they're tradeable on ED already for much cheaper than the ask.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865-ETHI think it's a cool project really.
It's a privacy coin with machine learning elements to it.
I'm excited about it.
PHR, only on one obscure exchange, cryptopia next week
1337
I want to fuck Linkle (Female)
mobius networkTokens on sale 11/22.
It does the exact same thing as LINK, but runs on stellar/ethereum.
Lower fees and faster service.
IDK why /biz/ ignores this gem.
I think because they are terrified of it since it does everything LINK does but better.
This makes all the bag holding neets on /biz/ terrified and pretend mobius doesnt exist.
I wonder what /biz/ thinks of this one
It's vaporware and its oracles will never be advanced as LINK's.
Anon never talks about Blocknet except when it's mooning.But I think it's greatly undervalued at this point.
Hasn't grown much in a long time despite the DEX gui coming out in a couple months.
Also, the stake rewards are fucking nice.
I got something like .7% in the first week.If you can afford a node, you should get more than twice that per week.
Where the fuck can you get these passive returns from any other investment?
you're being scammed bruh, also https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IfF6WRunStGJ6fSVbUx8kvKf7CgOqJb0MWJ3pyHU5HE/edit?usp=sharingposted in the other thread
$39,000,000 Marketcap startingGeeze this will dump fast on the exchange
4478660what makes you say that?
Because Im serious about gettting in on this since I feel like it could be better than LINK
EONlooks solid, seems to be focused on safety.but it isnt even out yet been in development for like a year near if not two.you already missed the ico.the community and staff appear to be very activethe white paper also looks promising.be on the lookout if it lands in exchanges around Q1 2018..not even shilling, seeing as how its impossible to buy if you didnt buy ico.
Publica
yes but it will be a boy
Explain what makes it better than LINK.
Its marketcap is too high, a starting ICO should have 33million or lower starting.
39 million starting is where ICOs usually hit a wall at and rebound when they are listed.
Anyways I'm pretty sure this is going to dump and I can get cheaply
IPY
Intensecoin interests me.
But I'm a sucker for coins that focus on a product.
In this case, blockchain powered VPNs.
Simple Token.
Too lazy to give you free research rn.
tldr; Token issuance for consumer apps.
Buy Storj, it'll moon soon.
NEMI've wondered that, why is /biz/ so disinterested in it?
doriancoin.org
Here is a blast from the past that i near totally forgot even existed.Why it exploded today is anyones guess.
vrm and vrc2 coins 1 chain, PoW and PoST
Buy tethers on buttfinex good sirz