Pumping soon, small mcap, small suply, order book thin as air
We're all too busy buying dnt you fucking twit.
Buy this instead fag
I fucking bought yesterday at like 6k and now i'm gettinc ompletely JUST'd please for the love of good someone pump this before i take the 30% loss
just hold, they have a conference with WTC and Binance on Saturday
Dont be giving people this hidden gem so they can not spread ugly words let them hate All the way to the bank
New exchanges at the end of this month
Yeah, we just don't know which one, when Artem was asked about Bittrex he just said "We can't talk about this at the momment"
If people don't know about it how is the Saturday conference going to make a difference?Sure chinese investors interested in WTC will hear about it, but the rest of the world don't
Big bags are filled
has been the last few days, from time to time a few BTC green candle shows up
All in ARN.
Gonna make a killing once people wake up to this 5m mkt cap / 11m supply coin.
Trading at less than ico price.
This is spoonfed profits ppl.
Conference with WTC and Binance.
Game over
Only 10 btc to buy and price is going crazy
should i sell more request and link to go all in on this
https://twitter.com/MercatoxCom/status/932656555241213953?s=09
I dont know But this is the Same feeling I got with wtc
This is going to be huge If it adds a few exchanges its gonna be a crazy war
It will, just confirmed on telegram
Are you shilling or what?
If I just wanted to shill I would have gone to Twitter and not here
I mean, it's already on Binance.
The only exchange that would matter at the moment is bittrex.
I can't see polo or kraken adding.
But bittrex does love adding random shitcoins out of nowhere.
I hope so, because I am down quite a bit.
bittrex does love adding random shitcoins out of nowhereAt least they haven't listed confido lolCan't be sure about which exchange will be but small ones like Mercat0x today comes without an announcement, and he keeps saying about ONE more exchange, like if its one that really matters, so... fingers crossed
most likely some no volume exchange like kucoin.
well, even if it is, it has some volume, look at how many got justed with confido there
bump and out
If U hate the coin Just Go search a other coin I never gonna reply to a coin I dont invest in so If u dont like this coin Go buy Some confido plz
Looks like this will pump back up to 6700 stats.
Nice little wave pattern, good find OP.
Thanks.
they can barely speak englishhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOFE1KXLT-Y