I only have 5000 in LINK.Am I set for life /biz/?
You need more than that mate, although 5000 will definitely give you fuel for the rocket that makes it.
Bought 1.5 Link today.Will buy more after sucking some more sick Currently getting $30 for each blowjob.
Only few more dicks to suck.
If anyone is near New Haven CT and wants some head for cash HMU
I'll give you 500 LINK if you put the nearest implement in your vicinity up your rectum and post a photo with a time stamp.
You also have to be White.
do you guys actually hold link or just memeing for shits and giggles?, serious answers only please.
I have 100k LINK in my MEW and I'm dead fucking serious about it.
HOW MUCH MORE DO I NEED?
My portfolio:5000 NEO (holding since $8 so been generating GAS too)10 BTC40 ETH100K LINK
damn bro u are set
gib btc bich
k minimum to make it for life
Strong port
How sad must your life be to lie about your networth on a brazilian shoe making website
My goal right now is $100k to pay off debts and start a new life.
What do I need for that?
>pay off debtsYou're a bit behind mate, to make it you need to have at least a few million in the black.
If you just hold your 5000 LINK then you might make it in a 2 years, but not by next summer when the mainnet goes live and the moon happens
k here and I'm not even thinking about selling it before 2019/10bn$ MC - whatever happens first
k Link here, literally all i had
Holding 15k right now, I want to get at least to 50k.
Hopefully it will stay at this price for a little while longer.
k-50k depending on how fast you want it
nope, you and i are in the same boat budunless we start dumping some serious cash into link, we arent going to be set with our chump change
Fellow LINK'er, looking forward to 2018/19.
>only have 1500poorfag, hopefully Ill get more dips during the next 2-3 weeks
I strongly recommend you to build your whole portfolio on Link before mid-december 2017
I've been flipping a few k of link between ETH/LINK daily, each trade you can add 20-50 LINK depending on the margin.
10k is sitting in a wallet.At around 15k total now.
What's mid-december anon?
I have 200k LINK.
I'm not sure if even thats enough to be "set for life."
I'm just hoping it goes to $5 so i can make a million from it.
20-50 linkenjoy buying back in at a massively inflated price when it does leave for the moon completely wiping out these petty little gains
I started from 3k im now at 11.5k LINK just flipping like the anon you quoted.
The trick is simply not to go all in every time, take every gains you can get, send to wallet afterwards.
maybe it would wipe out your gains for the week but the shit i accumulated for the past months aint going anywhere.
I started this on sept when it got on binance btw.
some of us are poor anonlife is hard :(
dude, it's ony a question of whether the product will work as it is in the whitepaper, as soon as they get this magnificent device running flawlessly we are going straight to alpha centaurithere is nothing in between, you already are a millionaire it's just a matter of time, 1-2 years
4435541How do you do it?
Sell at daylie high and buy at daylie low?
EtherDelta or Binance?
Pls enlighten me.
I know deep down that it's possible.
But the FUD certainly gets to me sometimes.
I'm never going to sell obviously but still, it makes me nervous to think about.
The price on binance has the most predictable fluctuation ever.
Just watch the charts daily and you get used to it.Most of the price movements comes from bots and you can push the bots up and down towards the price you want buy throwing up buy / sell orders and cancelling immediately.
Have some ETH and some LINKBuy LINK when you think price is going to swing up, sell at peak - increase in ETHOr do opposite from the LINK perspective.Its easier to buy from the bottom since the bottom tends to be consistent than anticipate peaks, but even if your trade doesn't go through then as long as it is within the past day / few days averages on the longer charts you go to bed and 99.9% of the time the orders will have went through.Its really easy to flip LINK atm precisely because the bots manipulate the price so predictably.
but how much fee/gas costs have you accumulated by that?
does it compensate well?
thanks for elaborating btw
Binance fees are 0.1% per transaction, so for a buy / sell, or sell / buy combo, as long as the total difference in the trades is more than 0.2% then you are fine.It is really easy to get consistent 2-3% trades over and over, the only problem is that the volume isn't massive atm so you won't be banging out shitloads of trades an hour, but you can get in a decent amount per day.
Which is why most of my stack is in a wallet and non-trading.
I doubt the moon is going to hit anytime soon, definitely not 2017.I'm setting up a chainlink node tomorrow on a tower to run on the testnet.
This is a long term thing, the price has been bouncing between 15c for the past month.Like other anon said hereIf your LINK is sitting there doing noting, might as well flip it to increase stack without having to pump in more fiat.
In the mean time you can also ride other gains.
Morgan.
Stanley.
basically what he said but I play more conservatively, unless extremely predictable (which is to be fair, a lot of the time) I'm pretty content with 5-10 LINK gain per trade so lower sats diff when trading.
Also Binance fees are very low esp with their token so it allows me to play more conservatively
also kinda funny how i said i play it conservatively but i more than 3x my total stack.
i just want to point out that im pretty much on my laptop all fucking day.
from a 3rd world country which means i make around 4 times my minimum wage doing this (even at a very conservative rate as ive said) so while sometimes it's like watching paint dry im cool with this.
not like i stare at charts literally all day, just a quick peek here and there while the Binance tab is open to show me the price at a glance.
HOW MANY TOKENS DO YOU NEED TO REDUCE FEES?
t. 100k link holder
where do you guys think LINK will reach in 2 years?
5$?
20$?
50$?
Try $50,000

bn$ MC by 2019 is pretty realistic bet I guess
~10 cents in the coming weeks, 5 dollars by end of next year
Yeah shit is easy.
I usually use maybe 2000 - 3000 buy / sell orders so the trades are still liquid, and from flipping that on average I get about £5 per trade ($8.75).I only do a few trades a day when wageslaving, but still last week got maybe £30 per day ($40) for even that small stack.
Look at the order book - just flipped 2040 links at 49826 ETH sell for 2079 at 48830 buy back.Took 2 mins for 39 links, times that by 10x per day and any linkholder here can easily increase their stack ready for the moon mission.
yes friend link is an oracle to the solution problem.
buy link on binance thank you