Hello /biz/ again.Finally got a logo (I made sure to archive the last thread, everyone who suggested water drops as a design will be getting a nice airdrop in the future).This time I'm here to crowdsource memetics, in exchange for airdrops when the token launches on 1/1/2018.All submissions are eligible for a reward, but keep in mind that only the good ones will receive airdrops worth the effort.I'll share the ones I've made in my spare time taking breaks in between development and project organization.
source logo for memes
Thread theme - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoHFSx7nhVg
bump
What is liquidaeon and how can I use it to lose money?
It's a personal cryptocurrency project developed primarily as an experiment but grew into its own ecosystem.
The idea is that Liquidaeon is based on time, an additive element compared to debt or interest which is destructive.
Proof of confidence is my new token distribution model, and allows you to acquire tokens by staking/voting instead of purchasing.
The result is that that investors invest with opportunity itself instead of capital.
Can you elaborate?
How do you invest with opportunity?
And how do I stake if I don't have the token in the first place?
you 'stake' by sending your eth to a smart contract that lets you withdraw at any time if you have second thoughts (you dont receive tokens tho).
When the "initial confidence offering" ends you receive 100% of your ETH back alongside the tokens earned for voting your confidence
forgot my trip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5joTyy3CCo
That's breddi gool I guess.
When's the project goin to be ready n sheeit
token launches 1/1/2018
This is actually a really good idea.
If this model takes off it could keep Noseberg from trying to acquire my ether.
How do you profit as a developer?
since i'm willing to work for free (as it should be), I only profit if everyone else does, by delivering on utility and the intended functionality.
My share of the total supply is locked up in a smart contract that slowly releases tokens, to ensure that I don't just dump my supply as soon as it hits the market and also to align long-term incentive
Got a white paper or something?