remember me from last pump?its time again,TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!Oh that means get bch now ride the pump and then get out, we will reach probably a bit higher then last time.
When
get in now well actually would have been better to buy the dip but its still gonna be very profitable.
You will see when it happens just buy and hodl now
seems good Im in
>please buy my bags
Already holding.
Waiting now.
who would hold after that pump?
haha idiot i sold at 0.7 at coinexchange, 0. fucking 7bought the dip because look at thishttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsit goes up again.... just like last time, go figure
> mfw bitcoin moons to 100k but we maintain a .2 ratio in BCH so I moon equally
KYS you dumb jew
also we are going high but there will be NO flippening so dont listen when people come spamming /biz/ with uhhh mah flippening threads.
It will not exceed btc price it will only scratch it a bit
You never know when the pump is gonna end tho
Jesus...
I should start trading on Korean exchanges.
keep an eye on the order books its easy to see when pump stops
fuck your mother if u want fuck
go to your designated shitting street
Whoever uncovers BCash manipulation evidence will quickly become a millionaire by posting a BTC address.Billions of exploited folks' money is on the line.
Actually the pending transactions have been going down all day.
but they are going up now, at almost same amount then last pump, besides check bittrex order books 100% the gates are almost open
This is another post call: "Pls buy some of my dead coin"
Whoever uncovers BCash manipulation evidence will quickly become a millionaire by posting a BTC address.Billions of exploited folks' money is on the line.
Anybody notice now suddenly Binance is having major issues.
Issues with what
thanks just bought 100k
remember me from last pump?
Lol!!!
You guys know that?I found a cool coin group.They gave me the signal before the BCH, DASH coin rises.
(I've tripled my money)I am making enough money now and I am going to make more money in the future.I would like to share this opportunity with some of you who have seen my writing.The address is t.me/DvaPump.Take the opportunity of your life not to be twice again!
!