BTC needs another pump (or BCH dump) or otherwise hashing power goes to BCH.
You know they've been trading places for days, right?
doesnt matter, it happenned a lot in the last few days and literally NOTHING happenedthe flippening is over, I sold this shit and im never touching it again
BTC has been pumping constantly since the BCH DAA update.
BCH DAA has been adapting, hence the switching.
If things stabilize, or BCH gains on BTC, hashing power will move very quickly to BCH.
No clue what will happen, a little curious what will happen if BTC corrects later.
The market does not care about hash power.
The market does what the market does.
Switching to BCH makes less sense for miners now, even if it’s slightly more profitable, because BTC has proven that it won’t immediately fold to hash power leaving.
There’s no reason to FOMO switch anymore.Also look at that current goddamn BCH block rate.
hashing powerno one cares about that gay shit you subhuman pajeet.
mods please range ban india
does the market care if its ledger stops working altogether?
Death spiral won't happen
It works fine you fucking faggot.
Fees are moderate but especially high recently due to miner shenanigans.
The market realizes that offchain scaling will happen and is the way to go.
Unconfirmed transactions down to 61000 from over 100000 in 24 hours.
So unless bcash brings a better attack, we are all good.
4394226look at the relative split of difficulty rate and hash power.look at the daily earnings of the machines you're shredding fiat trying to buy from your enemy.understand that you've already lost.
Me too.
If you've got any brains you'll sell all of your bch and never touch it again.Listen, if we want crypto to grow, we need people to pour money into it.
And we're at a 200b marketcap, so pajeets buying 200 rupees worth doesn't do it anymore, we need big money.
Now, for big money to look our way, we need stability.
You know what doesn't spell stability?
A flippening.Can you imagine the following scenario?>Be me>Be productive, hardworking, wealthy member of society>Invest 1 million in bitcoin>Forget about it for a couple of months, too busy thrusting humanity forward>Eventually remember and go check my asset value>Find out bitcoin has been replaced by bitcoin cash, which has been replaced by bitcoin gold, which has been replaced by bitcoin bucks.
My bitcoin classic classic, as it is now known, is worth nothing
Then stop trying to compromise the entire purpose of the system with your bullshit.
It's not going to happen.
Stop trying to make it happen.
You simply don't understand who owns the systemEither allow Bitcoin to be what it was supposed to be, or you're going to be left with no stake in what it will become anyway, and the fork you do have stake in will be useless.
Do the miners really want to deal with the chaos of BTC being dethroned?
The thought of that pisses me off more than any ideology.
I am not a fan of either side, but there is too much infrastructure built around BTC.
Killing BTC will be very painful.
Do the miners really want to be relegated to having no skin in a game they invested billions in providing infrastructure for because they honestly believed in the promise of the project before it got cuckstreamed?Put themselves in your shoes, what do you think?
And it's not just the miners, it's everyone who believes in the original idea and not the subverted version that wallstreet is trying to push to suck all the normies into ubiquitous kyc hubs.We know what you're doing.
And yeah, we'd rather burn it to the ground than let you do it.
Just look at https://www.blocktrail.com/BTCBitcoin is doing fine, there's not going to be a "death spiral".
The removal of the EDA fixed the instability of both chains.Miners can't just mine BCH at the same low difficulty for a day before abandoning it again.The swings are getting much smaller and the hashpower of both chains (closely) follows their marketcaps (Bitcoin has a slight edge because nobody uses BCH for transactions, so there are less fees).
Ummm sweetie we’ve moved on from bcash now :)
death spiral is a completely different thing.Look at the relative difficulties.
You get that the hashpower is about equal split right?
So what do you take from the 80% difference in the difficulties?
What happens on large enough price action not favourable to BTC?
BCH is not going back to .5 or anything close.And even if it did, the BCH difficulty would adjust quickly enough to leave BTC with around 30% more hashing power than BCH.It didn't kill Bitcoin last time, and now the chances are even lower.
So no, there's not going to be any death spiral.
You get that the hashpower is about equal split right?U fucking w0t?
*60%
What graph are you looking at?
The rewards are about equal.
The hash power greatly favors BTC.
Right.
Then click the POW tab.
Fork.lol home page is showing rewards/difficulty not hashrate.
That's literally where the chart is from
https://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
https:// fork.lolhttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrateYikes.
Cashers really are retarded.
Your graph is 12 hour averages.
Check the front page for the current rates.
He deleted itHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I circled the goddamn 3 hour average you absolute retard
Update on the cloud, it's not looking so good bros. 2 and 3 hour candles are fine, it's crossed the cloud once w/ ~0.21ish being a good target sell price.
However, I have no idea how long this'll bleed so I'd recommend staying far away until a TK cross happens, we came sorta close yesterday to crossover on the 1 hr candles but there was no momentum, makes since considering btc was pumping.
You in denial anon?
offchain scaling is a win for the status quo.
fuck off boomer.
KEK.https://warosu.org/biz/thread/S4393503
All this mining talk is making me want to just start mining myself.I do not comprehend why anyone would switch at all for retarded profitability potential, in the long run having more BTC is all that matters, why would you mine anything but BTC.Profitability calculation only matter if you are some kind of retard that sells everything he mines as soon as possible instead of waiting for an ATH.
AHHHHHH MY LINK IS GONE.
YOU FUCKING BASTARD AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
you have to pay off your electricity bills.
Which is predictable as fuck.If you even put aside enough money to pay one year's worth of electricity, you're retarded.In fact, if you can't run any kind of business for one year ut of your pocket, you're retarded and deserve to become bankrupt.
you hand-to-mouth nigger
Then just buy btc.
It's cheaper to buy than to mine.
You also have to recover your equipment cost and be able to upgrade it as well.
4394736>The absolute state of cashies.>Brain filled with stress hormones.
>They're losing the ability to read charts.
Agreed on this.
I'm planning on mining that proof of time and space coin whenever it's out because it's different and theoretically it's not gonna be an electricity and general cost hog, but regular mining is a no go.
Just buy your BTC and alt coins and hope for the best
>meant to say DARI not hash rate.>goof'd.OK that's clearly a sign I should sleep.