Are you going to buy BCH this week due to this?
Or is it just an elaborate ruse?Personally, I think if Slush joins BCH on the 24th, it is becoming a self fulfilling prophecy.
Its already at 1200$ ... worth waiting for a dip?
old news
But is it true or not?I'm guarding my parents BTC investment so I'm pondering if I should exchange it for BCH if the madness arrives
Slush joins BCHWho the fuck is Slush?
The hardest part for me to believe about this would be Slush joining BCH.
Dutiful soldier for years without the slightest hint of objection, spouts all the corestream propaganda lines by rote and seems utterly unwilling to even consider the possibility that they're wrong.If he *does* move though, not only would that be a self fulfilling prophecy, but it would be an actual final death for BTC period, not even a 70 day difficulty adjustment period and 20% capacity but just no adjustment and zero capacity.
The end.
already priced in
I'm not getting any fiat till Wednesday then I'm going all in.
I hope this low ish price point holds until then.
We're going back to 2k+ mark my words.
WHO IS SLUSH?
You make this sound like a fuckin rock-n-roll band transfer "if they get Vinny to play the solo guitar they gonna rock maaaaaaaaaaan"The fuck!?
oldest bitcoin mining pool.
Oh.So you're saying Ver and Wu are trying to buy it?
Someone has to be in charge of that pool (it's a computer farm, correct?)
so if they get them to work BCH it will...what?Is it more of a PR move rather than hash power thing?
kys
Oh shit...
This would actually fit into place.
I run a business in the space and he has been actively chasing us for partnerships.
Maybe they're just looking to sell and then after that.. the obvious.
So BTC+BCH = $10k
>operation larping
If what is speculated happens, BTC will be dead.The value in fiat of BCH is anyone's guess.
If you believe the chorus of people who say that the market would take it as an invalidation of the core value proposition of cryptos, probably way down.
If you believe the chorus of people who say that it's the only actual way the core value proposition can be validated in anger, then yeah, 10k+ would be reasonable.
Seems legit, you should go all in on BCH.Thank me later.
operation bullshit
BTC will be deadThere's so much hype, news, money and infrastructure behind BTC, the mere idea of it "dying" makes me feel you're the pajeet in the street blocking my way with your pants on your ankles.That being said I would love some BCH PAMPING action, it's one of the cutest Satoshi Generating tokens out there.
BCH need trade pairs first to stay alive.
remember to buy after bitmex dumps
When?
/11, the dates are not random
no ideas about Ver and Wu, but I'm sure they involved BCH.If you check https://fork.lol/ you can see that BCH keep getting more and more mining profitability which attracts miners to mine BCH.right now miners still keeping BTC's mining diff SUPER HIGH.
Then in about 5 more days once BTC adjusts difficulty (btc adjusts every 2014 blocks), it will be super high and guess what?
miners switch to BCH and BOOM BTC dead spiral.
the end.
miners switch to BCH and BOOM BTC dead spiral.
the end.they switched to BCH many times before since August and no death spiral meme commenced.But if by saying "death spiral" you mean "3 days of BTC not rising and BCH doing 3x" - then I'd say you're right.
Hopefully at least.Need me some safe satoshi generating action.
This is akin to saying that because people were really excited about all the things that Chernobyl would do for the local community it couldn't possibly suffer a meltdown.Physics does not give a fuck about human preferences.
they switched to BCH many times before since August and no death spiral meme commenced.Because they always switched back.If the people who are speculating this happens are right, they won't.
If the people who are speculating this happens are right, they won't.LOL why woulnd't they switch?
Miners do it for the fucking money, not for principles.
BCH makes money, BTC makes money.
It's actually very simple desu.
That's exactly why they did previously switch, and exactly why they would not in the speculated attack.I am tired now of explaining this for the hundredth time so I am going to just give the super simple brief version;Prior to the present situation, miners were best compensated when they spent short amounts of time mining BCH punctuated by long amounts of time mining BTC.Hard fork Nov 13 changed this situation so that BCH maintains profit parity with BTC near constantly.Despite this fact miners are mostly altruistically mining BTC regardless.
It is speculated that this is to force an upward difficulty adjustment at the next interval for BTC.
At the same time this happens the attackers dump their holdings on the market, cratering the price of BTC and massively pumping the price of BCH.Since the profitability of BTC and BCH are based on the difficulty level relative to the price, BTC mining becomes so unprofitable relative to BCH that nobody does it, or best case scenario only the 20% who did on November 13.If 20% do it the difficulty adjustment period goes to 70 days and chain throughput is cut to 20% at the same time as fees balloon by 500%.If nobody does it, or so few miners that it's effectively a rounding error (let's call it 2% as that would imply a 700 day DAA on 2% capacity and 5000% fee levels), BTC ledger is permanently frozen.
This seems like the end game.
I'm scared.
I want to convert BTC to fiat tomorrow at the latest, but man, I'm going to feel like a damn fool if nothing happens.On the other hand...
I can think of no other reason why miners are still mining BTC at this moment.
Operation bagholder
You're delusional if you believe this shit.
LMFAO.Again...go in BCH to generate some free satoshis.3 months from now (when BTC knocks on 12K) you'll be hard pressed to even remember this larp.
LMAO.
4462707Slush has been very outspoken about being against 2X and a blocksize increase.
Why would he suddenly switch teams?Oh right, larpers.
I don't *know* it's going to happen, but my instinct says 75% it happens.
If they don't do it they invalidate the core reason for cryptocurrencies to begin with.
Despite my apprehension I've decided to go all in on it, as if I don't, why am I in crypto at all given I've believed in it for over seven years now?For those who want to just play it safe though probably best to just wait out the weekend in a non crypto asset.
We're at record highs so it's not like you're really shooting yourself in the foot that badly to take profits here.
If nothing happens and they're comfortable afterwards standing on a carpet miners could rip out from under them at any moment, at least they have the peace of mind knowing that when it made the most sense for miners to do the carpet ripping, they didn't.
Being in BTC for the weekend strikes me as being in a plywood shack soaked with gasoline in fire season during a thunderstorm wearing copper armour on a hill top yelling at the sky "all gods are bastards".