Realistic discussion about the amount of LINK needed to make it
0.5 links
Timeline is important.Make it by EOY next year?
20K By August of next year?
50K.2 Years from now?
10KAssuming making it is 1M
I just want enough to never work again comfortably.
Only got ~1K atm, need to scrape together some more
LINK circ supply 350METH circ supply approx 100MIf LINK were to reach ETHs marketcap now it would be worth about $85

I'm sorry but it won't moon hard enough to make you retire on 1K.
It will make you enough to get on the next moon mission though and really make it.
I cant wait until SWIFT shit actually starts happening and the NOLINKs all neck themselves
Realistically 1k for a wagecucks 1 year salary.
20k lambo and 50k+ you are a millionaire.
Screen cap this niggers
I would say 50k, and we will end up with $5-10 price within 6 mo's.
That gives you $250-$500k.
With that money make your final pie chart and hold long for crypto going mainstream.
End up with $10-$50 mill mill.
I hope another opportunity as promising as Link comes along.
If this is a pretty set boat, I wanna pump a fuck ton more into it.
1 ChainLink is 0.1935 dollars at $67,739,700 market cap with 350,000,000 circulating supplyLet's bump up the market cap 16 TIMES67,739,700 * 16 = 1,052,856,000So if the market cap went up 16 times, you would gain alot right?Now the ChainLink team releases the rest of the tokens into partners and into the wild, which is 650,000,000 extra tokens, total 1 BILLION TOKENS.
What is 1,052,856,000 divided by 1,000,000,000?
1.05!!!!!!!!
!That means 1 ChainLink would be worth 1.05 DOLLARSThat is not even 10x of your investmentkekkekkekekeke
I can't into basic math
Here's an instructional guide on what to do with your LINK holdings.
Screencapped.
Accurate af
big if true
prove it wrong bitch
ok linkers i have tried to read about it but couldnt find anything usefullwhat PURPOSE does he chainlink token serve it is not needed the network as far as i have readfor me it looks just like shares of a company idk
The maximum that will be released in the next 2 years is 350 million extra LINK for oracle operators and those will be released slowly over time.
Even if we assume 650,000,000 circulating supply, at $10 per LINK we would be at $6.5 billion market cap, which is fucking nothing for a project like this when a fucking NEO whose entire purpose is "we ethereum but for china" almost reached that if we assume the full supply.
Ripple with 1/3 their supply is over 8 billion and that's a centralized shitcoin.
Now the ChainLink team releases the rest of the tokens into partners and into the wild, which is 650,000,000 extra tokens, total 1 BILLION TOKENS.
What is 1,052,856,000 divided by 1,000,000,000?
1.05!!!!!!!!
!>That means 1 ChainLink would be worth 1.05 DOLLARS>That is not even 10x of your investmentOk so 1 billion tokens / 350 mill = 2.85xWhen tokens are released into the cirulation we add them into the total market cap meaning thatwe multiply 2.85 with this marketcap - 1,052,856,000 x 2.85 = $3,000,639,600Marketcap / number of tokens - $3,000,639,600 / 1,000,000,000 = $3,0006396 per tokenHave you even finished elementary school?
stop posting this you retardif we reach a stage where those coins make it into circulation the marketcap of LINK will be much more than $1bn

You're right but that's not the point here.The point is that fudders can't do basic math.
Is this pasta?
It sounds like it.
I have a pajeet-shilled shitcoin, it just dumped on me (Shit I have NO CASH)
I'm poorfag with 10keveryday I look at price and my head hurtsI went all in into one coin because of the potential this had and I feel the worst seeing how literal shitcoins doing better than ChainlinkThis shit ain't logical, it should be at least $1 by now
who needs math when you got link
If you own LINK you will NEVER make it
 billion coins million in circulation million owned by developer ready to dump>raised over 100 million dollars for "development", has no developers>no blockchain>no company>github has 1 pajeet who stopped sending commits in June>fake SWIFT "partnership"
I can't wait for this to pull a DGB so these deluded faggots can stop talking about it
so no of you linkers can answer me this ?chainlink token is useless confirmed
if this is True i will dump this trash bag.
just bought in because of the shills
Read the white paper, idiot
Of course it's not true.
Go check their github and see how recently it was updated
Google it big boy
Get 99k more and you’ll be good to go.
Read the whitepaper before asking asking questions about any coin Rajeesh.
Its only available in English so you may find it tough to read.
read the whitepaper memeim on their website for 15 minutes and i cant find anything that would resemle a whitepaper all i see is some pajeet github and a faqall the website says is what they WANT to do but not how they do it they dont even say why you would need the tokenthe delusion you links have reached is insane
https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/commits/master there you go, 25 commits since July, from the mentioned pajeet.
in a medium sized dev team thats a day, maybe two
resemlePoo in the loo
the absolute state of /biz/everyone that disagrees or is critital is a rajesh or pajeetgo suck the dick of rory maybe he will give you some info soon instead of leaving you all in the dark
So what are you holding?
Shill me on your coins.
I want to know.
the delusion you links have reached is insanequote " the delusion you links have reached is insane" then get the fuck out if you are to dumb to understand it.
Go whine somewhere else
The absolute state of /biz/, people asking a question than getting pointed in the direction of where they can find the answer but, refusing to take time to read the information and resorting to crying.
How in any way will it pull a DGB?
It is completely different to DGB.
I can't wait until it pulls an ether so you can suck my crypto cock until it hits JUST the right spot.
It’s obvious you failed at trying to understand, sorry brainlet
Its explained in the whitepaper.
Discussing a coin with people who can't invest 5-10 minutes to read a whitepaper is a waste of time.
It will make you enough to get on the next moon mission though and really make it.you make it sound like it's easy to identify moon missions.
and nobody's gonna risk a big amount of money
43645894364757t.
pajeet
I have tried to read about it>But not from the Whitepaper, I'm too adhd for thatIt's all there.
Was he ok?
this.it will be long before LINK moons hard enough to make you retire.
I hold link btw
This gave me hope and an massive raise in spirits.
like LINK the horse died slowly after being hyped a lot!
Lieutenant Colonel reporting in.
Alright you clowns.
No lie and no FUD.I HAVE SERIOUS MONEY ON LINK.When will we hit:> $200 per LINK?> $300 per LINK?If I hold for 5 years will I see these numbers?
And make it holding 50K LINK?!
If you're looking to hold 1m$ worth of link you should buy 2m$ worth of link and hold until next thursday...
WHAT??
/thread
long story short:WHEN WE MAKE IT FROM LINK YOU CAN TELL EVERYBODY.YEAH YOU CAN TELL EVERYBODY.GO AHEAD AND TELL EVERYBODY:I'M THE MAN I'M THE MAN I'M THE MAN.
This!
$200 in 3 years$300 in 4 years
And what gives you such hope Marine?
Who knows.
Markets are irrational.
All I can say with a relatively high degree of certainty is that the price will go up.
Anyone who tells you different is talking out of their ass.
Just look at the need for an oracle that can work on the big 3 block chains; BTC, ETH and Hyper Ledger.The SWIFT leak.The conferences and how stoic the devs are.This is going the way of Ethereum.
You will retire if you hold until 2021.
Almost like something you can feel in you bones?
Well fine then.
I just bought 1ETH worth of LINK just in case!I dont really want the same thing that happened to me a few years with BTC to happen again!
It's not useless, the entire oracle network operates based on LINK tokens, which equate to trust and security.
Yes, you can launch a node/oracle or whatever without using LINK, but it is untrustworthy.
basically no one but scammers will not use LINK.
There's also many ways to come up with a value for a coin, it's function being the biggest revolution in crypto by solving the oracle issue is a start.
I suggest reading now about it to understand and realize how massive an impact this will have.
Precisely
Will I make it?
But I'm looking to be a MULTI millionaire after taxes
Gotta Agree - Looking to be a Multi-millionaire.BONER INTENSIFIES
it's not a matter of "hope"it's a matter of intelligence and vision.
we smart people understand what a network of decentralized oracles means for the future of not only crypto, but the entire fucking human race.
this is fucking huge.
it is no lie potentially bigger than bitcoin.
frankly the majority of this forum is just too unintelligent to get it.that said, there is risk.
the risk is that somebody ELSE makes this system first.
but i'm betting on chainlink.
they have the biggest head start by far.
Are you fucking stupid?
Last update was 5 days agohttps://github.com/smartcontractkit
 Yeah I reckon 35K-40K will pay off handsomely in a few years.If you;ve reached 50K do what you will, dont bother going all in, the oppurtunity cost is high as it has deplorable moonshots.
You can make better gains off other coins for the next 4 - 6 months
The man is right
Praying for advice is better than Sorcery anon-chan.
T A L K S C ON F I R M EDHoly shit, so when the network goes live all those corporations interested in LINK will finally announce their partnership.
partnershipsHoly shitHe said the magic wordHoly shit
If my man, if.
Things and life do happen.
Not fudding, just be aware.
Yes.
It is looking like summer 2018 is when we will be rich.
Hopefully the price stays low for a bit so we have longer to accumulate.
4367877I saw this on gitter, it seems they are only reimplementing the network and not creating it from scratch.
No wonder Rory said they are pushing for it to go live earlier this 2018.https://gitter.im/smartcontractkit-chainlink/Lobby
Wow this thread is giving me a huge boner.
Let's not repost this stuff, let it die here ssshhhhhhh
is summer 2018 when the network goes live?
I'm hoping it can be as soon as spring.
Will give /biz/ plenty of time still to accumulate.
Steve also said that once an initial reimplemented piece is out, they will be releasing a roadmap.
Anyway just read the picture i posted for more details.
lmao I just took off the rest of my sell orders and bought back in haha.
SOld higher than th ebuy in so no biz buy high sell low
Its all coming together Lads!
Seriously, this is HUGE.
They are just reimplementing the network and it might go live earlier this 2018.
Just like what Rory said they are pushing for.
SSSHHHHHHH!!!
This.
LINK is the comfiest hold of all time.
You know it will go to fucking pluto, the only question is how soon.
It has been confirmed they are rewriting the core in Go language in private repos.They will be released to the public later on.
They will also be releasing a development road map as soon as they reimplement an initial piece.
That could be as early as EOY 2017.
Kek, no news till 2019 my ass.
They just didnt think crypto in general would get a hardon for roadmap releases which is pretty pathetic.
Yep things are happening, slowly but surely.It's just hard to come by this information if you're not in slack all the time.
God I love this experiance.How is everyone gonna invest, and spend your millions?
If you want to be holding $1 million USD by the end of year next year, then start by buying $3 million USD of LINK todaypic very related
I only have 5k link cause I'm a poor thirdworlder, but if it reaches a decent price I'm gonna cash out 30% to live off of and reinvest, and let the remaining 70% mature and maybe grow in price a bit more.My ultimate goal in life is to just sit at home playing WoW while my money works for me.
hurr durr good one bro.
Literally shitting on LINK for tanking during the fork mess when almost every altcoin tanked.
You'll seriously neck yourself in a year buddy.
cant hold link because its not on bittrex
freedom or not at all - unless the cash out lets me dump it into normie investments that generate enough cash flow to live comfortably off of indefinitely, I won't do it
You're going to make a lot of rupees, Sanjay, don't worry.
be the great cubic hope of /biz/>only once EVER even x2Gonna need a nuke to get that fucker to ever lift more than an ass penny
To make it with link you need to create an ICO and sell a bunch of idiots 32mil worth.
Quick, post toilet meymeys   are posting information which might drive the price upREEEE
Oy Vey!
4368672OK just bought up additional 9500, got 50k LINK now strap me in>mfw high and drunk af>hope i wont regret it tomorrow
Just open a binance account and stop being a faggot.
4368786Kek, the linkies that sold their stack waiting to buy back in late 2018 are going to be curbstompped without this information.
And most alts have recovered and even pumped higher than they were before the fork drama Link still UNDER TWENTY CENTS
The ultimate guide is here!
That "information" is literally worthless stop trying to dump your bags
Yeah whatever buddy, keep using your charts for a coin thats only been tradeable for 1.5 months.
Faggots like you probably bought moon missions like Antshares at 11 and sold at 3 during the July dip.
Just dont buy then.
Is that the only response you can muster up bro?
"huur ur shit fagget shut up nao"?Top kek.
You're losing money by holding link.
Deal with it you delusional fuck.
Information that they are only reimplementing the product and not building from scratch>Information that they are pushing to go live early 2018>Information that they are releasing a development roadmap as soon as an initial piece is reimplementedYou fuckers have such a hard-on for other crypto releasing development roadmap updates but not LINK kek.
You're just pissed because it destroys the FUD that LINK wont be operational until 2 years and that it wont have any news till then at all.Strap in faggot.
Initial piece means the development roadmap could be released as early as Q4 2017.
Proud cuck here,
tfw toiletAlmost a cocksucker tho!
Also seeing there's apparently smart people in this thread... pls tell me if I will ever make it.
This is what I got:6k REQ57 WTC1350 LINK60 ARK933€ / 0.1624 BTCp-pls respond, I need advise.
switch all that WTC to Link and you have a solid portfolio.
Don't you think WTC will go a little higher before LINK starts its moon mission.
which should happen next year?Big news are coming before EOY for WTC right?
or so I read...
I did a crapload of reading last night and I just wanted you to all know this is a sure fire moon mission if it gets implemented.However there is fuck all about how well the project is actually going.
From memory SWIFT has been doing testing in their own network with it but no information on how its going.
It is a pretty goddam speculative bet but it is a good one
Swift if setting up a fraud detection service Summer 2018.
The original release date for the network was Q2 2018.
One of the touted uses of Chainlink was fraud detection.
Noice.
Yeah I read about swift and my god companies dont get much bigger than them.Loads of news about implementing new technology solutions for security and finacial services very impressive stuff
Holy shit is that why rory said they are pushing for the network to go live earlier this 2018?
43695104369529>mfw still waiting for my FIAT deposit on bitstamp
Trust me you are safe for weeks.
I'm pretty confident it won't go anywhere until December at the earliest.
Plenty of time to accumulate more.
Also>mfw link will moon and then property market will be in downturn
Should I dump my 7k Link to buy POWR and later buy more Link?
If ChainLink is blockchain middleware/oracle, what exactly is the point of the ChainLink token?
Pay the node operators that run the network.
They won't do it for free lol
before LINK starts its moon mission.
which should happen next year?nobody knows when LINK will start its moon mission
Link pump n dump is over, only dumb money buying now
thx for the opinion, street shitter
If you unironically use bittrex you are a hyper faggotBinance + poloniex gives you a much more vast and superior reach on altcoins
>LINKWho's behind this thread?
Dont I need to give up a ton of information for poloniex?
I believe all I have on bittrex is my home address
Lmao what?
You dont need to give any info on any exchange as far as i remember
Link is old news won't moon until late 2018... BUY $REQ
tfw you could just pay node operators in BTC or ETH because LINK has no intrinsic purpose to run the network
who the hell is even selling link.
Like i just dont get it.
Between all of us at biz do we not own at least 10-20 million of these shit.
I have 45k myself
yes buy high sell low
same
I believe we will [find out]
WTC is a chinkfag scam coin
you have to give your balls to GDAX/Coinbase to deposit from bank
greetings, friend, we will make it, don't worry