What is the block chain solution to the immediate hunger crisis in Somalia?https://ahtribune.com/world/africa/1999-death-in-somalia.html
the block chain solutionno different than the fiat solution: who gives a fuck, starve and stop making more babies to starve.
The removal of Islam will help Somalia more than crypto
You can use bitcoin to purchase a one way ticket out of there I suppose as well as move your currency out of the country.
A chain which gives good discounts to eat at restaurants but the money from the ICO goes to feeding the homeless.
Restaurants have incentive to do it because they can accept the coin which gives it value because its backed by peoples lives, literally.
Bitbeans> sprout for money> give money to SomaliaDo this for a couple of months, and it becomes a self-sustaining country
Only eugenics can fix that anon, or genocide.
Somalia's problem is its geographical location and lack of resources.
Thanks to climate change there will be more Somalias in the future.
Just look at Syria Syria, another country that is facing civil war and violence due to water shortages.
Either you have an important resource or you have any other reason why economies would want to trade with you, or you will have a problem.
Somalia has nothing.
Just many starving people I'm afraid.
Does this even work?
Do this for a couple of months, and it becomes a self-sustaining countryuntil white supremacists show up and start FUDing it, trying to crash it's market.
Some people just hate seeing others having anything at all.
The solution is to invest in IOTA, to promote immigration to america and europe.
The only way to help the rest of the world, is to first reduce the influence of the source of the problem: white supremacy.
We welcome the eastern immigrants, so they may breed a new generation which will lead humanity into a new golden age.
May a united humanity prosper, without the threat of the axis of evil.
Save the Children is a charity that accepts Bitcoinhttp://www.savethechildren.org/site/c.8rKLIXMGIpI4E/b.6151527/k.CBE4/Other_Ways_to_Help.htm88.14 (3/4 star rating) from CharityNavigator.comhttps://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&orgid=4438I usually only donate to 4/4 stars but kids hungry feelsbadman
 1488Good idea anon.
This is why I only hook up with fat white chicks.
I am all for white genocide.
why isn't there a SJW coin?
as in virtue signaling coin that will go to organisations like red cross etc to help poor starving nigglets.
Because there's no money in virtue signalling, see: Ghostbusters remake
pic related is the only solution
charity is now virtue signalingA practice as old as christianity is suddenly turned into a buzzword by some alt-right faggot that spends too much time on the internet
4391344You get them to stop reproducing.
All it takes is a tiny bit o Jewry
I don't think white women feel "genocided", when the massive BBC cums deep inside their uterus.
it is a blessing, to generate new life.
a breath of fresh air, so to speak.
a new hope for the future of this globalized world.
Yup.
believing an organisation that takes 80% of donations to be charitythere's better ways to give
Direct Relied also accepts bitcoin https://www.directrelief.org/ways-to-give/100.00 (4/4) rating on CharityNavigator.comhttps://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&orgid=3626
When you are not occupied with more civil activity like education, employment, eating, or drinking.
Procreation is like the only activity left for them to do.Thats why more developed countries have declining birth rate while these niggers have insane population boom.
You know why China is building up Africa?
To create another gigantic market to sell their shit to.
Helping Africa can make more people rich than ever before.
The block-chain can't really help the situation.
The issue is that goods (food, medicine and water), can't reach the people, Somalia is currently a "libertarian-paradise", meaning that the state doesn't have a monopoly on violence.
Insteads various war lords are in control.
If you transport food by truck, into the areas where there is hunger, you will eventually come across numerous "check-points" where the war-lords will confiscate your goods.A second issue is that because it is virtually gang-controlled territories, there is a very real risk when entering these territories.
There is litterally no law and order in these areas, there are no humanitarian organisations that operate in these areas, because if they send people to work there - a large fraction of them would die.
Thanks to climate change there will be more Somalias in the futureNo, the population boom is caused by a decline in child mortality rates, more children survive to procreate themselves - because of medicine and food-subsidize by foreign government.
Letting them die.
Eliminating the somalians should do wonders for the productivity of somalia, once repopulated by humans.
Damn Anon I really had no idea of the situation there.
You seem pretty well versed in what’s going.
What steps do you think need to be taken before we can send humanitarian aid?
Hitler is watching you.
That makes no sense, China primarily produce to the middle-class.
There is litterally +500 milliion people in China living near and around the poverty level - why not spend their money developing their home-market, instead of trying to boost up a middle-class in Africa?China only interest in Africa is the natural ressources.
They hardly employee Africans, they import massive amount of Chinese people as the Labour, then bribe a few corrupt politician in the government, to gain the right to the natural ressources.The various government in Africa, is litterally selling out, their most precious possession (which is not their innovative and hard-working population) their natural ressources - for fucking peanuts and a lambo to two or three people in the state.
I live in a rich neighbourhood.
And almost every other day some asshole rings my doorbell around dinner time to sell me some bullshit project to aid Sudan, Somalia, Ghana, whatever.There is an whole army of beggars all begging for Africa.
Instead of begging they could make their own money and shit it down the drain towards Africa.
Drones and air-drop would be my best guess, Litterally find out where the people are in need with drones, and then make some supply air-drops.
Don't know if it would make a target out of the civilians..The reason why i don't think this is being done in the first place, is that it is to a large extend humanitarian organisation that provide immediate aid.
Foreign aid by western governments are primarily centered around building up the countries.
The humanitarian organisations, can't really do air-drops or drone, they don't have that capacity.
It would be a sort of military organisation - and there is some resistance in government toward spending to much money with a solely here-and-now purpose, which do not attempt to solve any of the underlying problems.
There's already too many niggers, 20.000 dead each day are still too few.
These niggers reproduce too fast, they are a burden to the world as a whole.
4391412somalia has 3% population growth every year so how can their be a hunger crisis?
Blockchain solution to African hunger crisis:- encourage people to move their assets to cryptocurrencies- western states can't steal from their citizens anymore to send aid to Africa- violence erupts- hundreds of millions are culled- natural equilibrium point is reached- no more hunger
could we tokenize napalm?
I think that would sort it out diddly duddly fast.
Maybe decentralized nanorobots will swarm drug lords and incapacitate weaponary.How far are we from that day?
only way to fix this is to offer a certain amount of coins to people for getting sterilised.
This is the only solution for Africa.
Over population is the biggest issue facing the continent.
Fasting growing population in the world by far.
The only realistic solution is genocide.
Wherever niggers move they take and take and contribute absolutely nothing.
They're too unintelligent to see what a burden they are on the world and too selfcentered to ever even care.
Everyone can be a net-positive to the world.
The reason why black people often come up as a burden, is due to the environment they are in.
Indian children that sew shoes for pennies an hour, they contribute to the world.
An African child which people across the globe has to send money to be fed, and go to school (which is futile because median African is borderline retarded), are a net negative.
You could easily imagine a world, where Africans would contribute to a better world - or any other group for that matter.
For instance by allowing child-labor, abolish all sorts of minimum wage or lowering the "gibs".
Obviously this is a bit extreme, but i think it is valid way to think of the world - that every human can be a contributor to the world, under the right circumstances.
Fuck this pic makes me cry.I'm fucking terrible at 4channing
Don't forget to include people like  in the list of parasites to target by your desintegrating nanoswarm.
>"Africa should be an agricultural powerhouse.
Instead, it imports $40bn worth of food"Africa will never be successful, or even self-sustaining so long as Africans make up the population.
The situation is most severe in Somalia, the nation with the world's lowest average IQ (not hyperbole, look it up).
Where average Africans* live, and amass, civilization is pulled down into primitivism and chaos.
I'm not a /pol/tard and I get no pleasure from acknowledging this.
In fact I find it tragic and deeply worrisome for the future of the larger human species.
*There are extraordinary Africans.
They are a lot like average white people or Asians.
Sadly, there are too few of them to raise the living condition of Africans in a meaningful way.
I think the problem is slightly different.
Africans have a culture that does not respect ownership.
If you try to build something up, then your business with be destroyed by an angry customer, your crops will be stolen by a hungry nigger, a local gang will extort you, your "family" demands you feed them for free.
And then you also have areas where your employees stay home for a month after receiving their bonus until they need money again.Short term thinking correlates with Africans their low IQ.
And a society with low IQ people creates a culture with of short term thinking.
But you can actually introduce a long term thinking culture to low IQ people, as is shown in many successful black regions.
So it's not entirely hopeless.
Nurture just needs to win out on nature.
Democracy is incompatible with the gene-pool in Africa.Every sub-Saharan African nation should embrace a technocratic rule.
4393614Yes, beyond the obvious and well-documented problem of IQ distribution among Africans as compared to the rest of the world, there is an even greater and more destructive issue -- a profound lack of emotional intelligence in the African people, and a low-functioning moral compass.
Working in cooperation is a highly adaptive trait that guaranteed survival and progress among the peoples of non-African nations.
Africans are a non-cooperative people with a mercenary, self-interested mindset.
There are many different ways of observing and documenting this, but a kind of simple case study for this is the proclivity among African/black people to throw their rubbish everywhere -- a simple impulse and gesture that worsens the condition of their own community while saving the individual from the minuscule amount of effort and work required to throw the trash away properly.
Repeat these gestures over and over and in myriad ways and you have chaos, blight, and despair on a grand scale.
Bleeding heart numales will reallocate part of their disposable assets to these countries.
Magnifying the problem in the process.Pottery, if you ask me.
A lot of the tribal-communities are quite civilized, the lack of emotional intelligence is made up for in a very hierarchical society, with corporal punishment.
There is a pecking-order where the elders, older family members and other members of the community physical punish each other in a trickle-down effect for any immoral behavior.
Its a sort of social-control, feudalistic in some sense, but it creates a peaceful society.
The issue arise when they exit these tribal-communities, when they move to larger cities for work, and there no longer is these direct-consequences for immoral behavior.
Yeah that whole continent is a big fat MESS.
Niggers are the worst and we have to keep these animals away from the superior white mans civilization.
Somalia is a libertarian paradiseSomalia is socialist though
It's a crass comparison, but yes the tribal societies are a bit like packs of dogs.
A clear hierarchy exists; step out of line and get bitten in the face; or worse yet, exiled, meaning death.
Simple.
When these people enter the high-trust, high-freedom societies of non-Africans, they disproportionately become grifters and petty criminals, transgressing until they are removed.
If Somalia is socialist so is the entire world
dem peaceful dindus dindu nuffin dey chop the fingers off da theefs dat make dem good peepoholy fuck you are pathetic
I don't care if a million died a day.
None of them should be allowed in our countries.
conduct mass screenings of all indigenous somalians>select top 10% by attributes including but not limited to intelligence quotient & genetic health>sterilize remaining 90%Problem will solve itself in ten years.
Foodchain: The decentralized edible blockchain.
t. broke virgin neet on a malaysian snorkeling meetup thinks he knows better than the most competent government on earth
Move all Africans to Europe.Move all Europeans to Africa.
just kill them all
Everyone would get what he wants.
And Africa would instantly be saved and cured of hunger.
Give them condoms
What government on earth says that Chinese mining operations in Africa, is to build up a consumer market?
Seriously, why do you believe that anything i said in that post, runs counter to the perception that of high ranking government officials have regarding the Chinese investment in Africa.
Pretty much desu unironically.
Most nations are fairly socialist.
Asks how technology can solve an issue of people living in the most fruitful, lush and thriving ecosystem of a country in this world yet still die from hunger>Asks about technology>Asks dumb question
Carpetbombing Africa with nukes would solve a lot of problems.
Black people just cant manage anything.
Everywhere where there is lots of black people things turn to shit.
Sad but true.
niggers cant farm
How many kids can we buy with a BTC?
like 10 maybe?
with that we might bring them home, give them food in exchange of their services ie.
slavery because we save them from death, it's fair I would say and I need cheap housekeeper and cotton picker and maybe some jabba the hutt tier dancer and pussy
BUY HUNGER COIN SAVE THE CHILLINS
Yep cut them off from foreign aide and the problem fixes itself.
Althought changing their culture and increasing their quality of life so they stop reproducing like roaches is exactly what should be done, our retarded SJW snowflakes think teaching those retards how to do things so they can self-sustain is "colozination" and "literally worse than hitler".
So yeah, good luck with that.
If you don't own at least 100k of Somalia coin you get your balls cut off
bitcoinby the time all the confirmations are done, you will have starved to death.
Auditing of government and ngo funds to prevent corruption will mean situations like this are less likely to arise in the first place