Cash out for the weekend.
Already did.
Made 0.02 btc.
Could've made 0.06.
hold until btc drops and corrects
btc dips every weekend cash rises on weekends if ever
not falling for your memes again.I'm staying in BTC and I won't be manipulatedfuck you shitcoin
This, it's that fucking easy yet /biz/ is overthinking it and going as dumb as calling it a chinkcoin scam.
calling it a chinkcoin scamisnt it though?
yep it totally isbuy ONLY if you want to lose money
in 2-4 hours from now it will be a perfect time to trade that pair.
Why sell now, it's literally just getting started?I'm gonna spend my weekend bathing in corecuck tears.Feel free to FOMO at $2500 again brainlet.
Seems to be gaining volume right now!
does it only look like its increasing because BTC is losing value?
You guys are so cute.
Ha you weren't calling us cute last saturday when you were having an existential crisis and crying for mommy to save your lethargic, high fee monstrosity.
or 250$It is sad and ugly that you bought ATH on BCH, but move on dude.
He is not the one to make you rich there are plenty of actually useful coins outhere
Don't go in yet, 30 million in Tether was just sent to Bitfinex wallet.
BTC will break 8k and then go into BCH.
yes oyu fog that tether is meant for bch weekend salary
Omnichest won't load for me, is this recent?
how can i buy muh coffee with cryptolol retard
there are plenty of actually useful coins outhereI agree, and BTC isn't one of them.I didn't buy BCH at ATH and I don't believe in it long term.
I simply see it as the silver bullet to finally kill bitcoin and let another worthier coin take it's place.
I'll ride it until it reaches parity with BTC and then put the profits in ETH or XMR.
More like>how can I not pay a $9 transaction fee on a 20$ transactionThey're both shitcoins, BCH just happens to be the slightly less shitcoin, And that will be enough.
wallstreet is about to pump btc to the moon but im gonna short it cuz muh coffee feez
BTC is one of them?
Are you insane?
It is the coin with greatest credibility and the money drawer to the crypto.
If BTC were to fail you can kiss goodbye to new cash coming as crypto would be persived as a ponzi, especially with media coverage and governments having excuse to regulate and ban crypto freely so the bitcoin fall doesn't happen again and people lose billionsJust people these days...
Your shortsightness is insane, I can't believe that you can be this deluded to even think anything opposite could happen
wallstreet is about to pump btc to the moon but im gonna short it cuz muh coffee feezYeah, wallstreet is being nice and telling you what they're going to do out of the gooness of their hearts.
They're lying to you you fool, and you're falling for it.
everything that wallstreet touches gets pumped to the moon>it will be different this timelolololololol retard
haha wallstreet aren't going to pump shit once they realize a single night of pumping BCH was enough to wipe 30% off the value of BTC and utterly cripple the network to the point that it's almost unusable.
And it's going to happen again, soon.Oh fuck off with your apocalyptic bullshit, we might enter a bear market for a while, so what.
BTC needs to die.
Anyway in the event that it does, ETH will almost certainly take it's place immediately.You guys need to understand that being the first at something doesn't guarantee eternal success.
Look at any industry for proof.
BTC has had a monopoly on the crypto market for a long time because it was "the first" but it is undeniably inferior to many of it's rivals and that will eventually kill it.
BCH going to 2k again it seems
Its not just inferior, its broken.
buy BCH now or die poorBTC will be obsolete soon
Lol, you fell for a pedophile and ETH?
Thank god that people with actual money (market makers) are not shortsighted and inteligent as you are
McDonalds was the first fast food resturant in 1954... did pretty well.
BTC is also doing pretty well...
It is a ponzi.
BTC value increases by bringing new people in, its valued is not tied to economic outputs of businesses since businesses can't use it due to the wait times and fees.
truly... Short sighted lunacy by a moron
pedophileWhat's your point?
Lots of successful people are pedophiles, just look at Congress and Hollywood.
4418433The funny thing about these kinds of responses is that they never even try to argue that BTC isn't a steaming pile of shit.
best devs>best adoption>best security>best development plan years of proven success>going mainstream>wallst gonna pump hard af>yup sounds like a piece of shit
steaming pile of shit.the reason your shitcoins can see so far is because they are standing on the shoulders of giants you faggot ass nigger queer jew!
hahahahahhahah preach brother
Shitcoin pump and dumpers gonna shitcoin pump and dump
9 years of proven successblockstream coin has only existed for 4 months
lolololo this retard thinks that cuz 3 out of 100+ devs are employed by blockstream that its "blockstream coin"hahahhahahahhahahhaha
Okay, really anon, go take marketing 101...
Okay not even that, ask some year 1 college student...Okay not even that, go watch Elmo explain money on sesame street before you sound stupid again
Buy the FUD, sell the hype.
This has served me well on biz.
Time to load up on BCH.
All in BCC, take these scalps boyos.. you fucking non-chart reading simps.
It's scalping time.... haha, get it fags.
best devsThe best devs left or got moved out you idiot>best adoptionThis is at least correct>best security...is /biz/ really this cucked by Blockstream?>best development planBased on what, and according to who?
years of proven successMany years of proven success, but the last year has been a shitshow>going mainstreamFair enough>wallst gonna pump hard afMaybe.
But they could pump anything.
And it's not ike BCH doesn't have its pumps, obviously.>yup sounds like a piece of shitYour argument is that because it's been around the longest and going mainstream is why it's the best.
If only the innovators of something were guaranteed to stick around...hmmm....
the best devs left or got moved out LOL>cucked by blockstreamLOL good cuck repeating roger vers propaganda!
!>based on what according to who?every single intelligent person in the crypto space>the last year was a shitshowup 1000% LOL idiot>fair enoughdamn right you little bitch faggot>maybe.
but they coudl pump anythingdo you really think a chink scam like BCH has a chance of making it into wall st?
LOL fucking tard
up 1000% LOL idiot>caring more about price than functionalityIts easy to spot newfags.
Anyone who thinks bch, big blocks and miner centralization is a good solution is a brain dead sea lion.
maxblockweight = 8mb>guys i created an amazing new better coin!!
lets all switch!!
!easy to spot the mongoloids