Time to admit it.You want BTC to fail because you are jealous.It isn't 'Mah satoshis vision' or even the Jews, it is because YOU failed to convert your shit alt coins to BTC before the bloodbath began.The only reason alts exist is to increase your BTC stack.Prove me wrong.
find segwit, "digital gold", settlement layer or permanent block limit in the white paper.
How can I be jealous when I saw your daddy fuck your mom for the sole pupose of recreation and you being thrown into this world 9 months later while screaming at the top of your lungs?
its true
I want BTC to fail because if it does not fail nakamoto consensus is empirically invalidated and all proof of work chains are proven wastes of time and money and we're all doomed until someone figures out proof of stake, or chia or IOTA are reliable enough to lean a large amount of value on.
trade with no emotion>stay neutral on all crypto politics>see opportunity with all coins >never hold when the trend changes Ignore the tribalism and make bank bros
I would rather go broke thanks to bitcoin than getting rich thanks to jihan.
Your loss then retard.
The jews are moving into BTC.
BCH vs BTC is just chinks vs kikes trying to control cryptocurrency.
Move away from both if you want to be free.
The only reason Bitcoin exists is to increase your fiat stack.Prove me wrong.
I have cashed out 3 btc.
But I'm holding the remaining.
No I hate it because it is a "currency" that is unuseable as currency.
Whenever I have to move money around exchanges I never use it because it's expensive as fuck and slow as fuck.
Good thing most exchanges have a lot of eth pairs.
Just die already, literally eny other coin would do better as a pair.
/pol
it's true, nothing would give me more pleasure right now than seeing the crypto market burn to the ground.
the media is already picking up on the tether fraud, i can only hope this gets worse than mtgox.
it's not about satoshi, it's about cypherpunks.satoshi isn't the first person to envision cryptocurrencies.
his work is based on a long lineage of similar projects by other people that never took off the way bitocin did.
many of those people currently work on bitcoin core or advocate for it.bitcoin took off after wikileaks started using it, but it's not the final word.
it needs more work in order to be the currency the cypherpunks have been trying to create for decades.
it needs to be able to scale to billions of people doing many microtransactions a day without becoming centralized.bitcoin can't do this without going offchain, and without keeping the block size relatively small.
No I want it to fail because I need to accumulate more.
This.
BTC is a dinosaur basically.
eth will never replace bitcoin.
bitcoin development moves slowly, but that's a feature, not a bug.
there are over $100b at stake, they can't make big changes as quickly as newer chains with less money on the line.just look at their roadmap, and think long term.
bitcoin is lightyears ahead of the competition.
bitcoin development moves slowly, but that's a feature, not a bug.fuck I hate unrestricted idealism, you get these fucking dumbass justifications from bitcoiners all the timebtc is 1) shit 2) slow at correcting being shitthat is not a feature, that is a fucking flawheard the same shit about high fees the other day> its a feature, not a bugjust shut the fuck up you maximalist idiots> bitcoin is lightyears ahead of the competition.no?it's BEHIND the competition and all the infighting indicates it will stay that way
there isn't a single discernible argument in this post lol
ETH makes changes all the time with no issue.
And where is BTC lightyears ahead of anything - give an example
you are the one who has to make the argument for why blatant weaknesses are featuresits pants on head retarded
that tasty anger and butthurtyou'll get caught with your jaw on the floor one day when this "dinosaur" trades at 500k a piece
The only reason BTC is up so much is because you need you need to buy it to buy alts
it can do it by increasing the blocksize>b-but that's centralized!
?no, it's not, anyone can host a full node.
going offchain is NOT trustless, and thus defeats the whole point of crypto.
and it'll cost you a nice 500k fee to move it back to your wallet to cash out
LN, do you speak it?seriously OP is right on point99% of bch dick riders/ btc bashers are just batthurt latecomers/nocoiners/shitcoinspump chasersit's not anybody's fault you didn't buy btc cheap, but guess what, the market doesn't give a fuck about those left behind
Just to reply to your post feels like it is giving me Cancer.BCH is Bitcoin.Kys.
in reality newfags are the biggest maximalists, I got my first btc when it was 600$, when it was actually a currency.
Explain how hashed timelocked contracts on the lightning network are not trustless.
Do you even know what that is?
I don't want BTC to fail, I want BCH to succeed.SELL YOUR BCH IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN IT OR YOU DON'T WANT ITWE NEED THE BCH PRICE TO DROP AGAIN SO PEOPLE CAN ENTER AT A CHEAP PRICEI fucking sold .5 BCH last night and the price went up without me, WTF.SELL YOUR BCH NOW SO I CAN GET BACK IN.
still believing that BCH isn't a good ol scam
.5 lmfao
bch is bitcoinonly in the heads of bch bagholders, the market has spoken, the market wants btc, not your trash coin, get over your loss you losers, it ain't coming back
You're going through SegWit sidechains you fucking retard.
Stop crying about how Bitcoin needs to "remain decentralized" while at the same time pushing for your shitty as fuck and completely controlled solution.
Fucking faggot.
i dont want it to fail necessarily but i do want them to improve transaction times without a centralized solution.
i want their current plan to fail
?
Where has the market spoken?
Do you mean when your coin almost bled to death and had been saved by a server crash on Bithumb?
Lmao.
The machiavellian approach you shills take to controlling consensus here is laughable.
alts only exist to pump BTCthis is why this market is still a joke
 Toppled Ethereum> Destroyed BTC's volume being the only coin to do that> Made EVERY alt coin bleed including BTC> BAGHOLDER COINI don't think enough bagholders are freaking dumping because the price has been consisent.
WE NEED YOU GUYS TO DUMP BITCOIN CASH NOW.
It is hard to enter if the prices are high.
hard to enter if prices are highnever stops BTC from climbing
There is no tether fraud you retard
Oh no, you're that retarded.
The lightning network doesn't use sidechains.
It's built on the actual bitcoin network with multi-sig addresses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIhAmTqXhZQ
Holy shit, you are retarded beyond salvation.
Didn't even answer the question.
This, my friends, is your typical cashie.
Don't be like him.