HOW TO BUY CHAINLINK:1.send real cash to kraken fromyour bank account.2.once money arrives in kraken buy litecoins3.send litecoins to binance4.trade litecoins in binance to chainlinkwhy is this so fucked up?
aitn a normie in the world who is going to do all that just to buy some weekly meme.
Please stop posting these girls.
It is making me question my relationship
ok
sigh....*unzips pants*
Please POST more LINK I want to have good dreams
I love white girls pic relatedt.
Jamal
Or you could be less stupid and more efficient:>buy btc to binance address from any btc vendor>buy link
Nobody has these i3Drl
Me too senpai.
All white men should love white women and breed as many white children as possible.
Pathetic poltardIts over for whites.
Your women belong to superior black genetics now
Kraken is better than Coinbase these days?
Or you could do nothing and save your money.
This is why I don't want refugees fucking up Sweden, Norway and other EU countries.
But there's nothing I can do to stop it.
So many white/arab relationships and families already sprouting up.In 5-6 generations, blondes, red heads, blue eyes, green eyes, white people in general won't exist.
Coss will change this
Can we post some ads on Facebook with instructions?
Like how bitcoin is spammed the fuck out of over there
who be them bitches?
i need it.. for research!
So people shouldn't be allowed to get into relationships with people they love, if the people are of a different race?Keep up the intelligent discourse, /pol/.
:/
Sure thing nigger.
Because it's something that dropped from 47 cents to 18 cents.
That's why.For the majority of it's history, it had been above it's current price.
Most people lost money on it.
That's why.
I want a sexbot exactly like that slut on the right.
Literally saving this pic to send to the manufacturer one day for a custom order.
4330993/Biz/?
I'm non-white myself.I'm just stating facts.
Shut the fuck up retard
Non-whites can mix with whoever they please.
Whites should be with only whites.
Well, saying it like that really sounds harsh but I think a good solution would be to not give them an opportunity to fall in love in the first place.
Everyone should live in their own respective country and engage in relationships with their compatriots.
And please don't spin this like it's some Nazi shit -- the biggest proponents of marrying within your own race and nationality are Japanese and Koreans, and they have the right idea.>inb4 japan is dying outThat's a whole different issue.
there's literally nothing wrong with jacking off to this picture
I'm curious as to why you think the Japanese are dying out.
Asking for my accountant.
The only ones race mixing are absolute bottom of the barrel white women with shit tier genetics and no interest from white men at all As far as I'm concerned they are muddying the gene pools of the shit skins
reddit spacing> :/https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1448064/Now fuck off.
The aging of Japan is thought to outweigh all other nations, as the country is purported to have the highest proportion of elderly citizens.
Not just in rural, but also in urban areas, Japan is experiencing a “super-aging” society.
[1] According to 2014 estimates, 33.0% of the Japanese population is above the age of 60, 25.9% are aged 65 or above, 12.5% are aged 75 or above.
[2] People aged 65 and older in Japan make up a fifth of its total population, estimated to reach a third by the year 2050.
I'd disagree.
At college, I see top teir whites holding hands with arabs/blacks all the time.
Never pajeets tho, thank god.
Here's an example of a swedish girl I talked to online who's dating and preggos with a drug dealing arab migrant.
Doens't look very bottom barrel to me.
I understand that they're in the middle of a demographic crisis, but my accountant wants to know why.
More specifically, why aren't younger Japanese procreating?
That's not a problem, Moishe.
A tiny island can't sustain indefinite population growth like you want it to.
Why is your accountant interested in this?
Swedish>whiteAnon, I ...
He's a weeb and I'm an enabler.
not everyone wants to marry their own brothers and sisters, you bunch of inbred trailer beasts.
also, women of all races tend to feel a lot of attraction to big black cocks.
who are you to deny them that which they desire so much?
This really surprises me.
I get the appeal of Black men, but Arabs?
They're usually short and ugly, greasy, and they don't even have a big dick reputation going for them.
What are these women thinking?
He's a drug dealer which means he has money and drives a white BMW.
Hos gonna ho.
Damn i want to breed with her and make mixed babies
HOW TO BUY CHAINLINK:1. use your debit card to buy ETH from Coinbase2.
exchange ETH for CHAINLINK on Etherdeltawhy is this so easy?
ain't a retard in the world who couldn't do those two easy steps just to buy some weekly meme

So rock and roll killed their desire to procreate, or did something else important happen in the mid-1940s?
eyebrows like that and you think she's not trash..
how many coins do I need to fuck these 2 whores?
but m-muh BTC transfer fees...
433088243309494330991433099743310564331404/pol/, the_d, and the rest of Reddit get the fuck off /biz/.
I'm here to make money and laugh at money memes, not read the fucking trash you people waste your lives reacting about all day on your respective boards.
Gas yourself Juden.
girl on the left looks like a dude
'hey /pol/tard'>proceeds to also be racist
i want to investigate their bewbs
lol same.
I want the body on left with face on right pls