Stress-free normie.
Stacking with every paycheck.
Are you?
Oh.
did bitbean change its logo?
Literally no idea where to post this since there aren't any Q&A threads on this damn board, but your image is giving me an in because I'm a Canadian and have a Canadian-related question.I'm looking to purchase some cryptos, looking to get a wallet.
I'm Canadian, does this affect which wallets I can use?
Does the wallet I use affect which coins I can have?
How does one transfer the coins one gets from an exchange to their wallet?I'm sure I'll get plenty of "do your own research" responses.
But you'd be surprised how these questions aren't answered explicitly online.
I feel like so much of this is just "get wallet, go on exchange, buy coins".
But which wallet, which exchange?
None of this is explicit and it's ridiculous.
Can anyone be kind to a Canadian who needs a little help?
I recommend the hand-made italian ones made from the finest hides in the animal kingdom.I, Myself as a Trader stand alone with my Crocodile Wallet For BitCoins, most of my friends Roll with the Italian Leather Wallets, made by hand.Buy not by factory in china but by Italian Hand LEather - is nicest queslity
Morron.
You buy this stuff with Cryptoprofits not with WageCuckSlaveChecks.
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
not carrying only cards>not using a binder clip for cheapest wallet possibleyer not gonna make it, anon
I bought a gold one and some other gold and silver coins, bullion with my crypto profits.Was fine, still a lot more upside potential in crypto.Happy to have some gold and silver laying around for a rainy day though.
The only thing that matters about which you're from is that you need an exchange that deals with Canadians.
I use QuadrigaCX and haven't had any problems.
Once you get verified there and transfer fiat and trade it for Bitcoin, you can send it to other exchanges that deal with trading between Bitcoin and other altcoins (these exchanges usually don't care where you're from and don't need verification, just avoid the American ones like Bittrex if you don't want to give them your info).As for wallet software that doesn't have anything to do with your country, I don't know which wallet is best but a lot of people use Electrum.
believing government "backed by ___" lies