everything looks overpriced.
anyone seeing anything that's a good deal right now, or do i just need to be patient here?
Just buy link
Scam
Bitcoin Cash is looking cheap...
Not really only in USD not BTC.
Literally most alts went up in USD but down or the same in BTC.
buy dnt, stop loss @ 550thank me later
Ignore the shitcoin shilling and keep holding those big dick coins for EZ gains.
I'd snatch up Neo now.
Should cross $50 again before the conference tomorrow.
i don't know either
Hey OP I'm on the same boat, everything is fucking overbought.
BORING AS FUCK TRADING DAY.Oh and before I get replies from shills trying to sell me a shitcoin, fuck off, you're not a trader, your a gambler.
You're no different than those cucks buying penny stocks.
Buy IOP anon.
easy peasy money
Research an buy Altcom bro
You probably wont take me serious, but I think DGB is pretty undervalued thanks to all the FUD
Well, Bitcoin its hard to say the value.
I'm surprised its increase its had in the lsat 5 months though.Monero providing anonymous transactions/payments's importance has yet to be understood.
I can easily see Monero surpassing $1000 in 2018.
Yes my biggest investment is in Monero, but thats because I am confident in this happening.Neo is young, the price gain over the last few days due to just news of an announcement is troublesome.
From $28-$50, and the news is more than lackluster to say the least.I don't support the ideals of Ripple, but I can see the usage-case and why banks would be interested.Ethereum is going to be the Bitcoin contender, plain & simple.
The possibilities with Eth, as a blockchain, transactions, creating smart-contracts on the fly, is going to change everything.
Yes ICO scams have shat on it the last few months, but the tech is still there.
NEM has been cheap for a while after it's big pump in May / June.
In the next few months of Catapult roll outs we could see an increase in price over the next couple months.
Jan 2018 is the public launch.XRP under 0.22 would be considered cheap IMO.
With the consistent good news and partnerships rolling out, there is probably more reason for this to grow than any other large market cap crypto.
Adoption will drive the price up from here on out, probably with large sell offs at 0.28 - 0.30 and 0.40.Always keep an eye on BCH when BTC dips.
With only a few glances at an RSI and Bolligener indicators you can some easy swing trades in.LISK is perhaps worth looking into.
Wait till after all the conferences coming up, people will probably sell the news.
Wait for a dip, it's just had a pretty big rally this month.
check out ethbet imo 
cryptocurrencies>priced appropriatelyYou are one little dense bellend.