>wanted to buy btc last week at 5800>put money into Coinbase>week long wait>new btc all time high>JUSTed by wait timesSo what now, buy btc now or wait?
wait for a 3 day dip, then buy
wait
I think you can deduce from most of the threads that people are not happy when they buy at an all time high.
It will definitely dip below 7.7K again.
buy high sell low
Scale in.
Spend a third now, a third during dip, a third when you miss the dip.
In the mid-long term btc is only going one way.
All time high today will look like a decent entry point in a couple of months
If you bought through Coinbase then you bought at the price the moment you clicked submit.
Coinbase locks in the price even if you choose to buy from your bank account which takes days for it to show up.
If you bought this way when price was at $5800 then you did well, OP.BUT, if you merely transferred money to GDAX (Coinbase's exchange) then yeah, the money is still in USD and you have yet to actually buy BTC.
No I transferred to Gdax to avoid coinbase's high fees and fucked myself
either  or hold for now.
it has been stuck around the 8k mark for a while now, no one's really sure which way it's going.
if it breaks 8.6k or so then you're probably in the clear
Don't worry OP.
It will hit 1000 USD soon enough.
BTC ship was missed months ago.
Now it's just a continuous P&D raking good goys for their hard earned shekels.
Wait til the next dip at least.
Patience.
You can make bigger gains.
This volatility is NOT a good thing.
crypto>not volatile
2017>using coinbaseAre you retarded?
After PBC pick tonight there will be a huge flow out of BTC into that coin.
Buy at that dip.
This, crypto is supposed to be stable, volatility is the antithesis of crypto.
What would you recommend?Sounds like a good plan.
I will be on the lookout
Coinbase will rip you off.
Their fees are insane.
Go to GDAX, it's their trading platform.
muh satoshis vision
You can buy after all the redditors start posting le ogre 9000 meme.
I use gdax, but you still have to deposit your money to Coinbase and wait a week
Get a good solid foundation of BTC at any price, so you legit don't FOMO in 30 years when/if it's a million bucks a coin.But yeah, past that, definitely fucking wait.
Never buy at an ATH.
Something will happen, at some point, that'll drive a crash.
Get more then.
did they ask you to verify your identity again on gdax?
buy eth or ltc now.
when they moon, trade for btc.
go back and forth like this to increase your stack.
good luck.
The coinbase fees are only high when you buy instant with debit card, and those fees are really just the debit card fees being passed on.
The upside is you get your coins instantly which is sometimes worth the extra fees
Sell BTC now, resistance at 8200Buy at 7600/7700Buy ETH now to 390, then sell
But what do I do with my ETH if BTC is still at 8200.
They wanted a second verification
The big fuckup was actually that I had to transfer my money from PayPal to my bank account which is normally fast, but PayPal fucked it up somehow and it took an extra 5 days
They always charge over market price and my Jew genes were not allowing me to spend anything extra
wait, if BTC breaks 8250 watch carefully, if it doesn't return to - 8000 then buying in is ok because in the long term it's going only one way.That is until the first crypto crash of 2018Remember at some point you have to cash out or you will lose
That is until the first crypto crash of 2018>>Remember at some point you have to cash out or you will loseYeah I'm really not happy about this, cashing out will slay me in fees and unfair pricing in this country, and when to do so to avoid the crash is complete guess work.
I wish I could just hold alts and be comfy but this market is fucking retarded.
Crypto has become unsafe, the BCH fiasco has damaged confidence badly, this market is built on nothing but confidence and naive optimism, a crash due to fraud, tech issues or something unknown is inevitable, it's just when, it will be a bloodbath.myself right now I've sold all BTC, I"M long on ETH for a small gain in my trading account, I don't trade shitcoins
I don't hold any BTC because I keep expecting to wake up to -30% but it just keeps going up and it's starting to really piss me off.
I hope holding alts when the big crash happens means I won't get too fucked.
I'm big in ETH/XMR/ARK atm.
Did you miss the drop to 5.5K?
Yes.
I only got into this when I saw the BCH hype, that burned me a bit but I didn't have too much in it.
Started looking into crypto a lot since then but the delay caused me to miss the drop yeah.
finally moved my arse two weeks ago>kraken held my money because theses cucks can't handle éèàù despite being the euro platform>finally get through and buy at almost pre dip prices>still made 3% in a dayWorrying over how late you are isn't good for you.
The way to profit and limit risk is with a trading account, CFD or Spread betting.You can open/close and switch positions quickly
Trading account?
I currently use Bittrex for everything if that's what you mean.
Cashing out before at least 100k BitcoinStay poor
Worrying over how late you are isn't good for you.Exactly, never FOMO, in markets there are always opportunities but sometimes you must waitGet a paper trading account and start learning
The 8000 resistance was much more real and taken us awhile to overcome.All aboard.
You can bide your time a little, wait till the trend is revealed, if it's going to the moon you won't miss out on much buy buying in at 8300 instead of 8200, certainly you'll miss out on less than if it falls to 7700
Buy litecoin instead, then when the gym dip comes litecoin will skyrocket and then switch back to btc
I see potential trend reversal in 15 min chart, sit tight
That wasn't a real drop.
We still need to touch 150 EMA and the bottom of the channel.
Don't buy the news.
Anyone that knows anything will never give you good free info.
Anytime you read news before the market has reacted it's just an effort to manipulate things in the author's favor.It's probably still safe to buy bitcoin now since everyone is expecting it to rise higher between now and January but if you wait it'll probably drop under 7 again.
Tbh I'd probably go ahead and put money into it right now even if it was going to dip again if not for this Tether FUD.
I have no doubt people will push this shit past 10k, but if the entire market crashes because this shit is true I'd be beyond mad.
BTC below 10k is still dirt cheap
Can someone spare some BTC pls, all I have is 0.07.
I just want one coin1Gwnu5L7rs1Q95s2fZMSRhht3FBtccRGi4
.07 is better than me0.034 here, I got into crypto last week.
I literally can't believe how quickly BTC is rocketing!At this rate i'll never get 1BTC.
If there's anyone out there who has a silly amount of coins and feels like changing someone's life, help us out.
Will send nudes13ivR4amP1LHhdszdqs6LW1uay5CuB66p7
>decided to look into bitcoin when it was at 4k>forgot to actually buy it>had to buy it when it went back to 6kfucik
wanted to buy btc last week at 5800>>put money into Coinbase>>week long wait>>new btc all time high>>JUSTed by wait times>So what now, buy btc now or wait?Why do you use shit like Coinbase?
Just use a regular exchange... Sheesh