> crypto still currently a fringe subject for most people> vast majority of users, developers, and entrepreneurs are male> btc and other crypto go "mainstream" in about 3-5 years.
people see how much money is in it> women start to see easy money, want in> "Crypto Has a Gender Problem"I'm calling it now, I guarantee you this will happen
S T I C C
Women are too stupid and emotional to be effective traders.
This will never happen.
is already Mainstream .
everxbody heard about IT.
people who are Not in right now wont suddenly change their opinion
Someone will make a 'Femcoin' that's easier to mine if you're a woman.
#GiveYourBitcoinToWomen
That's only because of the toxic male-created environment.
Toxic masculine traits like aggression, risk-taking, and initiative shouldn't be necessary.
4366464Every escort advert will be called BitcoinJob.Fuck I may actually create a token for pros.>Decentralized Escort Service (DES)
Oh, it's already begun.
Faggot pajeet from CIVIC posted about it last week .https://twitter.com/VinnyLingham/status/928493453293453312
they're too stupid for most things but that doesn't stop (((them))) trying to shove them into every up-until-now well managed by men environment
everyone knows btc or has heard about go mention ethereum to normie friendsor NEO or ripple or LTCthey probably dont even know theres other crypto than btc
How exactly would they know?
untruetrading the last few years of their looks and the paternity of their child for 50% of someones wealth and years of child support and alimony is a very effective trade
No, mainstream as in Facebook mainstream.
People using it every day like they do Google, Netflix, etc.No one gave a crap about these companies until tech became sexy and then all of a sudden you could make tons of money off of it.
Once crypto becomes the new norm, we're going to see a ton of normies demanding "diversity" in the crypto space.
Toxic masculine traits like aggression, risk-taking, and initiative shouldn't be necessary.This is a good point.
In a Fair and Equal cryptocurrency, everyone would share in the profits.
Unless they're Stephanie, I hate that bitch and I only fake smile at her.
They know it,but not how to get it
"Crypto Has a Gender Problem"most of /biz/ are girls though
Whatever you choose to believe.
Impossible.
Men would just work out how to be female and be better at it.
>mfw my girlfriend is a better trader than me
Men would just work out how to be female and be better at it.This is why "TERF" (Trans-exclusionary radical feminists) exist --- they know men do a better job at being a woman and they are terrified of it.
correct.
Women cant into trading.
Its a fact.
If their mememoney goes down 10% they would sell with losses, cry all day, eat chocolate and getting fucked by chad before some Beta NEET sends them some fiat money for being a "gamer girl(camwhore)".
They then fall into a ""depression"" (women cant get depressed like men) where they cry all day, eat even more chocolate and getting fucked by Chad even harder while their 20 friends (who hat each other) act like they care and watch 13 reasons why on loop (the show is good tough).Meanwhile anons post pink wojaks from their moms basement, jerk off and go on with their lifes before an hero sooner or later or making it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqXi8WmQ_WM
More interesting question:>How can we profit off of it?Like  said.
* Femcoin that mines easier if you are a woman?
* Validates transactions faster if you are sending money to a woman?
* Higher transaction fees for men, redistributed to womenShit like that that SJWs love.Make a super easy to use exchange for this coin and get an ICO.The SJWs will shill the coin amongst themselves.Simple PnD or maybe just sit back and get fat off the exchange fees
4366549By 2030 you will have to use iris scan for everything, especially in non-halal business.
This my friend is the Oracle problem.
Chain link is as easy as one two cuck
We already have powerful women in Crypto, like the CEO from ParagonShe'll probably be revered in the community by that point and all women will aspire to her success
>make crypto>browse Twitch for tit streamer>offer her a good percent of the cut if she is the face for it>have her claim she programmed it>make millions off SJWsI'd do this if I could program.
tits or gtfo
this
Women talk some amount of shit.
what a fucking retard
>oh my god feminists are gonna say were sexists when are just nice guys :(>two posts later >Women are too stupid and emotional to be effective traderslmao biz lmao
don't worry, they will tell you
I've been saying for a long time now that we will know when crypto is really starting to threaten the powers that be when it starts to become racist to hold/use it.
+1 Same
This but unironically.
buying into the HUR THE TRUTH IS SEXIST SEXISM IS EVILDo you not fucking get what the real problem is you fucktarded leftist?
+1Simply.
Powerful.
Fucking goldmine.
Call it boobcoin.Kaceytron would be all over that.Also it would be a way to sidestep transaction fees.You could get guys to ironically accept boobcoin as well.
Yeah fuck off back to POL you alt-right Russian troll.
Go worship your tiny hands fascist asshole while there's still time.
We're replacing all of you in 2018.
It's already happening you autiste.
The real tsunami will come when slut divorcees start missing out on money cos their ex-husbands were smart enough to keep a fraction/most of their wealth in crypto.
Mined tokens must be accompanied with a unique photo of vagen.
1 vagen = 1 token.Transactions require pictures of bobs.
1 bob = 1 transaction.Literally 'tits or GTFO'.
There's no "glass ceiling" in crypto though so they have no excuse
Implying there are no differences between men and women>Implying current year society doesn't condition most men to automatically defer to the female ID and the insane politics derived from itYou don't have to be /pol/ to accept biological reality and the entire recorded history of human societies and gender relations.
Already plenty of people spewing that shit already.
Cant courts force the husbands to divulge the password?
There's no 'glass ceiling' fucking anywhere but they still find excuses.
If women were capable of same work as men, and employers could take them on as workers while paying them less, there would be an immediate male unemployment problem.
If women had the same innate interests as men, there would be no gender differences in terms of who gets serious degrees (men - STEM and to extent Law+Business) and who wastes time on bullshit (everything else - women).
You do realise the whole fantasy of 'men get favourable treatment in job apps/workplace' has been repeatedly exposed as the opposite of reality even when biased researchers seeking precisely that conclusion have designed studies aimed at exposing it?
Gender blind applications/CVs = men get jobs more often.
Gender blind cover letters/personal statements etc = men get jobs more often.
The guy who killed crypsty and ran off with all the btc got divorced by his wife, she took all the stolen monies, she's still in court refusing to pay back the stolen monies
Sure they can.
Men are already sent to prison simply for the crime of not being able to find a job which pays enough for them to give most of their earnings to cunt ex-wives (with no guarantee of access to kids) so naturally this threat will be used to force men to give up any passwords/PKs to crypto.
yep, that's a faggot right there
She'll probs get away with that with the ex-husband ordered to pay any debt she's built up.
>why do people thing we're sexist?
no one is sexist anymore that's so outdated haha>Women are too stupid and emotional to be effective traders :)
More women in Crypto is fine.
It's more money dipshits (why do you think we're antsy about China).
Outside of lesbians, I don't see the average woman loving crypto.I work for a major financial inst.
Women typical work in VC roles and some as analysts , not day trading.
Women can run strong companies too , and I see that happening.
A good CEO can just sell the company.
Some devs &programmers are great CEOs.
Some hate doing that.
We've had a pretty strong SJW movement at the office but the traders get burned out and try to get moved to different departments.
Once you're hired you have to meet quotas.
The job is like baseball , so you're batting average has nothing to do with how the other people on your team are doing - or even how they treat you.
Honestly the only people who do well in here are Korean, Japanese , and white kids who grew up w/ parents that were either super smart or in the industry prior.
Why do people think we're sexist?
No one is sexist anymore that's so outdated haha>But seriously if you're a (biological) male who isn't a faggot or trans you're inherently evil, responsible for everyting in bad that ever happened, and undeniably inferior to any biological female and should STFU>t.
smug SJW leftist
I'm a woman and trade like a boss you pajeet
mfw i know more /biz/girls irl than /biz/boys
Women can run strong companies tooObviously.
Is that usually the case?
No.>A good CEO can just sell the companyAnd with reference to history, do women tend to make good CEOs?
(protip: No.)
Though they certainly get lots of free publicity - see cunts Marissa Meyer, whoever that dumb whore who created the scam Theranos was etc.>Honestly the only people who do well in here are Korean, Japanese , and white kids who grew up w/ parents that were either super smart or in the industry prior.Well blow me fucking down who in the fuck could have predicted that?
LARPer or faggot who forced his girlfriends to pretend they browse /biz/ confirmed.
Prove it, maam.BTC: 1Fpi2x5FQnSVUheQqpod2RFNtdP5DpbC2k
What if she owns both wallets?
i'm sorry your life turned out this way, anonit's not too late to make a change
I'm okay with more women in crypto, the problem is that they're not getting into crypto and in a few years they will ask us to share the rewards without partaking in the risks.
>stupid social justice warriors there is no sexism in crypto haha >Women are too stupid and emotional to be effective traders
Underated
if they do not trade because we think they are dumb, they are dumb
There's absolutely no reason for women not to have equal representation in crypto, yet they're 5% tops.If this doesn't signal genetic differences that make them less apt to make money then how the fuck do you explain it?
>I for one welcome women into crypto >if they are dumb>we think they are dumb>they are dumb
Jesus Christ.Women are getting absolutely destroyed on /pol/ right now>>>/pol/149443347>>>/pol/149443879
So is trading and finances the last bastion of men's world free of feminism and stupid cunts?
So like that chinesse loans where stupid whores had to send their naked selfies in order to get better terms?
Sounds like a good idea.
Hai hai!
tfw no submissive and sweet /biz/ trap to cuddle together.Not gay, btw.
Have fun in jail fag
I watched a guy try to explain crypto to 2 girls at a party last weekendThe girls sneered at him with contempt and looked at him like a total degenerate.
PoOProof of OvulationMine with your period blood
Bro it's already happening.
Just google "bitcoin" and "women"
Of course it will happen.
But like always it will simply be a brief whine with no solution presented and no female initiative to get into crypto.
Like fucking anything.
"We need more women in STEM" but they're literally not applying.
The goal is to make women's problems into men's problems so they can avoid dealing with them.related
Should've just flashed his blockfolio instead
Women can run strong companies too>Obviously.
Is that usually the case?
No.I heard about this one investor that when a woman became CEO he sold his shares and shorted the stock.
LOL.
I would do the same.
Wtf?
Crypto was fringe like 3-4 years ago when I was in.
If you legitimately think you're still 'early' when all my coworkers (male and female) have been asking me incessantly about which shitcoins to buy... You think you're an early adopter because you got in post January 2017.
I've got news for you - You're the normie.
4366498
Escort is legal in many places.
Literally me.
Maybe White Sharia Will Help
thanks clippy
welcome to years agohttp://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2015/04/bitcoin-women-problem/
It's too late, mainstream is here.
risk taking>initiative>badlol wut
You know what I can see that, call it wage gap coin.
And that this is a salary coin designed to improve female wages, by showcasing different pay sums and redistributing transaction fees to the lowest earning women from any male users.
like instead of proof of stake we'd have proof of "inequity" or some bullshit.
Brilliant /biz brilliant, I'll have the whitepaper later this week and send it to huffington post.
They'll do the rest.