Pack your fucking rocket ships
FakeDon't buy wtc for the love of god
Coin?
Waltonchain
Don’t spread fud when you’re butt hurt still from your BCH ass fucking.
% FAKE FAKE FAKE
I'm confused I love WTC but i hate fake shills.I'm near masternode need it to be below 5$ for 3 more weeks don't need fake pumps, not now:(Now i see this shit from 3 sources, are you all getting really good in shop or I'm fucked?
This is fake but WTC is a pretty good buy right now, pretty much at a bottom in terms of sats and news coming this week
News?What fucking news...pls just few more weeks...i need this :(DONT SHILL OR PUMP THIS SHIT I BEG YOU
Blah blah this is fake and no ones buying
WTC is such a shit fest.
The coin is shit and now the community is dead.
WTC Slack and Reddit mods actively shill other coins and the actual WTC team is god awful at communication and delay constantly.
Stay the fuck away from this very definition of Shitcoin.
It’s fucking real.
The momentum is behind it The demo is realBoxmining apologized about being a faggot and every doubting the project.
The demo is fucking kick assThey are presenting at IOT this week Zara, H & M already on board Blockchain is already up and running in house (look at the background of boxminings video)Screen shot this shit and if I’m wrong by the end of feb 2018 I’ll come back on here and eat my own shit live on cam.
Trying to keep the cost down so you can accumulate over the next week ?
Faggot
Lol why are you shilling WTC with fake news, we all kinda know how good it is by now.
BTW when is fagot boxmining video part 2 comming out?
THIS IS FAKE!!!!!
The newsletter is not out yet!It says masternodes "informance".
Anyone following WTC will get a chuckle out of that.Teeka does not talk masternodes to his subscribers who barely know what bitcoin is.
He has never spoken of Dash masternodes.
How would his subscribers know what that is??
Think!!!!
Dude this was literally written by a non-English speaker
We know desu, just sage and move onThe wtc moon is already over and that cringeworthy YouTube video all it did was make it crash even harder
Straight from WTC official twitter account
Yeah, I'd love to keep buying into the perpetual bear market that WTC is.
Go lick CryptoFU's balls while he shills WAX and VEN
50$$$kek, this has pajeet written all over it
Clearly you’re not in the slack group.
The teams communication is better than ANY project I’ve seen before.
People asking about Box’s video - let’s have an AMA!
(Proof directly from their twitter) You’re clearly a diluted linkie
What does this have to do with the price of tea in China?
44506614450595News that they’re finalists in one of the most coveted Chinese competitions is fake too I guess ?
Look at their twitter and do some research
Fucking shi i bought on that pop at 61300 then it crashed fuck me already a bag holding salty walty
There's a reason why every time there is a pump, there's an even bigger dump.
People want out, and it's no surprise why.
God awful communication, god awful moderators that shill other coins, and constant market manipulation.
If you think WTC has high volume, think again.
Probably 90% of the volume is from wash trading, blatant obvious wash trading.
Anyone who has stared at WTC charts for more than an hour has seen them.
30,000, 40,000 WTC sell orders appearing and instantly being bought.
Price doesn't move and the daily volume skyrockets.
It happens daily.For your own sanity, stay away from WTC.
Pay attention!
I said the newsletter was FAKE!
The newsletter IS FAKE!
look at the OP!
That is what we are all discussing except you.
I will agree, there does need to be more exchanges added to the mix.
Bittrex will pick it up by the new year which will help with the scum washers
They haven't even announced anything yet...also they changed the times for the PBC report.It's Monday 5PM EST.Good luck anons and I hope anyone who bought this garbage loses their money.
Shame on you to trust an unverified source.
Fake you nigger faggot.
I have a subscription.BCH to 1400 and EOS to 1.6 were the last 2 mentionsAlso to all you dipshit leaker morons.
SS this.Teeka worked at both Wall St. and Google if I'm not mistaken.
Google is a private arm of the CIA funded with what is literally CIA money via Palantir.
Teeka knows basic and probably in depth counter intel work due to worker for both Wall St. and Google.
Hell Wall St. at this point is cocaine fueled CIA shenanigans when it comes to counter intel work now.
CEOs sweep their offices for bugs on the daily.
Directors are weekly at the least if your in a serious firm.That is not even counting the people he can contract out to track and identify leakers.
I have said this before but if you leak SS of his report regularly you will be identified.
How You ask?Watermarks embedded in your PDF files or you web browser.
Different wording methods for select blocs of his subscriber network.
I am not a technically skilled individual beyond my ability to not get a shit ton of viruses on my porn box so they are dozens more methods I'm sure Teeka knows personally not including his Google-CIA drone sub contractors.
Any pre leaks you see are fake and or intentional by possibly Teeka and Co.
Himself to wreck attempted front runners.
You are in his words Dumb short money.If you leak SS you are jepordizing your sub.
So have fun
Feels so good to see Teekson picking a non-Bittrex coin.
Wew, pajeet discord pnd group - what an effort.
YOU ARE LYING!
He did not say BCH and EOS!
Teeka did no work for Google!
He did, retard.They weren't offical calls, but rather 'emergency' updates.
All PBC subscribers received such emails this past week.
YOU ARE LYING!
I am an actual subscriber!
Well, better ask for a refund, because you got skemmed br0.
Enjoy your false signals.
Fuck im gonna be so rich thanks anon wow $50 to $100 im making it in this lifetime
You are posting fake information!
Also Teeka never worked for Google, and he is not Wall Street insider of any kind.
fake PBC or not, WTC has some cool shit coming.
will prob have a nice pump which i will sell and then look for something else that is showing signs of consolidation before a pump.
dont make this more difficult than it is
This.When is part 2 video...???
REEEE FUCKING BAN INDIAN IPs ALREADY
I have a subscription on PBC and i can confirm there are actually getting some hints dropped towards WTC.
This is fake though
They are NOT!
You are lying!
also this appears to be a PDF format.
Teeka no longer posts PDFs to the site.
Just plaintext reports.
Cure the autism guy it got leaked get over it
Fuark this is true.
I’m a salty walty bag holder.
I want out.
My portfolio keeps going down.
Help pls.
why do you guys listen to this idiot anyway, he' just a fraudster that was thrown out of the financial industry who found an unregulated one he can still shill securities in
easily searchable on brokercheck
Teeka already sent out info that this months pick is going to be on bittrex.
kill yourself you fucking nigger.
The interesting part on this is that his newsletter also has stock picks!
How can he shill those?
Not on bittrex you faggot.
Lol at you taking the time to make this.
You think a bunch of 4chan pajeets were going to fall for this and moon WTC for you?
Off yourself
The token can still be bought for 5$Eurofag detected.
>recommend to buy up to 50$way to keep it realistic fucktard