PBC Is NOT out yet.
Don't believe any fucking leaks.
It may be POWR, but I would not buy until you know for sure.
DELET
IS IT NOT SOLAR WHAT IS GOING ON!?
Shhhh.
Enjoy the shitshow.
I’m leaning towards SLR but holding both.
The leak is on the same domain as the rest of the PBC articles.
It's legit.
Thanks Twent, saved my ass again lol.
Can you please let us know the pick or is that only for your private group?
Twent my boi
Cant believe these pajeets believed some shit picture someone made up and invested in it get out before you get burned
Somebody can just upload the past ones on a domain you fucking moron
IT iS POWR!!!!
BUY IT NOW
Twentya called Zencash correctly.
He has insider knowledge
it's a draft you idiot, a random pajeet could not have come up with an elaborated report like that leak, its always been powr
This.
goGO powr RANGGgeeeeeeeRS!!
DO WE BUY IN OR NOT FUCCKKKK
I bought into ZEN before the report came out made a lot of profit.
Its too much of a coincidence web summit attendance and adding to bittrex.
Fuck off its fake dont buy
buy before the official letter gets out, this was leaked but its 1000% legit, check the domain
That may be true but it will dump if it isn't.
Idiots on biz take far too many risks
check the cert
OP literally leaked it out of a private group for you guys.
lol says the guy who runs a pnd group, try fudding someone else fag.
To the moon with powr anons, don't trust me.
But ss this.
Fucking Twentya, coming through for /biz/ again.
You're a legend m8.
The file is down.
Pajeeta fucked up
I've been away from /biz/ for a few months and when I was here prior PBC releases weren't so hyped as they were now.
Regardless of if this comes out today or on the 20th, does it usually come out pretty sharp at 5PM EST?
I wanna make sure I'm on /biz/ as soon as it comes out so I can buy before the price skyrockets (where most of /biz/) will buy.
< see pic it will be released on monday
them sell walls though
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
Unless you're hitting F5 on the PBC site and have a bot to market buy your position in a microsecond after it releases, it'll have already pumped before your slow ass can read it in /biz/.
But by all means, buy in when you see it - we gotta get our dumb money from somewhere.
Confirmed Solar fagholder.
Nothing to see here...
look at how the market is moving OP, plus the PDF got magically taken down this shit is legit
It's not.Jesus christ you are scum
Takedown is just part of the scam strategy.
If it's 'banned', it must be legit.
Not.
Hmm, writing a bot isn't a bad idea, especially with Bittrex having an API out now.
Won't have time to do it if it comes out today but if it is indeed stalled until the 20th, I could put a Python one together by then.Also, how much would Anon pay for custom bots?
I could do things like adding a stop loss, take profit function to Bittrex, signals for when specific TA conditions are met, buys/sells when keywords are posted on specific sites, analytical bots based on most frequently discussed symbols, etc..
https://pbc-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/editorial/pbo/201711/20171120-pbo-monthly-draft.pdfhuh?
its still up
Shut your whore mouth buddy, it's fake.
fuk ur mother if u want fuk
PBC found out the draft was leaked.
They just blocked access to the document.They are going to put passwords on their docs for now.
If this dosent prove it's authenticity i dont know what will.......
Regardless if fake or not check that powr up 10 percent lol.
It was 8 percent just a few mins ago.
I don't want to miss out again
Just lost $10 dollars on this pump and dump scam, no fucking way I'm following pumps again, too fucking risky in this whale and pnd groups infested market.If an alt will grow, it will do so organically, not in a fucking spike.
just hodl till the official report gets out, this was a draft but its real, dont be stupid
You're just part of a pajeet ring working in a shift infested warehouse in rural India.
Your manager who graduated from high school fakes a shitty report and sends you underlings to biz to spread it.
Just fucking kys please.
Still nothing from PBC
being this saltyDo you work for Teeka?
if this shit is real and it was leaked, what's stopping them from canceling/postponing the release for a new coin?
because they already got their bags full at much lower prices.
Go make more posts rakesh, you aren't paid 5 rupees to fuck around, go work.
Still waiting for my 2x on verge
the PBC clients or the company itself?
I bought on his first post and got 1.5x.
pbc when!!
Sent on behalf of Twentya.
Here is the link to Twenty'a public Discord server.
This month only, the official PBC picked will be published on the public server.
After that, all insider information as well as PBC calls will be announced on the private Discord.
https://discord.gg/5ZH2B9C
Wow, youre not even trying.
thank you for the link sir, may i please see bob pics?
fuck off faggot
Real
Twentya is a ace guy called zcash and verge and is pbc member so knows if its fake or not join the discord and you see
People will always say it's fake because they actually paid for it and you are getting it for freeThen how do you know its real?Read it and you will know its 110% legit
Because people like me have a track record.
fuk ur mother if u want fuk$$$$$$ NULS NULS NULS NULS NULS $$$
One of the best fake reports we’ve seen so far, they even bought the pbc domain.
Only the pbg domain is owned by the actual Palm Beach Group.
(We will be forwarding this post to Palm Beach Leaks as well.
)For those who can’t access the article, don’t click on the link, select the pdf attached.https://pbc-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/editorial/pbo/201711/20171120-pbo-monthly-draft.pdf
Thanks for the headsup Twentya, I lost just $10 on this, could have been way more.What's the next crypto I should invest?
the fud is literally enough to drive someone crazy.
fuck, /biz/, why are you like this?
just made .2 on this ah well
I’ve been on board with twenty’s other posts and this may very well be fake, but it’s a damn good fake.
Teeka’s voice was done properly if it wasn’t actually him.
I’m thrown off by the idea that someone would update a pdf of a draft.
Voice?
POWR
WOW THEY JUST ANNOUNCED IT IS MONERO AND THAT THEY WILL ONLY PUMP MONERO FROM NOW ON!THIS IS HISTORY IN THE MAKING!
FAKE newsletter not out yet!
I AGREE FAKE.
THE REAL ONE JUST SAID IT IS MONERO!
CONGRATULATIONS EVERYONE!
I agree with OP on this being Solar Coin
Voice is the distinct personality, style, or point of view of a piece of writing or any other creative work.I'm a copywriter by trade.
It's very similar to his actual works.
Though I think this is fake (meaning not a real leak, but a fabricated piece of writing).
The AWS domain that PBC uses is actually pbg-assets, not pbc-assets.
OP dont know what it is yet as it hasnt been released
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
OP said he thinks it's SLR, read the thread, I think so too
I'm hedging my bet by going in on POWR, think it might actually turn out to be true.
This way I can be faster than all the pajeets rushing to buy at release.
If false, I don't care, it's still a solid hold
"Why even invest if it's not Powr?"
- Teeka (Head of Nintendo of America)
it's verge
Yo, what it the ETA for this?
I don't want to miss it.
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU I'm investing in POWR because of it's real potential in the real world and not some newsletter or moon mission
Good job selling below what you paid.
If you were down then why would you even sell if you didn't already have another "sure thing" play lined up where you needed the funds immediately or something.
power based cryptos>potential
>big T here>send LTC at this adress for early report> MHQRAqQNLy1h2wqafhLCRbYMo391aDvgEP
Is this fucking thing coming out today or not
Honestly who gives a shit about some random twat's analysis as part of some unknown company's supposed 'confidential'
Yea can somebody tell us what is the ETA?
>tfw I work for the publication network PB runs under>tfw I have access to every issue whenever it comes out
Not till early next year just got a email tough luck kiddo

IS IT DELAYED TIL MONDAY OR NOT
larp more, i are the real TEEKA big T out friend
 no
whats new
I think it's delayed till monday