We are going to make it!
We are going to do it!
Nothing can stop us!
Trips and we will make it
4241892
Sorry bro, no Lambo for you.
Trust me, we will make it!
I promise you!
They only way out of this hole is sell everythingInvest in DGB
unfortunately all of us will make it because its still the early days of this shit.
even you poorfaggot beggers.
yes you will make it also.
unfortunatelyNo negative people!
Negative people will blog their money on bad investments!
yes dgb is the one shitcoin with a proven working product severely undervalued.whales have accumalated, just waiting for the flow of money into alts
>Didnt buy back in after selling at 6600c-crash any day now, right?
The market is volatile.
You will get back in.
No plans on giving up, I'm all in on crypto, this is it for me.
All fuckin in.
pull up in that roadster sv,ah
I hope you're right man.
Dubs and we will make it
We will make it anon....
I don’t think I can do it man.
I’ve lost so many people close to me this year and I’ve lost the drive to pursue my hobbies.
I also lost someone who I loved very much and she shared the same hobby as me and now she’s gone.
The money I lost in crypto because of stupid moves pale in comparison to these emotional pains.
I keep telling myself when I’m in profits again I’ll feel better but deep down I know it’s not true.
I can’t remember going through a single day where I haven’t cried in the longest time
You will make it, friend.
It will get better.
Same here.
Fuck it.
YOLO.
Dubs and we all made it wooo!
The people close to you that have left you are probably not due to you putting in money and then losing the money.
Who gives a shit about that really?
I think it's because you fucked up somewhere (started fights, did some dumb shit, killed somebody, etc) that people have now left you.
Even if you feel cornered, and there doesn't seem to be a way out, there is always hope.
FIGHT YOUR WAY OUT!
WE WILL FIGHT TOGETHER!
Buy $NULS guys.
Hold.
We got a possible 40x on our hands!
% NULS 50% BCH for me.
im 13k in credit card debt because im a fucking idiot and used it as capitol lol lolololol fml
nothing is going to work out and idk what to do, business went under and now unemployed.
4245557Same thing happened to me.
FIGHT!
I WILL FIGHT WITH YOU!Crypto is the best sphere to fight in.
We can fuck over the bankers worse than they fucked us, trust me!
bruh i have 0 money in my account, let alone any to but crypto.
what do, also side note how does crypto fuck over the bankers?
We are brothers, trust me.
Crypto kills the banker's power.
They also don't understand it.
Together we can SQUASH all the bugmen, bankers included.
Learn.
This is a field where investing time and effort is worth it.
ok i will learn