Okay lads.
Some of you are alright.
I've received help from many good anons throughout my time on /biz/ and I want to give something back.
By God, you must listen if you don't hate money, because you may not come across this elsewhere.By analysing BCH block data I have come to the very simple conclusion that tonight, at some time between 20:00 and 21:00 UTC, BCH will finally fall to its knees (about 4 hours from now).When that difficulty adjustment comes, the pump will end immediately.
Miners may face difficulty increases of between 4-7 times what it is now, which is fucking insane.
Unless BCH climbs to tremendously high levels before then, BTC will be far more profitable to mine and most of the BCH miners will jump ship, leading to the whales dropping their bags.
Once this happens, the price of BCH will plummet, meaning it is even LESS profitable for any miner to even attempt to mine BCH.
Transactions might get even more backlogged than a Wendy's toilet after use from an average American.
Their only hope for salvation could be the EDA if enough miners drop out but even then it might be too late.
I'm not a margin trader, but tonight I am.
Because I know almost for a FACT that BCH will go down the shitter.
Going to put a short sell order on it in about an hour or two, hopefully it doesn't tank before then.You've been warned.
If you're a sceptic, explain why and we can have an intelligent discussion (by /biz/ standards).
This isn't a FUD post.
This is me trying to fucking help you.
God speed anons.
Lol
this is so false.fork readjust this to attract more miner
Well inverse /biz/
delete this
at what block will the difficulty change??
A Pajeet in my well-written thread
whats the site you get this info fromthe pic i mean
, maybe fucking less?
ive been trying to tell people this, but no one will listen, im working on a screen cap to shame the retards into oblivion.
maybe not being nice will sway them
does it mean money will flow back to BTC?
also this was clearly common sense BCH wasnt mined heavily so the diff is very lownow everyone and their dog mines it so of course the diff will skyrocket
yes
Is going to moon once before thenScreencap this
Sounds like a chink to me IMHO
at most this will last for 22 hours
Let's not forget, right now the tx fees are super high on BTC.
Guess who benefits?
The miners.Thus making BTC even more profitable to mine.
Let's face it cash fan boys.
It's over.
I can't wait until I see cash reading -90% and all my alts go green af
What website is this OP?
I'm thinking the same.
OP your "well written letter" is a bunch of words, literally every normie knows this, and you act like you are giving away the greatest secret ever.
Everybody fucking knows this and a lot of people expect a pump in a few hours.
https://bitcointicker.co/bccnetworkstats/https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin%20cash/I should have provided this in the OP come to think of it.
All there
What's your problem?
You're trying to claim that everyone on /biz/ was aware of this shit.
Not everyone was looking out for it and people could have lost money.
So what if a lot of people know, no harm in getting the word out to more m8
thanks have a laugh
You are so wordy.
no u
Whut?
do you even blockchain?
Doesn't this mean BTC will rally and alts will then bleed?
yeah none of you faggots have any good proof BTC will end up on top.
Miners are switching because Bitcoin Cash is the only solution to the congestion problem simple as that.
The increasingly high fees benefit blockstream because it pushes users off chain do they can make money off you faggots.
nobody wants that bullshit.
And nobody wants the expensive slow turd BTC is
ok tell me whats wrong on that statement
Read what op said you FUCKING STUPID FAGGOT RETARD, once difficulty readjust on bitcoin cash it'll become not profitable than bitcoin and miners will switch leading to less congestion and less fees.
Is your brain too fucking small to reason this out you brainlet?
WHY DO I HAVE TO SPELL EVERYTHING OUT FOR STUPID PEOPLE ON BIZ EVERY FUCKING TIME ITS SO ANNOYING, THIS IS WHY YOU LOSE MONEY THIS IS WHY I AM MAKING SO MUCH OFF RETARDS LIKE YOU
yes buy btc.
Better yet go 100x long position because you guys are so sure Bitcoin cash is a shitcoin eh
Fucking pajeet detected.
miners only care about the profitbtc will be more profitable next round
Miners are dumping all their BTC profits into BCH because that's what they believe in long term.
BTC is toast.
Graet post vry insight sir
Yep ^^^^^^^^^^
Perhaps alts will lose a little in BTC value, but they'll be at least dragged up in their USD value
4322191Someone get a screencap of these chinks.
Can't wait for their glorious pink wojak chimp outs later on
Burger here.
I take offense.
When I shit at Wendy's I do it in the sink.
You're absolutely retarded if you think whales haven't already anticipated this potential difficulty drop.
This is common, obvious knowledge that any large trader would know.
The market has already priced this in.
nah, bitcoin cash goes down hard, all alts will follow suit and flow hard into bitcoin, its not going to be little, expect a 20% drop across altcoins.It hasen't, you're going to get burned
priced in
that delusion
This.
It's over, time to sell.
or 3 hours until difficulty increase, then fixes at 7pm gmt with new difficulty algorithm hard fork.Expect volatility in prices before a pump.I’m holding.
Buy the rumor, sell the news.
So really... We should be selling the news that Bitcoin will have a difficulty advantage by buying into Bitcoin Cash.
"Pricing in" barely works in normie markets.
No fucking way it's accurate is crypto trading.
Considering there are countries actually backing BTC at this point, it wasn't going to collapse any time soon.
Holy shit.
OP here never considered their hard fork.OH SHIT THIS COULD FUCK THINGS UP
In a good way or in a bad wayIn other words, continue hodling 50/50 or dump
It's hard to even know.
Doing my best to research the fork but the sneaky chinks have really shrouded it in mystery with regard to WHEN it will take place
efficient market hypothesis>cryptomy fucking sides
https://twitter.com/vitalikbuterin/status/929568846243012608
Activation of the new consensus rules will be done on a median time stamp basis on blocks that occur after timestamp 1510600000, which corresponds to November 13th, 7:06 PM GMT.
This activation code has been merged.
>https://www.bitcoinabc.org/november
Meh imma hold it then.
I got them for free from the fork, if they crash btc will spring back up, and if they don't then now is probably the perfect moment to sell low.Maybe I should've sold this morning as I woke up when they were still like 0.3, but whatever
43229374322937Legend.
Cheers for that.
We can still short it and then buy back in cheap for another pump tomorrow.
shameless self bump