https://twitter.com/RCN_token/status/929073916047446016Stay poor anon.
These dirty argentine's roadmap ends in April, when they'll be porting their existing business over.Better vision/team then SALT, yet a quarter of the value.
Forget biz, they are allergic to gains anyway.
We moon without them OP.
>missed the 1500 dip
From their AMA with the CEOhttps://medium.com/rcn-news/rcn-ama-with-sebastian-serrano-and-david-garcia-the-recap-fb98e537f206CompetitorsWhen asked about competing companies, Serrano stated that most of them are actually complementary instead of plainly competitors.While the RCN project has similarities with Salt Lending, for example, the latter only works in crypto, is a centralized platform and requires a collateral from the borrower which usually has the need of funds.Omisego, on the other hand, is focused on providing banking while RCN is focused on credit solutions.
RCN could be a good credit liquidity provider for Omisego, and both companies could acctually be can be synergeticWith over 150,000 users, Ripio has a current monthly growth rate of 20%.
The team stated that they will keep expanding their business in the following months.
Next year, the company will extend its wallet services to Mexico and Colombia.
Meh I think people know about it but just don't care about this token, its already high cap for a starter and news gets round fast
Maybe, personally I think the entire thing has been overshadowed by the Bitcoin drama.
This has gone completely under the radar.Only "pump" was when they listed on Huobi, Bittrex and Binance in the same night, which is to be expected.
even a fucking partnership with Huobi.prohttps://medium.com/rcn-news/rcn-token-sale-has-ended-and-huobi-partnership-announcement-d11268d35801Huobi.pro is planning to provide liquidity to other credit exchanges and wallets provider from Asia that will integrate the RCN protocol within Q1 and Q2 next year.
Ripio will definitely do well and at that point biz will start to care.
The cap isn't too high and it still has some space to grow.