Oh look... who could have seen this coming?>imagine all the retards who sold their btc for bch yesterday
what did he mean by this?
If you don't own any bcash you are retarded.
I have about a third of my money in it, mainly as a back up plan so I don't have to worry constantly like BTC onlys clearly are
a third of your money in a scam coin
because any sane person dumped all their bch at the first opportunity to get more tbcyour "backup" plan is a chink scam coin
dont listen to these BTC shills, BCC still bottom'd out at 3x what it was a week ago, fork 8 hours out
Do you see the pattern?
Everyone said it's a scam, dead etc before a month ago, and now even after the drop it's still way above where it was a month ago.
I'm not fucking chancing it
Bought 4 more BTC during the dip.
Thanks, retards!
That's because there's a shitload more deluded bagholders refusing to sell than there was before.
I see very rapid increase in value, yesYeah this is what I mean, I've got both and an not risking it.
The last few days made me beyond stressed that I didn't have enough, I hate to think what people who didn't have any were feeling.Considering it outperformed bitcoin in value I think the smart people would have held on to it
I don't give a care why its worth what, just what its worth.
The only people who seem truly deluded/worried are people without any as evidenced by the daily it's gonna crash threads which started at 500.
Bcashers generally have nothing to worry about since we have both
Also Video relatedhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XbZ8zDpX2Mg
I'm not knocking you for holding it, it's smart to hedge your bets.
Judging by your previous comment, you seem to think that there's a justification for its price other than the artificial pump though.
Just pointing out that the exponential rise has been irrational.
ftfy
Pro tip: Whenever /biz/ is larping about a coin crashing, that's when you know it's a good time to buy in
I'll be honest I have no idea why it's going up so quick, and maybe it will die.
If it does I can live with it.If however, it somehow does btfo bitcoin (which I don't think it will, although a few days ago certainly spooked me) I would absolutely want to kill myself
yeah, but going there with an argument leads you into meta discussion why things have value in the first place.
BTC is just as irrational from that standpoint.
it is technologically inferior to many altcoins which still no one sees any value in.
if enough people see value in BCH then it doesn't matter anymore if scumbags initially pushed for it.
https://cash.coin.dance/blocksThis shitcoin is so fucking retarded
THIS IS THE REAL HEDGEPoloniex holds the Bitcoin Plus development wallet which sits at 14,000 shares and stakes 20% yearly until 2030 or so.
They aren't de-listing Bitcoin Plus anytime soon.
Bittrex and other exchanges will follow suit and add Bitcoin Plus probably next year.
When the $$$ make sense they all follow suit.Bitcoin Plus is following the same pattern and path that Bitcoin did early on.
1-2 years from now there will be people on here posting how they wish they would have bought this at $50 each...now it's $10,000 each.
There are now 10+ Digital Currencies with a billion dollar marketcap and I would gamble that Bitcoin Plus will be another billion dollar plus marketcap coin in 2 years.
You have massive amounts of development taking place in this coin that we would have only dreamed of a year ago like SegWit, major Dev, and a 100 more things.
And the developments are just getting startedBitcoin Plus is no joke.
This one is as real as it gets.
And the knuckleheads that come on here and post Scam Coin are as dumb as it gets.
Every coin has those people.
Bitcoin has had them forever.When Hedge Funds start eating Bitcoin Plus it will be a new adventure like we've never seen before.
And they are coming.
I was slightly spooked as well, however I personally didn't bother with BCH because I'm in BTC for the longhaul, and can't go around hedging on every shitcoin that tries to take a pop at it, because before long I'd lose my stack entirely.
Time and time again, it always pays to HODL BitCoin.Correct, however BTC has the most accumulated difficulty, 'brand name' recognition, etc.
It is currently the coin with the greatest long-term survivability, regardless of the technical aspects (which can be fixed at a later date).
this
Good link.My favorite part is that bch is 9k blocks ahead, but btc has confirmed 13 GB of transactions more.
Those 9k blocks could have potentially held 72 gb of transactions, but people aren't using bch, they are speculating with it.
So fucking true...
don't buy bcash you dumb goy it is a scamGee I wonder who could be behind this post.
protip: BTC and BCH are both scams, and nothing like satoshi's vision.
objectively monero is a far better coin.