DO NOT HODL BCH, IT'S GOING TO COLLAPSE ANY MINUTE NOW
HOW COULD IT COLLAPSE????
IT HAS BITCOIN IN THE NAME WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
>BCH might not even hit 0.25 BTC in valueGod if it can't even pull that off this time it's over
Lol.
Not really.
If anything goes awry they'll just stall the BTC network through moving their mining power over to the BCH network, making BTC pretty much unusable due to 4+ hour transaction times that will increase as the transaction queue keeps increasing in size at a much faster rate than it already is, and it is increasing alarmingly fast already.They have gone all in.
The miner oligarchy that is.
They'll get their way even if they need to let the BTC network stall to achieve panic sales, and the next automatic difficulty adjustment is far away.
look, can't we just help each other here on 4chan?
why must we spread disinformation.only an idiot can't see where this is going.either you're an idiot or you just want to FUD people into making bad decisions
tfw you bought in 2 weeks ago so you don't have to watch 5 minute candles like a loser
ANOTHER pathetic pajeet fud thread
only an idiot can't see where this is going.Just like the last pump to 0.25 BTC in value followed by a slow and painful drop?
you corecucks are going to JUST so hard
so many factors are different this timeBTC is bloatedBTC is on is way downBTC can't scale (turned down opportunity for 2MB blocks)BTC network is already congestedBCH has many many miners.
Miners needed to run BTCMassive volumeMany companies is now supporting BCH instead of BTCJust everything points in one direction
What is that mean?
Is that mean miners are supporting btc?
Many companies is now supporting BCH instead of BTC
Someone rememed my meme I have never been so proud
Lol im proud of you too.
Which meme was it?
Attention btrash bagholders.Dump now or suffer months of wojaks in your honor
not really, I'm pretty fucking tired as I haven't slept this night nor much this week.but I am not entirely sure about that point.
bitcoin.com and bitcoin classic now supports BCHbut yes, that was my weakest point perhaps
bch will be 2-3k USD before the end of the monthscreencap this
The only cap will be the figurative one in the asses of all the tards who fomo'd into this pnd the past week.
you bizfags are so fucking stupid, you just fucking gamble and talk about shitcoins all day, learn to fuck think for 2 secondsbitcoin cash is way better than bitcoin, if you were doing a swing trade and you're not out by now you're fucking retarded, after such a run up this shit HAS to pull back, why the fuck would I panic?
I like bitcoin cash and I only hold 1, so I could give 2 fucks if some fucking autistic biztard says the volume is downbiz says to sell, I'm holding.
thanks for the bags niggersigned,just some kike
I think everything will gravitate towards BCH, I am thinking it could reach 10k lolwhy?
this whole business will bleed alts like crazy.
alt holders will know from the last time around not to hold alt when bitcoin is in the spotlight.
.
bitcoin.com and bitcoin classic now supports BCHholy shit, I mean i had my suspicions that your average BCHer was dumb, but now I know for sure.All of you kids clearly came into crypto post 2017, because its obvious when you say shit like this.
Do you really have no fucking idea what bitcoin.com and bitcoin classic is?
OF COURSE they "support" BCH - they fucking are BCH!
its the same fucking group of people!
YOU DONKEYS
your logic is flawed right off the batlets say you are right and btc is bloated and shitty.
why do you think bch is the only way out?
what makes you think people haven't started to mine monero instead
sure I don't know that much about crypto, and I am fairly new to it, doesn't invalidate everything I said though + I already said I was extremely tired and I can't make the effort to look up things at this state of mindthe scenario I am talking about is plausible enough to bet on and you can always cut your losses if it's needed
Anyone got that pic of the BTC daddy saying "It's ATH TIME!"
about to whip the boy representing all the alt coins?
satoshi dice >primedice>nitrobethttps://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-cash-surges-businesses-abandon-legacy-btc/educate yourself fagot
Fuck off pajeet.
Shit's a third world scam falling apart at the seams as we speak.
I understand that you would look at it this way - you are new after all.
So are 99% of the posters here.People who have been in this since 2011 know this is history repeating itself.
I wouldn't touch BCH with a barge pole.
when BTC crash, alts crash and money disappears from cryptoBTC depends on miners that are going to support BCH, without those miners BTC cannot operateBCH will be the safe haven for most people in these troublesome times when BTC fails to operate
please sir pump my useless shitcoin a little bit more for the needful
this place is swarming with reddit of late
Okay thanks, I have never heard that argument, do you have some resource I can look up regarding it being a scam?
Bitcoin.com>Pro-BCH website>Posting pro-BCH articlesReally stimulates the synapses
Nigerian princes pulled off a hell of a heist today.
ask for info>get easily verifiable info>"BIASED SOURCE WTF"Corecucks, ladies and gentlemen.
Lol all three of those are owned by the same Bch homo
BTC is overrun by dirty kikes and deserves a ritual cleansing.
Stellung halten Männer
Because Jihan and Roger are so much better
What about Bitcoin?
Lol it is weekend
jihan is based
at least they dont knowingly cripple the transaction speeds in a bid to get people to use their proprietary networks, its like t-mobile throttling your internet speed to get you to purchase a better tarrif
reddit
great scene.too bad it's total fiction
Memes triangles about to converge, now we find out, moon landing or crash?
Yes, they do.
They spam the network constantly and fuck with their EDA.
They are a cancerous tumor on the collective network.
Sabotaging btc is the only way they can get anyone to mine their shitcoin.Then they have the cheek to claim they're fulfilling satoshi's vision.Typical gook insects - no shame.
No, they are just allowing people who want to, including themselves, to dump their BTC for BCH at favorable prices before they let the BTC chain stall.
They are for BCH.Hashrate on BTC network down from ~7200 petahash to ~6750 petahash over the last few hours and its still dropping.BCH went from 825 petahash to 4200 petahash over the course of the last 30 hours.
bitcoin corecuck is a kike scam
All in BCH, no stop loss.
Do it
Which movie is this from?
Guess it was crash
All of you stupid fucks too scared to buy into BCH right now are going to be pissed when you have to fucking wagecuck for an extra year because you suffered 40% losses and missed out on 200% gains.
literally everybody on reddit except the small r/btc satellite is a core shill you dumb cuck
because i say so it must be trueKys fag litecoin will be the next crypto king also because i say soDo you see the faulty logic here
reddit literally censors the real bitcoin, all their subreddits are run by corecucks
this