Was this the single worst week in crypto history?
I don't remember feeling so shitty and stressful like this for a long, long time.
I've literally almost cried a few times.
I woke up EVERY night MULTIPLE times to check my balance.
ALL my dreams are about cryptos and no matter what I do everything comes back to me worse than before.
Literally one step forward, two backward.
I'm so jaded, I feel like I've became older by 10 years.
it was pretty good until about 2 days ago.
every time i check coinmarketcap i involunatarily shit my pants.
i havent eaten in two days so its mostly blood at this point
8 fucking thousand american dollary-doos Not for some of us OP.
You only had to hold.
let me guess?
bitcoin cash?otherwise it's been a good week for a lot of coins.
I know.
I fucked up so many time the past 2 weeks I lost confidence in myself.
I barely eat anymore and I have no mood for anything.
What?
What even fell this week desu.
I'm up 9%, mostly from Ethereum going 300 -> 330
What's your portfolio diversity like/what are you holding?
I'm holding half a dozen shit coins and it's been a fairly uneventful week.
I only hold 5000 euros in MOD and it isnt doing anything right now lol.
No profit or losses.not sure how to feel but I like the project.
Long term I guess..
I'm just fine OP.
I'm not one of the fucking retards that bought into the BCH pump and dump
-50 tether and bitcoin
lol yeah I haven't been eating much all week.
actually lost 10 pounds but the stress has probably taken a year off my life too
Stiffen up that lip champ.
Bounce back
What the fuck you shouldn't be distraught at all then.
y-you tooI've lost $12k this week and missed on $30k gains
>mfw I got memed into buying 7k link at .20

OP 420 yourself, it stops the dreams and helps you sleep.
Also get your ass laid, too much crypto will make you go blind
Dude, it's one of the best times ever.
making edibles tomorrow and I'm going to fry my brain to forget about all this shit.
that's what makes it worse because I fucked up literally in everything
.20 isn't a bad buy.
It regularly goes up and down between 16 and 21c.
The great goxxing was pretty brutal, and A LOT of shitty weeks followed afterwards..
Bleh, try losing 100k on a leverage trade in 4 hrs.
I feel like i have 10 years in a month since starting crypto.
I have black lines, bags and wrinkles under my eyes now which i have never had before and i am starting to go bald.
Anyone else feel the same?
Buy solid coins like LTC and thank me later.
July wasd the worstboth Bitcoin and alt coins crashed.
most alts still havent recovered from that month and never will
How about you fucking idiots just research the actual technology, invest in long term holds and wait?Stop gambling and filling your body with cortisol
hey bro I went all in on BCH under .10 and watched my shit mooning last weekend, went from about 9 BTC to over 30.
Failed to sell the top, watched it crash and been holding all week.
Down to about 12 BTC todaysick about it but confident we are all gonna make it
the single worst week in crypto history??????
?only if it was your first weekin an year you will say that week was awesome
Not how it works
being this new
The amount of grey in my hair is increasing exponentially.
I'm only 25, but my head's going to be totally salt and pepper by my mid thirties.
Worth it for the gains, though
yeah larping, you should be gaining not losing anything, nice try dipshit