Any swing traders out there?
I'm trying to learn some technical analysis (inb4 memes) and wanted to know if my analysis sounds about right or not.
I want to show you my thought process and then tell me what Im thinking right or wrong.
This isn't exactly the type of question I can google so please help out if u can.The coin in this example is EMC2 on Bittrex.
I'm considering taking a trade on it because I believe it bounced well off of the 1400s area and will continue upwards.
I'm looking to ride the upwards momentum for a few hours.
I missed the run up because I dont know how to scan stocks effectively, Im not sure what to look for.So, looking at a daily chart I see that this has pumped in the past, and if you compare the current top and the top that occurred late September, they look almost exactly the same.
Not a good sign for a long term hold.
(1/2)
That'll do pig, that'll do
(2/2)Next I go to the 1 hour chart.
This runup was very strong, there were 3 solid pullbacks to buy before the trend changed.
I notice strong support in the 1400s area because it has bounced twice there and also the 2nd pullback on the original runup, 11-14 06:00, topped there with a couple of doji candles.
Next I go to a 5 minute chart to find an entry.
I draw my support and resistance lines.
I want to trade with a at least a 1:1 risk reward ratio so I want my 1st profit target to be at least what I'm willing to risk.
Right now it seems to be making a bull flag.
Could be a possible entry but then again lets look at support and resistance.
There seems to be major resistance in the 1520s area up above, and where we are right now from those 2 doji candles on the daily chart.
I dont like this entry because I'd be very far away from where Im willing to stop out at which is the 1390s.
Not good to get in.
Next possible entry I would consider 1430ish.
If I got in there, that would be a good place for a bounce off 1430 forming a new higher low, and continues back to 1480 and maybe past it for a higher high.
I would enter the trade at 1431, set my stop loss at the local low of 1390, and my first profit target would be around 1480 resistance where I would sell 3/4 and adjust my stop to where I entered.
I let the other 1/4 ride and stop out below 1430.
If it doesnt stop at the resistance I will sell in the 1520s.Next and imo best entry for risk/reward ratio would right in the low 1400s, right around the bottom.
I would go in with big size because my stop is tight and just look for a retrace to 1430.
This is not very likely to happen though, triple bottoms are rare.
So those are my thoughts.
What do you guys think?please be constructive
Bump
is this a fucking joke?
Reddit is better for serious discussions like this one.
Biz is for wojak s and toilet memes.