WHATS WRONG JIHAN?
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO APPEAL TO CORE NOW?
> heh... he voices an opinion, but consensus means opinions are invalid> nice try, Jihan, us radical centrists at bitcoin core will never be influenced to do anything> "consensus doesn't work like that"> that'll keep our "bleeding edge" tech evolving by staying stagnant
y-yeah, take that b-bigblockers!!
He knows he lost but is loyal to crypto
4343741you should be watching out for falling knives rather than posting here
>tries to take over bitcoin>fails>states his opinion on how bitcoin should be runlol
Because this btc Bcc war could lead an ICE age for crypto.
This is not about gains anymore.
He knows that himself.
*spams the network autisticaly*
Stuff getting more interesting by the minute.
mfw what if bcc isn't actually a hostile takeover but as way him to get core to add bigger blocks to btc as a way of tough love.
>reverse psychology majorReally makes you think
BCH WILL NOT TOP, crypto is now being held hostage, If you care at all about it your going to choose BCH, or else the war will continue and everyone will leave.
BTC is the hostile takeover you retarded fucking newfag, by blockstream and kike banksters.BCC is the reconquering what rightfully belongs to us
claiming centrism is bad on a board that's all about free market and pragmatismA day in the life of a bcash supporter.
stop*
taking over what is already yours>kek
I love this guy, he is the Donald Trump of crypto, so many mind games with twitter.
Fucking hell i just want this shit to be over with
He shouldn't appeal to corecucks they're beyond saving fuck em!
t. fag who sucks chink dick
Some people still don´t get that he is triggering them on purpose
a board that's all about free market and pragmatismfurther evidence coreucks are off-board shills
blockstream didnt create bitcoin you fucking newfag retard
he's literally trying to save bitcoin, he knows better than anyone else that the miners can and will flip to support cash, and bitcoin will not survive when they do.
Jihan triggering peopleMore like him getting triggered at the simplest thing.https://twitter.com/whalepool/status/930074699459125248
Be ready for the longest bear market, when BCC wins
>cause drama with muh big blocks>present BCrash as solution>cancel hardfork at last moment>pump BCrash>dump BCrash for more BTC>rinse and repeat
he probably wants to dump his btc but cant because the mempool is full
>final warning to bow down and lick my boots before I blow you the fuck outThis man is fucking notorious.
I think we're actually at the point where most of us don't give a fuck about btc anymore.
It's just the gold standard for trading and all the bots / traders follow it.Ethereum & other promising alts will stay even if this dinocoin dies.
This isn't China you idiot, you don't have to be a communist or act like one.
So why hasn't anyone murdered Jihan yet?
I seriously don't get why that inbred looking chinky is still walking.
because he makes people rich?
why would you ever want to kill the miner king
How is it a bear market if you own Bitcoin Cash?
Gl taking the gamble.
Casino has even better odds than this right now.
You think you understand what is going in right now, don't you?
https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY6 blocks then we will know
Because he is scamming retards giving them hope of a Bitcoin alternative, while making more BTC in the process.
He knows he would be dead the very second he tried to actually attack BTC.
He is smart enough to not go against billonaires ready to kill you if you attack BTC.
people laughed when I said BTC and its clones would diefirst to a new sector diesunless something is built from the ground up with this use case in mind, it's impossible to fix it.bigger blocks = centralization = badsmaller blocks = 100k transaction backups = bad
He noticed that his ruse isn't working and now wants to force the public opinion to support his "big blocks" idea which will only lead to total crypto control by Chinese.
eth, asic resistant coins, etc are both decentralized AND faster than BTC
There is no one with billions of dollars worth of Bitcoin.
And even then if you ARE a BTC whale, smart money KEPT their free BCC as a hedge, what do they have to worry about?
Only dumb fishies sold theirs for a quick gratification.
Big block = centralization how?please explain yourself.
There is no one with billions of dollars worth of Bitcoin.Lurk more.
While not as bad, they won't be decentralized for long due to the existence and allure of mining pools, but eth will go proof of stake so in the case of eth the negatives of pow will no longer touch it.
he is master trole BTCers before their final death plunge


literally makes no sense
Fees are GOOD you dumb commie.
They keep pajeets out.If you can't afford fees you don't belong in bitcoin, simple as that.
And guess what, out of mempool spam scenarios like the one right now, BTC transactions are still cheap as fuck.With LN pajeets will be able to transact their sub $50 worth transactions anyway.
reddit tier meme>core cuckChecks out, enjoy your JPmorgan Lightning node btw.
Why do you like sucking miner dicks so much
Would the people who are running nodes (which makes the thing decentralized) increase or decrease if the chain was double its current size?Cannot get much simpler than that, you have to understand this time our.
im too dumb to understand it so makes no senseThis is why you are, and will remain, poor.
Everyone in TMSR are corecucks because they don't support increases of the block size.Seriously, we are going to take care of you soon.
4344483*outAgain, as simple as I can communicate.
Please show the effort to understand or just don't pick any sides if you are unable to.
Small blocks are unattackable>WE'RE UNDER ATTACK BY MINERS AND ROGERCorecucks are legit retarded
If we have big blocks, the mining will be 100% run by the farms with biggest hashpower.
They will just eat everything up.Currently China and Russia are having a "hashpower war" and only thing that's stoping one side from winning the control over BTC price are small blocks.
Store of value = getting pumped by wallstreet the only use case
average block time = 10 minutes 525960 minutes in 1 year* 52.6298 petabytes to store 5 years worth of btc blockchain2.7575451648x10^6 gigabytesonly corporations and rich people could afford to store that much data, and thats ONLY at 8mb blocks.
If BTC doesn't even have 1% of monetary transactions, how big do you think blocks will be?
but eth will go proof of stakeCompletely forgotARK is a good example toohmm where did I say fees are bad?>anyone who doesn't want to pay 10% fees with 3 day lines and 100k queues at a small scale doesn't need to be in muh shitcoinyeah sure thing buddy
nope, we get rid of asics miners
There's a difference between a fair-spread spam attack that hits everyone and a literal takeover where deliberate fluctuation of hash speed will dictate the price.
not wanting Bitcoin centralized by communists automatically means you support CoreRoger, go to bed.
i cant even get countries or people to agree on what they want to eat but i'll get them to agree to ban asicseven if you could, banning weed sure has worked, right?
are you literally new or do you mostly browse r/bitcoin?
I suggest you read some more about how Bitcoin works before you make IQ-losing posts on an Azerbaijani camel breeding board.Let me help you, Miners are the only thing that have an impact on the network.
Individual user nodes serve NO real purpose and there is a reason why they were NOT included in the original whitepaper (which Corecuck threw in the dumpster btw.
)your pajeet level meme will net you 0.08$, street shitter
4344483what's the transaction time on segwit currently?
Roger and Miners ARE LOSSING A TON OF MONEY during this attack you dumb fuck, it is a defense mechanism.If someone BOTHERED to spam attack the 8MB of blocksize on Bcrash, then guess what would happen to everyone running nodes when the blocksize grows to retarded levels.It is a simple matter of time, mempool attacks come and go, attackers become poorer, holders become stronger with each hardfork attempt.
fees are fix not in %, there are 100k queues when the network is spammed by ver and his buddy jihan
an Azerbaijani camel breeding boardFfs anon stop making me laugh I want to stay depressed.
you don't ban them, you make them useless.
ban is useless it increases demand.
muh you browse reddit>muh corecuck>muh miners rule>muh satoshi's vision
lol
Everything is fast as long as nobody uses them
please detail how individual nodes ran by "dedicated users" contribute to the network friendo.I agree scaling will be an issue in the future but at least this coin works and SegWit doesn't.
mining is heavily monopolized for years>people who cannot mine are out of the system>peer-to-peerNow try again in your native tongue, wealthy Chinaman.
Please stop posting because you are too fucking intellectually retarded.~525960 minutes per yearblock time 10 minutes-> 52596 blocks per yearassume all 8mb blocks full-> max ~420 GB / year-> max 2.1 TB / 5 years>only corporations and rich people could afford to store that much data, and thats ONLY at 8mb blocksYea you can't into maths and logic, also you can't into the fact cost of storage decreases every yearplease stop postingthank you
are you serious?he owns bitmain, he can put all his transactions in the next block if he wants toholy shit the retards in this board
eth is far from decentralised, crypto skeleton can print money to give them back to users
If BCC wins, can we just kill btc BCC and btcg.
There is literally no need for "bitcoin" to excist
He thinks big blocks don´t work.
If that was the case satoshi would have never started BTC
we need a gold standard to trade crypto, that's it

not only that, but bitmain (Jihan Wu) has ASIC BOOST to covertly gain a 30% advantage
bitcoin is the gold standard, and guess what, bch is the real bitcoinif you had any insight at all you would have known this back in july
made me check, that would have been incredible
I kek'd so hard, great find anon.
You do know that cash shills in this board literally fap to that tweet, right?
only pretending to be retarded
can satoshi have anticipated the hash power we reached today?there is one bitcoin and his name is bitcoin, no matter the propaganda, the manipulations (satoshi's vision), low blows (hard fork to parasite the hashpower, ddos attacks on exchange, network spam with low transactions) bitcoin has recovered every attacks since bch hardfork, bitcoin is here to stay
4344583Studies already confirm that raising blocks to 4MB will exclude nobody from running a node.
Also BCH is the only of the two that you can run a Raspberry Pi node for.
Because they have limited memory, which can't handle the corecuck mempool.So BCH actually provides better decentralization, retards.
do btc and bch not have the same pool of miners?
LOL of course he did
but it's fake :(
you do realize core ddosed the exchange right?
Propaganda in a whole new level.
I'm too busy with the graphs and exchanges right now but if you say so.
That made me sad though, wish it was real.Also they fap to the tweet nonetheless.
Yes, but it's about giving them less or more control.
BTC sort of gimps the super farms to prevent them from having too much of an influence on the price.Nodes are an entirely different thing and don't really have much to do with this scare.
are you guys retarded?
hes fucking trolling
Direct link for you since I know what it is to be busy:https://cash.coin.dance/blocks
 the manipulations (satoshi's vision)I don't care for BCC but the Bitcoin whitepaper envisions it as a form of decentralised peer-to-peer electronic cash, which is not possible with high transaction fees.
and i have your word on that... right?what's the point for core?
they litteraly don't give 2 shits about bch, guis are confy, wall street institutional money is coming next month, Japan as the first country adopter of bitcoin is building new minepools.
actually defending the fact that cash is traded on only one exchange>acting like it's normalYou shills shouldn't be given your money, you just do the opposite of what you're paid to do.
Thanks anon.
Miners decideNo, they do not.
The miners make some minor decisions in BTC, but major decisions such as block forks are not at their disposition alone, and this for excellent reasons you'll readily understand if you stop and think about it.There are two specific methods to control miners on this matter, which will make the scamcoin Gavin is trying to replace everyone's BTC with only replace some people's BTC.
The first and most obvious is that irrespective of what miners mine, each single full node will reject illegal blocks.
This is a fact.
If all the miners out there suddenly quit Bitcon and go mine Keiser's Aurora scamcoin instead, from the perspective of the BTC network hash rate simply dropped and that's all.
There's absolutely no difference between Keiser's scamcoin and Gavin's scamcoin as far as the network is concerned.
As far as anyone will be able to perceive, miners simply left.
The second and perhaps not as obvious has nevertheless been discussed at length on multiple occasions:Whoever has enough money to matter is likely to pick one chain for whatever reason, since fork means BTC can be spent independently on either chain he will sell his BTC on one and perhaps buy on the other.
As a result prices will rapidly diverge, panicking the mass of users, and the fork is economically resolved.The situation here is aggravated by the fact that the fork proposed is not simply nondeterministic behaviour, and so the holdings on the two chains aren't notionally equivalent.
Instead, all the holdings on the BTC chain are accepted as valid on both BTC and Gavincoin, but holdings on Gavincoin are rejected by BTC.
Consequently, everyone involved with the fork is writing options to everyone in BTC, free of charge.
That they have no ready way to finance these should be obvious, and consequently the grim prospects of the Gavin side of the fork should be just as obvious.
At least, to people who understand economy to any degree.
Bitcoin is fast enough even with current settings.
It has adopted with atms etc.
companies that not a single shitcoin has done.
It's desentralized.
There is currently nothing even close being as good as good old btc and likely never will be
yes, i agree, "a peer to peer electronic cash system", the electronic cash is not sutainable for everyday adoption (replacement of fiat), price is too volatile.
My point is satoshi's vision isn't for today, we are still in the early years, bitcoin is a tech it can evolve.
well transaction fees are excessive at the moment, let the hash power comes back to bitcoin and things might be reasonable again.
It's also not possible when big blocks would end up in peer-corporation running node with the power of censoring your transaction-peer.Conclusion: Bitcoin serves better as a digital cold, with a fiat-like solution as a second layer, but this time done right (backed by BTC).
4344922My conclusion: Buy Ethereum
or litecoin
Your outcome: not so good.
Literally all Bitcoin ATM-s in my city have been shut down.On the flipside, BCH ATM-s are in the making
.
He can easily pay the fee2.
Blocks are still happening every 10 minutes.3.
BCH blocks are coming once an hour or two.If he wants to dump his BTC, it would be trivial.
Not so much for BCH.
eth is fucking trash
chinks absolutely and utterly btfo
It's not about the blockchain, it's about network throughput.
If you need to download 8mb every 10 minutes, and also potentially upload 8mb to all of your connections (I have 45 on my node) that's an upload of potentially 360mb every 10 minutes.
If they happen to mine two full 8mb blocks back to back, it will kick a bunch of nodes out of sync.
Over time more and more nodes drop off the network.
The long term effect is a centralized blockchain and orphaned blocks and unintended forks.
45 connectionsWhy do you have so many connections?
Are you a service provider?
Unless you are the default 8 connections is enough.
That's disinformation.
To run a 'full node' you need more than 10 connections, which you get by setting up ports for more connections.
I relay and verify my own incoming and outgoing transactions, certainly worth having around.
It also helps the network decentralized, my node is equally valid as any other and has great uptime rank.
That's why it has so many connections.
Do you get proof of stake for running this node?
No.
Why would I?
Besides BTC (and BCH for that matter) is proof of work not proof of stake.
I use the node to hold only a very small balance, but I sweep and spend private keys through the software.
You guys should do what we did (knows they won't)
No, Bitcoin Cash should have never implemented replay protection and the chains would have battled to death after the split.
By naming it Bitcoin Cash it ruined the most important thing, the brand name.
Too many people see it as an altcoin at this point.
So no matter how much you and I want big blocks, it needs to happen on the main chain like 2x was supposed to, instead of this manipulative hostile takeover happening now.
Right now, if BCH wins, it will be King of nothing because the negative externalities on the whole crypto market would be too severe.Trying to get BCH to win is at this point more harm than good.
We just need to get the community to wake up and see Core for what they are
I really hope this was his intention all along
here we go
He's not appealing... motherfucker is intimidating.> make big blocks, or else...
Bcash was just a demonstration to convince no2xers.
Anyone who want crypto to succeed know that unstable currencies are bad.
Finally someone with brains
These shenanigans will only hurt crypto as a whole.
Without a stable base, mass adoption isn't possible.
if BCH wins, it will be King of nothing because the negative externalities on the whole crypto market would be too severe.this is only positive thing for small guys, more time to accumulate wealth.
Bitcoin has reached 'public awareness' levels (there's going to be a Bitcoin episode of Big Bang this month).
An event bad enough could be an extinction-level event.
Without a stable base, mass adoption isn't possible.On the flip side this will allow the potential for a better coin than both to come up and potentially take the king's space.
PoW isn't a sustainable practice already, so it's bound to die eventually
this is only positive thing for small guys, more time to accumulate wealth.This is what you say now.
But I can assure you, when the whole market crashes and bleeds out for several years, and you have lost 90% of your investment, "accumulating wealth" will be the last thing on your mind.You can't always assume the market will just rebound and hit new highs.
At some point trust may be lost for good and the damage is irreversible.
Sure, the tech is here to stay, but that doesn't necessarily mean that the investment gold rush we are experiencing today will be.
shows graph that proves in 10 years the block chain would only be 4TB if you had 8MB full blocks>calls this “retarded levels of growth”Go away you poor ass pajeet.
Even in 10 years your shitskin ass will be able to afford a 4TB drive.
I thought core said he likes the blocks small so he can easily spam and fill them up and get all the increased transaction fees from mining.
Is 8MB enough to have BCH functional long term if it does achieve its goal of being an instant transaction medium, or will they have to up the block size again?
Depends on the level of growth and new software tech.
But probably not.
core has never said that, that's ridiculous
Maybe not, but you know there is a hell of a lot more time to develop LN, sidechains, or whatever the fuck else before the 8 MB blocks fill up.
Conclusion = raise the BTC blocksize to at least 2MB = enjoy lower fees and faster transactions until the offchain solutions are ready
Because whether they increase it or don't increase it he comes out looking like the good guy.
And to anyone who does not agree.
Please tell me one single good argument to why it would be bad to do this?
The only one I can think of is>it sets a bad precedent that you can just raise blocksizeTo which I say: Bullshit!
If the offchain solutions are as good as promised then unnecessary blocksize increases are not going to have any support
I will show you, but give me a second
competes with bitcoin for the same existing mining pools>centralizedThis argument is fucking retarded and you soyboy core kikes need to drop it
4346596dammitcan't find itso nevermind, but there are good reasons!lol
Are the reasons good enough to risk killing the entire market?You know most of any BCH support would be gone the second Core announced a blocksize increase.
they won't.
they're too stubborn, it'd be admitting defeat.they'd rather you just use fiat.
also it'd establish a precedent that all you have to do to make changes to btc is spam the network like what jihan and friends have been doing.
This ugly chink is obsessed with BIG BLOCKS because Chinese scum all have SMALL COCKS.
nobody's killing the entire marketyou must be new herethis has literally happened at least 5 times already.Stop believing the FUD you hear here
they're too stubbornthis is the problem yeah>also it'd establish a precedent that all you have to do to make changes to btc is spam the network like what jihan and friends have been doing.well at least it is more expensive to spam with 2mb.
And people have been wanting this change for a long time, this spamming is a rather new phenomena
The ethereum flippening wasn't that long ago and look what happened with an actual good idea.
The only thing BCash has going for it is that it has Bitcoin in its name... there are a ton of alts that are better currencies.If BTC goes down quickly, panic will ensue and the total market cap will suffer as everyone retreats to fiat.
Forget new money since most people already think the market is too volatile.
It will be like 2013-2015 all over again.
Pretty sure I have been here longer than you.
My point is the whole attack could be killed in 1 second if someone would just swallow their pride.
After that nobody would care about Jihan, Ver or BCH anymore...except maybe the "segwit is evil" extremists
The ethereum flippening wasn't that long ago and look what happened with an actual good idea.Yeah this is true, but it is not the same situation>ETH had no intention of ever attacking BTC>ETH did not share hashpower with BTC>Most people like ETH unlike BCH>It will be like 2013-2015 all over again.My point exactly
For the record I agreed with most of your previous points.
The market is healthiest with a stable BTC price and those moments are few and far between nowadays.
The forks and attacks will be driving away new interest and the instability will drive people to fiat until things stabilize... of course pump and dumpers will always play with their shitcoins.
Exactly.
This market has been a massive pain in the ass lately.
Maybe good for traders who only care about volatility, but stressful and annoying for anyone else
YOU FUCKING IDIOT I'M TIRED OF RETARDED BITCOINERS, NODES IN BITCOIN DOT SECURE THE NETWORKNODES IN BITCOIN DO NOT SECURE THE NETWORKNODES IN BITCOIN DO NOT SECURE THE NETWORKNODES IN BITCOIN DO NOT SECURE THE NETWORKGO USE SOMETHING LIKE MONERO IF YOU WANT YOUR USELESS NODE MINING AND CONTRIBUTING TO THE NETWORK IN A MEANINGFUL WAY NODES IN BITCOIN DO NOT SECURE THE NETWORKFUCKING RETARDEDS AND THEIR RASPIBERRY PI NODES
Eth is trashBCH is a flash in the pan
centralize nodes in the hands of (((corporations))) with this one weird big blocksize trickPlease red this you redditard:Then go to bed, Roger.
Because he benefits from both Core and Cash being successful.Now Cash is going to be the ...Cash, he doesn't need to worry about that any more.
Corecoin can be digital gold.
Both can coexist.
He can get richer.
the drama of a hardfork is worth enough raising the blocksize to 2mbYou didn't learn anything from fail2x didn't you?I use BTC as a savings account and I can transact whenever Roger isn't spamming the network just fine.
Now fuck off Gavin.
The 8MB could be filled up at any given time with spam attacks, which would clutter the nodes.
>psychology majorHe is saying it to ensure it doesn't happen.
It's not about securing the network, it's about accepting or rejecting blocks mined by miners.
Lol, you big blockers...
Right anon, buy a shitcoin then
pretty soon you won't have any blocks to accept or reject :^)
THATS WHAT THEY DON'T GETI'M FUCKING TIRED OF THESE 2 BIT NEURONS IDIOTS FROM PLEBBIT AND THEIR RASPIBERRY PIS AND STUPID HATSI HOPE ALL MINERS GO TO BITCOIN CASH TOGETHER WITH BITPAY AND THE INFRASTRUCTURE SO ALL THEY HAVE LEFT IS THE HOPE OF SCAMMING WALL-STREETFAT CHANCE RETARDEDS
GET FUCKED CHINK!
get fuct faggot thanks for more btc on that mega pump n dump
But if Core initiated it there would be minimal drama, don't you think?>You didn't learn anything from fail2x didn't you?98% sure that whole thing was just a long con by Jihan and the cartel, was never going to happen in the first place.The 8MB could be filled up at any given time with spam attacks, which would clutter the nodes.Why has BCH not been attacked?
Anyway I never suggested 8, only 2mb
Bigger blocksize means bigger centralisation.Of course that jewchink would want that, especially now that his chink monopoly on mining is about to be broken by Japan.Fuck you jewchink.
idk if you've ever spent your coins, but transaction fees higher than those of paypal and credit cards removes precisely the biggest selling point
If Bitcoin can be crippled by """spam""" it's a pretty shit invention and has already failed.
(But hint: if you pay you are not spam by definition in a free market.
Anything else is some kind of freeloading socialism)
It's not crippled.
How often do you move gold?
Hodlers are unaffected.
And even under attack, Bitcoin is a million times better to move than gold.
The fact that your dumb ass calls it a failed invention means you are and will continue being poor.Attackers are lossing money so let them lose money.
But if Core initiated it there would be minimal drama, don't you think?No, because contrary to what you read on reddit, the biggest whales aren't pro Core or pro-Roger Ver, and without consensus with all the biggest stakeholders your coin is going to get dumped into oblivion.The fact that Bitcoin is so hard to mutate is a feature, otherwise any jackass could tell people "here is how you get fast and cheap transactions, buy my fork and call it Bitcoin" and get away with it.Why has BCH not been attacked?
Because you don't need to waste money doing so, it will fall by itself.
so that he has TWO scalable bitcoin chains that he can crash and mine, crash and mine, crash and mine....
FUCKING IDIOTECONOMIC ILLITERATECORE COCK-SUCKERTHERE IS A REASON GOLD IS WAY LOWER IN MC THAN EVEN THE USDITS BECAUSE ITS USED LESSBITCOIN HAS NO TANGIBLE VALUE THUS THE NETWORK VALUE CAN QUICKLY GO TO BITCOIN CASH, AS IT WILL, LEAVING YOU HOLDING YOUR USELESS CORE COIN FOREVER BECAUSE YOU WONT BE ABLE TO MOVE IT
yes, rage more :D
Why has BCH not been attacked?
Anyway I never suggested 8, only 2mbBecause it's irrelevant.
Not even trolling.
Looool, this guy.
Holy shit, lmao.
w-we like it when bitcoin is a-attacked, t-they are l-losing money, n-not me!!
Holy fuck I still don't know why anyone would support Core.
Is this their best argument?
BCH can't top btc, just think about it.
Rodger Ver is one whale who can dump btc.
There are dozens of whales with btc fortunes in the 10s and 100s of million who can dump the bcc they got when it forked to gut any flippening.Group B know that if btc dies, crypto adoption dies, so you think they would just sit there and watch their golden ticket get fucked by some salty Jihan?
Biggest stacks are like 100k, at 7500 a pop that's only $0.75b.
U r rite.
load up on BCC>spam Bitcoin forums urging people to not adopt increased blocksize & that Bitcoin will recover>watch BCC skyrocket & flippening ensue while Bitcoinfags blow their life savings
Which is exactly what my post implied, which I know, because I used to use bitcoin as much as possible when it was still usable.No, because contrary to what you read on reddit, the biggest whales aren't pro Core or pro-Roger VerSo you are saying that they are opposed to a blocksize increase?
Source?
And btw, Jihan and Roger are definitely counted among the biggest whalesBut I find it hard to believe that Blockstream would not prove a point that it can be spammed as well by doing so, if it was actually true.
They can't get their BTC onto exchanges though.
It's already too late - death spiral has begun.
The miners aren't stupid, they've planned their operations to make sure BCH succeeds, and they get maximal profits from it, while ousting competing financial powers.
Deep down Jihan is a BTC maximalist.
He plays all these games to accumulate more BTC before Japan starts full-scale mining with superior chips.
Actually being this retarded in 2017.Jesus ChristWhales will pay to sell the texts fee to move btc if they had to, just because the network is clogged as all fuck doesn't mean you can't move if your a whale you have a metric shitload of coins by definition
Enjoy those bags salt king
tries to run for president>fails, as we are evaluating his success/failure one minute into his announcementreally wordsnaps my brainsnizzle
I have a question can you change the block size with out a hard fork if all the miners vote to change the block size?
It doesn't sound like a request.
It sounds like a threat.
"Strongly urging" someone sounds very different when you have been attempting to collapse their livelihood the last couple days.
As a matter of fact, I have made money, by buying every dip for years, it's you retards lossing it on shitcoins that lose your moon tickets.
Which is exactly what my post implied, which I know, because I used to use bitcoin as much as possible when it was still usable.Because nobody used it retard.
0 conf transactions were never supposed to be trusted, meanwhile scammers like Roger Ver claim otherwise.Jihan + Ver aren't shit compared to anti fork whales, lurk more.