If you own any eth you are supporting the abuse of children
Whatever, so long as it makes Ethereum rise and it seems like it does.
thanks bought another 100k eth
ETH MOON
I am happy to hear that.Time to sell my Iota at a profit and buy Ethereum.
Daily reminder that if you own any bitcoins you are literally supporting the abuse of children, and not just an autist who compares possessing CP to possessing controlled substances.
does that mean we should all in ETH or what???
Yes pedos are the future and biz is always wrong
DRUGS ARE EQUAL TO CHILD PORN AND ITS PROPAGATIONI knew Vitalik was retarded but he continues to surprise me.
As long as ETH hits 1K by end of 2018 I don't care.
Vitalik is a pedophileJust bought 100k
You knew he has AIDS, right?He takes cocktail of AIDS pills.
source?
Anon's ass.Geddit?
My source is his face.
Look at his face and tell me he has no aids.Be honest with me.
LOL I screenshot this when I saw it on their IG Live, it was fucking hilarious
Doesn't the bitcoin blockchain have actual CP on it though?
Jesus look at that bottom mid picture.
someone lock him up and throw away the key
This to me is obviously the result of AIDS.
Or he's using crack.
He is SLAV!Slavs look like this.
Who needs CP on blockchain when TOR and Freenet are safer and works just fine?
If that's bait, well done.Otherwise you make my head hurt.
Slav is another name for canadian?
I'm a slav living in slavic country and this dude he is like an alien
What country?
Canada?
You racis!Leave lil Vitalik alon!
Canada is asian, not slav.
Exactly, I don't see why people are blind (or chose to be blind) to this FACT.
Eth haters are the best.
It's like, "Here is the best solution to what we have looked for, LETS TRASH IT!"
reminder that pedophiles are successful person
Can't stop the train, btc fags.
>trying to FUD money skeleton.
almost 2018>pedophobicget with the times you fags
OP is bitterly FOMOing at this evening's events.Congrats, ETH bros!
Shut up pajeet
Undeniably morally fucked.Still not definitive proof of pedo.IrregardlessI have all I need to reject this degenerate
Brave new times and ETHs price reflects peoples stance on braving sexuality limits.