Q: Any USA partnerships updates?
A: None yet to announce, but a few irons in the fire.Q: The UK has many areas with a severe energy crisis.
Family members reported dying at home from not being able to turn the heating on.
Reported this week on mainstream news television stations.
Is there any potential for UK proposition A: I just met with a community energy provider from Bramley to discuss a trial of P2P in UK.
Early days tho.Q: Hi, do you have any plans to market PL to the general public?
A digital marketing campaign would be good to drum up some interest in the project and reach more people (outside of crypto).
Thanks A: Yes!!
In the worksQ: I live in Thailand.
Do you have plan to setup here?
A: We have a Thai power company visiting us in Perth next week!Q: Hi team, can u discuss how the Electronic Vehicle charging station on the blockchain is going and if still going to be out before end of the year??
A: The hardware is being tested and we hope to have announcements in the next few weeks.
A: More will be out on this topic too.
Stay tuned!Q: Any plans on working with the UN?
Particularly on SDGs 7 and 11?
A: I was in Bonn yesterday.
SDG7 is my mantra!
(Dave)Q: Are you considering strategic partnerships with hardware manufacturers?
A: Yes.
We have already partnered with Landis and GyrWhat is Landis+Gyr?Landis+Gyr, is a publicly listed, multinational corporation with 45 companies in over 30 countries and headquartered in Zug, Switzerland.
Landis+Gyr is the global industry leader in metering solutions for electricity, gas, heat/cold and water for energy measurement solutions for utilities.
(Wikipedia)Get in or stay poor.
This is from the last AMA
You have to be absolutely delusional at new heights if you actually come to this board and FUD POWRSpastic linkies and chong coin bag holders will soon have their arms ripped clean off and those who recognise the perfect use case coin will rise to eternal gloryPOWR to the people
 billion token supplyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhahahahahahahahahhahhh
4445581explain to me how the fuck a shitcoin can give electricity to some cunt in UK who can't afford bills
intentionally being this retarded
whats the answer smart guy
Explain it.The only "energy crisis" I see is the migrant bullshit, and the draconian EU regulations.
Fuck POWR I'd rather stay poor.
People that own solar panels sell it to the poor plebs for a cheaper price than retail electricity.
yeah but nothing to do with this coin
So go buy it without the solution this token offers.
Jesus, people on biiz...just go with link and dgb