Anyone here have any money invested in a vanguard life strategy fund?
No, but I've checked them out.
The concept makes good sense.
Have you ever said nigger to a black person's face?
I have.
Numerous times.
dumb edgelord
Raised in a small town in the deep south.
>current year>still no niggers allowedFeels good.
The concept of what?
I assumed you were talking about something like one of their targeted retirement 20XX funds.
The concept I'm talking about is a fund that rebalances occasionally based on a decreasing risk tolerance as you approach retirement.
I'm talking about these1) Vanguard Balanced Index Fund Investor Shares (VBINX) ER 0.19%;2) Vanguard LifeStrategy Growth Fund (VASGX) ER 0.15%; or3) Vanguard zone LifeStrategy Moderate Growth Fund (VSMGX) ER 0.14%.
My bad.
I've seen these three, but haven't paid any attention to them.
Why would you want those?Are you 70 years old?Go 100% equities.
You want something 4-5 on their risk scale.
Go 100% equities.
You want something 4-5 on their risk scale.Says the kid who has never seen the markets do anything but go up.
OP, these funds are generally a "scam".
If you are young, your better off going 100% equities until around 40-50, at which point you'll want to switch to 70-30 equities-bonds.
Once you reach retirement, start reducing the weight of equities, and shift more towards bonds.
The reason I say these funds are a "scam" is that they generally are a low thought funds.
Your essentially sacrificing returns in exchange for not having to think about your individual investing needs.
Also, these funds tend to have higher fees than passive equity funds, but again you don't have to think when you use these target date funds.
I can go on if you want to learn more about them
Your a fucking moron lad.
If you understood finance, you would know that he is right and you are wrong.
Basically, there is no point in this anon even responding because you are uneducated
VTI or nothing
Says another kid who has never seen the markets do anything but go up.
I'm not going to argue with you.
You have no clue and that's final.
Me and the other anon know what we are talking about, and you don't.
Why don't you fuck off to some PnD scam

VTSAX young niBBasafest place to park your life savings
Are you retarded?
this, hard to go wrong with VTSAX.
I have a small amount in a similar bond fund (VTBLX?)
but mostly VTSAX.
my IRA is 100% VASGX yes
What about USA 500?