How do i tell my mom that i wan't to quit school and becoma a crypto daytrader ?
when you're actually good at this and make enough profits to support yourself.until then you don't deserve it.
"I wan't to quit school and becoma a crypto daytrader"
If you can't even spell "want" I think you should stay in school and stay away from investing in anything lol.
ask her for money before you do that, then throw it all on chainlink
kys grammar naziwho gives a shitalready balls deep in link
sell link buy ZAP ftw
You're 9 months too late idiot
Just tell her, she has probably already accepted you as a complete failure.
4365395holy shit you will fail miserably.
Better go back to school kid.
Once you got a stable income you can play with your internet money
Gregory, this is your mom.
I am SO sick of you whining about school!!
After I carried your body for 9 months, after I divorced your dad so you could go to college, this is how you repay me??
You are SO done!
Pack up your things because I am cutting you off!
This summer when you came home, you left NASTY PORN on the computer and your SISTER found it.
After all of this, combined with your failing grades and the letter I got from the college about your academic suspension, YOU AR'E DONE
Lead by telling her that your true self is a genderqueer axolotl-kin, and then that you're changing your major gender studies and that you hope for a career in nonbinary furry community organizing.
Then tell her the next day that you were just confused, but you're dropping out to daytrade digital tulips.
She'll be relieved by the news.
pajeet memes are so shitty i can smell them from hereback to the designated with you
43653244365324This is the only correct answer.
LOL I just came back from holidays and decided I'm making enough to not work and just daytrade / week trade / long term hold with coins that pay dividends.My mum knows I just trade and doesn't give a fuck.....24 here and living in my own home anyway so I'm already financially okay.
She actually regrets not giving me money 3 years ago when i asked her.Have money in crypto, stocks investments paying dividends, banks (to live off while i wait for gains) and will rent out my back bungalo to asians to pay for my mortgage.
I can live EZPZ
>current state of /biz
wan't
When it becomes an issue of not hurting her feelings rather than asking for permission.
Newfag doesn't know what day trading isBCH swings so wildly every day this week you can make a killing day trading it even if you hate the coin
drop out and become full time daytrader™ >ride a BCH swing for a few days>pink wojak for the rest of eternity>apply at mcdonalds
If you're not consistently pulling in on average $10K USD a trade, and if you're net worth is sub 500K don't even think about it kid.
If anything asking prematurely will make her distrust you with the little money you already have, and there goes your allowance.