Buying future retirement at a solid discountFeeling pretty comfy :-)
So comfy
nothing is happening with this shit for the next couple months, and bitcoin is going to pump even higher fucking this shit up.
come suck my dick while i im waiting patient on my retirement 5 years is soon enough you piece of shit
and how much, truthfully have you actually put in.
If its less than 50k, you're not going to be retiring anytime soon.
I only just cracked 100 and I'm feeling comfy
literal shitcoin
You can suck my dick for sats when your investment fucks you up the ass.
im not you going all in , in 1 project i made enough with BTc already that i can make you my slave .
OMG is my endgame and ill be set for life
I have 100 but it's not doing much.
Their 2018 roadmap looks great but well... we'll have to wait I guess.
Sorry man I cost more than the measly $2 it costs to shag your mother.
Yeah it will be your endgame, and you'll be set up for life when I pay you sats to suck my dick.
not buying OMG of the West for under 1000K sats.
I put 30% of mymoney into OMG without knowing what it is, I know that's a meme but it's true.
Pity.
You could be buying mad gains ON THE VERY SOON by buying $NULS
It is a worthy investment.....
people don't believe yet wait for after the fork and all the fomo buyers.
Everex to shit on this coin in the coming months
Nobody actually knows what OMG is or does.
4245862https://medium.com/@jgrandsenne/the-definitive-omisego-beginners-guide-f95dcdf8635cJust read this.
unless it can steal omise's customers then it literally does not matter in the slightest what everex doesthats the true beauty about omg.
it doesnt have to compete with anything else.
But can you explain it in your own words?
4245877Guess not.
been holding this since august, 460 omg, bought in at $5, bit salty i didnt sell at $14 and buy back in now but hey.
Not long now until Bitcoin's price will fall.
The alts prices won't immediately pump when it happens though
this is the dumbest investment community.
anyone with more than 2 brain cells can see that OMG is one of the best investments for 2018.
4245954>pls spoonfeed meFuck off retard.
>tfw only 407 OMGWill that be enough to make it?
The information is readily available, but you cannot explain in your own words what OMG is all about.
GOOD ONE