desu senpai if everyone is trying to get out of tether you know what's going to happen to BTC right?Thats right.
over 10k within a few hours.
the exact opposite of what the original tether fudders wanted.
Wouldn't this mean people backing out of tether into normal coins... Like btc?
BTC pumping was one of the scenarios bitfinexed proposed.
thats my point.
btc is now going to go up fast.
you're right, but will it dip more first?
Except buying requires a seller.
You can't pump BTC with tether if nobody is willing to buy your tether with BTC.
Okay I'm going to sleep with BTC, goodluck anon.
alright lads get very comfy 10k here we come.
But then who would care because the tethers are fraudulent?
the tether on exchanges determines btc's price.
if less people are willing to sell for say 8000 worth of tether, btc will go up higher and higher.
is this gonna kill alts for the rest of the week?
:(
yep sell them to me for popcorn.
And yet in reality, everything is tanking.Sell to fiat is the only way to be safe.
So the price of tether will drop.
Sure someone might buy a bitcoin with 9000 tether but on fiat it will still be 8000
if you are a short term moon rocketeer, yesif you are buying on the BTC spikes and Zen Master Hodl you are buying the fud dip.
The central banks are here, fill up with krill now before the whales eat it all.
selling alts for microwaved bitcorn
So where do I really sell into fiat without paying out of my ass?
Newfags, did you know people panicked bought Bitcoin at mtgox as their usd was scam and insolvent and the only way to get anything out of mtgox was though Bitcoin?
Same story now.
moon rocketeerI'm more of a Mariana trench LINK diver, don't even know why i asked senpai
how do i get a scanner?
godspeed
Mariana trench LINK diver
fuck the block chain, i'm giving IOTA a shot in case people start learning about the tangle in larger numbers.
It was flirting with 1 USD last night and I bet it will get back there+ by EOY
I took your advice and bought back into BTC... it instantly fucking went down $100.
I am official quiting for the day.
I can't take it anymore.
I've lost 30% of my portfolio $1,400 because of /biz/ This is the worst day of trading I've had.
Every single trade has instantly failed.
I hope your right anon, I almost killed myself when I almost lost it all on leverage.
me too i lost $100
you're wrong.
so few of us can sell to real usd now that it would be very difficult to lower the usd price of bitcoin, as there would only be a few people dumping to it.
NO WHY IS IT DROPPING AHHHHH
4478855I did nothing and lost %25I'm going to go against /biz/ wizdom and try to buy low sell highShopping time>KMD>IOTA>OMGI WAS NOT READY!
No you're wrong asshole.
You should shut the fuck up and delete this thread.
You just lost everyone money.
anon the price is the same or above what it was when i posted this.
you bch are shit at this.
Price will increase in USDT ONLY you retard.
I already went into the Alts and got murdered.
I'm going
you're a fudder, and lying, price is up from where it was.
try harder.
there WILL be buyers though, the less there are the higher the price.
for example, I would buy at 15k usdt hoping that those will still be worth 15000$ after the fud
I would literally kill you right now if in the same room.
and the fud is short term seeing as the statement on their site not only confirmed tether is backed by usd and redeemable at any time in writing, but that this whole event is a certain number of tether stolen which are now marked and cant be accepted or traded.literally, plan is this.
hold btc, people panic and sell tether for btc, btc price goes up to 10k or above, tether event over and legit and btc still at 10k.
so errr whos buying tether?
why wont tether.io buy its own tether
have you tried redeeming your tether?
buying at the ATH
Wheres your rally to 10k faggot?
if you sell at a loss here you are a truly terrible trader.
most traders cant even sell at the moment as they dont have access to a fiat/btc market.hilariously stupid, these tether trashing bch flippening shills are.
then you didnt lose anything.
jesus.
keep bumping shill.come back tomorrow and thank me too if you got into btc now because btc price is going up.
how am I a tether trashing bch flippening shill though?
You hysterical bitch.
No offense but, are you some kind of brown subhuman ?
Maybe a kike ?You sound like one.
I'm a Nazi... are you a virgin white liberal from California?You can see my last comment here  → with the 400x400 image
Ok I'm all in BTC
I was 1/2 - 1/2 between btc and eth for safety.
But lets see how btc rides up.
went all BCH, at worst I'll lose few thousands
Tether wasn't hacked.
This is their exit scam.Bitfinex'd has been trying to warn you for weeks and you just called it FUD.Here's how they get away with it>print $31 million of tether out of thin air.>print another amount of tether backed by USD, having some legitimacy>don't allow anyone to withdraw USD>use the tether to buy bitcoin>people with tether are hosed once you run out of real USD>eventually the exchange won't be solvent so they say they "it was stolen"Protip: this means the bitcoin bubble will pop, not go up.Unfortunately alts will suffer as well
power ledger is hammering up now.
just cancel your short, kid
Every single fucking time.... god dammit!
4479653
call out a scam in advance>"whoops we lost your tethers sorry">still can't figure out its a scam
Don't worry anon I brought into neo when everyone was hyping it and lost 30k.
POWR showing some resistance.
Might go up 5% more...
jesus chris with this powr shilling fuck off.
Bitfinexd has been "trying to warn us" since he sold his entire stack of btc at $1000
you bought in at a pump.... you gotta buy when it drops, like how it hit 7800 just a few hours ago
God damn, I'm never selling this damn coin.
Make me a million mommy!
I only have one monitor...
I have to click back and forth 5-6 tabs to keep up to date... you can't always do that.POWR has a lot of volume... most of the time you can still catch it like I did...
I made a quick 4% profit.
Now I'm out in BTC again
Back to 8k, Hope you broke Nigs bought the dip.
Its gonna crash once insolvency on the exchanges hit.
Jump out to fiat ASAP.Cashed out at coin base an hour ago.
Will probably hit low 7000s when we wake up.
Then buy more?
Hahhahahahhahahhahaa Shitty trader HahahhahahahahhahhahaLoooooooooser!
I'm smiling at your losses Hahhahahaahhahahahaha
All hail OP, hero of the republic of /biz/!
HAHAHAAHAHAHAAHH!
FUCK YEAH!!!!!!
!DIE BITCH DIE!!!!!!!!
Hahahahhaha fuck you faggot.
I'm actually a witch doctor in Africa and I'm gonna cast a spell so your mom dies in her sleep tonight.
Lol you only changed to holding after OP berated you enough.Some actual advice: you’re maybe too emotional for trading.
Calm down a bit.
hahahahahhahahahaahaha I already knew you were a nigger based off your nigger post!
My sisters a powerful Witch and she said your mother will die in her sleep tonight.She put a block on your curse and reversed it.hahahahaha fuck you faggot, and your dead mother.YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That chart is POWR you fucking retard.
You sound like you're the sensitive type.
I doubt you'd make a good trader.
I've traded for 8 years, believe me you're not cut out.
> he saved Tether

NO ONE WANTS YOUR SHEETY TETHER
That's exactly what is happening.
People are leaving Tether and buying as much BTC as they can.
People saying BTC will crash are retarded.
Buying a Bitcoin ATH is just buying the dip in advance.