Congratulations on your gains, just please remember than during the last BCH pump exactly the same thing happened, including the second place on CMC, and lots of people got bamboozled, left with heavy BCH bags, and the previous ATH was easier to sell than this one could be.Please bros, just be wary.
I understand that many of your are new, but keep in mind that BCH has fucked lots of people over on the past.
this time it's different, btc will slow down to a halt on monday and become unusable
This time is not different.
BCH is a fork that will be forgotten.
This is all fabricated.
OP has words to the wise.
4310048These people won't listen.
They don't realize this whole hash power play and this pump has happened in the past.
History is just gonna repeat itself.
BTC is and will always be king.
btc will slow down to a halt on monday and become unusablePeople were literally saying that last time too
BTC had twice as many unconfirmed transactions back then.
Theres nothing to slow down though.
The BCH network only handles a couple thousand transactions a day.
come here if you want to talk pumps https://discord.gg/UaxaW3J
BCH is bitcoin
this time it's differentUh yah
last time this happened btc had 32+ hour transactions at $5 fees
Yes, we've all heard it before, a few months ago.
Even miners got all switched to BCH but then switched back after a day because there was no activity in the BCH chain, did we get to this step already this time?
But what were the volumes at that time??
The BCH network only handles a couple thousand transactions a day.Exactly this!BTC suffers massively when miners leave; BCH just doesn't care when miners leave.
Is it too late to jump in now?I've been in and out of this bitch since yesterday.
I have a feeling that it could go to $2k but there could be a big correction (or dump) after that.What happens after (or before) the BCH fork?
Will the chinks dump hard?
... Because it's dead?
Of course you don't need infrastructure if you're not going to use it any way.
Or were you sarcastic?
Join Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%
It was a good run from 500 to 1500 but now it's just crazy, too unsafe imo.
Can someone please explain what will happen to BCH difficulty after the fork?
Thanks
Yeah that's what I'm thinking.I'm not gonna be greedy then, couldn't sleep well while gambling.
I put together a highly detailed infographic for you.
Hope this helps
sorry, i'm new, how do i read this?
fuck off with this bullshit
Couple hours before the fork, BCH EDA will kick in and BTC will be more profitable to mine.
No idea if miners will move or not, I think many will.
But a couple of hours later, BCH new diff algo will kick in and stabilize to 10min blocks really fast, regardless of hashrate fluctuations.
Can bitcoin survive without margin shorts?