What was your excuse again?
uhh im not a fucking genius u retard
lol neither is he
My IQ is sub 100
my excuse is that there are more then 7 billion people on the planet and everyone can't be geniusi'm basically taking one for the team by being a failure
I am not a richfag.
Yes he is.
He isn't a math genius, but he is very smart, and he is an organizational and persuasive genius.
And honestly I have no excuse which is why I am working my ass off and sky high plans to change the whole world.
no excuses desuHe's smart but intelligence alone doesn't bring success.
He works his ass off with every one of his projects.
The difference between him and some autistic genius here is that he puts his energy towards something productive.
>What's your excuse?I'm not into findom.
He knows how to talk and bullshit, the same as any person in charge of a company.Stop holding him up on a pedestal like he wants you to.
So why didn't he persuade his bullies into not bullying him?
Musk didn't do shit.
It was Peter Thiel with his CIA and In-Q-Tel connections that made musk relevant.
If In-Q-Tel AKA CIA was the only VC investing in Peter Thiel's projects(Palantir, Facebook, PayPal).
Musk was just lucky being friends with Thiel at the right time and moment.
He ditched that succubus by the wayLiterally /ourguy/
Because life is like a shitty MOBA game.
Bullies are strong early game but autists like Elon Musk need to farm first before they can even stand up for themselves.
Has a fucking hot chick has billions has vision has HUGE companieswhy you hating on him?
Because you're a teenager blinded by dollar signs
teenager>blinded by dollar signskek absolute salt for rich people, why are you even in biz if you are not in this game for the money?
You think Musk let Thiel into his boi pucci?
There had to be some tension during those cold Palo Alto nights...
TeenagerI think your the teenager for not being man enough to give a man credit for hard work and succes
This is why you're a loser, it's because you play MOBA games and need them to understand reality.
Stop playing videogames.
No, my point is that all these big silicon valley startups like PayPal, Facebook and Palantir were founded/financed by Thiel and In-Q-Tel.
Basically, back in the 00's if you were working on startups with Thiel you'd be guaranteed to become a billionaire.
Musk was lucky enough to be working on PayPal with Thiel.
tfw the extremely aggressive marketing tactics of Thiel and YCombinnator are going to make me fucking rich with $10 Req
I'm not surprised.
This desu
EM is the world's biggest welfare queen.
Having government contracts and running a cutting edge tech/car company is not the same thing as being a welfare queenFuck off back to /pol/ you hick
Seconding this
The man does nothing.
All this accomplishments are done by his employees he simply is just a face for investors.
He's literally using tax money.
>success is judged by the whore sitting next to youYeah noI'll have considered myself to have "made it" when I have a passive income stream of $60-75k a year, can travel wherever I'd like, have a comfy home base, and an intelligent qt woman to love and share my life with
you don't need a woman to make it, having an elite woman doesn't mean you made it>i'll finally make it when i have a qt and intelligent woman to share my wealth withkill yourself you deluded fucking retard
you realize shes using him for his money right
Women aren't "elite," retard.
There's no such thing as an "elite" woman.
I want a humble, smart and cute girl who's loyal.
Not a whore who digs for gold.
there's no such thing as elite women>i want the top 1% of womenyeah you know unless you wifed up with one of thsoe types of women in high school or early college they aren't going to look at you twice if you don't have a lot going for you in life, money included.
I want a humble, smart and cute girl who's loyalAnd I want magical powers, anon
This was what I needed to inspire me to finally pull the triggerThank you anon
LOLPutting your faith and trust in (((people)))good fucking luck with that
tfw you couldn't trust people so you put all your faith and trust in altcoinskill me
faith and trust in altcoinsSeems like you already killed yourself.You deserve it for forsaking the king.
how cute you believed your parents fairytales?World is changing ,AS a bitch your born lucky and pretty , as a man your born Smart and a hussler or a chad those 2 are the alpha from nowpeople getting more efficient , love is not efficient.If you dont believe what i stated your a cuck and will learn the hard lesson when your wife is fucking one the types above
This, it's retarded to waste money on a cunt when this money could be invested and pay for artificial wombs.Pursue money, then have millions of children, anons.
Make literal children-producing factories, m80s
If you dont believe what i stated your a cucknuh uh, girls will like me for who I am and not my bank account.I'll also get any job I want by walking up to a potential boss and giving him a firm hand shake
You can be a hussler and a chad while still enjoying Love.
Love is not inefficient, don't make the mistake of assuming this because you make bad partner choices and don't know how to play relationship game.
And he's putting it to good use.
love doesn't exist thoughIf she likes you because you're rich, it's because money = resources = higher survival chance and reproductive success chances.If she likes you because you're cool, it's because "cool" is just a proxy for socially acceptable, which means more safety and power within a group of people.
More safety and power = higher survival chance and reproductive success Life is just one big power game
Then do a quickie every other lunch with Tyrone, because you are stable, but oh so boringWagecuck...
Why do you guys love this picture of him with the woman.
If anything it makes him look weak.
Look how she rests her arm on him, like he's a piece of furniture.
She is is using him as a tool quite literally.
My excuse?
I lack charisma and am generally not good at flirting with women - more especially the hipster qts that I like4308704>falling for the Elon Memesk is a Genius memeCome on Anon, DYORBamYeah because no other industry takes advantages of tax subsidies ever>ISHYGDDT
He also dumped her ass.
What is your point?
He was a virgin loser like most of this website, and managed to turn himself into a billionaire Chad