When will IOTA and the Tangle make BTC, ETH, LTC, etc.
and the Blockchain obsolete?Why are you neckbeards still wasting your time and money on Blockchain based coins?
starting next summer.
lift off begins when they turn off the central coordinator; when there's enough network traffic to run without it.
they won't cuz the devs are childish morons.
in shallah
when it actually worksbased on my analysis of the project, this will never happenit exists solely to siphon money from pseudo-intellectuals (edgy neckbeards), primarily on reddit
this is the next stepget in now
based on my analysisi hope your next study is regarding the toilet, pajeet.
if you could figure out how to use it that would be great.
wishful thinking though, it'll never happen.
Regardless of where you are on the internet; any time IOTA gets discussed objectively, the IOTA bagholders will arrive and shitpost it into oblivion.Case in point.Once the IOTA cultists discover a negative comment, they notify their brethren so they can "refute" the post (using only ad hominems) until nothing else gets discussed.
Occasionally, the developers appear and threaten to sue everyone.At the end of the day, the IOTA cultists will say it was a victory over white supremacy.
Then it will get swept under the rug on all IOTA channels.
They will ban anyone who mentions what actually took place.Shortly afterwards, the devs will write a lengthy blog post detailing their heroic struggle against hate and intolerance.
The IOTA cultists will celebrate another victory for their shitcoin, while everyone else is left scratching their heads.The IOTA internet gestapo NEVER sleeps.
Their crusade won't end until EVERYONE takes their shitcoin seriously.If you encounter an iotie, just smile and give them encouragement.
Tell them it will all be ok.
It's not worth causing an incident.
IOTA AKBARIOTA AKBARIOTA AKBAR
regardless of where you are on the internet, you'll never see a picture of pajeet using the potty.
Here they come!
Every single time this guy sets himself up to be called a faggot or pajeet or whatever then busts out the copy pasta Nice try pajeet
100% of supply created by centralized org>broken wallet>unstable network>unusable without central coordinator>""""open source"""">experimental buggy cryptography>intentional bugs in code>retard devs>reddit tribalism>news/updates are mainly about new advisers>"so much FUD, bitcoin supporters are scared"
his name is pajeet and he shits on a street.
Can't the devs literally lock your wallet for arbitrary reasons?
Keep proving my point, idiotLet me guess; you "invested" in this "project" (shitcoin) because you believed in its cutting edge (nonexistent) technology?Maybe you should try bitconnect instead.
It's right up your alley.It has a cutting edge (nonexistent) algorithmic trading bot, but unlike iota, they know how to market!You must be VERY deludedIn fact, you're definitely deluded, without a doubt.You are quite deluded, indeed.
thank you, come again.
David?
Is that.you?Did you wander out of your little reddit shitcoin haven in search of people to sue for saying mean words about your project?
You know in America, words are legal, right?