Cant decide here.
every hour you wait the price goes up by 25$
me neither, so I'm 50/50 right nowi.e.
almost 10:1 bch to btc but worth the same in fiat
im already all in baby, im more afraid of being just'd.
wait for dip and buy p.s.
don't go full retard
Why is Bitcoin cash Pumping?
wats the news?
sigwit failed.
Come on man it has been on the board all day.
why does segwit failing cause BCH to pump?didn't it pump in the first place BECAUSE Segwit2x could of fucked over bitcoin and people wanted to hedge against BTC?
Because people who dumped their BTC are sore losers who can't accept the fact that they missed the train, so they think: "HEY!, BCH is only $800 now, BTC was $800 last year!, therefore it will go up"The only reason it's rising is because of market manipulation
they cancelled sigwitx2 and now for some reason decided to continue again.
Im guessing alot of people have lost faith in btc, so it is possible that u are witnessing the flippening.
Jihan Wu on Twitter: "No, please stop this.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin Cash.
We should not confuse it with Bitcoin."
lol no.
There is no flippening, this is the last pump before bcash is abandoned, like B2X
THE FLIPPENING IS REAL AND IS HAPPENINGTHIS WILL GO TO 873 AT WHICH POINT THE RUSSIANS WILL LIQUIDATE INTO BCH DRIVING IT TO 1.3k BASED ON CURRENT CALCULATIONSSCREEN CAP THIS
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fees and transaction times of Segwitx1
Off with you and your bags
Fees would be much lower if people actually used segwit.Major wallets will start implementing it now that they don't have to worry about replay protection shenanigans
LOL how people fall into this
dude what?why would the russians wait till its 1300 to buy vs right now at 800
CORE BTFO
BCH will always be shit....just pure market manipulation, a massive pump thats it
No.
They pick up at 873, Miners have coordinated to dollar cost average their big moves.
does this shit look like a normal pump to u?
Chinks are madTrying to take over with 1/10 hash rate, some chink manufacturers accept BCH onlz, no BTC This is retardedIm beggining being JUSTd
Really, the paid BCH shills and retarded late buyers are flooding the board.
That is just the time when you know to stay away as far as you can when this motherfucker comes down cracking like an earthquake.You deluded idiots will post the pink wojacks of your lifetime if you buy into the artificial pump now.
Can't wait for the coming days desu.
Pic related.
2 billion dollar pump group
you are new, right?
yup im paid shill apparently, fucking cash.
You don't understand.
It's the miners.
In 7 hours after the BTC difficulty adjustment, they'll leave the BTC blockchain and mine on BCH blockchain only, which leads to massive gains as BTC holders panic over 5 hour transaction times and the flippening happens, increasing the value of the BCH they have accumulated over the last month more than tenfold on average.
u cunts need to move over to bch, this is not a fucking drill anymore.
Is the adjustment happening in 7 hours?Is there a coundown site?
yes https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty
things shitcoin cash shills have said 1000 times before
That says there's going to be a 34% drop in difficulty, not an increase, or am i reading it wrong?
So hypothetically if this is the flippening, whats the best course if you're deep into alts, ride it out and wait for BCH pairings or liquidate everything and try to catch the rocket, then kys when it doesn't actually happen.
rather buying Tether than getting fucked by BCH
Crypto price moving on news is major fallacy, it's all just whales speculating and pump and dump.In this case, Roger ver is probably signed into a bithumb account on his think pad and buying billions of dollars worth of bcash to try to make himself not look retarded, at least that is what I predict is happening
Fuck.
I've liquidated half my alts, now I'm considering going all in.
Seems like a pretty fucking rare opportunity.
..An opportunity to lose money when the dump happens
usually if BTC goes down, all alts go down.
If people sense there is money to be made with somethin as "Bitcoin" in the name they go full retard.
They pull out their money for some 5% gains and everything is red all over.
However, BCH is just another alt which is just majorly overhyped by hordes of bagholders and people who want to make a big ruse out of it in order to create money by luring in more idiots.
Next wave just startedbots are trading on really obvious patterns here
difficulty is dropping..
AHHHHHHHHH CORE SHILLS ON SUICIDE WATCH
That's typically my sentiment as well, but after reading into the politics involved and everything happening with miner support, I'm convinced this is something else entirely.
For anyone not sold, read this: https://theflippening.github.io/open-letter-to-bitcoin-miners-from-another-miner/
It is fucking braindead retards like you why I still enjoy reading this board just to humor myself.
The cycle always repeats.
Go all in on some altcoin that was about 1/4 a while ago, is currently massively pumped and hyped.
Not before, not on the dip, but please on ATH.
What could possibly go wrong?
Surely it will triple within days again!
These degenerate ADHD millennials who think they are "investors" yet they only have a degenerate gambling habit and no plan what they are actually doing.
You're reading it right.Yes, it is estimated to drop.The reason why they can't abandon BTC before the difficulty adjustment is that if they did that, then the difficulty would readjust so low that they could no longer cause bitcoin problems by switching over to the BCH chain and not coming back.
If you're trying to fud, try to keep it down on a 1-2/10 on the autism spectrum spastic
Understandable, but most hyped ATH's aren't manifested due to BTC being made literally unusable in a matter of hours.
all volume van Korea lmao
And this is, ladies and gentlemen, why everything else that is circulating as "information" just deception in order to lure idiots into selling BTC to BCH or some other crapcoin.
Nobody will abandon BTC mining if the difficulty drops so hard that it is not profitable to mine anything else.
Everybody who still mines just proportionally more money by not doing anything differently.Seriously, these attempts to take over and generate huge amounts of money are always similar.
People have to be fucking dimwits and not see through these schemes by now.
They only see +10% and go into retard mode.If you seriously buy BCH, those big BCH holders are DUMPING on you to buy cheap BTC with expensively pumped BCH when they see fit and profit twice.
If you run after those schemes you are literally the sheep for these guys because they dictate the speed.
They are vampires that feast upon your stupidity.
And they will doing so as long as they can.
New idiots pouring in all the time.
Considering CME group is taking on bitcoin very soon, people holding BTC have nothing to worry about.
In the grand scheme of things BTC holders NEVER have to worry about fucking anything.
Even if it drops or temporarily crashes.
>Muh, THIS time it is different.
I've heard this shit so many times now I can't even count it anymore.
Litereally whenever some FUD/drama is over, some other asshole comes up with some "genius" scheme to FUD yet again.
But in reality nothing ever happens when not only thinking from 1 day to another but rather thinking ahead months.
Let it go and just increase your BTC stack
And this is, ladies and gentlemen, why everything else that is circulating as "information" just deception in order to lure idiots into selling BTC to BCH or some other crapcoin.
Nobody will abandon BTC mining if the difficulty drops so hard that it is not profitable to mine anything else.
Everybody who still mines just proportionally more money by not doing anything differently.Sorry you must have mistunderstood.
Difficulty won't drop more than ~35% if things go as I described, and the people with massive funds who accumulated and thus boosted BCH 2.5X+ over the last month who are presumably miners have a far greater interest in ensuring the BTC chain stagnates and has multihour transaction times and people flee from BTC to BCH than they have interest in getting a bit more money from transaction fees in the next 24 hours.Mining in BTC is highly centralized and the big players who matter all know each other and talk to each other.
Forming a self-interest cabal and also claiming moral superiority as they profit immensely on a flippening is quite doable and not at all unlikely.
Some of these same miner oligarchs announcing the canceling of the segwit upgrade earlier also plays to their interest if this is their scheme.The only alternate explanation would be that this is the longest, most complicated, highest capital investment pump and dump scheme ever seen in crypto.
Literally went up 150% over last week, bagholder, kek :).
I feel very compfy at the moment :D
Have all these morons already forgotten the original BCH flippening?14000% increase with over 80k btc market.
In like 30 hours.This shit isn't even close to its peak of .42 and it's not going there.
All of you shills fuck off.