Here is the based logical LINK evaluation get in and listen or stay retarded.
LINK has the potential, and google that word if you don't know what it means, to be as huge as ripple or even eth because it is tackling a huge problem that will be worth a lot if solved.
The main point here is if it solves the problem.
The issue of smart contracts if very broad and might be impossible to solve for quite a few years even so anyone shilling or fudding this coin is obviously retarded unless you plan on holding for years.
If you believe in the coin you should shut the fuck up and accumulate for the years to come and if you don't believe in it then you should shut the fuck up and look for better coins.
The way you write gives me a headache
yearsShutup faggot, they're pushing for the network to go live earlier this 2018.
Rory said so in Slack.
Steve said they are only reimplementing things not building from scratch.Why are they pushing to go live earlier this 2018?
Swift if setting up a fraud detection service Summer 2018.
The original release date for the network was Q2 2018.
One of the touted uses of Chainlink was fraud detection.
As a followup for any link fags out there explain to me how a smart contract would realistically work with a p2p market such as ebay.
For example I want to sell some pajeet across the state my tv how is a smartcontract going to verify electronically that he got the tv?
also how long do you think it will take to implement a realistic solution to this situation that makes smart contracts any better than what we have now?
/2We literally dont even need widespread usage for this to moon.
Just an announcement that LINK is officially part of SWIFT's blockchain project would send this to a multibillion dollar marketcap.
Please, say faggot or something in your original post.
It draws anons into the discussion
This desu.
No reason we won't be seeing Ripple's marketcap in the near future.
That'll tindruple all of our investments
Kek these fags actually think LINK will only moon 2019 onwards
The issue of smart contracts if very broad and might be impossible to solve for quite a few years even so anyone shilling or fudding this coin is obviously retarded unless you plan on holding for years.Nice 7th grade essay, dipshit.
the truth my friends is LINK truly is the best way to get super fuckin rich with just like 10k investment.
stop being stupid n short sighted.
we got a real winner here.
we can be LINK winners.
we can DO this.
just buy LINK, put it in your MEW, and wake up a gazillionaire in the near future.
it's gonna happen.
don't you WANT this?
Not using a ledger for his million dollar potentialWhat