The BCH mafia has loaded up exchanges with funds ready to push BCH tonight.
As soon as the BCH fork and new DAA kick in tonight, they'll make another attempt at overthrowing BTC, and this time they're not letting a DDoS-attack stop them.How can you not see this /biz/, it's so blatantly obvious...
2 fags are about to send crypto in another nuclear winter and all you faggots do is looking for a quick buck.
I'm not supporting what they're doing; I also think it is horribly bad for crypto in general.
If all the normies lose their money they put in BTC, all of crypto is in for a hell of a bear market...I'm just saying that this is what's going to happen, and that /biz/ should prepare.
Instead /biz/ is full of literal retards gloating over how BTC "won" last night, pretending like it's all going to have a happy ending.
The absolute state of /biz/....
pretty muchif you knew when to buy you could ride it with them and pull out sooner than them and make your moneybitch
BTC is being exploited because of the miners problem.IOTA is your answer
I can't do anything to solve the situation so might as well just profit from it
roger is trying to save satoshi's bitcoin you brainwashed corecuck.
most of the miners are looking to make a quick buck though
IOTA is your answerI want IOTA but im trapped in burgerland
And throwing all the normie BTC "investors" off the boat is the correct way to do that?
With a hostile takeover that will damage the reputation of Bitcoin and Crypto for years to come?
whens the next adjustment for bcash and btc i want to time my gainz
jesus i am getting an erection right now.
send btc to binance to buy IOTA
The real pump won't come untill hashpower moves back to BCH after the forked-in DAA, for maximum crippling effect on BTC; but they're obviously getting ready.
It's actually really impressive how well planned this coup is...
there is room in the market for both.
bitcoin isn't going to 0 overnight, we will have a long perod of time where both coins are high in value so they will have plenty of time to trade their btc for bch
hostile takeovertaking something BACK is not a takeover, core took over.
and good, burning normies will give us all more time to accumulate
What about all the normies who don't "check up" on their "bitcoin savings."
And even so; losing like 50% won't go over well for the people who bought at 5-6000
The normies over at r/bitcoin are seriously considering suing roger ver for 'price manipulation' and are even threatening to bring the SEC into this.
These people don't belong in crypto and deserve to lose everything.
The corporate kikes over at Blockstream must perish.
PBC going for round 2.
the btc beast will be slain and we will once again have a bitcoin for the peopleblockstream NWO bankers BTFO
If bitcoin was proof of stake instead of proof of work, would they still be able to pull this off?
Not a blockchain
r/bitcoin is for larping faggotsanyone that hangs out there outta be taken out back and beaten to a pulp
GOODBYE, SCAM COIN.
This reminds me of the talk i had with my dad soros"Your ready to burn a country just so you can make a quick buck"He said"Welcome to the world of business"Ive become my father
Normies had their chance when BCH was given for free if you held BTC.
Jokes on scam coin; I bought BCH at 0.127
I BOUGHT YOUR MOMS TITS AND MADE A PROFIT WITH THEMFUCKING FAGGOT
we're here to make money you dumbass, the future of crypto is fucking irrelevant, it can burn and crash for all I care.
I'm only going to take the most profitable step at every point, because the future is unpredictable.
Stop being a bitch boy faggot and ride the money train or forever stay a cuck.
l dont get it, why nobody kill him?
Price is already  USD on Bithumb.
Fork is in 15 minutes.Based 10k BTC buy wall on bittrex ready to go to war.Buy the dip at ~1400 now or cry later.
Are you an employee of the companies that support?
Cause you have the brain of one.
I hope they do.
I hope the kikes come down hard on Ver and that chink gook.
Maybe this will finally be the case of "with Jews you win".