What anime does /biz/ watch while trading?
What's a /biz/ anime?
Spice and Wolf
No anime just chartsAnime is for losers just like videogames
4525735This Other than that, i listen to pagan songs and warhammer audio books.
I just finished kissxsis.But I'm not trading just staking BLOCK and researching what to buy next.
The only good anime is JOJOs bizarre adventure.
Every other anime sucks.
Kakegurui
Akagi.
Alright.
NoIs it better than Kaiji?
I haven't seen Kaiji (yet), but Akagi is definitely good.
Read the mango too however.Literal embodiment of /biz/ though.
I never managed to watch Bebop and damn, it is amazing.
Kakagurui is interesting but not good.Kaiji is A+Akagi is A+Both great series, kakagurui is pretty bad compared to them.Yet to watch JoJo (lots of EPs and I only binge).
Tried spice & wolf but it seems like a slow one to get into.If anybody wants an interesting (money related) anime watch One Outs.I have watched so many anime (literally 100's) that it all starts to blend together and hard to remember.Watching billy and mandy actually, (yes not an anime) watched Space Dandy before.
Pretty meh.
Dragonball
4525713 (OP)>DragonballEverytime topkek.
Tbh a prime example of power creep though and very little depth to it.The power creep really kills it though
You'll love it.
I'll check out Akagi and continue praying for Kaiji season 3-4
i am in an almost exclusively yuri, or yuri-suggestive periodjust watched strawberry panicit was really goodboth seasons?
which sis did you self-insert as?
for me it was ako
Love my yuri eroge vns and doujins.
Almost no hentai or anime thoughSad lack of futaxgirl too
Whatever.
When they're so powerful their farts can shake the multiverse that's awesome
Gyakkyou Burai Kaiji.
dating/eroge vns are great, doujin toosiscon is literally the peak of eroge and doujinshiyou should try watching some yuri anime like strawberry panic and sakura trickthey are really cute and entertaining and make for a great watch
Got any reccomendations for dating eroge?I'll check out those animoo too
my african american
Have you seen SonoHana (the animation)?
yes i liked it very much, vn's better i think though, sono hanabira ni kuchizuke o is a good suggestion for  as well
Thanks
spice and wolf duh
fate kaleind ngr prisma illya
Log Horizon has a lot of financial schemes going on in it.
I just realised that I rarely watch anime or read manga.
It's been like this for years.
There's no quality content.
I watched "Kimi No Na Wa (Your Name)" a month ago.
And I sometimes rewatch Neon Genesis Evangelion (the last time I watched the BluRay remaster).It is great to listen to "Komm Süsser Tod" while your coins are plummeting down to earth.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIscL-Bjsq4
watch yosuga no sora, toaru kagaku no railgun and to love-ru and tell me there is no quality content
naruto shippudenI just wish there were more itachi fights
Dragonball Super>inb4 pleband proud of it tbqh, anime is too autistic for me so I only graze the surface (DB, Jojo, OPM, etc)
Any yuri where it's forceful?
Akagi and Kaiji are the god-tier /biz/ anime
to love-ruPlease, tell me that you're not serious.
Also, for eroge stuff, I'd choose loli like Kodomo no Jikan.The last great manga I read is Vagabond.