https://discord.gg/NKhHtfU6000+ membersWe had a pump one hour ago, you can see how that went here:https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/lunyr/Look at that rise.As your rank increases in the server you get notified earlier for the next pump.
Inviting enough people will get you to Ambassador which ensures an easy 40%.
I am not there yet but I still made 18% today, which is approx.
0.18 BTC.https://discord.gg/NKhHtfUjoin here ^Good luck, sell at peak and don't be an idiot.
Faggot pajeet, I fucking told you to be a bro pajeet and spare some of those gains by notifying everyone at the same time, you fucking pyramid scheming Jew.
doesn't realize how PnD's work
Hey goys join my pajeet discord, wait till I pre pump the coin, then when I tell you guys, you buy all my share and then I tell my VIPs to sell when these retards buy in and then we just act like "someone" is ruining it all....>Everyone calling me out is retarded or a shill, muted.
B
Jihan and Roger ver are manipulating Bitcoin cash because of segwit2x not happening the way they want it to this is an opinion of the staff at bittox.One of these research groups came out with information that said to buy Bitcoin cash up to $1,000.
That is why Bitcoin is dropping and altcoins are dropping.
People are taking their money out of Bitcoin and altcoin stew put into Bitcoin cash.
Things are evening out right now as we speak.
A correction has been made things are now back to gaining what they were before.
This is definitely manipulation that is happening it's a quick cash grab.
We don't see this affecting things in the long run.
Do me a favor stay the fuck out of my pump posts for t.me/pumpnotifergroup you want to work together join my channel and Let's Make a Deal but this is literally your last warning before I go ape shit and first steal all your members second fuck up every single pump you have and lose your members money because I will do it.
If you continue to fuck with me and I find out who you are you won't be alive anymore second of all
B
I got u bro just click this link https://discord.gg/ND3qS78 and build up your rank and u get notified early, at least in here you can become equal
B
srs internet mafia business.