Weekly dividends from COSS, by exchange volume and coss holdings...So why haven’t you picked up a few 1000 coss?
Its so cheap and even a small amount could lead to big things
I am going to copy-paste from other thread I just saw regarding this:LOL, there were people selling this a couple days ago.
OMG what are people not seeing in this opportunity.
Did you not fucking read this was a beta project and hasn't been advertised.
Hey Anon, where have you heard about Coss other than 4chan???
waiting..... You are early adopter
Welp looks like im hodling then
COSS is a good buy, but those numbers are too aggressive.
Here are more reasonable ones with how it was calculated: 
This spreadsheet is going to open so many people eyes.
I will never have to work another day in my life thanks to coss!!!
We got in so early!!!!
:D
WE ARE THE COSSPLAYERS, UNITE
you guys think coss will be listed on gdax, binance or bittrex?
lol >delusional
You fail to see the potential, pajeet.
Coss itself is a crypto coin.
Sure.
With excellent circulating supply it has the potential to be worth a lot in itself.
But what you fail to see is that it's true value comes from the dividends or payouts you get from the coss exchange by holding it.
The more coss you hold the more payouts you get.
The more trades that happen on coss, the more payouts you get.
We don't need to be on gdax, binance or bittrex.
We are about to become a massive exchange with direct fiat conversions alone.
I feel sorry for you.
"you can lead a horse to water, but you cannot force him to drink."
Poor pajeet.
You will die of thirst when the water you seek is right in front of your face.
RIP anon number 
Oh wow, a literal brainlet in the wild
LOL, he thinks Coss needs other exchanges....
4513743
You all said the same shit with POSW months ago, then it crashed due to managerial incompetence.
COSS has an exchange up and running, everythings ready
Coss has freed me from WAGEcuckSLAVERY!!!
I am free at last
Clearly everything is not ready because they're upgrading both the backend and frontend.
You faggots need to stop acting like this is a surefire investment when history has already shown that exchange dividend based coins can result in complete failure.
Every investment has risks pajeet.
Investing in COSS now is like investing in microsoft back in the 80's.
You know how many fuckboii fudders there were back then saying it would never succeed?
We are on the ground floor of this thing!!!
I invest in the future, not the present.
Or do you only buy high sell low?
We are in beta now.
We can only go up from here.
COSS has already shown that their payout system works.
Invest wisely pajeet.... or get left behind.
The choice is yours.
been baghplding 300k since 1000 sats.
prob wont sell until $1