I logged in and saw this pop up for a second then it was gone, when I clicked on it got full report can post screenshots of whatever.Looks like the pick is NXS i accumulated, now I wait I guess for tommorow!
wtf, if this was real, his writing skill is like of 12yo.
That bottom line lel
i saw it, but now its gone.
oh well im getting my bags ready
Going all in on this.
LET THE GAME COME TO YOU !
PBC doesn't have typos.
I understand morons want to pump coins using the PBC name, but please, have higher than a 90 IQ if you're going to do this...
He writes like every other internet marketer.
It actually reads well for normies.
There's no typos in this you retarded idiot its the real one i got from their website
This shit is hilarious.
Retards holding bags of this shitcoin make a fake report with typos and its going up LMFAO
Alright kiddo, post all the entire leak, not the paragraph you wrote then.
This is where you make excuses and never do it....
there are no typos lmao, FUD aleart * yes i know i spelt alert wrong
teeka did talk about quantum resistance in previous reports and did mention the multi level chain tech in the Q&A.
This could be it but need more proof ...
which parts do you want i still have the page open buts its a webpage, can screenshot any part you want
The top of it
How about the whole fucking thing?
Right click and go to print, then at the top left click save as PDF.
Then post the PDF...
446067744607494460775This shit is hilarious.
Any new fags that are here right now, this is a valuable learning lesson.
Pajeet and his street shitting friends make a plan to shill a coin with PBC name on it.
After they get the details worked out, they come to /biz/ to execute.
They start commenting like “oh wow, I just went all in” or whatever, the coin pumps for a minute and tben they dump on the retards that buy.
Fucking scammers lol
Still waiting asshat.
What's that?
You were lying the entire time?
What a surprise...
thx I made a little money but your pump group kinda sucks.
Lasted like 3 minutes.
Fucking bullshit retarded coins like this "NEXUS" getting to rank 86 is why I have no hope for majority of coins.
This is one piece of shit coin and Teeka thinks it's the future.If people can be manipulated so easily by one person, this person can basically call any shit coin he wants and it will moon.So if he has any bags, all he has to do is say "I think this is the next coin to moon" and there we go, he has the power to make it moon.
Nice reverse shill.
This isn't his pick.
The end.
Nexus is far from a shitcoin pal
It's an absolute shitcoin and we're STILL WAITING ON THE FUCKING PROOF FROM OP.
There's no doubt OP is larping.Just saying Nexus is still a quality project.
The amount of low effort shilling is abhorrent...
Funny thing is someone fell for it.