BCH MOONING AGAINGET BACK IN RETARDS
Buy my bags-the postInb4 hur durr im up a gorrilion percent
yeah, it's going up for a moment, and than go to trashbin where it belongs
bought at 1030>sold at 1130Nice 9% in 5 mins, but I will not stay in this for too long
You mean this?
kek
It's so obvious the Bilderbergers are out in force right now to protect their precious BTC.
Don't be manipulated.
This is not a good look
kek
just did an all in and bought the dip at .168, i been checking big TA guys on trading view and charts say bch is on a falling wedge which is a reversal pattern, btc will correct further so we're going up.
It's a coordinated scam attack, please don't fall for it, if you didn't take our profits already, there's none more waiting for you, just get out of the sinking ship.
Where do you get this software to check the price charts?
I would like to start here.
How do you know if it's mooning?
It's about looking into the flow of the lateral movements, friend.
I just keep an eye on binance trading window.https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=BCC_BTCUpdates itself, which is nice, and I can actually buy and sell unlike kraken which keeps buttfucking me
ever since I started posting it started to moon even harder.
Am I this powerful??
Assuming the flippening is real, who didn't foresee a big dump to shake out all the non-believers and saboteurs?
The road to the top isn't an easy one.
got out its loseing its give anon
All aboard the Titanic!
Come on in fellas!
4339756three green IDs in a row, and BCC just keeps moving up.
Kek wills it
Ok I wish I have stayed a bit longer but this piece of shit coin seems too sketchy for me
dubs give me even more strength.F L I P P E N I N G
btc is fuckiing crashing toois this the coordinated attack?is it happening 5 hours before the scheduled update?
4339799>dubs give me even more strength.>F L I P P E N I N GOh god everyone get back in.
This was foretold.
BEGIN THE FLIPPENING!?!?!
Timing wise I think people were waiting for the bottom before buying back into BCH since there was a big panic sell.
But what do I know?
I'm just some retard with only 1 BTC.WE HIT 0.2 BTC / BCH AND RISING
Buying in to BCHMy brother WTF is wrong with you.
Convert your airdrop to BTC.
But never waste your fiat on shitcoin.
You can at least still buy food with fiat.
Oh...you guys thought this was over?
That's cute.
I want to see the venn diagram of all the paranoid theories that are overlapping in this one post.-t. Dave BilderbergOh, damn.
What a give away.
Retreating to fiat for now, first time in half a year.
This potential flippening is a lot more than people think it is.
If it does happen it's not going to be as simple as continuing with normal trading.
we hit 0.19!soon it will be 0.18!
I converted my free BCH back when I got them for 0.3 BTC each, I am not emotionally attached to that shit or anything, but the charts showed a nice double bottom at around 1020 so I thought I could give it a try and buy in for a small pump, didn't expect it to jump 30% though lol
DID THE DEAD CAT BOUNCE SCARE YOU, BROTHER?PUT ON YOUR BIG BOI PANTS ITS TIME TO GET DIRTY
There is zero chance of a flippening.
when is the bch fork?
will there be free coins?
yeah, not happening.
QUADS SAYS YES
DUB DUB DUBS, I'll take it.
Okay thats it, im all in now!
dubs x3
Yes but as with every other fork which worked, all assets will quickly be moved into the fork.
This is a scheme for huge players to get rich, if you can ride it more power to you, but as soon as they dump it, you're in the gutter.
*fork which forked.How it works is that as assets are pumped into the fork, fork's price rises.
After it reaches satisfactory level, original fork is dumped and people buy into the "cheap" fork, which then makes it rise in prise and their investment gets bigger and bigger.
Up 25% since this post kek.
This proves it.
/biz can move the market
4340080praise kek, for all our profits come from Xir
>sold the dipEvery time lately.
>corecucks think theyre safe while bch consolidates for its biggest move yet very soon
>consolidatesIt tried.
It failed.
It's dead.
Get over it.
Dude, it's only to make money to pump the fork.
Soon people will sell at inflated price, money will go into the fork, sold assets will be moved into cheap fork which will rise.This already happened once.
Don't fall for it.
Wait until the momentum stops and sell.
now only 110% less than yesterday!this shits for chink roulette players at 4 a.m.
it's not a chain split, you don't know what you're talking about
well, that was over quickly
4340222Most core cucks have no idea what is happening.
They are stuck in their bitcoin bubble and think everything is fine
NO NO NO NOOO NOOOOOOOOONO NO NO NOOO NOOOOOOOOONO NO NO NOOO NOOOOOOOOO
You meant to say you are retard if you get back in, you are welcome
exit pump.
Buy back when reaches 300 USD again.
Literally came to this thread to say exactly this.
Idiots held bags thinking the king could actually be toppled when there is no backing for it and a garbage lead on it who is a felon and can't even program.