This is not a drill, see for yourself if you dont believe.BTC is officially going into the death spiral, hash power will abandon him, get in the bch rocket before it leaves without you.
LOL!!
BCH is steaming doodoo
faster>satoshi's vision>actually has teams of people working on it>cheap and fast tx'ssure thing corecuck, enjoy the btc dumpening.
t. corecuck shvinkleberg
Everything is in the exchanges already, so hash rate really doesn't matter at this point.The only thing that matters is whether new buyers choose to buy bch, which I doubt because of all the volatility.
when hashrate increases so does price, moron.
lol, you watching these charts?muh DAA though
so all this drama just to get .04x better than BTC?Congrats on this.
Seriously.
you met satoshi IRL and he said this is his vision?
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions+124k unconfirmed transactions and growing while profitability drains for BCC.
read Satoshis whitepaper
Even 0.01 means that the majority of miners move.
However, Bitcoin is not going to readjust in a long time.
Do you know what that means?
Oh shitWell that didn't last long
Thats nice to hear, the exchanges matter, hash rate does not.Go buy Apple and "Bank of America" stocks, core-cuck.
They have higher market-cap and volume than bitcoin core.> muh banksters
Barely any activity above 0.2, dips below 0,19 and its buzzing with activity, coincidence?
If you arent accumulating BCH you are retarded
You guys might wanna refresh that.
BTC is now 1.03x
Seems like 0.2 is a solid floor for now.
Fuck knows what's next though.
Link to profitbable shit
fork.lol
now they're about neck and neck, this is like watching a heavy weight prize fight.
Cash is leadingEver Dollar we push the price will help, let's buy more bcc.BCC just need a pump and it's wins
Says 1.17x here.
FU, all you ignorant guys here.
The whole point of both BTC and BCH algorithms is to have 10 min blocks.
This will result in the same profitability, regardless of coin price.The profitability values at fork.lol site, will now almost always be around 1.00x and 1.00x.
Give or take a little, because of both algorithms fluctuations to miner migrations.
THE FLIPPENING
Updated again then.
This should be interesting as the value of both coins move around since they react to one another
the fork worked, and now miners are switching to BCH.
what did people expect?
brainlets like  will watch the value of their corecoin holding evaporate as more people migrate to BCH
help i tried to buy bcc on craigslist with an ad "LOOKING FOR AS MUCH BCC" as I can handle and i just keep getting pics of black guys penis emailed to me saying if I made a typo wat do
Be honest, even all of /biz/ together could not make this happen.
It's all a question of when Jihan and Roger have decided to make their move.I don't even anticipate it happening today, to be honest.They can wait a whole week of BTC misery.
Unbearably high tx fees and waits on BTC, lots of bad press, BTC money starting to leave.
During which time BCC's new difficulty algo will have shown itself to ensure guaranteed cheap transactions within 20 minutes even despite price variability.Then *bam* stick the knife in.
BCH is down 10% today and looks like a chink P&D.I agree blocksize needs to be increased but why in this horrific and confusing way for normans?
BTC fanboys fudding BCC BCC fanbiys fudding BTCAnd I'm just sitting here riding both waves
We can.
50 - 100k would already pump it over 1400 dollar on binance
on binance.97% of total volumeNigga you dumb
yeah but BCH chinks think normies are going to just walk their money right over to them from BTC.
FUCK NO.The death of BTC = The death of all crypto.
4347102I really don't think Satoshi's vision and Bitcoin is working out very well despite how the price has been going up.
.04 of $1 million is $40,000Agreed, why bother...That's besides the point anyway.
The mining rewards are secondary to the utility boost for users.
Also doing away with (((Segwit))).
Only dumb normies sold their BCC, it was fucking insurance and they threw it away like that to party for a weekend off "free" money.
Nothing makes me harder than knowing that probably most people dumped their bch at the fork.
Only dumb normies sold their BCCAnybody who bought BTC after August 1st doesn't have that 'insurance'
Sorry I meant August 31st
This BCH bullshit, sounds like jewish propaganda to give my precious BTC away.
Nice try anon
Back to 1:1 ratio
Game over, corelets... Bitcoin Cash will suck Bitcoin up into its asshole wholeness dabbing.
Excuse me please sirs where bcch faucet for me to have some bitcoin cash?
That's it.
Core is dead
blocksize.partyit's empty
fork.lol is a propaganda site.
Miners use https://www.coinwarz.com/cryptocurrency and puts the profitability much higher.
segwit>not Jewish
Doesn't account for tx fees.
1.17 now good
gottem
Seems fucking meaningless when the monetary value still hasn't shifted.
WHY ISNT IT PUMPING WHY ISNT IT PUMPING WHY ISNT IT PUMPING WHY ISNT IT PUMPING WHY ISNT IT PUMPING WHY ISNT IT PUMPING WHY ISNT IT PUMPINGWHY ISNT IT PUMPING
It will it will it will
 Only dumb normies sold their BCC, it was fucking insurance and they threw it away like that to party for a weekend off "free" money.What about the mom and pops that just finally took the scary plunge into bitcoin over the past month.
They are going to see their money just disappear.Bitcoin was just now gaining real mainstream attention.
It was just starting to be trusted as a real store of value.If BTC dies it will affect crytocurrency adoption overall.
But who cares right?
how bout those fucking gainZ!!!!!!
!Good job.
Fuck them.
They should have set up stop losses.
No it will push mainstream back 2 years and educate people about Blockstreams kidnapping takeover.
People will be mad at Blockstream and won't trust them anymore.
Good for us
WE'RE DOWN SO MUCH MONEY TRYING TO CHASE THIS SHIT COIN.
MOST OF US WHERE IN BTC WHEN THIS SHIT HAPPENED ITS NOW OUR FAULT.
NOW WE ARE IN BCH AND LOOSING EVEN MORE MONEY.WE WANT OUR MONEY
HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH price does not follow hash rate.
its the other way around you retard.
ThisAdoption may slow as trust is dampened, but this is necessary if we are going to continue with a truly free and decentralized currency.
MUH BLOCKSTREAM.. fuck off faggot!
you faggots are falling for the dumbest trick in the book!
you deserve to lose are you money.
greedy chink crashes entire cryptocurrency market because he's a dirty slant gook fuck worse than a kike>it's blockstream's fault
I've only made money, da fuck you talkin' bout?
AHHHHHHNOSTOPSTOP RIGHT NOW PLEASEPLEASE IM BEGGING YOUNO NO NO NO NO NO PLEASE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ITS ALL FUCKING OVER
stop loss?
these are not traders, they are regular coinbase users.
if that's the case it probably won't be btc or bch.
Which is fine by me.
Same shit happened in August.It flips back and forth for a week or two, then people give up and just stay with BTC.BTC always wins.
Learn it now or lose all your money trying to "ride the wave"
you actually think that roger, jihan, and vitalik don't browse biz
A month ago I would’ve agreed with you, but not anymore.
Bitcoin Classic’s governance has fallen apart and it’s usavility for anything other than a store of value has plummeted.
As more merchants pickup Bitcoin Cash, and more miners permanently switch, no one will use bitcoin classic for anything.Pickup Bitcoin Cash for the long hold now.
Pickup ETH today to be rich by Christmas.
No one's falling for this again.
Bitcoin Classic is Bitcoin Cash.
4348043And another BCH shill owned like the little pussy he is.
this is why you dont go full digital you fucking idiots, bitcoin was great but is held by the fucking elite they will crash your bitcoin and all your coins in hours, its a quick get your cash for the week deal not really hold for months unless you have big balls, bch is the opposition to crash bitcoin and everything into oblivion so then people can pay attention toward the dollar and bonds again, being greedy fools is why the dollar is dying.
I hope the fucking coins crash and you get what you deserve.
bagholdr
wouldn't being harder to mine make it more valuable?
Lol!!!
You guys know that?I found a cool coin group.They gave me the signal before the BCH, DASH coin rises.
(I've tripled my money)I am making enough money now and I am going to make more money in the future.I would like to share this opportunity with some of you who have seen my writing.The address is t.me/DvaPump.Take the opportunity of your life not to be twice again.
I’m trying to find an effective way to rebrand BTC as a failure.
wtf is a pink wojak

seems legit
shoo shoo pajeet, shoo shoo poo somewhere else pajeet, try the loo
thanks

The death of segwit != The death of Bitcoin
For the last 24h btc has been more profitable to mineYet somehow that means over the next 7 days bch is the winner?
Kek
lmao on a 1 minutes scale.
Everything is in the exchanges already, so hash rate really doesn't matter at this point.plenty of corecucks have their bags on cold wallets
4347395434756043478604348207AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHHHAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAfailed bagholders btfomeanwhile btc to 10k by december
he didn't even get the party