Someone will pay the price, and it is most likely us.
powerful people realised they can't stop bitcoin so they made the scaling debate in order to cause a contentious hardfork (BCH) so they could accumulate at a low price.
Tether is keeping btc up so they can accumulate as much bch as possible
fuck off NSA
What do you suggest I do?
I can't cash out to fiat so my only option is to put it in the crypto that will weather the storm the best
What with this NSA meme today?
Why is the NSA so mad their FUD only brought it to 7700?
4482455please stop ur nsa shit.
bitcoin is being manipulated.
just accept it
Bitcoyn CashEthereumMoneroByteballAll other coins are laundering-scams, like for example iota - bitfinexed to 2B cap.
Bitcoin is being manipulated goy just sell it all and go buy stocks and bonds
FUCK OFF NSA
what problem are you talking about anon?
ok NSA
I like to see the NSA watching out for the little guy and wanting to give them a second opportunity to accumulate at low prices.
Does the tether problem imply that the price of bitcoin is inflated and inaccurate, since it was artificially inflated by made up money, and the actual amount of fiat that moved into crypto is in truth much smaller than what the high prices of the coins suggest?
I dont understand any of this plz somebody explain.
look at this pic.
u can be sure no one cares about ur one bitcoin u bought for 7500
exactly.
look at the picture .
u should understand it now
awesome man nice distribution list that really convinced me that tether is the 100% entire reason for bitcoin's secular bull market since this year's beginning
It's a bunch of people who probably work for Tether/Bitfinex.
I hope they all get arrested.
Everybody knows that there's enough evidence to be at least supicious of Tether/Bitfinex.
Anyone calling this FUD or NSA is probably involved with it somehow, or is just plain stupid.
epic man I agree bitcoin is worthless and only went up because of tether
Why would it be us, I'm not a retard who buys at $8000.
they made a scaling debateYeah those gargantuan transaction fees and transaction times rendering BTC unusable as a trading currency don't mean anything and miners being fucked over by offchain scaling doesn't mean anything and the security of validation on the bitcoin blockchain being cucked by offchain scaling doesn't mean anything.It's all just smokes and mirrors brah.
No single legitimate grievance whatsoever.
nice try NSA
exactly that's what I'm saying; there is no scaling debate 1mb block is nonsensical, it was manufactured through r/bitcoin censorship, kicking garzik out of core and pumping btc.
Here we are though with a redistribution of bitcoin cash to people in the know
Good scenario: this is all FUD, bitfinex are actually the good guys and tether is totally legit.
We get FUD price dips and the price keeps rising.Bad scenario: bitfinex is an elaborate scam, tether is busted by the feds with diplomatic pressure.
BTC price spikes due to people bailing on USDT, then we get a huge dip for a while.
Altcoin market is probably decimated, leaving behind only the good alts.
Weak hands abandon the market for a while, true believers stay and buy the dip.
Long-term price recovers and keeps rising.Either way bitcoin wins.
Why the fuck would the real money price of BTC spike?
The only thing that will happen is that Tether becomes worthless, thus the BTC/USDT ratio will skyrocket.
It would certainly be not healthy for BTC/USD if the biggest fraud in crypto history is discovered.
Well USD on bitfinex is just USDT, and since everyone assumes 1 USD == 1 USDT the USD price will rise accordingly due to demand trying to bail out of the sinking ship.
So the theory goes at least, who knows what will really happen.
fuck off nsa
everyone panicking because USDT is considered fraud>everyone thinks USDT==USDDon't think that checks out
I'm in since earlier this year.
Up to like a month ago, I would've recommended everyone I know to buy bitcoin and hold it.
I can't say that anymore with all this shit going on.
I have a strong feeling in my gut that something extreme will happen soon, and judging by these threads lately I'm not the only one.
I'm honestly so tired, this is just not fun anymore.
It's just politics now, hacks and conspiracy theories.
Crypto fucking sucks right now.
No.
Fiat is the only way.
It's a systemic panic sell.
Today's mini-panic FOMO sell due to the tether news saw both ETH and BTC dropping at least 10% in 10 minutes.
Take the bittrex BTC/USDT pair on coinmarketcap for example.
Practically assumes 1 USD == 1 USDT.
There is no BTC/USD pair on bittrex.
What figure are coinmarketcap using to calculate the $ price?
do not buy fiat inflation is about to sky rocket, buy gold and silver
-minute timeframe
 this dumb unfounded FUDNice conspiracy theory you got there m8.
Stay poor
Yes.
He basically assumes the 130 billion market app of BTC is unattainable in a GLOBAL market when that's basically a drop in the bucket compared to other markets.
What a self centered egotistical burger
BCash is gangstergold.
It is becoming harder and harder to conceal payments on the blockchain, now.
All those gangsters with money in the system wanted out.
The BCH fork gave them an opportunity to take a haircut on their holdings, but retain the same number of - now clean - tokens.
BCH is nice, because bitmain operates all of the mining at slow points in the network, meaning Jihan can double spend and launder money for crooks when they need it moving.
A market cap of 150 billion doesn't mean, if everyone sells there coins there will be a stash of 150 billion dollar.
Market cap is just the multiplication of the highest price with all tokens.
But as soon as tokens are sold the price drops..so there is no 150 billion in bitcoin.
If everyone cash out now everyone will get less than the one before him.
Can't calculate it but maybe.. maybe there will be a total amount of 1 to 10 billion dollars then.
Market cap is senseless.
Trade Volume is a good thing though
That's some weak arse FUD pajeet