Why have your bitcoins waste away when you can loan them to bitconnect?
You return your investment and make huge gains.
If I had been doing this months ago I could quit my job.Its so good I wont even shill my referral, because you dont need them to make money
BITCONNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEECT
Your money will be gone before they let you take it out, retard.
b-but i'm making 1400 a day 7 days a week.
I put that right on her table.
I AM RIGHT NOW INDEPENDENTLY
can I still make money with this?
Bitconnect is fucking amazing ROI but it no way safe gains.They will exit scam anyday now when the ponzi no longer becomes profitable for them.I'm seeing youtubers that have like 500k lended now.
That's literally paying out 8million this year to them alone.
I really can't see it lasting into 2018 at this point but fuck me did some normies and dumb money get rich off this scam
The world is no longer the way it used to be.
Bitconneeeeeeect!
It has been banned in UK just yesterday.
BITCONNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Notice their non stop commercials.
They are desperate for new cash flow
Is it that hard to believe that they actually have bots making money?
Stock markets do it too but they aren't as volatile
Lol that's exaclly what they gonna do -pay fucking tens of millions to youtubers in next 6m-12m, to attract more dumb fucks, more money they throw on them more deluded normes invest.THAN when that fucking lowlife scumbag "content creators" are owned bilions they will make deal to them: " listen we are going down if we have to pay you quadrilion dolars we owe you" and youtubers will be like: " ok ill take few more milions and lie -lets ride this one out", this piramid is not nearly done yet.When it is it will take down whole market for few weeks.I know greedy idiots deserve this, but those youtubers deserve prison or to be shot, or behind bars.
You would have to be retarded to believe that.
PONZI SHILL FAGGOT.From what I hear this bubble is about to burst.
Stay poor faggots, I tried to tell yall
tell us about what exactly?
Put your bitcoin to good use in bitconnect and make more gains than you already are
Only the geniuses over at Bitconnect understand how to reach Bitcoin's full potential.
I've put in 10k and my profits are astronomical.
People might say that their business strategies are flawed but when you look at their reverse funnel system you can see that Bitconnect is the way to go!
you forgot to add your ref link
Can you at least do your own research.
Standard scam coin
I put in my post that its so profitable that referrals are not required.
Making tones of money with 0 referrals