>mfw /biz/ doesn't realize they're witnessing the next bull run akin to April and May of this year right before their eyes>mfw /biz/ is too stupid to see it and is scared of losing money Now do you fucking newfags who say "oh if only I'd invested back in April" see that it wasn't so easy to just make all that money?
Now do you see?
This is what it looked like back then, and 90% of you are too scared and cautious now to hold so you dump low.
saying all that without saying anythingYou talking BTC or alts fag?
Don't worry I'm holding on for life ;)
love u bro bro
akin to April and May
Been doing small trades all day what you sayin.
You bet your fucking ass I realize, I have completed my portfolio of reliable alts that I see having the greatest bull runs.I'll even list them for you:LINK, BAT, NEO, CSNO, KNC (holding 1/3 since ICO), CND, ODNand some unintentional bags of ELIX, EBET and BMC.Only one I'm missing is REQ but I'm going all TA on this one, since it's severely overbought on the 1D chart.
It might be true, alts volume increasing, BTC volume decreasing
I have completed my portfolio of reliable alts>LINK, BAT, NEO, CSNO, KNC (holding 1/3 since ICO), CND, ODNand some unintentional bags of ELIX, EBET and BMC.
you forget that it is still around ICO price.> overbought.
>tfw only hold 11k LINK, 6k REQ and 2k ASTw-will I make it?
I have nothing else in life
Elix is a scam.
read website carefully and think about how he never gets in detail about how he will achieve anything except the "free money" scheme with daughter-mother accounts or whatever it was called.Sell your bags while you still can.
Most people haven't caught on yet.
Don't worry.
Just set your gambits.
I am already 100% in alts and have the comfiest feeling of my life.
The more they are deluded now, they harder they FOMO in later and we don't even know what pink wojacks are anymore.
Overbought is a technical term.
It means the buyer sentiment is far above its average and might result in a pullback (or not).
Now, even in strong bull runs, you will see pullbacks and a small decrease in price with a correspondingly high decrease in RSI is a very good sign that the bull run will continue.
I am waiting for the next dip to 800 and evaluate.Of course, I might get totally fucked and miss out.
But this type of divergence has been the most reliable for me so far, and I intend to stick by it.
Well, if something in your holdings suddenly pumps 50-100%, ofc you sell, only to buy back at a later point to increase your stack by 25%.
Also comfy here.Been holding since December last year and looking forward to the new year.
its already crashing kek
alts go -2% on 24h performance>already crashingabsolute state
teach me!
No ZAP or NLC2
OP gets it.
BTC obviously and I see IOTA as the next big mover, similar to what Ethereum did earlier this year
Yes, or will at least have fuel for the next mission.
Just don't get impatient, those are three good picks imo.
In a year you can buy a house with that
Why would IOTA do that?
I think the same as you OP.
But I'm scared.
So I'm taking small profits on the rise with 5% of my stacks just in case, that helps me deal with the fear so I can keep my hands stronger for the rest of my alts.
pullback after shooting up 30% in a very short amount of time Who could have predicted this
dyorit's just my opinion