It's leaving soon, don't miss it ;)
I still don't understand this.
What does RFID chips in price tags have to do with blockchain?
january is quite far away
>he didnt cash out when it mooned>he actually grew emotional attachments to his investments>fell for the hodl meme for shitcoins>TFW its almost back to pre-moon level
literally me...my stack was worth $25k at the peak, and at that time bitcoin was half the price it was now, had I not been a greedy cunt and sold at that peak i'd have $50k worth of BTC right now.
fucking shitcoins...they can make you but just as easily break you.
Fuck yeah been accumulating this whole week.
Sheep chasing green when they should have been watching the double digit dips
Learn to put up staggered sells and close the browser.
Once you made 100%, it doesn't matter if it goes up another 1000% or dumps if you have sells lined up to lock in the sweet profit.Concerning WTC, I see no sign of a trend reversal, it needs to go down further.
I recon it will find a bottom around $1 - and then I'll buy back.
This is literally going to a 5-10b marketcap.
I honestly don't understand how /biz/ never buys into the most promising projects, but will gladly drop money into memes.t.
10k Walty who went balls deep at $1
Hello darkness my old friend
bottom around $1....HAHAHAHAHAH.. oh wait... you're serious?
No way this will go below $3.50
It won't even go below $4
RIP....I went from 8 BTC to 16, and all the way back to 6.
Amazing how fast you can JUST yourself in the crypto world.4538707A month ago I acted exactly the same as you...I just laughed about that sudden BTC surge, i thought it would go on for like a week maybe, then my alts would easily double again...I mean, a 100 million market cap doubling vs a 100 billion one, which would seem more likely?
Well, I learned that market cap means jack shit if there is no hype.
You shouldn't fomo, but going against market trends is also a dumb thing to do, i learned that the hard way/.
It's all hype, the team disappointed with smaller objectives and they will find bigger roadblocks putting their entire vision, I sold my entire last month on this realization.
You can take your risk with them in January but so far they have only proven to be incapable.
Where are the two big Korean exchanges they have been hyping?
Don't get emotionally attached, there is no reason for WTC to be going up until they have anything close to a working prototype or product with more exchange listings.