NULS breakout imminent, target exit point 18k sat
I hope you're right, OP.
if pass 13k sat without much resistance will hit new ATH
When???
I think it will hit pretty hard resistance at 14.5k
What have you done.......
Bought the dip.
Lol.
Drops furtherPlz stop hurting me nuls.
I don't bully.
This fucking little shit is only crashing down fuck this shitty bag aaaaaaaa
is not dropping, satoshi only adjusting to price of BTC as BTC moon
we're going down to 100k that will be the new floor.
sell now buy back at 100k.
GO GO GO.
100k nul walls trying to keep it down for accumulation.
Moon imminent.
gotta remember there is a trading comp on too, and it counts both buys and sells.
I think it would be in the whales best interest to bounce it between about 0.60 - 1.10 just my 0.02
we arent going lower we are already on the new support get prepared for a pump
Please up please fuck you
I love this coin too, but I am increasing my stack buy selling just before massive sell walls and buying back in where there is strong support.
We are going to at least 0.0001124
how do you even know its a real wall though?
the majority of the times they are fake because its just a whale accumulating for cheaper off people like you.
maybe not, but I'm not selling my whole stack while doing it, so if I miss a pump, so be it.
That's just gainz realized.
same im about to start up trading again with 1k on the bnb pair since theres no fees.
I've been on BTC, how is it doing against BNB?
its easy profit considering theres no fees so u can just take profit whenever u see it
Why is holding this so comfy
oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Just went with BTC in case it blows up out of the blue.
i mean the btc will always lead the price cus it has more volume but you can take advtange of that and trade the bnb as there is a slight lag behind the btc pair so you can make some good profit quick and easy and win the competition
yeah, I've heard of this tactic.
I need another moniter, two just isn't cutting it.
its called arbitrage and the whale just removed the 100k wall :)
Yeah I'm aware of arbitrage.
And I saw that as well.
GIVE ME MY FUCKING MOBEY YOU FUCKING NIGGER TRICKERS FUCK YOU NIGGWRS ILL FUCKING KILL YOU ALL YOU MOTHER FUCKING NIGGERS
Hahahahahahah
When will this ride end?
I will sell all once it goes up and never look back
About to plummet to 8000 lmaoo
My arms hurt from holding these bags
When will it stop hurting, anons?
I'm bleeding out here.
Should be bouncing off pretty soon.
This is a bit too much.Bah.
hate what Binance did to this market with the competition.
Prob won't be reaching 1.20$ before it ends.
All you who have been staying out truly this is a good spot to load up.
This project has a future.
43715714371560AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHt.
bagholderMOTHERFUCKdcwjefpdj
Please lord help me
I've been buying/selling in bnc to increase my stack, I REALLY hope I'm in when/if it moons.
I've made ~4x so far.
I actually took out half and put it in ETH for safe keeping tho.
Maybe I need bigger balls.
where is that from?
Binance depth chart.
same
sorry, another question:how do I get the dark theme?
I really need to look around more.
Thanks, this is way better.