just added to ed, not in cmc yet.
volume increasing .
next week big exchanges lined.
https://faceblock.io/
They stole Facebooks logo... No
as we speak, semi whales joining the ship.
get ready for moon.
better product than confido.
less market capcirc supply 6 millcurrent mcap under million.
it can easy 5-10x.
All I see is them being sued up to the ass for copyright infringement
who cares retard, they are similar usecases, we are here for 3x-5x,not for fundamentals.
that logo will attract more noobs that helps price will spike up.
they planning 3 exchanges next week.
join the boat or stay poor
see here.
that does not come under copy right, they added B side.
do you think facebook give a shit about it.
lol
Give me a link for ED I’ll buy some, We’ll see how good your predictions are
https://etherdelta.com/#FBL-ETHhere you go.
I suggest DYOR.
Wow it’s below ico right now ico buyers may dump when it reaches ico price
they dont have ico, they had planned one.
but they mentioned they got swiss private fund.
they have announcement on nov 20th.
lets see what in the store.
btw, any fucking coin going under ico for some time in ED until it get listed in CMC.
it not listed in cmc yet.
i think those bounty/some airdrop holders selling in low ico at the moment
They are jews you know?
The font is probably personalized also, so more reasons to be sued
This reeks of low-key moonerLow market cap?
CheckUnder the radar?
CheckConstant tiny sell orders to keep the price lower?
CheckNew exchanges soon?
CheckNews soon?
Check.Someone is expecting to make bank on this, it looks like.
Just hope my buy order actually gets filled before it moons, hardly anyone is selling yet.It is unfortunate about the logo though, they should probably change that.
A little too on-the-nose.
Also didn't they raise like 2m?
The market cap is currently below that and will be until it's going for around .001 eth
I think logo is ok, it’s a Swiss team and they got a found invest.
No ico, before investing they checked if logo was ok i think