Who getting /reqt/ here?
Should I sell?
Wait until after the update, everyone who sold is gonna be FOMO’ing back in tomorrow
What if the update is shit and it fails even more, like LINK?
Instant gratification tards are how i have so many coinz at so cheaps.
I wouldnt, but i also breathe through my nose so
Told yall niggas, people just accumulating to dump on Friday with the update.
Looks like some insiders are already taking profits.
Insiders would let everyone fomo until right before the update idiot
I bought at 620 sats so I'm still in the green but I don't wanna lose profits.
Maybe sell now and buy back later when it drops to 600 sats again?
Your position might be different than mine.
I’m hodling REQ and shorting other coins.
If the update is shit then I hope it drops to where it fucking was lol because eoy will be worth it
This is is easily a $1 coin over the course of the next few months.
Sure you can sell an take small profits in early.
OR you can hold for major updates and potentially 8-10x your money.
I hold 111k tokens and plan on accumulating more every dip.
This is is easily a $1 coin over the course of the next few monthsWhat makes you so confident?
Solid team, product release, solid backing, useful token, active team, coin burn, competing with OMG (1/16 their market cap).
All pointing towards rapid growth.
Do we know when the product is getting released?
I read Q4 but I'm not sure
Should I sell?Yes.
I'll buy.Sell low, buy high, my friend.
They are releasing colossus in q4 2017.
There is literally 5 weeks of 2017 left.
This will pump to 1.5k sats if colossus gets released this update or next update.
From what I read product was meant to be out early Q1 2018 but they're so ahead of schedule they'll be releasing it Q4 2017, next month or so.
They're Nov 10 annoucement showcases this i think
Oh I see, I'll hold for the time being then cheers
I'm expecting they may announce the exact date Colossus will be released.
If they don't this will dip short term.
Given they are ahead of schedule we may see this before 2018.
In any case this is is the time to accumulate.
Not only for crazy profits (imagine they capture 25% ot 50% of OMG's market cap...) but also future holding benefits.
Putting my money where my mouth is.
These fucking moon kids.
>oh look it’s mooning>I’m up $100!>oh no, a whale sold now I can only make $80>better sell now rather than wait to 5x my totalI have 40k REQ DCA’d well below ICO.
If it dips, I buy more.
I’d love to have 60-80k under ICO before colossus.
If it can meet OMG’s current market cap we’re looking at a $1.20 coin in the next few quarters.
That's exactly what would happen lol
 solidLol what a shit argument.
I'm in on req too but come on.
Your piss poor shilling is embarrassing.
Fuck off and DOWR then.
Buy it or not.
If anyone is using 4chan to decide what to buy then they deserve to lose their shit.
This is why newfags will never make it.
Even if there would be a new btc, right now, you would sell after 10% profit or even after a loss, because you are this idiotic.Stay poor brainlet
you sound like a 100 IQ mouth-breathing idiotyou literally sound so fucking retarded it hurts my brain to read your drivel.
whatever colossus is - if it only takes them 5 weeks to code it from scratch, then it's totally trivial and overhyped.
So stop fucking shilling then you filthy maggot
They've been working on it for longer, you braindead moron.
yeah sure, okay.
they seem fairly new to the blockchain space.
do they have a single member on their team that has significant blockchain / smart contract experience?
"but moneytis" fuck off
Wow you have to be a nigger.
IQ of 70 confirmed.
>You are only able to code and develope after ICO!!!!
i'm just saying that it's probably something trivial if they can announce they're "ahead of schedule" and going to "release a product" literally 2 weeks after ICO.
who the fuck knows though.
maybe "holy shit they have a product!
they have a product!"
shilling will work and take it to the moon.
you never know!
lmao all you fags investing with you weekly allowance getting worked up.
Just sell now and move on.
Serious question can any of you 'geniuses' tell me why Dogecoin has a market cap of $210M?
Lmaoo you faggots will always remain poor
you're a fucking retard
You're a fucking retard.
This is mindblowing, but some ICOs actually have somewhat of a project started before they ask for $100,000,000
yo dudes you should have been selling a little bit each time the price hit certain levels.
let this be a lesson.
yo dude that’s not how it works if you want to make the gains that hodling will get you.
Selling and increasing your stack also increases your DCA
omfg cant believe you assholes talked me into buying im dumping my bags right now and buying the POWR dipwatch this go back to 30m BYE
I love it.
At least you lost money ;)>Investing money into something; not getting 500% in 1 day; selling for a loss and chase the next pnd ;) Classic crypto brainlet
buying an already pumped up coinbreh
4535101POWR literally has more than 5 power companies signed up and even more begging to use their platformwhat does REQT have?
.....[silence]I'll be able to sleep tonight knowing my money is in a solid investment and not in some 3 man operation where I'll wake up to see a large red -30% when I unlock my cellphonecheckmate
I srly read this niggers comment and wanted to argue with him and then i have read this shit>CheckmateNice form of discussion sir.
Kys nigger.
I’m now 100k POWR an trying to accumulate more “buy up to price: $5” - Tikka Masala
>mfw still holding my ico bagsevery time it gets close to reaching ico price it dumps hard
what was the ico price?