https://twitter.com/gavinandresen/status/929377620000681984https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gavin_AndresenIf you don't know who is Gavin Andressen, he is the first public face of Bitcoin Core authorized by Satoshi Nakamoto.
Gavin woods would freeze those bch in a heartbeat
>he is the first public face of Bitcoin Core authorized by Satoshi NakamotoDoes he also have 300 confirmed kills and is trained in gorilla warfare?
The rocket is going to take off here soon again
We're going to see all of the old guard in bitcoin coming out for cash including the mtgox guy once he leaves japan with 200,000 bitcoins.A lot of them arent doing it to be a dick, they just want bitcoin to be what it was originally created for and what the original users wanted it to be.bitcoin can still do its thing and bitcoin cash can do its thing.
hahaha, you really want this fucking guy ruining your brand?
first roger ver, then craig wright, and now him.the bcash marketing group really needs to find legitimate faces for this coin, or it's going to be impossible to rub of the scammy image it currency has.
yup and these shills/newfags are too financially/emotionally attached to core to just make some money fixing bitcoin with the rest of us
Been around since 2011 and mos def agree with Gavin on this one
Gavin works for CIA
if you're going to blindly follow a figurehead, why roger ver, gavin andresson, jihan wu, and craig wright?
of all people?
pick somebody credible like nick szabo who is a pioneer in cryptocurrencies and not a complete dipshit.
Its over.
BCH wins.
The guy that caused Satoshi to go into hiding?
Great!
8MB blocks>Fixing BTCYeah that's what's fixing BTC
yeah why not pick one of the reliable BTC backers
goatee
Trying with all my might not to FOMO buy bch at ath
btc isn't a means of exchange>now exchange your btc for bch
Gayvin Anderson
deal with it, white boy.
the mtgoy guy really hit the jackpot.
all the bch is his, and he will refund the retards at 2014 prices, and in fiat.friendly advice, follow what this guy does from now on.
this guy got fired from corehe also supported the lunatic craig wrightwhat a shining endorsement
Fuck SERGEY GAVIN IS THE NEW SAINT
kys nigger