why the fuck xrp didnt moon today with amex adoption?
it'll moon soonjust hold
A vast suffering sea of longterm bagholders prevent XRP from pumping ever.
Have you ever seen shit tied to a rocket?Why would you think this would blast off?
Because of BTC
B-b-but AMEX
Anyone else notice that when something significant happens to this coin, Buttcoin rallies cockblocks it every.
fucking.
time.
correction*sustaining any pump for more than 10 minutes
it did
literally Jesus could return to the world and say "Buy Ripple" then wave his hand and kill every muslim on the planet then leave.Ripple's pump would start 1 minutes after the happening then last 10-20 minutes then return to nothing or negative.Don't trust Ripple guys.
that orderbook makes me sad
because of this...http://www.businessinsider.com/mastercard-visa-and-amex-to-enter-china-2017-7Fucking China owns the 41% of XRP, and they don't give a shit about western ideas (AMEX)

XRP And BAT should've mooned, but no.... they pump a few percent and it dumps right back down.
Alt coins are so fucking stupid.
Whales abuse the fuck out of them.
Don't get me wrong I always take profit on the pump when I can, but my bags still heavy AF.
The only coin that hasn't let me down yet is VTC.
And my LTC investment is still doing pretty good too I guess, but everything else is utter shit.
In the real world the price would have shot up, come down some and stabilized.
Fuck this.
Because people have hard on for BTC only.
Because it's a pre-mined shitcoin manipulated by big banks and it goes against the fundamental philosophy of cryptocurrency.
They are only using the technology, not the tokens.
because Ripple the company and XRP are not related - watch the Swell conference and watch the panel's collective anuses pucker when the subject of crypto is brought up.Banks, do not want crypto.
They want blockchain and anything remotely related to a cryptocurrency to crash and burn.When the team announces the purpose of the token, I'll reconsider my opinion.
Ripple will stick around, XRP at this point in time is pointless.
Its not 'stock', its not 'gas', it's Ripple's token.
That is all.
I don't even know why Ripple is considered a cryptocurrencies.
It did, nigger.
10% is the best it can fucking do with an eight BILLION dollar market cap.
You morons need to get this through your heads once and for all.