What does your blockfolio look like?What does biz look like?Does btc or eth still have top value?
ETP one million per coinBTC one billion per coinREQ 500k per coinLINK at .17$screencap this
i hope im still not trading shitcoins with you guys in 7 yearsETH 12k
BTC one billion per coinThis.
Already ordered my Lambo.
BTC one billion per coinI got BTC 0.1Cant wait.
LINK at .17$Made me chuckle.
tezos 120$
We all know BTC isn't used by billionaires to buy apartments for their 15 year old asian gf.
So what is it actually used for?
.........
Drugs.
Obviously, it's "secret" (crypto)currency for a reason.So if BTC is almost only used for drugs, then why is it worth so much?
Are that many more people buying drugs in the current year than 5 years ago?
No.
So why?
... ... ..... Because it's a bubble.Remember the stock market?
It's also in a bubble.
Remember the housing and car markets?
Also in a bubble.
Wtf, everything is in a bubble?
Well yes.
Remember that interest rate thingy?
Pic related.
I wonder what effect that could have on asset prices.
I wonder what will happen to these prices as the interest rates rise.tl;dr - Yes, BTC is in a bubble and it will crash when everything else crashes.
And when BTC crashes alts crash
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-13/mysterious-bitcoin-dip-buyer-identified
bitcoin moons>"its a bubble hurrrr">bitcoin dips>"ITS OVER">bitcoin moonsRepeat in endless cycle.
my req, omg, and icx makes me 15 million dollars
I see a 100k bitcoin happening in 5-10 years easily.
I suggest get more.
In case it crashes I suggest you get some alts/eth as well.
IMO 60% BTC 40% ALTS is the way to go.
Why then, does the price of gold and silver increase in a rising interest rate environment?All of this action you are foretelling has to do with the bond yeild and specifically and inverting bond yeild.
This means that when the 3 month bond nets a greater return than the 10 year bond.
it looks like an inverse parabolic curve.
Interest rates affect the stock market and other "asset markets" that are dependent on BORROWED MONEY.
https://www.investopedia.com/investing/how-interest-rates-affect-stock-market/This means anything that is funded through private loans or other debt instruments (central banks) get lost in the tide of inflation of the currency, which is the biggest reason for inflation of the infflation of assets.LONG STORY SHORT:Is bitcoin funded by loans and the federal reserve?Fuck no!
It is the dollar that is losing value proportional to Bitcoin.
Buddy, if you think this is a bubble, you need to read more econ 101.
Is bitcoin funded by loans and the federal reserve?Yes it is.
It's called Tether.
You realize there is only 600m worth of tether, right?
In a 111b dollar market.
and they keep "making" more lolfucking tether
And Bitcoin MC keeps growing too.
Tether will always be just a drop in the bucket.
no I mean they're creating coins from nowhere, I'm not talking about market cap, I'm talking about supply