So, I recommended Factom several times today, and also several times last week.I've been making pretty good gains and expect a lot more (still holding until I get some sexy multipliers)Got lots of haters, but every time I've recommended buying it, it's only gone up (same for my SALT recommendations from the week before that).Just curious: who here actually listened and made money with my recommendation for Factom?Just trying to get an idea if there is any point in posting this shit at all
this is the first time I've heard of it - I looked at 1 chart, I am buying dis shit
Factom is just a legit good company.
It will survive the crypto crash, whenever it comes.
Holy shit fct is still going up, oh godI am not too late, am I?
dude look at the peak prices from earlier in the year - look at a year chart.
there is a lot of up to go.
It's just beginning
You will be when this beauty is nearing $40 in less than 10 days.
You know thats when there was a psychotic bull run going on right?
There's actually a dip and consolidation right now if you want to jump in.This hasn't even reached its weekly high yet, no reason for anyone to think its too late.The opportunity I posted this morning was just a godsend is all.
It was SUPER cheap.
But it's still good price.
Yeah, but the cycle remains true, the question is how high will it go
4390053It was .125 earlier this year?
Holy ShitHow the fuck did did so low?
I agree, I have my sights set more on the "regular" peaks of September and August, which still means crazy fucking potential.
Word of warning, sell before they release m4, unless you see significant usage on the protocol, otherwise the value of a factoid will plummet - they will be releasing 84,000 a month and unless there is usage very very will be burnt
4390105I'll say again, this wont stop until hits $40.
And fyi the one that shilled storj and factom was me, since I'm in the group that started these two pumps.
Where is there more info on this release - a quick search didn't yield anything
Ok!
That's cool and I'm all for $40, I actually think this has potential for even more.What I wa sdoubting is that it would reach the mid-summer high, which would put it at like $150 in today's Satoshi value, heh.I just bought more Factom on the dip to 280s.
Was going to see if i could get 270s, but I need to eat dinner.
bucks is nothing compared to what this coin is really worth desu
Are u the same guy that said bitbean would hit 1500 sats in 3 hours, 4 hours ago?It's claiming the same shit you do rn
isn't this company working with a US government department and NDA's up the ass?
>bought the dip at 0.00282>now 0.00289>Cant spend all day watching charts>want to set a stop limit (never used to do this)Lats time I set limits with storj and lsk i ended up gaining nothing because it made a quick dip to just below my limit before moonign again, should I make the stop limit very low like 0.0018 just to prevent lots of losses, or dont set one at all?
0.0018 i mean 0.00278, dont know where I got that number
nice big fat hammer happenin'
Seems like they are, they received 2 dhs grants alreadyhttps://news.bitcoin.com/dhs-awards-200k-factom/https://www.ethnews.com/factom-receives-second-dhs-grant-for-blockchain-iot-project
wish i could afford some FCT.
Solid project imo
4390083I'm starting to believe, they seem to have solid backing behind them from a bit of googling.
do you post on slack or some shit or just swoop in on this?
imageboard is pretty terrible for keeping up on crypto
get off biz.
people that don't consider factom, bancor, and ripple as the least risky money makers are retards.
they're all god tier.
I check FCT anc BNT on a daily basis - I've been waiting for a reversal for months.
Bancor??
isn't that entirely dependent on ETH?
yes and no - DYOR & keep your eyes peeled for a trend change.
BNT is probably one of the most active and professional looking projects i've seen.
the ico may have been a shitshow at the worst possible time, but just take a gander at their twitter and youtube.
Down to 0.0027 alreadyyou lied to me
Sorry, I didn't anticipate BTC having another rally so soon without having a correction.If you compare, though, Factom is still one of the safer alts to have your money in (second only to Lisk that I checked), as it didnt fall as steeply due to BTC's rise.Just hold if you can afford to.
You got in at a good price.Sorry, but it;'s a good coin for a good price, you'll be fine.
Hm, actually, it's holding even stronger than I thought it would.
Just get some sleep I think :)
Create a discord or something.
It's hard to tell who here posts good shit and who posts pajeet pnd.
is there a /comfy/ crypto discord that isnt filled with shills and pajeets?
Factoids or factum?