Its USP is that you can use it to buy stuff.But what can you buy with it?And who is going to accept BCH as a payment system, when it is completely unable to decide the market price of anything?Is Bcash already broken as a viable payment solution?
>And who is going to accept BCH as a payment system,Lot of sites already do and it's going to be added to normiebase.
This shifts going to Uranus.
ausfag herebtcmarkets (local exchange) already does bch-aud conversion.
Straight up bank deposit.
post links?
I am not talking service sector.
I am talking about the stuf that the inner circle likes to boast about: settlement on goods.Who is going to buy a hamburger for a coin that might pump next weekend?
Who is going to sell a car to a guy paying in coins that get dumped every monday?
That's not goods, that is currency exchange.
You can buy Antminers with BCH :-)
go be a faggot corecuck somewhere else OPAlso Calvin Ayre, gambling industry and literally any coin accepting payment system that already existsWho is going to buy a hamburger for a coin that might pump next weekend?
Who is going to sell a car to a guy paying in coins that get dumped every monday?Anyone who fucking wants to you dumbshit.
It's called freedom and that's enough.
Don't want to?
Stick to your dollars and stop whining that other people have choices.Its USP is that you *can* use it to buy stuff, as opposed to Bitcoin where you can't.
Whether anyone does or not is up to the free market.
So basically you're too fucking lazy to google something like "bitcoin cash friendly businesses".
You'll see shit like reddit threads posting random businesses.
You can buy shirts apparently.Is it as prevalent as bitcoin yet?
No.
Are you going to move the goalpost now?
Yes.
You seem mad, which has proved my point.
"BCH is the ideal payment system" is empty rhetoric.
Expose it to market realities and it stands up to absolutely none of the demands of a payment solution.Sure you can buy services, and some specialist goods (thanks, antminer dude).
But do not believe that BCH is actually the payment solution that you can keep as a phone app and stroll around pinging crypto at people with.
It cannot happen with its volatility.Even if a 2nd tier arbitrage service was built on top of BCH to allow price averaging across a fixed period of time, that service would have to take so much in fees to remain profitably in business, that nobody would ever use it as a system of settlement.So, all I am saying is this: when BCH bagmen tell you it improves on BTC by letting you pay for goods - remember that their claims are based solely on the understanding that you will never actually attempt to pay for anything with BCH in a real world setting.
mining rigs
No, I am not asking for BCH friendly businesses.
Read the thread again.
You have completely misunderstood what is being requested here.
Goalposts remain squarely where they have always been: now go back and take another kick.
You can’t do anything with it ,it’s a meme and will never replace btc
https://localbitcoincash.org/index.aspOh look, list of businesses that accept bch, and not just services, actual physical goods.Now fuck off.
Or are you going to cry it's not available in your local area?
Bitcoin transaction acceleration...
I feel like its ransom money.
https://localbitcoincash.org/index.asp>checks Groceries > USA>One entry>it's in LA>it's for use of their BCH to Cash ATM>Try again>USA > Food Court>No entriesOK.
So... no businesses, is what you're saying?
Thanks for providing confirmation of my theory.
BCH is only a payment solution, so long as you donät actually try to pay for anything with it.
It's a "theoretical" system of settlement only.
I am fine with this.
Yep, cries it's not available in your local area.Kek.
Now go kill yourself with that goalpost you've been moving.
local area>entire continent>main global marketYou're just irrational, man.