The CEO of Horizon State gave a little sneak peek about their upcoming partnership announcement.Hint: It involves the United Nations.This could be true because of several reasons:- HST has an advisor who is also an important executive in the United Nations (pic related)- HST had presented their platform to the United Nations in New YorkAnnouncement will be made in December.
If you want to invest, now is the perfect time before HST is listed on Cryptopia by the end of November.
As always, do your own research.
x from here easy
x2 from current price is only $0.32 anon.Minimum $1 is possible by EOY.Don't forget we're not even on binance/bittrex yet.
Where can I load a bag of this up at
EtherDelta
etherdelta
ED/Kucoin
No other place than shitcoin plaza: EtherDelta.Also on KuCoin if you're a little bitch.
man up and go the ether delta route.
if you havn't figured it out yet you shouldn't fuck with crypto anyways
/biz/ meme'd me into this coin the other day.
However, I've been pleasantly surprised by how not shitty this coin is.DYOR, but one thing I did find is that they have a working beta app voting platform.
You can try it out at vote.mivote.org.au.
You'll have to have an Aussie phone number to actually cast the vote, but you can do everything up to that.
They apparently also have a MiVote app on the Aussie app store that you can download now.MiVote has also gotten some (positive) attention from Aussie press:https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/apr/14/mivote-aims-to-shake-up-democratic-process-with-a-click-and-a-taphttp://www.abc.net.au/triplej/programs/hack/mivote-launches-online-direct-democracy-voting-platform/8261112It's also worth noting that both those articles are from early this year.
So this definitely isn't some shitcoin slapped together in the past month for a quick PnD.
Amen brother, my favorite exchange for ERC20 shitcoins.
If I don't need to trade quickly, it's my preferred exchange.> can't be exit scammed on EtherDelta> no UDST bullshit on EtherDeltaLiterally just stop being retarded if you're not using EtherDelta and take the 5 minutes it takes to learn it.> inb4 but it's so uglyFuck you, you don't deserve the bags
I'll mention the one downside I've found with the coin, the telegram chat fucking sucks.
Everyone in it is a moon kid or some retard trying to get everyone else to do their research.> What exchangesssss?!??!?
!Literally it's in the pinned message.
AMA on Dec 1.
Better hurry because Ian Balina is shilling it to his live stream viewers as we speak.
It's actually the opposite.They are very mature people who are in this for long term.
But they are too patient even when they're down 50%.
Great to see the way the order book is building up
Maybe I've just had bad luck every time I've looked at it, as everytime there's just been moon kids and the same 5 questions about exchanges.There have been sane sounding people chiming in trying to answer questions to shut them up.
WRONG, there is already a project that is now on the rise as it has real relationship with the UN.pfft.
Definitely in for the long term.
Even if they never did a government election, all they'd have to do is place all that 'text your vote to 2874' shit to make a fuck ton of money
Plus its an operation in a first world country.
This isn't some shitcoin from Pakistan where they can just run with your money and not face consequences.
kek RT logo .. Putin’s really interested in free and fair blockchain elections
Sob paycheck doesnt come in till tomorrow
 can't be exit scammed on EtherDeltaAnon...
You can't get exit scammed by the exchange retard.You can definitely still buy plenty of scams on it though, if that's what turns you on.
United NationsHooooly fuck

$1 HERE WE COME
Brainlet hereHow does this work?
Countries,organizations etc pay to have these tokens and use them in voting?
Or do people own these tokens and they're only being lended to vote to whatever organization is interested in them for a fee?Ghe organization keeps them and call sell the tokens to another group who wants to use it for voting?
Not gonna lie I was only in for the end of month gains, but this project seems more and more OMG/Monero tier to me.
Especially since this isn't shilled nearly as hard.
A few pnd groups might try to get this coin to $1 to $2 but I think a legit case could be made for $10 ATH
Damn
This is kinda huge
Where is that Skella screenshot from OP?
Bought this when it was 0.20, thought I had made a mistake but glad I held.
Yes, the HST tokens will be used for voting in the platform.
But the ratio will vary, it's not fixed at 1 HST for 1 vote.Say, the UN wants to vote for something.
There are 5000 voters, so they have to buy 5000 HST (if the ratio is1:1).This will drive up the price of HST tokens.
Also a percentage of the tokens WILL BE BURNED after usage.If you have more questions, do join our telegram: t.me/horizonstate
That's right.
Market cap below $7m and circulating supply only 30m HST.
It is currently very undervalued.Once the team starts the marketing and binance/bittrex come, this shit will explode.Get in now, anon!It's from the official telegram, anon.
Join us t.me/horizonstateOur patience will be rewarded, anon.
I will not sell until $1.
Wish I had bought more, won't have money until the 1st..
Thinking about selling OMG for more HST, but maybe I should learn my lesson and just have patience with all of my alts.
HST Is some good shit
Will Bittrex ever list another ERC 20 token?
that's the only thing that prevents me from buying this coin
HST is now 80% of my portfolio.
Sold some of my OMG and ran out of ETH kek.Because I know this shit is another level coin.
$1 EOY is very possible because a $30m market cap is peanuts.I can't wait for HST to hit big exchanges so I can rub it on the fudders' face.Fuck yeah it is!That I have no idea, anon.
But even if it will take long for bittrex to list HST, there is always binance.Also cryptopia will list HST before the end of this month.
I hate to break it to you but no bittrex no moon, the best I have seen a binance coin do is WTC.
Well the team said that binance and bittrex are not off the table.So they will eventually list HST.
It's just a matter of time.
where did you find this?
Where did I find what?
Elaborate.
Tfw I now realize this
bittrex wouldnt cause it to moon for more than a day.
the press from huffington and united nations is enough to create more than the small 2m pump we just saw today.
2m aint shit
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7eozdm/horizon_state_hst_blockchain_ballot_box_teased_anUpvote.
Not my thread though.
fuck how did I miss this, we even went 100% over night and it still hasn't got the livecoin listing, nor the cryptopia listing, nor have we done the balina AMA yet....Shit man this is actually going to moon.
fuuuuuuuuuuu livecoin listing is up but still cant depositCOME ON!!!
I know right.If this shit can moon on shitty exchanges like ED and kucoin, imagine what will happen when it hits binance and bittrex.The normies haven't even heard about this.
And they will hear about HST after the AMA with Ian Balina.I can already smell that huge, green dildos.
You actually believe that UN will pick some shit coin, and will vote on its platform?
True delusion.
*UN related*, it could be anything in which case, it means they have clients lined up in anycase.
So it's a small MC coin, that has real clients in government, whether small or large clients are clients, it fuels the economy of the token further driving up the price.
now THAT'S how you shill a coin god damn it.
Already in it, can't wait to see where this goes
I've been paying close attention to their Telegram chat.
I can confirm that there will in fact be a huge partnership announcement sometime in December.
I'm in the process of placing some big orders because when the announcement is made, this ship is gonna moon.
I sure as hell am not going to miss out on this incredible opportunity!
i bet you think you are so clever behind that computer screen go to bed moron.
Not really.
I just know a good opportunity when I see one.
It's unfortunate you don't see things the same way.
Let's hope they'll announce it via skateboard sticker...
Sorry, I'm not into pump and dump schemes.
I'd rather invest in solid projects with good long term potential.
Real moonage not even started yet, x1.75 from such little "sneak peek", and what do you think would happen with price when real news start to come out?
True.There are still several milestones ahead of us that can pump the price even higher.>Cryptopia will list HST before the end of Nov Dec AMA with Ian Balina>Partnership announcement in Dec>Possible listing on Binance/BittrexWhen they announce the partnerships, obviously it will turn more heads and people will start paying attention to HST.I'm optimistic at least $1 is possible by EOY.
A $30m market cap is peanuts.
where is the cheapeast place to buy this?
kucoin?
Have any of you actually researched any of the claims?
Partner with the UN really?
I doubt a site looking like that will partner with the united nations... is this another confido?
HST is a pajeet pump n dump..kill yourself
If you're familiar with EtherDelta, that's currently the best place to buy HST.
If not, you can buy it on KuCoin.Kek this coordinated fud is weak and hilarious.>Have any of you actually researched any of the claims?The CEO himself said it on telegram.
I mean, if he's lying, he'd kill his own project, you dumbass.Also check the first pic on this thread.
HST team has an advisor who is an executive at the UN.>Partner with the UN really?They had presented HST to the UN in New York some time ago, before this coin moons today.>is this another confido?Why don't you do your own research, you stupid idiot?
Why are you expecting people to spoon feed you?HST is a pajeet pump n dumpYou are the pajeet here.
Do us a favour, please: buy a rope and hang yourself.
To the fudders: If your gonna trash a project, at least have some evidence to back up your claims.
Otherwise your just exposing yourself as ignorant little twats.
This desu.I wonder where do these fud-spreading pajeets come from?
Maybe they are another coin's holders who feel threatened by HST?Anyway, if you guys have doubt about the team or the project, I suggest you to take a look at their website: horizonstate.com/team/Also join our telegram.
You can ask any questions about HST there.
The team is very active and helpful: t.me/horizonstate
Fudding HSTLiterally what do you stand to gain?
If you're too lazy to dyor, Ian already reviewed it on his YT, the only reason he passed on it was because of the cap and number of coins, and it has been locked down to less than 10% of what they originally were going for
deposits are available on Livecoin now.
Yes, thank you for notifying us.HST is now trading on 3 exchanges:1.
EtherDelta2.
KuCoin3.
LivecoinCryptopia will also list HST before the end of November (date is not disclosed).Binance listing possibly in December.
another data point:A friend from my university visited after doing an internship at the UN in New York.
She was an arts student but knew more about crypto than all but one of my friends from STEM.
UN loves crypto because keeping good records (health, real estate, what have you) without having to pay the recordkeepers enough to be above bribery is a serious problem.
Thanks for providing additional information, anon!That is one of the many reasons why the UN wants to cooperate with blockchain companies like HST: Cost saving.Not only transparent and more efficient, the decision-making platform from HST is also cheaper than the conventional voting system.>That's an incentive for organizations to use HST platform rather than the conventional one.
One of the most well positioned projects in crypto
Bought at pump high it's gonna pump again before the news drops right
its too late to get in ?
just getting started
......you expect the fucking UN to buy shitcoins on EtherDelta to vote on stuff?
are you kidding me?
I'm fairly certain HS themselves buy tokens at market value and act as the middlemen between exchanges and organisationsDon't quote me on this
why not ?
You do realize the customer has the *option* to buy from exchanges right?
HST will buy the tokens themselves otherw- Wait you didn't read the whitepaper at all haha
I'm not going to be surprised, if this turns out to be just another fucking scam coin.
Not everything that glitters is gold!
Being so braindead you think this is what a partnership consists of
but it's still damn beautiful
You dumb pajeet, did you even read the white paper?
At least put some effort if you want to fud HST.
That way you won't embarrass yourself.Yes, correct.
The organizations/clients will buy the HST tokens through the Horizon State.Again I repeat, if you have doubts about the team or the project, I suggest you to take a look at the website and read all the informations provided there: horizonstate.com/team/Or join the telegram and ask your questions there: t.me/horizonstateThe answer is there, only a few clicks away.
If you're too lazy to DYOR, how will you ever make it in crypto?
Don't get mad because you invested in confido you piece of shit pajeet.