
I got wrecked too hard for not respecting BTC and going into alts too early.
You gotta wait for the end of those BTC shifts before jumping back on alt trading.
The whole landscape can shift when BTC does, so just hold low a couple days before jumping back in unless you're super confident with your day trading (aka on the computer 24/7)
What happened to the guy(s) who posted that anime face with the file name either "heh" or "deluded"
Now is a good time to buy.
Just bought 2k more
It's a /great/ time to buyThis is likely one of the last chances we have before the true moon mission begins.Not saying ARK is gonna moon 10x in a month or anything, this is a slow hold, but it's going to be a good one.
I expect $12 by Q1 2018
That's a fairly liberal adjustment.
What makes you think it'll 4x that quickly?
Just the upcoming update?
A new exchange?
Mobile wallets will allow more normies to invest.
All the top 10 coins have mobile wallets, and Ark's is 98% complete.
https://ark.io/roadmapThat isn't what'll get it to 4x alone, but it'll boost to $6+, and the hype and FOMO will lead it to go much farther.
I suppose that's fair.
I think I'll buy some more.
lmao who did this, arkies eternally btfo
Only 4k Ark, feelspoorman.Thinking of dropping the remaining 8 ETH I am hodling and picking up more Ark.
Just feels dirty to buy at 3$+
Only 4k Ark, feelspoorman.Real poorfag here
Hi anon, don't feel bad, give me your Ark address
With that investment, there really should not be any other lines in your Blockfolio - all in Ark
Nah it's coolDon't want no charityI just like showing off how poor I am compared to you earlier adopters of cryptcurrency.
Real poorfag hereHad 2, but voted for UncleChan and MoonMan
staking with $6This has to be a joke
i just put it into my wallet and keep spinning the faucet.. i know that i wont get much out of it, but i also wont do it with trading my 1,7 ARK
Fuck me, someone who doesn’t want charity on biz.
You’re alright anon
refusing free moneyThis is why you"ll stay a poorfag forever son.