tell me anything you know about this crypto
Its quite stagnant.
Does anybody even use it?
What's its purpose?
its one of my first and one of my faves.
very very lowkey and powerful concept
that's what I want to know.
it's +22% at poloniex today
Can you explain it better?
trips of truthDefinitely one of my favorites as well
Voting on changes is pretty cool, everything else is pretty much just a clone of BTC
Why it's +20%?
pump and dump?
it's something like dash?
bitcoin with alternative governance
trash
This coin will be dead in the water once Tezos comes out.
Decred suffers from horrible marketing
4534021DeCred is a hybrid PoW / PoS.
It's weighted 51% PoS so that the community has equal say and the miners (PoW) can never hijack the voting.
If by horrible marketing, you mean that they are professional and conscientious of the highly emotional crypto market and they want to avoid shooting themselves in the foot like the majority of projects do, then yeah, horrible marketing.Kek at the Tezos comment.
That's rich.
If decred really does have a professional product then why are they holding back from promoting themselves?
Tezos may have excessively capitalised from all the ICO fomo, but they do have a very interesting blockchain nonetheless.
I would personally be concerned if I was holding decred.
Ok well have fun with the Tezos lawsuit and missing out on monthly dividends from your DeCred stake.
You must be new here.
How much link did you buy?
Tezos died before it was even born.
Let's focus on cryptos that exist and are trying to prove their worth.
Most def not a pnd, just a very solid coin flying under the radar
4534646Please, those lawsuits will amount to nothing.
People suing a 500 million dollar project over 1 BTC or 10 ETH is laughable.
Anyway, I have nothing against Decred and the people who support it.. Its just you literally hear no news about Decred in this highly competitive space
Well since marketing seems to be so important to you then you should know that whether the lawsuits will amount to anything or not, they definitely make the project look horrible.
Especially in a time when the entire ICO process is so heavily scrutinized and will ultimately be the main reason they come down on crypto.
How much time do you spend gelling your hair before you leave your house every day?
Not necessarily, bad news is actually better than no news.
And once the platform launches the complaints will disappear.
sit down and let's learn about this project together
Right well good luck with your nonworking product stuck in a lawsuit while Decred is fully operational and running.Next time we have a red day, just take a peak at how DeCred handles the turbulence.
It will probably surprise you.
It's proof that people don't actually give a fuck about good governance, and would rather crowd around the BTC/BCH/BTG/BTD dumpster fire and play roulette.
This coin is not for brainlets.
and that's good?lol
once Tezos comes out
look what i found about this pump: voting.decred.org
Lightning Network 48h from here?
or it's another thing?
>voting on something as an obvious fucking YES as lightning work and calling it governance ahahahahahahahahahaha
The devs wrote the tool to do atomic swaps.Soon ASIC mining.Lightning Network vote passed.Going to enhance the privacy.And Charlie Lee shills it
Never going to become mainstream, except to a bunch of computer geeks.
However, they are innovative and provide the best features for other coins to steal.
Why it's +20%?
pump and dump?they have new shit coming soon so long term not a pnd
Decred solves the governance problem, which has been hold Bitcoin back for years.
In Decred stakeholders vote to upgrade the protocol.
It's a hybrid PoS/PoW system, stakeholders can overrule miners, so no need to worry about miner monopolies like Bitamin.
No need to argue for years on end when holders can simply vote and move on (whereas in Bitcoin holders resort to stupid shit like #uasf #no2x).
It's self-funding (a portion of the block reward goes to a development which stakeholders control), so no need to rely on outside investors who may have incentives that don't align with those of stakeholders (e.g.
Blockstream), and no need to rely on donations which would almost certainly be inefficient.Because of its governance system Decred will easily be able to grow and adapt into the future, whether that means adding smart contracts or quantum resistance or whatever.Their proposal system is launching in a few week, which means we will likely see marketing ramped up, getting listed on exchanges and I'm sure many interesting new projects.
Decred is trying to take decentralization and censorship to the next level: decentralizing governance, funding and development.
Decentralization (and thus censorship resistance) is ultimately what gives cryptocurrency value.
E.g.
Bitcoin started gaining value because it was used for purchasing drugs and stuff like donating to wikileaks, now that's what gives Monero value, Ethereum was used for decentralized funding (ICOs).It's hard to predict how exactly Decred will be used in the future, but Decred could have many huge applications outside of just making payments.
I could see, for example "virtual corporations" forming on Decred using the Decred governance infrastructure, where stakeholders can hold shares in that corporation, vote on proposals and receive dividends (staking rewards).The devs are some of the most talented and innovative around, but ultimately they aim to make themselves obsolete by decentralizing everything.Also, some great features coming in the near future including Lightning Network integration and enhanced privacy.I'm pretty excited about Decred, but it's hard to give an elevator pitch for it, so it's flying under the radar at the moment.
But I really think this could be really big in the future.
It's my biggest holding and I probably won't sell until its market cap reaches multiple billions.
I'm probably shit at explaining it so read these articles if you want more info: https://thedecreddigest.com/
*censorship resistance (first sentence)