What happend to odn do you remember?
>get added to topia> couple days steady price then moon>mooning hard>Fud starts as odn 3x ICO price.5x ICO price fud gets stronger and stronger trying to keep it down.
>fudders go at great lengths to even fake slack screenshots.
>proceed to Fud and lie about obsidian to crash price>Fud it back down to sub 10 million market cap These whales got it under a dollar... they got it under 50 cents.
And now are trying to accumulate even moar under 25 cents.
By the time this thing hits $1 again it will shortly go to $4I've been in whale groups long enough to know how to fudd and accumulate for cheap.
>If you're a regular /biz Anon ask yourself this, what purpose does it serve to fudd?
There was no scam, no funny business, no overhyped or broken promises.
This project is one of the few gold mines out here and you haven't bought in at a sub 10 million market cap.
You wanna know how people make 10-20x gains on this board?
It's buying into projects like obsidian this early and this cheap.
>buy>hold>stakeIt's that easyBe warned
trust me, pajeets and retards will now arrive saying "b-but nobody will use it, normies stick to cuckbook"
I have 10k lying around and don't even care about this shit until it is 1$+.
Even if it takes some months.
This kinda reminds me of Link, where the hype was so high it tripled within days, then was manipulated into the ground and slowly starts to get traction again because it is not possible anymore to suppress the price.This will happen with ODN as well.
At some point it will suddenly explode and massive FOMO comes with it.
Stop posting that image, it's incorrect, and the logo looks shit compared to the original.
Did you forget about IOC?
ODN fags got pumped and dumped while IOC has been steadily rising for the past two years.
Oh and their platform will be live and ready to announce partnerships in about 2 weeksStay poor odn fag
fug, what?
is it better?
IOC 40% away from ATH with 45m marketcap>wild swings all over indicating pump and dumps all over>"steadily rising for past two years"I see you are full of shit.
Look it up: Iocoin.io and read.
It has a lot more features and is already profitable for stakers.
What.. it’s been on the market for 2 years.
Look at the longer timeframe newfag.
It is 40% from ATH months ago.
So it is not steadily rising but dropping and pumping like a motherfucker since may.
Like 15 times.
So fuck off with your IOC shilling, nobody buys your bags.
Got IOC at 10k sats, have traded the pumps and increased holdings 5 fold.
They are far from bags homie.
I got ODN at 0.20$.
Don't know what youre talking about.
Still fucking nobody cares about IOC.
Odin Bros BTFO IOCucks
>paying to message people over the internetFucking deluded