refute this
So what you're saying is we need a permanent unchallengable and all powerful monopoly to ensure transient, smaller, monopolies don't come into being - because monopolies are bad.
Brilliant.
what crypto is this
unchallengablethere are elections last time I checked
When the bridges drop in price, the town wins.
If Peters wants to win he should try and differentiate his bridge so it's better, smoother, has more lanes, looks better, has faster tolls etc.
These are capital improvements Goldenfold lacks and requires him to invest on to compete.
If Peters has a superior business model a rational market will provide Peters with additional funding.
If it's a good bridge then the added infrastructure of two bridges will further incentivize additional building development around that area.
In time, the increased traffic could lead to both bridges operating at near peak capacity.
Nothing is about superior features any more.
See cars, smartphones, clothing, and nearly everything else.
All that matters is whether it's well supported by propaganda to make you think other people think it's cool.
(((goldenfold)))Even these maymay comics are woke.
If Peters has a superior business modelyes but>Goldenfold can just drop the price low and run at a loss for a while>Goldenfold has the capital to make improvements, Peters doesn't>If Peters is somehow successful, he simply takes Goldenfold's place as the monopolist (highlander style)>Even if Peters provides a differentiated service that draws a portion of the traffic, him and Goldenfold are still in prime position to conspire (only 2 major companies, oligopoly scenario)You are counting on innovation to bail you out of a monopoly, which isn't always going to work out.
And for a lot of services, the product is homogeneous, such as electricity, water, roads and other public infrastructure
I agree with this, and it's why I oppose net neutrality.I'd rather use the violence monopoly of the state to simply break up the ISP trusts rather than """""""regulate""""""" the internet as a """""utility""""".There is no comparison between the internet and other utilities.
The potential for mishandling and misusing the information on the internet is so great I refuse to support any additional oversight by the government.
Look at what they already do without explicit permission (NSA).
is right, but the entire existence of the state is a violence monopoly.
Sometimes it's useful.
Kill the ISP trusts and in no way permit the government to ((((((((((((ensure the equality))))))))))) of internet traffic.
Whatever mechanism they're granting themselves legally will involve some other power to police it, which after 20 supreme court cases with Jewish lawyers and justices will wind up being "the government has plenary right to control all packets of information transferred over any protocol ever"Watch it happen.
And watch the trendies celebrate it
How about Mr Peter's doesn't finance the bridge with debt?
If Mr Peter's could come up with a credible way to build a bridge that couldn't be destroyed by predatory pricing (it could survive until Jew man stops wanting to lose money) then golden Jew might pre-emtively lower prices so the second bridge is never built.If they want a public utility bridge they can build one.
Goldenfold's bridge is an option that they are free to use if it is worth the price to them.
They are not forced to use it and they are not prevented from building their own.
Elected officials don't have profit motives
Except that you need the internet to get a job in 2017.
You need a job to get money(if you're a wagecuck) and you need money to buy food.ISP's already have a monopoly, giving them even MORE POWER by eliminating net neutrality is literally the most ass backwards shit i've ever heard in my life.
Hmm I a think a solution to this problem would be to have an independent part govern the use of said utility so the government does not misuse it.As stated however, this part needs to be neutral.
But who watches the watchman?Companies are simpler, they are only out for more profit.
This can become a huge issue though as illustrated in the picture when the monopoly starts to usurp large amounts of money that could be put to developing the economy.The only issue would be is to have an independent party govern it, but then again corruption is a real issue.
What you need is a system where politicians can not become corrupt, sadly it is human nature to become corrupt.
A system is needed where a law can be over ruled be the population if enough people vote to abandon said law.A VETO for the people in effect.
Nice just bought 100k
That's a bad thing.
They have no incentive to be the least bit frugal.