Most of you are not going to make it.
Joke's on you, most of us are already crabs in a bucket pulling you down with FUD
everyone in this channel is making it, why are you?
https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
especially op.
Unless you buy cha1nlink
can mods do something about this ponzi pnd discord shilling
I'm in my first week and I agree
But you have already or?
Lol
IF that's accelerating coins it's a scam, if it's big pump it's a super scam.
Fuck off pajeet.
I've already made more money than I had by buying BTC a few days agoFeels good to ride the normie wave, its only to go up from here I can feel it
implying your not sitting on 100 btc in which you bought in 2010
It’s sad because I really thought I was gonna be one of the ones that was just barely going to make it I started with 0.2 btc in may and Just before the random btc bull run and alt market disappearing I peaked at 17 btc now I’m at fucking 5 and it just drops everyday.I don’t know how to make any btc in this market apart from trading shitcoins, it’s really depressing desu
i know right?
fucking idiots didnt buy chainlink cheap, shit is going over $10 in 2 years.
guys and a whitepaper in the back of their vanmaking the crypto currency scene spectacular againdriving around with their crewspreading FUD rumors as they usually doit was about 7 or 8 and it came timethey struck with peculiar swiftness and strength in timeBTC was done for, it was over they saidBut at last BTC reigns supreme in the end
All green ID's ITT will make it
DELET THIS
Yes
im in
easy.
fuck 6 months ago you couldn't help but double your money - these days its fucking pumps for 30 seconds then slow bleed for weeks.
Fuck Bitcoin/Cash, excessive ICOs and stupid fucking forks for killing the goose that laid the golden eggs
CONT> You will surely win if you invest in the cryptoworld.
Be safe and save coins at the dips.
We're all going to make it.............IN CRYPTO WORLD.
please
Maybe so, but I'll ride the roller coaster all the way to the end anyways.
I laughed.
Just put a good stack on BCPT, screenshot this for in 24 hours i will have made it
But you're pink.
Especially the LINKies
If they buy IoP they will