>Execution of this vision is ultimately the responsibility of the OmiseGO team, the authors not part of the OmiseGO team are principally only responsible for providing technicalguidelines and the architecture.
End of the white paper.Hope you believe in skateboardman to build an empire!
what are you implying?
Vitalik has already blown his load on you.You're on your own now.
Hope you can beat Visa!
just an idiot posting some weak FUD.
ignore and sage.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Have you seen how try hard Jun is?Begging for liked from Vitalik, and getting none.
Trying to imply Vitalik talking about Ethereum at a conference has something to do with OMG.There's a reason he's so desperate.
Get laid son stop spreading disgusting FUD
OMG is going to zero.
It will be the first in a long line of vapourware ICOs to fall.
Pink wojaks of the like you have never seen.
Please keep fuding lower prices for me...when it moons ill be rich u can stay poor hahahaha
Lol sure
30 dollarinos when
LMAO, where did you go long from?
How much of your position did you liquidate?
.5
>people think this is better than REQkek
Where is the code?
What does it do?
This is an erc20 token (which any pajeet can make).
They have coded nothing.
They are selling you a promise that they will be using plasma (still not coded by omg) when (IF) its released in 2019.
And that is based on a complete guess that plasma will even be usable up to the volume of transactions they claim without any proof of concept what so ever.
Anyone buying this is absolute deluded.
There isnt even a discussion to be had about this.
Its mental illness at this point.
They are releasing the wallet sdk this quarter you fucking nigger
wallet this quarter only testing broIm bullish omg longterm but short term bearish for sure.Real wallet and staking comes Q2 I believe
Wallets already exist for erc20 tokens lmfao retard
Look at this fucktard.
Did i say no wallets exist for erc20 tokens?
This is the omisego walledt sdk with their own tech.
Im not even gonna bother explain the advantages to a redneck retard like you
No like from Vitalik.
Sad!
OMG will destroy REQTARDS.I can't wait.>haven't you heard, YC is "aggressive"LMAO, YC produces some of the largest vapourware out there.
anyone buying this is deludedIts speculation sure.But their team is good.Also the guy who is designing plasma also created the lightning network (segwit).You are probably trolling but there is potential in omg.People on this board are buying digital beans so I dunno but there are a lot of worse picks then omg.
lightning network (segwit).Fuck this board you retarded faggots
>REQMore like REEEEEEQ
what exactly is your problem with that sentence?
We are pumping OMG.
https://discord.gg/XEmadRR
I pump your mom.
Lightning is completely different from segwit
My point was that lightning was possible since segwit is active.
Which will go interstellar first.
OMG or Link?