These high fees are temporary:Let bcash supporters run out of money to finance their spam transactions (which should cost about $0.1M-1M /day).Let segwit wallets and lightning network come.Wait until coinbase gives out bcash to its users.HODL & buy the dip.
Here are some articles the document the spam transaction attacks:https://bravenewcoin.com/news/bitcoin-spam-attack-stressed-network-for-at-least-18-months-claims-software-developer/https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/curious-case-bitcoins-moby-dick-spam-and-miners-confirmed-it/https://blog.blockcypher.com/a-bitcoin-spam-attack-post-mortem-s-la-ying-alive-654e914edcf4
Core Tactic #4: Malicious AttackersPretend congestion problems are merely transient issues that are entirely the result of malicious entities sending "spam transactions" and not the inability of Bitcoin to handle normal transactional demands.
Use this to distract from the fundamental issue that limited capacity of 1MB block sizes does not permit sufficient transaction volumes.DO NOT entertain the notion that it's unacceptable a currency is vulnerable to a supposed spam attack in the first place!
a month ago the mempool was emptyhow do you explain that?
bcash Tactic #1: only think about the future of cryptocurrency in the current week.
Find any solution to solve the current state even if that means creating a blockchain with 100 Terabytes.
Changing the block size parameter is much easier when you know shit about coding.
dick spam
What about BTG?
Is the BTC sell off for BCH a play to get investors to sell their BTC so it doesn't have to matched when BTG goes live?
BTG is total shit, vertcoin and GRS are much better.
When bittrex users get their BTG it will dump.
Even if it doesnt who cares about a coin that will be x smaller than BTC and will dye long-term
These high fees are temporary:AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAAAAAHave they raised the block size?
No.
Of course, the fees may go down again, but only because people have moved to other coins.
That's how it goes every time.Just look at the graph of Bitcoin's market cap dominance versus full blocks.
It literally has been dropping since blocks were full.
The recent spike coincided with the announcement of segwit2x and the possible saving of Bitcoin via 2MB blocks and moving to a different dev team.
Now that is cancelled, Bitcoin is back to losing marketshare to alts.Look at the graphs, faggot.
You don't have to believe me.
when did you buy bitcoin for the first time you moron?
2 days ago?Even litecoin is better than bcash you retard.
because nobody actually uses litecoin.
I and many would use litecoin over bcrash for sure.
bcrash is going to be the outcast coin