337 in KOREATOP #1 SOONLEFT BTC AND BCH IN THE DUST
JINXED
After witnessing the BTC-BCH shitshow, investors will choose to buy a coin with a more stable value, ETH, and in the process slip the price up to $850.
Ching chong boiled dog egg roll DIARRHEA
>tfw I was about to buy my limit in eth oday.
I guess I will wait.
400 in kOREA
all in, been waiting.
lets go.. ATH soon!
it got dumped immediately after lol
>you didn't fucking listenDon't worry, there's still time

ETH MOON!
yes yes ETH good buy now ATH coming make money yes
How does this work?
Why would anyone pay $400 for something that can be bought for $317 elsewhere?
I don't get it.
It's the same shit like in some African countries I keep hearing about where Bitcoin is like $12,000.
Or that guy who posted here yesterday who bought Bitcoin Cash for $4700.
I don't get it at all.
Who ended it?
why the fuck do people even use bitcoin anymore?eth is clearly superior
because its hard for them to buy bitcoin with their fiat.
coinbase doesnt service the congo m8.
Because that is the price in won converted to usd, won is what they have on hand, change to usd cost time and money
I'm starting to believe after this shit show
Who is selling it to them at that outrageous price?
That seems like a prime opportunity for making some cash
What's up with koreans this weekend?
They've been pumping bch, dash, and now eth.
i want to add a practical exercise for you, see if you can make money by selling them btc in won and buying in usd
gets the noggin joggin
They know Kim Dong Bing Bong is going to nuke them soon so they're throwing a goodbye party.
go to these countries and use localbitcoinsin kenya and south africa its trading 1k over spot
talk about the pump here!https://discord.gg/UaxaW3J
Where is that from?
You're more likely to get kidnapped and buttfucked to death there for that kind of cash deal than anywhere else.
You should do it.
scam group>last pump was a total failure because admin literally dumped instantly and told everyone else to hold for 2 days
you only need to go there for the bank account.
just do transfer, no need to meet IRL.
Pretty much 80% of these groups or more desu.
And even when it isn't the case, just 1 whale joining the group and playing against it to profit off it fucks over the entire group.These groups are pointless.
You can't trust anyone.The only groups that matter are small groups of large whales that have a long term working relationship that is more profitable for them all than fucking each over once and destroying trust.
Are there any solid crypto discords where I can just chill and talk about news/trends/predictions?
Solteric capital
Back up to 343
generally if you see some tasty looking margin that lasts any amount of time there's some reason it hasn't been taken care of by the arb traders, once you go add up all the fees etc there probably isn't anything in it because there is someone out there who can take some unique advantage, they'll just keep hammering away at it for as long as it remains profitable.
free money if you can create or just end up in a position to do this