So Power Ledger did a X6 from ICO once it hit Binance and Bittrex, why didn’t /biz/ shill this coin more.
Why are we all jerking of over LINK, BCH etc., meanwhile POWR does a fucking 6X, and also Bittrex added a new coin finally.
What the fuck /biz/???
Explain yourselves
Quite a bit of shilling around lately, so I don't see your point.It's a gorgeous fucking coin though, doesn't seem to stop going forward even after several 50% pumps.
/biz/ only shills shitcoins
why didn’t /biz/ shill this coin moreYou're blind.
It was shilled since day 1 on binance.
posted about it 5 days ago with links and info on all progress made.
Cant catch them all.
I was lucky enough to come across 4-5 wake up calls about the potential of this coin over the last 6 months.
Sometimes you just miss them.
I'm on-board with this coin but not much.
How much is the price going to rise when PBC publishes?
Because it offers steady gains over a period of time.
People would rather chase "omg it's mooning right now" shitpost than make 5000% by holding for a year
 imo this is a coin you should be buying and selling to accumulate.
The real moon will be in mid-late 2018.
Its so undervalued right now its crazy.
still offering comfy consistent gains too
>buy>goes down like a rockThis piece of crap better go up tomorrow.
Do you actually expect it to shoot up to $3 right after you buy?
Hold, you retard.
You will see the gains.
4448355Do you even fucking read?
Do you have ADD?
Stop looking for one day moonshots Jesus fucking Christ.
Buy POWR and HOLD.
I'm not going to hold this for a year lmao.
I give it two weeks max unless I find something else.
Trust me bro.
you made the right decision.
Give it the full 2 weeks and youll want to give it more time.
Then why did you even buy it at ATH?
If you're a swing trader that's not very smart
Easy $
Fucking love this coin and its just getting started
it's a shit coin, and it's not the pick, so after teeka picks a coin at the summit this is going to shit
i guess you missed the leaked draft where it was POWR, and i dont think that was a fake, it fit pbc's style 1000%, and even if its not the pick this is one of the few coins that has a real world use case.
It is NOT the pick, and honestly all these 'solar' coins are shit
Good, dumbfucks stopped crashing the price.
Dude, honestly you should sell now.
Take your profit