i wanna make a webapp related to shitcoins, i have some ideas but they're not very good.what should i make?
source of the roastie?
idk take this
where are you getting these videos from dammit
is he a thai ladiboii?
does it matter?
She's asian.
11/10 automatically
sauce?
Not OP, but here's another I have of her.I would like sauce as well.
We want the sauce.
wherethefuck are you getting this from if you don't have the sauce man.
Come on jabroni.
I got sauce, im gonna need 0.01 btc tho
fuck off pajeet
FUCK OFF OP I AM TRYING TO FOCUS ON TRADES NOT FAPPINGFUCK OFF!!!!!!!!!
!REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
give the sauce
i can't tell which one is the good one because of the thumbnail
WHO THE FUCK IS THIS
TELL US WHO THE FUCK THIS IS
4275836it's just a candid shot, there is no porn.
i have it.
i have it on mega somewhere
By the way if you're talking to girls and they do this shit with their hair it means they're attracted to you.
It's an involuntary movement that exposes her most vulnerable part of her body, the neck, which means she's basically telling you that she trusts and submits to you.
Seriously.
Way too hot for porn
Share full pls
Some fake it
give us the megalink dammit
damn I wish i was rich enough to pay for a hooker like this
https://mega.nz/#!UzAk1ShA!RkDsxux5LZhn2j8zZKwKOGWSrlkmKu7itL4YH4eqi2k
anon delivers
I hate to say this, anon.
But you are a fucking pervert.
I'm so confused about what's going on in this video.
Is she a street hooker?
Is she getting picked up by some random chode?
looks like she's just meeting a friend and some random recorded it.
it's Australia i think.
mfw I'll never have an asian friend that looks like her.
Why even live
she's got big boobs but she's not that hot dude.
move to a city with a higher asian population if you got yellow fever.
move to a city with a higher asian population if you got yellow fever.I live in Irvine but none of the asians look like her
Melbourne Central
Virgin Detected
There's no way those tits are real, she's a chink.
The fucking MVP.
Thanks anon
yeah that looks like underground MC lolLots of rich Asian fobs with daddys money with girls like that, I'm jelly as fuark
teach me more sempai
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MY LINKS
it's a guy you idiot
Did I just jerk off over a guy?
i have a suspicion that isn't first hand knowledge.
but yeah you're basically right
4275458>abg with tits hanging outSign me the fuck up, gotta get me a fucking Audi and some Boba tea and these bitches will be all over me right guys
gotta get me a fucking Audi and some Boba tea and these bitches will be all over me right guyshaha fucking too true.
4277368Kekkin at this thread desu lads
she's got big plastic balloons strapped to her chest.
those aren't boobs.
learn the difference.
we need the original vertical video for max res.
what are you, fucking gay?
It's true - understanding a womans body language is first and foremost.
It dictates the game plan.
However unsure if this is a ladiboi
4278351The part where she grabs the dude’s wrist is a clearer giveaway.
I’d bet she dressed like that for the purpose of him seeing too.
She wants to get BLEACHED so hard
yep, she wants to fuck his brains out.
lol his arms are thinner than hers
yikes!
That is one seeeeexy asian.
openload co /f/xfXbBrYIE-8/My_Movie.mp4Here's a extended video I found, she's with some asian hypebeast-looking guy.inb4 I steal your LINK lel
yep.
Gotta admit, I'm jelly as fuck of this guy.
He's got small arms, probably a small dick, and will fuck this 10/10 qt3.14 asian's brains out.
4275458Asian women this pretty are way more intimidating than women of any other race
nofacemy face when no asian qt3.14 mirin at my noodle arm.
Factually correct I’ve only seen 2-3 Asian 11/10s in person before and every time I was almost paralyzed with intimidation.
Like these women were aliens or something as the only explanation for how beautiful they were.
Every 11/10 acted like they were one, too
wow bunch of pussys, are you fucking beta midgets?
It's funny how easy it is to tell who the little kids are in any thread.
Asian girls with white girl tits/ass are the GOAT.
you gay now niggaand yea its melb central i recogize the giordano shop behind and those seats
inb4 this thread gets derailed any furtherWhat are some of your ideas/directions you want to go?
girls will use their bodies to get just about anything.
doesnt mean shell give up the puss