PWR IS A BUY TO $2.80.
Bitcoin needs to consolidate for a while before the next rocket ride to another ATH.
Meanwhile, we can 10X in PWR, with which to buy more Bitcoin to ride to the 100K moon.
Proof of Life Trip in Pic.
Red Head standing by.
all cards open by power like alon musk rumor, aus govt backing, there wont be any bigger news than those for this shit.
its fall back to 20's and sleep there forever.
good luck for bag holding.
It won’t 10x in a day, you damn retard.
it’s a long term hold, most likely a 30/40% gain if you bought the dip and you’re lucky but then will dump.
Did I say 10x in a day, Faggots?
No.
Go back to your Neo containment zone, please.
Am I over there fucking with you?
No.
Fuckoff.
>tfw bought in at .26You better be right
If Tweeka Pajeet Shills this, it will 4x in 4 hours.
You’re asking to pump POWR to have more fuel to rise BTC to 100k.What the fuck are you even saying stupid pajeet?>OLDFAGBIZYou most likely bought Bitcoin a week ago, shut the fuck up.
If I wanted any shit out of you, I would squeeze your head.
You are so Badass, retired miltel, an Operator, and bat .999 on your crypto calls.
Will (you) be my Step Dad?
Maybe (you) should try bouncing back and forth between BTC and Alts to get rich like non Neanderthals.
Instead, (you) participate in a Religious Zealotry hatred of Bitcoin.
staypoorjpg.
I guess you did and bought high and now you’re desperately trying to pump the price to not sell at a loss or even make a little gain.Don’t day trade you’ve no idea of what your doing.
Already have a wife and three daughters, and two nieces that are staying with me.
That's more women than I can handle.
One just came back from Uni in Europe, and brought her Frenchy hubby and my Grandkid along, so things are kinda crowded, even in a house this large.
Would love to accommodate you otherwise.
"To not sell at a loss".
I'm in it to win it, Fool.
If you were not a Religious Zealot, and had participated in my Bitcoin Threads, you would know that I have Fists of Iron and Balls of Steel.
I will be in PWR whether it dips or not.
I happen to know Tweeka Pajeet is going to shill this.
When he does, I will bail at 4x, and start another Moon Mission on BTC.
After the australia announcement, I believe PBC will be choosing it as well
*tear.
Good work, DYOR.
That is one of the things that decided me to join this Bogan Moon Mission.
"No offense, M8."
Wow.
*Yawn* *Stretch* Couple of basement dwelling neets bought in ,then dumped to try to create a sell off.
You pissed off I din't roll over and let you bully me in this thread?
You must lead some sad sorry unsatisfactory lives.
Run along upstairs now.
Mum has tendies ready, and you are VERY late for School.
Oh thats right, YOU FAILED AT THAT TOO.
you failed.
AGAIN.
I went all in *FINGERS CROSSED*
this is a bad sign, I threw $100 bucks into it, at .18 it's doubled since.
I don't expect it to go over .5 anytime soon but still going to hold it for the long term, it's promising.