>dragon slayer>the flippening
BCH is going up and we are still 16 hours away.
The dragon will get a good beating.
you know dragon is just referring to the dragonchain ico rightlmao
>bitcoin is digital gold
This shit will dump to 0.1 if nothing happens lol
why wojak not have legs in this picture
>death spiral>miners will kill BTC this time
>he actually fell for the meme
the magical flippening i keep seeing after a big pump, followed by a dump.
Sorry.
I derailed the BCH pump and diverted it in to BTG.
I warned my Inside Followers last night, and they took up positions ahead of time.
Most of them bought in to BTG at $265 when I told them, and sold at $400.
Cheers.
Thanks for the pump, Cashies.
wtf is the dragon slaying?
idk if youre him, but i was in the thread where he cryptically mentioned btg

did you hear what happened to alwaleed?apparently hung him upside down and killed his body guards
HOLY FUCK ITS HIM!
THREAD THEME IS NOW IRON MAN, BECAUSE HE HAS HIS REVENGE!
TOAST TO BE IN LEGENDARY BREAD!
Yeah.
Heard about that.
Some American Merc Operator caught up with him.
Those things happen.
oldfag, i'm holding glitter coin, should i sell it now?
Wow.
Legendary :)
Lemme make some calls and do some TA.
get back with you in a sec.
you getting ready for the bag holdening like last time?
lmao
those things happenI thought we were just here to make mad gainz.
Are we really at the point where we are knocking each other off?
Thanks oldfag
Current consensus is support around $330.
May make a short run to $368 within the next hour, but will come back to support.
Will slowly climb a bit for the next couple of hours then slowly bleed off for a few hours .
Will pick back up tomorrow afternoon/ evening when I get done with some particularly unpleasant chores.
potential for a new ATH within the next two days.
In a bit of a holding pattern with BTC until the BBT Episode.
If $330 support fails, might go to $265, but not below.
No matter what you are bagholding at, you will be allright.
"We" are not knocking each other off.
Most here have no clue what goes on at the Money Sources.The aforementioned individual was not captured for his financing of the BCH attack on Bitcoin, but for his involvement in the financing of 9/11, and a other more grievous offenses.
There is a New Era in his Country, and The Swamp is being drained.
He was part of The Swamp.
Thanks you oldfag
Oldfag, I just lost $200 in BTG because I'm retarded.
How can I make it back?
$1500 capitalI was thinking BCH at $1550 or something
How far you gonna take it?
Can we please drain the swampiest swamp on the planet?
You know what I mean.
not oldfag but how exactly did you fucking manage this anon
.75%/hour
Buy in at 370up up up upholy shit 10000 here we comeALL INsell at a loss, i had a few chances to sell for a profit
Yeah, once a tear has run out of steam, you wanna be careful of the head fake buy walls popping up out of nowhere.
They are bots/ whales fomoing you into buying, and then they sell in to your buy.
Yeah, I'd be real careful with BCH now, so close to The Floppening.
Rumor pumps are only safe to two days out from the "News" that the rumor is false.
Just like Neo dumped 2 days before its "News".
which was, of course, nothing.
Walk away for a day.
do something fun.
clear your head, then come back refreshed without Battle Fatigue.
Wait, watch, lurk, and learn.
strike when the moment presents.
Sometimes a sniper can wait a week in the same hide pissing in a bottle waiting for just the right shot.
Thanks
never get into pumping coins if you don't learn you'll lose the remaining money you have.
you can get into BCH after it dumps.
Yeah that's a good idea.
I actually only lost profit I made but it's fuck
I have to admit, I fomod back in at $377, dumped 3 minutes later at $398 cuz sell wall.
Made $1800 in 3 minutes.
Geurilla trading.
Hit and run.
Don't buy into a million dollar sell wall.
If you don't have the dough to move it yourself, or bluss the wall into moving, bail and wait for it to move.
Have many screens up, many sources of info.
calls coming in, texts coming in, phones ringing, emails.
everything all at once.
Build a trading war room with your gains.
Make contacts.
Cyber security is extremely important when you get to the top.
HAHAH SUCK IT CASHIES
Well it is worth looking around to see if anything concrete has come to light
the flippeningI get triggered every time I read this reddit tier shit.
Welp, punching out for the night, people.
Big day tomorrow.
Good Night.
Good night bro
Good Night Reddington.
goodnight oldfag