WTF you guysWhy is LINK dropping despite everything else being green?
When is our moon mission?
Because CFD and REQ are the only two things LINK has going for it>swiftBAHAAHHAHAHA

because no exchangefuck sirgay
despite everything else being green
Thanks for checking the price everyday.Rent.
Free,
A C C U M U L A T E U DENSE FUCK
Wait so are you implying we're gonna fall farther?
?What the FUCK I hope this is just a troll
>CFD getting Joosted >CFD loudly proclaimed they are using Chainlink for oracles.>wh-what if LINK is an exit scam too.And the fear spreads
I hope it drops more so I can buy another 30k.
Honestly, I question who the fuck even holds LINK, there just seems to be constant SELLING PRESSURE, holy fuck, did they premine billions of coins and give them to their own friends?
It's so fuckin epic to see this coin dropping daily.ORACLE PROBLEM will be saved once this ERC20 token achieves the impossible - reaches sub $0 price!
WOW!> free rent
implying all of /biz/ doesn't already hold LINKFace it, if you're not holding it you're a normie
AAAH NOW DOWN TO 5% LOSSES
this is the bottom, amazing time to buythis shit goes 10000% the moment the good news come out.
Cant wait to buy even more and average down some.
None of you dummies are invited to the moon party
Every sell is a buy
it's fucking hilarious that any NON-LINKIES that jump on the fomo wave if this shitcoin ever rises would likely get a better ROI than you over zealous Sergeyphile holders through this massive crash.
O B S E S S E D
hilarious Or >rent free
despite everything else being greenu wot m8?
This.
I'll just jump in in three months when this starts going back up
Hahahahahaha HahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahaTruely below ICO price.
Fuck this scam and you paid shills.
This is cancerCoin.
4454318>asleep when big news hits>wake up, price already $5>AAAAHHHH, why didn't i buy the rumor???
This
JUST let us do our thing bro.
I get paid 0.01 BTC for making threads like this.
Rent.
Free.
Why so much emphasis on the erc20 part?The token is used to pay to the node operators.
You really don't need anything else.
This.
Every /biz/ Anon should have at least 5k LINK.
It's not below ico price.It never went below ico price.
i'm holding about everything but link, i don't like filling my portfolio with garbage too much
Chainlink is a scam and doesn't solve the oracle problem, actually a solution to the oracle problem is a paradox and can't exist and if it does then it pretty much guarantees massive fraud.
I read a study about it which was published by the MIT and peer reviewed, also reminds me of the work of Dr. Braun (or whatever he is called)Kinda feel bad for the dumb people holding this coin and thinking the oracle problem was solved by some stuttering fat weed addict who won some special ed price at SIBOS last year.
$5 Q1 2018
never gonna happen, I'd recommend you read up on Smart Contract problems before spouting retarded bullshit.
Only the idiots held after the conference, most of us were telling you then to sell.
But people like you were going>Y-You can't time the market>The moon mission will leave you behind>I'm never sellingFalling for the HODL meme is pathetic reddit tier behavior.
just bought 1000 link.
hopfully it goes up to .50 cents someday.
Every sell is a buyWhat?
4455462>this FUD againlmao.
Rent.
Free.
Fuck off with this shit some faggot named anus braun said ten years ago
what do you guys mean when you say "rent.
free."?
whats the joke here?t.
pollack
It's their cope mechanismLinkies are too retarded to make a funny meme
They're asking to live rent free because thry blew all their savings on a shitcoin
Check this guy out, he has no LINK AHAHAAAAAAHAAHHAAHHAHAAHAARent.
Free.
The absolute state of /biz/
it literally means we don't need to shill because Link already lives rent free in your headlike the faggot that made this thread that dosent own any but checks the price of link everyday
So obsessed with link he doesnt shower for days.
But he hates it...
It isn't.
Bitcoin crash will bring down all alts without exception.
The only major mistake about this picture is "2018".
Market will take longer to recover, so end of 2019-2020 is more like it.
These are like post ATH trumpcoin threads
It isn't.
Bitcoin crash will bring down all alts without exception.ETH?