CRAWWWWWWLING IN MY SKIIIIIIIIN THESE WOUNDS THEY WILL NOT HEALLLL
What the fuck is happening with this coin, why is it losing so much support?
Is this the last shakeout of bagholders before it moons.
Does Roger really need it to become that cheap?
4389431>tfw can't tell if pajeet (((blockstream))) shills or brainletsBCH is trading perfectly within a desc wedge, it should break up soon.
there are no overt bearish breaks or any reason, technical or fundamental, to be panicking
N-N-NOOOOO NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BCH is trading perfectly within a desc wedge, it should break up soon.Oh just like last time when it bled till 0.055?
so mining difficulty got really easy for a little while so all the miners switched fucking the btc networkis that going to happen again?
I trust you anon, I am not a Pajeet.
I just don't know what's going on with this coin right now.
If you know for sure it's going to bleed until then, just wait and buy in at the bottom.
How can you lose?
I'm thinking about it.
Worried that people won't fall for it a 2nd/3rd time (depending on if you count Brittrex credited trading at the started), but I bet Jihan and Roger will pull some shit again to make people think a 'flippening' is gonna happen again
Shit meant 3rd/4th
The fuck are you talking about?
Just look at this 30 min graph.
BCC had it's chance with the cancellation of Segwit X2 fork, but when the korean exchange that had half of BCC's volume broke down it killed the prospect of this coin.
Now it's bleeding down to where it was.
4389531I mean, this is crypto, people will always fall for it.
It's how any of us makes money because people like OP and  keeps trading on immediate trends.
They see a sudden pump, too late they join in, you and I already dump, and they hold the bags.
green IDtrips of absolute truth
My only worry is that this pump up was so much bigger than last time that I'm worried about the number of bagholders there might be to impede progress up again who are just looking to break even and sell.
Still, it's not a bad bet to take
It's up 300% in a week, now we're just shaking out the weakhands before the next leg up.
Agreed.
Pumped so hard it surpassed Bitcoin in volumeThis was more than a PnD
if an exchange crashes then a coin is killed forever
ONE exchange keeping the BCC price up
if an exchange that holds nearly half of a coin's volume crashes in the middle of a pump so massive that it surpasses bitcoin in volume THEN a coin is killed for the foreseeable futureI'm wrong?
ONE exchange keeping btc upsame fucking thing dude.
Tether and scamming chinks is the only reason your precious BTC is worth anything more than $1000