Let me explain to you what is happening since you're all fat and retarded1)Neo is mooning as anticipated2)People who did not buy into NEO are FOMOing out of control right now, and the smart ones are buying into ETP since it will be the number 2 chinese crypto and will see Neo-esque gains very soon3) Powr is primed to moon because it's going to be the PBC pick and it's actually a good investment
この女性はアジア人ではない
> still falling for the PBC meme
ITS NOT TOO LATE FOR NEO SINCE IT WILL GO TO $150 EOY FAGGOT
You're pretty nervous right now arent you?
you are obviously the same fag spamming caps lock in every NEO thread.
Dont worry you are definitely going to get dumped on.
And I screenshotted it to post later.
Will be fun to see them cry
Metaverse is much better and not driven by hype.
I think ETP will be huge...Neo is focusing on foreign markets too much.
Buying ETP now is too obvious and will provide easy gains.
Shorters are keeping ETP price at bay.
In terms of liquidity and exposure, Neo already has the best possible.
If the news on Monday isn't HUGE, and I mean Neo to become monopolised Chinese platform huge, it will see a substantial sell off.
Meanwhile, Metaverse is only really available on bitfinex, not really an alt trading platform, with margin trading suppressing any significant movement.
They have a huge team (bigger than Neo's), and increased exposure and exchange listings will reward a lot more than Neo.
Neo needs to more than double to reach $100, ETP needs to triple just to reach $10.
Think, if you're in on Neo right now, you're hedging on China to make it its sole ICO platform, killing all other Chinese projects.
China is known for using only domestic technology, but do they create monopolies domestically?
Not really.
Peace
>metaverse>eth>neo>lisk>nem>Qtum>Eosare they all fucking the same?I have some neo bought pretty cheap compared to know but how can you guys invest in any of this shit?
the market is clearly overfuckingsaturated with those "do it all" platforms, while their only purpose is to create/work around other shitcoins
I forgot also>etcand probably like 10 more similar projects
PBC sub here.
Sorry fag, but POWR is not the egghead pick for this Monday, it was SLR but because of the leak is going to be postponed at leas 1 month until you retards drop your bags, which is going to happen, you like it or not.So, best you can do is drop those bags right now for a small profit/loss, or drop in 1 month when the price is around ICO again.
Only then the egghead will announce SLR as his energy pick (MIT related).
Because only a select few will be widely adopted, and if you can't rule one out then it's worth minimising risk and holding a position in it.
He said the pick was a new cryptocurrency and SLR is 4 years old get BTFO with your scamcoin faggot.
Because it will propped by Chinks.
Chink government pick winners.BCH is another good investment for this reason.
How do I buy metaverse?
Bitfinex doesn't allow US