Back?
ETH can't break 400 and create support.
Something huge needs to change, or it will be 300 forever.
4252302ETH is the only coin that isn't overvalued right now.
It's not in a bubble, it's right where it should be and gradually rising.
this.
right now i prefer to invest in ETH.
ETH is like 30% off its ATH and has been for months, nothing happening in ETH, vidalkik has stated specifically ETH isn't meant to appreciate in value, it's a true currency, while BTC is gold
cup and handle.
We breaking 315 motherfuckers.
$350 when chinks wake up
this shit will moonbtc is a dead meme, unusable fucking slow assfuckingi am already up a couple hundred on my eth position and i bought instantly when the email list came in
are there chink jews?
mfw ETH hits 420
get ready for another child hacker to find another exploit in their poorly written code
Turns out all we needed was news that is actually good for Bitcoin!
glad he did tbqhmanaged to daytrade 0.5 extra eth into my stash because of dipnot much, but anything helps desu
you fucking retard it was the wallets fault, eths code is fine, are you literally autistic or just trying to spread fud so you can buy lower?
holy shit please do us a favor and kys
huh could you repeat that?
*soviet union anthem starts playing*
>ETH currently trading at $320apologize
lel no you're going to get cucked again from all the ICO's once you start gaining momentum.
I'll apologize the day you break your ATH which is not going to happen anytime soon.
screencapped for next month
>tfw 99% of my holdings in eth
Screencap this filename fuccboi I'll be waiting for you with the same smug face.
brainlet herethe news with the wallet, didn't hurt eth in the slightest?Is the future eth?
ALL IN!
xD
When is the next ETH hack due?
fuck your mother if you want fuck
S E E T H I N G
>bought at 290>sold at 303 right the beginning of the climbfuck
you seem flustered
Get back in, it's gonna break 400 within a week.
Screencap this.
Bitcoin is the Comcast of crypto.>could easily increase everyone's bandwidth with the flip of a switch>stifles it artificially because they have a monopoly
this
And that's why they will fail.
Because they choose to be jews.
People pick crypto to get get their money out of the kike system.
Ether has more use than Kikecoin.
Litecoin has more use than Bitcoin honestly.
THIS
Couldn't even break 320 top kek back to sub 300 you go ethiecucks
inb4 giv me my money back
Thank you money skeleton.
ITS GOING DOWN
Litecoin will be 100+ by this time next yearLitecoin will hit 1,000 by 2020Litecoin will be over valued by 2022 at $5,000+ a coin, and you will all be posting from your VR headsets on how you missed it at $50+ a coin that it's at today because you didn't listen to me.Want proof, Litecoin will be the coin the US Gov backs for Cryptocurrency and will be the most accepted coin by 2020 on all digital marketplaces.
Where's the proof?
He's Charlie Lee, no need to question shit
I hope so.
I'll be a fuckin' millionaire.
I'm split 50/50 of my money in LTC & ETH.
>mETH>a vulnerability is discovered that causes hundreds of millions of mETH to disappear>altcoin fags see this as a buy signal
don't fall for the litecoin meme.Litecoin is only valuable because no transactions run over its blockchain.As soon as litecoin becomes popular, it becomes useless, just like bitcoin.Ethereum has the same problems at bitcoin, but its 5x better by default.
so It'd take 5x tx throughput to run into the same problems before they get a chance to adopt Raiden.
ITS GOING UP
Where do u get ur news?
Gizmodo?
A couple hundredNever change biz
/biz/.
/biz/ would never lie to me.
Thank you this made me lol
 wallet code is shit> eth is waller> you are retarded
Anyone who points out obvious flaws in this scamcoin is a fudderOnly a handful of stubborn redditors and communists are still bagholding this piece of shit
ETHI think you mean parity
See you tomorrow at ath
You're still for waiting your bitcoin transaction to finalize to buy the ETH dip that occurred 4 and half hours ago, aren't you?