Canadian Marijuana stocks are ripping right now.
My technique has always been to invest in companies with predictable potential to be filled.
I've made a killing investing in mining companies based on their estimated production as it's met, and a few other types of companies using a similar technique.
So far it has worked for me and LP's seem like easy pickings.My case for Aurora: I decided to hold until Aurora Sky is finished, and legalization goes through.
Havent sold any shares yet.I worked out the purposed production, some rough profit margins and I wind up with $500,000,000 to $1,000,000,000 earnings.
Try it for yourself.
With a P/E any higher than an insurance company (notoriously low P/E of about 3x) we are still looking at a multibagger.
Some companies with hype or promise of growth trade into 100's for P/E value.Basic evaluation of purposed production space reveals that Aurora will be undervalued after legalization, as long as Aurora Sky is operating.Anything is good, Tweed, Aurora, Aphria, Organigram, Supreme, all dual listed on the TSX and OTC.
Nice.
I bought cgc at 2 cad last year.
Can't complain with them gains rn
this has nothing to do with bitcoin
Long APH, and NYSE:TPBThen buy Potcoin bro..
id definitely suggest looking at TNY Tinley Beverages, they make THC fused booze and hemp based energy drinks.
Definitely one to watch given that CGC had just done a partnership with Constellation Brands specializing in this same space
How do I go about investing in these/mining companies?
>I worked out the purposed production, some rough profit margins and I wind up with $500,000,000 to $1,000,000,000 earnings.
Try it for yourself.acb has the highest expected production per square foot, but it's according to them so I don't know if they'll do it or not, still>tfw have 10,000 acb shares
>mfw I'm longing ERBB knowing my millions are around the cornerany time now
y'all should take a look at GHG, they seem to have a quite bright future -holding 750000 shares atm,bought at 1,9ct @
stocks are ripping right now% in 3+ monthsahhhh thanks for reminding me why I got into cryptogood luck with your micro gains
Made a killing on ACB and WEED.
Bought both right before this great run we're having.
Should I take my profits or hold?
Also, I live 10 minutes from Aurora's new 800,000 sq ft grow op in Leduc.
Shits about to take off big time with Alberta allowing private ownership of dispensaries, unlike those communist fuckers in Ontario.
was holding ACB since its days on the venture exchanges and sold Friday--this has been the longest winning streak its ever been on (even going as far back as when it was one the CNSX).
Also, its one of the most shorted stocks on the TSX: https://www.tmxmoney.com/en/research/short_positions.htmlNows a good time to sell and lock in your gains
Thanks, I will consider this.
so what you're telling me is another entry opportunity is around the corner
43470094347035You can still enter but not directly (unless you want to play hot potato with everyone else and risk getting hit).
Move money into spaces that are connected but haven't been bid to stupid levels yet - ie THC fused beverage co's and anything in the Australian weed industry.
Australians have the highest consumption rate of cannabis per capita than any other country on the planet, plus legislatively their industry is currently where our Canadian industry was at 2/3 years ago
should I buy now or should I wait for a dip?
I see WEED, ACB, and APH are all hitting new highs so a dip is imminent isn't it?
it's hard to say, lot of people sell for tax purposes in the next few weeks with the year end coming upthere were similar movements exactly a year ago, and some stocks had a 50% lossbut this year things might be different, recreation is only 8 months away instead of 20, corona beer bought a big chunk of $weed...