I fucking shilled POWR.
I also shilled EOS, why is no one mentioning anything about EOS?
Its similar to Ethereum but better.
Also I want to know biz's thought on cloud storage on Ethereum's blockchain, like StorJ.
There's a weird hush over EOS and BTS that's why.
You know what to do.
Why is eos pumping when the ico lasts for a year and the structure of the release of tokens seems to create depreciation?
What do you mean hush, something happening?
Bittrex delists BTS >Poloniex has some bullshit problem with BTS wallet although BTS community has reached out to help with no responses.
>The centralized exchanges view BTS as a threat.
BTS DEX is about to get a major facelift in 2 days.
>July '18 EOS rolls out in a big way.
Google "bitshares steemit" and read what's coming.
BTS has doubled in the last few weeks and will almost certainly double again by EOY.
I'm all in.
Where is the best place to buy BTS right now.
I don not want to use Poloniex.Thanks
You can't even buy it through Poloniex right now.
That's what I'm saying.
Go to poloniex and check yourself, it says they're having problems with BTS wallet and no one can deposit/withdraw BTS from Poloniex right now.
Go sign up for BTS DEX at bitshares.org.
Takes a minute.
Transfer BTC or ETH to that account and buy some BTS.
I'd recommend doing it before the interface update which is coming in 2 days like I said.
Can you spoonfeed me a bit on your BTS?
Is it like ETH but used on a decentralized exchange?
I did look.
Wow!
Thank you for your recommendation.
I appreciate your help!
4456346I'm not a very good shill and I'd recommend doing your own research but what I'll say is this.
Bitshares is built with graphene technology (don't ask me what that means bc I don't know) but it allows an obscene transaction speed, which I've seen first hand.
Like orders of magnitude faster than Ethereum or Waves.
This is a problem BTC, ETH and others will have going forward.
As more and more tokens are built on those platforms they will not be able to handle the volume.
Where as Bitshares can already handle an insane amount of volume.
In fact it can right now handle every single credit card transaction in the world that's how crazy the network is.
Bitshares is built for company's to run off of it.
It's not just a token but it's the life blood of the DEX.
It's completely decentralized.
There is no HQ for a government to go shut down, that cannot happen.
It's also proof of stake so unlike BTC which is proof of work and the Chinese can mass mine and control it, BTS cannot be controlled like that.There are literally a ton of really cool things about bitshares that I can't do justice.The community does a weekly update on Steemit.Here's a link to last Monday's that explains numerous reasons why we will see a price jump.https://steemit.com/bitshares/@steempower/bitshares-state-of-the-network-14th-november-2017
Yeah the fundimentals look very good, but Bitshares exchange needs a new interface.
What makes the exchange decentralized?
How high is this going to go??
I'm riding my first crypto highwhere is this ride taking me?
Here's a copypasta.
"To me, the practical question is, "How many unique individuals do you have to coerce or seduce to gain control of the block chain?
"With Bitcoin, over half the hash power is vested in just 5 entities who sign over half the blocks and therefore control the chain.With BitShares, no signer can sign more than 1% of the blocks, so it takes 51 of them to control the chain, no matter what.
These individuals must have well-known reputations to get elected.
Reputations they can lose if they misbehave.The holders of bitcoins have no say in this process - its up to those who provide hashing, i.e.
the coin's "employees".
Market forces drive them to support a very small number of "most profitable" signers.The holders of BitShares have all the say in the process.
The signers with the top 101 most BitShareholder approval take random turns signing the blocks.So, by this metric BitShares is much more decentralized than Bitcoin.But our position is that both are "decentralized enough" because it is the transparent public ledger that matters.
You can detect bad behavior and theoretically eliminate bad actors (if your chain has a mechanism to do so).With POW coins, you can't remove hashing power from its owner, no matter how badly they behave.
Theoretically, a bad mining pool operator can have its hashing power removed from it by those using the pool.
However, in practice, this does not seem to happen.
For example, I have seen the most profitable pool in a POW chain continue to be favored even when it was not including any transactions at all in its blocks.With BitShares, not only can BitShareholder's detect it, they can do something about it by removing approval from a bad actor.
Since there is no economic incentive for continuing to support a bad actor (like there is in mining pools), they don't last long.
Even while waiting for shareholders to wake up and fire them, they can't sign more than 1% of the blocks."
Lads, whats happening to me.. i'm changing..
I feel the Greed growing inside me..
Oh right I sold half of mine at 6k, hold some still, I believe a correction is imment.
You can keep holding if you want.
Why is POWR even mooning?
There's no way the australian government will go along with something this forward thinking haha.
What should I buy?
oh man....
I know
Jeeze you're supposed to be your own trader you know that?
Anyways I'll spoon feed you and say SUB.
Its been rising steadly, low marketcap and been on binance for a while, nice looking chart and looking to retest 2k sats for the 4th time.
They already did.
Proof?
Because Larimer uses the ICO money to buy back the EOS.It's hypothetical form has more throughput than ethereum currently has, but ethereum's hypothetical future form with side chains like plasma and then sharding scales much better than EOS will.
Its true, if you saw the article it said they got funded by the government.
It was posted here multiple times
They aren't doing shit they just gave them some money to 'investigate' the possibility of using it.
Knowing the Australian government it won't go any further than this.
Thank you.
I just started on nov 1 and bought 1 ETH.
I'm just getting started but already addicted, I assumed i'd lose the money and learn as much as I could going in blind before investing more fiat when I'm at least coherent at trading.
/biz/ has me up %25 so I'm taking your advice.
Just bought SUB
No, don't market buy wait for it to come down then buy, set yourself an order at 1726-1750 sats.
Also don't always listen to people's recommendation sometimes they're wrong.
Also I hope you didn't go all in because you should never do that.
I'm in BTC ETH SUB POWR and IOTA Like I said I know almost nothing I'm just trying to learn with this 300 before I move about $3000 in fiat in at the end of November.
Wish you could tell yourself anything when you first started?
Don't fomo, if you see a coin like POWR moon this hard don't buy in, put it off as a missed out opportunity and find others.
Don't be scared to invest when you find a good opportunity to buy low.
Stop listening to shills on biz so much and stop following what they do since most of them are losing their investments.
And finally if the coin is good never fully exit the coin with all your holdings or what happens is your heart will ache when you see it moon harder.
That's really good advice, I need to develop good habits early and not get lost in the rush.
I'm addicted after a week of this.
Wish me luck anon, I'll keep your words close to heart.I'm still holding 175 POWR
Something interesting to consider about BTS.
PBC added it as a buy up to 40 cents back in June.
I am a subscriber and back when it was being delisted by Bittrex an email was sent telling everyone to continue to hold it but to transfer it to Poloniex, even though he doesn't like that exchange.Teeka said to continue to hold because he felt that it was being delisted by Bittrex because they would be competition to them in the near future.
This makes even more sense now that you cannot deposit or withdraw it on Poloniex.I didn't buy it back then because I didn't want to deal with Poloniex.
They did send a follow-up about transferring BTS to a wallet from Poloniex.Anyway, just wanted to pass along this information.
Thanks.
I feel so strongly in BTS as a project I pretty much dumped everything into it.
I think the other exchanges are manipulating their prices or just aren't on the level.
I have no proof but just a feel I get.
Good luck.
I just bought a lifetime membership in addition to the BTS I just bought.
I think it is a worthwhile investment with what is to come.Thanks good luck to you, too.