http://www.reuters.com/article/us-cyber-heist-nepal/nepal-bank-latest-victim-in-heists-targeting-swift-system-idUSKBN1D71Y7

lol.
LINK isnt going to provide security for Swift, just a connection to swift for smart contracts.
Swift will be same piece of shit it is in the article, so not sure what you mean
The hackers made 4.4mm in fraudulent transfers which would not be able to happen on a decentralized blockchain linked to each bank.
Cant you fucking connect the dots retard?
this is you trying to neck yourself in 2 years for not buying link.
you still gonna suck dick for 0.0001 link in a few years, bitch
DELUDED LINKIES
post the korean girl holding the link cube meme, i'll give you 0.05 eth
Its funny how there is litteraly non resistance till 9K sats.When there is news, it will be enormous (100% confirmed etc etc) and this shit is going to explode ten times harder than today.
just many idiot dumper along the way
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA it's actually pretty hilarious how many fucking retards are attacking you for this.
What you said was the truth.
LINK has nothing to do with security.
>And this is why they need LINKHow the fuck would LINK have prevented this?
Do you fucking downies even know what LINK does?
No, of course you fucking don't.
Goddamn I hope all of you mouth-breathing faggots die painfully.
NO POST YOGA PANTS GIRL WITH FRIEND
muh human error isnt prevented by smart contracts
not understanding what LINK actually does>not understanding where SWIFT is implementing it in their system and what role it will actually playHilarious.
Keep it up.
You faggots literally can't stop losing money, it's great.
answer this, would the fraud mentioned in the article be prevented by smart contracts?
Yes or no only faggot.
Why do you guys shill LINK?
What's so special about it?
Are you really that desperate?
Are we looking at the same chart?LMAO
It seems you're the type of guy that only likes buying crypto once they are at a billion marketcap like a regular plebbitor.
your question is irrelevant when LINK isn't even implemented on user level.
yes, of course it would have happened with LINK.
in fact aren't they already using LINK?
so it happened with LINK.
% of biz has no clue of what exactly the coin they are buying does, they just hear buzzwords like "muh oracle problem", like they even know what an oracle is.
smart contracts preventing the problem is irrelevant>only way to get real world data in the blockchain is through an oracle>centralized oracles can be compromised but nope doesnt matter>says LINK only has a working product but not yet completely finished so it does not matter either wayAre you fucking stupid?
This thread is talking about why Swift would want to use smart contract technology along with a decentralized oracle (LINK) to prevent this sort of problem "in the future".
I bought bitcoin at $11.
I found about it from a sidebar ad for /r/bitcoin on Plebbit.
So IDGAF at least I'm a rich Plebbitor
smartcontracts wouldn't have fucking prevented it you retard.
you have no idea what LINK actually does and how it's implemented in Swift's system.
In fact you don't even fucking know how this scam was carried out, do you?
Holy shit you are retarded.
You deserve every fucking bit of money that you've lost as a result of your retardation.
dude if somebody says buy, than you buy, and if they say sell, you sell!
simple af bro
if its high, buy.
if its low, sell.
I always fuck it up.
baka
Source!
deluded linkies attacked me for making fun of this earlier in the thread.. they literally dont get what link doeslook, i think the swift oracle will be great and of use to other thing.. but it has literally nothing remote to do with this fraud posted at all.
deluded linkies somehow actually think Swift is going to transition their entire bank messaging system over to a blockchain, instead of understanding that link is just going to provide an oracle to the "old" swift systemPS BUY STOX TEAM STILL PUTTING 1500 ETH INTO ITS BANCOR CHANGER
I can avoid this with bitcoin.
June 2018>self-proclaimed "ethereum newbie" suicides SWIFT smart contract, irreversibly locking up $110 billion of funds from more than 11,000 banks worldwide.>"i accidentally killed it"