Will this moon come 2018?
>using crypto as collateral for a loanThis has to be a big deal
If they can get the platform off the ground and running, this is very well going to be a half billion to billion dollar market cap.
Crypto as collateral for a loan is going to be super beneficial to anyone looking to scrape a bit of profits from the top to pay bills, take a trip, but some fuckin' weed, etc.
You'll throw your shitcoins up as collateral, pay some interest, then pay off the loan and interest (both I think using SALT -- need to reconfirm this).
You're paying a service fee (interest) for the loan, but you're not having to sell your shitcoin to bitcoin, then to Coinbase or GDAX or wherever, then out to FIAT.
I thought I read somewhere on their site last night that you could only pay the interest partially using SALT.
I'd have to confirm
Expecting $25 - but how can it go higher than that since that is what a salt token is "worth" on the lending platform?
Have the creators said anything about changing the Salt Token price when it reaches that?
I don't think they have.
Call me a fucking faggot but why is it trading so low if it's going to be worth $25 on the platform?
The public platform hasn't launched yet so I think the market is just "cautious" about what it is worth until the platform is actually in action.
That's just my opinion though.
What kind of repercussions would be had if it wasn't valued at $25 by the time they launch?
GIANT GREEN CANDLES
Not sure anon.
It's hard to see why it wouldn't be valued at $25 (or close to) at launch provided everything goes according to plan.
No, that's just an option.
SALT can be used to pay down a portion of the loan as well as to secure a better interest rate.
Also for memberships (obviously) and goods in their proposed store (promo materials show SALT branded KeepKey).Yes, they've said it will increase as needed but don't expect it to ever sell on the platform for less than $25.
The original starting price plan was actually $10 & was already increased along the way.
Testers of the platform also reported that the price showed up as $32.50 at some point as well.This
No, paying down the loan with the salt token is optional and if you do that then it will be at a highly reduced rate, better than just using fiat.
well fuck, giant green candles are always good right
Only if you bought low
as long as you weak hand faggots don't sell at lower price which happens to be your nature>buy high>sell low
Search the Salt Investment Thesis (Google it, it'll be a Google Drive Document).
Very good analysis of SALT in the coming months.
Salt Investment Thesishttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1MXU-CiDWWywXJQO2KJSvNOmbXOxxRb1BxwjDaEOqnBk/edit#
What's the point of owning SALT?
The company looks interesting but this looks like a cash grab.
Why don't they have dividends and share the profit instead of being stupid jews about it?
it sounds like people might actually be using it unlike most shit coins out there
They do not pay interest Because SALT token holders are not lenders.
You don't understand the concept.