raise your hands
I've been into mtg finance for a long time.
The overall game is in a downturn currently.
Ask me anything.
i didmtgox was also comfy
I play.
Well, I buy singles and build decks, but going to the cardshop and playing just makes me depressed and anxious.
I don't get along with the people there.
is it a good time to go through my old cards yet?
I looked at the prices recently and some of them were pretty eye popping for cards that used to be worth nothing that I have 8x-12x of.
I absolutely do not need the money but am wondering if you think the older cards are peaking now or will keep getting more valuable?
Bought 100 jaces and sold them at ATH.
pretty comfy hold
Post your favorite cards
also what are the best long term holds in your opinion
Depends what you're talking about.
Alpha-Antiquities (golden age) stuff I would hold on to.
If it's in great shape, get it graded.
Anything that's after the dark or not on the reserved list, I would sell now.
Just my personal opinion and what I've done with my collection.
Of course if you actually have 8x of cards, it wouldn't hurt to bring it down to a playset and put the proceeds into crypto.
Where's the best place (other than a garage sale) to find a bulk lot of cards that someone wants to get rid of?
On eBay and CL they've all been scoured for rares, mythics etc.
4434736Rudy?
Right now?
Graded power.
Playable reserved list cards.
It's tough to say right now.
Money has flooded into all the really solid stuff already so I can't recommend buying much, especially with the overall downturn but I'm holding things like treachery, willow satyr, tawnos's coffin, wheel of fortune.
Any land from alpha and beta,Appraised dual lands0 CMC mana rocks of any kindNothing that’s not on the reserve list
The times when modern was called extended were the best times>ravager, goblins, tooth and nailDamn it felt good.
Then the first ever plansewalker got printed and it all dumped into the ground.
I went to a prerelease recently after 2 years of not playing and holy shit this got so bad
Sometimes I play at my friends place when we're drunk
same, maybe we're friends
NopeI'm a Russian boy and none of my friends visit any aib
Is there a good way to play it online?Where I live at the moment, there are very few MGT players ...
curious about this as a newbie

show me mtg card thats on the same power level as pic
4435260Yes, you can play it online.Just google this shit, srsly
That got changed I think, not as abusable anymore.
From the upcoming set
That’s fucking OP.
Desperate money grab.
this cards better
Got this rare card from my very first pack, a long fucking time ago and still remember to this day.
It's a joke set m80, it's called UnstableAll the cards will be banned and it's just for fun
my first 3 packs I opened 3 rares worth $15 and my friends proceeded to scam them away from me.
I know, but there are several games and i meant which one is worth playing
I got a Royal Assasin in a Magic 2012 pack onceIt's only worth like $1 today though
4435747Rarest cards from this era i thought wereLord of the pitShyvana dragon
Shivan xd

Ravnica-Theros standard will always hold a place in my heart
Checking in.
You came here from /tg/?
Rudy do you invest in crypto too?
Ditto.
I had fun creating crazy decks with that rotation
>tfw to smart
I've been playing Hearthstone for 3 years.
Roast me.
Didn't Rudy said he doesn't have any money in crypto because he doesn't want to invest in something he doesn't understand?
sameeven spent $300
Are you me ?
izzet player here ^^
Bought all the adventures but never any packs or arena tickets.
Still pretty satisfied with my collection, I miss legendaries but I have 15k dust sitting in case I really want to buikd a deck bad.
Blue and White stasis deck
Mirrodin + New Phyrexia were where it was at.
Infect + proliferate is my fav combo.
I'm ready for the hate.
I never understood why the ability was written that way.
Is there a scenario in which your opponent could win but you wouldn't lose?
>me, lived in a pretty small town>bunch of my friends are into d&d, boardgames, mtg and similar>go home to my mom to pick up my MTG cards so I can play with my friends>get super into it, have a great modern deck that wins local tournaments >EDH deck that I've had for 6 years or so, very good cards in it >plan to leave town to move to home city to go back into uni, forget all my cards at a friends house>forget about it until a few weeks ago>give the friend a text asking about the cards>"sorry man i dont remember what happened to them.
me and gf just moved apartments and we threw out alot of stuff, probably your cards too because they arent here">my "friend" threw away my fucking mtg cards valued at the very least 10.000$>"sorry man"
Modern and extended were never the same format, but I also miss the extended format.
Modern + edh best formats ever though
This sucks but I also don't understand how you forgot $10,000 worth of cards like that
Some cards have effects making a player win and others have effects making a player lose, platinum angel needs to handle both
Also the month period after Khans where every format was brokenStandard from Jeskai Ascendancy combo,modern from same thing + treasure cruise was nuts in every single deck, legacy was completely broken from treasure cruiseEvery single vintage deck instantly played 4x
At first I got accepted into a uni close to the town I lived in, but the day before semester started I got a mail saying I was accepted into the uni I really wanted to go to (prestigious uni in my very big hometown), so I thought I was gonna move 25 miles and still be close to my friends, but since I got accepted to the other uni I moved 250 miles instead, the same day semester started (the day after I found out I got accepted).
Didnt think about the cards as I was busy with the move
Because they were both stupid.REEEEEEEEEEEE