Did Bitfinex become a concurrent to the FED?I mean they can buy dollars all they want to buy bitcoin indefinitely.They don't even have to repay their tether since they 'don't have banking'.
Now they can control US inflation.
billions of dollars in value traded a day million in tethers controls thisget mental help
the implication is not just limited to what happened regarding the hacked tether.
It's the fact that they can just make more tether to compensate for any unforseen loss.
That ability is what's terrifying
Trade 22 million dollars 25 times.Congrats thats 500MM in volume.
be (((financier)))>have 600 BTC>wash trade it >print tethers and use those to pay the fees>you have just inflated the value of bitcoin without paying any money or actually selling anythinglooks like people are selling bitcoin for $10,000 now goy, you can't possibly miss out on these gains
4481341 million dollars is enough to move bitcoin>wash trading bitcoin causes the price to move in an appreciable wayget mental help.
you really are just pulling false statements out of your ass
bitcoin slightly dips>paid NSA shills spam with muh tulips muh tether horseshit at once to cause a further dip>get butthurt when it does nothing>continue to spam their bullshit on taiwanese origami discussionsGet mental help, in the off chance you're not a paid for five-eyes shill.
if i was an NSA shill i would just give my boss a couple of blowjobs and withdraw some bitcoins from "satoshi's wallet" you fucking retard
these retards defending tether>wash trading can't move the price upNow ive heard it all
>pls believe me wash trading is the only way btc could be rising in value!
it should have crashed at 1k like i thought it would!!!
It's completely possible a lot off these bull runs were created by bitfinex.Just look at the charts.
The bull runs often start 15 minutes before any other exchange on bitfinex.I'm hoping not, because alts will suffer as well if its true.
but it'd be stupid not to examine this further.
bitfinexd has been calling it out, and lo and behold today bitfinex says 30 million dollars was "stolen"
get mental help in every threadthis guy a paid shill or a fucking bot?
he thinks he's doing this board a favor by calling anyone who even questions btc's growth as an nsa shill.
probably scared himself
20 million dollars is enough to move bitcoinOf course it is enough.
Are you fucking stupid or what?It's 2500 bitcoin.
Even 500 bitcoins are enough to create a huge spike in the price, look at the volume.
4481380448150444815334477668        Paid for NSA shilljob on /biz/lmao you kids are amazing how you spam once the workers are actually sleeping
this theter shit will continue until ppl withdraw fait from usdt, which unlikely unless some thing big happens, so drama continues .
20 million dollars ie nough to move bitocin>also astroturfs the neyt with muh tether conspiracy theories during times of price weakness to acellerate downward movementsGet fucked NSA, nobody buys your shit.
Why do you pay for so many threads about it?
Get fucked NSA shill
NSA shilljob>kids???
i dont see how a general run on tether will create a crash, unless it takes down several exchanges.tether gets delisted and everyone holding tether loses their money.
life goes on
be so angry your tether astroturf failed that you keep spamming /biz/ at midnight
You're fucking paranoid m8
Paid for Nsa shilling on /biz/ during price weakness in attempt to further cause crash, failed miserably, NSA now butthurt, floods more       
Why would NSA be here, they have better job to do.
what is wash trading
wash trading appreciates the price
LMAO is this pajeet on meth or what?
Paid for NSA shillling failed so miserably that bitcoin is back at 8300 and their spam threads keep popping up>>muh muh tether was supposed to crash the goyim's portoflios :^(
Yes, it does you utter moron
Literal schizophrenia.Get off /biz/ the shadow people are outside watching you.
Lay off the meth for a while dude.
How much do you get paid per post?
cents like all other paid shills/FUDs.
That or hes 14 years old...
8 cents is okay money for a dirty pajeet
muh mooning
peak retardTbh claiming you've managed to depict 'peak retard' in this meme series is like predicting 'BTC is never going higher than this'.