I've worn a man ponytail ever since I can remember but now I have to apply for corporate jobs and go to interviews.How bad would having long hair look during an interview?
Are people still hung up with having non-standard hair in the office?
Cut your damn hair, you soynigger
Unless you rock it EXTREMELY well or look like a model then yes they'll be hung up on it and most likely deny you.
As long as you can suck a mean dick
Yes
Just ask yourself the question doncare about having slightly longer hair more than gainful employment.If the answer is yes then wait until you’re a big boy and try again latet
Tie it in a very small bun.
Really depends on your resume, I've been in positions where I made hiring decisions and if it was between two people with fairly equal qualifications I'd take the other applicant over you.
But if you have a great resume I'd take you despite your haircut.
If you graduated at least magna cum laude from a decent school you'll probably be able to find work somewhere.
man bun
long hair is fine.
just get it cut in a way so you can wear it out neatly.
yeah, if you're confident in your skills and that you are a better hire than most others, then what you look like doesn't matter too muchif you aren't, which is likely since you're posting on 4chan and have a fucking faggot ponytail, then what you look like definitely matters in impressions.
Let me tell you a story anon.
I have long hair.
I wear it in a hipster man bun.
When I graduated and was applying for jobs, all of the companies made a big deal out of it.
They even went as far as not inviting me to a second interview for the sole reason that I had long hair.
At that point I was getting frustrated and ready to do so.
Then the best opportunity arised out of all companies... best pay, best benefits, travelling distance... it was all perfect.
They were the only ones to not make a problem out of it.
Got hired.I now work at a bank of all places that gobbles up the whole millennial hipster agile development image.This is in IT btw.
Why be such a faggot about someone's haircut?
Depends on how many/how useful your skills are to counterbalance your autistic haircut or if you're as much of a neckbearded faggot as this post makes you seem.t.
had very long hair in high school but grew the fuck up
A-are you LARPing as Hanzo?
Was there a point to this story or are you just bragging that some dumb Portlandia-tier business hired you despite your numale hair?
One's personal image speaks volumes of their person.
If this guy has long ass hair and doesn't maintain it properly, he's going to appear to be a gross slob.
Because hes bald or has shitty genetics and cant grow beautiful long hair.
Seriously the only reason.
If you graduated at least magna cum laude from a decent school you'll probably be able to find work somewhere.Oh gee, you think he could probably be able to find work?
Fucking larper trying to act like he knows shit.No adult in the real business world gives a fuck about your hair as long as it's clean and looks good.
I've worked for giant companies in high up positions and had hair past my shoulders, full beards, everything you can think of.
No one cared because I kept it groomed very well, and I was the best man for the job.
Ask yourself if you really want to work in a place where people would judge you.
Negatively for having long hair.
You’d just be doing yourself a favor by not cutting it.
Unless of course you’re trying to start a career as an investment banker or some shit.
In that case I’d get the slick back hair look.
Why are you automatically assuming people with long hair are all gross slobs?Sure there's a stereotype of fat greasy neckbeards that never get a haircut, but a lot of people genuinely try to maintain their long hair.
It takes like a minimum of 2 years dedication to not cutting it despite all faggots always saying hurf durf cut your hair bro.Imagine walking up to a woman with long hair and telling her to cut it for arbitrary reasons.
She'd flip her shit about how men don't control her.
Why are guys allowed to constantly be berated for having a style they enjoy?
Glad my hiring manager wasn't as much of an uptight cunt as most people and realized my hair has literally nothing to do with my ability to get the job done and get quads and go home.
fine quads
well played fellow longhair
Depends on if you look like Brad Pitt or like a neckbeard with long hair
Because men accept their fate and get on with their lives while women would rather cry about their situations than try to make the best of themThat said, we should take a page from their book and rebel against these stupid fucking norms.
I'm a young bald guy and can confirm, I dislike dudes with long hair (especially if it looks really good) because of jealousy
It's all about Chad genetics.
Even with a high tier fresh haircut I look ugly as fuck.
>I've worn a man ponytail ever since I can remember
this.
but really you should analyse the corporate culture.
also if you are quite young then definitely go for a more conventional haircut.
Mod hacks?Fuck your long hair btw.
It looks like shit.
Faggot.
Shit companies care more about your appearance than your performance because they have shit interviewing methods and so rely on whatever weaning process they can think off.
place a dragon tattoo on your arm and should be enough to get hired
interview question 1:Do you currently own any XBC?If not, what the fuck are you waiting for?
lmao fucking burgers>let's cuck ourselves and not hire this qualified and smart guy because he has long hair
he has quads and then dubs...you cant say shit about his hair getlet
Yup.
Unless you're basically Chad Thundercock the answer to your question is 'get a fucking haircut and stop looking like a NEET/failed musician'.
*sonygger
It's true long hair easily looks less maintained and even if it is, some of the more flashy have another image of vain youth.What you gotta look at is how women wear long hair when they want to be taken seriously (the office lady kind, not the break room dweller kind).Buns are a good bet but we're talking about a strict, tight bun.
Not a loose hipster one.
I recommend the french twist method with a hairpin.Tails are only good so long as it's short and straight enough.
It must look like a wick under the tying point, not like a brush.
If you go for a tail, you better have a fully shaved face too because wrapping it over the shoulder is common if you use a backpack and don't want to destroy your ends.
Hairs stuck in beard are disgusting.Lastly if you can manage a tight braid every day you might as well do that.
It might look slightly less serious than a bun but it shows how long and neat your hair is.
It's a nice way to put on display your dedication in an acceptable manner.Other styles (clinging braids, braided buns) are too falshy and would make it look like you dressed way up for the interview to the point where you're not going to keep it up.
it would depend on the field you are applying to as well as how well groomed and professional you look in general.
We can't give you a proper answer unless you just show us your fucking hair.
It could be a greasy NEET mess or it could be chad level flowing locks.
Just post a pic, or leave.
OP
I have long hair but keep it on a bun at work.>have to wear suit>Japanese company>in Japanyou'll be fine.
because when 2 people have the same qualifications you look at tiny details and unfortunately society prefers short hair on menstop being emotional biz, every detail matters