>oh you're a developer?
i've got this great idea, you build it and we'll split it 50/50
>I'm an ideas guy for shitcoins
Tell them that whatever % equity you get, they get to take 1/2 of that % off from from your hourly wageHalf equity?
They only pay you 75% as much
>making a product is the only aspect of business It's a fair deal if the other guy is doing everything else.
Why isn't that a good deal?
50/50 of something you built yourself
humor them and find out their idea.
if its any good just steal it just like zuckerberg.
chances are they wont have you sign a non-disclosure agreement.
If they're doing all the legal, accounting, and marketing stuff then it's fair.
Ideas are a dime a dozen.
The hard part is getting them done.In this case the ideas man would be riding for free on the back of the Dev.
If his idea is so good he should pitch it to investors, collect money, and pay the 250k per year the Dev is worth.
erryday someone approaches me with there next big blockchain dApp idea.
I get pissed of inside as there telling me it - they think ill go do full-stack development for hundreds of hours like a monkey and give them 50/50.
idea's are cheap right guys?
You're right, it is.
They never do though.
People too often think all that is involved in app development is making the app.
Marketing is at least 50%.
The business shit is a bunch too.
Incorporating costs between $200-$1000 depending where you live / how you do it.
Marketing is a full time job.
Getting it on play store and iOS app store, getting the initial user base, growing it, etc
Tfw when you're an ideas man and your ideas will never become reality.
If it wasn't for the good idea the entitled fag would never build it in the first place
thanks ill use this in the future, though 80% of people think you'll work for free and 50/50 is enough
being entitled to something you didn’t think of>thinking you deserve more than 50% for literall copying someone’s homework>literally a code monkey pajeet with no innovation thinking he deserves more than 50% >being this much of a retard
I get $50/hour at my "real" job.
On my off time I work on my own projects (I recently got a game on Steam that's doing pretty well).
Friends / family always have "the next great idea".
100% of the time my response is "That's awesome!
When you raise $100,000 I'll totally join your startup!"
if they say something like they want to start before raising money I say "no problem, I can work hourly, $75/hour.
I've lost a few friends this way, but honestly fuck them.
I don't work for free.inb4 $50/hour is a shit wage.
I agree.
I work too cheap.
4495022hey I just thought of a great idea.
Its a phone app where you take a picture of an art piece and it looks up the last price that art piece was sold at.
Wanna build that for 50% of the profits?
just do it yourself.
that's what I do.
Larry Page and Sergey Brin did it themselves.
Bill Gates did it himself.
Wozz was the idea man, Jobs was the salesman.
Elon did it himself.
not realizing the difference between a code monkey out of mumbai university designing your codebase and someone who actually understands good architecture
I could it do it myself and I have a good idea to follow on, why the fuck would I hire a developer
academic fag spends 10 years writing perfect structure>professional gets a working product to market in 1 year with shit codebase>professional ends up stealing academic fags work because since they had a working version first they get win the patentwho is more successful here?
Alright humor me, Devs.
My idea, and feel free to steal it, is a game for smartphones where a cute shihztu's head (color of your choosing) is on the screen.
Thr goal is to touch its nose as many times in a row as possible without touching his tongue which guards his nose.Also a fiat visualizer.
That doesn't exist.
You can input how much and a stack of money (to scale) will appear on a desk, pallet, or whatever.
I get that anytime someone hears that I do web dev for a living.>i got this idea for a healthcare app, itll make billions if we can get top youtubers to promote it, i just dont know how to make apps myself>you program back end for banks?
great!
I got a website I need made, its a portfolio of my handmade baskets, could you make this for me?>you setup a site that makes $50/mo passively?
oh wow, could you do like 1 of those for me?
i dont even mind paying you, I could do $50 for 2Whats bizarre is Ive created sites from scratch before but Ive never even thought myself that any of them are particularly amazing ideas thatll make a billion dollars.
But it seems common for people who dont know how to create web projects to assume they have a billion dollar idea.
Why can't you do it yourself?
Software dev is fun and not really that difficult.
It just takes a lot of time.
Yeah I'm seeing this like every day.
Its when they start telling you about there idea and light up with crazy excitement, clearly never having undertaken large projects before, thinking shits done overnight.
I just gotta cut it clean and say that lemme know when you've raised 100k even if it pisses them off.
you'd be surprised how hard it is for most people
Both are very easy ideas to implement.
The bulk of the work for both of them is marketing.
Weekend long projects, both of them.
you'd be surprised how hard it is for most peopleMaybe if the first thing you try to implement is a world leading secure exchange.
Start with Hello World.
Move onto simple OOP.
Then make a chat client, or ftp client.
If you take reasonable steps anybody with an IQ can get into app development.
They're not going to create facebook, but they can easy create clicker games, or 's ideas
Basically this.
Development is expensive and time consuming.
Marketing is the same.
You need both (and more) for a startup.
getting past hello world is where the barrier is, I think if you can do it you don't fully appreciate how big that barrier is
I think if every web dev took the equity deal they would never make a dime.For every 50 ideas they get probably only a few are profitable.I think it's better for a dev to just take the cash.
Lol, reminded me exactly of the deal my friend proposed.>Friend: Anon, I've got great idea for an MMORPG.
You do all the work including development, art, music, sound effects, and promotion while I just write up a story.>Me: What's the story about?
>Friend: It's top secret.
I keep my writings under lock and key.
I can't explain it to you right now because I'm paranoid and I'm afraid you'll steal my ideas.
Once you're mostly done with the game, I'll show you my work.>Me: Can you help me out with the non-coding parts of the game at least?>Friend: No, that's your responsibility.
My plate is already full from coming up with brilliant ideas that will make us a lot of money.
I will become the next Steve Jobs.
I have a lot of creativity and imagination, but you're just a programmer.
why keep friends with such big egos?
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Do you even dev bro?
ive been trying to get a few dev fags to build muh site jacketbook for awhile now.
all i ever get is, gibsmedat half mil an i'll do itsliterally fuck web dev projects, theyre just black fucking holes.
good architecture
well, how much do you imagine this will bring in per year?
Explain this a bit better please I'm not following
if it was operational and had users, it would be a literal gold mine.
wouldnt want to throw out figures cause there are too many variables to consider desu
well if it makes you a shittone of money, it would be silly not to pay a lot towards developing it, right?
either way the site has a lot of features and is a pretty complicated data problem.
you might not be willing to input all that information by hand and automating it will result in a lot of data issues.
my advice: chop everything down until you get the minimum viable product, maybe just show face name and guilty innocent count.
that would be cheaper to develop and would let you test the water.
once its proven business you can invest the big bucks for the full feature set
nah, idk, i'll probably just hodl the domain until some faggot wants to buy it off me for a few milbesides, sean parker would probably hire someone to kill me if i did launch the site.
domain investing is a thing but its becoming less and less profitable as time goes on
You're going to make it.
Elon did it himself.Elon is as much of an ideas guy as Wozniak was, not that that's a bad thing.
hey just went to your site didnt realize you were serious about this nice good on you man but please turn off the music
well, the concept of jacketbook is like my dream of making the world a more safe and open place desu.
problem is im not taking a half million risk on a site that might just be a black hole and a law suit magnet i kinda used the patreon to further explain the site concept but im not a programmer by any means, im a high volume day trader, so actually running jacketbook isnt my area of expertise.
i'd like to see someone develop it nonetheless
im not turnin off weezys drop the world nigger
Sure!
Tell me the idea and I promise to build it for you instead of running off and building it for myself :^)
you're an ideas LOSER, FUCK YOU
pretty ambitious.
at first i thought this was a celeb trial thing but you want more than that.
sounds like you want this to have crimes for every person in the USfor reference, many criminal background check websites bring in $10M+ per year so $500k for that feature set is very cheap
yea but not just people, businesses have jackets too... think about it.