>Wall Street is coming very soonReal investors are going to pump hundreds of millions into BTC in monthsBTC is going to pump to the fucking moonEarly 2018 shitcoins will be dead in a matter of days.
No real investor will touch them
Bitcoin is a shitcoin
it is the #1 coin
btc is 8k>if btc goes to 10k thats 25% of gainsmeanwhile lithium, oil and gold have a low risk high returnits over, dunno why you think people with experience will risk a lot of money with btc at this point
BTC increased 1000% over the year.
It’s only just breaking into mainstream now.
Expect at least $60,000 by the end of next year
"Early 2018 shitcoins will be dead in a matter of days.
No real investor will touch them"
expecting 1000% percent increases with 8kthats not how percentages work kek
That’s exactly how it works.
Do you know what a log scale is?
lol... you are an idiot.10k by end of 2017 very doable, especially since the CME opens in December.for 2018, I'd say anything up to 20k is possible but who knows?
Other way around, you uneducated fucks:> wall street will be able to invest through futures contracts> newly-vested interest in seeking out price accuracy / exchange discolsures> they take up put options, then seek out audits of all the major exchanges knowing full well they're insolvent or have major sketchy shit going on behind scenes > upward bias on valuations being forced by the exchanges disappears, coins start dropping in value to reflect the actual amount of money in the system without all the market manipulation> BTC and alts fall, wallstreet make billions on their put options and everyone else goes home broke
And altcoins decouple from Bitcoin so it doesn't affect all the other businesses involved in Blockchain.
Seems like some people think blockchain = bitcoin still.
Im so sure that will happen, Mike.go to sleep.
k?
You think, after one whole year, it's going to go from 10k to 20k?We saw what the fork did to the price.
Now imagine when you have a fuck load of normies putting money into bitcoin.
50k by end of 2018.
of course they will invest.until it reaches the bubble and then tanks all the way to hell.
Im being conservative while also assuming nothing majorly bad happens.In reality it would go to 100k next year, but conservative bets are safer
or.....a professionally run pump and dump.http://www.news.com.au/finance/money/investing/every-generation-gets-sucked-in-bitcoin-bubble-worse-than-dotcom-boom-price-should-be-us100/news-story/01e685ed268827e818a2dea9d9fb0c4a
lolAnd you think that investors money will go into BTC.
Of course they want to be fucked by forks, Chinks, Tether and all the other bullshit that every day we see in.
Bitcoin futures contracts are more like playing HI&LO.
blockchain is bitcoin, even of theyre 2 different beastsyou cant seperate them now, companies will use blockchain though but not the one we use now
wall street won't invest in crypto.Do you really think a bank would invest in something they don't have some level of control over.
Conservative bets are not safer, because it makes you think you have more time lol.
If I know btc is $50k by end of year, I'm gonna try get as much as I can whilst it's $10k.
Bitcoin uses blockchain technology.
Therefore, bitcoin does not = blockchain.
If so, LTC = Blockchain and then are you saying BTC =LTC ?
BTC simply has first mover advantage.... for now
clearly you dont read the news my good man
news.com.aunothing more than a tabloid, they're more opinions than facts
Wall street has the smartest PhD analysts and quantitative experts who understand a plethora of things, including market cap, Ofcourse, and they know their money will just pump it up, why would they want to give their money to a bunch of NEETs, the winklvoss bros, and John McAfee?
They won't.
They know this.
If you're lucky some dumb asses may buy some derivatives, and only create demand for the actual underlying asset if someone actually had to deliver the contract and NOT by cash settlement.
but most likely it will be cash settlement and the derivatives people buy will be put, they will deliver FUD on cryptos via regulatory bodies and profit as price tanksNo one here actually understands how any of this shit actually works, we're all just here to serve our self interests
gold has a high returnGolds not moved in YEARS
see it from a psychological stand point not techtech is sound but btc went from future "currency" to future "store of value" that people forget that they still need to consider nowalso alot of problems have arisen that werent considered beforei.e prone to hacks, prone to scams, energy consumption, transfer confirmation qeues
"According to Katsunori Sago, the fair value of bitcoin should be around $US100 — nearly 99 per cent below its current level.
"Where the fuck do you come up with a number like this?
It is the #decade old coin
its where they thought about buying and are now mad that they didnt.
You're mom touches them.
gold>oil>high returnYeah something's high around here, alright.