Modum state in their whitepaper that widespread adoption of their technology would save the industry $3 billion pa and that this represents a 60% reduction of their current costs for the 200 million shipments per year in the EU.If the reduction of $3 billion is 60%, then the original figure of costs is $5 billion.
Divide by 200 million shipments and we have $25 per shipment as the current cost.Modum's research shows clients are willing to pay $10 per shipment to change to their product to avoid these costs.If Modum captures just 1% of these shipments, that's $20 million of revenue.
10% = $200 million.
Based on the cost savings to the customer, I see far wider adoption.Obviously the MOD tokens derive their value purely from distributed profits and expectation of growth in these profits.
If you can see the figures for what they are, you can be very happy with the current low price that we've bought them for.From their whitepaper:"Currently, the modum system is being integrated into the system of the leading last-mile logistics service provider in Switzerland.
modum.io is planning to finalize this integration in Q4/2017, using the first series of proprietary temperature loggers.
Clients from the wholesaler and mail-order pharmacy segment are lined up.Upon successful completion, official market entry in Switzerland will begin in Q1/2018.
Once integration has been established within our first client site, the logistics service provider can approach the SME pharma segment to offer the additional service.
Furthermore, modum.io is in contact with significant customers from within the pharma distribution vertical in the UK, France, Germany, Turkey, and Vietnam.
"Modum is an absolute gem.
if this doesnt impress you guys what will
Why does this problem need a blockchain solution?
The dabbawallahs don’t need it.
Amazon don’t need it.
USPS don’t need it.
“Shoehorning” springs to mind
This.
It's nice, but not every already functioning problem needs a blockchain, or use the tokens.We really need to stop supporting every new team, who decides to jump the blockchain train.
4263193The blockchain they use is to prove authenticity of informations and have it somewhere accessible to anyone that needs it.They did an ICO because it's a good and cheaper way to collect funds and share the profits.What's easier, doing all the regulation shit for usual shares, contact every investor, complicated shit for dividends etc.They'll just do smart contracts and be done with.Think about the product itself, the profit it can make, and that sharing dividend will push the price of the token up, which will push their 30% share of the tokens up.They want the price to go up because it's their actual profit, it's not like projects like chainlink or req or anything where the tokens are there for costs and further developpment.
Why is this coin being shilled so much all of a sudden; been holding this for a while but too much shilling, especially on /biz/ is counterproductive.
>Bought another 5k regardless
4263193Modum is the only project that actually NEEDS blockchain and i will explain why1)Blockchain gaurantees the proof required by GDP regulations that medical productshave not been compromised on shipment level.2)A low-cost solution that allows mass use3)Smart contracts remove the need for trust, as pharma industry has very stringent rules there is a need for 100% verifiable data which works without any 3rd party trust which makes blockchain the perfect candidate.
It’s starting to moon already