% of niggercoins lost forever, market cap couldn't be lower nigger bounty for whoever takes the chancoin tipping script on github and makes it work for niggers>imagining an entire forum of people sending each other niggersmake sure yours were born 6/10
God bless Niggercoin.Own a nigger today!
Why mods salty we found the safe haven crypto and delete threads?
There probably accumulating NGRs
i still have faithgodspeed, niggercoinCMC or bust, niggers
someone make a discord and dont be a banning, censoring cuck
We finna moon!
>year is 2020>"niggercoin" has a bigger marketcap than dogecoin>normies can't ignore it, market cap is too big>media gives it attention because of how "offensive" it is>reddit bans the subreddit>already extremely decentralized
2020They'll already have a partnership with Yum!
Food Brands KFC chain of restaurants by then, fully integrating NGR into the payment system
>proof of cotton>wallet called plantation>masternodes are slavemasters
Theres already a street map, wallet was called mellon wallet, the miners and nodes are the plantations and their size depends on the lashrate
Fuck you faggots i tried to get in the airdrop and you faggots didn't send me shit.
Fuck this coin I hope the fbi raids the house of any neo nazi fuck who owns these
Have fun explaining this one to the IRS.
The IRS reeeeally cares about the $12 of virtual online tokens I bought
Excuse me mods?
Sweetie, please don't delete our NiggerCoin threads again
Seriously where do I buy some niggercoin?
wavesdex.nl go to the exchange and type nigger, its the eyff identifier
Guys has anyone gotten niggers back on pol?Post some nigger OC and add your address ill send you guys some nigs
I have 40.5 niggers from a few months ago am I rich yet?
Tfw gonna make it with my 14.88 niggers
How many ngrs needed for lamboland?
God, I love you guys.
i'd recon enough to fill a plantation
You mean the mods delete Niggercoin threads but don't do shit for the endless wave of pajeets?
4481536>BTC crashing>ETH down>LTC down>USDT hacked Where do you go in these times of peril?
Which crypto offers an excellent hedge during these times of unprecedented uncertainty?
NiggerCoin That's right, NGR is green right now, absolutely unaffected by this hack nonsense - it's a flight to safety.
Niggers have always been stores of values, especially during times of increased Volatility.
Do your crypto portfolio a favor and scoop up some niggers from wavesdex.nl to protect yourself.
Better safe than sorry.
Will there be a monthly airdrop of cotton coin if we invest?
I reckon this won’t be a proof of work coin.
Its a proof of whip coin.
is there anyone here who made it through niggercoin?
kek
oh my god.
post your waves address.
original thread.
4th post was prophetic https://warosu.org/biz/thread/2378507
how do i get my niggers?
On what blockchain is it issued?Ethereum?
wavesno chancoiners allowed, gtfo russian scammer niggers.
fucking faggots
wavesdex.nlThere's almost zero transaction history for it.
Am I reading this right?
The last transaction was in July?
Fuck no
it got delisted in Julythe man holding niggers back
Can a coin rename itself?
Suppose we meme a different coin that is controlled by the makers of NGR into being accepted by several exchanges, then rename that coin to Niggers.
Would that work?
I actually have like 500 niggercoins, how do I profit?
they'd just delist laterno one likes niggers;-;
Guess we need a new exchange