Is anyone here looking out for KMD?
Or just the casual p&d?
KMD already did 8000+ atomic swaps while the litecoin retard takes every opportunity he gets to brag about his one atomic swap testing.
KMD also has the first in the world decentralized ico coming up soon.
Compare it to Eth market cap and you can easily put 1 and 1 together.
Komodo is at least 2 years ahead of their competitors, the only thing lacking is marketing but in the end it will not matter when people realize what Komodo is all about.
I am not expecting it to explode within days but with patience you will all be rewarded.
Remember this post in a few weeks.
I myself am loading up now and will hold till summer at least.
Yeah bro, have a bunch of komodo I bought sub $2... That ICO you mentioned plus marketing in earnest would push the value up.
This is a long hold for me.
I think $10 by this time next year.
Cheers m8.
KMD delayed their ICO and hurt their reputation, though they are making very nice progress, this will gain traction
>Unironically all-in on thisKomodo Platform's BarterDEX will be a great opportunity for many cryptos, including litecoin!ARK is in on it>pic related
KMD is a solid product and one of first cryptos I invested in.
Didn't give me epic gains, but I did get a tidy +30% or so before selling back early Oct.
If I wasn't trying to get rich quick (and generally getting poorer /biz/ style) I'd have a comfy bag of this shit.
KMD should be 10 dollars way earlier then this time next year.
And yeah they hurt reputation a bit but mostly from people that arent interested in the project, just some profits.
Delaying the ico was the best move imo.
Whenever the ico happens it has to be smooth af.
What is the difference between this and Bitcoin dark?
Why WONT this ever x50 to BTCD prices?
GRS is better than KMDI have neither right now though.
All in on POWR
GRS better then KMD?
Perhaps, just maybe you might wanna elaborate on it?
Or you just going yolo and hoping for someone to take your word for it?
Can't remember to be honest, but when I researched GRS, VTC, KMD and LTC a few weeks ago I decided that GRS was best.
Think it was just like KMD just better on some few points.Not gonna shill either as I have no stake in them at this moment
No offense but you decided it?
Sounds legit!
It's not.
Wouldn't trust myself on this board.
It's biz after all.But at least check it out and decide for yourself
Bullshit premine coin of an untrusted Z fork.
B b b you should go all in.
you don't like money it seems, they've developed atmoic swap on their application on their Barter Decentraliexchange.
People are going to catch onto this and it'll gain value you short sighted retard
Its pretty high for what it is though but I will stick with WAVES.
I can't really take advice from /biz/ anymore its really shit, I'm lucky to never follow it but the two times I did, was an absolute tragedy.
You're making me laugh