I could be way behind on this one but did yall see this article the other day?https://www.forbes.com/sites/trangho/2017/11/12/crypto-craze-ethereum-may-not-be-a-bubble-despite-3700-explosion/
wait a few weeks, eth is close to exploding up.
650usd
What makes you say that?
Whoa, that gives me some hard dick for crypto, the comparisons with rare coins and art markets makes me feel like maybe we ARE still in early days for crypto...
I know.
I have 25k that I can get pretty easily and I am seriously considering going in hard on ETH.
Right now I am only in about 4k
This made me go 2x leverage long, i hope you are happy
Wait until the Casper update gets a release date, then ETH will 3x.
Any idea on release date?
Casper is still a long time away.
There will be an increase way before it is implemented.
Don't know, next year for sure, but it may be as early as january or as late as december, keep an eye on the news, the day that a release date is announced you buy and you HODL that shit like you never HODLed before.
Why not now?
this.
the market will price in big news well before it happens
Ah, I suppose you can if you want to, but I think that the price will remain the same for another couple of months at least, and BTC will probably rise more, in relation to ETH, meaning that right now you will make more profit by keeping your money in BTC and when the ratio between them is highest you make the swap, acquiring cheaper ETHs, in pair trading.
I think it will have a minor breakout in December, but not worth the change from BTC.BTC 10k by christmas.
4349452Well I am 100% in ETH at this point.
I got in ETH at 380 and then it dropped to 300 and then the btc value dropped 50% additionaly.It's the coin to get justed
Yeah I am bag holding at 330 but I dont feel too bad.
Right on.
We might hit $1000 by eoy as bitcoin rips itself apart for the 2nd time in three months
eth isn't even approaching ATH yet and these deluded ethtards are STILL fucking hereholy shit how do you exterminate them
Yup.
Late for bitcoin, early for crypto in general.
Sorry mate I heard too many retards shit up /biz with "Ethereum is a russian scam" type posts back in 2016.
Luckily I took a chance and put some money in so Im sitting pretty on the gains.
Ethereum has a massive potential - once it goes proof of stake the only way to get new ether is to have existing one.
Your own personal basic income so to speak.
Sadly I'll need to get rid of a few so I dont have to wagekek in uni, but only when the price is right.
Can you explain that some more or give me a place to read please?