REQ ITS MOONING GET THE FUCK IN HERE
Am i missing another moon mission?
Isn't REQ Reqt?
i've been sitting on the sidelines waiting for REQ to get some steam before hopping in.
this looks like a perfect moment with their update coming on friday.
should keep going.
i'm going in wish me luck boys!
REQ is going to be massive next year.
It will definitely moon - the only question is when.
This could be it but there's no way to be sure.
Noooo not yet .. not on my 100k REQ yet
Yes correct it is a shit project because the current price is low.
Wait till it did a x10 before you consider buying in!
Matter of time, just sit and wait
REQT?
MAN- You had the opportunity to buy -%50 ICO price.
Many did- and now they are seeing nothing but GREEEEEEEEEN BABBBBYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I thought this when we briefly went over the ico price at the segwit cancellation.
God how did I end up more reqt than the dumb money ico people.
its actually mooning, glad i got my buy in already up 15%
One of my easy long term holds.
Will make a lot of money in 2018.
I expect a 500 mil market cap by february
EXTREMELYAGGRESSIVE
I have 26k req will I make it
Its mooning when its over 900.
Its been bleeding since
please, moon over ICO price you piece of shit.
I havent touched this shit since ICO and missed so many oppurtunities because of it.
Could have put 3k more into QSP.
mooning>all alt coins in greenIt’s a fake alarm
bought at .00022 eth was like 290 at the time.fucking kill me
FEELSGOODMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
plus the news on Friday.
I'm feeling great on this.
Huge orders on Binance
sold nearly half my stack yesterday to try luck on IOP, unfuckingbelievable
Look at that tasty volume
friday will be BIGt.
insideR
no, mate, you gonna need at least 50k to make it
tfw my patience gets rewarded.
all alt coins in greentell that to my LINK and ARK
ahahah, why on earth would sell it was so ripe for a moon
oh yeah, guys, join Request network share holders club here : https://discord.gg/zjqdDV
> moon> 5% growth in a small volume market after one massive buy inAll you hype beasts gonna get reqt as nobody else is buying
Request Team is very professional, we will be rewarded.
When you compare other teams and shitty products/solutions...this one is a no brainer really.
It was a in a bad spot because a lot of fishes bought in during the ICO and it takes time to shake them out.
Smart money has accumulated like pigs and this will sky rocket soon.
literal pajeet copypastathis is the reason why it dumped since ICO.
Pajeet overshilling this coin
WHERE TO BUY CANT FIND ON BITTREX
Etherdelta Binance Liqui Kuckoin
Agreed that moon is overstating it right now, but this could be the turning point.Yeah the shills are annoying as fuck.
The business model and token usage is sound though.
Dumb shills who don't understand it got lucky on this one.Binance.
Etherdelta.
Lol idiot, copypasta from where?
This is 100% original shilling, unreplicable, copyrighted, word to the motherfucer.
Yeah, that was just someone that put 100k on it FOMO style.
It will settle back down soon and get back into the regular rhythm
https://github.com/quantstamp/RequestNetwork_Review
As long as the floor gets higher and higher like it has been, Im happy.
Current floor is .000129.
Previous floor was .000119 IIRC
Stop The larp
>only #125 on cmpwake me up when we break 100
YCombinator is extremely aggressive.
They're thinking of the YC copypasta.
You know, with the "aggressive marketing" or whatever.
cmc
One single large green candle.
I'd be careful buying now.
good cause I want a trap, not a dumb woman.
150k req here, bought at ico price, hope it actually gets back to that level somewhat soon
Great!
Good time to exit.
which i just did
Get rid of Link bro
Just be patient man :)
FOMO P&D shilling threads on REQ.
No new news out.
Saged, reported and moving on.
he doesn't know of the biweekly news every 2 fridays>this is one of those fridays
testnet launching this update
this is the pajeet who sold at 587 sats two days ago :D :D
Sold at its peak, a while ago.
It may go a bit higher soon but I'm just happy I got out wit ha 20% increase.
It's gonna drop later tonight so I'll buy back then
Good job, thanks for declaring your trading history.
no prob pajeet
Nigger is throwing around with pajeet insults.
I like it.
it is not a question of YC's level of aggression.The reality is YC will be pushing req on every company they hold shares in.
Ebay and Uber alone will set the cascade in motion.
It would make sense to do so.
Just think about paying with a fcking REQUEST option on Uber / AirBnB.
One of the easiest things they can do.
And this alone deserves a 1B market cap in crypto valuation.
200,000 REQ here am I gonna be rich this time next year?
>mfw people still haven't realised the potentialYou niggers who aren't buying in right now are going to be swinging from the rafters casting a gently swaying sombre shadow over your dakimakura pillow as REQ releases updates they are now the gold standard for ICO contributions.
To avoid all phishing all of crypto rapidly adopt "send request" to conduct their fundraising.
k USD in Q1 2018.
Easily.
tfw only 4250 REQi wont make it on this mission i fearthe best i can hope for is some actual money to invest in 2018
So that's like 75 grand in bongland.
Fucking hell mate.
tfw it's 2010 and only have $10 worth of bitcoin> everyone says the best you can hope for is a bubble taking you to $10Not.
Thinking.
Big.
Enough.
This is going to be a 200 trillion mcap.
Screenshot this.
Sorry guys, Jonny smoked too much again.
Still low enough to buy in?
It's still like 25% under ICO.
Place buy at 0.00014021 which would be 30% off.
It's at 690 do... :/
>no trades for minutes
anything below 1000 sats is a fucking steal.
Buy set for 559
no trades for 7 minutes
How the fuck is REQ gonna scale on the Ether network when the Ether network can barely handle peak ICO traffic already?
You think this will really replace paypal?Scam scam scam
Dude, ETH handles traffic great.
Fun fact -- ETH has more daily transactions than EVERY OTHER CRYPTO PUT TOGETHER (inc. BTC obvi)
There was that peak ICO traffic disaster a few months back where people were waiting forever
4510838OH NO WTF WILL WE DO7 WHOLE MINUTES WITHOUT MAKING MONEYDEFINITELY DONT HAVE MENTAL ISSUESfucking tired of shit retarded board
a few months back.
ETH got a major update like a month ago that included speed gain and reduce of fees.you pay cents or less and there is no waiting list anymore for transactions.
When was this, source?
MOONING WHEWWWWWW!
LEGGOOOOO
OH SHIT WHAT THE FUCK WHY IS MY REQ GREEN AGAIN
lol just .000145
Really?
You didn't hear about the hardfork Byzantium update?
The one that went smoothly as hell because the ETH community isn't a bunch of idiots like the BTC community has?
If you're being serious than I'm sorry, but you're grossly misinformed and coming off like one of the millions of pro-BTC anti-ETH trolls.
BTC has no point and the market hasn't realized it yet.
Accept it.Don't forget Micro-Raiden, coming out on the ETH main net on 11/28!
asia beginning to notie request.
moon time.
lets go
How much is this headed to?
25¢???
.27$ this year.
0.55$ Q1 20180.95$ Q2 2018
I want to believe!
the normies only need to hear one thing before they mass buy into this : Paypal 2.0
Fucking sold 30k yesterday at 600 for IOP which has sold the news reee
You will never make it.
Keep chasing pnd coinsComfy since ico and trippled my Ico bags on the way down
Good job.
I've just kept buying.
Literally have nothing left to buy with.
I'm all in.
I'm back in the green at 0.000153 ETH.
this aint goin nothing but down
it jumped againjaps and koreans?
4513222Better go down again.
I'm so butthurt about watching the up and down for so long I just sold everything so I can buy back cheaper.
If it's up from here out I'm going to be 2x butthurt.
I did that last week.
Sold about 2/3s at 0.000155 but then fomoed back in at a local high at 0.000146.
Ended up with about 4% extra on my stack.
Not great but still extra tokens, can't complain.
Buy high, sell low.
Perfect anon.
actually moved down to #127lol everything is mooning, dont get excited
Nothing is mooning.
BTC is just taking a breather.
When he starts going back up REQ will go back to reverse mooning.