buy now before the rocket takes off
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
Wow.
That might be the worst idea for a business on the blockchain.
Steem does the exact same thing and is #26 on cmc.
it's good because the lower the supply the higher the value of the token will beit will be BIGGER than steem$5 ALIS in January
Priced in
NoLet me explain why :>Remember Monacoin and NEM hypejapanese people like japanese projects and will certainly push it, Japan being the first cryptocurrencies userLow mc (certainly compared to Steem)Post burn circulating MC : 14M $https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alis/>Burn of 70% of token supply on 17 novemberFrom 250M to 80M total supply, with 15% of these 80M being locked up = 68M>Founder is a graduate from Kyoto University, university with the highest number of Nobel Prize winner recipients in Japan>Currently he also serves as a project leader of a joint project with MICROSOFT JAPANHe majored in nuclear fusionAfter graduation, he joined RECRUIT CO., Ltd. (The 2nd largest HR company in the world, also the parent company of INDEED)He actively worked on machine learning and natural language analysisHe received the GROWTH FORUM Award which is the highest prize in Recruit> Plus, CONCURRENCE is GOOD for both customers and market> Again, japanese cultural aspect is HUGE
Are you for real?
All the bullshit ideas in crypto and something that aims at creating social media/publishing platform that compensates authors and users is 'worst idea'?
You seriously can't see the potential for this?
too much FUD from random anons who got burned and can't bother to do research.
do you retards remember what happened with MONA and how it mooned?
the japanese are cultish and love their coins.
once this gets on a japanese exchange its going 10x at the least, which still isn't even close to steemit's market cap.that is expected to be within the next 3 months or so on their roadmap, but for now getting attention is important.
bittrex isn't out of the question either.
sauce ?
https://trello.com/b/XH5jh4DT/alis-public-roadmap
Do u guus remember when MONA coin took off?
What do ALIS and MONA have in common?
Thats right.
They are japanese directed tokens.
You guys are missing out hard.
This will moon when it hits a japanese exchange.
I was talking about the girl