I paid a whore £120 last night for one hour.
She sucked me a bit and massaged me a bit then I fucked her.
By that point only 20 minutes had passed.
I was expecting a round 2 but she said I only get 1 pop for my hour.
What kind of legal recourse do I have for either reclaiming 66% of my payment, or getting the extra pop I wanted?
It wouldn't even need to be the full 40 minutes.
I'd be OK with another 20.
Pretty sure she has some sort of rules listed wherever you found here.I've seen lots of hoes on adultwork say you only get to cum once unless you paid for multiple hours.
you dumped your bag at -66%?
weak hands
social norm dictates, you're paying her for one nut and to leave and you have any hour to do it.if you want to have her for one hour no matter what, you have to explicitly come to that agreement beforehand
Lol
How about you get a girlfriend and stop being a degenerate.
She could barely speak English, and I don't remember seeing any such rules on her ad.
4268515You guys are jews.
Next time I'll just enjoy her boobs and ass for 55 minutes then have a quick fuck and leave then.
I like being a degenerate
The girl will start tot be annoying then.
She is there to make a quick buck.
The money is all that matters.
She would prefer if you finished in 5 minutes so she can move on to the next one.Either way do not waste your money on whores its a money sink.
Either way do not waste your money on whores its a money sink.Lol, have you tried dating?
Massage parlors friendThe first 40 minutes is a table shower and a nice massage, they don't get into it till the end so this sort of shit doesn't happen.Harder to find full service, but every single place does a massage and a quick handy.
It is much more relaxing and satisfying than just a random escort.
4268712Over the last 6 months I've been living away from where I usually do, for a job.
Not much point finding a girl, although I have had a couple of Tinder hookups.
I find a whore every 3 weeks or so resets my desperation enough that I can cope.
That's a reasonable price compared to wining and dining some bitch every other night.
Have tried a couple of local ones.
It's tough to find a girl who knows what to do with only hands, so opted for vagina this time.
Although I do agree, a decent massage followed by a decent handy is preferable to a 5 minute fuck and walk of shame.
paying 10x more for a 5/10 girl tell me about her problemsNo thanks.
pinkapp.iocant come soon enough
4268747Help a newfag out?
How do you find massage parlors with whores in them?
They are run by Thai's or Chinese.You may sometimes see a flashy car parked outside.
They sometimes have neon-fluorescent lights.
Sometimes they try to be classy.
Look for Asian women working there either way.
When you go in you pay for how long you want - here it's usually £35 for an hour.
That's for the massage.
They will probably ask if you've been there before.
Say yes.
Shower beforehand so you're all clean and not stinky in any areas she's gonna touch.
She'll show you to a room then leave for a minute.
Get naked, lie face down on the bed.
She will massage you for 20, 30 or 40 minutes, depending on the place.
She will then offer you some other service.
Have cash on you to pay for whatever you want.
Here it could be up to an extra £100 for full service.
Pay, get what you want, get dressed, leave.
Easy
can you fuck em or just bj or handjerb?
have never had a bj from a massage parlour, from maybe 10 visits over the past 5 years.
fucked twice, got handys 6 or 7 times, left relaxed but sexually frustrated a couple of times.
i love /biz/
bait n switch whores are the worst, bro.
i feel ya
This is accurate.We have a lot of korean ones in the US and on the west coast a lot of hispanic ones.
We also have a lot of white girl ones but they usually coast more for less service.
/thread
in the future you will pay whores through a smart contract with chainlink technology capable of analyzing the raw video feed of your sexual encounter and determine her performance.
If the oracle analyzing the feed senses you had a bad experience it algorithmically resolves how much of a refund you deserve.
Trustless, cryptographically accurate, every time.
how do you make sure your whore is STD-free?
This desu.I don't get how people fuck whores without fearing STDs.
if you just asked her upfront for multiple shots you wouldve got your answer and saved money.