pic relatedJust in time for Santa to make you feel better when you're at your pinkest!
Except it can't happen.
What if btc drops to 5k?
3k?
You me and everyone else will be buying the ever loving shit out of it.
Therefore it will never drop back down to these comfy levels.
Btc is here to stay regardless of whatever your TA says.
It will be the greatest chart of all time.
All of you /pol/lacks can try to refute me, but a significant factor for BTC being so successful this year is simply the dumpster fire of the Trump presidency.If you're in BTC you should be thanking this man for shaking confidence in the United States position at the top the world to the core.
How was crypto during Obama?
The S&P 100 was fantastic right?
all of my stocks and market in general at ATH>D-drumpf has shaken confidence in the US!
You are right, unless...Unless the panic is too strong and the weak hands are faster.
But that would just mean a lower discount
obama caused mtgox
whataboutismevery time
You can buy anything as long as you have infinite currency!
Just spend all your floating USDT.
one of my biggest issues with how bitcoin is viewed has always been this cultist attitude, these people who put money into btc from every paycheque regardless of the market or price, the people who spam their "hodl" memes and so on.
The delusion and amount of these people is too strong, untill we unshackle bitcoin from the alt buying market it will continue to reign as king (or literal bitcoin 2 comes along)
Yeah, diversification is always king.
Even the biggest BTC cultist should at least consider the possibility of total loss and if he would have to live on toast with ketchup for the rest of his life.
Januari is the dip
You me and everyone else will be buying the ever loving shit out of it.No, normies with weak hands and delusions of grandeur will dump it like hell.
jeezus that's bleek picture
4486154save enough for mustardyou can dream it's a yellow lambo
idk but digits are digits soo down to 3-5k got it
Wow, you're a fucking moron.
You'll fit right in on biz.
Deluded trumpets.This is the Euro value in relation to USD for 2017.
This has more to do with central bank bond repurchasing than the president
Yet the dollar remains the world reserve currency.
Hmmm....
Ha fuck off.
Central banks call the shots now.
Small corrections here and there.
2008 never again.
Maybe in 40 years.
Your Wojacks will be forgotten.
not showing 5YKEK
Except when it doesn'tLook at the last crash at 1k plenty people tried to buy the dips and it bounced and bounced and bounced but still made lower and lower lows until the market completely died and people had to bag hold for 3 years at 1k just to get their investment back.You've clearly only been in BTC during this crazy bull market we have had this year.. it just simply wont last the ride has to end at one point.
You're witnessing the change to bitcoin right now
new paradigm Omfc
LMAO.No.