Next leg up soon.New exchange soon.New partnerships announced soon.A step up from yesterday at .009Accumulating now at .001-.0012Don't miss this.https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETH
.0009*
ether delta is too confusing lmk when its on a real exchange desu
When it's on a real exchange you miss all your gains desu
literally go to etherdelta.com >> literally generate/create an address/private key in the top right corner >> literally deposit your funds.
Literally that easy.
R/etherdelta has a guide for quick setup.
Don't miss out!
https://youtu.be/kx-sCuQzODw
This one is so obvious...Don't be lazy and wait for when it's on an exchange.
ED isnt that bad
ok so how do I transfer my newly acquired HST to a wallet?
help just bought .75 eth worth
Myetherwallet -> send -> add token -> send tokens to preferred address.
If you used metamask, you log into MEW using it
You hit the bottom of the two deposit buttons to put your ETH into the etherdelta wallet, now you bought your HST, you want to click the top of the two deposit buttons, and boom its in your HST wallet, then transfer from there
can someone school me on this marketcap?
on etherscan it's showing me there's like 400mil tokens, but everyone keeps saying the market cap is low.400 mil tokens at the current price is like 150mil marketcap
majority of tokens are locked up and destined to be destoyred-- confirmed via developer in telegram
yes but what wallets will support my HST
MEW
just saw that contract.
fuck.
sold all my HST yesterday.I'M GETTING BACK ON THE ROCKET BOYS WAIT FOR ME
Does it show up as HST?
What differentiates it from regular ETH?
I mean we're talking moonshots of .002-.005 in the short term, and possibly .01-.1 in the long term
Yes, it does.
MEW holds any erc20 token.
Make a wallet, or import one, then on the right click load tokens.
Simple.
Just send any token, in this case HST, to your myetherwallet address.
Works simple.
oh boy we have a nooblet.
you can send most tokens to your ETH address, you'll be able to see them if you click "load tokens" on the right, though only if the MEW devs have added the token to their list.If it's not on the list you still have the token, you'll just have to find another way to send it
Everyone is a noob at some point
4355198ok sorry just got into crypto this last week after fucking around with stocks for a few monthsThanks for helping out

yea but how the fuck at you spose to keep track of your shit if you dont even have an acct?
smart contracts.
they're essentially your account.
just don't delete your cookies.
you'll lose everything.
also write down the master key, or whatever it's called that they give you once you create an address
just use metamask
or use metamask instead of relying on browser storage
these are my concerns: 1) tokens have no use; 2) it will take a long time until they have a product that is used
Once this hits a real exchange it is easily going to at least 5x.
The market cap is insanely low and the devs said they have huge partnerships coming within the month.
if you're not in this, you're missing out thats all I have to say
Really interested in this one.
Has great potential for 'long' term (1 year) gains due to upcoming exchange listings and business deals

What's the datestamp for these?
There's a time but no date
Tokens are network gas
since ETH got stamped as a pedo coin will you guys move your holdings to another exchg frm ED if HST moons?
I seriously see this having a ~40m market cap soon.
It's currently at like 7m?
This is an easy 5x from here out as long as good exchanges and news come out.
should i sell my xmr at a slight loss and go all in on this?
The tokens are used by the product, and the product has customers already.
whats the marketcap ?
Around 5-7 mil
Thanks anon
I'm not saying this project will be at 100mil mkt cap.
THis project is more promising than Power Ledger.
Unfortunately, the market is so retarded that fundamentals don't mean shit.
Regardless I can see this going to at least 20-30 mil, so a 3-4x from here.
Are you straight up retarded?
it was only 3% chilland i did it anyway, when it gets on some exchanges and i've made profit at this i'll cop some more xmr
Is it worth buying $100 worth of these in like 6 hours?
Or is it going to be too late?Also what's the timescale for these?
I was planning on buying LINK but that's not going anywhere right now.
However, I wouldn't want to hold this for more than a couple of weeks or else I'll actually start being afraid of missing out on LINK
id say the timescale is end of month for a 2x, end of year for a 3x
end of month for x2That sounds alright.
Not mind-blowing but still worthwhile.
wait on binance listing coming up in next two weeks or so
Are these the owners or something?>Oh my God I CANT BELIEEEEVE how much this is going to go up!
Like totally 50x!!!
Everybody buy my fucking coin!
is biz really gonna miss out on another 5x AGAIN?
Should have bought more at the dip, it's already 20%+
dipping again now, should be possible to get in below 0.001 while the huge sell walls are up
Nice
those we're just washed away
thank god for HST