
horny
Looks like a salty nocoiner and some golddigger

He seems ok for a 95 yo.
Happy that when I'm old I'll be able to fuck women 1/5th my age as long as I have money.
he is a Qtum holder
Worlds oldest Pussy Crusher.
Reminds me of a cat that's playing with its food.
He probably needs a new heart transplant soon.
FUCK THAT DIRTY KIKE!!
GAS THE JEWS!!!
RACE WAR NOW!!!
I wonder how much would the world improve if we genocided all niggers and sandniggers.Genociding kikes alone would obviously do wonder for technological devlopment since the seats they occupy pointlessly in universities would be given to humans.But what about the lack of welfare spending with niggers gone ?What about the enhancement on global security with all moslems dead ?I wonder how much will discriminating desintegrating nanoswarms cost.
4458540Thats one of his daughters.
Soros' current wife is half asian and way taller than him.
And then we all die of flu because we lack genetic diversity
oy vey someone report Julian to the ADL immediately
The few years of peace would be worth it
4458608gib billionaire heiress fucktoy cuckquean gf
There is more than enough genetic diversity in Europeans and Asians to avoid this.
They're suing SpaceEx over not hiring enough niggers.
Anglos, saxons, nords, slavs, spaniards and asians are all the same race and not diverse enough>Let's all mix races to end our genetic differencesKill yourself
checked
implying niggers from diseased ridden Africa has made us less susceptible to viruseskill yourself reddit
thb fills me with hope, op.
Well... That graph contradicts your pointThose races you mentioned are very close genetically, while africans are very different from a genetic point of viewWe might have ethnical differences but viruses dont give a fuck, its all a matter of genetic diversityI can feel the hate before even sending this
Those races you mentioned are very close geneticallyThey aren't though.
It may seem like it while looking a that picture, but only because blacks are so unbelievably alien compared to the rest of humanity.
>We might have ethnical differences but viruses dont give a fuckGood luck managing pandemics with a low IQ population.>its all a matter of genetic diversitySure, if you're some mindless bacteria that needs as much genetic diversity as possible to counteract the incoming bacteriophage that will kill off 99.999999% of your colony, except the lucky mutants.
Why isn't this man dead yet?
I honestly want to make it my life's goal to undo everything he's caused.