hello /biz/ i just got fired from my job only 2 days into working because they said i don't smile enough.
I'm done being a wage slave if anyof you live in Los Angeles and can provide me a job I'll take it you don't even have to pay me full minimum wage, I'll take it under the table.
I just want to learn how to make cash and you guys seem to know what your doing.
i don't really know everything you guys talk about (i've been lurking for only 2 months), but if you can answer my call my email is Chuckbattleaxe@yahoo.com i'll answer and lead and show up at anytime.
Nigga where were you working where you had to smile?
just get manual labor with caltrans
i was an ambassador getting ready for training ass a bike security guard
> I'm done being a wage slave> if anyof you live in Los Angeles and can provide me a jobNot the brightest bulb.
This is what happens when your civilization partakes in mass dysgenic behaviour for generations.
KYS low-IQ dreg.
what do you mean?
well i am done being a wage slave but i still need experience in what ever any of you are going to teach me.
so ill work with until i get the knowledge i need to move on my own
work with you*
Don't learn from anyone on biz for gods sake.
How old are you?
Did you go to college?
College is fucking useless but it teaches you how to learn.
If you're not good at learning you may have a hard time in life.Go research trading, technical analysis, cryptocurrency basics - what the technology is, how it works, why it's even useful etc./Biz/ will make your situation 10x worse.
dude just find another job
i'm 20 and i've worked my 10th job in the last 2 years
Clearly something is wrong, right?
It's no use doing anything of significance until you figure out what is wrong with you and you fix it.
well most of them were seasonal like 7 of them two of them i asked to be transferred because it was a bad environment to work in and the last one i told you.
Look into some horticulture jobs desu.
Shit pay, hot in the summers, but you can work your way up.
You could eventually try and get a position at a medical MJ company as well.
No degree needed, but an associates degree at your local cc can be useful.
You're right dude, nothing is actually your fault or responsibility.
Everything is either 1. bad luck 2. other peoples fault...Are you really too retarded to do some self reflection?
My first comment seems to have been spot on.
Low IQ.
You may not be fixable... sorry to have to break the news to you.
4497371>i'm 20 and i've worked my 10th job in the last 2 yearsYou have high functioning autism OP.
I have it to, aspergers.
No cure but if you get diagnosed you know what is wrong with you.
Best of luck.
Why not just ask the US government for assistance?
What shitty government do you have for not helping people like you find a job?
In here, if the government finds out that you're fucking autistic or whatever handicap is seen in your medical certificate, they would give you neetbux until they find a job suitable for you.
Also, you should file NIT.
move to asia and teach english.
china is treating me well.
no rent to pay.
4x local's salary, room to save, and you can travel domestic very cheaply, or leave on holidays.
if you have a degree, you have a job.
go.
the way around minimum wages is to take contractstell your employer you will work as an independent contractor that works nightly gigs for amounts totaling less than what the minimum wage would have paidi.e.
you work a shift for 30 bucks instead of the minimum wage paying you 49
working jobs that require public interactionEw
I unironically don't understand the concept of love, am I aspie?