A CHALLENGER ARISES

I can't believe it's moon time already.
Well, whatever.... easy 4x.
Damn this reminds me of the old days where moot specially created /biz/ just to get rid of the DOGE coin spam in /g/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3oiThw2RxE
this.A quote from cryptoyoda:"Yes, its $DOGE again.
Reason for my continued interest in that trade is due to the high odds of profitability when it finally breaks the High at 20 sats.
I personally know many traders accumulating heavy bags around that area here in anticipation of that happening.
Buying around here would be a x10 to ATH, potential overshoot not calculated.
Suggested strategy: Buy if 20 high is taken out, trigger 21.
"two weeks in a row he recommended it.This is going to be my Christmas present to me.
When you tried telling everyone but no one listened
Every "moon" thread ever>slight raise in value>"DUUUUDES THIS GONA MOON I SWEAR ON ME MUM">more people start shilling by peer pressure>doesn't moon
You seem pretty butthurt about not buying at 17sat.
It would take quite a fool to not see that Doge is on the moon move.
ironic
2018 year of the doge
Yet another person who doesn't know what that word means.
Is there not a smart board on 4chan?
fuck um.
a few people will see this and look at the chart history and make a ton of money.Others will be assholes and call you a shill for being one of the only posts that isnt trying to get you to buy their ICO.cant save everyone.
What makes you guys think this will go higher than 30 and then cool down again?
Secret: Dode will cost 1$ in 3days
History.It literally follows seasonal pumps to around 100 sats, occasionally breaking its ATH.If you know who Cryptoyoda is you should know he is actually a very good Crypto analyst.
His group has a .05 BTC charge per month and people are fighting to get in.He released a article about the next few months of crypto and recommended DOGE for the second week in a row.here is the quote:"Yes, its $DOGE again.
Reason for my continued interest in that trade is due to the high odds of profitability when it finally breaks the High at 20 sats.
I personally know many traders accumulating heavy bags around that area here in anticipation of that happening.
Buying around here would be a x10 to ATH, potential overshoot not calculated.
Suggested strategy: Buy if 20 high is taken out, trigger 21."
Yeah.
It's so damn obvious it hurts.
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dogecoin/Last time we broke 30m daily volume on a new trend was before the May run-up.
Not this.100 is achievable easily.1$ is a pipe dream.This is a good opportunity, but be realistic.
yup, I have been trying to help /biz/ bros get in, but everybody keeps yelling out that Im a shill...Although with all the scam coins these days I guess I cant blame them.
Idk, its hard to get through to people on things that are actually worthwhile investments and I just want us all to be able to live comfy.
I told you a secret not a theory
4524203>in 3days>achievable easilyanon...
hope you are right my dude.
Holding back my sell orders though I have a feeling it could easily go back down from here.
it's funny how certain patterns keep repeating itself in crypto world...i refused to believe this at first, that's why i missed a LOT of moon missions.
I am lvl 90 meme sorcerer trust me you foolish human
everyone says it's gonna moon purely by peer pressure, without any arguments>"but it's gonna!!!
"That's irony, shitstain.
You are a person who visits imageboards daily and you really dont see the reason why dode will moon?
fuck you guys 1doge=1doge
I'm only criticizing the hivemind behaviour on these threads that I have seen happen countless times, which rarely result in profitable trades.Maybe doge will moon, I haven't done any research.
Irony is "the expression of one's meaning by using language that normally signifies the opposite, typically for humorous or emphatic effect."
You genuinely don't know what the word meant.
people think it will moon purely because it "usually" does around this time.
No other reason.
It is the ultimate meme coin, so it might have some special rules, what do i know.
Doge is the oldest and most predictable boom/busts cycles in crypto.
Having to explain it to every newfag that comes along gets tiring.
DYOR.
I'll bite.I said everyone was peer pressured into shilling without actual proof and you tried to refute my post doing exactly the same thing I accused you of.
It's ironic.
I think it's too late to buy, I'll wait for the dip
Thoughts on dip target?That's still not irony, anon...
Even if I take your position, that's clearly not what "Ironic" means.
Why are you having such trouble with what that word means?
4524803you actually made me search for the meaning of "ironic".
I hate this board, I always take the bait.
I'm out.