Give me 1 intelligent reason why I should HODL bitcoin core?I'll give you 12 reason why bitcoin core will dielarger blocksizesno permmnent block size capsno backlogstransactions are way way faster and not limited to 7 transactions per secbitcoin cash ATM'S are coming to L.A will soon spread over the entire world.
Source Bitcoin Cash can run SMART CONTRACTS.Bitcoin Cash supports Atomic Swaps.Most advanced and largest mining pool VIABTC endorsing Bitcoin Cash other mining pools will soon follow.Okex and huobi will start pairing bitcoin cash with altcoins.China will without a doubt unfreeze bitcoin to Fiat trading and endorse the fuck outta BCH.Cheaper transaction cost.... try sending $1 with bitcoincore and lose $9 on transaction fees.Higher profitability for large mining pools, cheaper transaction fees.Bitmain will only accept bitcoin cash.Bitcoin cash is ready for mass adoption segwit1x and segwit2x will be still limited to 1mb blocks.
Developers, developers, developers.Keep holding your ChinaCoin that's being developed by a couple of suits.
I'll stick with my nerd money.
this is a trash post and your a trash person
yes goyim buy bch
Stick to dish washing.
Critical thinking and analysis will dilute your brainpower.
This post wasn't aimed at the newbie normie fomo investor.Keep going with the flow.
You will make it.
.000000000000001 btc has been deposited into your walletEstimated transaction time: 149 hours
Historically, BCH is an absolute shitcoin, one of the worst we had to deal with.It has one developer.It's based on an old Bitcoin code with some variables changed, this is literally a "fork" that you could make in 15 minutes if you wanted to.There are good reasons why Core team isn't changing the fundamentals of how BTC works.
No way dumb chink
There are good reasons why Core team isn't changing the fundamentals of how BTC works.thats exactly what they did you dumb retard, and bitcoin cash kept the old fundamentals, thats the whole reason it forked, to keep the old fundamentals
AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA LAL that delusion
28 thousand BTC moved from cold storage to Bitfnex.
A whale waiting for confirmation on the blockchain.
Wonder what he'll do with it?btc will get justed , bch is the future , mark my words
DELUDED
It forked to introduce new wallets which are sharing only chunks of data instead of whole blockchain, just to have shit centralized.Well I guess you're not hearing from the recent BCH bagholders that much because they've killed themselves after the promised flippenning and ATH turned into unsellable $300.
Don't fall for it.BCH has ONE developer who even admits that he has no idea what he's doing.
goddamn I mean why did he fuck up on the transaction fee, keklike yeah the blocks are full but I moved btc around last night at height of the almost-flippening, just had to pay 600+ sat per byte
he doesn't know how open source worksfuck developers, they are cheap and can be replaced.
infrastructure is not cheap nor easy to replace.any groundbreaking features that get added to btc core can just be copied and put into bch.
chinks whole economy is built around copying shit and doing it better/faster/cheaper
How many hours until the difficulty adjustment?
bitbean features-20mb blocks-1min block time-proof-of-stake so little wasted electricity-so many coins in circulation and future supply that costs to buy and use (tx fees) will likely always be near-zeroyou have to be a deluded brainlet to think bcash is a good deal.
CTNStMAm >> Ok bitbean tard.Good luck, lifting this coin from obscurity.It took bitcoin core 9 years to gain world wide recognition.
Another peasant that doesn't understand that bitcoin is a BRAND COIN.Keep hodling bitbean.
See you in 2025
tx link please
if theres any flippening happening because of transaction fee/times its this/thread
The branding is a joke.
How is wall Street and normies going to take a bean coin seriously?
ah missed you little buddy
Biz will learn Bitcoin cash is king when they see BTC free falling some more today
its called bitcoin CASHno one wants that
 i think
actually there is a big lack of blockchain developers in the crypto world
its totally finewe have bitcoin core as an established, inert "reserve" crypto and bitcoin cash to make purchasesthere's no need for one to eradicate the other.
i for one LIKE having high fees and long transaction times on btc because it prevents the algorithmic trading cancer that has infested wall street
Newb here.
How long does it take to trade BTC into BCH and vice versa?
I'm hearing stories of it taking hours for people's BTC trades to be put through?
Is this correct?
You are either desperate because you bought ATH or just stupid, accept your losses or lose it all you dumb fuck shilling this piece of shit coin.
I hate you ponzi people that try to shill BCC to others and have them waste their money so you could get profits, I think that all of you should be imprisoned
Lucky for you, yes, you missed the pump, but also missed the dump
I haven't bought or traded anything.
I'm just wondering how people could if it takes hours to complete your transaction?
Do they honor the price why you submitted your trade or does it go through at the current price when the trade finally happens?
it's roger ver who put 25k btc on finex
The only reason to hold BTC is to wait for a better price on XBC otherwise you should go all in right fucking now
When you're sending to and from exchanges, the money moves on the blockchain and has to go through traditional blockchain channels.
This is why sending BTC to bittrex or something would have been backed up.When the money is on the exchange, your buys and sells are handled by the exchange and the only caveat is whether or not someone will buy or sell at your price.
It's pretty much instant.You set your buy at 0.1 BTC and the price is 0.12, your buy won't process until the price lowers and someone sells at 0.1.This is the last time I explain markets to newfags.
Can we have a "crypto and exchanges for dummies" in the sticky so we stop getting threads like this every day?
So if you withdraw BTC as Fiat from Bittrex when the price was 7800 and the price is now 6200 when the withdrawal goes through what ends up in your bank account?
This is the last time I explain markets to newfags.
Can we have a "crypto and exchanges for dummies" in the sticky so we stop getting threads like this every day?That would be niceOr make a pastebin with a FAQ like this.No, you don't get fiat from bittrex.
but you can exchange it for USD tokens (and then buy back at a lower price for example)coinbase and kraken allow you to sell BTC directly to somebody else for fiat.The moment you do the trade, is when you get the fiat "token" in your account.
You have that amount in your account, unchanged, then you transfer it to your bank whenever you want (or invest it again to buy cheaper)
So what are all these people complaining about transactions taking hours and making them lose thousands?
They had it in cold storage, and sent them to bittrex, but it took too long and they missed the dump
So if you withdraw BTC as Fiat from Bittrex when the price was 7800 and the price is now 6200 when the withdrawal goes through what ends up in your bank account?>Withdraw BTC as fiatNot quite.
You sell BTC for fiat on the exchange (you cannot do this on Bittrex, you must send to a different exchange) You sell on exchange for fiat instantly, like you would if you were selling for a coin.
That way your exchange account has a set amount of fiat before you ever try and withdraw anything.
Withdraws can only ever be like-kind; you can't withdraw BTC as fiat the same way you can't withdraw it as Litecoin.
You have to do your trade on exchange first and withdraw after.Or like  said, you can exchange for Tethers (a USD "equivalent" token) but that has a liability dodge in its TOS so don't bank on tethers as a true equivalency to USD as they can print as many as they want (and we are all just crossing our fingers they have the USD to back it up)
I see.
So the risk of keeping your coins on a hardware wallet is it might take hours to get them onto an exchange while the price is crashing.
See the post I already made for youWhen you're sending to and from exchanges, the money moves on the blockchain and has to go through traditional blockchain channels.
This is why sending BTC to bittrex or something would have been backed up.I literally already spelled it out for you in the simplest terms physically possible.
Trading btc on exchanges = instant.
Sending btc to exchanges and taking it out = backed the fuck up.The "cold storage" thing is that individuals have their BTC on a hardware wallet or something, which is not tradeable until it is on an exchange, which requires a blockchain based deposit, which takes forever.
This means that people trying to get in on the "flippening" last night but weren't prepared to trade with their BTC on exchanges missed out (although that's not the end of the world)
BITCOIN MARKET CAP HAS NOW FALLEN BELOW 100 BILLION PREPARE FOR THE COLLAPSE OF BTCGET OUT NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE YOU FUCKING FAGGOTSTHIS IS YOUR SECOND TO LAST WARNING!
So the risk of keeping your coins on a hardware wallet is it might take hours to get them onto an exchange while the price is crashing.Hardware wallets allow you personal responsibility for your coins.
If the exchange gets gox'd (read up on mt gox, the first large BTC exchange) then you don't lose everything.
The opportunity cost of having your coins on a wallet is that you rely on the blockchain to move your coins.
Normally this is not a big issue (BTC has a pretty slow confirmation time) but last night looked like a coordinated attack on the BTC blockchain to congest and back up traffic, which exposes a serious flaw.
Unfortunately it looks like this flaw is being exposed by someone with a vested interest in bitcoin cash.Dramatic times we are in
Is there any solution to this flaw or should one avoid investing in BTC from now on for this reason?
OH SHIT!
this is real
But that happened already
There is a long term solution in the works.
Basically ready, but not for mainstream use.The use of segwit address is something that could help already, but still not very mainstream yet (it could fit 4x as many transactions in the same block I think)The short term "solution" (more like just a small patch) is increasing the block size, which is what bitcoin cash did.But for real scalability, VISA levels, BTC needs a different solution, because block size would increase in the terabytes per day.at VISA levels.BTC will have lightning network support, instant and almost fee-less transactions where you can even send less than 1 satoshi.
Is there any solution to this flaw or should one avoid investing in BTC from now on for this reason?It shouldn't be congested very shortly.
BCH is going to have a difficulty adjustment which will cause miners to shift back towards BTC as it will be more profitable to mine than BCH.
When that happens, it should clear up the pool of transactions in purgatory.
Nobody can say for sure whether this will become an ongoing issue, as it's the first time something like this has happened (last time, BCH was taking hashpower (miner power) from BTC, but never actually caused a stall on the chain.
Basically a developing story, and you can make as informed of a decision as the rest of us now)
4324714https://fork.lol/BTC will be 2.5x more profitable to mine in 20 minuteshttps://fork.lol/pow/retarget And then a lot more transactions will go through.
shut the fuck up this isnt going to happen you COREKEK FAGGOT
What's happening in 20 minutes?
HODL BTC cause it's BTC./case closed
4324876
we just explained itminers will mine BTC because it will be 2.5x more profitable to mine it.BCH adjusts its difficulty UP (because it should mine a block every 10 minutes, and it's mining them super fast right now, so difficulty increase x4)
Is there a limit on how much mining power one person or organization can control?
Seems to me that they could manipulate the market very easily by shifting their mining power around.
So in 20 minutes BCH is making it more difficult to mine BCH?
Seems to me that they could manipulate the market very easily by shifting their mining power around.Congrats you just figured out the fundamental problem with proof of work cryptos
No limit, except their big pockets.And yes, they could, but they would be losing millions per day if they don't mine the most profitable coin.IF they want BCH, it's better to mine BTC and sell it for BCHyesThis is standard in cryptocurrencies, so that blocks are mined at a certain rate (if too fast, difficulty goes up, if too slow, difficulty goes down)This is to adapt to the amount of miners growing or decreasing.
Give me 1 intelligent reason>"this is a trash post and your a trash person"This is the intelligence of the average corecucks.
lightning networkLightning network is not a great solution as it is a semi centralized layer on a decentralized currency.
It's basically like instead of you and 10 of your friends sending various amounts of BTC each, you all get together and send it all at once to dodge transaction fees and not congest the network.
I mean, it might technically work, but it doesn't seem like a very good solution and more of a kludgy workaround
I should HODL bitcoin core?People invest in crypto only because of BTC core, it is the flagship of crypto, all those faggots selling BTC for BCH might've triggered the end of crypto.
If you have a better alternative we'd all love to hear it.But it's not 100% like you said, it's more like if I write a separate ledger for my community.
And then at the end we just give what we are owed-what we owe in one transaction.
Instead of adding 100 transactions to the block we add just a few.Alice pays bob 100 dollars, bob pays Juan 100 dollars, Juan pays alice 100 dollars.
Close the channel, 0 transactions in the end that don't need to be included in the ledger that the whole planet earth has
Nah, it will go to 100.000,- USD+ in a few years, BTC just has these down spikes to kill off the weak fags that are in for an easy dime and those that loose their nerves for every medium movement.
These big percent fluctuations will come periodically again and again on the way to 100k, this is to be expected.
There will not be a linear road with neverending gains, these corrections have to occur.
In the long run though, it will always grow.
says he has 12 reasons bitcoin will die>uses the future tense>doesnt realize bitcoin can run smart contracts and atomic swaps
I'm sorry about your bags