https://www.fool.sg/2017/11/22/bitcoin-is-15-times-more-expensive-to-keep-safe-than-gold/
What is a hardware wallet?
What is a hardware wallet?
Paper Wallet
apparently $50 is 15 times more expensive than whatever people use to keep gold safe...I would personally use a gun to keep gold safe,but a cheap shotgun is still $200
kek, you know you can brute force that
What is a hardware wallet?
already checked.
The image has been posted all around 4chan for months... that shit is long gone.
I shit on my gold.
I do it for FREE.
so in that case a hardware wallet is infinity more expensive.niceeeeetell this journalist, they would love this shit (no pun intended)
It's free if you're not retarded.
Create a new email with a new password.
Don't use the email or password anywhere in the world.
Save your private key in it.
Always access using browser's private mode.
Always run Malwarebytes before accessing.
There.
Free.
Ah, thank you reputable men of fool.agSold all my bitcoin for gold bullion and stored it in a padlocked shed
storing a private key online everthis is the most retarded thing I read here all day
how about thismake walletprint out qr code and private key??????????????????????????????????????????????????
is an email account nobody knows about less safe than storing at your hours when it can be robbed
make wallet>print out qr code and private key>lose it>???
?>bought high sold low>(no) profit!
>keys are encrypted in my own secret codec that only I can decipher>change wallets every 7 days>computer is a huge mess only I can navigate>also use computer which starts from a USB and startup requires password which only I know in my head>only I have access to that virtual machine and its hidden on the thumbdrive which is otherwise filled with random stuff>thumbdrive is secured in a small safe that is waterproof and fireproof and the combination is in my head but also encrypted in my own codec in a little book which is filled with random stuff like receipts or random numbers>play the idiot mouthbreather IRL and pretend to be bad with computers
jesus christ at least encrypt it with pgp or truecrypt or something ffs
So I guess you can buy a really nice safe for $3?Jesus this fud shit isn't even creative.