Alright faggots, take a seat, in about to lay down some facts as to why you have to hate money in order to not invest in COSS>Payment GatewayCoss has developed a plugin called the Payment Gateway.
Online stores can set this up in mere minutes and begin accepting payments in the cryptocurrency of their choice.
This plugin extends to Coss's Point-Of-Sale application, which can be installed to quickly plugin to a website shop and Android application.It doesn't end there.
Because of this gateway, Coss accepts fiat payments to ANY of their listed cryptocurrencies - that means you don't have to buy BTC or ETH to buy "alt coins" anymore.
Alt coins are directly purchasable (and sellable) with fiat.>DividendsCoss offers their own exchange coin called COSS.
By simply holding these coins, you receive a split of all fees charged to traders using the exchange every Sunday.
The larger your COSS stack, the higher your proportion of payout.
You receive payouts in EVERY CURRENCY LISTED ON THE EXCHANGE.
The more trades that occurred for a coin, the more payout you receive of that coin.
This makes Coss a sort of "index" fund in terms of its dividends, because you receive all sorts of coins, some of which could be very valuable in the future.
Furthermore, you also earn dividends from payments through the Merchant/Payment Gateway!
!>Responsive TeamThe Coss team is active and available to communicate with on Slack.
They constantly give updates to the community and are extremely attentive to what coins the community wants listed.
As an example, /biz/ spammed Coss with CHAINLINK requests and it was listed 2 weeks later.
They list coins YOU want listed.
They are currently updating their UI to appease more "hardcore" traders.
The team has a plethora of experience developers from the crypto sphere.
>Early AdoptionCoss is still a young exchange.
Investing now is the best way to realize maximal gains, because if and when the exchange takes off it will take off fast as people flood to this new awesome exchange.
As the exchange gains volume, COSS coins will bring in more dividends and the value of the COSS coin itself will increase!
!>Merchant ListCoss provides a list of merchants from all over the world that accept payments in cryptocurrency using their gateway.
By purchasing goods and services from this easy-to-use list of merchants, you are contributing to the normalized use and adoption of cryptocurrency.>SafeCoss provides an info graphic on their website detailing exactly how and where your funds are stored on their exchange.
Your funds are transferred between hot and cold wallets to ensure their security.Use Coss today, be rich tomorrow.
Here is the infographic from the Coss Whitepaper detailing how your funds are handled in the exchange
Nice just (unironically) bought 100k
Genius moves my friendWhat color will your lambo be?I think you people have no idea how huge this is going to be
I've seen the calculations.
I think anybody who understands the potential of Coss has already bought in, the rest will simply need to fomo or miss out
You forgot to mention the>Exit Scam
COSS fud again?
how boring is that
https://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
They add so many coins, but volume decrease everyday.
They want to redo entire UI and engine = want to rebuild exchange from ground up.
How long that take ?
when moon????
Blocknet is going to blow the shit out of this exchange.
Volume has actually been increasing as of recentlyNo.My face when earning free ARK, OMG, and LINK every Sunday just for using their exchange
Volume has actually been increasing as of recentlyHas it?
Few weeks ago COSS token had ~3M volume..
How much btc for that Girl?
Yup!
Everyone is here to make $$$, and Blocknet is the best bet right now for huuuge returns
volume is less than $250k :(
4270582Nos COSS token volume my nigsThe Coss EXCHANGE volume.
They are being added to Blockfolio as an exchange option soon too!
COSS token volume is $200kCOSS exchange volume is $250k go check CMC dumb nig
noone cares dudeeveryone knows volume is lowWe are betting on this changing
lol when this goes live with alt to fiat exchanges.... people are going to FOMO like no other
Will their exchange take my credit card without providing an id, dna sample, and dick pic?
If i ran the exchange I would not allow credit card without verification.
This would be some dumb shit that opens doors to scammers
Blocknet does not need your identity ;]
Yeah, that sounds like a good long term plan..... /s
Alright PajeetTheir verification process is pretty minimal and fast
She is not Asian.
how much fees you expect for fiat-altcoin buys?
No idea.
I have heard they are active in their slack channel if you want to ask.
Probably less than competitors.
They have a diverse income stream, so they don't need all of their money to come from the fiat conversion.
WTF even is this 140 mil mcap shitcoin?
I've been hearing you pajeets shill it everywhere, and it seems like another do nothing piece of garbage
I agree, who is going to trust Blocknet lol
EXACTLY, That's the whole point of INVESTING my nigga.
You don't make dank gains off of a business that has already boomed
Bump for great monetary justiceI tried to warn them, father