I'm going to need a quick rundown on this, /biz/.Tether has a market cap of $600m.
Is that really enough to significantly pump up the volume of a $135B coin?Why is it a bad thing to be able to exchange crypto for proxy dollars without needing bank transfers?Why are people saying the hack is false?
What would they have to gain by this?
600m on a 10-100x margin isalot of pump
4482895literally an NSA meme
FUCK OFF NSA
for the last timemarket cap means nothingliquidity doesproblem is not in tethers but that they are used to inflate price of btc without influx of real cash
wrong.
4482931
4482931ExplainSo people used that 600m to buy up 60B worth of bitcoins at artificially increased prices is what you're saying?
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7eenzt/apparently_tether_blacklisted_the_30000000_usdt/It was a failed bitfinex pump (as they have been doing all year), after which they claimed "hack".
How are they leveraging though?
You cant just put 20 million in a margin at 100x leverage...
Wash trade (since they collect the fees themselves, so it's free) to push up the price on order books.
You don't even have to use leverage.
Just wash trade all day.One of the executives at finex is on record boasting about (margin) trading on his own platform (rad flag).
Another is on record (bitcointalk) straight proposing scams (red flag).
Every big bitcoin pump this year was directly preceded by the issuance of tether (red flag).Ignore the NSA retard.
He's hoping to cash out before the bank run.
Retard here, can you explain how tether would cause the inflation of btc or other coins prices, and by how muxh?
Check coinbase volume for the past few months, USD going in is at ATH.
New accounts have been increasing too.
The growth here is organic, USDT issuances is only a small part of the pump.
Can you link?
How much fiat is actually moving in to crypto?
I habent put fiat into exchanges after the small initial investment, and since then just move my stack around from coin to coin so to speak, so i dont have a good sense of what people are actually doing
BTC is basically propped up by the idea that it'll always be inflating and gaining value.
Thus far, it hasn't failed.
Even now there are people here thinking it'll continue forever until it hits $1m+, regardless of any rumours of it failing.So whenever a relatively small amount of money gets injected into the market whenever there's a down-turn, it appears if there's confidence that some higher-up whale is pushing for BTC to succeed.
That just breeds more and more confidence, and the price goes up as naturally.Add unregulated wash trading to make it seem like there's huge volume of trade, and well, we have BTC as currently.House of cards will get brought down when BTC owners slowly but eventually cash it out into real money and there's nothing actually holding them up.
Bitcoin traded $4,497,980,000 in 24 hours.
Pretty sure it's quite high liquidity.
fuck off nsa
What does that amount mean?
That btc was sold or bought with total 4billion dollars of fiat?
Or the total number of bitcoin traded multiplied by the current "price"(be that price inflated or not, i dont know) ?
What does that amount mean?
That btc was sold or bought with total 4billion dollars of fiat?
Well every buy is also a sell.
It means that 4 billion dollars changed hands.
>Or the total number of bitcoin traded multiplied by the current "price"(be that price inflated or not, i dont know) ?No, that's market cap not volume.
Latter most likely.
It's still a fair definition of market liquidity, but illogical in this argument.
Who has actual numbers on how much BTC was actually used for goods / cash?Otherwise we might as well be swapping bottlecaps really quickly between each other and that'd also be very liquid.
Because liquidity does not equal volume.
If someone were to buy $20 million worth of BTC in one swoop, the market cap wouldn't increase by $20 million, it'd increase more than that.Back in the day the Markus and Willy bots on Mt.
Gox bought $100 million worth of BTC, which moved its price from $200 to $1200.
$100 million of buy orders added several $ billions to BTC's market cap.
High volume (not marketcap) does indicate high liquidity though.
When calculating liquidity in stocks they use either the trade volume or the bid-ask spread.
How did people find out about the bots?
THIS.
pic relatedthis.
a manipulation like this happened before orchestrated by mtgox.
right now we are witnessing probably the biggest scam in btc history.
I dont know what could stop it and when but it surely will at some point
op cannot into market caplook at liquidity.market depth for 30M where will that take the price?
fuck off nsa!!!!
It was because of data that was leaked to the public a few months after Mt.
Gox collapsed.https://www.coindesk.com/bot-named-willy-did-mt-goxs-automated-trading-pump-bitcoin-price/
u look dumb with ur nsa comments.
High volume doesn't mean anything if you can wash trade.
Bitfinex allows you to buy your own sell order and vice versa.
Kraken also allows this on their USDT/USD market.
Bots are continuously trading with themselves to give the illusion there is high volume.
BTCUSD is the highest-traded pair in the crypto market.
Not BTCUSDT, not BTCETH, not USDTUSD.
At the very least, you can say that BTC is being traded into and out of USD held in hermetically sealed environments on exchanges.
But with USDT activity unable to sustain any kind of BTC price pump the worst case scenario is that the BTC-USD-USDT triangle trade is being carried out covertly, within one bust exchange.
I certainly hope you at least get paid to do this.
If not, this is truly one of the most pathetic shilling attempts I've ever seen.
It's also very counter intuitive to do this as people will become more skeptical about the whole Tether situation the more you do this.
Last time I checked crypto MC was 200b, now it's 240In a month or so
The last of the dirty money / laundry services is exiting bitcoin.
This is good for the ecosystem.
Not reflected on the market cap of any USDT pair.
There's no way for you to prove this
If any of you happen to know Dutch, the top comment on this article provides an overview.https://tweakers.net/nieuws/132055/cryptovalutabedrijf-tether-claimt-verlies-van-30-miljoen-dollar-na-diefstal.html