If biz had a ten commandments what would they be?
Reply with one commandment and dubs adds it to the tablet.
We go until there's ten.
Thou shalt buy when the number excels, and selleth ye when the number understates
I, Bitcoin, am the Lord thy God
Thou shalt shilleth thy bags immensely
Repent, or forever be a stinky linky
When thy arms be long, and thine bags heavy, verily shalt thee attend unto /biz/ for succor and release
Remember the Lord BTC, and keep it Holy
Thou shalt post pink wojack, the blessed, in times of woe
Thou shalt never buy into a moon once it reaches the double digit percent increase.
Lest thou commit an act of FOMO.
Thou shall buy high and sell low
Proclaim pajeet, if thou thinks he doesn't poo in a loo
10 replies and not a single dobs.Can /biz/ get ANYTHING right?
based
Thanks bro.
Biz doesn't get anything right is #1
Appantly no
Biz bread is shortbread it might have been better to accept any toast ending with a digit other than 0In the meantime, "Beggeth naught, save in DESIGNATED bread"
God damn it biz
The future can only be revealed with memelines
Thou shalt not FOMO
Buy the dips, ride the rips, sell the kicks
One fucking dubs?
And it was a reply about how we can't even roll dubs when needed.
So far our commandments are:1.
Biz can't get anything right2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.10.
Look to the east for the Koreans and/or Chinese are coming to pump and/or dump
Thou shalt not bear witness to link lest ye shall always covet thy neighbors lambo with heavy bags.
Thou shalt not buy high and sell low
Thou shalt not worship Shitcoins
Biz is full of fucking retards
thou shall not speak sergey's name in vain
Roll for this
Buyeth high and selleth low
Thou shall eat thy own dick if Bitcoin not $500,000.00 in three years.
Thou shalt hodl, hodl, hodl!!
NOT ONE FUCKING DUBS
HODL!
If thy promiseth to give funds to dubs, trips and quads, thy shall not deliver said funds or face a sea of pink wojaks.
Third try is the charm!
saint wojak the pink is thy savior
The only one bizraelies actually follows
fall for bulltrap