Are we just gonna ignore the fact that BTC is on a massive, unprecedented bullrun?
Its going from ATH to ATH with no end in sight.
This bitch is gonna crack 10k before the EOY.Yet you massive faggots got nothing better to do than fud BTC nonstop and jerk off over shit like LINK.
Theres not a single thread on biz right now celebrating BTC yet at any given time of the day you will find a dozen LINK threads.
Has biz turned into a psyop run by pajeets or are you just too fucking dumb to take advantage of this?
inb4 its all tetherget rekt faggots.
idgaf whats pumpin it.
Its going from ATH to ATH with no end in sight.
This bitch is gonna crack 10k before the EOY.I see you are trying to justify buying at ATH
tether has a market cap of 600 million you dumbasses.
meanwhile bitcoins market cap grew over 30 BILLION in the last couple of weeks.you fucking retards gonna be left out in the cold.
I hope you are all quietly buying bitcoin while you do your weakass fudding attempts.
nigger are you fucking dense?BTC could crash 75% right now and I would still be in the green.
And thats exactly because I did NOT listen to bizfags like you who told me not to buy at ATH back when it was in the 1000s.
wow what a sucker I am for buying at ATH.
massive, unprecedented bullrunIt's called a pump and dump.
Don't think for a second that the authorities are not getting involved soon.
We're only trying to warn people and protect them from potentially being scammed by this Tether/Bitfinex weirdness.
You're the one trying to smokescreen the situation.
It is clear that something is goin on with this misterious "hacking" and massive amount of shills saying that "everything is fine", "nothing to see here" and "it's just NSA FUD".
We're only trying to warn people and protect them from potentially being scammed by this Tether/Bitfinex weirdnessyeah and last week you tried to protect them from the flippening.And before that you tried to protect them from outdated tech.You dipshits are either incredibly stupid or incredibly evil.
Once the hedgefund money starts pouring in this shit will go stratospheric.
We havent seen anything yet.
And yet a bunch of faggots will miss out (AGAIN) because they listen to biz.
you faggots can all go eat a dick.biz shitting all over Bitcoin is a clear buy signal.I just put in another three grand.get fucked you fudding pieces of shit
Why would you buy an obsolete coin on the very peak of its final bubble pop before ignonimity
so you still think masterluc was wrong?he predicted all so far
Sure you did.
Enjoy your 20% chance of making 20% return and 80% chance of losing 80% of your portfolio by the new year.
Ethereum has rendered bitcoin obsolete.
The only real people buying bitcoin at these stupid prices are the third world faggots who haven’t realised ethereum exists
Buy high sell low, FUCK YEAH!
nigger I got in at 1400 and people were saying the same shit back then"oh no anon dont buy, its outdated""look at these shiny shitcoins.
much more gains.
"you useless cunts have been fudding up all the way to 8k and you will keep fudding when it hits 10k by the end of the year.
Im done listening to you maggots.
Bitcoins market dominance has been trending down since the beginning, this is just the dead cat bounce we’re seeing.https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/
fwiw that 3k buyin just pushed my average bitcoin price up by 100 buckslike I said, it can crash 75% and Id still be in the green.fuck all of you fudders with your pathetic bullshit.
keep buying LINK or whatever shitcoin of the week youre peddling right now.
I just don’t really like bitcoin.
I think it’s outdated expensive slow bullshit that wastes electricity and is owned by the chinese.
Ethereum is much better and probably a better return on investment.
market cap grows by 30 billion>rages from ATH to ATH>hedgefunds getting ready to go balls deep>"i-i-its a dead cat bounce anon"you pathetic cunts really need to try harder
You are a pretty big sell signal
oh so no its "well I just dont like it"LMAOat least were getting some truth nowwhat is with biz and your pathological hate for bitcoin?is it because you fags just cant afford it that you hate it so much?wtf is wrong with you pajeets
hedge funds >getting ready toDude, loads of hedge funds are in crypto already.
Welcome to 2015
When someone is getting all righteous about how much money he’s making/going to make is basically when to sell.
The whole bitcoin/bitcoin cash issue is still fractious and who knows what will happen to “the bitcoin” which one will end up being the actual “bitcoin” could make the wrong choice and end up with nothing.
Bitcoin is looking very shakey.
you really got nothing anon, do you?your arguments like "well I dont like it" and "its too late"enjoy your princess pony coin lmao
muh BCHthats why you hodl both obviously
This is why I laugh at cryptokikes like you.
You're all brainlet retards and manchildren.
Can you imagine if people who trade stocks and forex for a living acted the way you did?
LMAOyou bitches really have so nervesyou constantly make fun of boomers for their stock investmentsexcept were talking bitcoin of coursethen its "muh stocks´" suddenlyyou faggots are pathetic really
Looool you faggots deserve all the losses coming your way.
Long live btc
you fucking weasels with your $50 LINK portfolios are getting mighty nervous right now.
you can almost smell BTC cracking 10k.
And you dipshits know you fucked up by banking on shitcoins.
So of course you got nothing better to do then fud the hell out of the ONE TRUE KINGcope harder you faggots!you deserve to be left out in the cold for shitting all over BTC
Dude you answered your own question in OP.
after the bch 'flippening' fiasco and all the shilling and celebration that was happening here, I personally lost all faith in this board.
Its literally JUST pajeet shills and chinks calling other people pajeet and chink.
Hold btc and come here for keks
Successful altcoins (all of which were shilled here), from their inception to now, has given many times the return of bitcoin in the same time period.
ETH has given 20 times better returns since market open in 2015.
Other alts have given even more in comparison.
If you are still in bitcoin now hoping for higher expected return, not the least wary of a crash or phase-out, you're one of the simplest type of people in crypto.did you only 5x your investment?
pitiful