>mempool is clearing>chinks are back at mining exclusively the one and only>price is gonna recover over the next few days/weeks>bcc price is only gonna go down>feelsgoodman.jpegEasiest call of my life
chinks are back at mining exclusively the one and onlynoniga
Finally i hope this shit ends soon and then we get our alt market back finally
I don't, since I want to buy me sum BTC and watch it raise into the sky *dribble*
why are the amount of unconfirmed transactions quickly rising then??
?https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
nigga you're not looking at the right thinghttps://blockchain.info/charts/mempool-count?timespan=24hand https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hhttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrateyes nigga
How does it feel for the hordes of ADHD retards who sold BTC low and bought BCC high?
Did you learn your lesson the hard way?
isnt it obvious lol?hard fork in 10 hours.
people need access to there funds.
160k + unconfirmed.
so CHINESE (biggest backers of BCC) miners switched to BTC to release funds.
Flippening needs people to have access to funds, not waiting for confirmations.
BitCH logic
Fucking give it up already jesusIt feels like half of you weren’t even around to witness this exact same “flippening” PnD we had in August
This is correct.
Tether like fomo build up will appear later
where it went up like 2x?
?its holding steady at 3x what it was a week ago.NOT TO MENTION this was based on NEWS - seg fork got cancelled
Mempool is not going to get fully cleared by the time the BCC fork kicks in and miners switch back over.
Things are gonna get really fucky.
It peaked at fucking 0.5 the last time
???
talking about your reference to the PnD in august
It feels like half of you weren’t even around in AugustI think you fail to realize the turnover rate here.
Its wave after wave of dumb money thinking bitcoin isnt get rich quick enough so they fuck it up thinking they are way smarter than they are because they have a little bit of nerd knowledge but a middle school understanding of economics.
Next month you will have another wave of newfags telling you how fucking dumb your, get use to it.
This.
Every pnd depends on a new wave of biz users.
Each tired old wave fades after losing money here.
Once the memepool clears do you think people will go from BTC to ETH to get away from all this shit that has happened be between BTC and BCC
Mempool is not going to clear any time soon.
There's not enough time before miners go back to BCH.Wait 2 weeks until the txes expire and get deleted.
I have no idea, all I'm saying is that if you're not a whale it's all about analyzing the facts and understanding the crowd.
A big part of crypto is linked to behavioral economics, most people do not think rationally and are too attached to their ideas/investments.
At least that's my opinion but I'm just a very small time player, more of an observer most of the time actually.
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hIn twelve hours 44,000 transactions have been cleared, the meme pool is gonna be cleared of normal level transaction fees in a few days at most.
In 3 hours and 39 minutes BCH update is live and the majority of miners jump to it as it will be more profitable to mine.
this is good.
Big china miner here.
confirm thisbig korean miner here
4337520This.
I came here two days ago telling people BCC was a scam and that BTC will go back up.
The retards didn't listen.
My next prediction is that BTC will go to 10k+ after being proven to be the greatest bull.
Japan is getting exponentially more into bitcoins which will also help.more shilling to try to get some more shekels off gulliable newfagsEmbarrasing.
and as so often the ones who just didn't sell anything and bought when it dipped won.
do people ever learn?
what time is it india?
do you pajeets shill 24 hours a day or what?
secondely agreeing Sir, am big miners too, very true, buybuybuy pls Sirs