Is it really too late to buy POWR?
I can't help but feel that this is a P&D
Buy DNT instead and thank the board later.
Stop chasing pumps, it doesn't work.
You have to have been in things before the pump.
Pick good coins and hold them.
Pumps will come for those coins.
You just have to be in them at the time instead of off buying all time highs for other coins.
Dont ever chase green dildos m8
4466227yes I know this - and I have never lost money chasing a pump before - but people seem to genuinely think this is going to be a long term hold?
FOMO done well!
Too late mateI got in at 0.15 two weeks ago....sold at 0.42.
Buy it up.
It's not a P&D.
Todays news:*Power Ledger in top 10 Australian startups*Australian-based solar startup Power Ledger, among others, is to receive AU$8.25 million in funding from the Australian government
see, who the fuck is shilling me and who is FUDing me, I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE.
AU$8.25 million in fundingnot nearly enough for anything
chasing the pump?
pump didn't even started yet
https://www.coindesk.com/australian-government-grants-8-million-for-blockchain-energy-pilot/
Jesus christ this term "pump 'n dump" has literally infected the minds of all the newfags.
Every other thread is some faggot crying about a possible Pump 'N Dump.
It's exactly like when a 12 year old learns a new curse word and repeats over and over thinking he's broken into new ground.
As if he's really learned something special this time.I'm noticing these patterns on this board.
They are associated with specific and identifiable demographics within our society.
Name another coin that's been given 8milling in funding from a govt?
Further news today: Power Ledger heading to India Wednesday to begin trials.
"I can't help but feel"This is such a feminine phrase.
Really explains a lot.
top kek
I know what demographic you're fromspoiler - it's the gay retard demographic.
confirmed autist/uneducated faggot.either way, you're definitely an Americuck.
4466630confirmed.
OP is 12
4466588This is how Chinese shill.
By attacking people who doubt the coin they need to shill.
I once sent a couple posts to a Bcash shill and he unironically started telling me that he would fuck my mother (yeah I know).
Forgot all about the coins and attacked me for like 5-6 posts straight.
Really makes your shill impossible to relate to anyone with any decency.So yeah, don't do that.
shut up I will fuck your mother
Too late for 400% gains in 3 weeks.
Not too late for 400% gains in 3 years.
The basic vocabulary and unimaginative LARP is making me think 11 now.
why do 14 y.o's always measure life based on wet fingers?
You're so damaged and affected by the world.
It's incredibly sad.
My ethnicity is Irish / German with a healthy anti-Brit sentiment embedded into my DNA.
There is no decency on your creepy pedo island, anon.
None at all.
Can you ask your momma if she's still coming round mine tonight so i can give her her weekly fucking again.
It'll legit hit 1$+ tonight, screencap this
I didn't mean you were actually Chinese.
Frankly I don't care about your genetics.
It's the way you act.
You act just like one of those third world people who have to live life animals to surive in these jungles they call countries.
You have no interest or fundamental education to discuss actual economics of crypto.
Or the technology behind it.
All you can do is to attack senselessly.
Like an animal.Also drop the act.
The comfy chair in front of your PC at your parents' basement is not the place to call people weak.
How in fuck's name do you think you can be taken seriously when you tell people they are weak, on an anonymous imageboard?
It's not how life works.
Save that stuff until you grow up and be a man enough to be able to actually face people.
Preferably in real life.
Look at this lolcow
just buy Dnt faggot
actual use cases>solves actual problem>high profile announced partnerships>government grant>media attention>top start-up in AUSthis is a P&D, right guys?
?