>Make some decent money on crypto >Get excited >Suddenly excited to get out of bed in the morning>Feel like my life finally has promise for once>Look forward to a future where I might get friends and maybe even a gf >Everything is going to be ok>Couple of months pass >My holdings take a turn for the worse >My crypto gains begin to dwindle >The hope evaporates It's not fair.
This was supposed to be it, this was supposed to be the turning point of my worthless life.
You don't need money to be happy.
Just be more like The Dudesons.
And get a job ya lazy NEET.
If you choose this to be your life, treat it like a job, and learn it properly.
Now is the time for hard lessons.
lmao fuckin REKT
I went from 25k to 250k to 50k.
Fuck I was so high on my gains at one point.
OP I feel the exact same way.
My mood swings depending on if I'm in the red or green.
And trust me, I'm in a terrible place right now.
Having a job just makes me want to die period
Buy at least 10k link it'll be your ticket out of the neetlife.
You honestly think you can live your whole life without ever having a job?
How deluded are NEETs like you nowadays?
How do I make it so I don't want to die while I'm working
Find a better job
I think crypto helps with depression.
It gives something to look forward when you wake up.Anyone feels the same?
Obviously I've had plenty of jobs otherwise I wouldn't know to hate them so much.
Being locked in a space with a bunch of normal people making fun of you just so you can go home with a measly paycheck and enjoy a few hours of internet before going back to work the next day is hell.
It's so simple, senpai.
Why didn't I think of it sooner.
Couple of months pass >My holdings take a turn for the worse This is truely the worst feel, I'm glad I was able to make some money on crypto but the dream seems so far away now.
You also have to toughen up to the feeling of consternation that may arise when you realize that all profit you make is at another person's expense.
all profit you make is at another person's expense
this desu
lmao you fell for the meme coin