Guys this is serious, you need to go all in BTC before we hit 8k.
BTC is gonna die they saidBuy BCH they said'The flippening' they said
Cheap alts>btcHopefully it keeps pumping
Almost all in in BTC but I still think BCH will 2x way faster than BTC
crash @ 8k
Whats gonna cause it this time?
This.
So glad i sold my alts last night....so, so glad.
you need to go all in BTC before we hit 8k.you are so desperate to dump your bagahahaha
Nice bait for those who have no idea of what an ascending wedge is and what happens after a triple top.
That was a systematic attack by literal paid shills.
Very disappointed in this website's administration, they could easily prevent shit like that, but I feel like with this much money at stake, they pay off people at 4chan who'd be responsible for preventing ddos-like shill swarms
The fuck does that chart even mean.
I know nothing about this shit.
My $7500 bags that double in value every 2 months, are you fucking retarded??
If you're not all in on btc, or have the intention if eventually being all in on btc, you're a moron
Like wtf am I even looking at here?
Just bought $2000 worth of Bitcoin at 7kIn this for the long haul.
Do people like you really exist?
I know the top chart is just a candle chart for the price but what about the rest?
Euros you fucking fore*gners, switch to burgers
so you bought at 7500?
Yeaa....
I don't think that guy knows what he's talking about.
lol.
Hold btc until it corrects and THEN you buy the bags of the battered and beaten alt holders.
Then go back into BTC (King) when it starts going back up.This isn't rocket science anon.
Ok, enjoy $10k before EOYThat's what normies like you are able to understand and want to listen.
Oh fuck you don't know what the order book is.
Use some context clues, Muhammad.
What kind of dog shit schools they got in eurostan now?
Jesus
Order book shown under price chart in your pic.
Where do you even trade cryptocurrency?
Coinbase and Gdax only offer a couple of coins?
I bought at 3515 TWO MONTHS AGO you dumb faggot.
$78k in gains so far.
Holding till 200 trillion market cap.
Its coming bitches
Bittrex or Binance, Bitfinex is not bad either.
This is the kind of people that buy BTC today.And you say that we're not in a bubble.Anyway...Exchanges, my friend.Bittrex for example.
based bitstamp
FOMOingnaah I'm fine, I will buy back in IF we reach 8k
i'm selling with leverage at near 8k(so I can buy back in the dip lol)
Buy your BTC/ETH there and transfer it to a full fledged exchange like Bittrex or Binance.
Don't forget about the Waves DEX.
Once volume picks up and we have the GUI update it will be a nice exchange.
The fees are low and they keep getting new gateways, all that's missing really is volume.
Can you buy with euros or dollars on Bittrex or does it only accept other crypto?
m-m-m-m-mommy make the shills go away :((((
No, you have to buy the BTC or ETH first.
That's what normies like you are able to understand and want to listen.thanks, Pajeet.
You can onlyl deposit cryptos (or USDT that's not exactly USD).So you've to buy BTC/LTC/ETH on Coinbase, deposit on Bittrex/Binance and then trade to other coins.If you want to buy with FIAT money, try Kraken but they have only few coins.
Everything I don't like is a bubble.
explain?I'm hoping for a small dip soon.
Burgers got massive sell walls nigger, EUR trading is pretty comfy.
But bots infiltrated recently as well
If we go over $7900 have your money ready to invest in an exchange...if it keeps climbing i figure the dip will happen between 7900-8k.
How to sell bTC with leverage?