Why is BTG @ 700$ on bithumb?
Just refreshed and 881 nowWut
It was just added.
expect extreme volatility
Just checked and bithumb doesn't show up under Markets on CMC yet.
What do you think is gonna happen once it does?
im going 50% inThe volatility, the increasing market shareEasy 2x
910!!!
It's in the thousands wtf I just bought 2 of them to be safe and/or stupid.
What's happening?
Send BTG to bithumb and sell?
or HODL?
> Why the fuck theres no marketcap dataaaaaaaa
Too scared of using a Korean exchangeI think I will wait til Bithumb shows up under Markets on BTGs CMC price.
Once that happens it should skyrocket on CMC therefore on the other exchanges.
My theory.
Wtf you could have bought them for 300 on Bittrex
I assume he bought on bittrex but checking the price on bithumb on the side.
pushing over 1.2k on bithumb and it's 300 on bitfinex?
What the fuck are these guys doing?
ok i lied i just bought 1.18
Can BTG even be withdrawn from exchanges?
I know on bitfinex it can't.
WTF is happening.
I thought everybody knew, that it is a scam?
I wonder what will happen with the CMC price once they update the list of exchanges trading this.As you can see https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-gold/#marketsBithumb is not showing up yet.
Damn 1.1k, is this a good opportunity?
Is the market not yet aware?
Its good volume too.
Guess nobody told the chinks the guy is taking a transaction fee cut.
1266!!!
!WtffffAAAAAAAA
> I'm scared anon
Can an intelligent anon tell me what is happening right now?
In regards to possibly making a move on BTG.
someone is buying retard levels on bithumbpeople mass selling on all other exchanges which is getting eaten by bots
Told ya, just wait until bithumb shows up!
bhct is the plat.fork.
There have been so many instances in cryptos where I can not understand how the market behaves at all.
This one baffles me the most.
One google search and you should know that its a scamcoin.
Maybe whales playing their game?
how is it a scam coin?
Fomoed in at.046, currently .049 at binance.
Set sell order at .1 maybe I should lower it.
dont listen to him its not a scam coin I just purchased a whole one
Creators taking a cut out of each transaction fee.
$423 on binancesuch variation.
>idiots sold their BTG day 1 and fucked up again like they did with BCHKek
It's either the whales know but not many others so they are pump and dumping it.
Would have to be throwing around bullshit and rumors to get this kind of price.
Either that or somehow their API is fucked up and bots think they're buying bitcoin or bitcoin cash.
Ok, let's just add 100 MM to whatever the MCap is right now... $ 121.996.416.... oh shit is going to 2X?
BCH is about to overthrow bitcoin.
People are uncertain, here we have a 300 bitcoin.
Dont you think this will be a bargain?
Holy shit it's mooning on Binance because of this?
If the coin wasn't premined or gave transaction fees to the owner maybe.
I'm honestly surprised anyones even listed this coin.
4534318 (You)>It's either the whales know but not many others so they are pump and dumping it.
Would have to be throwing around bullshit and rumors to get this kind of price.
Either that or somehow their API is fucked up and bots think they're buying bitcoin or bitcoin cash.The bots may be it, yeah.
Expensive bug.
I sold my BTG for 0.06 on Bittrex, so I made good profit.
Good luck getting your BTG to Bithumb in time (if you even can get an account there in time)
Korea has lost the fucking plot.
Why are they creating so many alt bubbles?
because the koreans love to pump and dump shit.
Doesn't matter, once bithumb shows up under markets on CMC is massive moontime.
I'm on binance, i thought we all were.
Binance is by far the best exchange right now.
Sign up and use my referral code 10751999
Is bitfinex the only exchange where you can't withdraw BTCG?
binance
400 on bittrex0.06 by tomorow
wow i might make like $300 because of OP.
Maybe he isn't so gay today.
femoot is hot
.06 right now nigger
just hit .06 on binance holy fuck not even 3 mins from ur post
Bittrex
4534512fuck, should have sent my coins there.
oh well
Wish me luck guys, sending my coins there now.
I've never used this exchange so please give advice if there are any issues westerners should now in using a chink exchange.
picrelated
$1200 :O
DOESNT MATTER JUST WAIT UNTIL CMC ADDS BITHUMB TO THE LIST AND THE AVERAGE GO TO THE MOON
From which exchange can you withdraw them from?
Just went 10% into BTG
Blockstream is pushing Bitcoin Gold.
It's their fallback without mining cartel inference in case BTC failed against either BCH or B2X.
If you support BTC, you should support BTG.
Some kind of warning message has popped up in Korean, I put it in google translate and it says this: "The customer is Mr. Beatty Korea.com co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as ' the company '), which operates the comb is a bit over the summer site coin gold (BTG) deal with the following matters in exactly aware of and understood, and you agree by then on a free doctors to start trading.
The company has a chain of technical faults, or block of BTG stabilization fails, etc without the prior consent of the Member as soon as it can disrupt the deal.
This process occurs in the ticker drop loss evaluation and the company shall not be responsible or liable for.
The customer is aware enough of these bargain: BTG risks, and that is why he has risked themselves in the event of loss or damage, etc., agree."
You say it because the lack of arian race or something?
Confido team looked solid, Bancor team looked solid yet they cucket so many.
Or is LINK the reference for solid teams, what?
HOLY SHIT BCH 1830 ON BITHUMB I WAS ABOUT TO PANIC SELL WTF TIME TO GO TO KOREA
Confido team uses fake profiles with very low Linkedin contacts.
The one real profile they used, it's without the owner's knowledge/stolen.
Fucking oceans 11 crew right there.
What do you mean?
Surely this can't last.
of course it wont, but the pump isn't over yet
It happened to me when I was buying btg the other day on bleutrade.
I was buying at 0.014 and sending to bittrex to sell at 0.03.
Once the price showed up on CMC everyone started selling at the right price and eventually hit 0.06.
bithumb is DOWN ABORT I REPEAT, ABORT!
not this mother fucking bullshit again WTF
OH SHIT THANK YOU KOREANS
ITS BACK ITS BACK ITS BACK
1000 to 400, crazy koreans
It's crashing!!!!!
It's crashing!!!!
It's going back up, actually
THANKS GOD I SOLD ON THE TOP
Price on bithumb still 2x from Binance, what the hell?
thanks bitcoin for free money lul :^)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
lol that korean that buy at the top at 1000 and never sell
just like linkiesby the book
>trading on bithumb at 1.9 eth>trading on binance at 1.03 eth????????
AAAAHHH WHY ISN'T MY BTG DEPOSIT SHOWING IT SAYS I HAVE EIGHT CONFIRMATIONS
how are you going to withdraw dollars from there?all the prices are higher
ur ded anon
why the fuck is this being held down on bittrex, do the bots just do that automatically?
just buy any other crypto and withdraw it lol
is this how we print money???
well whats the point then?
Can I withdraw as an American?
its crashing on binance too
buy 1 eth worth worth of btg>sell for 2.5 ether worth or whatever it is for dollars>now buy any crypto of your choice, congrats you turned 1 eth into 2.5
AAAA can i withdraw from bithumb without verifying??
These aren't exact figures, but let's say you can trade it 1:1 for eth on binance, you can buy 1.9eth with it on bithumb.
It won't let you?
idk thats why im askingshould i send to bithumb and sell there or nah?
why the fuck is this crashing.
this isn't even logical.
I haven't been able to sell yet, but it looks like you don't have to in order to withdraw btc.
Looks like it says there is a limit of 30 btc withdraw and I haven't done any verifying.
From Korea?
you already did lolBTW is this shit reactivating?
Can you withdraw BTC from bithumb without sending em your passport?
that's 700 KRW you dummies
buy you stupid ass fucking koreans buy
is Bitcoin gold going to reach back to ~400 range??
i got in at .048
This is done boyos, let's go pump RCN, VTC?
whats next?
lost 1000 dollars so far :/
He thinks koreans won't pump this again out of no where.
Once this trades sideways again it's time to buy again.
This stupid shit is still ~640$ on bithumb.
There's something else going on.A shakeout to make arbitrage easier for the whales?
Or bullshit bot tactics.
bithump market not updating?
Also i think the pump is over, I hope you were all able to play it safe considering this is an absolute shitcoin stuck in quarantine on many exchanges.
Fucking koreans.
Their whole culture is so fucked up in so many ways.If you try to compete with a korean, just know they will do whatever to get out on top.
Oh it is going up again.
nvm only on the west exchange.
not bithumb ;/ prob only temp
the arbitrage is underway.
it's oversold as hell on rsi (hurdur TA on a shitcoin getting pumped for abritrage, yeah I think it's bullshit too but this coin was dumping while still being sold for 1/2 the price on another exchange with high volume is bullshit too).
Hopefully it'll even out to wherever the koreans decides to let it sit.
at least the Bithumb main page came back up.
Oh for certain, I'll be back once this goes sideways.
Dropped fast, might not sw for long, this coin is meth.
i swear, the price has to go back up in the west exchanges, bithumb price seems to have stablized a bit and the arbitrage is too great not to.
It's trending back up.
No promises to where it goes to.Logically it should reach equilibrium around the highest exchange but apparently crypto is where logic goes to die.
Please advise, I have thirty BTG left to sell still (waiting for arrival).
It is already way above market value of every other exchange.
You mean to tell me the Koreans regularly pump way above market value?
This wasn't a fluke?It was in the low 500s and now it is looking pretty stable in the mid to high 500s.
I think you should sell it now, the pump is over.
koreans love to buy everything for a premium.it's harder to get money in and out of the country and they don't pay income tax for day trading so naturally, if there's volatility it doesn't matter what price you buy at if you're just flipping.
haha i can tell by your posts that you sold and now hope it goes down.
eat ass kiddo
How?
wait, anyway to withdraw cash from korea to avoid tax?
just asking for a friend,
nvm, i didn't sell so i ddin't lose anything :)
kek.
idk.
whatever taxes you pay is up to your country of citizenship.never used bithumb so I can't help you unfortunately
Is it even possible to get deposits on bithumb?
My transaction wont go through
the whale who caused that last red candle is a fucking asshole.why aren't multiple whales just buying everything up already, competitiveness in the market should have us at bithumb's price by now
Does anyone here actually want to own this garbage fucking coin?
That's the main problem we all know it's shady.
it's a trader's game right now.
fundamentals don't matter.
buying a coin on an exchange to flip isn't gonna give you a virus.maybe tomorrow when prices settle somewhere (assuming it's not here, but there's no fucking way they'll go to below where it was prepump unless it turns out the team behind is a neo nazi who hates koreans) but until then fundamentals of the coin don't matter
After dragon slaying it will be the only surviving segwit bitcoin chain
Well guys I sold, and am now up 2.74 bitcoin.
Been lurking biz for a month now and this is the first time I've acted on something I read here and made money.
If I had sold my BTG at yesterday's western rate I would have made something like 1.2 btc less than I did just now.
It's unfortunate I couldn't sell when it was in the thousands but I couldn't help how long it took to create an account and send the BTG.
Fucking stoked.
damn she fine
yeah bithumb went below 500 .
i sold as well :./
Then move to litecoin?
What are people not understanding about the coin being premined and transaction fees being sent to the creator?
It's been said numerous times in this thread.
They obviously do since the stupid money was only able to prop it up 15% on bitfinex.
unless it turns out the team behind is a neo nazi who hates koreansI'd go all in.
...are people in the troll box on bitfinex talking about how the coin is shit and isn't even worth buying for a quick 5 minute arbitrage?this shit wouldn't be happening if whales weren't unloaded massive bags at below market price
k whatever you're right that's why it pumped hardcore on our exchanges.
guys...am I stupid or is there a perfect arbitrage opportunity here?
at least bithumb back to 500+
fucking genius>buy stable shitcoin on western exchange for pennies>pump shitcoin on eastern exchange with no volume>make fucktards buy your bags at a 50% premium to take advantage of the "arbitrage">laugh your way to the bank as you watch them unable to sell their bags
I can't withdraw, it asks you for your passport and idk what else.
Thank god i only sent one btg to bithumb.
Anyone else got any info regarding withdrawing or do I have to say bye bye to my btg?
+!
i bought back in lol, maybe i can offset my losses
just got to wait on transfer times
Has anyone successfully arbitraged this yet?
How long does it take to send BTG, and are you able to successfully withdraw?
the volume at 0.0400 was 300 btc higher than when the price was 0.0435>the coin has top volume on bittrex, eeryone who wanted to dump based on fundamentals already did sobarely anyone even uses scamfinex for minor alts
same problem :/
I successfully sent one btg and sold at 0.07.Can't withdraw because .Already sent my psssport.
Do I have to just wait?I'm scared of sending everything to a Korean exchange.
What do?
great, and now btc gets pumped.how will this affect bitcoin gold price??
lol u will never get your coins out of bithumb dumbasses.
No idea.
I think I'll just hold tho, this shit is too similar to BCH.
it doesn't matter
Nah, there's more references to ID verification that you can as someone from the USA such as a "Drivers License" and deposit evidence... ...................................
I fucking hope
What is "deposit evidence"?Like, a screenshot from where you send the BTC/whatever?
I wanted to buy 1000 BTG and sell, but I'm freaked out now.I think I'll try uploading my passport and see if they verify me.
I know they do accept international users, its not koreans only.
I always verify my account as soon as I sign up on every exchange, I just never used Bithumb before.
No clue, although Drivers License is only needed for the withdrawal option
is ~500 the final price tag of btg?
it fucking better be
I'm a first timer on 4chan after checking out nudity and advise I couldn't stop starting at biz I read this whole thread and couldn't stop smiling from excitement.
Idk how all this works but I plan to learn happy hunting :D
Alright Chang.
I'm sending over 20 BTC worth as a test.
Let's hope this works.
i don't get how Bithumb's price can just fluctuate like that, it just freaking jumped to 550, and then went back to 520, 516, in like 5 second.
4535902Also, how long did it take for it to show up on Bithumb?
Nooo wait lol.
Wait until someone else confirms that you can withdraw ok or wait for me ill post once they verify my shit DONT SEND 20 FUCKING BITCOINS WITHOUT BEING 100% SURE IT WILL WORK.It took around 15-20 minutes, might take a bit more, when something is pumping so hard I lose track of time and feel like Im on speed or something so it could be 40 minutes easily.
Very well Wei, but this is a time sensitive operation.
That price can fall fast, and I noticed that BTC cost $8600 USD on that exchange.
its not the end, hope we go to 500
hmm interesting, bithumb crushed to 460 yet the price here at bittrex didn't budge
Are you really going to risk 20btc?
Cmon don't be an idiot.
20% gains are not worthy.
Try to get verified for the next opportunity don't rush this man that's a lot of money.We got fucked by btc randomly pumping.
It didn't go below pre-pump price which is awesome.
I'm very thankful with this coin.
This week I went from 0.5 btc (after getting cucked last week by bch) to 2 btc :) thanks to this anon  .
bleutrade?
that exchange is not even listed on marketcap.
i rather not risk getting hacked for some shady deal.
That's 4 BTC in profit or around $40k.
If there's no risk I need to do this.Also, I own nearly 150 BTC.
WTF is this?If you try to get authenticated for withdrawal, it asks for this.
it's not just ID.
Looks like I was able to withdraw without verifying, I completed the withdrawal form and got a confirmation issue.
I still see the BTC balance though now it says it is "in use", but I don't have a transaction link yet to follow that it is being processed.It says Bitcoin withdrawals are delayed in order to prevent accidents, and then it also says "all withdrawal would be done after the administrator check the request detail".
Much of the language is confusing, that sounds like they have someone manually checking out withdrawals.But if they required me to verify with ID then I don't know why they let me submit the withdrawal form to begin with, seems to be working there is just a wait.
lol did you check bithumb price tag again?
it dropped down all the way to 400 now.
It is listed on CMC!
Go to BTG, click on markets and you'll see it.
I wouldn't keep comfortable at night keeping my shit here tho, I just do quick trades.
Also I insta-verified because the limit to withdraw is 5k.The thing is this is indeed risky, just wait until some other anon confirms or wait until support replies to me.
You don't want those bitcoins frozen on an exchange.
I got the 0.07 btc on bithumb that's it.
If I lose it is not the end of the world.
this is not it.i had mine at "in use" for 3 hours nowu need to get verified i think.
anyway arbitrage opp is slowly dissipating.
Idk, I just sent a screenshot of the bittrex transaction withdraw shit that shows transaction id and all that.
I think it's that?
tell me BTG price by the end of this year?
BTG price $390 on bithumb
Yeah I can see I was mistaken, you do have to verify.
Can I verify just by sending a passport photo or are there more steps involved?
Meh too late.
I sent 16 BTC worth.
I'm sure it will be fine as they do accept international customers and they are a valid exchange.
Let us know how that goes.
If it works you could try doing the same with bch.1690 on Rex, 1760 on bithumb.
No that wouldn't work.
The price of BTC is substantially more on Bithumb.
The profit you'd make from the difference in BCH would be offset by the loss in buying back to BTC on Bithumb.
Same thing happened when it was added on Bittrex.
Went up to 600 and came down to 180 within an hour
Well I made 2BTC so far.
Pretty good, but I'm waiting on a withdrawal right now.I think I'll wait before sending anymore.
The arbitrage moment seems to be pretty much over at this point.
Nice.
Make a thread in a few hours to see if you can withdraw.
I could've made 4 btc if I moved everything to bithumb during the peak (0.11).
At least now I'm ready for the next time.
Watch out btg going u again in Korea.
0.047.
Just sold 11 at .043 did I do good?
JUST!I want to transfer more, but I'm tied up in BCH at the moment.
Hard decisions.
Horray.
My transfer of 0.018 went through from the site to my wallet.
Lets see how the 55eth goes...
Successful withdrawal from bithumb?
Lvl 2?
Yes, it was from bithumb.
I am level 1
Really?
Level 1?Check pic related, Im trying to withdraw but it asks me to verify.
Maybe they already approved your shit?
Can you check the verification page what it says?I would say wait until youre verified before going big.
Play it safe, theres gonna be more chances like these in the future.
Could be .025 withdraw limit..
Nono, like, as soon as I type 0., it automatically shows that popup.
And tell me to verify, I already sent screenshot of the withdraw from rex, my passport.
What do these niggas want?
A bloodtest?
I WANT MY 0.07 BTC REEEEEEEEEEEE.
Haha.
I think I might be verified.
My screen looks exactly like yours except that I have a 30 BTC withdrawal limit and 130 BTC daily balance limit remaining.
I "withdrew", but I'm waiting on an admin to ok the transfer.Maybe they set withdrawal limits if your account balance isn't high enough.
I also gave them my cell phone number.
The one thing it makes me think they accept internation costumers is this: on support, when you send a ticket, under "Type of question" it says: "(For international customers, please select this inquiry.)".
But idk.
Are you sure youre level one?
When you go to withdraw, does it remind you are lvl 1 like in the screenshot I posted previously?
Aaaah it might be that, they dont want poor plebs keke.
Oh well lets see what happens.
I don't get that messageI already uploaded my Drivers License before making the withdrawal btw
Fuuuuuuuuuck i dumped so much of that shit.
Fuck it just sent 25 btg to it, worst case scenario I will have to wait a bit to withdraw.
why is btg price going back up??
?it is still low in bithumb.
what is going on?
you didnt realised this was the real bitcoin did u?
*cough*https://support.binance.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002995672told ya alldid you miss the rocket?
Initially I sent 23.86 BTG as a test and I was able to "withdraw" that.
You should be in the clear.
Bithumb is really not safe to use.
A few days ago they fucking locked my account for arbitraging too much..
They gave me a Korean phone number to call.
Awesome :) I see the price keeps going up too!kek
Worth running an arb against this Bithumb pump or not?
Ver wants to sell his BTG bags now, so he's washtrading BTG
Not going to trust that much into the pump.If the verification takes too long you could be looking at big losses.That being said, Im buying on Bittrex with the expectation of other people trying to arbitrate, making the price there pump up close to the Bithump one.
I've done one round so I'm verified.
The worry is the transaction taking to long to move over from trex.I'll probably do the same as you
I'm guessing you're right and everyones looking at the same thing.
Pump will slow naturally I feel.https://mempool.online/bgold/queue/#2h
How long does it take to receive the btg on bithumb?
45 minutes and nothing yet.. starting to get worried now.
It's pumping again.
Get in.
I think it's three confirmations from the last time I did it, but that's just an estimate.We've gone nearly 30 minutes without a block so I'm expecting a huge dump on thumb on each block so I've sold now and will buy in once it levels.See: https://btgexp.com/
Anyone considering an arb between trex and thumb, you are not alone.
guess yo uare wrong
Anyone able to successfully arbitraged?
Its $540 on bithumb.
Ok Im happy with making money but WHY is it still going up on Bithump
l suppose we will see 0.1 soon...
sent btg to to bithumb and stillcheck the thread some people already did
I can't register.
Fuck.
Their phone verification message didn't come.
are you ready for the drop?30 min ETAare you hands strong enough to hodl until monday?
Fuck I can't type today.
I wanted to say I sent btg to bithumb and I'm still waiting.
Transaction already has 3 confirmations.
:s
You're looking at the Korean Won price you idiot.
Gold bags is now a meme in Korea.
Its starting to drop on Bithump
yeah but somehow it is not dropping on bittrex.
i have no idea why.
friday evening>just fresh after BCH dumpsterfire>people drop out of BTGno suprises here
annnnnd another sharp dip.
It should go up on bittrex if people are buying to from bittrex and selling it on bithumb
its coming, sold my remaining btg at 48
Finally received it.
Bought at 0.4 sold at 0.55 or something.Now I have to verify my shit to withdraw, they told me to send the shit again covering the number (????).
Whatever feels good cya faggots hope you made some gains w this.
if you were here 3~4 hours ago the bithumb price was about where it is now and the bittrex price is at 0.041.and i don't htink many people do the arbitrage thing.