happening in t. minus 1 hour
nope, you're going back where you belong
PLEASE PUMP FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.I JUST WANT MY MONEY BACKMY MOTHER KEEPS CRYING, PLEASE.
IT'S STARTINGGREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
dude settle down, everything will be okay i promisenow is your chance for REDEMPTION

I kek every time I see that eth skeleton.
Can someone fill me in.?
What is going to happen on 30 minutes?
I tried to buy at 1270 but BITTREX WON'T FUCKING LOAD THE ORDERBOOK PROPERLY.Here I am, holding my dick, watching it moon.
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cmvqo/predictionexplanationdiscussion_of_tonights_bch/
What block is the HF?
I sent a transaction from an exchange to my wallet, am I fucked?
they will sell the 'newS' and dump on you
bch kills btc
both are scams
Nothing.
Please don't FOMO into the current shilling.
It is a pump before a countdown.
bcc>controlled by chinks
LMFAOYOURE MISSING OUT FAGGOT
kek you fucking retard
Can someone answer me?
My wallet is still saying the transactions are unconfirmed and the HF is in like 20 mins.
Am I fucked?
probably not a good idea to be transacting right before a fork, but I'm not a technical expert
I completely forgot about it and besides I sent the transaction almost an hour ago and not a single confirmation wtf.
none of the miners are mining on BCH until after the fork adjustment is probably why
your mom>controlled by me>for a profit>while she wanks my weiner while im crypto trading>feelsgoodman
3 minutes left.
4343895If I catch these blocks am I okay?
yes it just means hashing power will increase after those 6 blocksall good
Where the fuck do I buy in at?
bittrex
Kraken or Poloniex or Bittrex
At this moment I do not advise Kraken.
Can't sell when you want to and cloudflare pages all the time.
Average ping response of 6000ms
binance
Isn't this crashing hard right now at polo?
4343018nope.
sorry.
anyone dumb enough to sell real btc to get shitcoinCH.
is a fucking moron and deserve to be left broke.
you mean the btc that takes 4 days to make a transaction?
sure bud, btc died without b2x.
lmao nice happening dumbasses
4344720
MOONING TO .5 IN 44 MINUTES