I'm going to put the rest of my BTC in a dice site and roll.
it's about .5btc, i've lost so much in failed moon missions that i don't even care what happens to this, i'm out of crypto for good if i lose my btc.
i will give .1BTC to dubs if i end up winning the roll.
dont but whatever u dope
nah just throw it in a micro cap coin.
much better odds there.btw, block is gonna explode in near future as well as litecoin.
Youre going to loseBut checkem
Can you screenshot your rolls?
I want to live vicariously through you.
Either way, good luck bruh!
roll
Easiest money of my life.1D34DQrsLyL4kXKDbMKVPkdeCCTM5TbdCZ
Reroll
all in on XRPit's bound to hit 3k sats again so you'll be in profitwait for it to dip to 2800 again, re buy.
uf you are patient, you cannot lose in crypto
cool, you get .1BTC if i win.
i'll let 2 more dubs in and that's it
You have better odds playing russian roulette lol
reroll again
AX87sWFp99vFu5uK3b3cRAuvxLFJ4Pwek
post pics of roll regardless plscheck em
i'll take your 0.1btc
thanks OP, I'm rooting for you.1H886SDwzTm3iFeDweMhNTvY9aPxraxeHu
story of my life
Heyyy
are you fucking kidding mereroll1BXtm3hMQJJ234B4MYysugLF4GjmdmvJq1
Gl mate
Last roll
yet another reroll
Don't do it.
.5btc is still a lot!
Do something constructive with it or at least hold it.
One day that .5btc will you get you half a lambo.
I actually did this before for the same reasons and won.
Good luck mate
4496123did I really get just'd twiceReally done this time
REROLL
roll!i dont even have a wallet, i just wanna screw over parasites
Maybe not saying reroll is the secret
live stream the roll brotheri've been just as welllet me guess, link and req
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i won't livestream but i will post results.
and no, GRS and XVG
relax man be at peace
Damn everyone ITT getting 1 off.
Maybe it's a sign, OP.Hurry man I'm losing my bone
I am NOT missing out on .1 btcREROLL
i hope you win OP
Rollin again
reroll
One number off my guy
Good luck my man.
haha shaka brah hahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahahhahaahhaahahahahahahahah
get it16UmJKXowqP8weuKZgpj6bhogUAAyVvvLk
brand new roll
Wait where do you wager you bitcoin?
Is it an online casino?
1ExFu7fRhXnJXiEAaotNhqSjTdV91QR1V1good luck
alright, one more and i'll roll it
reroll
i'm about to go to bed when will we have resultsi'll be pulling for you
We're faggots
Perhaps1B8eZVLzccJGw3EoB5MgvgVJXt5EGrWuMe
4496311I've made a bit of money with crypto but I've also lost some in risky gambles.
I hope we both make it anon
Double dubs, wew lad
I wanna see these rolls you fuck
4496311Wow double dubs, I'm sure your gonna make it man!
PLEASE DON'T LET ME ROT IN THE SHITTING STREETS OP PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, MY PORTFOLIO IS .02 BTC, DON'T ABANDON ME
hahaha you don't get .1btc more, sorry, next dubs
reroll
Rollin, gl
dude fucking give it a rest
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Rollio for the 20th time
BITCONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You got dubs too so just treat yourself
That 0.1btc is my niggas
JUST
PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
dub me up scotty
DO YOUR KEGELS OP 1BfLUnm55dPm94nzYSYVnBZXNMvQDUCS77
Cmon dubz
your dedication is strong anon, alright, once the btc hits we will commence the roll.
Rolling, good luck!1QHmLi9rj3nXyoKr4MC3nkJ9uvP8PZXjN9
END YOUR LIFE RIGHT THIS FUCKING INSTANT YOU STOLE MY DREAMS
dubs only counts if your btc link isnt included in the post15eKezv77UNCpqjmMVUQk6dBSb7MSy66CC
Yes i did it.
Ill post my address
Hopefully crypto Gods let you win
i mean is not isn't.
anyway doesn't matter now becaue I missed out.
RIP ME
roll..
Gud luck op
:'( I JUST'ed myself with NEO, let me dream too
4496411Thanks op.
Hope you win gl0x736C2aA62FC5b22f826DEeb8aC0F734Ec86dF4c1
got it16UmJKXowqP8weuKZgpj6bhogUAAyVvvLk
Umm no you did kek
Newbie here.
What is dubs?
4496411Op did i win.
I could really use that 0.1btc so really hope you win my friend
You'll just have to check these to find out.
Put my money in POWR, I don't need a lambo in a year but anything helps in college Good luck anon (s)
Read the global rules newshit.
You're supposed to lurk this site and not get spoonfed.
Yeah because if you wanted a lambo you would put in on link right?
Thank you OP1MW938o4VDkC9zTwpAqjRscHJ8FizAnUAh
https://youtu.be/lX-iQi5qudUAlright, lucky dubs will be getting the .1btc, we're all gonna make it brah
Rollin'1MW938o4VDkC9zTwpAqjRscHJ8FizAnUAh
Memes aside whats up with link, is it just a meme or does it actually have good mooning possibilities?
had to phone post, but yeah, we did it boiz
Op has already found 3 lucky winners, i never win anything so really got my fingers crossed for op here.
I could use that 0.1btc so much to be honest
I knew you were going to win.
Crypto Gods answered your call
Bro im not getting into that here.
Not the thread for it.
Go find a link thread, their is always normally one going
Rolling again for the lulz
Yes, thanks so much op
4496599god I really should have hid this thread.
I want to kill myself
What is this rolling thing I wanna try
Hey post your btc address.
If I ever moon I'll return the favor.
Congrats
4496462Just so you can find my address easy op0x736C2aA62FC5b22f826DEeb8aC0F734Ec86dF4c1Man you have really made my year for real.
Thank you so much man.you have no idea what this means to me dude
Yeah op im with this guy.
Please give me your address so one day i can hopefully pay you back
Also my address1ExFu7fRhXnJXiEAaotNhqSjTdV91QR1V1
The rolls have been good to me now it's time for me to be good back /biz/
Do this OP we have to return the favor one day
Did OP actually pay out?
Should I kill myself for ignoring this thread instead of rolling?
BTC has been sent out, shut it down
You can send btc to myether yes?
4496675my address is 16i2D36rMpb3M6iQfxmd9rCa5KdqW4ZDQzremember this, the day OP delivered
I've used fortune jack without issue a couple times
I might literally fucking vomit, I was in this thread from the very beginning and made fucking 18 timed rolls and got no dubs.
If one of you gave me .01 BTC it would make my week, thanks1BXtm3hMQJJ234B4MYysugLF4GjmdmvJq1
no, kek never change /biz/
Can I get some too please, I'd be happy even with just 0.0001 BTC.
I just want to have enough for my future :(3QiyyiX3FhtAWHQfz5fXaBXjYUcPhghEkv
Fuck are you serious fuck offf no way
Thanks OPScreenshotted, thanks for scratching my back today
Op did you already send it????
Fuck my life for real
so who's D do i have to S to get some fucking Bitcoin around here.16UmJKXowqP8weuKZgpj6bhogUAAyVvvLk
4496813Ahahahahaha you fuckin goon
Am i late for the gibs?3FX3gsn7eosdwtGa4E1cxu33PZPxSFGsYu
RIP
I'm not sure what you're getting at anon, I just started crypto.
You got a better place to get bitcoin than coinbase?
The fucking weekly cap is so low
someone got the 3rd dubs before you, no worries
Why the fuck cant you send btc to myether.
Fuck me i hate myself right now
Are you sure.
I was sure i got the 3rd dubz man
It's right in the name.
ETHER wallet.
It's not a bitcoin wallet What's the gambling site that OP used?
16i2D36rMpb3M6iQfxmd9rCa5KdqW4ZDQzNice tripsI got it before you my guy, by like 30 seconds
Oh they did.
Fuck that makes me feel abit better to be honest.
Thanks anyways op
Yeah but i thought you could send any token to it.
Glad i know that know and glad i didnt win like i thought i did.
Thank fuck
Thanks bro
Did OP deliver?
Rollerino
Not yet, if he did it'll take a while to show cause of external site shit.
i chose low priority so it will take awhile, but i most assuredly did deliver
I trust you OP, God Speed
give me .01 you fucking jew1ExFu7fRhXnJXiEAaotNhqSjTdV91QR1V1
You da man op.
Fuck i was so close to winning but then losing it all being a fucking retard, for real man I'm so relieved about that, i freaked out when i realised kek
Nigga aint no jew giving you shit.
Be happy for the nigga who won for fuck sakes.
They would be funny af, good on ya Op, this is well deserved
Ok thanks man, you are helping me move to Japan btw.
Night
fuck it roll it nigaaaaaaaa
When did the rules change that OP isn't always a faggot?
Or is that just the /btards.
Fuck yeah broisk.
How old are you and you better not have a fucking gf cause you going to get so much tight Asian pussy living over there dude.
Your going to love it, never been but know people who have and people who have lived there for awhile
It didn't just fresh blood newfags.
Kek, just the /btards.
Fuck been so long since being to that board.
Degenerates
being completely ignorant to crypto currency, it is amazing to me.
4497111Oh, Thanks.
I peruse but it isn't what it used to be.
4496888Im going off with the trips here faggots, i clearly came to late to this.
Only two post and i got duz also but some faggot but in like a few post before me.
But just aswell i guess
I'm 29, was living in South America for the last year and just put my gf on a plane today.
We are opening up the relationship because she is a keeper but we are both realistic about the move.
I've been wanting to do this for a while and now it's finally happening.
Very exciting time for me
What country in South America my guy?
And I've always wanted to visit Japan, but too poor.
Don't worry about the gf, you'll marry some rich Japanese dudes daughter ok, make sure she is an only child aswell nigga, you can do this.
And yes very exciting time my friend, for real good one ya for going something with your life and getting out there and seeing the world.
Living in a different country for a few years is a great life experience and everyone should do it
Save up your shekels like our friend here.
Live poor as fuck and put everything you can away for a year and you will be suprized with yourself, once you travel it's all you'll wanna save your money for
I was living in Chile and just got back to the States after running around Ecuador for a month.
I didn't really care for Chile.
It's expensive and the food absolutely sucks but I made some good Chilean buddies and got to teach bjj so that was a good experience, Ecuador was much more fun imo and much cheaper but I bet if I tried to find work there, the pay would be shit.
Japan is much more in line with the lifestyle I want to lead and the culture and aesthetic I want to be surrounded by, When I was 23, my friend moved to Nagoya to teach English and that planted the seed in my head.
After six years of dreaming, I finally pulled the trigger and am headed there in March.
Wish me luck
Good luck man, glad your dreams are underway.
My dream is to live in South Korea.
Looking into enlisting just to get there and stuff.
I made a lot of wrong decisions in life and now im trying to find the fastest way to start my life.
Seems like the best option at this point.
You don't need our luck brother, look how far you already have came.
You will do fine and don't expect you back for atleast 3 years
nice, enjoy your life
Awesome.
Japan is going to be great for you.
While you're there, give Shinya Aoki and Tatsuya Kawajiri some bjj practice so they cant start winning again lol.
South Korea would be awesome place to live but i hear the wealth gap is crazy.
Pretty sure south korea has the highest suicide rate in the world, don't quote me on that though cause I could be wrong
mfw no qt 3.14 gf to move to japan withYou're living the dream, I'm sure you and you're gf will have a comfy life there.
Best of luck anon.
4496599OP what have you done, this will convince other JUSTed anons to gamble it all and they won't be so lucky
Ah yeah, I know a little about that.
I just love the culture and society.
Passionate about a few things from there too and not so much here for me anymore.
I'd love to go teach there, shame I was an idiot and didnt go to college right after highschool.
Ha ha I actually was a training partner for Kamal Shalorus for his fight against Shinya.
He got subbed quick but it was fun to be part of the action.
Also Tim Kennedy has put his finger in my butt so I also have that notch on my belt
I hope you win.1B46QwnprM1RL4RBk12GwgdJmoH4K1nZAf
i can't convince anyone to do anything anon
Lmao holy shit, congrats.
I live really close to ATT, so i've met or seen a good amount of big names, but I would absolutely love to meet some of my pride faves.
Sakuraba would be the best.
Go roll with him.
rick n block-rolio
I would love to meet him in real life.
He is an absolute legend and a complete goon
Everytime he fights it kills me a little more.
It's like watching your dad get beat up, but god damn do I love him.
For a long time I would watch his Royce match every year on its anniversary.
So glad his last match was a wrestling exhibition so he doesnt get his ear punched off again.
I'm gonna roll for the shit of it.
Either way, hope you win your roll OP.1Gz9rLS4p2tryEi5hbjbCEFoQm87egs4EZ
i already won, but thanks
Congrats dude.
This thread got me very interested in bitcoin.
Gonna educate myself on it and see what I can do with myself.
Did OP deliver?
Yes I delivered, good luck boyos
He delivered to people earlier.
He won his roll, I think its over now, but im not sure if hes still doing it.
tfw get dubs but on the post after your roll.
News report: dubs is 27.
44962274496627That's a lot of dubs.
Checked
Good job op, man of your wordIf you have any more spare, throw it this way.
I lost 50% of my stack, I'm fooked1MisbPaFj3HnL7HzE9xNqGdfjwN3KeD32X
I'll never forget this OP.
One day I'll return the favor
i rolled 1st dubs i didnt get any xfer according to blockchain.info
i sent it from a low priority, check back in like an hour
ok thanks op, if delivered u are instant biz legend
Hey man, as someone literally just getting into this, any resources you'd recommend I look into?
Or should I just google simple guides and go from there?
Live stream on spank
15TL2QfvPxRM5nsxsAkzHDfGsNp7smpXmtroll
dubs
4497544Do these dubs I got after posting my link count op?
Hope the guys I chatted with have a good night.
Good luck again to the guy moving to Japan, live it up for all of us.
You too OP.
Op fucking won i'm proud
no it's over, i aint that rich nigga
Lmao right on.
Well, at least I caught this thread and now im interested.
How did you get into bitcoin?
I am super late to the party.
youre asking for help for someone who just rolled a dice
I'm not asking for advice on how to manage funds.
I am asking how he got into.
I don't know anything about crypto, and he has a decent amount.
What's you btc address OP?
just bought some with savings and went all in on various shit, i'll be choosing my picks more cautiously now
buy it on coinbase and open a bittrex account to play with alts.
Please lurk and do a considerable amount of research before you start betting on these highly volatile coins
Will do, thanks man.
Ah, not viable for me at the moment to take that route.
Just started working again after surgery.
Also there is a lot of bullshit and scams on biz so if you see someone hyping a coin a lot don't be fooled
The fucking ACTIONThe SUSPENSE
15TL2QfvPxRM5nsxsAkzHDfGsNp7smpXmthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFZP8zQ5kzk
it's gonna take up to 24 hours i just found out, rest assured buckos
dubsmy address 14eNcbfP8SZMp6yFV91NXMeu326azRg5AD
Screencap it u nigga
wubba lubba dub DUB3BMEXGTN2x3NoU7fFS6HaX1Cv1HTSH1H1Qwanna lifestream it?
one last autism roll
4496585ah so this thread is dead already?
grats anyway
You're fucking pathetic
17sZtid8AfMh7xc1eHn5oXAR48gFSFYqe1I just really want to be rich
1H886SDwzTm3iFeDweMhNTvY9aPxraxeHufuck he really deliveredhttps://blockexplorer.com/address/1H886SDwzTm3iFeDweMhNTvY9aPxraxeHu
An anonymous image board poster can be said to have obtained “dubs” when the two last digits of his post number (that you will find on the top-right corner above the content) happen to be the same.
The anonymous image board poster is then congratulated by the members of the community.
The congratulations is expressed by the expression “checked”.
gFefXXnq67NN9M6Y8nbvY2AEBSX1rUDD
fag
19LWpBUxaBkMwcBwUrB7vXEMGzd3xM1p8Yrollon rollo rollin
17gFefXXnq67NN9M6Y8nbvY2AEBSX1rUDDRoll
1NDCVoZsVgDkVKQfXo1ifZ9y6wZ9Z4cb88rollin'
DUBZ1KDeAAi5AV12EUoVDzdspM2fchGoyZfgqS
18xt6S8WiRuzTU3yGvzQM81EJ7hKdDFMucmon OP
me too thanks1M3tuwr1XBmsnBMM4M6Dywoq2HfpcwWboJ
1CGQ8kVKxQ7ApzswEHrEVUBhwpuafQoD3S
Check em
help an almost nocoiner1BRfXVtCdGkkYJyjDLWAE6MfmujzV2oS2n
1BaBhgS55Pe7HsZQQfYLPq9nqMN1dD2hvK
roll this weird dice19ksSrCTpxdjmtQE6oTnkJnqSqZyJUJDbJ
146sKHQkGijTTGTZsCEQbpgBwamQQUYUSa
pls gib btc1BNvWZwHXhRE1Lg4cchZNjPpsM4K1UB8NQ