Bitcoin death celebration thread.
FUCK THIS CANCER, I HOPE IT DROPS ALL THE WAY TO ZEROF
Not to mention that they have no way to scale now kek.
>Buy $10 worth of Bitcoin like a future normie>Try transferring the Bitcoin>WTF?
almost $0 left
Thank fucking godRot in piecesS
buy 5$ worth of bitcoin>try transferring it from coinbase>you are now in debt to coinbase
If Bitcoin dies, so does crypto.
Careful what you wish for.
exactlyOP is a fuckin moron
Yeah bitcoin will bring more money into alts
What?
NoYou would just be able to purchase a different coin with USD instead
Why would it drop anywhere near zero?
It surely will recover from this in little time.
I take the fork cancellation as good news, as it was such a contentious thing.
Le programmable money shill appears.
Bro, it's all linked to bitcoing.
Hell, with some exchanges you need bitcoin to buy shit coin
yeah.
fuck bitcoin.
it's not even a good enough coin.. it's no longer the center of crypto.>currency of the futuremy fucking ass
4252944Both BCH and ETH could easily take over in a flippening.
Normies would be scared for a bit but actually useful stuff that depends on eth/neo/qtum/metaverse type of blockchains are going to be deployed for real world usage throughout 2018, making the value in crypto obvious.You think like all there is to crypto is currencies (bubbles by definition) and not actual value generation.
This is false.BTC will die.
LTC will die.
VTC will die.
The vast majority of coins that aren't backed by a utility will eventually die, especially proof of work coins and more especially asic friendly coins.
still above 7k
You don't.
All the big exchanges all have pairs with ethereum, and the pairings are actively being used for trade.
BitCoin is the best long-term HODL.
Anyone shitting on it must be a poor retard who can't afford one.
So was real estate before the 2008 financial crisis.Basing your idea of what is solid based just on what the current public perception is is a very dangerous thing.
Pleasssse drop I feel like a dumbass not buying in at 5k
FUCK BTC.
not for long lol
Apples and oranges
You dont feel like as big as a dumbass as me, I bought at 7800
ready for round 2?
Yes because real estate is actually useful so there's a bottom floor.When ETH goes proof of stake, the flippening will happen.
That is the latest point it will happen.
Bitcoin drop just means people who pulled out of alts to prepare their bodies for double-cash-back are bailing their alt money back into alts.
Bitcoin's not dying, it's just being restored to its true value, sans speculative segwit bullshit.
hahah thats to funny....coinbase should make this known
When will it tho?
Unknown.
The tea leaves in vitaliks cup say likely first half of 2018.
This.
Fuck you OP
I put my life savings in at 7850, all time high.What the fuck is happening??
Yes it was, and still is , fool.
Cuckshed in Vancouver costs 5 mil.
2008 was a dip