NINE FUCKING DAY wait for Coinbase?
Why are exchanges so fucking shitty.
Seriously?
In 9 days who knows where the coins I want to buy now will be at.
Really annoying.
Please tell me wallet to wallet transfer is only a few minutes or something.
Dude I missed out on $5500 BTC because of that bullshit.
When normies find out how hard it is to buy this shit it's over.
Lol u madBecause of waiting a week and a half on coinbase transfer I was able to sit and watch as both a btc dip and ark dip go by.
Feels bad man
well how long do I have to wait once I buy my btc?
is that process instant if I'm only buying like .08 btc?
and how long will it take to transfer that btc to a wallet on an exchange?
this whole process seems to underdeveloped and shitty.
I assume that why theres still so much opportunity to make money but still.
this is fucking retarded
You will have to wait like a week after buying the btc before they let you withdraw it to your own wallet.
Yea Bancor is going to wreck these slow and shady centralized exchanges.
Only a matter of time
4489918what are you, like 16?
get the fuck out of here.
no one cares about your .08btc and there's nothing you can do about it, so just chill.
it's funny because you don't even have the patience for this, there's no way you'll be able to hold crypto.
you'll lose it with in a month if your shitcoin doesn't "moon" right away, or god forbid, it drops right after you buy it
Buying BTC is instant.
It takes days to transfer money to your account and wait for it to clear.
Maybe if banks used block chains and not their shitty old school tech it would be different.CoinBase said they are rolling out instant bank transfers soon.
I don't understand how they will be able to avoid fraud, but they are doing it.
They said they would email you when your account is ready.
The delay has everything to do with your bank, not w/ Coinbase or the exchanges.FUD your banker, NOT the blockchain dummy
You'll have to pay a $10 transaction fee for every wallet transfer and wait at least 4 hours.
You aren't waiting to withdraw your coin.
You are waiting for CoinBase to confirm that the money arrived.
If you put your money in advance, and it's been confirmed by CoinBase, all your purchases are instant.Also, they are rolling out instant bank transfers next year, so all of this won't matter then.
I bought $1k at 7k and watched it drop to 5.5k over the time period, huge panick period
Buy ETH instead and experience neither of those things
wow sounds like fun.
so basically to do any sort of actual trading you have to have btc totally ready in the exact exchange that carries the coin you want to trade.
buy ltc, send to exchange, sell for btc, like butter
..how else did you think it would work?
Inserting monopoly money into your disk drive while having bittrex open?
I've never waited more than 24 hours for money to arrive on Coinbase from my bank - what shit tier Pajeet banks are people using on /biz/ that these moaning threads are a regular occurance?
Im a poor as fuck college student with like 2k in the bank (I use poopoo-tier PNC bank).
I picked up a random 35 dollar fee from coinbase that appeared after my first buy.
My bank says it wasnt them.
Coinbase has no answers on hand and shitty service.
Im going back to the bank today to get a scan of the fee indicators to email to coinbase.
Anyone else get raped for a first time transaction $35?
The buy was 50 dollars worth of BTC.
Thanks.
-Ja
If you have a Huntington Bank near you.
Switch ASAP.
PNC is shit tier as well as Chase, BoA, and Wells
link to that story?
that would be really cool.
yeah and that adds another step for those fucking bitches to slice off another percentage of my money
what makes Huntington so good?
I thought chase was good as well.
Next time use GDAX instead.
It is connected with Coinbase, but you don't have the high fees there.
hour overdraft grace period, no fees, no minimum balance, Ive had no problems with them
Use a debit or credit card.
Instant transaction, when will people learn
lol you're complaining about the fiat money system you retard.
yeah and the fee is fucking atrocious for poor college students like me who are investing 650 USD.
If I was investing like 10k then yeah I probably would use a card.
If the fees are hurting you, then you shouldn't be investing.
help a newfag out, if i buy on localbitcoins, from which it will go to my wallet on coinbase, from there to a market to buy some shitcoin and then to myetherwallet, the total fee should be low and it all should be pretty fast, right?
respong