>that'll be $20 sir>plus tip>plus $8 transaction feeWhat do you do?
Use bitcoin ca- I mean litecoin
pay in Confido
Can I pay in LINK and POWR?LMAO
thatll be 900,000 cfd pls
No but your transaction will use my link
Pay in IOTA so there's no transaction fee.
paying tipseverytime i go to the US this shit bugs the fuck out of me.
you're expected to tip every single time.
it's basically offensive not to tip.
fuck off, get a real fucking job.once a barista got mad i didn't tip me.
what the fuck?
dude was in the counter and expected a tip?
get fucked.
stand there for four hours and stare at each other waiting for all the confirmations to completeThis is the "future of money"
i hate baristas honestlywow you poured me a drink marked up 10x that i can easily make myself and you did so in an unfriendly manner, and i had to yell to get your attention
/thread
Right?!
Just pay your fucking workers more.
It should not be the customers responsiblity to pay the workers.
you, clearly, do not understand business
the sender pays the gas you idiotalso litecoin would be better for such scenario
Basically just described uber eats/door dash/grub hub/ etc.
You get what he means faggot.
exactly.
whenever i'm over at the US, which is usually once a year, i make a point to only tip whenever i found the service to be excellent.thankfully, the service is usually pretty good most of the times.
i don't tip baristas though.
what the fuck?wew
i do, which is why i said what i said.
why would a business pay an employee more when they don't have to?
are you a retard or just a kid?
businesses don't pay people to be nice.
they pay them because what they're gaining from covering the cost of the employee makes the business a profit.
the second that stops, the employee is replaced.
Oh you're actually just a retard, alright.
In the states they pay them below minimum wage because tips are expected to give them a livable wage.
Off the nearest bridge you go.
yfw fees are lower in bitcoin than they are in Bcash
their employer is legally required to compensate them up to min wage if they don't meet min wage with tipsNEXT
minimum wagebeing the same as>livable wagewew
 In the states they pay them below minimum wage becausestop moving the goalposts nigger
Best pizza deal that is always available is the 3 topping large pizza for 8 bucks at Domino's (carryout only).I swear that's actually a secret project by Domino's to encourage NEETs to leave the house for a bit
and yet people continue to work at those places and people still buy at those places.
so, again, what is the incentive for a business owner to change this?
In the states they pay them below minimum wage because tips are expected to give them a livable wageNo goalposts moved whatever I'm out not arguing semantics with a bunch of spergs
if you cannot find work that supports your lifestyle, you're doing it wrong.
go be a communist somewhere else
Pay in satoshi vision
chain pizzaFucking disgusting pleb
The problem isn't everyone else, it's you.
That's pretty dank in the UK you can get 2 a topping Medium for £5.99 collection onlyVery comfy deal normies don't know about
using btc to buy anything at sub $500k
Man if this Quadroon had like 5% more white genes she'd be hot AF.
Hur dur hmmm de customers complain they tip.
Mmm... Durrrrr... Pay employee more?
Turrr durrr hurrr...
Yes.
Hur I lose money dho.
Derp durrrr urrrrr.
Mmm...RAISE PRICES ON CUSTOMER!?!?!?!
?Yes, that way it doesn't effect my profits?Hurrrrr dis a gud idea.
Hurrrrrr durrrrrrrr rrrrrreeeeeee derp.
Mmm...
Yes raise prices of food on customer.
Hurrrrrrr durrrrpI bet you want minimum wage to go up too.HahahaahahaahahahahaahhAhahahahahaahhhahahahahLibtard.
Durrrrrrrrr
yikes

your business model is dying and will be the first to evaporate in a real recession
 implying big businesses like McDonald's don't incorporate the same to please shareholders.Imagine at a board meeting you tell your shareholders that their profits are down cause MUH EMPLOYEE WAGES.Now imagine you're at a board meeting informing shareholders that profits are up and in order to combat the raising wages MUH KIOSK N ROBOTS.Minimum wage should be abolished and you're a pleb if you believe otherwise.
your entire life revolves around the perverse incentives of shareholders around the world>if you don't become a cog in the machine you are a part of the problem>get cynical or get outnice just refused to tip LOL
should've used lightning networkbitcoin > anal
Hur dur what is corporate America?GTFO you Communist.
Offer to suck his cock.
When the markets finally break free from the bond market rigging and media monopoly that shills the FED's bags this will be cheap.
At $50 for a large pizza the discount for buying using crypto will be comfy.Supposedly there are traders here.
I doubt that some days as these stupid threads show up with the assumption the dollar's purchasing power is constant.
you could charge more for your food if nobody had to pay tips, the profit would still be the same
dont forget the driver/car fee
That the driver never gets!!!!!
Ahahaha
Lightning Network is coming for bitcoin too.
would anyone work at a job for $2.50/hr and no tips?
in the US?
I'll pay you in Litecoin, disregard that silly fee.
they wouldn't, hence the demand for workers would make the wage go up.
everything works, in theory.
in practice is a different story; the fact is the current system won't change because it doesn't have to until they switch to automation
show him r/bitcoin so he can understand how we need small blocks and a fee market so Africans can run nodes even when they have no incentive to and explain to him how Satoshis vision was actually not P2P digital cash at all but instead an expensive settlement layer where private companies that have a monopoly on development earn all the transaction fees through sidechains instead of the miners.
Finally I convince him to buy in, because btc can only go up forever.
He will be so grateful, the pizza is free.bubble confirmed
satoshi invented state channels to address scalinghe was also against increasing blocksize if it would cause network splitthere's a ton of work scaling bitcoin that's not dumb like what eth or bch do.https://medium.com/@nextlevelcrypto/whats-the-story-with-smart-contracts-and-ethereum-c0d771fd9eb9
in practice, it works fine.
you can look at 95% of countries in the world as reference.
just consider hypothetically that tipping was banned like in China, the wage would simply go up and get rid of the stupid "you dont have to but you SHOULD!!!!!!
tip no matter what doesnt matter if the waiter was actually shit" social rule.
4473408Wouldn't paying employees more but getting rid of tipping give the company more cashflow?
Isn't that a good thing since it gives them more liquidity - more money that can be invested back into bussiness?The price to the customer stays the same - so there's no competitive disadvantage.>Whether this is feasible is another matter