I'm done with the drama, going all in on link and waiting as long as I need to
What yacht you gonna get?
i know right.
the LINK /comfy gains/ way is the way to be.
link is shit-token.
it's pretty comfy
its not even coin.its worthless crap.
$100 by 2019 bros we /comfygains/ here
Good move anon.
You'll be broke before you know it.
4478654samefag responding to himselftopkek
you just swallowed the linkpillmany if not most of us will be going that routetheres no choice reallylink is the last of its kind


COME ON FAGS FILL MY ORDER
You are a shit-human
samefag responding to himselfnope.
I find this hard to believe.
I have link myself and do see it going anywhere to be honest.
Fucking shitcoin.
Almost thinking about selling up and putting it all into ark.
More promising then this shit coin
you do realize there's IDs on this board... right?
Just kys delusional linkie.
Its going straight down to 1 cent.
And to 1 sat after.
We will either become the new financial elite together or we're all living in cardboard boxes.
Not hard to use your phone data and your home data.
Different ips, different ids
Im sure many of us will if that happens
Okay you got me.
Hold your crappy eth tokens to the end of time.
Its not getting back to ath ever again
IDGAF get rich or die trying, it's just play money anywaywhat do you mean?
he literally responded to himself with the same ID
I pumped the price a bit while buying :P fucking bots hahahah
Samefagging is pajeet-tier behavior.
KYS.
Why would Link be worth anything?
I am getting nervous about if I should buy or not...I thought the Dev holds like 350 mill why would we make money on something they have?
Doesn't it take 0 link to have an oracle?
Im a poorfag and your telling me if I put only buy 1000 link tokens and sit on them till 2020 ill make 1 million dollars, fuck off.
Like our mothers once told us, if it's soinds too good to be true, then it's normally bs
DYOR dudeI'm just gonna helo you a tiny bit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhYalso check the charts, guess which coin is not crashing?
we're just not that interested in teaching anymore.
frankly, ya'll just got to figure it out on your own.
think of it like the Bhudda coming to enlightenment.
well LINK is the crypto enlightenment.
some day, I hope you can join us in lambo land, dude.
who said you could make a million out of 1k link?that would be 1k per coin, hard to see that by 2020 (or ever, unless you know, inflation)
Im nervous too faggot, I know what 4chan is like and I'm sure this is a inside joke to fuck any newfags that comes to the board, i should know better but /biz/ has me around their little finger not knowing what to believe anymore to be honest.
I'm so close to going to reddit guys, how fucked up is that.
I want more chainlink but I'm also liking stratis and komodo at the moment.
Tough decisions tonight.
C# is used by many developers.
Could lead to Stratis being "a thing" and a new wave of devolepers.
Thoughts?
he thinks 1000 * 100 is a million of course.
these LINK FUDers, man.
Your mom sounds trashy that's not how the saying usually goes
My bad bro.
I meant 10000 link tokens
Like our mothers once told usThink for yourself, don't just listen to what your dumb birther told you, and don't mention roasties like that in arguments.
It sounds very beta.
Nothing against critical thinking/common sense, it's just disgusting to see this shit in writing or spoken out loud.
Can you actually create smart contracts for Eth and hyperledger on smart contracts.com or do you have to do that elsewhere and then go to smart contracts.com to add the oracle's.
Seems it would be alot better if it was a one stop shop type thing
don't, if you feel insecure it's as easy as DYOR, if you don't understand what you're reading/hearing/watching you're too dumb/un-informed to invest and shouldn't be doing it lurk moar
No offence taken bro.
She ain't trashy, just a crazy fire breathing lady
4478931Not helping.
I am gonna let you know I do own LINK.
I bought some more after cashing out of POWER.
I keep buying LINK but I just don't get why it is still so low.
Been busy on POL with #followthewhiterabbit so I havn't been keeping up.
Just wanted to know if anything new came out.
Guess now.
Lol if you're this new, fuck off and don't buy
guess not*
You fuck wit, our mothers are not roasties .
Don't know about yours but not mine, she can be a bitch but my mother ain't no roastie you nigga
for everyone information on this thread, I'm already up on that movehope I'll still be up tomorrow morning :)and thanks to all the kind anons that supported me on my impulsive action :P
I would expect a more dignified and intelligent persona out of you, if that's true.
You sound braindead from your posts.
Holding link is like living in a filthy mud hut in the middle of the woods.
You're living in squalor, but you don't have to worry about anything.
It's nice.
I am new to /biz/, fucker I'm not day trading or looking to be a millionair.
I'm here looking for the right coin I can throw a 1k on and sit on for a couple of years then take out some nice savings, that's all.
I'm not a greedy fag.
I'm so close to going to reddit guys, how fucked up is that.You'll find the same pajeets shilling there as you'll find here and anything else, take everything with a pinch of salt and make those decisions yourselfIf you're too unsure to buy, either don't or put it in whatever coins you think will retain/increase in value and hodl, don't even look at them for atleast a month after
4478654Link fudders are this fucking stupid.
For real I would be happy if my 1k turned into 10k in like two years, thats pretty good money and better then it sitting in the bank
you know what you have to do then, newfriendwatch the video I posted, if you understand what he's talking about you might have found your coindunno why I'm helping you, might be because the market looks like pic related and Link is stable/green
Thanks bro for the advice, that's what I need to do to be honest, sick of being shilled shit and biting like a retarded faggot
i will make thread when it will crash under 5 cents.
Thank you, i shall check it out.
And your helping me because you wanna see a fellow faggot be successful one day and piss down on all the normies when we got all the cash
I just wanna help my family and buy a nice house, but yeah whateverlet's just hope it turns out ok for us :)
yo anybody know if can store ChainLink in this ledger nano s?
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
what a fucking moron.
Literally neck yourself
buying Link
4478654Kek i might piss myself
what's the deal with this image?
they do (or aim to do) completely different thingsat first I thought it meant people stopped molesting the arkies and moved to linkies, but now I don't understand what's it all aboutI get it's a bag, and that it's replacing gold, but comparing ARK and LINK is completely idioticstill on the green btw
if this isn't a pasta yet, it should be.
almost worthy of the ark one
He's dropping his Link bags to take Ark
#27 wallet here.The lack of news is eating away on me but i imagine within 10 months we conservatively see 1 billion market cap.
After the main network launch you'll be seeing people trip over each other trying to get in.
hopefully it'll be on bittrex or poloniex by then, I don't want to use Binance.
I don't want to use BinanceWhy not?
Ave Sergey
Daily reminder that if you bought for more than $0.30 you won't make it
Don't have an enhanced account with all the privileges.
How much can you draw out in 24 hrs on binance?
So you're all in?
I'm at 558k LINK at the moment, but if I sold off the $45k I have in DICE, I could get up to around 850k LINK.
Going all in on anything is a bit nervewracking, but I've done so much research on LINK at this point, I feel it's a safe a bet as any.
Might have just have to wait 6-12 months for big returns.
You really think the whales and biz would get this hyped for x5 gains?
LMAO LINK is my time-bomb for all the h8ters and b8bes in my life.
Just a matter of time before my bet pays off.
dude you are gonna be so rich if not LARPing
This thread makes me deeply concerned that a lot of retarded yet lucky people are going to get fucking rich and fuck up society around them because of it.
Why are you so obsessed no coiner?Oh yeah>rent free
this guy  is going to be able to buy a small african country
won't even be that small
Etheroll is not a bad bet...as long as it can stay relevant.
You probably won't see LINK move until mainnet launch.LINK is probably better compared to nerdy shit like LISK but with the meme power of coins like ANT/ARK/OMG.
Also has the first mover being the only decentralised oracle network, like ETH was for smart contracts, and Bitcoin for currency.
The potential use case of LINK pretty much dwarfs most other things in crypto and improves upon the use cases of practically everything.
This is something that can go 100x if Sergey doesn't suffer a heart attack before he can achieve the dream.I think most of us just want to not wagecuck and be free.
The most insane thing you'll see is a few buying exotic cars and others nutting down the throat of whores.
I'm gonna buy this just so fucking LINKIES don't get to tell me>i told you soin the off chance that this moons
Me a month ago.
You talk exactly like a pajeet.
BTC
Don't fret over the lack of news; Link was far advanced at ICO but there's a shitton of development yet to be done (which is why they needed the funding in the first place).Not just development on the main net, but also shit like SGX etc.
Wise decision anon
447865444787984479217
Awesome
Baller Pepe how much LINK do you hold?
I just don't get why it is still so lowIt has to do with a relative silence on the part of the team (although this is only considered """off""" in the world of crypto) and a stupid marketplace since early September.There's a holy trinity of elements to consider when evaluating a project: use case, fundamentals, and exposure.
And Chainlink aces them all.And right now Chainlink investeurs are the early Christians living underground fleeing persecution from the Romans, but pretty soon Rome itself will make us the official religion of the empire.
And right now Chainlink investeurs are the early Christians living underground fleeing persecution from the Romans, but pretty soon Rome itself will make us the official religion of the empire.top kek, why isnt this a thing?
lets make this a thing in biz
I'm meme-ing as we speak, hold on a minute.
If LINK ever hits $5 I will film myself eating dogshitScreencap thisIt simply will not ever
just use etherdelta, I don't understand why people have such an aversion to it
LINK FUDders are this pathetic
How do you do fellow LINK holders>LINK is complete garbage AM I RIGHT?
?>We should all sell it now before it inevitably crashes because we all made a STUPID investmentLINK fudders like you make me sick
I hope you will deliver.
Please don't fucking say that please.
It's shit like this that makes me worried about my investment, cunt you better be eating that dog shit if it does, I'll be come here looking for you in about 9 months ok
people saying random things on /biz/ make me worried about my investment

http://youtu.be/x1R7wFK9SwE

That's the thing you fags don't realize, your link tokens are worthless, even IF, and that's a big IF, the cahinlink oracle is adopted, there's no use for the tokens, it's all going to be fiat, btc, eth or whatever crypto is dominant at the time, but it won't be link.
You are just being patreon cock gobblers at the moment, can't wait till you also realize this.
Warren buffet told you to be causeous when others are greedy, and greedy when others are scared, but he never told you to throw your money away

Also>causeousThe absolute STATE of noLINKers
This is your reason?
Confirmed for being completely, indescribably clueless.>I was listening to the competition, a lot of times I was looking at stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any other smart contract, they all seem to be doing exactly the same thing.
So what on earth was new about chainlink?>I was listening to the competition [with chainlink]>stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any other smart contract>they all seem to be doing exactly the same thing.>stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any smart contract.>they all seem to be doing exactly the same thingThe stuff about MasterCard was nonsense, like a child making things up.
Kill yourself.
cautious, sorry, point still stands.
You dont know much coding do you?
I suspect link is going to be what the data is packaged into in the Oracle nodes.
You have to pack the data in, you need a header and a clear limit of where the data itself begins and where it ends, link is this package as well as all those other things nocoders usually write about it.
Anyway, the price has tanked over the last few weeks, but /biz/ is finally heeding Buffett's advice and buying lowJust watch the first 2 minutes of this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhYDon't you understand how big this will be if they pull this off?
How broad-ranging the use cases will be?
So?
it has nothing to do with the price of link, link can be worthless and still utilized in the way you describe
again, it's a big IF.hard pass
again, it's a big IF.That's the risk.
But it can only go to $0.00 and if so, I can live with that.
What I couldn't live with is seeing this thing go 100x or 1000x (which it will if they pull this off) and not being a part of it.Anyway, I don't know the ins and outs of it but word is they're pretty close.
But even if it doesn't work out, the hype alone is likely to drive the price up right until they admit defeat.
Most coins in the top 100 don't even have a working product yet, nor do they have a product as unique and valuable as chainlink
Oralce nodes then need LINK to package and send it?People that set up nodes will see the most profit from holding LINK.
It will go through link, and node operators will stake with link (not PoS, before you ask).
It has so much better chance than whatever fucking rubbish you're holding.
What recognition do your bags have other than teeka and crypto twitter?
CL is recognized in industry and is well on track to adoption.
Pull your fucking head out of your ass and stop knee-jerk rejecting it.
Fucking moron.
You guys trying to sell your bags or what?
Too much shilling
doesn't LINK have like 2 devs?
or was that fudSeems a bit low compared to most shitcoins
If LINK is worthless, nobody will run oracles for free.
Link NEEDS to have value, otherwise the entire chainlink system doesn’t work.
4482029
hahahahahahaahahaha i fucking love LINK memes
Some of the biggest companies ever started with 2-man teams; like Apple and Google.Retard.
People like you are the reason link will succeed.
Meme magic is real and link has the most powerful meme magic of any crypto right now.
Oh boy, do I god fucking hate loser mentalities like yourself.
Your words reek of fear, being a pathetic virgin and always staying a poor loser.
You'd probably never talk to a girl, because WHAT IF she doesn't like you.
4478931Pretty much this.
So many uneducated losers and ADHD millennials without clue.
However, teaeching time is just over.
Nobody cares anymore.
Who still doesn't get it must be completely braindead, retarded or just a underage moron (which would be most understandable of all cases).
Being too young to fully grasp and comprehend the dimension and signs we are talking about is okay.
Anybody else has no excuse literally.
Nobody gives a rats ass anymore about toilet meme quality tier FUD.
If you don't fucking buy, stay away and FOMO in when it breaks through 1$-2$.
Buy ATH and cry about the first correction.
I don't even WANT you to buy Chainlink anymore because you just don't deserve any money.
I also don't want you to sit next to me on the Caribbean Islands when 10/10 blondes suck my dick.
I want you to stay poor because you are braindead, poorly FUDing imbeciles that have no place in a world of wealth, because that is what investment is about: Analyze and take a risk to multiply your money.
No place for fearful dimwits.
Decentralism
Every fucking project in crypto has significant "IF".
What are your infallible investments?
If you even think there's chance of high success then there is non-zero, favorable expected return and reason to at least diversify into it.
Stop being so obstinate in thinking you know better than industry players and technical anons on this board.
You will only fuck yourself
And that is why it has failed
lol, projecting much?
I've been in crypto for a while now, and im doing very well, so i don't need to invest in shitcoins to make it
Made a rather personal alteration ;__;
bitcoin failed when it dropped from 10 cents to 2 cents
y'all ignorant, IGNORANT I TELLS YA!!
!>link will moon, right?>i didn't waste all my money, right?
RIGHT?
Faggot, if LINK was a joke it would already have been JOOSTED by Pajeet a month ago when it was being PnD.May the flushes of a thousand toilets saturate your sphincter.
ok
completely unrelated to price, does anyone have ETAs on when several of the development milestones could be completed?
Should i bother going all in with 500 bucks into Link?
Well, you just have to look at the names and industries that are interested, to put it non-hype.
If you have fucking demonstrations at SWIFT you have to be at least non-scammy, so that is out of the picture.
The overall success in the end is determined by time and some unknown factors like what companies are really deciding to implement it in the end and use the working product.
Chances are good but nothing is guaranteed of course.
But I rather take my chances on this than any other shitcoins in the top100.
There is only like a handful of coins that actually have similar chances of mooning extremely hard in the coming months.
All in>$500You'd be better off buying a bag of coke & putting the rest on a horse if ya want a quick buck.
LINK will probably sit at this price for a while so you might wanna leave your $500 in Ethereum for a month or 2 than convert it to LINK so you get more tokens for your $500
%.I see no other value in any of the token/shitcoins being shilled here or there.I'm a blue collar boy who's been threatened with "Automation" by the bosses.
Well guess what now motherfuckers?
I'm banking on "Automation", just not mine.Praise Sergey & decentralized oracles
decent buy around $0.02 USD
what are your other picks?
love it
Riddle me this, faggoIs chain link mentioned on any of their websites?
Turn Aroundhttp://www.bankingtech.com/files/2016/09/Innotribe-Industry-Challenge-Sibos-2016.jpg
Sergey is the real deal and he has real scientists and business people involved in chainlink.
If anyone is going to make it it will be him.
I'm sure he's already quite wealthy from crpyto but this is what's going to push him to mark zuckerberg levels of wealth.
One day we'll watch a biopic of him and it's going to be awesome.
They may very well include 4chan autists who posted memes about him too.
Psst, I'll let you in on a secret.The point is to invest BEFORE Link is mentioned on their website.
That's how, you know, you can actually make money.
Fuck off and don't buy it if you've been too stupid to get this information/argument after it was discussed 100 times so far in the last weeks.
Teaching time is over.
I swear, your idiotic FUD attempts get sadder by the minute as they only repeat themselves like braindead monkeys running in circles and drooling all over themselves.I also have iExec, but I am not so sure about this at the moment.
The team and project is as good as it gets, but maybe it won't move anywhere for another 6 months.
Team is not even trying to create the slightest hype.
I just hate this understatement style.Despite all the FUD I think ARK to be good as well, but overpriced now.
I bought it at 0.20$ in May.
PIVX is ALWAYS solid.
Can't get more legit and solid as this, but it is also a very slow mover.
Would it be better to buy chainlink now or hold btc/eth and buy it around january?
Is Sergey a jew?
In that one video he definitely looks like he's wearing a kippa.
Also Ari Juels is definitely jewish and is a legit expert who wouldn't put his name on something that wasn't rock hard.
He's with Israels best university and Cornell so he knows his s***.
This will be the project that makes him fabulously wealthy and having the chosen people on our side makes me feel even better about this project.
These criticisms are dog shit.Tell me about your bags and by whom they've been mentioned.
No wait, just the slightest contact is enough, any demos or co-operations.Are you too dumb to address effort replies to you?
Nothing you say makes sense.
Kill yourself if these are troll posts
That is the question everybody is trying to get an answer too.
If you wanna be on the safe side: Buy now at these very cheap levels as everybody is FOMOing into BTC pumps.
If you feel like gambling and want to maximize, try to time the market before the pump and hold BTC until then.
But I think this is very hard to do and unrealistic, as it takes only like 3 minutes to explode with all the attention and everybody just waiting for confirmations of deeper partnerships.
So if you take a dump you can already miss the rocket.
You sleep 2 hours, you can miss the rocket.
You leave your house for the groceries, you miss the rocket.
We already saw this after segwit2x canceling and there was not even news.
Exactly, even if it never takes off eventually it WILL have a big pump the second we get some sort of news where you can at least double your money, and far greater rewards for long-term holders.
10+% smarter than goyim>Connected to banks>Decentralized>Hides in shadows>Beard>Does not eat OystersSergey & Rory confirmed next Google

Cashing out of powrYou're mad lad
going all in on link and waiting as long as I need toGonna be a very long wait, OP
someone selling high, it's crazy, isn't it?
THE ONLY QUESTION IS HOW HIGH CAN THIS BAD BOY GO?
WE ALL KNOW IT WILL HIT AT LEAST $1 IN THE NEXT MONTHS.
IS THE SKY REALLY THE LIMIT HERE?
The absolute delusion of linkies
>I'm done with all this drama so i'm just going to throw my money awayDude, give it to charity instead or something good.
44838524483913That's what i thought, try and get out before you kys
We already saw this after segwit2x canceling and there was not even news.Fucking this.
Whales new segwit2x was cancelled weeks before we did and corrected the market in minutes.
The same thing will happen when whales find out days/weeks in advance that link parterships are g2g and nolinks will be left out and fomoing without even knowing why.
Nothing more cringeworthy than degenerate millennial inbreds persistently trying to "FUD" or "trolling" even though nobody even took them serious in the first place.
This is just sad, even for 4chan-standards.
Why would a back-end solution that is still under development be featured on any website?Swift is used by 11k banks, but you'll only know when you actually make a certain type of bank transfer.
Well, whales are not even that much contributing to the price.
They just hold and keep supply somewhat lower if they don't dump.
The average investor has more effect than many might possibly think.
Because 1000 average investors buying only 10-20k LINKS are also already 10-20m Links.
I'm not even in it for the whores man.
That's just a plus side of whether or not I get lucky.
I'm just in it to give me and my shitty parents the life we've never had.
The things we've always needed but never had access to.
If LINK takes off, and ETH moons hard, I can finally buy a house, own land outright, go back to college and finish my degree in engineering without drowning myself in student debt, work on my music projects on my own time, and be there for my closest friends and family financially when they would potentially need it most.
It's all I wanna do man is help the people around me lead rich and fulfilling lives like myself.
Life is too short to not try and get rich before it's over.
1000 average investors buying only 10-20k LINKSLol that's not how crypto works.
How long you been in the game if you don't mind me asking?
Why should i listen to /biz/ about Link.
Every 3 months /biz/ has a new baby darling coin after their previous coin failed.