So you cucks think BTC is so great and BCH is a complete shitcoin.
FUCKING PROVE IT.
Right here right now.
I wanna see your logic on how BTC is better NO FUCKING GAMES JUST FUCKING PROVE IT.easy as that blockstream fags
Waaaaaaa
Because it excludes latecomers by being too expensive for them.How are your bags?
no one can proof it, die thread
BTC doesn't create crying bagholders
All the proof anyone needs right here
of course bch is better, but that doesnt mean it will take over its place.
so BTC is great because it excludes latecomers?
you do realize the only reason BCH is so cheap is because r/bitcoin brainwashed all you faggots to not keep the airdropped BCH and played it off as a regular alt when in fact it is a hard fork from bitcoin, and exact copy fixing the congestion problem.
You will soon be crying holding bags when nobody wants to use your shit coin even more when the fees keep becoming higher.
5 dollars to send money is already too high pussy
Both are shit, why should one changed line of code matter?
If you want to talk technical superiority there are tons of alts that are better
There are a million alt coins that are better than BTC.It's just BTC is technically apple at this point.
It's the mainstream for any newbies getting into crypto.
eat my ass cuckboi
does a hard fork not entail the new hard forked coin to have a different protocol to fix a problem?
and whoever succeds in fixing the problem best they live on and the other chain dies?
the problem is congestion BCH fixes the problem and Bitcoin legacy will die because blockstream lets it die.
they arnt even going to go through a 2mb uprgrade soooo yes BCH will come out on top
I sold mine at .3I'll buy back at the bottom.
Both are ass.
This is just a world of speculators.NO ONE LOOK FOR FUNDAMENTALS, i.e.
transaction efficiency/cost, scalability and usability (lol).
4341673Can we get one thing straight I don't want to have to keep repreating this.BITCOIN CASH IS NOT A ALT COIN.
IT IS A HARD FORKED COIN WHICH = THE EXACT SAME COIN BUT A LINE OF CODE CHANGED TO FIX THE CONGESTION PROBLEM SO WE HAVE NO HIGH FEES AND UNCONFIRMED TRANSACIONS OR 2 HOUR WAIT TIMES.
it really is simple lol BCH is no regular alt coin its fucking forked
so youre telling me a can buy "btc" for $1000 again.
wow youre deluded
were talking about how BTC is better then BCH stop wasting my time talking to your stupid ass if you don't have any proof.
Or even a argument lmao your a joke
Exactly it’s digital gold no one gives a shit it is a store of value first with currency potential.
Just like how you wouldn’t go to pay for shopping with bars of gold because it would be impractical but those bars of gold do have a direct cash value.
/thread
Bitcoin will make me money.
Cash won't.
yes I guess, It is only because blockstream brainwashed so many tards and nobody knows what a hardfork is cause you're all retarded.
They got everyone to believe the BCH BCASH just a stupid alt FREE MONEY and all u stupid sheep sold without knowing what your doing.
how am I deluded.
Don't make claims with no proof or evidence
I wanna see your logic on how BTC is betterIt's not about BTC being better, it's about BCH not really solving anything that other shitcoins don't already solve.
There is no real purpose to BCH.
Except it isn't digital gold retard.
In the whitepaper itself it is called a electronic peer to peer payment system.
Do you want me to sound it out?
It doesn't say Bitcoin is a Store of value for the crypto market LMAOOO you are funny.
so you fell for the digital gold meme lol
BTC and BCH both exclude latecomers, have numerous technical issues, and don't appropriately address the transaction scaling issue.NEITHER ONE IS GOOD FOR WHAT YOU'RE PROPOSING BOTH SHOULD DO.
Guess what BTC is good at?
Storing value.
BTC is a store of value.
"Satoshi's vision" may have been store of value + transfer of value, but the market decided BTC would be the store of value.There are plenty of other transactable coins that can back their value with BTC that are far superior in scalability and transactability to what BTC and BCH can ever imagine being.
ADA, ARK, DGB, LTC, ETH, ETC.. fuck basically anything that's NOT BTC /BCH is better at transacting than BTC/BCH.
Basically, the market doesn't give a fuck about your technical jargon and why BCH is better than BTC or why it is Satoshi's vision.
The market wants a reliable store of value in order to conduct business and this whole BCH mess is attempting to upset the one safe / relatively stable place in crypto because a cabal of early adopters (Ver, Jihan, etc...) want to force everyone to see it their way.
Fuck that noise.
My BTC buy shitcoins on exchange just fine and BCH wouldn't change my experience one bit.
your comparing tomatos to oranges because Bitcoin Cash is not any other alt or shit coin.
It is a forked coin.
A coin with the exact copy of its original coin but a protocol change to fix the problem which is congestion in this case which is what BCH fixes.
A forked coin is meant to overrun the old because the old is outdate hints the 100k backed up transactions
You can use it as payment system.
Not all transactions require a POS speed.
It's just fun watching you cry.
Where did you buy in?
When Craig and Roger told you to?
Cuck.
OOOOOO ITS GETTING SPICY!!!!!
!hahaha nice try if you want a reliable store of value go buy some fucking tether because that's not what Bitcoin is for it was never intended to be a store of value and even if it does That doesn't mean it cant scale and cant have cheap fees???
NO RETARD the only reason it has high fees and cant scale is to push u tards off chain onto LN to make money off u paying a premium to use the fucking network.and as for the whole "there are better alt coins" refer toTake your BTC off exchange and use it what it is intended for or how bought go buy a game off steam and see the fee you pay.
BCH goes back to core values.
10 mins confirmations cheap fees and scalability for the time being and when it becomes congested or close to we raise the blocks blocks were intended to be 32mb but satshoi placed them at 1mb early on to prevent attacks on network.
wasn't a permanent solution
BTC is the original.../case closed
Let me make an analogy for you.
You can use cash to buy shit at a lemonade stand.
Nice and clean.
We will call Cash CSH for this analogy.You can use MasterCard to buy shit from Newegg easily.
We will call Mastercard MC for this analogy.You can use a Wire transfer to buy weird shit in China easily.
We will call a wire transfer WT for this analogy.CSH, MC, and WT all transact the value that's stored in the dollar.
They are separate systems that serve separate needs and they all interact very nicely with the store of value - the dollar.Bitcoin is the dollar, motherfucker.
CSH, MC, and WT are all altcoins.
This system works extremely well outside of the crypto space and there's no reason to attempt to consolidate the store of value into the transaction systems.
Doing so unnecessarily complicates the entire ecosystem.
Let the store of value continue doing what it does best and develop solutions that align with it.
i lost so much fucking money on the bch pump, i dont give a fuck about corecucks
somebody’s triggered
If you're so sure then tell us what's gonna happen after today's bch fork thenAlso didn't they cancel the bch fork yesterday?
Tell me how BCH or BTC is better than LTC and DGB.
for people to adopt it does and atleast have cheaper fees lmao.
who wants to use a coin if you cant its too slow and too expensive.
oh I'm not crying Ive been in since the fork and have been adding to my stack made good money last couple of days.
I'm just tired of faggots not having any reasoning and just spouting bullshit its annoying af like how stupid could u be.
but before the whole run up recently bought in about .067 so I'm not crying one bit HA HA HA
9 posts by this IDSpamming this thread won’t make your bags any lighter faggotIt works fine as a electronic peer to peer payment method when the mempool isn’t being attacked by 10000s of 2cent transactions with 7 dollar fees at the same time a select few individuals are bribing the miners away by pumping their shitcoinI’ve sent plenty of payments with btc and transactions between wallets, it works fine.
It’s not the cheapest and it’s not the fastest but there’s a billion other alt coins that can do that for you if that’s purely what you’re looking for.
but they will never be bitcoin - just like how the random rock in your backyard will never be made of gold
Why the tears then?
I'm not crying
The reason it will fail is because you are a cock handling retard who doesn't understand market psychology.
Do you even realize YOU are the one comp-licating the sytem trying to make a store of value of a peer to peer electronic payment system ffs.
Store of value in crypto is tether it is pinned to the usd amount so there is your usd have fun.
I have a problem with blockstream cucking its users and turning BTC into a shitshow High fees Slow confirmations and wayyyyyyyy to many unconfirmed transactions backed up.
BCH can still be the store of value and the icon of bitcoin you want because its the same thing it is the forked coin to fix the problem of HIGH FEES, Long confirmations, and no scalability.triggered at faggots spouting BS with no proof or evidenceBCH is going to surpass Bitcoin this was just the first poke.
Once the fork is over and BCH difficulty adjust is stabilized and isn't all over the fucking place we take over.
It was meant to keep BCH alive but now its time to dethrone.LTC is not a bad coin I use it more then BTC because its faster and cheaper but BCH is better the LTC because its just a copy this is an actual example of a shit alt that is just copying.
BCH is a forked coin not just any alt its an improvement
btc is like the petro dollaras long as the underground markets use btc and as long as places like coinbase list btc and not bch, then btc will remain on top
BCH has no developers.
They didn't yet introduce yet a SINGLE update to the old core code they forked, it's literally a pure 100% old Bitcoin but with bigger blocks and some unfulfilled promises on top of it.That should be a red flag for every sane person.
we take overLol faggot.
You probably just got in saturday night during the pump, lost half of your shit and are now an investor and team bch, loser.
I'm responding to people in the thread faggot.
it doesn't have to be slow and I'm not paying 5 dollars a transaction because "its not that much" you sound retarded.
why don't u give a bum a dollar a day cause "its not that much"BCH is a forked coin not any other alt4341971these are tears of joy my friendWhy do you say that?
cause you assume I didn't sell at the top to increase my holdingsand u assume I'm butthurt over gains and not the fact that you all have no facts about how BTC is better lol except "just use any other alt" when BCH is a forked coin and definitely not an alt or how about "bitcoin is a store of value" doesn't say that in the white paper and use tether faggot.
it's a different chain now that is subject to it's own changes or whims.
If you want big blocks then just use Dash.
Dash existed before BCH and it has low transaction fees.>inb4 preminedget over it
Excepty BCH is composed of many developing groups who voted in a decentralized way and are introducing a fork fixing the difficulty adjustment to not just survive with bitcoin but to overthrow now?No underground market wants to pay $5+ a fee and this has already become an issue which is why BTC was forked and BCH carries out the way bitcoin is supposed to not blockstreams way.been with BCH since the fork and im acutally smart enough to recognize the top and bottom even when the market is crazy and I got in wayyyyyyyy before Saturday lol seen this coming a mile away.
youre just a cuck on biz waiting to jump on an overused coin to make a measly 1% pathetic sir
I just reported you to the SEC for spreading lies and misinformation.
Expect the feds to kick your door in the next couple hours.
So bitcoin is better because BCH is a different chain now that is subject to it's own changes or whims?
so how did blockstream add in LN and raise fees to push users off chain so they can pay a premium to use the chain?
that doesn't sound like changes to me right?
apposed to BCH cheap fees 10 min confirmations and scalability
No underground market wants to pay $5+ a feeI seriously don't think underground markets care that much
Nobody gives a fuck about the tech, or LTC and xmr would be king.
Currency traders have their coin on exchanges, investors don't care about transaction costs, and people who actually use the currency for real business are a tiny tiny minority.
Excepty BCH is composed of many developing groups who voted in a decentralized way and are introducing a fork fixing the difficulty adjustment to not just survive with bitcoin but to overthrow now?The teams you're talking about aren't doing any engineering work, it's just adjusting what they have to support bigger block chains.
Coordination and communication isn't engineering.As far as the development of new stuff goes, there's only a mystical alpha wallet which stores chunks of data instead of having copies of blockchain.BTC:>Everyone has copy of everything, 100% decentralisation, as long as one wallet is online, system is safe.BCH:>Only central nodes contain the whole thing, users have only tiny little chunks which are not self sufficient.Which sounds more "decentralized" to you?
The weakest link in BTC is Blockchain at the moment, but BCH isn't any different in this matter.Dudes, wake up.
This is borderline depressing if you really believe these slogans you're repeating.
dollars is a lot when you deal with a lot of customers lol especially when drugs are pretty cheap in generalIf you want to buy anything with bitcoin it cost 5 dollars atleast in a fee that's the problem.
and invewstors should care because why are you investing in a shitcoin that's slow af and expensive
So you cucks think BTC is so great and BCH is a complete shitcoin.
FUCKING PROVE IT.
Right here right now.
I wanna see your logic on how BTC is better NO FUCKING GAMES JUST FUCKING PROVE IT.Pepe.jpg
The OP has repeatedly told people to use Tether as a store of value.
Either he's a complete retard or he thinks everyone else is.
no one said anything about engineering you were claiming there is no updates or anything and no developers.
BCH is just as decentralized as BTC the only problem and difference is how congested BTC is and this is what the 3 year debate has been about-congestion.
BTC is congested af and blockstream is only making it worse.BCH does everything decentralized
so I am a complete idiot telling you BTC is meant as a electronic cash peer to peer payment system not a fucking store of value and if your looking for a store of value keep your shit in fucking tether which is pegged to the usd which is a safer store of value then BTC would ever be.
so who is the fucking retard?
NSA op vs. Chinese cash grab>
enjoy your BCash
bch will never takeover btc.
you're a deluded faggot and i feel bad for all the bags you're holding at a loss.
BCH is for snakes
how am I deluded explain explain how BTC will be on top?
is it cause the high fees or all the unconfirmed transactions?
This thread is pure gold.Thank you OP, you managed to get the Core supporters to speak and try to make their case for once, instead of just posting memes and insulting.Not sure if BCH will prevail, but after reading these arguments, it is very clear that BTC does not have anything to offer anymore.
It managed to rise exponentially despite all this.I don't think some of you people realize why smaller blocks are actually a good thing.
You're repeating some shit you've heard without understanding the fundamental reasoning standing behind them.
It's a safeguard which keeps the hashing power from being took over.
Big blocks can ONLY be mined by huge farms.
With bigger blocks the Chinese takeover would be immediate.
Who controls the miners, controls the universe.Due to these circumstances, limited blocks are the only thing keeping Bitcoin from becoming an inflatory coin.Blockstream is cancer, but so are bigger blocks.
This is a problem that needs an entirely different solution.
Be jihan, early 2017>Find small exploit on Bitcoin PoW.>Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.>Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.>Upcoming Segwit upgrade to Bitcoin would nullify my exploit.https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9f>Spam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempoolhttp://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.pnghttps://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hhttps://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-why>Tell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade>For the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners>Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok>I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coinhttps://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/>Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easilyhttps://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208>Rent russian social farm for a few days>Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book>Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage>Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be biggerIf you buy BCH, you are being manipulated.
They're both trash coins but BCH is orders of magnitude less trash.
if fundamentals mattered the entire crypto market cap should be less than 10 million
exactlyBCH Shiller here.its not absolute trash coin.BCH does have potential to replace BTC in the NEAR FUTUREhowever it will not happen OVERNIGHT
Why would they not wait for Koreans to wake up to shill this coin.
Here's the thing: core is almost certainly shit, and should be replaced.
It will continue to be slow and useless forever, blockstream scumbags, etcBut bch is a fork created for NO OTHER REASON than to roll back segwit and continue using a mining exploit proprietary to certain (Chinese) asics.
But because s2x failed, you think this is an acceptable alternative?
What about litecoin, vertcoin, monero?
Are they not infinitely better-suited replacements?Cashies keep accusing corecucks of being attached to the btc name but yet it's cashies who are being autistic about "muh real Bitcoin"Fact of the matter is, we're stuck with slow-ass core until a flippening happens but it can't just be forced by a bunch of rich dirtbags and a small army of autistic Koreans.
It will happen slowly over time and I don't think it will be bch
but it will be BCH faggot.get used to the idea.
Wow, someone with some sense, wtf get out of biz
Bitcoin wanted to involve into 2x, without a name change, a fork but no new coin, just Bitcoin.
This update would have also ended 'asicboost', a miner exploit.Greedy BCH asic boost exploit pattent owners wouldn't have it.
The fight is currently being fought.
evolve, lulz Also OP, they wanted to evolve into bitcoin 2x because of progress.
NowBCH halting progress is worse, right?
Anyone good at math here?
So BCH can dob~30tx/s with 8 MB blocks.
If it REALLY gets adopted and people start to transact with it for buying normal stuff 30tx is fucking nothing.Visa can do more than 40k TX/sSO for bch ti become visa-like you would have to raise the blocksize a whole fucking lot!Lets do some basic level calculus, tarda:8mb 30tx, 80mb 300tx, 800mb 3000tx, 8gb 30k TX.Lets say 30k is visa-like.That would mean that each 10minutes the blockchain grows 8gb, thats 48 GB/h, 1.152 TB/day, 34,56 TB/month, 414tb/year.Guess who would be the only interesse parties running full nodes?Just take the hard disk costs, + since there wouldnt be that many nodes it would be very important for full nodes ti have some kind of backup raid system if disks fail.
Addirittura to that the electricity, the personal, and the fucking space to store all' these fucking hard drive...Who would be interesse doing that pro bono?
Exactly - banks, other financial institutions and governments, eventualy corporations....big players seeking ti have controll in the system.
Which means se all ho back to licking their jew assholes.We created crypto ti get rid of those fuckers.
Yeah well no one here likes reasonable arguments.... Fuck you all
Keeping increasing block sizes isn't a solution yeah but it doesn't matter.
I'd rather have the flippening than being cucked by lightning networks.
Vitalik said no to them as well and ethereum is developing decentralized scaling solutions instead.If BCH kills BTC in the flippening, that's great.
Then a real decentralized good scaling solution can overtake BCH later if BCH doesn't adopt it themselves.The future is much brighter without lightning networks.
Selling out decentralization entirely in order to have a quick fix for scaling, and grossly overlimiting block size in the meantime in order to force the issue has convinced me that BTC needs to die.
I'd be glad if BCH died afterwards too, but at least it's the lesser evil.
Interesting take on the situation anon.
Thank you
4344317The quality nuggets of information I come here for.
FUCKING PROVE IT.
Right here right now.
I wanna see your logic on how BTC is better NO FUCKING GAMES JUST FUCKING PROVE IT.bch shitcoin shill getting desperate
is this even a serious request?
how about YOU HAVE NO DEVS!
YOUR ONLY DEV IS WORKING ON HIS OWN SHITCOIN!
IT'S A FORK OF BITCOIN.
BITCOIN DEVS DID ALL THE WORK!
THEY JUST FORKED IT.
THEY DID NOTHING.
THEY CREATED NOTHING.
THEY CONTRIBUTED NOTHING.
THEY ARE NOTHING!
THEY ARE SCRIPT KIDDIES!
THEY ARE FAGGOTS.
YOU ARE A FAGGOT!
KYS
hahaha nice try if you want a reliable store of value go buy some fucking tether>tether - store of valuekekked
yeah lol it's even run on a layer on the BTC blockchain that's stalling now and if people ever mass sold it, exchanges wouldn't buy it all back to maintain the 1 dollar per tether price.
They would just be like "Nope lol didn't actually promise to keep it 1 dollar see the disclaimer lmao" and thousands of tether normies would be BTFO.ETH is the safest choice in crypto in the foreseeable future.
ETH is the safest choice in crypto
For fucks sake this is not the big block argument and has never been.
It is simply for raising the blocksize a MODERATE AMOUNT, even to 2MB to help with the situation RIGHT NOW TODAY, while developing further solutionsThe entire fucking problem is keeping the fixed 1MB blocksize for NO REASON AT ALL, and then talking about LN which is still not here, and who knows when the fuck it will be readyNobody wants to scale to Visa levels onchain.
NICK mother fucking SZABO stated on Tim's podcast the 1mb limit is a DOS protection mechanism you fucking retard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FA3UjA0igYi'll take his word over you and roger "hi im a felon, i'll do anything for money" ver and that fucking kangaroo in mom jeans.
YOU ARE LITERALLY CANCER!
Fuck youthe 1mb was chosen when blocks were literally empty you retard.
It is a completely artificial limit.
There is nothing that says that 2mb would not work just as well, or that it would cause centralizationNick Szabo probably put [NO2X] because it was a shady closed deal that only a few agreed on.
Not because 2Mb is "dangerous"I never said you should listen to Roger, I said Core should implement 2mb limit so BCH would be instantly BTFOKeep sucking that 1mb forever propaganda cock retard
expensiveANY FUCKING WAY you invest EXACT THE SAME amount you brainlet