BITCOIN VS BITCOIN CASH, ETHEREUM DASH + LITECOIN heading to ATH?Watch Live here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3zUhu7m7SY
So I want to throw like 100$ on bitcoin cash, and Ive heard it has extremely low fees so it shouldnt cost like 95$ to do that... but I know almost nothing.
Where do I buy bitcoin cash?
FXTM?
Quickest way is via Coinbase/GDAX to get BTC / ETH / LTC then use an exchange to get BCH
Well BTC would cost a ton in fees, so thats out.
So I buy eth or ltc, then trade for bch.
Once I have the bch, I trade that back to ltc or eth, and then those into cash I imagine?
Is that even viable with a small amount like 100$?
There is a link in the stream to get BTC/ETH/LTC within 5-10mins.
I'd get LTC over ETH for what you are trying to achieve.
Then go to Bitfinex/Poloniex etc to get your bitcoin cash.
How long you planning on holding onto the BCH?
Probably long term but I dont know, depending on what the market does possibly buy and sell repeatedly and increase it.
Im poor, if it works out next month I could put more on etc.
ETC has made tidy gains recently
4365718Like I figure me and someone I know who is actually into this kind of stuff hadnt even heard about it until it spiked over the last 4 days and I just happened to catch some shitpost on /pol/ about bitcoin being a bad investment since it was tanking.
When I looked that story up (and the thread was nuked by the mods shortly after) I found out about BCH and figured I had caught onto it early.
Then I found out its several months old lol.
I figure it repeats bitcoins pattern of a skyrocket, tanking, leveling off, and then rising above the previous high of 2500 or whatever it was.
So do i long ETH now?
Well, last 6 days now I guess.
Its been dropping so I havent exactly been rushing to get into it.
You cant really be 'into this kind of stuff' and only hear about BCH in the last 4 days.
I wouldnt listen too closely to them
I know very little about this kind of stuff but someone suggested with bitcoin dropping, that the other currencies would probably follow given historical data.
Im not so sure on that myself, because if people are getting out of bitcoin..
I would imagine they go park their money in other currencies to a large degree.
BCH being the obvious choice, but also the other ones.. especially considering the best way to buy a small amount of BCH is to get eth or ltc.
The impact on their value alone from being an exchange currency used to buy BCH is probably generating the upswing.
I'm holding for a while yet.
think early 2018 it will spike
Well, into finance, not crypto currencies.
And when I say into finance, I mean he lost a lot of money lol.
I mean he knows a lot about finance but isnt actively watching the markets.
He represents the large masses of people.
If he doesnt know, chances are 95% of the country doesnt know.
maybe for no-coiners, everyone should diversify a little.
Up to you how much to diversify
Not much sense diversifying 100$ lol.
Its like a casino bet pretty much.
Look at top 10 by market cap.
See their value a year ago to today.
That $100 then could easily be $1000+ now
I almost bought bitcoin at about 300$ but didnt because there were other things I could put my money into that the time (and did 5x the money) and I decided it wasnt user friendly enough, and yea the fees for the ATMs were far too high.
I figured a new competitor would come along and kick their ass, that it could just as easily drop to 100$ instead of going up as it could go up to 1500 or whatever.Bad move, happens.
Id only have a few grand right now, so its not that big of a deal.
I was counting on the inability to handle a large number of transactions killing bitcoin, and thats what caused this fork.
I guess its natural I try to hop on now with BCH.
I still think BTC has some way to go, dont write it off just yet
Things are about to get volatile..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3zUhu7m7SY
So how do I buy these coins without giving my identity, like just using a pre-paid debit card/gift card.
it will be zcash you jews getting the first pump
Litecoin getting pumped.
D.va korean group that pumped BCH is going in on Litecion seeing how both Bitcoins are unviable right now and ETH is in ICO hell.Pumping until it flips ripple.
Starts in 15 minutes, going all the way into friday.
Just hand the money to some Chinese bum, you'd literally see a better roi than if you bought that scam cash
You're gonna stay poor by taking advice from biz you fucking moron
Someone is salty.
The chances of profit are higher than the chances of loss, and I can handle a small loss.