HUGE candles about to happenGET IN NOW IF YOU HATE MONEY!!!!
get in now if you hate money?
Huge red candles yeah.Literally just watched a 2k bch buy wall get destroyed in seconds.Lmao even roger can't help prop this shitcoin up anymore
Does that mean I should get out?
told you ;)
I HATE MONEY BUY BUY BUY
I hate money and I am already all in.
me too... watching this current crash is killing me
If this can break 0.175 that's a new low for BCH since the mega pump
the r-real b-bitcoin
aww yea shit coin crash
Who else /comfy/ here?
Who else avoided all the btc/bch bullshit and moved into alts instead?
I had btc and bch holdings that I switched to NEO and XMR, feelsgoodman
supporting a coin propped up by felons, America's most wanted, chinks and people who sold their BTCYou deserve to suffer
BCH just bottomed out get in now people
wtf are you me?
I wish this was true.
i bought bch at 530, sold at 1750, and moved that into VTC at 3.60, which is now at 4.30I finally did something right and I guarantee when I wake up tomorrow my gains will be erased.
we did it reddit
most of /biz/ probably won't make it, weakhand cucks will get shaken out over the next few hours before the megapump right before the fork tomorrow
bought bch with btc at 450>all btc into bch at 800>sold at 1760>cashed out of crypto entirely to enjoy the rest of the shitshowfeels /comfy/ mang
BROKE THE PREVIOUS LOW
I'm not worried at all, this is a buying opportunity if I ever saw one.You realise BTC is absolutely fucked right?
It's unusable, the market is still clinging to 'le eternal store of value' when there isn't actually any value in BTC.Won't be long before BCH trading pairs start popping up and Coinbase adds support and BCH will be unstoppable.
Diluded cashies that bought above .15 you are about to see the dump of a lifetime
and Coinbase adds supportNot happening until Jan 1st at the earliest when they open up wallets for people to access their BCH
Topkek
so .15 is the bottom?
This is the only reason I havent cut my losses yet - 136k unconfirmed transactions
lol cant believe that Ddos attack that only lasted 5 mins and on ONE exchange, took down the entire BCH moon.
My shorts will be ready next time.
The moment this shit went nuts, I jumped into ETH and other alts.
Feels good man.
HOLY FUCK, I fucking went ALL IN on Bitcoin cash... at 2400$, I wake up and I have lost over half my money, I needed to pay RENT, I'm GONNA BE FUCKING HOMELESS HOLY FUCK.
I CANT FUCKING BELIEVE I LISTENED TO FUCKING BIZ HOLY SHIT
Probably a larp...
But... Big if true.
nig if true
Yeah that's what they said, there's actually nothing stopping them from doing it in the next hour though - I'm sure they've already prepared.If you guys honestly think BCH is going to simply poof and disappear you're deluded, it's going to continue growing and growing until it absorbs BTC's market share - because it's reliable, cheap and useful.
It's got fucking 5 dev teams working on it and has torn itself away from political polarization that stunted (and will kill) BTC.I couldn't give a fuck if it dropped down to $300 again, I would simply buy more.
Tomorrow the fork occurs and with it heralds the rebirth of Bitcoin.
Enjoy the tendies in your mommy's basement.
Maybe you can make a GBP coin.
Gj.
I even gained some pennies in SALT & VTC & LISK
I just bought 100k.
Thank me now but you'll be salty as fuck by tomorrow.
Your chink shitcoin literally exists to provide jihan with an asicboost exploit
rip, faggot
This made me laugh audibly
lol
How are you dumb fucks not even aware of what's happening with your money?
The sham is over.
Observe the hash rate.
It's back to normal
4334806People who know how the plan actually goes understands that this is necessary.
Yeah most people don't understand the game theory with the new difficulty algorithm.
It's going to absorb BTC market share but it will take time.
You realize that this is all going to change in a few hours right?
in a few hours right?13 hours still to go, and profitability will be down if the value of BCH continues to drop
4334757>Pajeets don't understand basic economics
Well....it is time to start fucking for money.
Go to fay club lol But honesly, you don't know what is gonna happen next or in a year.
Even with bch.
Don't trade what you can't afford to lose and quit while candles are green
You actually believe this dont you,you deluded fuck.
I don't think these guys are pajeets.
Pajeets shill shit coins like BCH.
Absolutely, you deluded dumb fuck.
Simple economics, BTC simply cannot compete.
threw in more than he could afford to loseYou deserve to be separated from your money, faggot.
kys
include me in the screencap
Hope so.
I went deep at .135-.14 and wishing I had sold the top instead of hodling
Binance was down at the time too
4335750