Is /biz/ just 90% pajeets and neets begging for money?
I just made this thread in an OBVIOUSLY trolling way expecting to receive at most 3 or 4 posts, even with the pepe plush and all the shit, I still got +150 replies of people begging for btc.
I'm amazed by the retardation and desperation here.
Wrong thread nog
1/50 posts claiming they'll give money do gift money, doesn't cost anything to copy and paste a wallet address in a LARP gibs thread so why the fuck not?
NRscv1AeRteyhDvJucP2XwtvSGvo3G5RNThanks anon
It is, I did the exact same thing with a car and a "keep calm, hodl ether" sign and had 300+ replies.
I made one a few weeks ago saying I found a time capsule buried in the ground from 2009 with private keys to an account full of BTC and I was going to share them.Thousands of curry munching pajeets posting their 0 balance wallets.Mod banned me for it though.
How the fuck did pajeets find /biz/ anyway
not pajeetJust a poor uni student
1/50 posts claiming they'll give money do gift moneyno they dont>doesn't cost anything to copy and paste a wallet address except your dignity, fucking subhuman piece of shitREAD THE FUCKING STICKY THEN KYS
and now im fucking with the one over the top begging idiot
Stay mad phagot
Begging/asking (including tipping) for cyptocurrencies or asking for money/capital is also strictly forbidden.Technically, making "I'll give btc to dibs and trips" threads is not prohibited, but posting your address begging for btc is.
You mean the guy that has 20+ posts in the thread?
Hey, if no one is replying to OP then OP aint gonna make any threads is he.
And there wont be legit threads being pushed off the board by pajeets hoping for an airdrop of some scamtoken.
too bad,nevermind got trips
ban all third world ip ranges24h ban for posting any bitcoin or other crypto address (automated)
>This thread will die before the original
dude you will be banned for making that post.
i did the exact same thing and that's what happened to me.
so enjoy
rolling again: bc1q3eenggh6xv4vz79wvu402ksvxlxn27f7jyz2ge
ThisSorry, OP, but you were the faggot the whole time
this place has mods?and you get banned for a joke but not for shilling pump and dumps which would be illegal if securities law covered crypto
yes that retard
of course it's 90% pajeets, other 10% people who have no idea how to invest.>Buy alt coins, buy pajeetcash>Mooning MOONINGSeriously what a retarded term coined by this shitboard>Buy high sell lowYou're more than retarded if you listen to anything on this board.