I think we might be in for the biggest moon in a whileIf BCH somehow manages to break 1000$ in a few days, the FOMO will be so massive people will drop all their BTC for BCH
yeah what about all the coins that rely on a bitcoin trading pair you dumbass?
The fomo is going to come naturally as miners shift their profits to BCH and liquidate before legacy chain freezes.As for the trading pairs issue.It doesn't matter all that much.
Alts tank when bitcoin pumps, and their btc price is relative to their dollar value.Furthermore.
Major exchanges have already said that BCH will be labled BTC with a majority hashpower.Trading pairs will be of little concern.
This is the flippening.
Nut up.
IDK what the fuck to do with my alts
how to kill bitcoingoing all in on ALTs, fuc bitcoin, bitcoin dark, bitcoin cash and the rest of the shitcoins
Sell them when they recover.
Try not to sell at a loss.
If you're holding real shitcoins; Cut your losses.Take profit where available, but move any BTC balance to BCH
If that happens I'll be dropping my coins for BTC :)Historically BTC has won every fucking time it had ever been challenged.
I mean BTC has been hit with the fucking storm, hell has rained down upon it yet it always always wins in the end.If you're going to doubt Daddy Bitcoin you're going to lose in the long run.
I'm fine with BTC dropping price, just know I'll be running to Pappa Bitcoin :)
witness here a core shill falling back on only an emotional argumentBCH has truly won
He did say look at historical data, bitcoin has never lost.
Historically speaking it has never had any reason to.
His aforementioned storms amount to piss in the wind in the face of these scaling issues.It's also so contrary to the philosophy behind bitcoin.
Anon presents this trust in a figure he literally personified as a daddy.This is not the disciplined, self-banked, decentralization that is at the core of what this space means.
To not understand that is to have already failed as an investor.
lol you must be 19 or 20 years old
Swap your alts for either ETH (stable) or BCH (growth)
 falling back on only an emotional argumentemotions are what drives market speculation though.
if only the most logical argument won, bitcoin would have been overtaken years ago.
Historically BTC has won every fucking timehistorically everything is winning until its notyou die only once
this right here.
Historically speaking it has never had any reason toYou must be new here.I've been in the game since 2013.
Not only did I get cheap AF coins compared to what you late bloomer new generation is getting today, but I got both BTC and BCH, also BTG.
I'm independent of any team.Bitcoin has had many many many times it was brought to its knees.
There hasn't been any occurrence like that this entire year, but in the past was so much doubt and uncertainty with this emerging technology.You know the only thing BCH has going for it is the increased blocksize.
If the BTC Core team was all of a sudden "Fuck it, let's increase blocksize mother fuckers"What would BCH crybabies do?
Again I got both BCH and BTC man, I don't give a shit about "shilling" one coin or another.Also, check out the Graphene solution that Gavin Andresen came up with.
If that were to be implemented by BTC, it could suddenly then do 100,000 TX per second with minimal fees.Then what does BCH have going for it?You can talk shit but you ain't shit bro.
Mic drop.
Imagine this picture a year from now, instead of ethereum saying "But muh flippening" imagine BCH saying "But muh increased block size"
astounding how the legions of BCH shills are already starting to invade this board.
best sign to stay away now or become bagholder forever
Core could, but they didn't.
Scaling up block size was never hard.
This was about control over bitcoin.