>tfw you missed out on BTC I had so many chances to buy BTC at a low price but I didn't becuase I was too scared and too dumb to figure out how, first at 100 dollars, then at 200, then in January when it was around 1k I almost bought 10 btc but chickened out at the last second.
Reeeeeeeee I can never get over this.
Pic related is the price of BTC now.
I'm a low I.Q KHV NEET but I have a good amount in savings due to rich parents but I'm too stupid/too much of a pussy to invest.
BTC was the only thing I knew about that could make me rich, I'd be able to buy a nice 150k little condo l and live my life out as a NEET and never have to work in my life but I blew all the chances I had!
Now I'll be stuck with my parents and kill myself before I turn 30.
It's too late to get in now, I could buy about 3 but that would be all my savings, and it would have to go up to 100k per BTC if I wanted to live alone as a NEET.
I get physically sick when I think about this.
Anyone else missed out or lost a lot of money on crypto/any investment?
How do you cope?
Sometimes I pray that BTC will crash and become worthless just so I don't feel this pain anymore.
What should I do anons?
Wait for a dip and finally get in?
Invest in stocks instead?
Is it too late for me?
Didnt even read the first word
Anyone else missed out or lost a lot of money on crypto/any investment?no, I only win.
Only losers lose.
If you keep looking back you going to trip going forward!
Buy it when it dips to 5-5.5k and enjoy the ride anon
I didn't miss it lol.
I still have 124 BTC from a faucet nearly a decade ago, around the time I caught aids
They shook the fuck out the tree i remember how volatile it started getting 1-3k then they knew poor fags couldn't buy anymore
I honestly didn't read the whole post but you seem like a HUGE faggot after the first few lines.
Holy shit nobody fucking loves you or would care if you were gone.
It's not too late anon.
We're still in the early days of crypto.Buy the dip.
Be honest, if you bought at $100 you would have sold it at like $200 $600 tops.Unless you bought a bunch and then forgot about it until now you would have sold it long before now.
Well said anon.
You're totally in control of the direction you decide to face, if you only look backwards, you'll only see opportunities after they have passed you buy.
There are always more opportunities.
Buy link, don't miss your last lamboticket before the normie infection in 2019
The trick is you don't buy btc.
You buy alts and hope for 10x 100x 1000x.
It's way too late for us poorfags to get rich on btc.
Like btc can do what another few x.
We need more than that.Here's some example.
Strat went 1000x within a few months.
So imagine if you had invest just $1000.
Would have become a millionaire if you hold for a few months.ETH went from $5 to $400.
Your chance is on alts and do some research and pray you hit the right alts.The dream isn't over anon.
Dream is on alts.
stfu I missed out on $.05
buy neo and omisego
Oh boo frickity hoo, I mined 20 BTC on my single GPU in 2011 and sold them all in college for a few dollars, who cares, there's always new opportunities like  says
Buy it when it dips to 5-5.5knot OP but a poorfag.
are you sure it will?
Where do you buy alts, anon?
I'm new to all of this and it seems most websites you can purchase from only hold main players.
only hold main players.What does this mean?You buy alts from any major exchange.
Poloniex, bittrex, bitfinex.
Don't buy fucking SHITCOINS.
Those will be trash.
Do some research.
Buy alts that will come back up even when it gets dump(that's why you hold).
Shitcoins will get dump and can never recover
it's a dinosaur coin with no intrinsic value.But uhh it's great for uhhhh..... it's uhhhdigital gold you know!
It will be worth 1 million dollars bro.It's not even backed and pegged to gold.
It's a fomo ponzi coin, same goes for bgold, bcash, b2x.- 7 transactions per second, expensive fees, slow as fuck.-centralized in favor of wallstreet / chink miners.-unsustainable due to PoW.-popular among newbies who don't know shit about cryptocurrencies.-not future proof - quantum hackable.-every fork has to turn into a media spectacle-highly inflated value .
courtesy of bitfinex-lacks the upgrade it needs like atomic swaps, smart contracts.-bitcoin soars : alt-market bleeds-bitcoin surges - alt-market bleeds again-open source letting everyone mint shitcoins.-value derived from fomo investors.Please, let this shitcoin die.
Piggy back on right here.
I’m young, 20 I’m leaving soon for military service.
I have 3k saved in my bank.
It’s practically spending money as I lived with my mother and went to community college for 2 years earning an associates degree in computer information systems, just working at shit jobs (fast food and daycares).
Since I’m going to be leaving for boot camp and school for the next half year.
I’m thinking I should just throw all that I’ve got currently into a crypto currency.
Need advise, I’ve tried asking my father whom I don’t live with because she’s a portfolio manager, but he’s not too familiar with BTC and such, I know you’re only supposed to invest what you can lose and I’m willing to with what I have currently.
I think I just rambled but need advise thanks.
I guess what I’m saying is that if you had 3k throw into something what would you do and why.
nope, never again.
doesn't matter, will be $100K this time next year
your tears are deliciousstay mad, bro
will be $100K this time next yearwhat makes you so sure?
pls respond
I did respond I just deleted all my messages to show all of his in one screenshot.
The “Hello?” Is because I called him while he was at work by accident, he didn’t appreciate it very much.
Ah, the dynamic duo
you guys are idiots.stop crying and look for the next opportunity sad faggot.
If you don't plan to trade and hold for a few years then get Monero or Iota.
Monero is untraceable so that's pretty much it's selling point.
Iota because there's no fees involve so 3rd worlder, shitlords extreme poorfags can use it.
More people using it will make the network stronger.
Gear toward world adoption.
3rd generation of crypto.
1st gen is bitcoin.
Pretty sure there will be many alts will start copying Iota.
I plan on holding for a fair amount of time, but like I mentioned I don’t have much to invest little over 3k currently.
But any paychecks I earn after December are going to be all pretty much “spending/saving money” as my food and housing is practically paid for.
Could be worse.
I set up a miner back when it all started.
No idea if it worked as I was too busy getting drunk and playing WoW every day.
The hard drive is destroyed now anyway so I will never find out.
I also nearly bought some when it was about 50c but I was too scared to lose the $50 I had to buy it with on a dodgy internet scam...
Sigh.
Bamakzodnsh lol ur all fucking fags
Bought some IOTA yesterday and I have been mining Monero for a week.
I have 0.035 XMR lol.
Hey, it is better than nothing.
Not bad for a week I guess on a gaming pc.
What’s the point of habenong a little of each and not.
All of one
diversify?
Lol what kind of question is that.Also not everyone can afford one.It's like saying what's the point of buying .2 bitcoin.
That's not even a full bitcoin.Like .0035 might not be a lot but once price rises, it'll become a lot like how .2 bitcoin is a lot