ITT post bags
wow, 400 ODN.
who gives a shit
$250 bag>only the dead can know peace from this feelGod forbid a human being should experience such loss.
MeBecause it's over half my tiny portfolio down the shitter.
Fuck off.
no.
it's too embarrassing.
such behavior is shameless
Been bagholding $EBIO for a year now.
Just kill me already.
5ksatBATbags.jpg
Round about 400k REQs, that are some real bags for NOW.
For reference I’m holding 6331 shares at an average of 4.70 a share.
I have 12k in additional savings that I’m seriously considering dumping into this piece of shit right now because it’s .68 cents on the dollar and that would put me at 23978 shares at an avg.
of 1.74 a share and I could get out way sooner... any thoughts?
500 on siacoin it sucks but could be a lot worse
>literally lunch money
I think you just beat out that Pandora anon from /rgt/.
Why didn't you put a stop loss?
He doesn’t get his lunch COMPED regularly
Got in at 7300
Dude, to make a long story short I was overseas last year and I was up about 5-6k on this position at the time.
I was sitting in a cafe about to pay for our monthly rental car fee and I was looking at the shit on my phone (spotty internet connection in Eastern Europe) and suddenly the dude comes out and says he’s ready to see us so we can pay.
I didn’t have time to do anything and my phone wasn’t refreshing.
About 30 minutes later I was down about 2-3k our of nowhere and I kept doubling down on my loss thinking surely it would go back up.
This is before I really understood what a stop loss was, just a casual literally gambling because I had extra cash last summer.
Damn, sorry about that dude.
Hopefully, you saved enough money to balance your losses.
See if this is the bottom
Dude life is fucking crazy.
I went into the whole Robinhood thing telling myself I didn’t give a shit about what happened to the money.
I’m 25 and in the military for about 6 years now and I’m reasonably well off and do alright with my money.
Everything is autopay, I contribute to my TSP and I max my IRA with automatic contributions every two weeks.
I feel like I’m doing far more than most 25 year olds so that keeps me sane, I just hate feeling like I could have had that 30k and grown it to 35 or 40k with something more reasonable like amazon or some shit, you know?
I put it all on this fucking tiny bio stock and I guess I got what I deserved.
Still fucking blows wondering what if.
The 12-13k I have available to me is in my IRA...
I almost wonder if it’s worth trying to go for the dream turn around and dumping it all in.
I could max my IRA out again for this fiscal year easily so it would really just be the money from the previous two I’d be losing out on.
so many missed opportunities...
sharesYou're not gonna make it.