Last night at about 1130 pm pst Bithumb went down.
The price on bithumb for bitcoin cash was 2980 KRW, an all time high by far.
It was going parabolic.
At the same time the entire crypto currency market cap was 210 billion at exactly that time.
When bithumb went down millions of people thought it was mt gox 2.0 worldwide and sold FOR FIAT not for btc.
This is evidenced by the current market cap being at 197 billion.
Anyone who thinks bitcoin cash is dead, or that core won is incapable of understanding basic facts.
Last night btc survived because an exchange processing almost 6 billion dollars in transactions went down.
What will save them next time when people regain confidence in the exchange and change the fiat they just received for more bitcoin cash.
What then anons?
(((lucky))) (((core))) (((blockstream)))
btc dies in 13 hours
nice try, we wont buy your bags LOLLLBCH is dead, deal with it
I sold when I saw the exchange went down.
I thought it was gox 2.0 too lmfao.
I'm speaking for people like me.
I'm going to be buying more bch on Monday when my money finally clears into my bank account then I can wire transfer it back.
So probably --next week sometime hopefully I don't miss the pump.
Bithumb was sending false positives, which is why it was removed from coinmarketcap to properly price BCH.
Now that (((they))) figured out DDoSing shitty exchanges doing fake pumping works this will never work again.
https://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
interesting, any evidence of this?
lol this thread is an inventive way of talking trash and distracting from bcrash being dumped back to where it was before the pump.
stay salty btc coinlets.
What are you talking about?
They weren't false, it was removed from coin market cap because the exchange had just crashed and was no longer part of the trading volume.
There was no fake pumping.
I honestly can't understand how you live your life believing in fake fucking boogeymen.
You honestly think it's more likely that people created billions of dollars out of thin air in a grand conspiracy then that people realized bitcoin is now no longer usable for it's designed purpose and bch is it's spiritual successor.
Are you a paid shill or an idiot?
Explain to me how anything I said was false fucking moron.
so did Jihan and crew blow their load last night?
it sure seemed like it, I mean it was a steady straight line up like nothing I've seen before.. wojacks were all over /biz/, capitulation in full effect with threads like 'I can't believe it happened so fast' and 'its already too late to sell'so now wf is Jihan going to do?
like was it not the massive BTC war chest of the chinese miners that got blown through last night?
20 billion fuckin dollars?
if they have no more BTC and can't sell the BCH they bought for anywhere near what they paid at this point is it just game over for now?
You know why bithumb went down?
So the big boys could unload all of their bcc in peace.
This.
Not even close.
Most of that money in my opinion was fomo.
But even without opinions we know factually it wasn't vers and Jihans war chest.
Because Vers 150k bitcoins didn't move to the exchange till far after the crash happened.
They didn't confirm till almost 8 am pst this morning.
Jihan didn't even move his stash.
Also neither did Gavin or Craig Wright or Mcafee.
Also they make tons mining btc no matter what and they already said they dump it for bch as soon as the blocks are picked up.
this is far from over, just like the last price spike was far from over.
This is just straight up impossible.
Even if I accepted the false core narrative that this was big players manipulating prices blah blah blah fake pump etc.
The only exchange that high enough volume to dump on was bithumb.
Even if they crashed bithumb if they moved it to bitfinex or bittrex they couldn't have dumped it, even if they moved them to 70 percent of other exchanges because those exchanges had less than 35 percent of the total volume.
The only explanation for what happened is that exchange went down people traded massive amounts for fiat who had gotten into the bch early and other people took haircuts for fiat.
On bithumb when it went back online, evidenced by the price on bithumb back online still over 2k when other excahnges were way lower.
They have plenty of money left and more then they started for this to happen again.
I'm cereal you guys be afraid, bitcoin would have been killed if it were not for an exhcange going down.It's fucking conjecture not fact, there is nothing to refute.
Maybe it would have gone down a little further before reversing like it has, you can't prove otherwise.
I'm fine with the pink wojack postings all the way back down to $300 bcrash.
It is conjecture based on objective trend analysis.
Why the spike in transaction fees to almost 100 usd with 1000 sat/byte if people weren't trying to get on excahnges to sell.
Why the truly parabolic movement?
If you have another explanation that doesn't involved "FAKE PUMP AND DUMP CHINKS PBOC, FAKE."
I'm all ears.
if it was (((real))) then why did it crash 50% because of one SMALL exchange in korea that was down for 5 mins???
?This is the most fraudulent shit I've seen, if it actually was organic the price would remain a lot higher than that instead it lost all their gains in a few hours lmao
did you just say SMALL?
how moronic do you have to be.
Bithumb accounts for over a billion dollars in transactions daily.
IT is objectively by all accounts one of the LARGEST exchanges in the world.
Please grow a brain or exit the crypo markets, don't piss away money.
this is straight up impossible no really, this happens all the time in the stock market.
Why would it not happen on exchanges ?
Because the korean exchange was the one being used by jihan and his crew to unload btc for bch.
If bch was so good how come it didn't recoverIf these people have so much money how come they didn't have pumpbota on every exchange not just one
>Lucky exchange crash
maybe it shows there is huge built-up demand for a bitcoin replacement that people were willing to fomo into this so fast
Pumpbots*
We can reasonably suspect that at least one of those (believed to be Ver) didn't transfer the majority of his BTC to exchanges until after the biggest action yesterday, because we could see the exchange wallet transaction and it has been linked.But what about the others?
Why are you so sure?
I want sources.
I'm pretty sure you're at least partially right, I'm sitting on BCH myself.
The flippening will happen.However, the more sources and evidence that can be provided, the more people are going to be convinced that the flippening is going to happen.
If you provide some evidence / sources, I will spread them as well.
its cause they would have been banned from every other exchange, bitthumb doing a massive pump on a sunday with no authority watching.
SMALL exchange% of the volume

See the 10k btc wall on Bittrex at 0.1
baby's first pndLet me guess, you think having "bitcoin" in its name means it's not a shitcoin.
market manipulation of BCH prices>DOSing Bitcoin>Shilling nonstop>"Heh we lost but you guys got lucky!"
please comment on every post that has anything to do with bch/btc.
you and a few others are the only voices of reason and will save/make people alot of money.
thank you
Just your average multi-billion dollar pump and dump, nothing to see here.Please stop selling BTC.
This only reinforce my faith in the king and all more.It truly endured all possible tests, it's unkillable once the japanese mining farms get online.All hail the King !
are you a fucking faggot or something?
how could you possibly think that bithumb, the biggest exchange in Korea (aka where all the chinks moved to after being btfo of China) is a small exchange???
If you wanted your monopoly to stay a monopoly, you shouldn't have sold your ASICs all over the place, jewchink :^)
That's like asking if Microsoft was so good why didn't it immediately recover from the dot com bubble crash?
when people lose faith in the market it takes a little while for it to be restored.
Also what would be the purpose of pumping on every exchange?
You would lack liquidity for any significant events.
It would makea lot more sense to stick with one .
literally what BTC did yesterday
For anyone puzzled at the enormity in  , jews and chinks are well-known to accuse their victims of the crimes they themselves commited as both an attack and a pre-emptive defense.
Fact is BCC is now hovering about1227.46US$.
It plummeted from ~I think 1800$, it seemed the BCH was centrally being manipulated....https://fork.lol/pow/hashratei am not sure how to interpret this:is this a good thing for a group of miners to have such opportunity to dictate the market price for such a short time?
i was watching Datadash's video on you tube last night... it seems the dust is settled somewhat and ETH is back at its rightful place?
However, BTC is stable !
>DDoSing shitty exchanges doing fake pumping works this will never work again.https://medium.com/@homakov/how-to-destroy-bitcoin-with-51-pocked-guide-for-governments-83d9bdf2ef6b
ttps://medium.com/@homakov/how-to-destroy-bitcoin-with-51-pocked-guide-for-governments-83d9bdf2ef6bToolong to read please summarise it
tl;dr China can without to much effort kill Bitcoin and reduce it's market cap to 0 if they wanted to
accuse their victims of the crimes they themselves commited as both an attack and a pre-emptive defensejust like deluded alt burgers accuse their victims of the crimes they themselves commited as both an attack and a pre-emptive defense
Based boggies saving the world once again
They might even have more BTC if they bought at the bottom, created FOMO, and then sold.
We don't know.
I hate them.
This.
Also it's pretty easy to see.Core got pumped my fake tether and fomo.
Like 20 million tether made a huge spike.
Think about what the chinks and Roger and so on can do with their ammunition.
They will just time it perfectly with the Eda fork.
It hasn't begun it was a test you know.Like Russian war planes fly near a border to check out how and how fast the other country reacts.
Thsts what happend and it was a slow reaction and a ddos.
Next time they can't do that.This is world crypto war 1
>Toolong to read please summarise itChinese government forced a bunch of their bitcoin miners at gunpoint to perform a 51% attack in order to grab as much bitcoin as possible so as to cement their control over it.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOL, just lose all your money on BCC so we don't have to look at morons like you in crypto world, all that listened to your advices will follow too and I am sad for them, but piece of shit scammers like you I enjoy looking how you squirm.
Now you are at the process of denial, could I really have lost it all and it must be a mistake, well it is not.
Good riddance
You deluded retard.This is how it happened:Roger Ver and company: moshi moshi, Hey bithumb, we can't trade in China, let us trade here, with your low fees, we'll give you part of the earnings later.bithumb: sure!
moshi moshiRoger Ver and company: ok, I pumped the price enough, the buyers are ready for my dump, execute plan.bithumb: ok, "closing" the exchange so you can safely dumpRVandC: DUMP!
MWAHAHAHAHA FUCKING RETARDS, CAN'T CANCEL YOUR BUY ORDERS bithumb: "opening again" oops, look what happened to those thousands of buy orders!
they were accepted, lucky you guys!Too bad you didn't have time to cancel your orders and ended up catching a falling knife!
>a third failed pump that didn't even reach a quarter of BTC's price>NEXT TIME WILL BE DIFFERENTBCC exists only as a pump and dump scheme and without the EDA it won't even have that going for it
/biz/ Why are you not staking bitcoinplus right now?Why were you not staking bitcoinplus 5 months ago?
Why will you not be staking bitcoinplus coin Plus 5 years from now?
If it was a pump and dump why aren‘t the koreans byuing more BTC.
They can only sell their BCH with KR won and buy BTC with KR won.
So BTC buying volume should have also gone up if they want to use the money from dumping BCH.
But the BTC volume never really goes up and is always behind Bitfinex.
They are simply not interested in BTC.
They either want BCH or Korean won
are you stupid?
I agree with you but that's not you greentext faggot
4338209that's not how* ffs
In this thread: Nobody wants OP's bags.
kek
nice googre transrator