I chose to listen to you guys and missed out on a juicy ass 2x and even lost money holding BTC.
Well fuck you.
Going balls deep in BCH now and riding to 2k and beyond.
If you aren't doing the same, stay poor.
Can’t wait for the crash in 3....2...1...
Shit FUD.This thing isn't going back to 1k for a long time.
only amateurs chase highs.Pros take profit now
Holy shit you are an insanely dumb trader
Literally heard this ever since it it $700
Stay.
Fucking.
Poor.
Fucking this.
not sure if its chasing a high dude.
there is no other coin that has been worth this much.
this is a historic event in crypto.
not to be taken lightly.
Everyone's poor until they cash out.
And those initial calls meant "if you buy after this point you better plan on selling before this is over because in the long term nobody buying over 700 is making money"
2k?
The pump already happened senpai.
He thinks this is a pump
People said yesterday they missed the pump.
And it went up another 70% since then.
Hope you keep this thread up long enough for me to laugh at you.I made 7 btc from this bch pump and I'm smart enough to get out now while we're ahead, I was very close to selling at 1k last night but I gambled and set a stop loss just incase.. meanwhile you literally held onto alts or btc during all this i assume and lost value on all of them just to sell now to buy BCH at an all time high in the peak of a fomo pump.You will learn an important lesson today anon
retard, bch is going to at least 2k usd
there is no other coin that has been worth this much.BCH was worth nearly 0.5 BTC at its inception, which is all that should matter for a coin that would need to either replace BTC or become pointless
yes, but the dolar amount relative to the coin itself is obviously a huge variable in this market.
$1350??
no other coin aside from 23 skidoo and other retards have been worth anything close to that
Same here OP.
Well...fuck my life.
Cya guys.
Byteball
Should end the day at $1500
Roger Ver went to Korea to promote his shitcoin.
Almost half of the volume comes from korean exchanges.
The rich whales will eventually get bored of it and move on to another coin while the newbies get stuck with their bags.
It's already ranging.>Nothing behind its value besides panic selling.>Literally 2 transactions in BCH last month.It's a pump and dump combined with deliberate gimping of Bitcoin.Run, you fool!
>mfw there are idiots that think a 50-60% increase in 2 days is "healthy growth"
I'll come back to laugh at you too
How much LINK are you going to buy with your gains guys?
=)
Not 2x growth in 2 days.2x growth of Bitcoin, at same time, loss of BilderbergCoin.Just moving asset from here to there nothing to see here.
Of course!
Buy high Sell low!
Sorry mate, Unlike you i choose to belive to the BCH.I pocess 230BCH.bought at 188€>Feels good to rekt /biz/
lmao
%
end of the weekend:BCH --> 4KBTC --> 3K
I BOUGHT TWO BCH PLEASE GO UP PLEASE GO UP PLEASE GO UPI TOLD MY FRIEND LAST NIGHT i WAS THINKING BAOUT BUYING BCH HE SHOOK HIS HEAD REEEREEEEE REEE I COULD HAVE MADE $600
whens the next pump?, bought in at 2000k sats and im starting to shit myself.
Why would you listen to the retards telling you 120k unconfirmed transactions is bitcoin working as intended?
Think for yourself moron
DUMPING!
What part of the world finding out bch is better than btc makes you find think this is a pump?
Hello please join this discussionto spread awareness of BCH.Thanks
Aaaahahaha what a tard