>they dont see the pre-pump accumulationIf youre too stupid to buy in now you don't deserve the gains.
don't come crying to us when the cashening happens.
Shills are getting desperate.
your racism seems a lot more desperate
If you fell for the BCH pump scam, you are a loser.
You are a bag holding loser, and what a loser should never do is bet.
So just accept it.
You're a loser.
There's nothing wrong with being a loser, so you don't have to feel embarrassed.
The delusion, holy shit.Sell your bags now, before they are worth 20% what they are now
i lost so much fucking money on this Pumpim just gonna stick with btc and ethereum now fuck you all
What if i bought at.06?
was never .06
Then sell before they are worth that or less.You did good, take advantage of the ones who didn't
impossibru
4341306how can you speak such blatant lies?
it was below .06 for weeks in october...
This just goes to show you how new most of the retards are.You know why?because they are hired from a russian social media farm.Just think about it, it's actually too obvious
Buy the FUD, sell the hysteria
This is what shitty fud looks like folks.
Recognize it & do the opposite.
LOL is this your guys' first day in crypto?
BCH pumped for the fork.
The overtaking BTC was /biz shills.
BTC is already too integrated into the community.
It's not going to happen and you guys are wasting your money.
So integrated.
Everybody loves moving BTC around exchanges because it is so cheap and fast
Dumb
Doesn't matter.
BCH is still an alt coin.
If something was going to dethrone BTC right now it would be ETH.
Integrated, quick, good support.
But is that happening?
No.
The core dev team will have to work things out otherwise alt coins WILL dethrone it EVENTUALLY but it's not happening today.
This just confirms that BCH is trying to make crypto great again, while BTC remain DELUDED leftists who are incapable of understanding Satoshi's Vision.
ETH replacing a decentralized anarcho crypto currencyRead the white paper
LMAO I bet you believe Russia got Trump elected too you fucking moron
4341124You're all retards.
If they were finished they wouldn't still be accumulating.
If they weren't still accumulating, BCH would be in freefall.Fucking brainlets.
You deserve your losses in the near future.
I hope you never sell your BTC in time.
Not if sites offered BCH pairings, fiat to BCH wouldn't be far behind
Like this?
Coinbase rumored to have fiat to BCH in the works now.
Satoshis vision was not a centralised bitcoin being ran out of china.
read the whitepaper again
Bought at 0.95 and was kinda proud.
However i missed my chance at selling for 0.3 for comfy profit.
Now i think im gona sell when its at like 0.25
This does look like accumulation.
Something is brewing
no1 gives a shit what you bought it at LMAO you still lost the same amount of money the retards that bought at 0.4 did>durr hurr I bought at $0.02 the coin went to $5 but fell back down to $0.04, BUT I BOUGHT AT 0.02 SO IM STILL UP HAHA
 morons that dont know how to cut their profits :)
they dont see the pre-pump accumulationyou mean pre-dumpfag
source for the coinbase shit?
how does that even make sense.
why would someone slowly accumulate at 1200 and then dump, causing most of it to sell at below buying price.some people are so fucking dense I swear.
I used to have way more sympathy for people losing money on their shitcoins, even when it was absolutely retarded to buy the specific coin, but today I just want to see BTC hodl shillers lose all their money and become the pinkest wojaks in all existence.
Since no one seems to know, the two coins are about to reach an equilibrium and then rise & fall together hereafter.
After the HF happening now, they will reach a 1:1.5 ratio around $4000 & then begin to rise again.
Much more short term potential in BCH.
Just FYI
No, the stallening on the BTC chain will cause fear.
This combined with the panic when they get close to parity will also cause mass BTC selloff because then the flippening seems real and people come out of denial about BTC's supposed invulnerability as "the king".