Explain to me why this coin is below ICO price.
Their marketcap should be way higher by now.I don't get it.
who here /notselling/?
Its rising again as i type you dumbass
Holding 114k here.
Don't plan on selling at all.
This is easily a 4-5x potential short term and >$1 once they start delivering.
Trying to position myself to stake with at least 250K REQ.I'm going all in on this.Sick of BTC drama.
Can you explain staking for me?
Never mind my lazy ass googled it.
I you really truly believe in it then I guess it's a good idea.Man people love REQ around here.
I don't know man.
Might be LINK 2.0.Also I have 30k of REQ too so I'm not trying to FUD.
Man people love REQ around here.
I don't know man.
Might be LINK 2.0.>Might be LINK 2.0.You kidding right.
Link was 4x ICO price at ATH.
REQ is not even at ICO price right now.
WHY DID I BUY THIS SHITCOIN?
Seems like this coin just has bad timing.
Released as people were pulling out of alts in preparation for the 2x fork.
Then releases a pretty great announcement on progress right as the BCH/BTC shit is happening.
It'll definitely rise, just a shame it missed out on the initial hype.
It's a great project with a great team behind it.
I've made money off of it already but I'm not selling any time soon.
Coin will easily hit $.50 in the next few months if the team delivers on their roadmap.
All this means is that the FOMO will hit people like a truck since it's flown under the radar.
They're going to end up releasing a product that works, then suddenly attention gets onto it as partnerships get announced.
this is a crapcoin, can't even get to ICO price, LMAO.
Just buy OMG and stop making hourly REQ threads you poor pajeets
OMG and REQ aren't really trying to do the same thing though.
And even if they were, you're assuming that omise would actually be a success outside of Asia.
There's a reason ING was an earlier backer for this project.
Market cap is only $30mill right now.
This coin has a ton of potential.
one word, marketing.it doesn't help that this coin is only available on like 2 exchanges that are shit to begin with.they really need to put that money into use and start a marketing campaign