https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
MY LINK IS GONE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa
i love this meme
>insider here
Certain information has come to light from back room channels, sources i cannot disclose
I removed your referral link before opening the site
Posted July 30thall of which came true.
but I'm still skeptic
4295046How could you do this, OP?
You are a very bad person.
Fuck.
Just read..........Guess I’ll be going all in BCC now.
So wait... wasn’t that Jihan guy that helped call off 2x a BCC guy.....?
Forgot my image
Yes... surprise!
what does it say?
not losing my link over this

what referral?
This IS the shilling.
There's definitely a coordinated effort to scare people off BTC and into BCH because there are some mega-kikes all in on BCH.
Short if you must but don't FOMO or you will be burned when the dumping comes
>short squeeze million btc no stop loss>make it happen
the call that killed crypto
Bitcoin cash will not replace bitcoin by buying and selling.
That chick is goddamn retarded.
He would have to convince all the businesses that accept bitcoin to move over to bch to have any remote chance to take over btc.
who is this "shilling" reaching?
whales (k btc) don't give a fuck about fud like this, they're not going to throw away their bitcoin for altsnothing they're doing is causing this, as much as they want to believe it is.
65%+ of bcash's volume is entirely in korea, it's just the koreans pumping and dumping again.
that's it.
right, even imagine the scenario where it does end up at a value greater than 1BTC, the inertia that has kept bitcoin the clear "king" of crypto isn't going to suddenly disappear and every merchant/wallet/user suddenly switch to accepting bcash.value is meaningless in this case, as soon as bcash decided to fork, they gave up their claim to ever being bitcoin instead of yet another alt.
It’s tanking guys.
Everyone go home.
Just forget this dinosaur coin and its brother.
Buy Monero while its still cheap ffs.
It seems some of you are forgetting the nuclear option.
The miner and pool owner cabal behind this can stop mining BTC and BTC will lose more than 50% of its mining power.
It's already at a 100 000 unconfirmed transaction queue, up from 50 000 over the last 10-12 hours.
BTC chain would slow down to every transaction taking around 4 hours to begin with, then far more as the queue of unconfirmed transactions keeps increasing.
The panic sells on BTC that is already in exchanges would be insane.
BTC would become even more useless than it is.
this is literally already happening