How is there no GVT thread?This thing is a behemoth and it will absolutely make a lot of people rich.
Look at the market cap, and circulating and total supplies.
We can genuinely expect an at least 8x on this.Does /biz/ not like actual moon missions?Is everyone too scared at the moment?
Watching closely for a good entry.
I should have gotten in last night when I saw this being shilled.
Or rather promoted.
It all checks out and I feel like a fucking retard.Charlie Shrem is a crypto goodguy.
there were 5 gvt threads last night at the same time bro lol
Market cap: $10milCirculating supply: 3,726,781Total supply: 4,436,644This is an absurdly good investment as it stands.
I didn't see any today.
I bought in last night after doing some research.
Not tryina shill, this just seems like an absolute no-brainer.
I dont trust russians
so did confide, got to do my research first thanks for sharing though.
This was being shilled like crazy few hours ago.
Shrem backing it and saying he is holding a big bag as well.
This is moonbound.
Most definitely.
I did my research as well and walked away impressed enough to buy.As was mentioned by an anon above, Charlie Shrem is a solid dude from everything I've gathered.
Got in at 3700Already up a bit.Dope!
Unlike a lot of the times it's said on /biz/ there's basically no bad time to buy at the moment from an investment standpoint, when you consider the runway this has.
I set an buy order for 3300.
Will it hit during the night (next 8-9 hours)?
I already have some but took out some POWR gains to this
No one ever says why it's supposed to moon, just "durr it's gonna be huge buy my bags plz"
You may get lucky and see another dip, but it's largely selling with an uptrend.
3400 may be a little more realistic.
I'd at least adjust my bid to something less round, you'll have a better chance of getting it filled that way.
Always.
Shit, had to buy back in to POWR :D https://twitter.com/hellenoreilly/status/932992406705729537Might sell links for a while
I'm a retard and bought when it was first listen on binance at a high, but not too worried with the potential this coin has
My basis is the team and the technicals behind the current price of the token.Like I said.
Take a look at the market cap and supplies.The product and team make this 8x the current market cap in my opinion.
Everyone needs to appraise the coins they buy for themselves, and I'm just sharing my thoughts.