Is it really all it's cracked up to be?
The burden of choosing something worthwhile to focus on is still on you
just use adderall or meth pussy
Adderal is the bestBut orb is like adderal without the euphoria.Modafinil is like coffee on steroids.
No I really don't like it for more than a one time thing.
I would not recommend it if you are an experienced drug user or have a high level of tolerance
does this shit really work?
can't find much about this thing on google
Crack is like adderall with extra euphoria.I'v made my choice
I've been taking modafinil since August.
I started with modalert, but the pajeet quality varies too much so went with modvigil / provigil.
IT WORKS.I am taking SSRIs though so use it to combat fatigue and libido loss, but yes it works.
Your brain can compartmentalise tasks into a systemic process and blast through them without even thinking.
It gives you motivation to do shit, even mundane shit, like cleaning your apartment.Down sides are it makes you irritable if you use it daily.
Best 4/5 days on, 2/3 days off.
150mg per day if you have quality stuff hits the spot.
You could daytrade 18 hours straight on this stuff.
It doesn't space you out especially.
It has different effects on some people, some say it dulls creativity while boosting logic thought processes.
For me it boosts both.Tried racetams in the past, including pharma grade noopept I used to bring back from trips to Russia and their effects are too subtle.
Modafinil will kick you in the teeth after around 1 hour of ingestion.
You can get it from duckdose or afinil express for BTC.It combats wageslave fatigue extremely well so if you have projects or studies while simultaneously wageslaving, you wont get burnt out.
If you eat a Modafinil and shelf one at exactly the same time, as they migrate towards each other you literally can't lose at day trading.
You see all the charts in 4 dimensions hovering around you like Tom Cruise in Minority Report.
Bump for interest
 Hows your sleep on it?
I have a weird quirk wiht stims, even caffeine, that if I know I'm stimmed I'll get anxious and not fall asleep.
Its stupid I know, comes from when I worked a job I beyond despised for 2 years.
ssri to combat libido lossGot bad news for you anon
Have you used stimulants or psychedelics in the past?
Could you compare?
Doesn't affect my sleep i.e.
I can fall asleep.But I do think it affects sleep quality after multiple days on because the half life is massive.Hence cycling off for a few days is best.
Then your REM sleep can catch up.
It works better when you are non-sleep deprived.Prepare for crazy dreams.
I can confirm it really works.
I'm not the kind of person that believe in magic pills etc...But Modafinil just do what it is advertised for.
It gives you a boost similar to a caffeine boost but stronger and with less anxiety.
This is not the kind of pill that let you wonder whether or not it really does something.
The effect is too strong and too vivid to even consider it is a placebo.
Try it once and you will see what I mean.
The everlasting paradox, being able to focus on anything with intense strength, but not knowing or having anything to focus on.....
its a step above caffeine but turns you into a robot at 200mg
ITT: Pajeets talk about which stimulants help them buy high and sell low.
Yeah I've tried all sorts of stims - MDMA, cocaine, ampetamine, mephedrone.Psychedelics - mescaline, LSD, salviaAlso was into ketamine for a while, and plenty of weed.I see those as recreational.
Modafinil is not recreational, it is more like coffee in that it is useful for a specific purpose - eliminating fatigue and increasing mental performance.Sometimes when I took weird dosed pajeet modalert, it would give me a super buzz that felt a bit like amphetamine, but modvigil is more consistent and not speedy.
The weird thing with Modafinil is that it doesn't prevent you from sleeping if you try to sleep.But when I'm under Modafinil I'm usually too focused on the things I do and just forget to sleep.So it doesn't prevent you from sleeping but it removes the natural sleepiness that tells you it's time to go to bed.
Where can I get this in Canada?
If I get the right answer (not adrafinil) I will send you some LINK.
I am not going to bullshit you.
Thanks.
/thread
I used modafinil and armodafinil off and on for over 5 years: (1) It worked (obviously), (2) It had no significant (if any) side effects that I'm aware of, and (3) Importantly, when I no longer felt a need to use it (stopped working a job that required 85+ hours a week), I just *stopped* using it--no feelings of psychological or physical dependency, no "withdrawal"--nothing!
Long-term after-effects?
Who knows?
But other than that, a real "wonder drug" for me.
Afinil Express ships worldwide.I used 4NRX too (united pharmacies).
I think Afinil Express is EU based but 99% of orders will come from either India or Hong Kong.Customs tend not to care if they see modalert because modafinil is prescription medicine not an illegal drug.
As long as you dont order massive bags.I'd say afinil express is probably the best for customer service, delivery time etc.
started with modalert, but the pajeet quality varies too much so went with modvigil / provigil.DAMN IT, I KNEW I WASN'T CRAZY.
Modalert has a ridiculous failure rate for me, and I thought it was me, but then I tried a batch of modvigil, and it worked every fucking time.
Fucking poo in loo sun pharma fucks.
modafinil just makes you not tired, adderall is 10x the better
Modafinil just keeps me awake while giving me a headache and smelly piss.
Adderall actually provides me with the focus I need.
>not just getting drunk as shit while trading All the shit I've traded while drunk has caused me massive gains so theres something to it.
4349681Modvigil is also manufactured in Pajeetland, right?
HAB Pharma...
Has anyone used this consistently over the long term, like 6+ months.
I enjoy modafinil, but I want to make sure I'm not over doing it.
Yep....but at least it works better than modalert.
I should just try to get a fucking prescription anyway, I can't imagine pajeets have a high standard of quality control on their meds.
Next thing you know you have liver cancer.
I've been using it for over two years now, almost daily.
It's really good stuff, but I always take the weekend off.
It isn't addictive, but it seems to get less effective after a while when you take no breaks.
I honestly think this simply has to do with your brain not getting enough sleep due to the constant moda supply in your system.
Obviously too little sleep fucks you over after a while.
Hair.Loss.
i've used the brand name versions for 3 months then went back to my xr's.
decent stuff, different type of animal.
Yeah ay reading some of these replies...
Some of you people really enjoyed it more than I did lmao.Not that I disliked it though..
I just found it to be rather situational.I found that, if tired, it helps prevent effects of being tired.
Like you can still feel a bit tired.
But it'll nullify the dead brain feeling of tiredness.. the slow reaction times.. etc  But outside of being tired, if you sleep correctly and are healthy.. then I don't think it is very good for common use..In that case just get Adderall/ritalin/dextro..Modafinil = reduces effects of tiredness, which has a second hand improvement on focus.Adderall(and friends) = straight up improves focus.
THIS.
Don't play with modafinil if you don't spend your time wisely as is.
Use ritalin
what are dht blockersget with the times grampstheres literally no reason to be balding in 2017
Best Mental Stimulation:DextroamphetamineDextromethamphetamine2-FMA (have not tried :'( 3-FPMBest Physical Stimulation:4F-MPH4F-EPHShit tier:ShitalinAdderall (muh mixed amphetamine salts... fuck that, just get dexamp.
Fucking amphetamine has been around for eighty years for fuck sake)Have not tried Modafinil
Cocaine is also Shit tier btwI am mostly interested in functional use of stims tho, not getting gookedWith 4F-MPH I was working two jobs, cycling 150+k to work every week, and I wasn't sweating anything.
Chainsmoked a tonne tho
Bromantane is also worth looking into, a lot of nootropic/bodybuilding sites sell it so you can always tell your mom "muh creatine"Pretty interesting Soviet science desu, adamantines are cool
what about using it with alcohol can i become an alcohol god like i can on cocaine/vyvanse/adderal?
look niggers ive been into nootropics since 1999, here's what you want to take all at oncealpha gpcsemaxlsdir adderall (fuck dextro fanboys)fasoracetamcoloracetamlions manecaffeinel-theaninemagnesium tauratelow-temp vaped weedhydergineThis'll bring u to post-evola status in no timeflouride based rcs are trash and will rape ur neurons
ir adderall (fuck dextro fanboys)w-whyDextroamphetamine is basically my favourite stimulant everAn equivalent dose of Adderall (only 0.75 as much actually, if you're only counting the D-isomer as relevant) gave me acute suicidal depression for about four hours.
I managed to read a book cover-to-cover beforehand, but I can do that shit on Dexamp and not have such a crushing and miserable comedown.
LITERALLY METH did not do this.
I have yet to find a stimulant that leaves me feeling as used-up as Adderall did.
afinils are generally for faggots who don't do real drugs, also
Take 150mg 5x / week.
Slight europhia.
Increased focus.
Increased alertness.
Causes irritability.
Half life is 12 hours.
Sleeping after this time isn't much of a problem with a good bedtime routine.
i.e.
sleep / dont lie and watch TV.
Sleeping may become a problem is mixed with high doses of caffiene.
Who else here like to trade on the comedown from a DMT trip?
I always make better moves when the elves are guiding my hands.
this is probably one of those "in your head" things or related to your dose/mood/biosocial environment at the time.
Adderall ir is half dextro, the other half is massively structurally similar, isomers doing wildly different shit is middle aged mom fibromyalgia territory -- you need a lot more sample size and variation to draw conclusions like that.
the isomer is very very mildly more physically stimulating and that's it.
I MOSTLY agree with you, with the exception of in situations of sleep deprivationClinical and military tests have shown modafinil (which I have never tried, and seems too kiddie pool for me honestly) outshines good old amphetamine in situations of extreme sleep deprivation, even if the amphetamine group outperforms them under normal conditions
what have the elves told you so far?
It's not half dextro, it's 75% dextro.More specifically, the proprietary blend consists of three DIFFERENT dextroamphetamine salts and a levoamphetamine salt, so ultimately a 3:1 ratio of D- to L-.
I definitely need a larger sample size, and yes, anecdotal evidence and all that.However, the plug had the same reaction and is now on the dextro train wholeheartedly.
Same goes for one of our mutuals, who took D-amp every day for months and yet had Adderall put him in a similarly suicidally depressed state as well.Also, if it's not abundantly clear, I'm not LITERALLY blaming Adderall for suicides.
I'm sure it may have been somewhat involved in a couple specific cases, but I don't give a shit.
By "suicidal depression" I really mean "anhedonic emotional nosedive into lethargy and hatred."
Experienced by three people, all of whom were perfectly able to tolerate D-amp and a variety of other stimulants.
Modup.net
I feel like I can tap into the psychology of the moment a lot better.
A little like I'm psychic even.
Processing the flashing of order fills, market spread, candlesticks, etc into a holistic indicator for the market as a whole.Probably bullshit but my spreadsheets show me doing a lot better on trades when I'm high then when I'm not.
Sample size is only a couple hundred trades though so it could be a statistical anomaly.
Thanks anon.
I'm sitting on a ton of DMT but never thought about using it for trading purposes.
Also never tried it before.
4352036bah I wish I knew where to get it
Why would you just be sitting on it?
it's the most amazing intense incredibly interesting substance on earth.
Stuff 40mg in your crack pipe and blast off already, friendo.
You won't regret it.Extract it, it's easy and relatively cheap (some startup costs with labware though).
A nice strong trip to hyperspace is like 30mg for me and costs me ~40c tops.
I can have four life-changing journeys to another dimension for the cost of a fucking beer.
It's awesome.
Thanks for the reply.
Do you know of a better extraction guide than this?
https://wiki.dmt-nexus.me/DMT_Extraction_Overview
was going to smoke out of a bong.
Does that work?
Also, safe to do alone?
I personally follow the lazyman tek, it gives the same yield (for me) as much more complicated A/B teks without the extra fuss.
It also uses extreme lye concentrations which extract more of the other plant fats which some people don't like, but I think they make the spice taste better.
More like a bowl full of figs and flowers instead of like a cut-up tennis ball.
Personal preference.
mg of modafinil cups of black coffee>a pack of cigsYour trading will be unstoppable.
I crushed 50k last month alone.
https://erowid.org/experiences/exp.php?ID=82721Modafinil made this guy schizophrenic
It might, depending.
It may be difficult to keep from burning the spice in a bong (vs vaporizing it which is what you want).
You could melt the spice in some isopropyl alcohol and drip it onto something smokable like mullein or caapi leaf, and smoke that instead.
Or I would look up 'the machine', it's a great budget vaporizer that you can make out of a single-serve liquor bottle and some steel wool.
It is usually safe to do alone because it is extremely sedating and you will stay couchlocked for the trip duration.
Very minimal risk of jumping out a window or eating a homeless man's face, but be sure you have a soft out-of-the-way spot to put your pipe and lighter down on immediately after you toke, or else you may blast off with it in your hand and end up dropping it, breaking it, rolling around on the glass shards, burning yourself accidentally, setting your house on fire, etc.
Just trying it out for the first time recently, today is the second day.st day took 0.5 of a pill and was able to concentrate enough for speed reading a journal article for uni>today took 0.75 of a pill and im tired as all FUCK... currently drinking a dr pepper to see if the caffeine will do anythingGot my final exam for my capstone unit tomorrow so I'm gonna take maybe 1 or 1.5 pills and hope it works out better than today
I used to make that shit with my roommates.I never had those crazy psychedelic adventures that everyone claims, the most that I ever saw was a painting of a dock come to life but that was it.
DMT is nice during a comedown from Shrooms but to me either works like benzos or just makes me super emotional (in a bad way) if I smoke a lot.
Nice reading comprehension dummy.
He said he's taking it to combat libido loss from SSRIs
Does anyone know how modafinil or any other of the stims in this post work with OSA (obstructive sleep apnoea) I have been diagnosed with severe OSA.
Starting to feel it more as I get older.
I have provigil perscription.
Can confirm the irritability.
I'm super easy going but I notice I'm a little less agreeable for functional inefficiencies that I see my coworkers performing
Less is more with modafinil.
It has a very long half life, takes at least 3 days to build up fully.
OP I HAVE A MODA PERSCRIPTION.DO NOT USE KRATOM WITH MODAFINIL.
You will have seizures.
I can go full libertarian on you but srsly do not use kratom while using Modafinil you will seize out and potentially die.But if you can get it it works.
Just make sure you have a to do list made before you take it.
can you get this on the clearnet in the US?
I'm currently on armodfinil studying.
Been taking modifinil and armodfinil on and off for two years
Yes