>Worked for Volkswagen and for a Game company making AA games (programmer)>Everyone wants to have me but nobody wants to pay a good salary (I want 80k € starting)>Quit>Write an AI to analyze and time the markets>Make 20k in 3 months>Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbersThere's no winning in life
is this a thread where you are baiting pajeets to ask for your AI?
it sounds like it
Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbersyou'll get over that after your LBC is 1$ again
Im just complaining, I wouldn't give the AI to anyone.
Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbersyou can go to meetup places where people talk about programming and cryptoor work from a coworking spaceor officeyou don't have to be alone
Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbersMein Freund, nimm das leben nicht so ernst, es nimmt dich auch nicht ernst.
Nutze einfach das, was dir das leben gegeben hat, und wenn das nicht reicht, nimm dir einfach mehr.
So funktioniert es nun mal
nice b8 m8 8/8
>Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbersWhy don't you talk to your AI Waifu?
What kaind of AI?
an AI to analyze and time the markets.
It tells you when to buy and when to sell.
Surprisingly, simpler strategys have better results, I think it's because complicated trading patterns tend to overfit on the test data.
Neuro net?
i have loot of data, i use manual analiseis Neuro_net or sample metods form statistick will make me rich?
I want to learn python but only have basic knowledge in C# and VB.
Is it easy to pick up and where should I start?
I offer 50k for the AI if you can prove has good success rate
Make 20k in 3 monthsalso how many € you have in trade?
Are you from Germany?
Do you have a degree?
noyes and yesalso how many € you have in trade?60k total but 80k would be better because risk managementDunno read a book maybe?
try check.ioI can't proof this mathematically, the bot is just making educated guesses based on training data and generated more of a chosen coin.
There aren't even proofs in the AI books, they openly say they don't know why something works.
I will make a website where you can send ETH and then the bot calculates the best guess and tells you when to buy,when to sell and the stoploss %.
Would that be a nice tool?
Make 20k in 3 monthsalso how many € you have in trade?k total but 80k would be better because risk managementto low proffit to high risk
>Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbersAre you in Berlin?
Let's drink a beer!
Hold on, what's your rate of return?
Does it beat the market's?
best was 150% over 3 years based on the trading data so my guess is IRL its 15-30% at best.
But its trading on hourly data, on 5min data there might be more possible but I havent tested it
nah im near FFM
What language do you use?
any background in stats?
I made some shitty go bot proof of concept a while back but didn't have the stats background to actually configure it and am smart enough not to play against the pros without it.
What language do you use?
it's written in python.>any background in stats?I looked into that, specifically HFT strategies and ergodic theory but that required a master in mathematics.
You can be "good enough" with some basic knowledge about probability theory and limits but you need to know how to use them.
just buy BTC on 60k and get better proffit------all this tread is nextone Vitalik`s scam
you should kill yourself
Im talking about gains in BTC (USD Value)
See this is why I don't bother making a crypto bot.
What's the difference from being a wagie chained to a desk all day to being a crypto trader being chained to a desk all day.
Both suck
a bot should be simple enough that you don't have to, which is why you make a bot.
so you don't have to workdunno how you get the idea that HAVING a bot do work for you would be worksure, maintenance is a thing, but if you spend more time maintaining than saving time, then you obviously fucked up already
Worked for Volkswagen and for a Game company making AA games (programmer)>>Everyone wants to have me but nobody wants to pay a good salary (I want 80k € starting)>>Quit>>Write an AI to analyze and time the markets>>Make 20k in 3 months>>Get crippling depression because im alone all day looking at numbers>There's no winning in lifeBeen there OP.
I quit my job to start my own business (not crypto).
Started getting horrible depression from the isolation every day, even though my business started taking off a little bit.
Ended up having to go back to wagecucking to save my sanity, even though I fucking hate it.If I were to do it again, I would work in a coworking space or lease some shitty little space, like someone's garage, just to go somewhere else to work every day.
There's no easy choice to it: work at home and be depressed vs. wagecuck and hate it
thanks for copying and pasting his entire post again faggot
AI with flat fat flaps for tits
in BTC (USD Value)just buy BTC on 60k and get better proffit ------all this tread is nextone Vitalik`s scam
s y s b r o
uncanny valley gets fixed>complains