Bittrex has been redirecting me to the enhanced verification page for a while now.
But today I saw that my daily withdraw limit got reduced to only 0.4BTC.
What the fuck is going on?
I'm withdrawing everything(slowly, fucking you bittrex)
They send me to the verification too but my withdraw limit is 40btc... you sure you're reading it right?
"Daily Withdrawal Limit0.4 BTC"
send some funds to bittrex like 0,1 btc it will turn to 0,4 btcunless you already sent them your id n shit i think
Sounds about right.
Sounds about bittrex.Good luck having customer support reply to you within 3 weeks also.
Pulled out everything like a month back when I realised binance was finally adding new coins very quickly.0.05% fee vs 0.25% fee.
1/5th of their outrageous fucking fees.My account last few days also got limited to 0.4, finally managed to withdraw my last 0.4btc I had there today.Cya bittrex, I'm not coming back.
Thank you based chinks for BinanceShittrex never again
.4 wtf!
Did that just happen?
I haven’t paid attention in a while.
Are they suiciding themselves??
Is the SEC clamping down on them that hard?
I'm using Binance right now because they have good coins.
Only problem is I can't sell my stack completely?
I'm left with some decimals
my fucking legacy account got downgraded to 0.4. anyone else?
binance rounds down
alsoopening an exchange in the US of ALUL
Same, hadn't noticed any change to limits though.
You've been BUTTREX'd
 BTC limit here.... Not my fault you're trying to avoid taxes
whats wrong with bittrex exactly?
dont use it, just curious
spergs that are too dumb to get their account enchaned.
I never deposited anything there because they never approved or manually reviewed my submission for verification, and didn't respond via customer support for 2 weeks.
With Binance, it took less than a day to get verified for up to 100BTC worth of withdrawal, and the one other time I had to contact customer support about something unrelated they answered within 3 hours.Binance also has a much better interface and lower fees.Shittrex is just shit on so many levels.
The only thing they have, or rather, had, is "we have many coins and we don't seem as decrepit as poloniex".
ciding themselves??
Is the SEC clamping down on them that hard?>>>>Anonymous (ID: 0O/aXnOL) 11/22/17(Wed)21:49:26 No.4508952▶ I'm using Binance right now because they have good coins.
Only problem is I can't sell my stack completely?
I'm left with some decimals>>>>Anonymous (ID: l1fF2X+9) 11/22/17(Wed)21:54:29 No.4509040▶> my fucking legacy account got downgraded to 0.4. anyone else?my legacy got downgraded to "0"
or just people that don't want to get raped by 0.5% fees?
(0.25 to buy, another 0.25 to sell)meanwhile on binance, 0.05 to buy, 0.05 to sell.If I trade $100k I have just saved myself $400 by switching to binance.
I got reduced to 0.4 btc as well.
Pulling everything today.
Only a matter of time before everyone gets enhanced verification required.
Don't get caught with your pants down.
just do the enhanced verification pablo, the FBI aren't after you
Been redirected to the verification for the last 3 weeks too, very creepy.Either way, nobody sane should leave much in centralized exchanges these days.
0.4 btc limit makes sense given the meteoric rise in valuation, it's still more than 1 btc in july.
They've jsut changed their default login location.
Get over it.