Why won't he embrace Link?
His coin is literally worthless without it.
Sometimes I sense he wants Ethereum to fail.
Because he's jelly
Hes jelly because he sold his eth at 25 USD
Maybe he can't endorse it yet.
Maybe they all know how it works and are just testing it on large scale.
Maybe they are using a thinktank to theorize about potential issues with it's use.
Maybe we do not know 1% of what they know.
Maybe they are buying it right now......
4301692Did you guys just assume its gender?
he doesnt need ethreum people are already using the ethereum network, it already is successful
Because there is no need for link to exist or for a link token.
You can have APIs without any of that nonsense.
RIP if you hold link.
Maybe it has to do something with it not having a fucking working product.
Does Vitalik have a gf or is he gay?
Because he friends with the Augur guys and Chainlink will take their lunch money.
Stop blatantly lying
Keep in mind he didnt say oracles were less than 32 million.
He said oracles are not worth 32 million, meaning they could be worth more or less than that number.
Being the brilliant autist he is he was probably hinting at fudding but is keeping that tweet for later so he can say he called it in 2018: "theyre actually worth more than 32 million."
Checkmate faggots
I think he is owned by the bankers, just like Blockstream.
Monacoin ftw.
Just to reference the Matrix.... who was the most powerful after all was done?
The oracle.
some people have other things to dothings not involving SEX SEX SEX
He is def gay and probably trans
this
He's a commie.
4301842wrong.gifmoney skelly's gf pic related
He's holding 35k ETH
thisethereum is useless for anything other than creating more shitcoinsHe is salty af.
Sergey is the Chad - always says nice things about ethereum, even used it to create his token, shows confidenceSergey is the bitter virgin, he knows that Sergey has the missing link to smart contracts and it's too late for him to do anything about itTLDR:Vitalik has the fish and Sergey has a top class fishing wand
you will never cuddle with a qt eth creatorwhy even live
Sergey ate his food and he's mad
I dont give a fuck how vitalik feelsautistic fuck>muh blokkchein>muh tekk>muh problum solbinggggo fuck yourself you emaciated metrosexualbobblehead faggotI dont give a fuck about your gayboyTEKNOLOGEEI want MONEYthats all I fucking care about you fucking spergratMONEY>muh ETH SMART KUNTRACCSMONEYM O N E YONEY
How many pink wojacks do you have on your HD?
noone gives a fuck what you wantgo cry somwehere else
4302088HAHAHAHAHA LOOK AT THESE FUCKIGN RATS HAHAHAH, I'M CRYING RIGHT NOW HAHAHA
CHAINLINK TO THE MOON !!!!!!!!!!!!!
!SERGEY IS SATOSHI CONFIRMEDS ERGEYS ATOSHIN AKAMOTON AZAROVSMARTCONTRACT.COM WAS BOUGHT AS DOMAIN 8 DAYS BEFORE SATOSHI'S FIRST POST
I don't like Vitalik either because he is a sjw cuckboi, but you're not any better, I remember you from one of the discord groups, go fuck yourself you greedy fuck, you'll never make it and you know it
Do you have links to this stuff?
This sounds like a good story to look into
ETH is a ponzi schemehe already cashed out the lower the price goes now the more greens the skellie gets to pocket
Vitalik is a control freak, thinks he gets to decide how much everything is worth
ThisNazarov is smarter and better looking than Cuckerin.He's a jelly faggot who can't even