Okay biz, I've been hearing a lot about Publica but you biztards make everything seem dumb.Let's have a discussion.
Why should I throw my money at this?
Small market caps are all the rage now.
It has that going for it.
To be honest I've just found out about it myself.
I like the fact that Pulblica's cofounders are vetted industry professionals with top companies as clients.
I'm an avid reader, so publishing innovations are very interesting to me.
I'm interested to see how they will become the blockchain's publisher in the long run/long term.
Short term I think the market cap will attract others to it.
I could see this being a sleeper hit.
do we know what the circulating supply will be?
and total?
Low market cap, excellent team, exchanges confirmed.
DYOR anon before the rocket takes off.
I see a lot of potential, maybe it can be as good as Confido.
I heard ranging from 10 million to 15 million tokens.
Does anyone know how much was allocated for the crowdsale?
https://medium.com/publicaio/faq-about-publica-token-pbl-4205e95c9315found all my answers here.
anyone know how to find this token's erc20 address?
% for sale and abou 15 million in circulation.
That's really nice.
Cap will be great in terms of future growth.
I think this will be better than confido since they have an actual team with real experience
which exchanges?
is there anywhere I can see more info?
Hmm.
This one looks interesting.
The people involved are actually real.
When does it show up on ED?
If I remember right they have one bigger exchange (binance, cryptopia, or hitbtc, don’t recall) announced already and another smaller one is rumored
Cryptopia is confirmed.
Cryptopia!
Nice...
Moon!
No moon yet.
Wait for me to buy before mooning.
Better be ready to catch some early on ED!
That Cryptopia pump.....
When exactly will it be traded on ED?
Now that the sale is over, I can finally tell ya'll Niggaz: this gonna go 10xxx
Sad I didn't find this one before it ico'd.
For all ico participants: I'll buy directly from you for x2
you know, not sure how this would work but i want to do the same thing.
i'm interested in buying from anyone willing to sell at 2x too.
4492398Be early and you will reap the benefits
biz doesn't actually shit on this?
fml i passed on it...
biz, if you were wondering what a thread full of shills looks like, this is it.
Pajeet scam don't buy bags from icoed retards
Oh you missed out on Publica too?
It's okay
how do we get the etherdelta link?
and when does it get released?