This is coin safe at the moment, i just moved some of my investment into it think it should spike but it seems to be dropping, advice pls!!!!
How is this hard?
Hold until casper, become a millionaire.
Fuck people are stupid on this board
If you sit on your arm until it's numb and jerk off, you'll think it's someone else's hand!
what is a casper
For real what the fuck.
Hold on and it should come good or pull at a small loss?
i only have 50 eth; how many do i need to be a millionaire in 5 yeasr - im thinking probably 1000


https://blog.eth-price.com/2017/11/06/ethereums-casper-update-importance/Once this is formally announced expect a run to $1000.
Screencap this
Aim for 200, sell in 2020.
Millionaire
But muh bitcoins
A friend of mine has 10k in savings and was asking what to go in on.
I said either xmr or eth and hold for about 2-5 years.
Am i right?
Eth yes, xmr no.Listen to this money skeleton talk, he has a master plan you are literally looking at a young bill gateshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yo9o5nDTAAQ&feature=youtu.be&t=7h55m33s
Why eth and not xmr.
I have my holdings in xmr!!!
Tell me im not doomed.
Should i move it to eth now or wait
4333292fuck .
that means i need another 15k usd.i have a bunch of zrx, omg, mkr and cvc; maybe i should sell one into eth
Think this will be going below 290 again anytime soon
Everything in this market right now is short term.
If you are looking to make money off of price swings then dip in and out of things that are pumping.
Thats what I do, but I no longer do it to gain more bitcoin I do it to gain more ETH.
ETH has fully become my peg currency.
Responsible team, genius creator and supportive community
Ethereum is the true crypto MVP.
Stays pretty consistent, easy trends to follow if you want to make a little money selling high and buying low.
However beware of a BTC crash, because it pulls ETH down with it every time.
Once this adjustment is over and BTC finds it's true floor get in on ETH and it will never be lower that your initial buy again.
Anything can happen right now.
I honestly don't attribute price with value atm.
Its all manipulation.
It could go to 290 it could go to 400, nothing would surprise me.
Keep your eye out for whales and use them as a floor.
Trade one satoshi lower than their buy walls
So no need to worry if i just invested in eth that its dropping at the moment, it should reevaluate?
dont look at it for 3 years
This game isn't for you son.
Pack your bags and leave.You're already getting emotional five seconds later over what I'm guessing is less than a thousand bucks.
I know what your saying totally and your right.
And im sick of having to check on a fucking coin every share moment i have but i am new to this but gotta start somewhere, making a nice little profit at the moment buying and reselling.Im not a big whale dude, just here to up my savings thats all, also not here to "put it all in" if you know what i mean.I would really love a coin that I call buy and know im good to just sit on and slowly buy up for the next few years.
Is eth the coin i want, also i hear xmr may be another to sit on for awhile.
4333891I have 15k in savings but im not going to blow it all here on a shit coin that may go bust.Whats a nice coin i can put like 5k on and sit on it and also slowly add to it.I made some nice coin on the whole btc and bth shit
Do you want to invest in a particular industry that blockchain will revolutionize?
Or do you just want to make a blanket bet on blockchain?
Try to figure out your goals and what you think the blockchain may conservatively accomplish in the future.
If you figure that out you might even able to drill down into Ethereum ICO's for more targeted investments.
Do you want to invest in a particular industry that blockchain will revolutionizeI didn't even think of that but that am be better for me and probably alot safer yes?
Should raiden rise with eth?
Nothing is safe in this new market.
This shit is risky as hell!
But it's the same with all new tech.
Nice to see someone on here giving anon some advice.
This board should have more like you.
Congrats on this, seriously.
I run a major online marketplace like amazon.
If I announce ETH adoption will it help ETH rise?
kjLIMePQeBay?
It just might anon, news like that is always noticed
I'm not giving you the name.
Oh yeah, it would.
I don't know how much ETH will rise, it's pretty static though so idk how much it will go up.
BTC is more volatile and would see more change.
Thanks for the advice.
As the other anon said their should be more like u on here, all working together to become jewish rich kek
4334234There needs to be real value attached.
Real value as in things that actually do stuff.
From what I see from these developers they focus strictly on the development of their currency technology.
That might impress the nerds, but nobody gives a fuck outside that crowd.
Nobody cares about currency.
They don't think about currency.
They think of one thing, "can I use this to buy over at that place".
To keep it simple, because simple is always the real genius in the room.
Anyone can make things more complicated.
Long story short, ETH needs to target businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses, businesses.
Open an entire department that is dedicated to working with businesses adopting ETH has a form of payment.
This is should be as important as their core development team.
Otherwise there is limited practical use other than day trading by a bunch of coke head degenerates.
watching devcon3 i realized its just a bunch of nerds trying to impress eachother they need more chads selling that shit
kek,the absolute state of /biz/
Did you just call Ethereum a shitcoin?
Is this bait or is this anon retarded?
Good morning all, this is a conversation I had with a friend on ETH enjoy the read!
Ethereumwhat do you think about this "Ether is FUEL for the network.
If it becomes too expensive then it will be redundant "?of course it can be more expensive, There is no hard limit on ETH, And its divideable to 18 decimals, No reason why it cant go to 10k eachEther is used to pay the worldwide ethereum virtual maschine to provide verifiable computations.
Miners are being payed Ether in fees which is the incentive to continue mining.When the switch to "Proof of Stake" comes there will be no mining anymore and because staking does not cost too many computational resources the fee for computation on the blockchain will decrease dramatically .....As the switch to "proof of stake" is planned in the next 12 to 24 months, the ether amount needed to do a transaction would also decrease by a hundredfold, Which is the reason why the price can go up 100x and the chain will not die !!!
!do you not think as a result more and more miners will move away from ETH to other cryptos...?The mining hardware are scrypt ASICs, Which can only be used for scrypt based Blockchains, wont work for BTC, monero, LTC or whateverThe lowest amount of bitcoin is 1 Satoshiwhich is 0.00000001 BTCThe lowest amount of ETH is one Weiwhich is 0.000000000000000001 ETH
shittiest logo ever , rofl
ETH will get hacked sooner or later and you will lose your moneyscreencap this
I laughed.
ETH is always a good, safe bet.
Will you make short term gains?
Probably not.
I bought ETH with my BTC last night at 0.052 BTC, how fucked am I?
You will still find ETHer in his mom's Vagina.
Just saying nigger.
nothing personal.
On serious note.
ETH is safe and cheap at the moment
ETH dangerous choice.
There is no income for the investor.
only speculation.
I think you should pay attention to the Diamond(DMD) this coin has excellent performance and good income for investors.
learn more bit.diamonds
ETH dangerous choice.
There is no income for the investor.
only speculation.Whoever is paying you to shill this crap is being overcharged.
Probably a safe hedge while the Bitcoin Wars wage on.
you are not .... sit on it and wait..... see the discussion I posted