Looking to take a step into cryptocurrency.Is BTC mining still profitable?
Looking to mine through GenesisTo mine or to buy?Any thoughts?
Kek
Just buy.
Mining is a safer, longer-term investment.
At this point, it's a lot easier to make dosh buying and holding, with a portion trading on large swings.
BTC Gold was created to be mined at home again.
(gpu mining)And otherwise, buying and sharing BTC/BCH mining power with like an apps or what not, is another option.
Still this can be tricky to figure out because of all external influences and difficulty adjustments and all that jazz.
buy and hold.
you cant compete with the chinese in mining, they have the cheapest eletricity
Don't mine through Genesis, and don't ASIC mine.Best shot if you were to mine would be a GPU mining rig for XMR/ETH.If you wanna get into GPU mining I can give you some tips, otherwise just make a balanced portfolio with BTC,ETH,XMR,LTC and some smaller coins.
ASIC mine LTCYou can mine w GPUs as well but electricity cost is a dealbreaker, if you cannot get it ree somehow then youre walking on thin ice.
Any EDA and youre JUSTed.
Few miners I know are mining in the work slipping a 7 GPU rig under the server room table.
They make around 150€/month with free electricity.
4381823OP hereI am not going to be mining myself, I was looking to go through a cloud mining company like Genesis to mine BTC or buy it outright.Is cloud mining a big no-no?
Cloud mining is dogshit, it's much better to invest in a portfolio.Just as an example, you can buy an old system and slap an RX480 in it for 400$ and be able to sell the RX480 at any time or lock yourself in a 2 year contract with genesis for 800$ just with genesis being a shitty company in general.Either mine yourself or don't.
All I wanna say is that I lost at you pic op, good one.
/ thread
Wanna do it trhu USI-Tech , any experiences?
LMFAOOOOOO
Still OPI have about £10,000 which I would have used to mine.But now I'm thinking about buying outright and having a diverse portfolio.
30% BTC, 30% ETH, 20% XMR, 10% IOTA, 5% STX and 5% ARK.Or you know grow some balls and build 3 RX Vega 56 rigs to mine XMR.