Anyone bought this?
Looks young, product is done already and next gen are coming out next year.
Team lacks a little bit, but overall it's pretty gud.32m$ Market Cap, 17m Circulating Supply, 27m Total Supply.I have a funny feeling guys.
Even if it 10x Market cap comes to low tier-top 25.
Bump
You call this a "lacking team"?
Advisor - Heinrich Zetlmayer who was IBM's head of Supply Chain and Operations ServicesCo-Founder Pascal Degen, - was head of logistics at Novartis AGThomas Bocek - Head of P2P and Distributed computing at the University of ZurichCEO Simon - Ex Sr.
Product Manager at GoPro and previously CEO of Skybotix, which was purchased by GoPro.
I wouldn't neccessarily say this team lacks.
So, what's your take on this?
You holding for next few months?
They are going live Q1, ready to manufacture and generate an actual revenue stream.
Their tokens will actually pay dividends to their holders in ETH.
I bought this with the plan of flipping in a few months, but this might actually be one of the most legit ICO's of this year and may hold for over a year.
$50-100 eoy 2018 is not really out of the question here.
They have a working product that has been patented and are going to be one of the first to market.
Keep in mind the market that they are targeting has recently seen regulations from the EU and the companies within it are going to be REQUIRED to have MOD or a solution like it.
I just see no point in looking for these monthly 3 or 4x moon missions when I can just sit on my ass and watch my money work for me instead.
How much you bought and when?
I accumulated about 1.1k shares while it fluctuated between 1.40 and 1.70.
Don't think I'll see it back down there again.
Wish I listened to my instincts and bough it when it was .80
Nice, I don't see how this is not going up.
I'd say if this had 230m Market Cap.. but this is just really too good to miss on I believe.
People are still not understanding why dividends are a good thing, and that the company + "shareholders" are owning 30% of the token supply.They want a high token price, and the best way is a good dividend.
It's more money to them to see a 10$ coin than keeping 5 millions in their pocket.It'll have its pump some day, it could happen anytime, like when they release the name of the customers (NDA for now because final contracts are not signed) or before the first dividends in one year.I'm just holding and waiting, I'd rather have a 99% sure gainer than risk my shit on projects living just on hype.
I don't have a lot of money, otherwise I would have bought another few thousand shares.
I really believe a lot in this.
Some crypto's are "projects" but this is pretty much a product at this point in the grand scheme of things.
Do your research anon, but I personally believe this will be a very important crypto in 2018.
Eh WaBi and ShipChain look like better supply chain coins.
I am def interested in Modum though.
I have a buy order about 15% lower than where it is now
https://modulum.io
If you think they are better, you would parlay your MOD gains into them since ShipChain isn't rolling out it's pilot with 1 company until Q1 2018 which is the time when Modum will be signing customers, not pilot companies to validate their product.
1 year in that space can equate to multiple millions of dollars in first-to-market year over year revenue.
These guys are fucking high if they think they aren't going to see some kind of legal backlash for that name....
>woman on the teamABORT ABORT ABORT
wabikek did you do a bit of research ?>presale with 85% discount, they're locked for 3 months but then will be allowed to dump like crazy>they have nothing except some seller account on a website that sold 1'000 baby bottles in 2 years and that's it>customers of wabi can use fiat to use the product, the token is only giving them a small discount or special offersI didn't look into shipcoin though.
really?