Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
Pretty good kek, needs more poo poo.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the emergency room at the Mayo Clinic.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
This one is pretty bad
>ruby>go
I heard the lead dev was fat.
You should not invest in this one OP.
I heard that the lead dev didn't really know anyone from Swift and all the other companies.
I heard he was lying.
(T-This is t-true, r-r-right g-guys?)
I think it is time we seriously look into charging Sergay and Rory with fraud.
The lack of updates suggest no work is being done.
They had no team.
This most likely is a huge criminal en-devour.
Also look at the evidence.
At the last conference it was obvious that Sergay used the 33 million he stole from us to buy twinkies.
At least when they go to arrest him he can't run away.
I agree.
I know someone who owns Berkshire stock and they tweet updates every day to investors....

Berkshire is registered in the Caymans.>Berkshire by law has to report financials on a quarterly basis.>Berkshire took 32 million dollars without any obligation to stake holders.>An ERC 20 toiletcoin flushed down the drain is in any way similar to Berkshire.
I am saying it is fucking crazy that all these 15 year old kids expect daily tweets and slack messages about what the devs fucking ate for lunch.
For fucks sake people get a life and quit expecting these companies to talk directly to you every day.
Are these people for real?
I think there is a healthy middle ground between “daily updates we moon when?” And what the team is doing.
They haven’t been very professional.
They crowdsourced 32 million dollars.
People took a risk on them.
The “announcements” are unstructured and imprecise.
What exactly do you expect them to announce and on what frequency.
I am just curious.
Did they state during investment rounds how the communication would occur and on what frequency?
What exactly is the issue with Link?
Please explain how these guys talking with Swift have not been professional?
Just curious.
lmfao, thanks OP.
Fuck you