Fellow linkers I want to ask:- When is the main net getting released?
Any info?
If not, any estimate date of delivery?- I would like to run a node, should I start working on it now or just wait until the thing ackchually works?- Did anyone here already went through the node setup?
Is running it on a VM enough?
Wouldn't be better to run it on bare metal?
running a node means you will have data that people will want to pay for.
what data do you possess
Tons of memes.Also I'm pretty sure that's not how it works.I forgot to ask: what ports do you need to open?
It's exactly how it works.
The node connects to an API or data source and that information becomes available to the blockchain.
It's why they want to be get companies with valuable data on board because it increases the value of the network by having that information be available.
There is literally no reason to run a node unless you have some information to offer.
I went through Thomas' instructions on the VPS setup.
It worked..mostly.
I have issues with geth spiking more cpu consumption than the specs say it should.
Not sure why.
But supposedly the current tutorial of using one machine to operate the node won't be suffficient once the system is live.
You'll need to offload api adapters to separate machines.
Would probably be preferable to go VPS route unless you have a high end setup with a generator in case of power outage because you will be fucked if your node goes down during operation.
Much better to let someone else be responsible for the hardware
the APIs are going to be available online for that stuff m8don't know why you people don't think regular people wont be able to run nodes
yeah, anyone can setup an API adapter, you just need to be given permission by the data provider.
It might cost something, though, so there seems to be some risk or complication involved for the operator.
Obv you take the cost into consideration when bidding on a contract, but it does create some complexity to the process
Your pc will be connected to the servers that has all that data.
Imagine if I provide my own data and cat throw any random shit at it.
Kek.About the outage thing I think you get higher priority if your uptime is high but now that you mention it I wonder what happens if something happens with your setup during an operation.How can I contact the CL dev team to ask about this?
I would assume it gives that operation to the next available node but I have no idea honestly.
slack
What kind of hardware is it going to take and how much could it cost??
node operator channel on slackWell, I think that since there will be many nodes pulling from the same data source as you, if you drop out, the rest of the nodes will continue without disruption.
But I think uptime will be one of the most critical factors.
I expect that if you go down during operation, you won't get a second chance.
So these nodes will have to run 24/7
I expect that if you go down during operation, you won't get a second chance.That would be to harsh.Can you link me the LINK slack chat?
I think you can get an invite to the slack channel from rory if you contact from the smartcontract website
I live in an area that will lose power a few times a year; don't want that to be a concern.
Any ideas for working around this?