
ASIA is sending this to triple dgits TONIGHT.BCH round 2, get the fuckkkk in
wtf is this motherfucker mooning?
Sold my ltc earlier today to get some bch.
I’m not going to make it, never.Time to LDAR
sell order rdy at 100 usd
post proof or stfu
$100 will be the new floor before the year ends.
HAHHA AND ALL THE FAGGOTS LAST NIGHT CALLED US RETARDED FOR THINKING LTC WOULD MOON HAHAHAHAHAHA.
When /biz/ is gushing about a coin, avoid at all costs.
When /biz/ is FUDing hard about a coin, it's time to buy.
fuck i sold at 66, made money but FUCK
https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite/status/931278384864288768
set your sell orders at 198
Watching the chart like a hawk.
When do we sell lads?
What's a good stop loss and how high will this peak be?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jI6iAa-cC0Thread theme
 ltc> sellMY SIDES CANT CONTAIN IT ANY LONGER
Dont miss the moon mission join now
$85
Anon it's a pnd.
When do we dump?
post yfw you have a shitload of LTC
just sold all my litecoin for NEOlmao@me
Only have 10 but these gains are going to make life a whole lot better for me

mooning is over you can leave now

when you say $85 and your digits are 85
Why is it mooning though?
Don't see a lot of buy support, prob correction to 62$
Failure.
LTC is shit
it's losing steam.
Should i sell?
Digits confirm.
To the moon we go
going to $100 by Friday midnight est.
Screencap this
time to buy REQ too ?
thats what it means u bag of pajeet shit
Hold you fucking ADD niggers
yes
https://twitter.com/lightning/status/931277111490265088
Good for Charlie Lee .
Rather see him get good news than Ripple / Verrrrrrrrrrr / etc.
https://twitter.com/lightning/status/931277111490265088Oh cool, thanks for the update
and just like thatin a matter of minutes the pump subsidesThank God I didn't FOMO
I was so close at 68
Kek, wait until it hits 90 by tomorrow.
well i was late to the party as usuali was going to buy at .095 then i opted out
Thinking its overYou fucking ADD nigger you need to think more than just 5 minutes ahead
LMC mooning tomorrow through saturdaythose gains will be juicier than a 30% upside potential on a bloated copycoin
Add a zero boys, this shit is hitting 800 and taking us to Mars
Honesty prob wnna sell nowIve been pretty good at timing ltc.Hint: its always disappointing
800i wish it were true
Triple dipped at 70... Meme triangle... wtf does this MEAN!!!!!?????
it will happen.
1/10th of bitcoin price is the only thing that makes sense.
It's basically arbitrage
EOY?
then why isnt it in the upper 70s?
Buy the dip
be patient
It's been accumulated and suppressed all these very years for this very moment.
more people trying to daytrade the 5 dollar swings than are rushing in to buy lol.
eventually it will get back to 80 tho
i did, sitting on 12 :)
This isn't mooning.
Wake me up when it's 
truth
Buy now, the dip is just people looking to make a quick few dollars per coinWhen the chinks wake up it'll take off again
trips of truth
It did shoot up from 64 to 72 in a few minutes, but then it sold off to 68 and is sitting there now.
BTC over 8,000 on bithumb now!
Almost back up to 70 now
Thoughts on if LTC will continue to rise?
Analysis?
I'm scared
Shh just cum
sit tight, if you haven't bought in yet I wouldn't recommend, be patient.
we're not at the actual breakout yet.
scaredWhy?
?If you buy between $50 and $100 you are ok ... one of the safer holds in crypto
look at the ratio between BTC and LTC.
If BTC continues to rise LTC will hit 100 before christmas.
You might be able to sell some at 75 and try and get back in at 66 or something but Im just going to hold cuz Id rather just keep my shit in storage.
Because BCH gave me PTSD
On most of the candles we're either still bearish or no trend, we're getting close to a TK cross on the four hour candles and if it occurs above the cloud that's a strong indicator that'll we'll be flipping to bullish trend.
TK cross coincidently occurred on the 12 hr candles but that's still in bearish territory.
Ok. Bought at 72 dollars.
Waiting for the real flippening now.
this group called that it would moon too and they make killer callst.me/pumpandtrump on telegram
4402902
Weekly pennant and golden crossover confirmed
I hold BTC, LTC, VTC and will happily watch all of their values moon as Lightning Network gets deployed
Here we go boys, boosters primed, second stage engaged.
Feels fuckin' comfy
Also buy decred thank me later
is it too late to get in on the moon mission for ltc?
Sorry but it's not gonna be that much.
No itll hit 150$
We're back boys
Nigger was it too late to get in bch when it was ar 900?
Get in here you fucking faggot or we’re leaving without you.
Get in here and bring those kneepads RIGHT NOW
not if you are holding long enough for 250
here we gooooooooooooooooooooooo, say hi to Mr Aldrin while ur in orbit cuz
Kumo breakout on 15 minute candles, let's see if the 30 min and 1 hr candles fold as well.
Signs of good times.
I have 21
SOMEONE WAKE KOREA THE FUCK UP
.34 here.
Let’s do this papi
 AM IN KOREA THE GOOKS ARE UNZIPPING THOSE WALLETS AND GETTING READY TO PUMP THIS BITCH ALSO NICE DUBZ
 here.I'm counting on 100-120 USD.
I'm hoping to make enough to buy my ass a new laptop
Just bumped myself up to 14 LTC when it hit 68 by selling off some shitcoins lets go boys
HYPE
clear double top here, short for maximum profits
Just found out my ex-employer stole my BTC and LTC... 140 LTC, if anyone is doing well and can help me get back in?
I bought in at 26 :/ LTwTQERsmCMky1Mtdph6nRiU5X7wsqG3B9
i bought in at 906, any chance well see 940 again tonight?
If we hit 940 tonight w/ good volume we're going well beyond that.
bullflagging at the moment.
Will conclude in about 30min from now.
We'll go onto stage 2 moon mission then.
this shit NEEDS to get to 90.
Litecoin by default is most traded coin across exchanges for fast delivery, this update and BCH's failings just make it worth at least double.
New ATH when?
probably less than 24 hours.
would be shocked if it took longer than 72 hrs for the fiat ath
This is huge news and BTC is at ATH and pumping.
Everything is going to have a hard time rallying.
You know the day will come soon when the whole of coinmarketcap is in the green, and LTC will be the coin @ +60%.
Bought in at 70.
Chasing the pump like a true /biznessman/
i got in at 88, i hope im not too late
You sol... wait a minute, you fucking sold your fucking LTC???
YOU HAD ONE JOB TO DO, just Hodl, fuck fuck fuck is it that hard?
I'm so foncused right now.
Like, I want to sell because I bought into this /situation/ at 0.00886005 due to it looking like a bullflag, but does anyone else think that?
The volume is great, the macd line looks great, but then the orderbook looks TERRIBLE.
What do I do?
give it half a day or so, BTC is rallying.
Look at coinmarketcap.
Everything is in the red.
This piece of shit is almost as old as BTC and can't even reach $100.
Why do people have so much confidence in LTC?> t. newfag
Looks like I missed another 4 hour litecoin peak.
See yall in 3 months.
from a fundamental pov, atomic swaps w/ btc truly establish a silver to gold relationship and will offer a scaling solution from ta, there's a ton of signs from multiple perspectives showing this getting ready to breakout
o/