>thinks money is only for getting more money>the culmination of this cycle is the purchase of a Lamborghini and a big house - and then you're done.. no wait, maybe you should get more money for the sake of having more moneyIt makes me chuckle how small-minded you normie sheeple are.
You don't even deserve money.
It sickens me that a whole generation of you assholes is now rich because of cryptos.I'm a Rothschild-type of person, sophisticated and creative.
A Rothsoul.
The thing you're supposed to do with money is indulge yourself in luxury and sophistication that is beyond the reach of normal people.
That doesn't only tell others you're rich - you're above them as a life form.When you get rich, start browsing Christies and Liveauctioneers daily and get all your stuff from there.
Collectible art and antiques is what big boys do with their time and money.
Old master paintings that cost 15 million.
Try decorating a whole mansion with those.
Or several mansions.
just bought 100k
Did you think this would be funny to post?
4463447You guys live for rent in studio apartments, eat mac&cheese and think that buying digital numbers on your computer boxes makes you wealthy.
spaghetti* but your point stands.
I am an indigo child and I'm operating on another wavelength that you normies will never be able to experience> just bought another 100k unironically
digital numbers on your computer boxes makes you wealthy.yeah kid thats actually how it works, oh wait did you actually think rich people have vaults in their house full of gold coins that they swim in?
HAHAHA holy fuck what a retard
i just want hawaiian punch in a drinking fountain
I live in the room I grew up in at mommy and daddy's house thank you very much.
boxesboxen nigger.
Fuck you Reptillian Alien scum
He doesn't want his personal dick sucking assistant near him 24/24
You will never escape the sinking sensation that life truly and fundamentally lacks any purpose.
Every goal you set yourself, is arbitrary.
Every vapid social interaction grows stale and weary as with every success at impressing someone, sleeping with someone, or making someone like you, your own estimation of that person is lowered.You find yourself in an endless spiral to complete and utter paralytic hopelessness as you search for another distraction, someone to 'connect' with, someone to respect or admire, only to realise that all your deepest emotional experiences are locked away in your brain and will die with you.So you inevitably self medicate with a variety of different drugs to shut down your brain because you were cursed with too much self awareness too simply switch off and enjoy life.
This is your fate.
This is the course of immense luxury.
every success at impressing someone, sleeping with someone, or making someone like youI don't care about impressing anyone, and I don't get to sleep with anyone or get anyone to like me.So I kind of have less to begin with, and to lose in the end.
And in that way, I sort of win.
In the end, you die.
This is why I'm going for a legacy!
i just want to escape wageslaving, is it that much to ask for?
Just get a more fulfilling job, like research or something.
I just want money to do whatever I want and be a chooser if I get filthy rich.But honestly, if I had $30k and a flat I could be picky about the jobs I take, I could go to a trip whenever I want, I could spend a few months being creative, I could give my oldman some money.I also dont get why ppl want big houses and lambos.
Perhaps, if you are filthy rich, buying a lambo is just like buying an in-game weapon skin or smt like that: you know it is completely unnecessary, but it is dirt cheap, so why not
 a more fulfilling jobThere's no such thing you fucking faggot.
It's all a bunch of bullshit.
The only way we're gonna make it is if we have a few mil or more to stop wagecucking.
Trust me, if I didn't have to work 50-60 hours a week just to fucking survive my man, had all of my basics taken care of (food, shelter, clothing, access to money whenever, etc.
etc.
), I could work on repairing or fixing the things in my life that have been broken a long time.
I could afford to follow my dreams and have the financial backing needed to do so.
Fuck you.
You don't know what it's like to be poor.
Collectible art and antiques is what faggots do with their time and money.Fixed it for you.
So you're saying you identify as a rothschild?
Like your trans-old money or something?
Honestly I'd rather put a 6 ft lift on my monster truck instead of go shopping for antiques.
It drops way mroe panties.
4463907although having a well developed garden is a worthwhile goal
you're above them as a life formall your expensive art pieces, castles and homeland... even you, anon... it all turns to dust in the end.
in a few billions of years, it will be as if this earth never existed.
the only purpose of getting rich, is so you can afford the time to spare contemplating about existence, which will bring you to the realization that you are nothing but dust.
that lambo will eventually turn to dust and then return to the earth as iron oxide.
as the tectonic plates crack open and the core of this planet expodes into space, nothing will be left of it.
all your desires are insignificant, in the grand scheme of things.
that knowledge is the only valuable achievement you will ever acomplish in thie existence.
looks like a templar castle.
look at this post.
"im better than you""im rich and your scum""im so important now"
yes
New money thinking they are old money.Please stop posting.
actually believes elite people live in castles >house of your lord jacob personally
The goal is to escape wagecuckery.
My parents, my grandparents all lived just to throw away half their days in monotone work.
There was no way out.With crypto the cycle can be broken, not just for my family, but to make people realize there is more than mindlessly droning until you are too old to have an impact in life.
I want money so that I and my gf can open the largest animal shelter in the world.It's probably real dumb for most people but it's what we would do had we had the chance to do it.
getting money + redistribute it + getting money + redistribute it.
would be an interesting game
You're a little piece of irrelevant shit, you squander your wealth on pointless retardation and social signaling during the most interesting and abundant with opportunities era of all time.You could literally self-fund anti-aging tech on your own, and what are you doing ?
Funding degenerates to crap on a canvas.Bravo m8
buying things means other people are wagecucking for you
a generation of 20yo men who think they need "a few mil" to have a normal, fulfilling lifeI feel bad for you, but that's not the answer.
What are you gonna do when you don't have to go to work anymore?
Sit around in your apartment wanking and watching anime?It gets old pretty fast and then you're looking for new hobbies.
After hobbies you want something bigger, something to dedicate your life to.
A big project that makes your life seem worth living.You find something like nuclear physics and you set a goal for yourself: you want to invent new physics.
But where could you start your journey?
In school.
And what comes after that?
A job.
Eventually you end up getting a job, and it's up to you if it's endless slavework or just fun that you're getting paid to do.
t. Boomer
no the goal in life is to by a lambo and thats it
 I'm a Rothschild-type of person, sophisticated and creativeSounds like you’re coming out of the closet fairy
I also dont get why ppl want big houses and lambos.
Perhaps, if you are filthy rich, buying a lambo is just like buying an in-game weapon skin or smt like that: you know it is completely unnecessary, but it is dirt cheap, so why notYes, that is exactly why people talk of making it and getting a lambo.
Its not the lambo that's making it, its getting so much money that you can throw that amount away at an overvalued vehicle and not even blink.
the average age of the posters in this thread has to be 16
But honestly, if I had $30k and a flat I could be picky about the jobs I take, I could go to a trip whenever I want, I could spend a few months being creative, I could give my oldman some money30 grand is not that much anon
Some of us don't have the time or the money to dedicate to becoming good at something we actually like.Some of us have been trapped by the university meme into professions we hate, that we had to decide on essentially when we were very young and naive about what the profession was.Some of us specifically want to get rich just so we have the opportunity to see what were even interested in if money was no object.I literally don't even know what that is.
But I want to find out.
Some of us have been trapped by the university meme into professions we hate, that we had to decide on essentially when we were very young and naive And now you force peer-pressure on others that haven't done the same, I assume.I'm 30yo, single, still without profession.
I have no education of any kind and I just chill at home posting on 4chan, buying shitcoins.
(And no, I'm not rich, I'm living off welfare like the shit that I am)Guess what normal people have to say about this?
"Go to school, get a job, get a wife, HAHA you still haven't graduated LOL?
"Yeah, and I've always known you guys hate your life too.
I hate architecture like this.
Even down to how they did nothing to the landscaping.
It's all about fitting in with nature and having a light carbon footprint.
At least the house in OP's pic is about making nature your bitch/recreating it in an aesthetically civilized manner.
so you are a loser, and totaly fine with it.
Most people want to earn some recognition in the world, anon.