This is the dip, get in now.
Second stage engines were fueling, trans-lunar insertion burn is go
I'm fucking freaking cause coinmama stills needs to confirm my ID.
GIVE ME MY XMR NOW!
Monero price growth is amazing.
Moons, pulls back a bit with high levels of support, continues on.
That's a very good sign.
I really think it's going to $200+ in the next few days.
I don't know how far from there before it corrects to its new floor, but it will be above $200
Once i get enough BTC can i use something like changelly to get XMR?
sorry new
I definitely reckon $200 within a week and I reckon we'll go past it, maybe going $230ish.Especially with bitcoin cash/btc now, people will be using Monero to hedge, and also using it to put their profits.
I'm surprised its even dipped this far.
Wish i could put in more right now.
Never selling this gem
Get an account on binance, Bittrex or whatever shitcoin exchange, send btc and swap.
Never used changelly but shapeshift is similar and I don’t like it as much as a proper exchange.
Still waiting on coinmama to verify my account, think i will have enough time for a huge spike happens?
Don't know how long that will take, but you might have a few hours before the Asian markets wake up and see Monero.
They bought it up to $175 last night, and the BTC is starting its retracement.
It might go as low as $6k, and that will have the new weak hands fleeing to alts
Should be verified by 2am EST
also mining some but i'm barely at .1 XMR
That will probably be when it's been pumped a bit, so if you have the FOMO, buy a little as soon as you can, then wait for a dip to jump in more
Agree, the BCH push is going to cause contractions in both ETH and XMR.
Get a little now if you must but buy the discount both will return to ATH.
I think people are going to buy XMR with some BCH profits
long term holdwe goiung to 121 before 200
Shhhhhhhhhhhhh
Yup
>tfw Poorfag>tfw only 7 XMRJUST
Xmr only, nothing else matters
OP you unironically convinced me to buy 10 BTC worth of Monero.
Just posted a thread about it actually.
Also I'm buying this:https://hodlmoon.com/product/monero-sweater/LETS DO THIS
why the fuck are you using coinmama?
use binance or bittrex
Should I use my Eth profits to buy XMR or NEO?
Im a noob if i buy btc right now to get into monero and then btc goes down then i wont make any profiti dont have the free money from getting in btc early
 is better than none young anon
just sold 500 btcash and buying xmr with it now.
good luck with your trades guys
I'd rather hold XMR than NEO right now, coming from someone who once held 450 NEO
If you buy bitcoin and straight away move it to monero, you won't lose anything.
Bitcoin might dip 0.1% or something in the time it takes to convert, but you're not going to be losing 5% or anything like that.
Using coinmama to buy BTC with USD, i dont know how to do on binance please direct me how to
I have some money ready to buy but I'm not touching this above $130.
Waiting a bit more.
A FOMO will happen with one of the big coins that will pull this back to $125.
Bit coin "might" dip pretty bad soon, right?
So if btc goes down then monero goes down too, right?
So I went in at the peak and i lose money.
thats what i was trying to say.
Just did
When Bitcoin collapses, Monero and Dash will rise from the ashes as the supreme leaders.
dash
Explain to my why this will moon in the next week.
see you monkies in space
bch collapsing, all the pnd money flowing back into alts like monero when they see it's a safe haven against the hyperpolitical cryptosphere
He thinks Bitcoin Cash's usurping BTC is a pump and dump
bch collapsingIrrelevant.
So you have no valid reason?
What are the pros/cons?
It probably won't but it'll moon like nothing you've ever seen when all the pieces are in place.
you are such a fucking pajeetpajeet radar going off hard herefuck you faggot
Monero PnD a few days ago, money went into BCH, Monday BCH will dump and we will buy Bitcoin at a lower price.
You missed the Monero dump OP and are now trying to get rid of bags.
So if btc goes down then monero goes down too, rightSaid who?
Bitcoin and monero tend to have a opposite correlation.
Bitcoin going down barely affects Monero, hence why it's smart to hedge yourself with Monero.Just buy some man, you're not losing anything with bitcoin moving.
It better moon soon.
Eth or XMR?
?Which do I pick
Yeah bro, definitely a pajeet!
I'm not 100% white from Australia or anything!
!Fuck off you no coiner.
I've been telling this board since $80 to get onto Monero, and it's not stopping.
$200 is extremely realistic.
Just sit back with your bitcoin 'gains' while BCH fucks you over xx
My memelines think a return to bottom macro trend line, I'm rebuying lower.
Sold in the 2000s
Tf no pic
Monero PnD a few days ago, money went into BCH, Monday BCH will dump and we will buy Bitcoin at a lower price.
You missed the Monero dump OP and are now trying to get rid of bags.
bump
Monero>PnDnot how it works.
In on both BCH and XMR, monero hasn't finished.
You missed the Monero dump OP and are now trying to get rid of bags.you are confusing monero with xvg retard