how many needed to make it?
100k
50k
no chain link posts until the drama is done on the bitcoin scene please.
Also you really only need about 10 chain link to make it.
Consider this, the year is 2024, super computers weren't installed in every city.
Instead we rely chain link to be the greatest oracle ever.
1 chainlink =5btcscreen cap this
k LINK = $40,000 USD soon
K is confirmed millionaire tier.
Anything below is questionable.
If you want to make it you don't have any of this coin.
t. 100k holdert.
50k holder
I averaged down to 32c and now hold 3.3k LINKWish LINK pumped so that I can feel easy about day-trading it
I have 3k and I think I'm going to make it
In 3 years LINK will be work $200 per LINK.
50K holder here.
After taxes/ tiething/ and CPA fees I'll be sitting face and retired at $6.5 million dollars.
Say I wait for 5 years when LINK makes ETH Level gains and its $350+/LINK.
Well you gwt the idea.
We're all gonna make it lads.
Auto correct clowned me on hard.t.
Grammar Nazi
lol
tfw if you're right I won't even be a millionaire from LINK.
Do what it takes to buy more now.
This past week I sold most of my old vidya to put into this.
Go the extra mile.
You'll make it.
The thing is, I do believe in the project long term, but I also want to diversify into some coins that have short-term potential.
Having to wait a minimum of 1 year to see decent gains is a little off putting.
Having to wait a minimum of 1 year to see decent gains is a little off putting.the millennial generation
No brother.
You'l just have to hodl abot longer.
But you WILL make it!
How many you got?
I agred, doing that aswell.
Im in LMC/ODN as they have their working products coming out soon and are at a low price.
Kind of counting on them mooning before Link does.
Your in the wrong game kid.
no the one you talked to but I only have 300 Link.If I have some money over at the end of the month I try to reach 1000.
don't worry,you'll have the entire 2018 to accumulate.
we're all gonna make it!!!!!!!
I hope grammar's not your game otherwise you're in the wrong game.
cant make it with link
So.... if banks started using LINK to move trillions of dollars worth of currency around per year through international banks and shit...
In that scenario, could LINK conceivably hit over $1000/LINK?
I'm thinking like 10 years out.
I guess not because if it became that expensive... but then again link can be divided down to 18 decimal places.............
all you faggots will make it if you just DON'T SELL
You forgot this is crypto, not stocks.
Just go back to stocks if you can't bear the volatility.
I didn't forget shit, been holding this since etherdelta
No because they will get link for free but after this btc/bch shit show no bank will want to ever touch it anyway
It's time to sell those scamcoin LINKs though.
stupidnessretardedness
4K linker here.I plan to buy more with my bch gains!
Boy, fucking LINK is possibly my worst and most frustrating investment ever to be made by my hands.
I just hate it how this retarded shit coin just can't hold a decent level after any given increase or pump and literally just fucking bleeds EVERY TIME BACK TO BASE VALUE.
But whatever, I keep holding my 51k shit until it does something.
My luck is that I did 50% all in a few days ago and bought 810 ETC, which mitigates every loss I made with my other shitcoins and makes holding much comfier.
Still unbelievable how shitty a coin can performance with that much billion dollar industry/company partnering and backing.
It's like having a bad dream and just not waking up from it because it's a cruel joke of the markets/universe in general.
That's pretty funny m8, you don't even understand that blockchain isn't even about bitcoin and never was, do you?
Amen fellow Hyrulian.
Keep striving!This man gets it.
Bro, NOT trillons of dollars per yearTRILLIONS OF DOLLARS PER DAYWe are talking QUADRILLIONS per year