>tfw rich enough to live anywhere>dont know where to goplease help bizmen i narrowed it down to a few cities where would you go out of this listToronto ( Home)New YorkLos AngelesTokyoMiamiBuenos AiresMilanParisLondon
>not living in the woods with little interaction with the outside world.>wanting to live in New York, Paris or London.Disgusting.
I'm in Toronto and I've been to Miami.
I don't like cities but of the places you listed I would go to Miami.
You will enjoy the change in scenery there.
Toronto is like the New York of Canada so I don't know why you would bother, and most of those cities are shit holes.
Don't know anything about Buenos Aires and Milan though.
shittiest taste in places to live
>TorontoToo many feminists and SJWs>New YorkToo many Jews>Los AngelesToo many latinos and commies>MiamiToo many alligators and pythons>MilanToo many rapefugees and Luigis>ParisToo many blacks and Muslims>LondonToo many blacks and Muslims>Buenos AiresToo dirty>TokyoToo cleanMove to Prague.
Anywhere in Norway or Sweden
Fuck irritating people and cities.
I live outside a small town which is in turn just outside of a major city.
You can have all the benefits of having a major city nearby but still live in peace
Geneva
Just move to Russia/Ukraine and be a king
Tokyo>too cleanThat's bad?
Sign me up
I live in Milan, the city is nice and if you like to party every fucking night you'll be very happy.
The main square is beautiful and full of people just going around shopping and chatting.I dunno, I really like Milan but probably I'd chose LA or Miami.
Singapore > TokyoEnglish is a huge bonus too
Clean is boring, dirty is dangerous.
seriously, what is this mental illness of wanting to live among trashy streets, traffic and smog ?
Get nuked on
Split, Croatia.
Just the right size, on Adriatic coast.
Google it
Dude go to live in Turin in Italy.
Up in the hills on the other side of the river.
Snowboarding and skiing close by, really nice beaches close by, best food in the world all around you.
Tokyo is not too clean.
I've lived there.It's clean though, but not like singapore, that shit is too clean for sure
I like phoenix.Milf capital of the usa and has the hottest college girls.
Weather is also thr best except for like 3months over the summer it gets too hot
This is bait right guys?Northern ItalyPragueRural FranceTexas
Yes goy Sweden is the gold standard for progress and inclusion
Vienna
New Yorknothing but niggers and crime>Los Angelesglorified ghetto full of spics and chinks>Tokyodecent choice if you dig chink culture and all that I guess>Miamifull of niggers, spics and coal burning whores>Buenos Aires3rd world dump >Milanfull of whiny Italians, begging gypsies, niggers and rapefugees>Parisabsolute trash, full of niggers, rapefugees and ISIS>Londonsee remarks: Parisexcept for Tokyo, those are literal shit tier choices.
I made this mistake once, never again>live in small town>make some smart crypto investments>find some remote programming gigs>suddenly have enough income to live in a big city>move to big city>smoggy as shit>loud as shit>smelly as shit>can't save money for shitOnce my apartment lease expires I'm moving somewhere quieter and cheaper again.
Carmel, Indiana nice suburb outside of Indianapolis the 11th largest city in the US.
This.
Once I get enough dough, I'm going to russia and I will fuck some whores and buy a small flat there.
I live in Scandinavia so I will have a small place in Russia where I can get down on all the Vodka and Russians I want half the year
Come live here, in the Philippines, anon, Manila, the most dense metropolitan area in the world per square meter, also where druggies are shot left and right, duterte as unleashed hell the past few months,where corruption is rampant, where we live in cramped slum areas with neon lights everywhere or in comfy subdivisions.Basically, it's very cyberpunk.
How white is Arizona these days Anon?
Have experience with a few of these cities, I'll chime in....On a global scale, New York is a boring meme city.
Way better places out there if you can truly afford to live anywhere.
Not a bad place by any means, but its not the exciting place it once was back in the 90's and early 2000's.
Manhattan especially has turned into one big sterile Midwestern shopping mall.
If you like streets spammed with cup cake bakeries, Walgreens and post-modernist art galleries, then sure, you might like NYC.
Otherwise, pass.Miami.
I lived there for three years.
Do NOT do it.
It is a third world slum, literally looks like you are in Haiti or Cuba in many parts of the city.
If you do choose to live in Miami, youd be narrowed down to a select few small places like Brickell, Coral Gables, Coconut Grove, Aventura or South Beach- many of which are all overbuilt ghost towns and ALL are surrounded by filth, squalor and desperation.
People there are also incredible douchbags and next to NOBODY speaks English, the city is literally 80% FOB Latinos and no thats not an exaggeration.
You are going to be a fish out of water.
Be careful of Florida in general though, especially South Florida, the place is filled with former criminals, drug dealers and addicts, con artists and is just overall ghetto as fuck.
Tokyo is one of the better ones on your list.
The place is fun, clean, very safe and locals are friendly.
However be warned that you will never fit in there and will always be a stranger in a foreign land no matter what.
You will also be banned from many establishments based on your race or ethnicity and it is perfectly legal and there is nothing you can do about it.
However overall it is the better ones on your list, yet to enjoy like I did you really have to be into Japanese culture and the like (no, not Weeb anime shit, these people are the ones who usually end up being dissapointed).
I have a heavy bias towards Asian cities, so keep that in mind.contd
Come to Italy man, it's pretty nice.
move to Thailand>not expensive>good internet>good weather>nice beaches>nice bitches>great ladyboys
nationalist telling others to move
This
Budapest is amazing and the cost of living is so cheap that you can just vacation away the dreary winter months.Anywhere in Switzerland is amazing as long as you stay close to the cities.
People saying it's too safe and boring are full of shit but there is a systematic way of life there that you must adapt to if you want to thrive.
It's also the literal centre of the modern world.
It's the most ideal HQ If you like travelling lots
Shit choicesCiechocinek in Poland is what you looking for
yeah man, Thailand looks like the fucking beez kneez.
Really, Japan, Thailand or Vietnam sound daftbh
you Italians are fucking whiners.
And your government is incompetent and corrupt.
Your economy is ruined, and your country is overrun with mudslimes, niggers and rapefugees.
PASS
Los Angeles.
I was in LA for about a year and a half.
Similiar to Miami, though maybe not as bad, it is giant slum.
Again, you will be limited to a few places like Santa Monica, Beverly Hills, some parts of Hollywood or like mega rich super isolated enclaves like Bel-Aire or some shit way up in the hills.
Maybe up and coming "trendy" meme places like Venice Beach, Studio City or Downtown, again though all surrounded by or infused with squalor.
The nicer places IMO tend to be boring and no different than living in a giant suburb, real snooze fest, everything closes early, not a lot activity, etc.
Do not look at LA as a big city, it is in reality a giant collection of small suburbs and towns that grew into each other and it shows.
A car is an absolute must and you will be driving to get everywhere and anywhere, often sitting in traffic for 2 hours just to get 10 miles,and dodging parking tickets and meter maids like bullets in the Matrix.
This makes getting around the city a pain in the ass and exhausting and will limit your entertainment options over time.
The place is also a giant slum and most of the area is off limits for someone who does not known the place.
East LA, Inglewood, South Central and just overall blighted shithole neighborhoods with burglar bars on the windows dominate the landscape.
HOWEVER, San Diego is definitely worth a look if you MUST live in SoCal, otherwise I'd pass on California or while were at it, the entire fucking US unless it is related to work.
Our cities were meant to be working machines, not leisure paradises.
Cities in the US fucking suck.
The only exception to the "no US" rule is Hawaii.
IMO it is a fantastic place with super friendly people and laid back culture, but maybe a bit too rustic for someone like yourself, and island fever can get to you after a while.Paris and London are giant slums these days.
15-20 years ago, sure, go for it, now they are fucking god awful shitholes.
Why not just live for a year in each?
The Finnish south western archipelago.
Easy enough to get into bigger cities, doesn't take long.
You can even go by sea.
This person is trying to trick you, OP.
Do not listen to them.
Live in Yogyakarta, Indonesia as a base.
You can get a killer house for $3,000 USD for the YEAR....then simply visit Japan, but hell, Osaka / Kobe + Kansai region are infinitely more interesting IMO.
Trek around the S.E.
Indonesia, Malaysia, Burma, Thailand, etc.
Super cheap, and can live like a king.e-mail me if you want more info.
i can help you in Asia, if you wish.
i have the spread on rock n' roll, and whatever else you may want.
;) imacrackedmachine@outlook.com
Toronto ( Home)>New York>Los Angeles>Tokyo>Miami>Buenos Aires>Milan>Paris>Londongood god man I would hate living in all those places.
although if I had to choose I would say miami due to the weather, ocean, golf, etc etc
BostonSeattleAustinSan AntonioDenverBoulderEtc.
Are all fine American cities.
Yeah of course LA, Chicago, and NY and other meme cities suck, don't mean the US got nothing to offer.
However, yes the whole everything closing at 2AM and the necessity of a driver rapes nightlife culture here.
Jesus OP get out of the city if you can.
City life makes you fucking retarded.
Took me 30 years to realize this.
You sound young, so save yourself some time and get a cheap huge place somewhere next to nature instead.
Assuming you got the money for it for real, northern Italy, especially the lakes, are as close to paradise on Earth as you can get I think (and no, you don't have to live right on the waterside).
If you want my opinion on which city is my favorite, Bangkok takes the cake.
Dont believe the movies and western media slander, Bangkok is a very efficient, modern, sleek and built up mega city.
Very cool, vibrant aesthetic to it, TONS of entertainment options, awesome condo complexes to choose from, tons of nice trendy cafes and restaurants, and best of all VERY CHEAP.
Not as cheap as it was maybe 10-15 or so years ago, but about 1/3rd of what anything in North America would cost.
Absolutely love the place and I will be living there soon myself.
Tons of expats there, both young and old alike, so you'll always have that cushion.
Thai people, though poor (but up and coming), are super friendly and despite there being slum areas in isolated pockets of the city, crime is low and safety is not much of an issue.
Tons of girls of course, both locals, East Asian and white girls alike.
Cheap and incredibly tasty, healthy food.
Beautiful beaches are nearby, Pattaya is nearby for partying your ass off, steroids are easily obtainable if you are into fitness, the list goes on.
Bangkok is one of the few world class mega cities that never lost its charm, vibrancy, vibe or culture as it developed into the South East Asian powerhouse it is today (though sadly, some Singapore-ization is starting to creep in slowly).
I personally love the Cyberpunk aesthetic of the city, it is literally Blade Runner IRL.
Thailand has lax visa options to choose from as well.
You are clearly not wealthy, and never will be.
On an American city only scale, these are decent places, but on a global scale our cities are a fucking joke, every single on of them.
Every single city you listed is a sprawled glorified suburb with the exception of Boston.
And no, "walkable areas" that you drive to get to do not count.
Travel some more my friend, and see for yourself.
America is a fucking stale, boring shithole meant for working and efficiency.
Nothing else.
All I can say is don't come to Miami.I lived there and it literally feels like a 3rd world Latin country and only about 20% of the population speak English.
He's not exactly wrong about some of these places, you know.
White people
It's the inherent convenience of living in the de facto capital city of the world.Whatever you want you'll most likely find it in New York.
New York is stale and boring these days.
The only people who think NYC is so great are those who live there and have never traveled anywhere (a surprisingly large amount of people IME- probably because any money that could be used for travel goes towards their autsiticly high priced rent levels).
This looks super comfy.
Any particular towns?
This.
Vienna is underrated as fuck.
You get all the country vibes with all the city amenities
Las VegasCost of Living 9Outdoor stuff 9Food 8Housing price 9Growth and Opportunity 10
There's a tonne, most of northern Italy is great if you're affluent enough, just stay away from the large cities.
The lakes (e.g.
Garda and Como) are particularly nice, but also VERY expensive.
You know those amazing houses on the lakes they showed at the end of Casino Royale?
That's Garda.
There are a lot of small to medium towns all over that are great.
Go to Mexico where they'll literally treat you like a god emperor.
great ladyboysget out
What?
I've never though of Thailand as cyberpunk.
My goal is to go to Japan and China eventually, but Vietnam is my first destination.
Is Bangkok really so?
Shill me more on the cyberpunk aspect of BangkokCoin.
What's the weather like?
When I make it, my plan is going to be move to someplace that help me enjoy my wealth with a lot of girls I think are qt af.
So for me that would probably be something like Budapest, Kiev, Minsk, Prague, Stp, Warsaw because I got that slavfever.
But you got yellowfever then would probably pick something like Vladivostok.But I've browsed some of those countries immigration websites and unfortunately they dont seem to offer a residence permit for someone with money to just live there, they only offer for highly skilled wagecuckcs.
if you like tropical beaches, just move to Curaçao
Texas
Seoul is the best place to live.
It's like Tokyo but cheaper and girls are hotter
if England takes your fancy, don't go to a major city.
Nothing about it will be what you have romantically daydreamed about.
Mannerisms, community, culture etc.Go coastal or rural.
If it the county isn't 96% White British or above, avoid it.With wealth behind you, that method would net you some of the most idyllic spots in the country if you wanted.
Look into Croatia.
As an American or any other westerner I believe you can buy property there.
Does the same apply to Cornish cities?Also doesnt the UK only offer residence permits if you invest more than 10M?
Paris and London are giant slums these days.
15-20 years ago, sure, go for it, now they are fucking god awful shitholes.It's sad but it seems like every big city that was great like 50 years ago is now shitty for one reason or another.
If you like the city experience and want good quality of life, you need to really look around at these semi-obscure places like Budapest or Bangkok like these guys are talking about.
The answer isn't obvious any more like it was for our grandparents' generation.
I just looked up this place  on wiki and it looks really nice.
Should definitely visit someday when I finally make it.
Do they offer residence permit to burgers to buy property kinda like how Greece does or do you already need a permanent residence permit before they allow you to buy property?
>tfw Mexico city>tfw literally any other big city in the world is cleaner and safer but I love my country way too much to ever move
you're overthinking it, only requirements for a good city:< 5% non-whites/non-asians absolute minimumgood english proficiency, indicative of a good culture and wealth
From one anon to another, avoid LA like the plague.
I can't begin to describe how shitty it is.
San Fran is pretty bad too.
The biggest up-side to California is the close proximity of snowy mountains, redwood forest, sandy desert, and warm beaches.
But the price to pay is dismissive people, congested roads and cities, comically high real estate prices, and pollution.
This is what I mean when I say ignore western media slander in regards to Bangkok.Bangkok is a MASSIVE city with massive, modern, sleek skycrapers and sprawled all throughout the place.
Great, sleek modern public transport that makes NYC subways look like a rats nest.
Massive and incredible shopping malls, great nightlife, trendy cafes and restaurants, trippy modern architecture against a backdrop of beautiful classic Thai architecture and temples.
Has just enough grit to it to make it fun and interesting, but not dangerous.
Neon colored lighting and massive animated billboards dominate the landscape.
Diverse as fuck, from young westerner backpackers and old pensioners, to Japanese and Chinese businessmen, to Arabic and Indian tailors/salespeople, to Nigerian drug dealers and pimps, to Thai buddhist monks and just Thai people in general.
I remember standing on an elevated skytrain platform in the middle of Asoke station and looking down the tracks as they cut through the Sukhumvit street artery of Bangkok and my God, tall skycrapers, animated billboards and flashy lights as far as the eye can see, against a tropical rainy backdrop.
Could not be any more Blade Runner than that moment.
As far as low life, all this is outlined by literal shanty slums (though removed from visitors like you and me), sleaze in the red light districts (not necessarily in a bad way though), and just tight, compact Asian style urban grit that makes up the outer layers of the city.It is a cyberpunk wetdream.
Love the place.Weather is tropical- hot, humid and periods of rain and overcast depending on the time of year.
this t b q h desu also italians are low iq scum - so far removed from the once great roman empire sad
he can't appreciate a nice feminine penis now and thenfag
ThisUnless youre fucking balling and can have a personal driver everywhere
If somebody ever tells you Montreal, don't listen to them.
It's bait.>Absolute shit weather>Ugly>Hurr durr hot girls that are like everywhere else in America>Hipsters EVERYWHERE>Yuppies EVERYWHERE>Expensive alcohol>"le great nightlife" meme where everything closes at 3am.
Absolutely not as great as in Europe>"le great food" meme.
Absolutely wrong.
Soooo fucking wrong.Just say no.
Fuck that.
I live in the same county.
It's just a nice upper middle class suburb.
You would only want to live there if you want to raise a family.
Other than that there's not much to do.
LOL stay on bay and elm
if you really prefer cities then singapore or tokyo.
countryside maybe swizerland altought any smaller town can be comfy
In the west big cities are shit because of (((diversity)))
I was in New York City last month and call me xenophobic but I can't stand walking down the streets and hearing 40 different languages in 10 minutes not including English.
4266763This.
Stop considering living in the big cities.t.
former NYC resident.4266723>Too clean>Clean is boring.Don't be this foolish.
If cleanliness disturbs you, there is actually something wrong with your mind.
I'm not joking.
TorontoI would visit some of the other cities before you decide to stay>New YorkPretty shitty outside of Manhattan>Los AngelesI'd rather live in Santa Monica or something, LA is kinda shit unless you're worth 10-20M+>TokyoNever been there, but you'll probably get tired of all the gooks>MiamiToo many oldfags and spics, I don't like the weather either>Buenos AiresWhy would you live in a 3rd world country>MilanIt's alright but nothing special>LondonTurning more shitty every year, too many MuslimsI also recommend checking out Chicago.
The North Side is nigger-free, and it's a pretty clean city, the people can be kind of annoying though.
Although, if you cross into the South side of Chicago it's a nigger warzone.
it's a mixture of tourists and niggers, same with london.
both new york and london now whites are minority, most local former londoners have already moved to british countryside it's so much nicer there
Imagine being this sensitive, lmao.
"Hurr durr people are so easily triggered."
Well you can't walk down a street without being triggered by yourself, congrats.
Aye I went to Burlington afterwards and it was lovely, I think I saw 3 blacks there and 2 of them worked in Footlocker.
Los Angeles is by far the worst city I've ever visited.
I really don't know how anyone could stand to live there.
Agreed, LA does not have as much highrises as some of the other large cities.
Also filled with homeless fucks everywhere.
Sorry?
Sounds like you are the one triggered, snowflake.
All I said was I prefer hearing ENGLISH in my United States of America.
Is that being triggered?
Sick comeback.
You seem to be forgetting that the US was built by immigrants and plenty of them didn't speak English.
Comfy english countryside IMO DESU FAMALAM
Move to Austin Texas and drown in the artsy pussy after flaunting your money a bit.
Buy a bar on 6th street and rake in the cash.
Milf capital of the usaWhere is the best place to meet MILFs?
I want a fit and sexy one to ride me so badly you have no idea
That's fine and I'll exercise my right to choice by living somewhere where I don't have to listen to Jackie Chan, Obongo Morongo, and Pajeet Sivakumar languages all when I walk outside for 10 minutes.
Moving to Kyushu in March, any words of wisdom anon?
t. Craft beer enthusiast
4270119The world does not revolve around you.
Too bad, so sad.Also, let me help you out—yes, you are xenophobic.
Now you can stop being in denial about yourself.
Congratulations.
I never said it did, did I Pajeet.
This.
I am in London right now it's a shit hole.
You're naive.
How unfortunate that you are unable to comprehend your own actions.
Austin was great for average joes years ago but its quickly turning into a rich persons playground.
What "actions"?
Exercising my own free will?
Writing on this imageboard and hurting your snowflake feelings?
How unfortunate indeed.
OP said he has the money to live anywhere, that's why I think he'd be happy in Austin.
You've lost the plot.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS 'MURICA
4270410Yawn.
I know, im just bitching.
RIP Old Austin
I think your MAGA cap is on too tight, it is constricting the blood flow to your brain.
your mistress really ran internet out to your cuck shed?
shame
Built by European immigrants.
People always fail to point that out.
Yeah, she did.And cuck jokes are not very clever anymore, you know that right.
#2017
how's it a joke if you just admitted to being a cuck?
state your interests OP.cities actually usually have different functions and niches
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-gift-aging/201304/people-autism-spectrum-disorder-take-things-literally
now trying to scam me out of my Link bags?
HAHAHAHAHA knew it was a fucking Pajeet!
I moved to Dallas a few years ago - it's pretty lit
I bet you live in Croydon, pleb
It's time to grow up.Built by European immigrants.True, but not just Europeans.
You would know that within 10 seconds via a Google search.
Don't be lazy.
Actual good advice on /biz/What bizarro world is this
this+Luxembourg
42704394270401>reddit niggers
As expected of a child, he will use any word to offend everyone.
Not impressed.If you want to be 12 and refuse to live in the real world, here's the board for you—>>>/pol/
Go live in Amsterdam you absolute retard it's the best
Western cities are indeed shit thanks to diversity.
Cities in the West gave up their own unique culture and vibrancies to appease to everyone from the world over and in turn became boring, sterile, copy and paste cities that resemble nothing more than a giant, bland corporation or Midwestern shopping, sprinkled with slums thanks to the influx of third world migrants who are also miserable.
By trying to please everyone, Western cities gave up everything unique that made them so special, and now nobody is pleased.
NYC, Paris, London, etc all bland corporate garbage with nothing special anymore and with third world ghettos to boot.Thats why I am heavily biased towards Asian cities.
Without the appeasement to diversity and multiculturalism, theyve kept their charm, vibrancy and uniqueness completely in tact.
I hear its the same way in Eastern Euro cities too (for now at least).
thinks multiculturalism works>living in the real world
being a degenerate
Tenerife the canary island
having money>not wanting to spend it all on legal drugs and hookersdo yourself a favor anon and log off your computer
Milan is nothing special>Proceeds to recommend Chicago
A reminder—it's time to grow up.
I dunno man, I like partaking in world-class food, especially if I can walk to it, something just seems depressing about living in a fucking forest.
I wouldn't mind retiring in a forest or some shit like that but I hate the idea of not being around shit that is happening.
It's weird because I hate interacting with other people generally but I dunno man.
I like cities
Aside from your points, yes Prague.
I was in Prague two weeks ago and honestly wasn't impressed.
I liked the Czech countryside though
bahahaha
...are having their homelands destroyed by "feminist foreign policy."
there is literally a rape epidemic.
>non-white people
Agree with this anon.
I own a vacation home near Sibenik, Croatia.
Most beautiful place in the world.
More like its time for you to get out of your parents basement and step into the real world.
Have a look at my previous posts in this thread, I've seen plenty of the world.
this sounds comfy as fuck famalam
Sheffield
santa monica is comfy as fuck senpai
Surprised no one else here has said Seoul.
It's great as long as you don't fear DA BOMB
I had a great time in Korea as well, Busan is another great city too.However, I found Korean women to be cold, aloof or downright scared of westerners, and their female friends cockblock like crazy.
How was your luck with the ladies out there?
I spent most of my time in Busan, so maybe Seoul is different?
My dad used to go though for work.
I went once when I was younger.
I remember the city being very clean, modern, and the culture and food were phenomenal.
Can't speak much for the ladies.
*there
get out of your parents basementVery original.
Not impressed.>I've seen plenty of the worldAnd you still have not grown up.
Sad, but true.
you should first consider taxes and laws for your bussiness.
Getting fisted cause you find out the law shits on your sector in hindsight would suck.Secondary i find huge cities a shit choice cause of the smog & crime being higher even accounting with /people.
You can buy yourself of course into the nicer corner but it's still not the same quality as living a bit away from the city.
If you still want to live in smog city get yourself plants to filter the crap before your house / on your balcony if it's a flat in a building.
And you'd feel less lonely living in a big city in a country of which you don't speak the local language?
You can either talk to people who's main goal is taking your tourist shekel or jaded expats who are also frustrated locals don't care about their bullshit, if that is your thing then yes consider moving to Europe or Asia.
cheaperOK Joe Boomer, sounds like you still havent grown up since the Flower Power bullshit movement of your youth from the 1960's.
Why dont YOU and YOUR Boomer peers grow the fuck up on a collective level?
Or just do the world a favor and fucking croak already.
this
boring/10
tfw rich enough to live anywhereAt what standard of living?
Do you mean "I can afford to rent a shitty apartment in a major city" or can you afford a nice apartment and good standard of living?I mean, London is shit unless you're right in the middle of zone one and a nice house in the outskirts defeats the point.
living in a shit apartment in the outskirts totally wont be worth it.
I heard you can get an affordable (but very small) apartment almost anywhere in central Tokyo.On your list I'd go for Tokyo, but not for more than a year or two.
If we're talking 5 years or more probably New York.
singaporeSingapore is just boring though.
Completely lacking in any sort of style or cultural Identity.
British coastalfag here, 98% White British in this region.
If you want the UK, come to these sort of places, beautiful scenery and proper british culture.
if you can live anywhere and are financially independent why would your choices only include the most expensive places in the world?When you say "rich enough to live anywhere" I hope you mean you're worth like $10-20M+ if you're picking from that list, and not like $1-2M because you're going to have a bad time otherwise.
Personally if I had ~$2-20M I'd find the cheapest, safest, foreign place to live.
Thailand or something (would need to do more research)
Hong Kong > Singapore > Tokyo > Shanghai > New York > London
I lived there 5 years !
I've been to Tokyo but not Singapore (though its on the list).
I find it hard to believe that Singapore is better though.Why do you think it is?
Just curious.
What?
I'm not talking about loneliness, I'd be happy never talking to anybody ever again, it's more a lifestyle thing.
Living innawoods just doesn't appeal to me.
As a matter of fact living around people who don't speak the same language as me in a big city would be preferable to one that did since I don't really get along with people anyway.
It's more about being around technology and food and luxury and gawking at cute girls, plus you can't get a high-rise view from a cabin in the woods.
But I get it, and it will probably become more appealing to me as I get older but for right now, I like cities
This.
LA is literally late stage cancer
Sydney brah
living on desert island with ex criminal lineageNo thx senpai
English
What?There is actually something wrong with your mind.
You really need to reevaluate yourself.
doesn't want live by the sea in a top 5 city in the world with the best weather in the world full of cute english speaking rich asian girlsSure thing senpai
all deadly bugs/critters/reptiles live here>expensive cost of living% of australia uninhabitable lmao>slow shitty internetThe only real benefit I see is being close to SE Asia
It's time to go to bed, Jamal.
how about you stay in your own country canadian faggot?
and not like $1-2M because you're going to have a bad time>if I had ~$2-20M I'd find the cheapest, safest, foreign place to live.
Thailand or somethingI know some of these city's are considered expensive but you can buy something almost anywhere for less than a million.
I mean you can rent a fairly reasonable apartment right in the middle of London for £1300 a month.
That's expensive for normal people but even with a million that's perfectly affordable.
Food and drink can cost as much or as little as you want it to.http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-to-rent/property-51383316.htmland as far as Thailand goes I don't know what I'd even do with more than a couple of million.
Unless you're going through several bottles of dom perignon a night.
Lisboa
being this new
I don't believe in fantasies.
It is more fitting if you would go to bed, instead.Grow up.
migrate to live in Sydney> well educated rich asian women everywhere> still western nation so white males are top tier> 10% growth property market> never seen a bug or critter because live in city and not poor> harden up culture means sjws get told to get fucked> skiing holidays in Japan next week> skuba great barrier reef at Xmas> Queenstown NZ for easter> 10% of habitable oz better than all of burgerland and europoor combinedYour call anon
being a faggot>liking traps>assuming the other half of 4chan is ok with it
So i read the whole thread, the best choices arePragaTurinSeoulBudapestBangkokLets narrow them down to one or two winners
Dubai.
Clean, safe and tax-free for the most part.High-end hotels, shopping, restaurants, and whores, literally everywhere.
Totally geared up for lux.
depends on how south you go.
north phoenix is about as white as it gets, here in flagstaff it's about the same but more natives.
New YorkI'm a biased new yorker and can't answer any other way desuWhat is your personality OP?
Dubai.Yeah but step a little out of line and you'll be locked up for a decade.
well educated rich asian women are fairly common in Burgerland as well.
your point?>don't have to leave country to ski in burgerland>Queenstown sounds like the perfect place for you>living on a desert island instead of far superior NZ ping in games
 playing games instead of uploading low resolution wojacksThis is why NZ will always be inferior
visited recently, pretty true
That's such a dumb question because it's so dependent on your personality, likes, and dislikes.
I'd choose NY since I hate traffic and driving.
hong kong is nowhere in livability to singapore imo.
simply too crowded.
kowloon side of the bay is too pajeet and island side is mainly banks.
also weather is far worse than singapore which has absolute optimal weather year around
Toronto ( Home)Why would you ever consider staying here.
You already know how bad it is.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
this.
sg > hk, but they're both expensive and boring.
Las Vegas, Moscow, Phoenix, LA
I can confirm for Paris, expensive rathole full of nigs.
Paris is not even France anymore.
I love bkk too but your description sounds gay.
And would not agree with calling it blade runner in real life lolAnyway, stop shilling the city if there is anything it doesn't need more of it's low iq wierd english teachers and backpacker hippies
why do burgers always think you need over 10 fucking million to live in those big cities when the average wagecuck there probably makes like 40k.
fucking LONDON XDKEKcome to Mordor, you fucking cuck, it awaits you with both arms to go right up your asshole omfg!
you must be larping
Milan, Paris ain't that great, its overrated.
Does the same apply to Cornish cities?No "real" big cities in Cornwall.
Cornwall as a whole is pretty poor but beautiful in places.
The south west below Bristol (and excluding it) is comfy.
Pockets of huge wealth, pockets of blue collar poverty, but among some of Englands choice rural and coastal towns.
>Also doesn't the UK only offer residence permits if you invest more than 10M?Never heard of this...
Hard life for racists these days O.o
This has to be b8
NYC is where its at.
Go to Sapporo.
Hokkaido is a version of Japan with extra woodsy comfiness.
Some days CDMX feels comfy af, other days I just want to run away.
Look at Key West, Florida.
Thank me later.
Come to newfoundland.
Cornwall as a whole is pretty poor but beautiful in placesThats the only reason I asked is because I've seen the Cornwall summer scenery in tv series like Doc Martin and it looks really beautiful.
>Never heard of thisThe impression I got was they'll give you a residence permit for either1.
if you get hired in a highly skilled job like CS is probably good example2.
if you are a poor migrant refugee and you are brown3.
if you are ultra wealthy like pretty much well over ten mill.
theres no residence permit category for "I have enough money I dont need a job, but not ultra wealthy like that"
this is intredasting... explanations?
Question somewhat related to thread:I have been considering majoring in business, either finance or accounting - but I read if I go the finance route and want to work in an investment bank the only way to get into a big bank job is graduating from an Ivy League and having connections.
I looked up Baruch College and apparently if you work really hard it's a known name in the northeast and you can possibly get a good job.Would it be worth going there from out of state and having to live in NYC off student loans or is this just going to spiral me into student loan debt and misery?
Would I be better off staying in-state (Indiana) and going to a no-name state university for a business degree?
move to Melbourne anon, top city
>LondonTry Wilmslow/Alderly Edge/Altrincham or any of the nice affluent communities of Cheshire near Manchester, which is better than London, and you don't want to live in a city you want to live in a town outside the city
rich enough to live anywhere>lists shitty fucking citiesGonna make a wild guess that you're a city born retard who can't handle a proper human society in the rural/suburban areas?
You do realize you'd have a mansion and shitloads of useful land for same price as a decent apartment in one of those cities if you moved to the country?
You'd also have decent human beings for neighbours and a genuine community kids could grow up in.
Voluntarily living in a cityReally made me think
Somewhere in Italy.>the Med is fantastic and comfy>lower cost of living than the rest of non shit Europe>great weather>some decent cities and night life>hot women>not crazy leftistI'm American, it's my first choice if I ever make it rich and want to retire somewhere in Yuroworld.
I'd learn Italian and go the full 9 yards.
Manchestermuh nigga.
Good culture, good food, good sport, good nightlife, still mostly white.
Highly aesthetic too.
Leeds is also pretty nice.
Only downside is the weather but at least you get chance to rep your trendy raincoat
you cant fucking party hard and fuck girls in a mansion 10 miles from the city center, get real.
you absolutely NEED an apartment like that so it's literally a 2-5min walk from the big clubs to your place
Somewhere in Italy.Enjoy getting raped to death by Niggers and Arabs.
Italy - for all it's pseudo macho culture - is the greatest fucking disappointment in Europe.
You expect cucking from the French (always) Germans (post-WW2), Scandinavia (their defining characteristic for centuries) but Italy should be leading the European revival - instead it's a fucking embarressment along with all non-Visegrad countries.
you cant fucking party hard and fuck girls in a mansion 10 miles from the city center-15 minute driveYou can if you're as rich as you pretend to be.
Fuck you can if you're dirt poor and have basic game.
LARPer confirmed.Stay poor Pajeet.
>ctrl+F>no switzerlandHonestly this always baffles me.
You basically have to not have ever been there, or only traveled to a few places in the world for this to even be up for debate.
Like, it's not even close outside of northern Italy (southern Switzerland but with a shittier government).
I'd list all the benefits of living there, but since it's basically a white utopia with the most beautiful scenery on earth, I don't think I have to.
t. Northwest Austinfag (which is also very nice) world traveler.
so much this.
I live in NYC myself and it's fucking dog shit.
Niggers, spics, are everywhere if you're not in manhattan or the better parts of brooklyn.
Lots of scummy pieces of shit here.
Actually gets pretty stale and boring here as well.
Basically if you're gonna come here, just try to live in upper manhattan or something, the only decent area with mostly whites and asians.
It isn't that bad, they're the ones trying hardest to get the EU to stop the boats.
Most of the Africans pass through to welfare land.I'm from the United States, our cities are 50% nig anyway.
how easy it it to get a visa though?
if i get an EU passport by working in europe as an american, does that let me stay in ch?
Manhattan is also shit.
I lived on the upper east side for a while.
>everything is overpriced>transitory poors/nonwhites no matter where you're at (though it's less of an issue on the upper side)>surrounded by ghettos and the most decadent tourist trap on earth (midtown)>surrounded by jews and cat ladies >mega tsunami could take it out one day ezI can't think of too many redeeming NYC qualities.
Central park and the food?
If you have money, these things aren't a problem.
Otherwise it's rather difficult, unless you can prove yourself to be an exceptional, white collar asset to their workforce.
they're the ones trying hardest to get the EU to stop the boats.Things required to actually stop the boats:>Allow navy to do it's job>Allow customs and border security to do their job>Allow police to do their job>Don't give ANY rights to foreign invadersItaly is doing none of the above.
The sooner the North breaks away from the semi-Arab/African south the better.
so they're not part of the EU?
i thought they were.
KekThe degree to which people are ignorant to Switzerlands basedness is so fucking shocking I swear to fucking christINSANELY WEALTHY ETHNOSTATE UTOPIA Like holy FUCKING SHIT dude
They aren't allowed to, it's an EU member state mandate that they rescue "stranded" migrants in their waters and allow them to come ashore.
They're basically the fall guy right now for Brussels' Jewry.But, as I said, Africans don't like staying there because the gibs are in Germany/France.
Italians are more unabashedly racist and they've been teasing with their own version of Brexit, they have a confident culture.
Could not say the same about most affluent European states.Where else would you suggest, because Spain is a poorer shithole with the same problems with migrants.
The food then I guess.
If you're truly rich you can just have a personal driver and avoid all the shitty people and whatnot.
Tokyo, Miami is a shit hole
They aren't allowed toMuch like Poland, Hungary etc weren't allowed to say "lmao no" to 'refugees' and migrants.
Difference is they had the balls/common sense to ignore EU dictats while Italia cucks cucked.
i take it you don't know about the eu/visa situation either then, because you're skirted the question twice
What the fuck is the point of being a rich if you're just another bugman in a concrete jungle surrounded (literally) by trash.
I want fresh air, good food, beautiful scenery, gorgeous women, and to live among an affluent, healthy white collective in a society that I can truly feel at home in.
New York City is the wet-dream of your average Jewish banker.
I'll fucking pass lmao.
Ah, see?
I don't want to live in fucking Poland and Hungary.
That's why I said "of the non shit Euro states".Italy is involved in too much trade and commerce to just defy the EU like that.
For real, why should I care about like 5-10% of the population being shitty, I'm not going to live within 50 miles of them.
only place worth visiting on op's list is Tokyo.
Go figure
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=is+switzerland+a+member+of+the+eu
what place fits that agenda then cocksucker?
FUCKING SWITZERLAND AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWe have fucking ID's on this board.
Fucking use it, faggot.
Well then, poo in loo India must be a perfect fit for you if that's your logic.
Move to Kyoto red light district clean interesting city and polite safe culture to boot
wow you sound like an obese feminist am I right?
the US was not established as a white countrythis is what you actually believe.
I like partaking in world-class foodI guarantee you or 98% of the population could not discern the "world class" food from Outback, Olive Garden, etc
Yeah everyone but me is wrong and stupid, also, I agree
you live in a fantasy world as an adult.
Singapore is not cooler than Tokyo.
the gentleman is jerking your chain.
Any opinions on D.C. And Richmond guys?
kys
the best part is that she's well educated.
took 200 cocks in college!
amazing
 degrees of ideal weather
is HK really that boring?
I wanted to try Shenzhen.
>ctrl-f "Australia" resultNoice, we're full anyway, so kindly fuck off.
I went to Vienna and thought it was the most beautiful city in Europe...
I got that vibe that Switzerland was just as rich & great.
Negros in Richmond.
Negros, Lobbyists, and government cucks in DC.
Anyone who says HK is boring doesn't know what they are talking about.Guangzhou is infinitely more interesting (and has a more vibrant music + arts scene) than Shenzhen.
Also, go to Chengdu, and Chongqing.
Sichuan girls, man.
See my previous post w/ e-mail.
cheers.
How bout Raleigh?
Jew Yorkthe food is great
Not familiar with NC but I know Raleigh has great universities and that NC has developed recently.
LA fag here living in the city sucks, if you've made it you live in the hills.
Encino, Beverly, Calabasas, ect.
Pretty nice up, more room than a city and everything is accessible through the freeways.
Buenos Aires
island feverwhats this
>be rich>only lives in ONE citynigga thats not rich
Lived in Manhattan for 3 years, loved itBest place on earth.
Comfy 6 figure job, could bring a different girl home every night of the week.
Any type of restaurant/bar/nightlife you want just a short walk away, it's paradiseRent for my studio was 3k/month but that was the only downsideAMA
3k/mth in manhattansounds cheap
Comes to australia OP.
Ill show you around, we live a good life here and having an accent is always good with the ladies here.
Go where your friends live