WTF do I have to pay this?
Is this even legal?My dad said it's important to get your foot in the door, it's how he landed his first job
kek you must of bombed that interview really hard anon
There is no way you have to pay this unless you signed an agreement prior to the interview
What's Flask and MySQL, are they cryptocurrencies?
What a bunch of idiots.
Let them try to collect.
You don't owe them shit.
Tell them to suck a fat dick
This shit again?
Fuck you OP
Rebekah (Owner)
4352038this, and post updates
My dad said it's important to get your foot in the door, it's how he landed his first jobA wagecuck telling someone else how they should live their life.
Send them a bill for the time it took to read their bill and the time it took to write the bill for that time.
holy kek
Tell them to eat shit.
LOL this has to be fake
No you don't have to pay this anon.
They didn't provide you with a service.
They can't bill you for their time.While on the topic of unrequested invoices, one time I sent a girl an invoice from a date we went on, because she acted like a bitch all night.
I can't believe it's true.If it is they must be really really stupid.Why don't you send them your own bill with a $210 hourly rate (to net their claims), claiming they misrepresented something in the job offer.
Honestly OP this is hilarious and you should do something to fuck with them
This is a bad look on their company.
Turn the tables and threaten to spread this to news sources and give them a PR nightmare if they don't pay YOU.
Oh and then after they pay you, leak it anyway.
LOL
Do this OP
thisit's an opportunity to make a load of money OP.Ask for $50k
my fucking sides
Tell them that you failed the interview because you have autism and that you don't appreciate the fact that they are trying to take advantage of your condition to extort money from you.
4352199This.
Assuming you only paid for the food it took to have the energy to attend the interview, we're talking about an ROI upwards of 50,000% here!
Do this and tell all your news channels that they discriminated against an autistic kid
This pasta again?
Holy shit, lyl.Is there any field of professionals more castrated and cucked than programmers?There is not fate worse that I can imagine that being forced to code for a living..
kill them all and burn down the building
This and also post it on reddit and whip them into a frenzy.
Name drop the company too
This.
Send a report to all their nearby competitors and watch their prospective interviews go to shit.
Dear Rebekah,Hi, I would like to take this time to acknowledge the invoice I received requesting payment for our interview o the 20th of October, 2017.
I know how costs add up and I completely agree people need to be paid and in a prompt manner for their time they have invested in their careers.
As an Experienced Engineer of Distributed Systems, I run into all sorts of dead beats in my field of work.
I can usually bill around $748.95/hr for services rendered, and another $1500 for house calls (you know how overhead is it can be a pain and really add up!!!
); so please return this enclosed invoice with payment in full for my services rendered ($1087.90($1497.90-$410 for your fees), plus an additional $1500.00 for traveling expenses, $8.72 for the combo #3 I consumed at Wendy's on the day of the interview, $78.99 typing fee for this invoice, and please include $0.49 for postage and an additional $12.98 for handling fees, which brings the amount due to $2689.08).
I would like to thank you for your time and I do apologize that we will not be doing business together in the future.
As always, have a great day and thank you for your time!!
This is the funniest shit ever OP.
What is their fax no.
?
43522774352241Not to mention the fact that the owner revealed that she's making $100 an hour, and the fact that she wants to extort an unemployed kid out of $410 as "a matter of principle".
Imagine the SJW rage you can generate with this.
Oh my god they are so fucked if this is real.
This.
There is NO fucking way you have to pay that.If they pursue anything you after November 20th should sue because you will win.
do this
It's a scam
no shit
Moron, you're supposed to lie about CREDENTIALS, not about ability.
You should still be able to do the fucking job before applying for it.
do this but request payment in the form of blowjobs
This is hilarious.
You should do this.
Try to copy their exact formatting too, and get fancy envelope.
If it's real OP please post the company and position so all us senior developers here at /biz/ can apply too.
post by id
lol, wipe some shit on the paper and return to sender
contact a news organization and whistle blow the stupid fucks at this company
No of course you don't have to pay for shit.
That's why there's the position of a recruiter, they have the responsability to find good candidates, and are accountable for it.
Not the fucking interviewee jesus christ.It must be an absolute shithole of a company to depend on scamming people out of their money.I'm pretty sure you can even sue them for even asking and get nice cash.
Thank you all sirs I am very much relaxed now I know I do not have to pay such fees.I really thought WTF when I received the letter because I thought it was acceptance letter with good news.I am on holiday visa so do not wish to make trouble with courts.
I will simply dispose of this letter.Thank u
VCATHere's some advice.Firstly Melbourne fag you can't sue for damages under 'a matter of principle' ACTUAL FACTUAL DAMAGES NEED TO BE PROVEN, Their hourly rate of pay is irrelevant because you did not contract them.Also have a 3rd party contact them saying anyone hired seeking to pursue an individual for vexatious debts will force the individual to seek recourse for the above company breaching the Victorian Privacy Act.This you actually can sue for.
Don't dispose the letter, dumbass.
Take it to news organizations and expose these stupid fucks.
Dear Rebekah,>Hi, I would like to take this time to acknowledge the invoice I received requesting payment for our interview o the 20th of October, 2017.
I know how costs add up and I completely agree people need to be paid and in a prompt manner for their time they have invested in their careers.
As an Experienced Engineer of Distributed Systems, I run into all sorts of dead beats in my field of work.
I can usually bill around $748.95/hr for services rendered, and another $1500 for house calls (you know how overhead is it can be a pain and really add up!!!
); so please return this enclosed invoice with payment in full for my services rendered ($1087.90($1497.90-$410 for your fees), plus an additional $1500.00 for traveling expenses, $8.72 for the combo #3 I consumed at Wendy's on the day of the interview, $78.99 typing fee for this invoice, and please include $0.49 for postage and an additional $12.98 for handling fees, which brings the amount due to $2689.08).
I would like to thank you for your time and I do apologize that we will not be doing business together in the future.
As always, have a great day and thank you for your time!
!You're an asshole.
This.Make a YouTube video with a typical click bait tittle "This company charges you for an interview" and let the public decide who is at fault
>>Rebekah
STOPThat letter is evidence.
You may need it someday.
Please post the company and position here at least!!
Please.
MySQL>CryptoThis is the type of guy who thinks slovakian buffalo riding forum will make him a /biz/illionaire
I try.
Lmao this is so fucking retarded.
holy shit, what the hell is this?
where was this interview?
What country and company?
It took them 1h to figure out you were not suitable for the position even though it was obvious?Put that document on every social media website their reputation is so fucked