Ok newfags I'm going to explain you and whats happening, why its happening, and whats gonna happen from today till mondayatm mining bch is 1.05 more profitable than btc but when retargetting happens in 3 days btc will be again 3.60 more profitable than BCHRIght now, Jihan pumped BCH like other times, but with new propaganda with his minions from Bitcoin ClassicFor now, Jihan plan is going fine, shaking off the weakhands from trashy alts into BCH while he is dumping his BCH for BTCBTC isn't really going down because is less atractive, it's that a lot of newhands are being dumped with BCH and eating it like a pig after waking up.That is the only reason their fiat price is going down, people are underselling an asset for an obviously worse "broken asset" (EDA)He is making a lot of money that will be usen in the next pump, like he did other times.Expect a new abpout a death spiral death or some shit like that in the average medium blogger this weekend, and this board being filled with BCH shillsThe shitstorm will last until the EDA, then BTC will keep the rally until 10KIf you hold BCH, dump it today or risk to try to dump it higher on saturday, and buy cheap altsTLDR Retarded shitstorm incoming, hold btc and buy cheap alts like OMG/LiSKVTC/LiNK/RLC/MBRSWill post fork.lol caps after this post
It is good to see people like you that actually grasp the situation when you are surrounded by fuckwits

I plan to buy more BTC when it hits bottomish.Is this a good idea now?
Isn't BcH's fork meant to make it even more profitable and attract more btc miners
BTC is the realshitcoin.
old, obsolete tech, run by greedy old men, who are trying to capilatize on the bitcoin name and contro, the crypto market.
they will lose.
they can't force us to give any value to their fake bitcoin.
BCH is the real bitcoin.
get rekt
Do you understand why BCH is BCC on some exchanges?
BitCoin CHINA
OP is full of shit.
The next BTC difficulty adjustment isn't until nov 25th.
Alsohttps://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/mining_profitability-btc-bch.html#3mBitcoin is currently more profitable to mine than BCH yet all the miners are jumping over to BCH.
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I'm just gonna post this today, and avoid biz until Monday night.
This is exactly the same as last 2 times, biz/ gonna get fucking toxic this weekend because of paid bch shills and I won't allow this hole of shit to ruin another weekend arguing with paid bigotsI'm gonna screencap this thread until it dies and post it on Monday
Fork.lol for the new fags see you on monday
It's a good idea, but don't take it to the limit.
In 2 weeks will break previous ath so it doesn't really matter, don't miss the last chance to buy under 10k for being to greedy
I took out 2k USD to invest in REQ so I want to at least replace that.Actually looks like I saved some money because I did this at 7100.
This.OP is spouting nonsense.
BCH has been slowly accumulated for weeks now.
This doesn't fit any previously known pump and dump patterns.
The miner cabal pro-BCH and pro-pump-and-flip conspiracy makes more sense than a pump and dump conspiracy.
OP desperate for his bitcoin (((core))) bags to stop dropping to 0
4286910fork.lol faggots
What site is that?
WOW, The shills are real.
If you're gonna play around with BCH, get in then get the fuck out.
It will spend next week crashing.
Good luck, the shills are out in droves.
4286793
Thanks.
Didn't realize that was a URL
BCH has been slowly accumulated for weeks now.This pump is entirely reliant on the fact that bitcoin cash's value has skyrocketed by 50% in A SINGLE GOD DAMN MORNINGPrior to that it was going nowhere, at best it would pump a little them dump back down.
I'm gonna wait BCH goes a little bit higher, and alts a little be lower, and i'm gonna feel like a child in a groceries store
I really like the fact this thread is being saged by creating stupid threads with no answernever change biz/
RLC seems like its the one with the most potential to go up here really quick
This doesn't fit any previously known pump and dump patternsno...not at all.
For fucks sake, the pump is even coming from Korea like last timeYour lack of imagination amuses me
come on, anon, most people here don't even know what EDA means
Thanks anonEstimated Difficulty AdjustmentThis means that if the chain is going to die lack of miners processing power, the difficulty automaticly adjust so the chain keeps livingThis means superinflation and a exploit miners can use to win more money, fucking up the coinI can guarantee that this wasn't satoshis vision
7vIWuC6fThank you for this post.
The level of BCash shilling is nauseating.
I'll be damned if there isn't someone with a fucking brain roaming around /biz/.This is so obvious.
If you enjoy risks, then play the wave, but just know that this is completely organized by people with whalecocks so good luck.
I already dumped my BCH at an ATH so I don't want you to lose this chance of shitting in jihan faceLast time was as wonderful as this one is being
question from novice.
I want to long BTC ag.
BCH, but Kraken only offers BCH ag.
BTC and you can't short a pair, so how do you make that trade?
It's hilarious...everything is the same as last august.
The only thing we're missing is the smug anime girl poster ranting on about the "satoshi's vision", I guess he's still sleeping.Just a reminder for everyone, bitcoin cash is basically an HIV virus created to thrive on BTC's demise.
I fucking knew this was going to happen so I bought in when it was low, sold at around $900, and will now enjoy the show.
Rinse, repeat.
And now that the dump begins, the classic antidump walls appear so it will start bleeding right now until it goes to 300$ again
and now that the babylon walls of BCH needs fuel, BTC can recover the natural pathIT'S EXACTLY LIKE LAST TIME DONT FALL FOR THIS SHIT AGAIN
forgot pic
I wouldn't do that even if you think bch is only pumped artificially.
You can wash trade and pump on korean exchanges without fee and Roger Ver has a lot of money so it might continue for a while.
ah faye raegan i see youre a man of culture as well
Not quiet
soooowhere to set sell orders?
I'm not gonna sell rn as it's still rising.
Ah, i see that you are one of the member of the buy high sell low round table of bigotry
Thanks anon you probably saved me a bunch of money.
Back to BTC after i made a few bucks :)
underrated post.
No I bought in @ 0.1067 btc, currently enjoying a 50% profit, anything wrong with that?
That if you wait until isn't rising you might sell it for 0.9 In order to make money you have to buy while its going down and sell when its going high, not the other way around
it starts
OP is aware.Pigs.. pigs get slaugthered.
This doesn't fit the BCH pattern.
Go look at the charts.
It's been gaining regularly for a month up until its starting point of 600+ USD before this recent rise.
Those patterns also included money coming in from outside crypto.
What we're looking at here is actually something happening while total crypto marketcap is being reduced.
OH NO CHEAP EASY PROFITS SELL SELL SELLLL FUCK MONEY
When will it hit bottom so I can buy
I hate corefags more than anything on this planet
shits going down lmaoprepare for pink wojak threads :^)
retargetting happens in 3 days btc will be again 3.60 more profitable than BCHsauce?
WEW Thanks OP I made .17 btc during my morning cup of coffee
It gained 50% in a day you chink shill fuck.The crash is inevitable and it well be glorious.
We'll be rid of you maggots again for at least a few months.
calls others shills>clearly not from here
FORK.LOL faggotITS WRITTEN 3 FUCKING TIMES IN THIS THREAD 4286793if you have fiat in btc/bch and doesnt know this website you are a fucking disgrace for crypto community
buy cheap alts like LINKSo you're telling me I should spend all my gains from BCH only to lose them again on LINK?
Of course not, it's a double Pump&Dump using two or three currencies.
Good luck with this.
And this is gonna be saged by pajeets opening a lot new threads and no discussion here
filled with shillsi know $5 for pajeet is enough to feed his village for a year so he'll say anything here, but how is the effectiveness of it or gauged or measured?
i see the bulk of bch volume on korean exchanges.
how would you even come to a price point for paying shills to shill bch on biz?
what's the equation for determining your shilling is having an effect?
Where is this text from?
Aahh so it's not a bear market!
You are a fucking godsent.
May you have increasing gains for the years to come

Good shit.
We need more of this in biz.
Too much stupid shilling
and whylie some were shitposting another 315M pump from koreagoys this is so obvious
 people are underselling an asset for an obviously worse "broken asset" (EDA)Lol, EDA is being removed in a matter of days.
Alright I made .17 btc on the bitcoin cash pump thanks for this OP.
Not gonna touch it again.
i hope so, because if that happens then when BTC is more profitable the BCH and hash runs away from BCH that rotten chain will diebut no, they wont remove eda as im not destined to be happy
this is pretty good core FUD, you probably got some brainlets to eject from the moon mission because of this you sick fuck
atm every alt is cheap as fuck so enjoy
manipulation of the crypto market is so easy, people keep forgetting this.>BTC does badly, whales immidiately jump on the opportunity to set up sell walls, making a crash a self fulfilling prophecy>meanwhile team jihan takes this opportunity to pump BCH with all their might, making it look like a "flippening" is happening>meanwhile the whole alt market is getting assraped too, because they mostly have BTC pairingswhale manipulation, panic sellers, fomo-ers, rinse repeat.
it's easy to lose money if you're weak minded.
BCH is dropping and BTC seems to be recovering.Honestly thank you OP for the heads up, I can now go to bed knowing I made a decent profit today.
OP is right you are fucking retardslook on where the buy orders are coming from.
this is whale money
manipulation is pic related12/30 threads are paid FUD drills
It¡s from Korea you maggot, from the same fucking source like august
OP actually made sense, thanks for not being another useful idiot of the bch propaganda machine
You guys must be straigth up retarded.
It doesn't take a genius to realize that BTC sucks balls and BCH is what going to rise until it takes over Bitcoin as the real vision of Satoshi.
This is a pump pump pump and it's going all the way to the top.
very good pajeet, 2000 more shill posts and we will get you that toilet like we promised.
this is where whale money goes in
looks to be dumping desu
made me lol
back to BIG green candles you fuck sticks.
cant stop this train.
BCH to moon
you say that yet it just keeps dropping
kys
BCH have to make their run now before Jan 1 when everyone on coinbase gets their "free money".
it's going down so hard
4289973if it keeps drilling down its gonna end in china
clearly we're looking at different graphs
 Bch blocks mined within the last hour.>Bch isnt broken
Shower thought: if I am right and Roger Ver is shifting his BTC stack to BCH from BTC to BCH, then this is a great thing for BTC.
With him out of the way, BTC can finally move forward, and he can't manipulate the price of BTC down in the future.
Clever OP.
Not enough people realize that the chink miners dont actually care about "muh satoshis vision" or whatever.
They just fuck around with their hashpower for gains.
Or MAYBE... just maybe... they have multi millions invested in mining hardware and know that a crypto currency that isn't actually used as a currency will implode eventually... so they support BCH, the real currency that will be adopted by businesses and has a future, for their own self interest to have something they can mine a year from now.
Bitcoin Cash sees an extraordinary rapid rise in hashpoweryeah it's not broken.
It's the same thing that would happen if the regular chain saw a tripling of hashpower over a few day.
newfag here, why is it bad that the pump is coming from Korea?
Dude, you that isn't truthWith lightning network btc will be a store of value and wealthness will be measured in SATSThat's the true satoshi vision
shut the fuck up you no-coiner newfagim guessing youre a thick nigger too
Because is the same source as last pumps which ended on dumpsJust like this time
It is hinting that one large party is either wash trading (trading with himself to make it appear that the demand for BCH is rising) or is converting BTC to BCH.
The last pumps also came from Korea.
Tin foil hat observation: Roger Ver is living in Korea.I honestly don't know where it is going, and I wish I was riding the pump since $300 but I sure as hell won't touch BCH now that it might dump any day.
>satoshis visionhey faggots lemme tell you something satoshi fucked off a long time ago his vision is irrelevantif he believed in the project he would be still around today
Dude, Satoshi is dead.
Someone screencap this please and post it when the shills hits tomorrowI will post it back on Monday as promised
Someone is trying very hard to keep this under 900
Thx op.
Finally got the courage to transfer all my BTC to a new electrum wallet so I can dump my BCH for some free BTC before it crashes again.
Do you think this pump will really last till Monday?Screencapped god bless anon