Check out the 30 minute candles.
If that's not a fucking classic dead cat bounce I don't know what is.
This will continue to fall for at the least another 24 hours.
>crypto>dead cat bounceThat only applies to stocks ya dingus
Holy photoshop, is this what anime waifus looks like IRL??
No retard, it doesn't only apply to stocks.
Go check literally EVERY PUMP EVER in crypto.
Shilling idiot in BTC so desperate to deny BLATANT facts.
Just lol.
That only applies to stocks ya dingusHow are you still managing to breathe with that level of intelligence
nigga btc about to fuck your shit up, btc doesnt give a fuck about your stupid meme lines your fibonacci or your price action
Go tell ya boi BTC to stop dipping after the dead cat then g-funk-munay.
see u at 10k, faggot fucking anime watching weeaboo loser
It's still dipping bitch...
It better stop soon or you're shilling will collapse along with your portfolio...
I'm going to buy Shinuki with my BTC.
Which semen demon is this?
still dipping>above 8kpick one, you dumb fuck, btc comfy af right now
As if we don't want a multi day correction?>As if that wouldn't be a great buying opp before inevitable 10k?>As if we haven't been buying for months/years?Are you trying to be edgy and scare ppl?
Cuz a prediction like that gets my dik hard, unlike your weird anime shit pics
he thinks i need to shill BTC
Enjoy the erection.
Still dipping, 8026 now... Oh and since you like her so much, pic related.
if you think btc is going to fall you are sooooo soooo stupid.
it literally cant fall now.
most people only have an ability to sell into tether, which everyone is avoiding right now.so btc is going up or staying the same.
Shinuki.
She got off the internet after she couldn't take the heat and criticism that comes with being an instagram "model" and whined about her patreon nudes leaking.The tits are one of those temporary wearable cosplay things btw.
most people only have an ability to sell into tetherwhat?out of the top exchanges, only shitfinex uses tether
OP I know it sucks your alt's aren't doing well and non-cartoon women won't touch you...but trust me you should still be buying this ChadCoin, 25% of portfolio minimum.