I fomo bought link at 3600 satoshi, and since then it kept going down.Will it go back up tonight?
I can’t wait to get rid of it to rebuy lower :/
Sell now and cut your losses or you will be bag holding.
Probably will average out to 17-19 cents till a happening occurs.
BA-HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA You biztards never cease to amuse me with your investment choices
This.
Link holder but I think it'll go back to 17 cents or so until we get newsThe fact that it jumped up though shows people are watching for that news.
DELUDED LINKIES
Ugh just sold, fuck me man never panic buying again
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH >.< HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAA BIZTARDS STRIKES AGAIN>buy high sell low Don't worry man you'll panic buy again in the future you can count on it
Lol Gj buyin high n sellin low
buy high sell lowHAHAHAHAHAHA I fucking hate all of you on this board.
Let me guess, you didn't buy earlier because it was "too low to buy?"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
Is this for real I sold at 28xx and now it fking went up to 31xx fuck this bs
Better buy so you can sell at a lower price again :^)
Jesus christ can't you just fucking hold, this will be the next ethereum you retard.
hahahaahahah i saw that fucking jump.
do you realize how few LINKs are being traded?
a large buy order or sell order will literally move the price that much.
I genuinely don't believe people are this dumb, maybe this is counter-intel from the higherups.
FORM UP MEN
You literally had weeks to buyJust hold.
If you can just hold for a measly month you'll be back in profit (and then some, probably)Let this be a lessonFearful when others are greedy etc etc

people burned by LINK now are less likely to buy it ever again, which means they would be double JUSTed when it inevitably moons.
inevitablyKeep repeating it to youself.
another one bites the JUST
Literally a CHADCOIN.
Nobody can predict what it'll do next.
LINK is a lifestyle for /biz/ retards.
Yesterday news of new industry standard for oracles and apis to be used in conjunction with IoT standards etc.
Basically, industry standards for oracles are coming and they don't need tokens.
I hope you can get out in the next 30mins.
Lmao you're fucked.
>t.
bought LINK in Sept then sold for 2x before total crash.