Is Satoshi alive?If so, he has a current net worth of $8 mother fucking BILLIONWhy has he never cashed out even a few mil?.
How do we know of his net worth?
How do u know he hasn't?
Because the blockchain is public retard
I'm guessing his btc address is public knowledge?
So people can check the incomings/outgoings
Assumptions on which wallets are his/their's from early mining
Do you even bitcoin faggot?PUBLIC FUCKING LEDGER
Because if he HODLs he will literally be the richest man on earth one day.
By the time he's an old man he'll be god of the new world.
Odds are he's either dead or lost the keys
4470540Show me the wallet address(es) with his 1 million coins that haven't moved in years then you fucking dipshits.
he has a shit ton of wallet all with different amounts.
at this point we don't know exactly which ones are his so we don't know if he cashed out at least something
forgot his password
Oh, he's alive, alright https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZNtbAFnr-0
He will do his endgame move around 2032
CraigHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
There must be loads of early miner wallets just sitting there with hundreds of k worthI think in future (10-20 years maybe) it will be big business trying to hunt down keys etc on old HDDs to find the missing BTC, like treasure hunting
Bitcoin was created by CIA and NSA.
So easy to usher in the one world currency when you promise some profits to the early adopters.
The rest will follow right in like lambs to the slaughter
https://bitinfocharts.com/top-100-richest-bitcoin-addresses.htmlEnjoy
You realize the blockchain is public right?If someone started moving lots of BTC (now worth millions) from dormant 2009 wallets it would be big news everywhere "SATOSHI IS CASHING OUT, HES ALIVE"
In 2217, the AI god attempts to find Satoshi's private key.
one world currencyyou realize fiat already exists, right?
Just because you have to convert different currencies, doesn't mean there isn't already an agreed upon, albeit disjointed, store of value that people use to negotiate global exchanges.crypto currency just simplifies and normalizes an already inefficient system
which ones are satoshi's?
The CIA killed him after gavin anderson doxxed him
He posted to /biz/ recently.
He said he lost the keys.
So in bitcoins infancy, how many coins could someone mine in a day using a basic bitch Dell laptop low spec grandma edition?
Ie someone who knew nothing about computers but liked the novelty of crypto and started mining while they browsed geocities and MySpace
Satoshi works with the CIA.
They will use that money to fund whatever they need.
They just need to wait til it hits 10K
How early you talking?
In 08 a couple thousand a day.
In 09 a couple hundred
No, I killed him.
Took all his BTC afterwards.
Clean job.
Dumped him into the sea.
In 08...No.
spoonfeed me!!
!kys
You dont know it
Not asking to be spoonfed you mongoloid, but the burden of proof is on the shit-spewing retards that can't back their claims up.
Satoshi = deep state BTC was created to ease the transition to digital money.Cryptsy, mtgox, silk road were all deep state setups to subtlety gain control over gobs of BTC.
no, thats called spoonfeeding when its information EASILY fucking accessible to anyone who googles it"it"?
this shows you have NO idea how the coins are stored.
thisonly retard would think Satoshi is some random guyit's pentagon/NSA/CIA/NASA
satoshi is an ai that lives off sha256 hashes
Right... yet you still can't cough up the addresses.
All of the top addresses by BTC amount have been accessed in 2016/2017.
I don't really give a fuck either way, I have enough BTC to be retired in the next 3-5 years.
Have fun being a faggot.
original bitcoin code was too shit to be pentagon/cia i wouldn't doubt it is just some random pajeet.
probably someone in the NSA figured out who it was and killed him off after they failed to get the private keys out of him.
If that's the case, he can claim the title of "most JUSTED man alive".