has  btc in holding>quiited job last 2 months>full time crypto (((enthusiast)))>renting (not living with parent)Did I just fell in the NEET category?
why not keep working so you dont have to take money from your investments to live and so you have additional income to keep adding to your investmentsyou aint gonna make it
Maybe because trading crypto all day is more profitable than doing his job
Trading typically isn't profitable long term for most people (doesn't stop me from trying...).
it's good to have money in the market though for unique 10x events that happen every month because rich people are bored
neet is master race.
i draw hentai for a living and consider myself neet.
my life is awesome.
have a friend who'se a lawyer.
works hard as fuck 6 days a week and is trapped by his high standard of living.
car payments, fancy apartment, fancy everything.
and the only who has time to enjoy it is his gf haha.
you're doing the right thing anon.
trade your way into a comfy life, be careful not to spend your money on stupid shit it'll ruin you.
be careful not to spend your money on stupid shit it'll ruin you.>tfw have a gf
OP here I do have a gf but she's studying abroad.
I told her about this but I feel beta as fuck.
Because of the whole "get a job, get a comfy life" mindset.
I'm thinknig of buying an asset eg.
land or anything, or maybe start a small business with this funds.
Mind you my country doesn't tax crypto gains (yet), but maybe soon, so gotta do it before it does.
Also, as a web dev, I'm getting a freelance job as well so there is still money coming in from another source.
pussy is worth wasting your time with work
>normies consider bitcoin an investment and not a money tree.Nice scarcity mentality you got there, mate.
Btc will be worth $100k in the next 5 years, he will be pretty good.
With $500k you can retire in spain.
where are you from?i haven't looked but im sure spain will rape me taxes wisebut standard of living is low enough to retire with half a million bucks (after taxes that is)
Malaysia
What part of Spain are you from, and what would you consider an income to do pretty much whatever you want, whenever you want?
dude minimum wage here is like 700 bucksyou can buy a property in one of the big cities for like $350k and rent it for 1000 bucks and live a NEET lifestyle by buying another place outside of the city like a comfy house>and what would you consider an income to do pretty much whatever you want, whenever you want?lol impossible unless you are floyd mayweather
>quiited jobHope you weren't a teacher.
Fair enough, thanks for the insight.
I already have 2 properties in the UK that generate $1700 between them though, and they only cost $260k for both.
The rental yields appear to be stronger here.
So $700 a month is enough to get by?
Are you in a touristy area or more rural?
I do have a gf but she's studying abroadYou better get rich soon, or else she'll just stay with one of guys she's currently fucking