Qualified Dev Team, Working Product, real world application.
Tell me why you can invest in Confido and overlook something like this.
$xvg is heading to the moon in a few days and you're here shilling this bullshit?
give it a rest.
Refers to MOonD as BS> Shills biggest shitcoin out thereHe is THE ONE!
Yeah it wont take much to push this to $2.50.
Cant wait!
rock solid
Nooo body believes the xvg bullshit anymore STEALTH COIN IS ALREADY goin live XST isnt a meme like suneroks fagcoin
is it an erc20?
available where?
once i've had my lamington i may go all in
because I bought MOD for 0.70$ a piece and sold 66% at 2$, holding 10k more MOD until it's 5$
Binance has all the volume.
Its at a 40 million market cap and will pay dividends soon.
Some pharmaceutical company worth billions is backing it
I think itll dip further sub 2500
Realistic price range.
Go
They predicted a breakeven point in 2018.
That would mean $1 per token in 2018?
Sounds too good to be true desu.
remember, it took apple 20 years to pay dividends
In the course of it downtrending.
We do not want your bags.
Dump is on.
Bags?
Wats poppin B.
These ain bags, these is money.
I the realest.
Modum
they got problems with the finance regulations in switzerland, no thanks
Source?
I know it because I work in switzerland too.
the FINMA (google it) has their problem with the modum company.
Could end bad for them.
Qualified Dev Team, >Working Product, >real world application.
Oh really
Was asked for a source>"I know it because I work in switzerland too"Please do us a favour.
Kys faggot.
do you have google in india ?
do a fucking research or stop investing money you'll lose it allhttp://www.inside-it.ch/articles/48973
They don't have problems with the finma but our law here will adapt to ICOs, i think MODUM will be OK
Faggot are you medically stupid or what?I never said Modum has problem with FINMA.I'm invested in Modum.
I fucking know that Modum has been proactive with the FINMA and regulations.Also I'm a German.
Now go eat shit and die, du Hurensohn.
Fucking stupid Swiss geez.
ahah du armes schwein