I'm the OP from this postJust wanted to say if you bought from when I told you to buy and held you made some nice earnings, but there's to come!
In a couple of hours, miners will switch to mine BCH.
We will also surpass ETH's marketcap.
You have been warned and for those that have listened (and did not panic sell), congrats!
May everyone make it.
Miners are already switching just look at the mempool on blockchain.info it just keeps going up and up
fuck off and stop trying to make people poor
thank you based anon
I am not making people poor, it is your emotions taking over to sell when there is a dip/dump.
Take some time to learn the fundamentals of BCH, you will be surprised.
Does BCH have any cap like BTC’s 21mil?
Long-term, what are you BCH shills thinking price wise?
If BTC gradually falls, which is very likely (down to 6000 even), BCH will likely go up as a result.
Moved my entire portfolio from BTC to BCH like 4 mins ago and already green, THANKS!!!
TAfag knows the futurewhy not buy BTC and wait for BCH correction?all you TAfags with your crystal balls sure are pretty confident with your callsbut at the end of the day youre guesstimating like the rest of us
Lol today was your last change to buy bitcoin for less than $1000People don't realise this is their 2nd change
We already had a major correction about 10 hours ago we had a huge drop from 1000 back to high 800s.
Then it steadily rose at a reasonable pace.
Free market bitch
speaking of unsustainable pumpshehehe ive been having a great time and making mad profits buying and dumping this retarded ass shitcoinbe smart out therbe carefulplay your cards right
New core for Bitcoin, I guess that's the end of your shitcoin:https://bitcoin.org/en/release/v0.15.1
Changes nothing
Lol hedge funds and miners are going all in on bitcoin cash, 10 billion doesn’t just appear out of no where... they have more incentive than anyone to see the flippening happen money is leaving bitcoin in a mass exodus.
If you look at it from the mindset of a Wall Street professional, bitcoin cash can achieve mass adoption whereas bitcoin can’t.
The upside for bitcoin cash is huge, it has better tech too.
I'm glad you are making profit.Satoshi has more to offer you if you read his whitepaper, however.
This will actually decide the fate of bitcoin in the coming weeks/months.
it has better tech too.8MB is literally the only difference.
A bunch of other currencies are better than both in that department
is the volume also broken for you all?
The name, Bitcoin still stands.The community behind Bitcoin (not CORE) still stands.
Tell me anon, do the other currencies have this right now?
Yes, it seems like it is so.Also, there was a huge dump at 0.23 because Bithumb crashed.
I've personally never seen so much transaction volume before.
People/institutions are waking up
>tfw sold at .226my guess it'll go dip below .185
its free of segwit and off-chain bullshit solutions in the roadmap
Same 21 mil cap yeah.
So in theory either a flippening happens or both moon... why is BCH any less worthy than BTC?This is the reason I didn’t dump my BCH after the fork.
Not gonna get jewed out of my crypto retirement.
It's not.
BCH is what Bitcoin was meant to be.Current ticker coin BTC has been delaying scaling for over 2 years now.
why is BCH any less worthy than BTCThis is the argument people have been fudding and shilling over for the past 3 months.
I can only recommend that you do your own research and come to your own conclusions.
If you want my opinion, flippening is very much on the cards.
you are a dumb nigger if you think this corporate take over has anything to do with satoshiI read the paper when BTC was $1fucking scammer
Please read the whitepaper again.It seems like you misread.
I think it can go either way and it really depends on the miners.
Also, BCH is going to need to be on Coinbase and other normie friendly venues if there is any chance of overtaking Core.
Boomers can figure out Coinbase, but I don’t see them going to the trading platforms any time soon.I still think best strategy is just hold both and sleep comfy knowing that at least one of these coins (if not both) will be 5 digits in the next couple years.
I currently have 1126 bits.How long till I'm rich?
You clearly don't understand what we're dealing with here.
btc segwit is the corporate takeover, it's literally owned by axa
soooo many noobs in the space are getting scammed by this corporate takeoveri dont feel sorry for them https://youtu.be/AecPrwqjbGw
BCH has the most daily volume of all cryptocurrencies now, even beating BTC.Think about that
btc core is the corporate takeoverhttps://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800https://cointelegraph.com/news/lightning-network-will-be-highly-centralized-gavin-andresen
Hey I'm a fucking retard so bear with me, I bought about 0.1BTC in March and forgot about it - does this mean I also own 0.1BHC right now?
If my understanding of hard forks is correct?
I think it will go to 2100-2200$ or 0.35 BTC, then panic will ensue
yes
Where did you leave that 0.1?If you left it in a wallet that you own the private keys to, yes you have been distributed 0.1 BCH as well.
Some exchanges like Bittrex/Kraken have also distributed their users with BCH, but not all of them (Coinbase for example).
However, Coinbase has mentioned it would start distributing in Late December and throughout January.
4302795Ok, thanks.Yep, everything's on my local Armory wallet.
What should I use for BHC and also the upcoming segwit2x fork?
I don't think Armory supports anything other than the official bitcoin core
I'm not sure to be honest.You could contact them and ask.You can choose to save the BCH if you truly believe in it.
The choice is yours.
Enlighten us then you smart ass
I'm not sure what exactly you mean, but I don't believe in anything.
I invested £100 as a hobby, now I'm holding forever and watching the fluctuations.
It's like a pet but it also makes you moneyI was just wondering what actual wallet software you guys use, surely I don't need to contact "them" whoever you meant to get a recommendation
I was referring to segwit2x.As for wallets that support BCH, there is Electron Cash, a similar wallet to Electrum.
There should be posts online on how to get it setup.
Please be careful on verifying your sources as some links will lead to fake downloads
jihan wu is your banker nowbcash cant scaleif that was the solution, litecoin did it years ago
I was referring to segwit2x.Oh right, ok.Thanks for your advice anon
SEGWITTERS PISSING THEMSELVES
100 BTC buy wall at 0.205Not trying to speculate, but expect to see some price action here
the other concerning thing about Bcash is that since it forked from BTC, whales from BTC are automatically whales in Bcash (this is a good reason why a fork is stupid vs starting a new coin/chain), but now that its been out a few months without much use, those whales are even bigger in Bcash.
I'm quitting around 0,24 this time, is it good or low?
these bcash pumps are hilariously not automated and predictable at all lollol oh the dump is going to be GLORIOUS
Phew.. Just cashed out on this spike..When is a good time to buy in again?
If I sell all my BTC for bcash, how soon should I check back to see if/when to go back?I've been hodling my entire life and I can't into rapid changes.
Would you say it's safe to go to sleep and then do stuff and come back in like 24 hours or is there a significant risk of crash by then
the time to fomo is NOWlolyou will have to buy with alts though as the btc mempool is flooded to the point of being useless while the hashrate is being shifted for the scam coin
Right now, BTC price is going down (possibly to 6000) I'd say this is still open for anyone, traders and holders alike.
BCH does not have deterministic transaction IDs, how can I have faith in such a poor decision?It's basically a shittier bitcoin with a bigger blocksize.
BCH is garbage.
trading right now is not for people who need sleepyou are best in fiat but the mempool is full due to fake satoshi aids
I can't guarantee any price calls, anon.I know this will keep running however.If you are comfortable in trading, please don't do it.
as soon as it breaks this 0.21 it's going straight to the massive sell wall at 0.23. then it's going to drop a bit before going to 0.3.
If you are comfortable in trading, please don't do it.Pretty sure you mean the other way around.
I'll listen to  then and continue doing what I have always doneBut know that if BHC goes above 1BTC I will blame you anons
Sorry, I meant if you are not comfortable, then don't do it.
Was a typo on my end!
This post ws exactly right on it being about an hour before the next pump
stable around 0.211, time for another run up to 0.22-0.23. there's still a chance for you to make money but only if you buy in now.
none of the other currencies are a continuation of the original bitcoin's balances
Hmm I wonder what happened last time BCH pumped.
(pic related)What could possibly go wrong?
cept for the corporate takeover coin with no real dev team bgold says they will have a live chain in a day now thoughwhat a fucking war on bitcoinmempool is closed due to fake satoshi aidscant move shit
Get in and wake up rich
Fake satoshi and and bitcoin satan are having a blast
this time will be different
go zoom in some more to that first pump, and compare it to now lol
then this whole experiment will be a failed one
segwsegwit is on the network right nowguess what!?
you NEVER HAVE TO USE IT IF YOU DONT LIKE ITEVERNOT ONCE
its the other way around but youre too retarded to comprehend it
Also, all "segwit" really is is deterministic transaction IDs which we should have anyways.
It's just good practice.
Why should two transactions that are exactly the same, be referred to with two different IDs?
It makes no sense.
It just so happens that this allows for lightning network (and other off-chain development).
But who cares about that?
Let them try stuff if they want.
You don't have to care.
Atm, I don't really care for the price.
But I've noticed that we're $7bill marketcap away from surprassing ETH.
Let that sink in for you guys.It was almost $16bill yesterday.
Just remember: BCH is BAD for bitcoin users and investors, and GOOD for miners.
Bitcoin white paper is about decentralisation not about a bunch of miners monopolizing all the hash power
I have 200LTC.
I'm thinking of selling 100 and dumping it into
really the only thing to do is EXIT ALL CRYPTO MARKETSoh you cantmempool closed do to fake satoshi AIDS
bitcoin core developers dont give a fuck about the whitepaper, even less than the bitcoin cash developersso who is the real bitcoin then?
there is none
Would you call CORE's attempts at bettering (if that's a word) to be decentralization?
Use some fuckign signatures then bitchIts always 100s of anon shills, contradicting each othermuh I told you so
Apologies, I will consider it next time.
hahahaha look at the dump
Where are all the Bitcoin miners?
No trasnaction going thru
I'd presume that's normal, anon.I stopped looking at the charts.
Be sure to message me next week tho.
too much hash power on fake bitcoin right nowmempool closed due to fake satoshi AIDS
lol fake satoshi is going to go broke in this battle
Why does Bitcoin need to rely on printed money anyway?
Are they scared?
Thought Bitcoin Cash was supposed to be a 'joke' to them lol.I rest my case
tether is its own project take it up with the tether team at finex
This.
If the stupid chink miners get their "flippening," they'll be killing the goose that lays the golden eggs.
If they kill BTC it will destroy confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
too much hash power on fake bitcoin right nowsorry what?
WTF?
has everyboy hodling bitcoins before aug. gotten the equivalent in bhc?
China is full tilt in its efforts to destroy bitcoin.
Mempool is full, no blocks mined in the past 40m~ and more hashpower is moving to BCH and It is currently 82.2% more profitable to mine on the Bitcoin Cash blockchain...
of coursetheres a reason why people keep saying you should hodl bitcoin you faggot
How long do you think it will take for LTC to rise decently btw?
How tf am I supposed to buy bch if my btc transaction to exchange is not getting confirmed?
Fucking chinks lost their heads.
Looks like flip not going to happenThe peak was 1.2 : 1.0 still BTC dominanceNow BCH hashrate drops suddenly and unexpectedly
its been a bidding war and retaliation in wavesthis is war
mice, JUST bought 100c
I bought my btc in 2013 but only came bakc recently.
How can I access them(bhc)?
They don't show in my bitcoin core wallet.
Once BTC dips below 6k, shits going to get very interesting
call tech support
wow dude you must be like an expert at this whole thing or somethinghow the hell are you predicting an unbelievably whale pumped coin with 50% of its volume on a single exchange that happens to have no fees is going to keep rising?teach us master
I am the guy that said that in 1-2 weeks something drastic will happen.
And now I am back.
If you are a bitcoin cash holder then this is good news for you but to not jump the gun or spoil any plans.
I can sadly only give you a vague clue.The rope will be cut and the fox will die as well as those that are sucking it's tits.
right bch die, got it.
Cut ur profit.
How certain are we that it will?
It hit strong resistance at 62 and is now treading water at 63.
if BTC dies all crypto will fallow
herro again
Hello, how's everyone doing.I am not looking at the charts, but just curious what everyone else thinks of the recent events with BCH and BTC
We'll see BTC at 6k in roughly 4-5 hours from TA.I wouldn't watch the charts atm.Also take a look at the hashrate difference from now and then.
But if BCH takes over, then BTC never died.
Nah, it will take a few years for BCH (the future bitcoin) to recover though due to all the salty people who were afk during this war.
I hate Koreans so goddamn much
ok bought my bags at 2080k sats, when we mooning?
Alan Silbert @alansilbert3h3 hours agoJust so you are aware of who you are placing your confidence in with BCash:Craig Wright - Fake Satoshi who tried to con everybody.Roger - Who told you Mt Gox and Bitcoin Unlimited were safe.Jihan - Mining/chip mafia leader and Antbleed purveyor
If you're the guy with the threads "3 days remaining" etc... You're a god.
Bought at 350
IM GETTING JUSTED SO HARD ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
((((((((((((((((((((((((Silber)))))))))))))))))))))You really fucking cant make it up
NO SURVIVORSthis is what you faggots get for entering a fucking warzone
BCH fundamentalsGo on, name some.
The minute facade of the pump is anatomically distinctThis is what you sound like.
all the miners switched to bitcoin cash is what he means.
You're a fucking retard if you think there is a 1 to 1 connection.
made over $1000 sleeping last night.
i woke up to a nice surprise!
when asia wakes up.
it will pump.
I  WILL  NEVER  PANIC  SELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
empty blocks and cheap feestill the blocks are fullno fixes for the asic boostand a YUGE 3 person dev teamwhat else could you need?
DUMP DAT PUMP FOR DA WINZ
I will save you a callShit in a boxProfit
Korea or China
Nobody gives a fuck if people are whales.
It doesn't change shit.BTC blockchain is a good blockchain because the repartition of the coins happened when crypto wasn't even a thing, so you have a few adresses owning most of it, a lot of lost adresses and an immediately rare coin.
The ones arriving had to invest a lot to buy some if they want to fork and make money out of the fork.
Therefore they have a very strong skin in the game.
4304621it's over the second coinbase releases their supply
This.
Bitcoin is antifragile, and the blockchain we today call cash will be worth more than 8k$ by the end of this year.The more you try to hurt it (like jewing and censoring everybody with segwit and other shitty technologies), the more it benefits from it.
BCH is the proof that even if a team of guys takes over Bitcoin, some other guys with another vision can fork it and continue the initial vision of the coin.Which means Bitcoin is resistant to all sorts of attacks, from central bankers critising it to faggots developers pushing poor code on it.Your FUD on BCH is a waste of time.
>they don't know about the chain death spiral scenarioSorry, you never had a chance boys
That's very poor of an argumentation.
Adding 20k BCH to the overall supply won't change much.
gains were madebut I dunno if it'll go through these walls any time soonwe might be lucky tomorrow perhaps
Shouldn't the Asians be waking up again soon?Wat habbens then?
It's 6:30 AM in china, there's going to be a dump
the exit dump is comming
This.
Free market at work.
Hello all, thought I'd chime in as I come back from doing some IRL stuff.
Everything seems okay, BCH had a price correction, hashrate for BCH is now over 60% and now it's Asia's turn to decide what's next.
I don't expect too much price action, but I also don't expect a dump either.
mmm so good all this moneyglad i did nto listen to /bizBCH is eazy moneymmmhehhehe
Can someone explain what's up with China now?
I though their exchanges closed?
So how are they trading?
Through Korean exchanges, which explainsthe massive volume of BCH on Bithumb
vpns very common in china
That's so complicated, what happens if a hedge fund bought BTC before the fork but now holds BCH as well?
Does it steal it?
All in BCH.Never felt so comfy.
There's 132 985 unconfirmed BTC transactions right now representing probably a queue of 2-4 hours of transactions.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsAnyone who is still holding BTC, consider this:The vast majority of people transacting now are likely doing so between their wallet and an exchange.If you had BTC, would you take it out of an exchange during this, essentially locking it for hours and it would take hours to get it back to the exchange?
Improbable.We can therefore assume the vast majority of those transactions is BTC going into exchanges to get immediately dumped, or so that the owner can "wait and see and be able to dump if necessary".132 985 transactions of BTC of most is heading to exchanges to be dumped either immediately or when the owner gets convinced the flippening really will happen.Goodbye BTC.
then bitcoin will be dead and i will be done with the failed experiment
miners have flooded the mempool and are dumping on us
Doesn't matter who wins in the end, I'm in team bitcoin
this
There's 132 985 unconfirmed BTC transactions right now representing probably a queue of 2-4 hours of transactions.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsUhh you'll be lucky to clear that in 2-4 days, in fact I suspect a lot of those transactions will be stuck for 2 weeks and then drop out of the mempool, by which time BTC will be worth a tiny fraction of what it is now.
I thank C-t Almighty for the fork now, it was like a back up.
try now anon....!we're off blasting through them sell walls at 0.21194 on trex
>down to 129075>from 132k% in < 5 minutes>WILL>TAKE>DAYS/biz/tier maths ladies and gents FUCKING KEK
I'm afraid of going to bed while holding BCHI have about 1/4 of my assets in it at the momentwhat do
lol pussy, im all in scalping this shit, went for 0.31 to 0.46 btc today.
Eth
set a notification if it drops below a number you're not comfortable with
Order cocaine from the internet
Holy fuck it's ACTUALLY going to flippen.
4307716ok I've set an alarm to buy cocaine off the internet if BCH drops below uncomfortable levels thanks /biz/
>then drop out of the mempoolmy god that would be marvelous, pink wojaks like we have never seen before.
the other concerning thing about Bcash is that since it forked from BTC, whales from BTC are automatically whales in Bcash (this is a good reason why a fork is stupid vs starting a new coin/chain), but now that its been out a few months without much use, those whales are even bigger in Bcash.Right.
Just imagine all the ICOs sitting on huge stacks of ETH and BTC getting giant airdrops, doubling their already free money.
if BTC dies all crypto will fallowI kind of agree with this.
Bitcoin was a cool story, bro.
Satoshi, decentral, fuck the man.
But because of all this drama its becoming a drama theater of personalities and a giant display about why we can't have consensus or nice things.
Add to that a whole lot of little people who just hodl a small amount suddenly getting rekt and crypto will stink
check https://discord.gg/dP4sb6e
Last bump for this thread,seems like it's gonna die out soon.No problem, we will just have to meet another time.Til then, just keep calm and let the market do its thing.
Make sure you're recognisable for the next thread if possible
lol
cant play my part in the market when the fucking scumbags have spammed the mempool into an unusable mess
7 hours later and still not anywhere near Ether market capLYING PIECE OF SHIT
Whales have been accumulating big at $1300-$1400
You mean people trying urgently to get their BTC in/out of exchanges while the price crashes?
The more you try to hurt it (like jewing and censoring everybody with segwit and other shitty technologies), the more it benefits from it.
>BCH is the proof that even if a team of guys takes over Bitcoin, some other guys with another vision can fork it and continue the initial vision of the coin.>Which means Bitcoin is resistant to all sorts of attacks, from central bankers critising it to faggots developers pushing poor code on it.This is one of the best points made here today
miners flood the pool with a ton of stupid low tx feesthey then keep everyone from moving btcthen manipulate the price of bch and btc in tandembeen watching it all day
miner and fake satoshi are dumping on everyone
waah they didn't pay 500 sat/b for their txThe fee actually required to get a tx processed on BTC in a reasonable time is now so high it's starting to trigger an "absurdly high fee" sanity check it Bitcoin Core lol.
I don't trust BCC for some reason...
I hate that fuckin Jigan jerkoff and boiled dogs eaters in general.
ADHD pajeet gets jumpy after 7 hours
REEEEEE WHY ISNT IT MOVING IM ALL IN ON BCH BUT I JUST WANT MOVEMENT EITHER WAY WAKE UP YOU GOOKS
you are too stupid to get my pointi didnt complain about the feesi pointed out that if you look at the mempool right now, its flooded by tx with low fees and is currently at record high flood points.
the miners are letting thier own tx through (getting the fees back anyhow) and making everyone else who paid fees wait
That's because, as much as Blockstream likes to lie about it, miners control the coin.
With a low block size, it's easier for them to play favorites with tx's.
youve fallen down the reddit whole and been sucking too much bitcoin jesus and fake satoshi cock
Good night all.
Hope you all make it.
The last ATH was only like 12 hours ago.
Be patient.
Ok, I lied last call before I stop for real this time.BTC downtrend to 6100 -> 5k maybe?!?!
?BCH upgrade / miner opportunity Should see some amazing results soon..
Been riding the waves all day and up 40% total, but its now time for bed, depending on how the trend looks tommorow i might go in again, thank you based asians and goodnight.
It’s Sunday the chinks and Koreans are sleeping late cause they don’t go to churchOne hour until they wake up and dump
cause they don’t go to church>implying anyone does apart from you amerilardshopefully your skywizard will bring you great fortune.
This is a replay of August 17-19th.
This.
Should be obvious, but a lot of noobs have just bought in and aren't aware.
This is literally the same game they played and profited from over the summer
Congrats everyone, I can't sleep.We hit ATH once again :)We will make it all!
I remember this fud.
It's old, why don't you try a new one?
Yes.These really aren't the same circumstances.
BTC has dug itself a grave.
60 BTC sell wall at 0.24
BCH is just shy of 1/4 BTC value.
Jump on this is the end of BTC, still plenty of money to be made.
Congrats.
:DIt will be fun to see all the salt when BTC reaches 5K.
Broke it, at this point it's really hard to determine any result...
it was 100 BTC and it just got fucking annihilated
I've been bullish on BCH since $380 but now I'm a bit scared.
Flippening would be amazing but right now I have 90% of my investments in BCH and if it suddenly crashes I'm fucked.Anyone else diversifying and eating the losses on mad gains just to be safe?
What coins do you have?
Do you plan on jumping back on bitcoin at some price point?
Monero, ETH, LTC
Fucking jej at that delusion
What's the point?
BTC hegemony is broken and everyone knows it.
BCH is the king now.
I have my other 10% in ETH, SALT, MIOTA, DASH.
Maybe putting another 20% of my stack in them.
Do you know what lies in Bitcoin Cash?
A new world.
A man who, with Bitcoin Core, had not a house, is, with bitcoin cash, the master of a city.
He who was the master of a city begs in the gutter.
There, at the end of the world, you are not what you were born, but what you have it in yourself to be.
hey mate thanks for spreading the good wordi didn't need your advice because i've been paying attention but at least you tried to get the good message out theregot an address to tip to?
i made a quarter of my annual salary in just 2 days so i feel a little generous to good people like yourself
lol
ditto50%/LTC (SAFE-LOW RISK) 35% ETH (LOW RISK )15% MXR (MED/LOW RISK)
Just purchased 21 BCH.
Sorry guys but my luck is abysmal.
BCH will crash now and I'd advise getting out.
All in on BCH and my portfolio just broke $15k.
I'm going to warn you guys now, this is the 4th time I hit $15k this year before crashing back down to zero profit.
If this curse holds true, you'd all better sell now before it's too late.
you had weeks to discover the mastermind strategies happening recently
It’s over bitcoin cash is the real deal
4309586Maybe this is finally the time we all make it to lambo land
Well it's never going below 380 even if it crashes, so you can't "lose" anyways if you got in that early
Thanks, I appreciate the kind words.
:)I love giving back to the community.
It just feels so rewarding sometimes.
If you do want to tip me feel free here: 18USieF3SMMEeaeJEFrFfA4Znuz1nsZ6hx(BTC address)
i have no idea whats going on, i think i might just call it quits for today, smoke a joint and go to bed, this isnt what i expected.
are you sure you want BTC?
I was expecting a BCH address!
I really fucking hope so.
I don't think I can handle losing all my profit again.
I just want to see what $16k looks like!
Oh my ... the lack of sleep lol.I guess using a BCH address would be 100X be better haha.It's 3AM here ~_~BTC(not segwit coin) address: 1HnPUPdgd3Npa7TuSCR4WtXk674Xm2Scch
well he knows that BCH will tank hard as soon as the difficulty adjusts...but hey, just keep buying the top
You can tip me too (yes, I'm begging like a desperate nigga), I made the call of that sell wall.I accept BCC1Lno4tiR8KmHbQcVyCmCfkCtPnATMhLEwXIt went down in seconds but now it's slowing down and it looks like a little bit out of fuel.
Not crashing but stagnat, I expect a correction anytime soon.
263 BTC wall getting demolished.What is happening!?!?!
Ill send you some BCH.
Just tell me, who is your daddy?
Wew big buywall at .25
its being pump and dumped, just like every coin in this grouphttps://discord.gg/7AcEnn3
You, Daddy12vH8Vq5h1d2Eha1Dq4KwGvMMeEV147FMu
4307151not to mention on monday even more miners will flood from btc to bchits actually happeningminers are saving bitcoin from blockstream
i fucking told you guys to buy in while it's at 0.20 and sell at 0.25 for an easy profit.
all you had to do was listen.
I was waiting for the dip.
Well even if it is then they're inadvertently triggering the flippening.
It's fucking happening as we speak.
WE 1600 NOW
i bought more around august 2 and more in the months after, niggersleep tight, pupper0b58b4fe689c1a7f9ab070e5bf1b2d4c0725f1adb10d93c1c4f4cde63f7534ccsleep tight, pupper0b58b4fe689c1a7f9ab070e5bf1b2d4c0725f1adb10d93c1c4f4cde63f7534ccthat's it guys, no more begging either!
who is your daddy?You're my daddy Anyway I take back my words, It's going up and up.
What a nice feeling.Just don't be too greedy, guys.
4309767hey same block, neat
Some correction happened from 0.262But I am super amazed at how well this is maintaining its momentum.
I cannot sleep but I admit this has been a very entertaining ride.
Thank you I truly appreciate it :)
lmao
So, why would miners stay on BCH if in 21hrs BTC will be around 2X more profitable to mine???
Thank you, bro.I really appreciate it.
Fucking hell, get a fuckin' load of St. Peter over here!
Depends on what miners opinions on BTC/BCH are.
And even with good hashrate, clearing the mempool is going to take time.
Be fearful when fags are greedy Time to dump
tfw you dumped at $950 because biz told me it was going to dump Not falling for that one again!
What happens when the last coin is mined?
Do all miners stop then and transactions will slow down to zero?
that's like 100 years from now who cares
Do I go into BCH or is it too late?
I've made very good gains with OMG but it's been a constant downhill these last few months so I'm down nearly half and I need some positive gains now
Congrats in advance on becoming a millionaire anon :)
The problem is that at this point if it's a PnD it's too late to bother with, but if it's a real flippening you can't afford NOT to get in.
this has been the state of crypto since 2010t.
gtx560 owner who had the wrong architecture to mine in the early days and thought the price was at ATH anyway in double figures
BCH is gonna take over BTC.
It was designed to rebel against BTC being slow as fuck.
The thought of BTC being dethroned is waking everyone up.
bitcoin block rewards is halved and halved and halved over time and the miners are weened off block rewards.
Eventually, if bitcoin is ubiquitous then the price will be very high.
The fees will still be low (because of large blocks) but there will be incredible volume, so the miners will be receiving their incentives through (many) small fees
For real guy, this was my day trying out this stuff, fuck me you guys are crazy, made me a couple of hundred dollars thx to u faggots, shoulda just put all my saving in though at the start.
I wanna stay in but u guys are giving me mixed messages
Join Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%Join us now :)
PAGING SATOSHI!
PAGING SATOSHI!
WE NEED YOU ONLINE TO DUMP YOUR BCH NOW
wtf is happening?
is bittrex down?
the shit aint updating
same for me, it better not be crashing while i cant sell
same.
btc-bcc won't load.
i'm considering selling into usdt because i'm afraid something is going 'wrong'
wtf RIP
sum ting wong.... sum ting extremely wong.
WE ARE MOONING AGAIN0.4 HERE WE GO
>OG DAY 1 0.16 BAGHOLDER HEREWHOS LAUGHING NOW?
Because of the existence of transaction fees and difficulty scaling, it will always be profitable for people to mine.
Except during weird upset periods (like now) where it's more profitable to mine something else.
Difficulty scaling will adjust for this.
Kek same bought at .154 and was terrified I'd made a bad decision
So real talk should I buy BTC after this whole mess is over or just kinda wait?
I feel those tabs HAVE to be a joke right?
right?
like, no way you don't know how to use the snipping program (considering that's not a full screen shot).
but 10/10 would view again.also, seems the bullrun is restarted.
to .4 we go!
Hello, everyoneDid you all see those 1000 BTC walls?Insane.
That was only a taste of what's to come.If you truly believe in this, keep sharing the word out.
That will only help.
Price is one thing, but vision and success is another.