ALTCOINS getting Fuuucckked........
except chancoin
what is IOTA
refugee shitcoin.
NULS is comfy desu, its been correcting to .80c and holding steady as BTC rises, charts and competition manipulation point to it mooning hard as soon as BTC stabilizes.
meanwhile hodling BAY
Alts will continue to get raped through to the end of year, while the strong coins (XMR, ETH, maybe LTC) moon, then 2018 will be great for alts.That's how I think it'll play out, anyway.
monero is solid ~120 and ready to go up as soon as btc stops

Why would this happen in 2018?Especially with all the institutional money about to come in.
with all the institutional money about to come inI suggest you start doing your own research, you're getting memed waaaay too hard by this place.
Ark's floor is holding pretty strong
Why is Hshare up 50%, sonofabithch.jpg
Not if you picked the right entry and the right coins ;)
This gives me déjà vu.
BTC soaring high, alts bleeding, then Cash climbing almost to the top.
Will it happen again?
Pls no.
What happened with BTC this time?
Why did it jump from 6.6k to 7.4?
oh fuck, it's really happening.
I was right.
comfy as fuck desu senpai
Why would this happen in 2018?Normies have heard of bitcoin in 2017, normies think it's a bubble, 2018 they realise fuck it I can make money.
Naturally, they start trading alts too.But they buy high and sell low, so it's good for us.
But wont they invest more in BTC than ALT-Coins?After all they are barely able to understand what BTC is, so wont they be to fearful of ALT?
I need Monero to dip fucking hell
coins just need some buzzwords and hype, normies love that shit.
Is there any annual award for the shitcoin of the year?
We have some strong competition right now
still they will throw their money all over the market and bitcoin is the only thing they will agree on.
LMC going up
Siacoin?
Do not forget that even recently Bitcoin himself felt like an altcoin
Anon at  is right - there's no insitutional money coming in.
All there is is that CME will clear bets on the future of bitcoin.
But like sports gambling, none of that betting money actually gets to the teams