LRC generalPrice predections after the news tommorow?
After bittrex listing?Articles:https://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7ehttps://medium.com/@joeykeeton/the-new-trading-economy-of-loopring-60eaeed77610
$1/LRC
After which of those?
We're definitely doubling tommorrow minimum but we need an exchange with more volume to guaranteed do something crazy like that.
What news?
Parternership with NEO and the launch of the new exchange
After every dump, people are desperately looking for another moon mission.
Bittrex listing by December 5th and the launch of NEX, which will be NEO's dEX that'll use Loopring to bridge the connection between NE5 tokens (NEO) and ERC20 (Eth.)
tokens.
Loopring is the 'middle man' between the two (in addition to other functions).This is a great short term, mid term AND long term hold.
You'll be able to flip and make profits all the way up to and over $1.00 in the coming months.
Don't shill me too fucking faggot I already have 71k locked up in the midterm contract.
Bought in at 4¢ ;)But pls tell me where you heard about this bittrex listing
Someone just dumped the fuck out of this so now is a better time than usual to buy because it's going to retrace within the hour
In with 64k myself, no shills.
Check out: http://chinacryptonews.com/news/interview-loopring  CTRL + F "BITTREX" bro
I almost panic sold.
The BTC pump was too quick and I don't think it will go significantly further.
I expect a doubling or triplingAt most x4 depending on the announcement.The thing is the market cap is so low all options are om the table
Is Bittrex listing speculation or has it been confirmed?
Date?
I am ready to buy again.Thanks
It was mentioned that they would be on Bittrex by the CMO (take a look at http://chinacryptonews.com/news/interview-loopring)Also note that they maintain a github, so that prerequisite is already established.
Could be any moment desu - and coupled with the NEO NEX speculation for tomorrow, makes for a comfy hold.Also, wondering if it was just a coincidence that they just updated their logo yesterday.
Perhaps in preparation for something?
All but confirmed, the CMO said "HOPE" to be listed on Bittrex by Dec. 5th.
Whether or not it was poor choice of words or they still are unsure is where the "buy the rumor" comes into play.
I can't imagine them not being listed at some point in time, though.
I think buy a small bag if you're unsure and hold.
Exciting times ahead.
goys this has already pumped.
don't get dumped on.
4449416Thanks.
I went all in with my Binance trading funds.
what's the point of fudding this now?
It's as cheap as it's going to get unless BTC pumps again before tomorrow
50 million market capx million market cap>kyber million market cap>volume picking up>SMA approaching that EMA
I'm excited lads
dem buy walls especially aggressive on ETH.
Seems that even though BTC leads in volume the ETH transfers are accelerating the growth.
This is a good sign because it generally means quicker deposits and quick buys.
My price prediction for Q1 2018 is ~50¢It won't pick up any major adoption before a working product has been out for a while (maybe Q3 2018?)
But by then the product should be completely done, and NEX should be done or close to done.
I'm excited boys
It won't pick up any major adoption before a working product has been out for a whileHave you invested in crypto before?
There are coins with 10 times this market cap that barely work and maybe never will
Yeah but the days of 10x on hype alone are certainly not going to last that long, right?
I have 1000 dollars.
Should I just buy this coin and forget about it?
Where do I store it after I buy it
>circulating supply 1/5th of total supply>already bigger than Kyber by that metricNo thanks, its already at the top.
The foundation holds a lot from refunds after China banned icos
Since beginning of LRC partnership whit NEO is fact.Everyone knows about new dex useing lrc.PRICED IN.
It's going up tomorrow and likely doublingScreenshot thisMost of the capital will be from NEO people
Loopring is an awesome project and $50 million market cap is hugely undervalued
buy it on Binance and enable 2fa authorization
Seems like bots are the only order activity for LRC on binance right now
Nah, I'm there too!
Nullified the losses back during the dead cat bounces.
So predictable.
Going to bed.I just hope BTC will calm down a bit.
Should I buy?
I'm about to
We dipped a bit due to BTC but we're still stable at 2000 sats and above, which is a good sign.
Definitely a solid hold for now.