Who is still holding on to their BTC/altcoins?
Alts are going to moon, don't be fooled.
/comfy/ herebought omg @ $3 gas @ 10adx @ 0.5and did ICO for LRC (around 2 eth for 13 000 coins)i'd rather hodl than doing shit trades
It hurts so much.Just flush me down so I can be with Sergey
altcoins as in bch?
yeah i sold that today.Im holding Ardor 80%, 10%vtc, 10%Particle
I hope.
Why do you think so?
BTC is considered altcoin from now on
Of course I'm holding BTC.
You would need to be retarded to abandon BTC for chink cash right now lmao.
Literally EVERY FUCKING PERSON on this board not more than one month ago said BCH was literal chink trash, and they were saying that while BTC was making its runs tonATH's.
/biz/ ADHD faggots only like the flavor of the week and that is it.
I fucking hate some of the the degenerate pajeet morons on this forum.
Fuck
if i could get my fucking transactions confirmed i would have 0 btc rn.
i'm assuming that's the case for every other pleb in existence
This.I just bought the dip.
I know it's going to grow back in a few days.
You would have to be retarded to not see this.
Bitcoin will most likely hit 8~10k at the end of december.
Bitcoin was always for long term hodling, if you went 0btc to bcc i hope you dont wojack yourself in a few days
Honestly the BCH bag holding wojacks are going to be fucking awesome to see within the next ew days after this shit dumps and the market moves sideways for a bit.
it IS going to flip.
you will be holding old bitcoin "classic".
BTC is done.
it has been decided wether you like it or not.
Reduced my btc hodling, alts remain unchanged.
It's going to get dumped in a few days.
Theres NO SECURITY behind BCC.
It only went up because a few chinese whales pitched in.
Once they sell out theres going to be so many wojacks.
This is the scenario I worry about.
Jihan Wu's devious plan of action may just work out for him.
Crazy motherfucker.
I think his endgame was to crash Bitcoin with no survivors, so his precious BCH can replace it.
If you are being paid to say this then fuck off and die.If you seriously believe this, then you need to step back and realize what is really going on.
You are going to get DUMPED on.
Got half in syscoin and half in fiat now.Feels good
I remember when BTC holders got their free BCH.Retards on biz dumped them on day 1 and laughed at the holders.Now theyre falling over themselves to buy back in at ATH.This board is so fucking retarded its unbelievable...
It's like you faggots have never seen a dip before.
lmao bitcuck core losers are so hilarious