Guess which coin is going up right now
ZCG, listing on cex in two days.Buy the dip, This shit will moon hard
Not LINK, thats for sure.but this seems interesting Have a look.
Shhhhhh im accumulating delete pls
its only "mooning " cause deluded lnkies wont sell below 0.0006 while the market is asking to buy at 0.000575 and some retard actually bought link at 0.0006 kek.
expect a dump at 0.00065. mother of all shitcoins lmao
I just can't bring myself to sell LINK
good
Biz should be restricted to linkers only
it does this every day going to between 3150 and 2800. it isnt actually mooning
all the pajeets filter us anyway, these threads are basically secret hangouts at this point
Yup have upped my stack from 5k to 11k its like i have mind control when i sell and just see that line fall down to earth
Guess which coin is going up right now88 out of the top 100 coins
I'M NOT FUCKING SELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!4k LINK PVT REPORTING IN
Just type LlNK instead of LINK (the l on the first LINK is actually an L)
devious
>only 5% up
fuck off pump and dump shill
You faggots say this every day and I look at the chart and its either same place or lower then what I last looked at.
Rent Free
I heard a rumor from a friend who works at Nintendo and is Sergeys love child that there will be an announcement about an announcement next for next week or Friday.
Was it priced in?
The announcement is, the call isn't.
I just priced it in, close one.
Thanks for the heads up.
Good man.
And down she goes just like clockwork
What are the chances it breaks $2 by EOY?
A lot of fudders are saying it will only just barely even break $1 by December.What is their reasoning?
we'll be backharder, better, faster, stronger
well when even the FUDers are saying we'll get 5x gains, that's a good sign :^)
LlNK is like a drug.Every time I get spare money I buy another k of LINK.I've started looking at REQ lately.
Hope LlNK will forgive me for diversifying
you are forgiven for buying LINK client coins.
but take it easy on them.
I got a voo doo witch to curse that pic so i can swing trade link eternally
ThanksGood advice for you: don't buy CFD yet.
*Investors* are yet to understand DHL etc are not actual partners and the company is not planning to get any profits for a couple of years.
A massive dip is incoming
No one thinks theres a DHL partnership.
Quit strawmanning.
Confido is built in a way that simple draws tracking APIs, there is no need for partnerships