>still cash flow negative>needs taxpayer welfare to survive>plenty of problems and customer complaints with current cars>already shilling new products to just get investor moneyI agree electric cars, and self driving cars, are the way of the future, but this just seems like one big scam company to me.
Just preying off of people's love for Elon Musk, futuristic tech, and environmentalism.Is Tesla a fucking meme brand or what?
easiest short ever
Tesla is absolutely worthless.
Watch it crash and burn
electric is not the future.
we cant produce enough electricity to even power all of the cars in california if they all converted to electric.
its impossible.
spotted the burger
Guess who is becoming a third world country soon
How much electricity do you think it takes to refine gasoline?
Yes, you didn't realise that gasoline refineries use massive amounts of electricity, did you?
You can use the electricity that would have been used to refine gasoline and you'll end up traveling more miles.
Get some education!
4522643spotted the uneducated niggers
please do, looking forward to that glorious short squeeze that's gonna ensue after Q1 callfound the brainlet
Convert gasoline to electricity retard
Theres tons of free energy everywhere, just need someone to make the initial investment.
Problem is the large companies wont just switch over because of muh profit
4522851 Charge (Gas) Station:Assumption: cars over 12 hours serviced>Requires 30 megawatts per station of powerThe cost of these stations would require +$20 million just for the chargers, this does not count the electricity costs.30 megawatts of power is equivalent to powering 20,000 family homes.
This is just ONE station.Brand new power plants will have to be built to supply them energy.
At $1 a watt, charging stations will have $30 million in operating costs alone.Not.
Possible.Electric cars not sustainable:>Fiat loses 20k on every electric car in Europe>GM loses $9k on every Volt>Tesla propped up by tax payersDeal with it you leftist soyboys
http://driving.ca/auto-news/news/motor-mouth-more-inconvenient-truths-on-banning-gas-enginesSource for you soyboys now utterly BTFOI am sorry your (((sustainable))), (((renewable))), (((clean energy))) pipe dream isnt real
t. /pol/tard
nice argument :)
4522989>some burger motorsport trash magazine>an academic sourcepick one brainlet
found the undergrad>found the undergrad who appeals to authorityTell me, which scientific journal is going to publish something about the costs of changing gas stations to charging stations.
Economic journals, at best, would discuss the logic of actors in doing so, and the conditions under which they might, but I am sure this already way past your comprehension because the fact that you used this as an argument tells me you actually do not know anything about academic publications, which makes sense given that you probably a 4 year degree or less.
I am also quite certain you would not be able to get through the first page of an economic journal.Your idiocy also highlights several other laughable things about yourself:>things published in journals are true>anything outside of a journal is not true>i cannot evaluate arguments myselfProceed to gas yourself, immediately.
I also don't "believe" in electric cars, but your use of ((())) and "soyboys" disqualified any and all argument you were trying to make.
(unless you are a LISP programmer or a Sunn0))) fan.
Then I'll give you the benefit of doubt on ((()))).It's so funny.Back in the days, when /biz/ still discussed stocks and such, everyone was fapping like mad over tesla stock mooning and such, and /g/ treated him like the second coming of christ, but nowadays, it's all just bitter loosers trying to meme him to bankruptcy.Yeah, there is a lot of issues to be discussed when it comes to Tesla and Musk (and don't even get me started on SpaceX, hyperloop or the boring company), but>reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee>why is this autistic looser not a virgin, poor looser like me, but actually rich, successful and not a virgin>reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeis not one of them.
whats you point anyway?
that eletric cars are dumb and we should avoid using cars who run on resources which are actually renewable?also>writing this whole essay in an attempt to insult me pic related, its you
Scientific journals>not interested in understanding hindrances in adoption of renewable technology.t.
Brainlet
What coin is this?
4523205
Why did you make this thread on /pol/ too?One day we will learn how to harness the power of a lightning bolt and solve that problem.
still cash flow negativeYeah, most early-stage companies with massive YoY growth are.>>needs taxpayer welfare to surviveNo, that's wrong.>>plenty of problems and customer complaints with current carsNo, that's wrong.>>already shilling new products to just get investor moneyWow, clearly having a business plan for the future is a bad thing.It's extremely obvious you're just buttmad that an electric car company is so successful.
Go back to >>>/pol/.
One day we will learn how to harness the power of a lightning bolt and solve that problem.
Apple and google are scams too.
I don’t give a fuck about the (((sustainable))) memeI want a Tesla because I fucking like them a lot.
With Elon, is 0% chance his intentions are not psychopathic.This man is not normal.Yes, Tesla is a part of a large Ponzi scheme.
but Elon is smart, he can keep it going until SpaceX mines the Unobtanium asteroids and can finally buy back his PayPal shares
2000 cars over 12 hours servicedexagerated assumption but agree at the picture
They are way overvalued.
The company turns no profit, they cant meet demand, and still have a ton of sunk costs they've yet to realize to increase their production such as new factories and such.They were first in their market for electric cars, but they're losing thier market share to other auto manufacturers even european ones are going after their piece of this emerging market.
The infastructure to support these cars still isnt here, but that will change.I see them sticking around but as a niche luxury sports car brand as these larger manufacturers start switching existing factories over to compete for the more economical cars average consumers can afford.Easiest short on wall street period.
This company is easily going to lose 240 maybe even 200 within the next year.
whats you point anyway?
that eletric cars are dumb and we should avoid using cars who run on resources which are actually renewable?Where do you think electricity comes from, sweetheart?If your electricity comes from fossil fuels, how is your electric car green?
A lot of people in the US get their electricity from coal.
So, their "electric" cars are actually coal cars.This doesn't even touch on the strip mining of heavy metals used in the batteries, which produces toxic waste and is concentrated in poor parts of the world.
So, good job killing brown people.By the way, did you know that a picture of a Lithium strip mine looks a lot like LE EBUL CANADIAN TAR SANDS?
Funny that only one of them gets plastered in media everywhere.
It's almost as if........
One day we will learn how to harness the power of a lightning bolt and solve that problem.
needs taxpayer welfare to survive>No, that's wrong.http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/economy-budget/345338-can-we-wean-elon-musk-off-government-support-already>As wide-ranging as these various entrepreneurial ventures may be, they all have one thing in common – not a single one of them would get funding in a competitive private capital market if it weren’t for massive (and I do mean massive) taxpayer-funded government subsidies.>A study published two years ago by The Los Angeles Times revealed that just three of Musk’s ventures – SolarCity Corp. (which manufactured and installed solar energy systems before its 2016 merger with Tesla Motors Inc.), Tesla Motors Inc. (which manufactures electric vehicles), and Space Exploration Technologies Corp., known as SpaceX (which builds rocket ships) – had received $4.9 billion in government subsidies to that point in time.
By now, Musk’s various ventures have sucked well over $5 billion from government coffers.>But granting literally billions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies to Musk’s firms isn’t the worst of it.
No, that honorific is reserved for this little gem: In order to induce car buyers to spend their money on electric vehicles, the federal government offers a $7,500 rebate on the purchase price.Come on, now.
and don't even get me started on SpaceXWhat's wrong with SpaceX?
They've been pretty successful with their launches>hyperloopA concept that didn't go anywhere, but it's not like Musk sold it to people and then backed out
Spacex is the only thing Musk has ever done right that isn't a complete scamI highly doubt he was involved based on his track record
not wanting to give money to arab muslim shitholes>leftistsyou fucking piece of shit burgers are so embarassingly stupid fuck you and your multicultural degenerate piece of shit country that brought on the current state of the world you are all worthless pieces of shit in the united states
the only thing Musk has ever done right that isn't a complete scamWait that Model X I drove a week ago doesn't actually work?
Shit man why didn't you tell me
not realising you are the massive cuck giving money to the oil industry and sandnigger countries
He doesn't know that fossil fuels require more electricity to refine than electric vehicles need to run.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQpX-9OyEr4
seriously i hope with the next national socialist movement we eradicate anyone in the united states doednt matter if they are white they are complicit in the destruction of europe and european culture
Electric cars not sustainable:>>Fiat loses 20k on every electric car in Europe>>GM loses $9k on every Volt>>Tesla propped up by tax payersWhat are upfront costs for setting up production and developing new items?
power plants are more efficient than engines so in the end the electric coal car is still greener.
I highly doubt he was involved based on his track recordRetarded and ignorant.
Off to >>>/pol/ with you.
I guess you don't realise that Musk actually designed much of what SpaceX has developed?
implying eating soy is bad