Walimai is working on a service that will provide exactly that and much more.
I will summarize the white paper :“WaBi is a product focused around building a safe retail channel to combat the fake products that plague Asia.
Blockchain technology is used in combination with RFID tags that guarantees that the product is real.
If the seal breaks the blockchain registers that it is a no longer a genuine product.
Also, its state is continuously synchronized on it's physical and digital state.
These new capabilities allow buyers to ensure that the package they buy is actually real, and not faked.In comparison to other RFID projects, such as WaltonCoin or VeChain, WaBi truly shines.
WaltonCoin is currently valued at 175 Million, and VeChain at 72 million.
Both of these projects don't have a working product, and even work with an active chip.
This means these products cannot be used in bad conditions such as freezers.
Eventhough they are both in the RFID business; these three cannot truly be compared.
WaBi is B2C, meaning they target customers.
WaltonCoin for instance, is B2B, meaning they target business to business supply chains.
WaBi has a strong team comprised of industry experts in business and the blockchain with proven track records.
Lead by Alexander Busarov, an ex- Mckinsey.
They are complemented by an advisory board made of current and ex-professionals from Goldman Sachs, AliExpress, InterContinental hotels groups, and MasterCard.The WaBi ICO is after a modest cap of $11,5m, this is a much smaller than WaltonChain (WTC), Modum (MOD) and VeChain (VEN) current caps of $130m, $32m, $68m respectively.
Tokenprice during ICO is 0.25 cent which imo gives it plenty of room to grow explosively once it hits the first exchanges.
Always DYOR but I am highly bullish on this ICO.
I am looking forward to what you guys think.
Forgot to drop the link to the whitepaper and the official telegram channel put in a .
between the spaces since 4chan filters the links appearentlyhttps://t me/wabi_icohttp://www Wacoin iohttp://resources wacoin io/WaBI_Whitepaper_ENG pdf
Intriguing.
99% of ICOs have stupid ass reasons for using a blockchain, but this is one use case where blockchain technology can make something previously impossible happen.Thanks anon.
DELETE THIS
I agree.
- Counterfeit products are a big problem in specifically China etc.WaBi seems to solve this problem, with RFID as base technology.- They are focussing on Babyfood (+alcohol/tabacco) at the moment.I'm Dutch, I've seen chinese people hoard the babymilk powder here.
its a real issue.i'm Somewhat glad they are focussing on only a few products atm, as this means they will be able to make it perfect before stepping onto the next level.
This looks hot.
they actually have a product on the market already with big retailers.
impressive
STOP THE KYC ISNT DONE YET
please remove this the last thing we need is a lower cap on the ico
So many great ideas but I can never figure out where the speculative tokens the ICO's issue derive their value from
I saw this ICO mentioned elsewhere.
Looks promising.
Is the whitelist over?
Where do I sign up?
Damn I have to do a selfie...
actually nevermind pre ico gets it at 3 cents while we have to get it at 25 cents are you serious?
I'd advise against this for flippingfrom the whitepaper:'Each WaBi will be sold at 0.03 USD during the preICO and 0.25 USD during the ICO.'
There’s been a lot of fear of tokens being 'dumped' by the preICO contributors.
We are making an offer to all preICO participants that will completely eliminate the problem.In essence the offer to preWaBi holders is:EITHERa) To lock tokens for 3-6 months and get 5-10% bonus (coming out of the founders’ personal allocation)ORb) Sell preWaBi back to WaBi Project at 8.5USD/preWaBi or 0.25USD/WaBi (reflecting the 1:34 preWaBi to WaBi ratio).
This way, whatever 'dumping' might occur will be absorbed by the project and not the ICO contributors at the exchange.All tokens bought back by the WaBi project will be held as a reserve for at least 6 months.
I saw that the preico price was 3 cents and it's getting locked or bought back.
This means no dumping allowed?
The buyback program is brilliant imo, also if i am correct there have been giving no discounts to whales or whatever so i am not at all worried about any damping
This will get dumped like req.
Your best bet is to buy at ico -50% the day after launch.
You dont have to give pajeets your passport either.
False, read into it more.
PreICO token holders cannot sell their tokens on the market.
They either accept them being bought back by WaBi itself for 8x the value, or have them locked for a period of 3-6 months.There is no possibility of dumping presale tokens.
I don't think people in Europe or North America understand just how impactful this will be when it expands.
When I first heard about Wabi I thought it was just another RFID company and didn't think this was a big problem, what they were trying to solve.
I certainly don't run into fake milk issues in my country.
I ended up talking to my Chinese friends and they literally couldn't have been happier to hear someone is trying to solve this for them.
They are facing a crisis and are spending a ton of money and effort to get milk and other critical food products from outside of China, as it's almost impossible for them to find legit untainted with products in their cities, and when they do, they just don't trust the consistency.
This is a much bigger problem than anyone can understand.
Every time I travel to China for work and visit friends, I bring milk in my suitcase for them.
This is absolutely ridiculous and out of control, but a reality for millions of families in China.I don't know if Wabi has the right team for the job, but whomever ends up cracking this market is going to be in the billions in terms of profit.
The problem have been around for quite some time (there are Chinese students in Europe and US funding their entire +$250,000 USD educations by sending milk back to China, WTF!
), and China's government has not shown any signs to come up with a solution anytime soon.
So it's left to entrepreneurs and startups like Wabi to fix this.Can't wait to see them expand into other product categories as well, as this solution is perfect for at least 100 other food products that are critical to the Chinese.
But seriously guys now that its in the open read up on this or stay poorfags
There's no presale bonus.
Everyone gets the same amount of tokens at the same price if I read right.
There also *can't* be whales if they only allow 2-5 ETH per whitelisted account.Sounds like a good deal to me.
the below ICO dumping meme is over faggot, people said they were going to buy confido below ICO on ED it went 15x instantly LOLmiss the train on this one too then cry later
Where can I register for whitelist ??
Read the paper linked and the comments here, pre-ICO cannot be dumped.
When does the whitelist close?
So if I sign up for the whitelist, how do I pay the tokens?
How does buying the ICO profit me?
How is the value of the token connected to the value of the company and their assets?
damn I'm not over 18...Should I still sign up?
Jesus read the goddamn website it literally has a button subscribe for whitelist lol:https://account.wacoin.io/
sign your mom sign your dad sign your dog
wtf man...
I mean, do I purchase the pre-ico with Eth from the Eth wallet I sign up with?
Yes, did you already sign up ?
Could you give me the link or confirm that this is the real link for sign up ?
Because I can’t find something on their website
what is the personal cap?
any announcements?
What pre-ico are you talking about?
Their is only a regular ico, and yes you can use your regular wallet as with all ico's.
I prefer using parity because you send a ton of gas and gwei and always get in an ico instead of MEW
Do not invest in this ICO.
No-go.
If you do invest prepared to get dumped on.
ROFL my mum told me I'm over 18, I'm so stupid...
You must be an illiterate faggot
No, not yet, but that's the real one.>https://wacoin.ioIt's literally a relatively green blue button saying "Join the whitelist" that takes you there.
You are a goddamn idiot, it's been stated over 10x this is not possible in this ico
I'm actually praying for more people like you making references to REQT Network and saying this is going to dump.
I don't want too much hype so that the individual cap ends up being as high as possible.
I heard 1-2 ETH in the end based on demand so far, and if you want a comparison, take a look at Confido (1800% in 72 hours) to get an idea.
This one has a working product already selling to consumers (no other ICO has this), a team that has been working with regulators and knows the market well, and a strategy to expand that makes sense (master the first 3 hardest categories, babyfood, alcohol, tabacco, and expand to new ones with a proven plan), not to mention the best token economics out there (small cap, no dumping from pre-sale with locked tokens and token buyback program offered to buyers).I hope you are successful in fudding.
I absolutely hated being able to only get 1 ETH in Confido, but still managed to turn that into + $18,000 in a couple of days.
So as I understand it, people are awarded "WaBi" tokens for scanning a product as incentivization to check its legitimacy.What can be done with the WaBi tokens other than holding them in your portfolio?
Uses of Wabi token.We are building a Safe Retail Channel and the WaBi token is crucial for us.
There is a reason why every large retailer has a loyalty programme.To be more specific, there are several sources of demand/use cases for Wabi:A.
Merchants - one.
Merchants will be obliged to use WaBi as loyalty points to sell through Walimai safe channel.
Merchants want to sell their products and loyalty programmes help them to sell their products better.
So, they can use WaBi to effectively give a simple discount (e.g.
buy the products for 10 USD and get 1 WaBi as a gift, where this 1 WaBi can be used to redeem something later) or use more sophisticated techniques (e.g.
buy the second product and get 2 WaBi, bring your friend and get 5 WaBi etc).B.
Merchants - two.
Users will receive WaBi for scanning the products (as it increases the collective security of the whole system) and merchants will need to pay for that.
Please note here that it’s not a choice for merchants to use or not use WaBi here, they have to use it if they want to sell in the channel.
And the reason they would want to sell in the channel is that users/consumers trust the safety of it, which is very valuable.C.
Users - one.
Imagine a user got this 1 WaBi for buying something for 10 USD as in the example above, then they come to the shop and have two options a) buy for 10 USD or b) Buy additional 9 USD worth of WaBi and buy the whole thing for 10 WaBi (I’m assuming WaBi is worth 1 USD in this case for simplicity).
Here users are creating additional demand for WaBi.D.
Users - two.
We plan to enable users to have gift cards where they could buy some WaBi as a gift for someone else to use.
And they also stated this in their telegram:I would also point out there are large benefits for the producers/merchants for adopting WaBi- They don't need to build their own loyalty programme (especially benficial for smaller companies that don't have resources for it or for bigger companies that would have to build their own loyalty programme from scratch just for China, as it often happens)- There is cross-product and cross-mercahnt use of WaBi, which increases the circulation a lot (e.g.
a consumer could get Wabi for buying baby food and later spend them on cosmetics or diapers vs. being stuck in a single vertical)
Nice find.
Any idea's on the individual cap yet?
yes I like the FUD>also let me write 2 huge posts about why you should go all in11.5M is not that low marketcap, Modum struggled to go to 25M and to stay there and they have a huge fucking market in the pharma waiting alreadyalso customers are able to pay in their local fiat currency at current price of the token via the app, but if that means some coins are bought with this money I'll invest a bit
I honestly reckon this is a 5x-10x ico.
Working product already, good market, good ico conditions.
11.5M is not that low marketcapdude you serious?Modum serged up to 40 million, this will do the same
4319998Thank you.
So to put it simply, collecting WaBi can provide discounts while also providing customer with assurance that their product is legitimate.
to 100 millionsmarket cap because they have a few shops selling baby milk powder, come on man
Exactly.
Also read this.
Loyalty programmes are a huge succes in china.
https://jingdaily.com/study-brands-targeting-asia-market-need-diversify-loyalty-programs-risk-left-behind/
Join Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%
Billion Asians popping out kids are not concerned about the products they give to their kidsThanks anon.
This looks like actually a good product.
Will have to keep my eye on it.
Walimai (蛙力买) is chosen as the name.
Wa (蛙) - frog Li (力) - force Mai (买) - buy
GTFO with your pamp and damp shit
Nice find.
>Any idea's on the individual cap yet?
Not sure Modum is a good comparison, as they are not anywhere as advanced in their development as Wabi is (technology already developed, already selling to consumers) and you're forgetting the millions of families in China who NEED this solution TODAY and have been overspending in time and money to avoid feeding counterfeit products to their babies.
Pharma industry and Modum's solution is going to continue to grow, but Wabi's market solution has at least 10x more growth potential than both Modum and Walton (who last time I checked still doesn't have a product out yet).
Keep buying eos, ripple and salt faggot.
This has a working product unlike 99,9% shitcoins out there.
Why would you post this?Why wouldn't you wait until the ICO is over?What the fuck is wrong with you?
Is it possible you could stop spreading it now?
You are lowering the individual cap.Nice find though, I have been eyeing this one up for a while.
The successful companies are the ones who start realistically small and grow from there.
implying ripple and eos don't have working products.
It had an ath of 40 million, it's almost half now.
And they have 50 pharma companies waiting, a market that needs their shit badly.Wabi is spending all their money on twitter advertising, telegram shilling and Pajeet posts on bitcointalk.Pre-ICO investors can either keep, their coins, sell them at ICO price, but the best would be to wait for a 10% increase on exchanges of ICO price and dump then, making the growth impossible
I thought OP was not a confirmed faggot.Turns out OP is a confirmed faggot.
Lol i am a sharing troll, you should be thanking me.
just don't come bitching when u are buying in at 2.25 in december gayboy
wow i just read their whitepaper, looks very promising, thanks OP!!!!!
Why the hell do you need a passport for the whitelist?
new ICO coming soon with a realistic 3000% upside potentialOP is saying it'll go to 300 millions marketcap, when the presale had tokens with a 90% discounts, Pajeets getting them for free for shilling posts and the only thing preventing from dupming is that they can lock them for a 5% bonus.They'll just dump them as soon as it goes a bit above ico price.also>customers can use fiat anyway>team member qualification is "young mother" and online merchant I would invest if the presale tokens were locked, but they already received them
It's basically WTC but has a working product, and WTC hit 150mil.Does it feel good to be this retarded?
do they have a telegram?
cant find ;l
Just realized we're not doing ourselves any favours by sharing genuine information on Wabi.
We're just lowering our individual caps to 1 ETH like Confido.I'm all about sharing gems with the community, but fuck it I want my 30x too.
I'm out and will wait to share Wabi's legitimate product and expansion updates when ICO has finished and I filled my cap.For those fudding, please keep on.
We need you desperately to scare away people just like you did with Confido.
You are actually a retard.
NONE of the presale tokens can be sold.
They're either bought back or locked up, that's it.
The amount of bias pajeet shill spamming in this thread, jesus
and to everyone saying op is shilling; he can't be.
If he had pre-ico tokens he can sell them back to the ICO for the normal ico price ( this indirectly means theres no dumping on exchanges after launch) also, the ico hasnt started yet.. so he has no tokens yet.... read the whitepaper guys!!
Just wait untill wtc releases more informance that they again are missing their deadlines.
How can you even breath, it's totally irresponsible from your parents to keep you alive.Protip: Read the thread post by post
imagine being this fucking dumbwhy would anyone who bought at 3c and can sell for 25c take all that risk if they are planning to sell for 10% more (27c), you must be living in fucking poverty if you think like this
oh god not another shitcoin.
I dropped the telegram at the top
you CAN lock them or sell them back at ICO price.
but they already received the tokens, just read the threadit means that instead of selling at ICO price or lock for 5% bonus, they can wait that it goes up on exchanges, then dump for more profit, even pajeets are smart enough to do thatplease guys don't buy>we're going to do x30 I swear !>but stop bumping the thread>ok one last post shilling>but please don't buy hehe you want to stay poorx30 lmao, 330 millions, twice the WTC marketcap because they sold 1'000 bottles on their website
Can you DYOR just look at etherscan.
https://etherscan.io/token/0x753af9dbe862fdb00db5bc9455063e3aad3674bd
Shitcoin.
You've been warned /biz
No, you literally only get two options.
You need to check out the telegram, Alex already detailed why he's doing this method (to prevent presale dumping, it literally cannot happen).If you're going to FUD at least don't lie about it
God damn with this stupid ass whitelists , is this new trend for shit icos to gather personal data also?
I have never done an ico, but this one seems like a no Brainer since pre-ico buyers can't dump and they already have a product.
I like getting the pros and cons before investing...does anyone have anything negative on this ico?
buy or cry bitch can't say i didn't warn you
Only negative is that they should have chosen the pepe meme as a logo instead of a roadkilled pepe
pre ico received their coins already, read the threadno argumentwhat was wrong with my post ?
didn't op say realistic 3'000% ?
can't their customers use fiat ?
can't pre ico buyers do whatever with their coins since they received them already ?because they're like OP and are sure it can go furtherpre ICO buyers are now owning 10'000'000 tokens, that means 2.5M at ICO price25% of the market will be in the hands of pajeets that got them with a 85% discountmaybe some of them will lock them, but they're not idiots, they'll trade them
 Repeated 1000x times that the pre-ico tokens are locked for months> They'll just dump them as soon as it goes a bit above ico price.Pick one.
FUD harder please, you're full of it
Have to give passport to buy ICO.
I don't like the sound of this.
Oh man thx.
This will be WTC 2.0.
I Hope that the cap will be Not too low
waltonchain 150m cap no working product... they have working product with 11,5m cap??
haha something must be off here
PRESALE BUYERS HAVE THEIR TOKENS LOCKED UP FOR MONTHS READ THEIR WHITEPAPER ICO SECTION ON PAGE 31
I'll miss this bus if it really is a bus.
I'm not comfortable requiring a passport to buy in
I can add some if you want.>customers can either just use fiat and be done with it>or they can use the token for some minor discounts>chinks would have to buy illegal bitcoins, then buy tokens on fucking ED or binance (that they can't access) and put them on a wallet on their smartphone, to get some loyalty points
4320521It really is annoying.
I want in on the ICO but everyone wants to know what time of day you take a shit now.
Hopefully market prices on the exchange won't be too different right off the bat.
A lot of ico request this
They get the tokens for scanning the products and checking their legitimacy.
They don't have to buy the tokens.
And now you've just proven you don't understand the Asian marketsLoyalty programs are huge.
yes but the token needs demand too, to have a price, and the demand would come from customers that get some minor discounts for using the token instead of fiatyes if they do not require to do risky, illegal or impossible shit before, like buying bitcoins
they already got preWaBi which have to be exchanged to WaBi by the team.
So they can't dump it.
HOLY SHIT BUY BUY BUY BUY
also guys you're not losing anything because of my "fud" right now, it just gives you time to get some better arguments before they get on exchanges, and I'll certainly buy some because there are enough pajeets to buy on ED after ico is over10 millions is low, but I still can't figure if the prewabi are wabi too, or that they won't be able to trade themto me it looks like they CAN lock or get a refund, but could also just use them as wabi tokens
another useless shitcoinhttps://www.walimai.com/en/index.php?page=teamtheir team consists of two 'members' who are both recent graduates and with very little experience.
also pic related is their office, it's basically a fucking open cafeteria
holy shit they just posted an image on their Telegram with director of alieexpress Wabi_ICO
When does the coin hit the markets?
Crypto needs to be regulated ASAP.
95%+ of these ICOs are worthless scams.
OP and his ilk need to be killed.
Somewhere between November and December I think the Whitepaper said.
never seen a serviced office space i wish i could be NEET again
Founders with Mark Zavadskiy, head of BD director @ Aliexpress (Alibaba Group ) and Wabi AdvisorFuck dude that's hype
Told ya
I don't think it can be called scam since they're open about everything including their shitty past, team and what they'll do with the money.But yes asking 12 millions for 2 russians that sold 1'000 baby milk bottles on a webshop is maybe a bit too much.The fun part is, on their [ann] they put some positive reviews of their old product, and then just after say they'll give free tokens to people posting positive reviews about their new product.
shitcoin.
buy LINK
Oh man i would put my life savings in this ico if I could
also why do shills use names ITT ?
it's part of the free tokens for advertising ?
I just had lunch with Alex.
I have never seen nor used 4Chan before, but I lost a bet so I am dropping by just to say goodluck Wabi Team.
Definitely.
All the shillers are namefags so that they can prove it later for shill bounty review
There's no bounty programme for the ICO... but sure.
Stop shilling before the whitelist you fucking fag unless you want this to be another request fucking moron
I read the whitepaper there is no bounty program... i feel sad for OP sharing his find and getting shit on lol while he gets a smaller cap allocation haha 4chan at its best
So, where can i get this coin?
Holy shit this product is so cool!!!
Can I still sign up for ICO.
Going to be better than WTC!
Actually have a working product before ICO, better than 90% of crypto... let’s gooooo
so WaBi will use their technology together with Aliexpress to fight fake products you say?
This coin will boom propably.
Finally a useful coin again.
GTFO TWENTYA FUCKING SCAMMER.
YOU DUMPED VERGE ON YOUR BROTHERS FAGGOT.
DONT POST HERE ANYMORE YOU TRIPFAGGOT
4320710432061943205094320172432008043194724319388Hype seems very organic and not organized at all, definitely no pajeet-like behavior to be seen here
Are you in his pointless discord, which is basically biz where he also promotes his "paid channel"?
Have to upload ID AND my passport?
Sorry bro.
I'll wait til after ico.
Fuck that.
Only the fucking Chinese want everyone's god damn passport.
Fuck them
The only reason I am in said discord is because of the NSFW section.
Not even joking.
Registered like 10 minutes ago.
Literally took me 1 minute.
You do understand that basically for a lot of stuff you need to upload your ID right.Go to any exchange.
If you want to apply for level 2 registration you need to upload passport and selfie.
So why is the token needed?
Other than gathering millions for the team obviously
in wabi_ico telegramA Merchants will be obliged to use WaBi as loyalty points to sell through Walimai safe channel.
Merchants want to sell their products and loyalty programmes help them to sell their products better.
So, they can use WaBi to effectively give a simple discount (e.g.
buy the products for 10 USD and get 1 WaBi as a gift, where this 1 WaBi can be used to redeem something later) or use more sophisticated techniques (e.g.
buy the second product and get 2 WaBi, bring your friend and get 5 WaBi etc).Users will receive WaBi for scanning the products (as it increases the collective security of the whole system) and merchants will need to pay for that.
Please note here that it’s not a choice for merchants to use or not use WaBi here, they have to use it if they want to sell in the channel.
And the reason they would want to sell in the channel is that users/consumers trust the safety of it, which is very valuable.C.
Users - one.
Imagine a user got this 1 WaBi for buying something for 10 USD as in the example above, then they come to the shop and have two options a) buy for 10 USD or b) Buy additional 9 USD worth of WaBi and buy the whole thing for 10 WaBi (I’m assuming WaBi is worth 1 USD in this case for simplicity).
Here users are creating additional demand for WaBi.
We plan to enable users to have gift cards where they could buy some WaBi as a gift for someone else to use.I would also point out there are large benefits for the producers/merchants for adopting WaBi- They don't need to build their own loyalty programme (especially benficial for smaller companies that don't have resources for it or for bigger companies that would have to build their own loyalty programme from scratch just for China, as it often happens)- There is cross-product and cross-mercahnt use of WaBi, which increases the circulation a lot (e.g.
a consumer could get Wabi for buying baby food and later spend them on cosmetics or diapers vs. being stuck in a single vertical)
Are you blind and retarded?
been fucking posted already.
Uses of Wabi token.We are building a Safe Retail Channel and the WaBi token is crucial for us.
There is a reason why every large retailer has a loyalty programme.To be more specific, there are several sources of demand/use cases for Wabi:A.
Merchants - one.
Merchants will be obliged to use WaBi as loyalty points to sell through Walimai safe channel.
Merchants want to sell their products and loyalty programmes help them to sell their products better.
So, they can use WaBi to effectively give a simple discount (e.g.
buy the products for 10 USD and get 1 WaBi as a gift, where this 1 WaBi can be used to redeem something later) or use more sophisticated techniques (e.g.
buy the second product and get 2 WaBi, bring your friend and get 5 WaBi etc).B.
Merchants - two.
Users will receive WaBi for scanning the products (as it increases the collective security of the whole system) and merchants will need to pay for that.
Please note here that it’s not a choice for merchants to use or not use WaBi here, they have to use it if they want to sell in the channel.
And the reason they would want to sell in the channel is that users/consumers trust the safety of it, which is very valuable.C.
Users - one.
Imagine a user got this 1 WaBi for buying something for 10 USD as in the example above, then they come to the shop and have two options a) buy for 10 USD or b) Buy additional 9 USD worth of WaBi and buy the whole thing for 10 WaBi (I’m assuming WaBi is worth 1 USD in this case for simplicity).
Here users are creating additional demand for WaBi.D.
Users - two.
We plan to enable users to have gift cards where they could buy some WaBi as a gift for someone else to use.