Obvious head and shoulders guys.Take your profits and buy back at 7000 sats.- Merk
There's some guy on the POWR telegram who's had 100% prediction so far and very much predicted this.
Buy the dip for a large break upwards sometime later
man TA definitely works well with larger cap coins but i feel like it doesn't with lower cap coins cause of all the hype/potential run-ups.
i really don't see it tanking that hard within the next day or so considering we dumped pretty low then immediately stabilized back to where we were, although this IS crypto and it could honestly just go to 5 cents tomorrow too lol
You don't need to be a genius to see this, I just want to help you guys out.
i see it aligns to 7k but do you really think it will dip that much?
I dont want to get cucked while i sleep and miss the dip.There's too much hype behind powr right now so i doubt it will get that low.
I set the buy around 7k so lets see.
You're talking reverse head and shoulders right?
This shit is going to go nuclear.
The inverse H&S already happened, as you see the trend is reversing... lets wait and see who is the true master of TA.- Merk
whats the POWR telegram?
It either dips to 7800 or flies up another notch
so you reckon it will drop to 7000SAT?
This
Bittrex locked my account today out of the blue so i cant get out or sell dips.
rip moneys someone hold me this is shite
% will drop to 7500 sat, set most of your buy orders there, and there is a big chance at 7000 sat.
Absolutely correct at least 7500k.>pic related
% you're an idiot.
Are you stupid?
Your TA won't work on a coin with this much hype and this much momentum.
The Thailand announcement will spike up the price again, and it's a finalist at CES Las Vegas 2018.
Also their smart grid will be live and working in Fremantle, Perth in three weeksIf you try to time this market you're going to get burned hard and left in the dust.twitter.com/lambolydia - I'm starting a twitter account for free advice.
I've been in crypto for 7 months and made a TON of money, so follow me if you want to know the dealio
We will see who the idiot is.
Look at the order book faggot
Can't right now I'm too busy diggin down your mom
4498968THIS IS EXACTLY WHY YOU ARROGANTLY LOSE MONEY ON YOUR TRADES.
The H&S is waaaay too expectable.
And in crypto always expect something else.
no, it's not a head and shoulders.this is why /biz/idiots think TA doesn't work.
Because they take every pattern that remotely resembles a H&S and call it a H&S.have you ever seen a person with a shoulder higher than their head?
POWR presenting at an event in Melbourne tomorrow night.
Getting good coverage in various news sources here in dingoland.
TA ain't going to show these outside influences
pure old school TA does not apply here.. if you're going to bet the H&S better make buy 7800 sats and see if you get lucky.. 7500 - 7000 - no guarantee at all and you could be looking at +25% when you wake up.. agree with Lydster even if TA masters are correct
Yer, I concur.Just sold my entire position (0.5 BTC babby here).I'm retarded about TA, but I use the force, and the force is telling me that something REALLY does not feel right, at this moment.
I had this feeling of impending doom in my gut.There is just no way in hell that there won't be a big ass drop soon.
There is a 16 btc order at 7500.
This will at least dip to that level.
that "feeling" means nothing because it can go either up or down, crypto doesn't give a fuck about anything
Ummm there's a 80 btc order at 2500, it'll probably drop to 2500 right bud?
Ascending triangle on a rising pattern oh boy what's going to happen here
POWR fucks honey badger.POWR is going OmiseGo in August before it's tired.TA is what people do when they argue why they can't ever find an entry point into a hot ass coin.
Nigro plz, i can put an 8 btc buywall wherever i want, it doesnt means it will get there.
Im still not sure where to put it.
I dont think it will get down to 7k.
what level authentication i sent them a selfie and passport photo and everything
I am no TA wizard and will leave to these guys I respect here but..i also see a potential A B C correction already haven happened and we could call this consolidation before the next wave.. just sayin possible right???
TA?
In my country this is what we call the dancing snake and it means many moons of good fortune.
I'm all in.
what is the telegram for POWR called
Official power ledger telegram.Also linked and bottom of website.
This is why u won't make it.
That order will remain unfilled until the great AI war of 2056 sees the global POWR energy grid collapse.
are u merkntime?
Screen capping my dubs post.
Hopefully you fuckers survive to see how correct I was.
Don't get it wrong, most of the people selling right now believe that BTC is going to 10K.But this fucker is so unbelievably due for a dip.Up 23% last week, and already almost 7% this week?
Sheeeeeit.If you think this is going to just sail right to 10K with no correction, you're dreaming.And if it does, there's going to be the shitstorm anal-fuck father of all corrections immediately after.
Head and shoulders... looking more like ascending triangle moon mission... hmmm opinions?
opinions?Sleep is for the weak and the poor.
triple dubs confirms it
http://www.baka.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.html
Triangle > head and shoulders, im lucky i got back in when i saw that.
still made tiny gains on the dip.- Merk
lol fuck your asshole
4498848KYS NIGGER IT'S OVER 9000 NOW YOU JUST LOST PEOPLE SO MUCH MONEY
Only head and shoulders I see is in your shower you dry scalped fuck.
How much more profit did you lose these poor innocent people.
> ta on a brand spanking moonrocket with actual fundamentals and its own niche within a booming market (that is mostly void of fundamentals)just read animal entrails next time
44988484498968> lets wait and see who is the true master of TA.It was me.We will see who the idiot is.It was you
 Head and shouldersis this the new biz meme?
Random guy on biz>You listen to him>??
?>lossYour own damn fault
I didn't sell a single powr, I just wanted to expose this fuckwit
some of us know our shit
Took my 30% profit at 9300.Ready to rebuy on dip, probably about 7500-8000.
It will never go that low again.