What makes Chainlink worth more than .12?>THE ORACCLELELLEEIf Chainlink did not fulfill the Oracle problem?> Well we would find another oracle.
Nothing that a web developer couldn’t solve....
>literally a JSON parser
You’re Sergey Nazarov.
We change nothing.
THEY’RE GOING TO FIND ME
Could’ve rented my domain to someone with a spine.
You didn’t know?
It takes 12 to shill that hard.
Got a typical shitcoin here.
i’ll Start making my rounds.
Sergey.... they’ll never know.
Tempted to liquidate some of my BCH gains into link.If only they would get the contract creation website working better.
right now it looks and acts like a highschool project.
BTC is literally dying right now>Still feels an intense need to attack LinkRome is burning and this nigger is attacking the value of indoor plumbing.
It was that moment my belly was 2 inches closer to the stars.
Why don't you make your own decentralized oracle network if it's so simple
Whoever made this image..thank you.
Hi are the devs doing anything besides eating cheeseburgers?
How are you Sergey?
Not bad Sergey.
I’m here to tell you it is possible to make 32M with no product whatsoever.
SERGEY.
You’ve gone as far as you canf go.I committed no crime!You committed fraud.
Listen your in a lot of trouble.
I can help you.Swim off.
And that was the day I didt need Rory’s help anymore.
I had finally surpassed all the bullshit was capable of.
It was the moment I realized I could cash out and move to Mexico.
For future reference... coins with a purpose increase in value.
431380643138974314042Why meme this hard?
i sold all my link for bcc and have made back my losses kek
I always wanted to be a Chainlink.
Maybe now.
Now I can.
aahhhhh Aahhhhhhhhhhhh It’s Ik Sergey..... here go my losses aaaaAaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!
Sorry link bros.
I wanted to believe but I couldn't have my money tied up in something that will likely be a dud into 2018.
I do believe in it though, it will get its day.
There are only so many cheeseburgers in his planet.
But now that I can buy them all, I’m suddenly regretting eating half of them.
holy fuck its at 14 cents