How do we as a community hire a new CEO immediately?
Charlie is just a terrible speaker.>vid relatedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxWM6rJV0nk
I like charlie and i mined litecoins before you even knew about crypto.
He has an odd sense of humur but im fine with it.
He also sold most of his litecoins at less than 25 cents which is fucking halarious because thats what all the early miners did.
This shit is about to moon
Buying Litecoin is retarded.Muh digital silver.
Bitcoin is the market leader where all of the institutional money flows into.Other alts have some unique purpose, ex.
anonymous, smart contracts etc.It has absolutely no tangible or pegged value to BTCEither go gamble on a unique coin or keep your money safe in btc; ltc is practically useless.
You have think he's speaking to people with 0% comprehension of crypto at all.
It's sorta awkward when you're talking to the masses and they're so detached from reality you know they aren't gonna understand a single word you're about to say.
So you try and dumb it down but that's even thougher because you don't usually speak like this and then everything goes down hill.
Charlie Lee knows what he's doing though.
He's smart enough.
I vote keep him.
There needs to be 2 completely supperate blockchains if this entire scaling thing is going to work if you couldn't tell.
Bitcoin can't be everything and that's fine.
Soon they'll be a side chain on bitcoin that allows you to use Monero RingCT.
Layers will be added but having a blockchain very similar to bitcoin is valuable
There needs to be 2 completely seperate blockchains if this entire scaling thing is going to work if you couldn't tell.
Bitcoin can't be everything and that's fine.
Soon they'll be a side chain on bitcoin that allows you to use Monero RingCT.
Layers will be added but having a blockchain very similar to bitcoin is valuable 
But Muh Lightning Network!4493612Glad I’m not late to the Monero circle jerk.
Feels comfy knowing I have a bitcoin’s worth of Monero
What will happen in the future?>Not an arrogant Chad enough to confidently act like he knows.
>They're like tokens, fun tokens, for fun.I own a significant amount of ltc btw
I don't understand fuckin nerds.
Why can't they just chill the fuck out when they speak in public, lmao?
Why can't they show emotion on their faces?
Stop being a dick and just fork it and do whatever you think he can't do yourself.