Consider an economy of two people, Gamma and Zeta.
Each has $30,000 in savings.
Every month, they trade at each others’ storefronts.
Gamma sells $3000 of food and materials.
Zeta sells $3000 of water and chemicals.
This trade relationship is sustainable.
One day, an alien merchant ship lands in the area.
The alien Alpha is selling water and chemicals for $1500; 50% cheaper than Zeta.
The deal is too good for Gamma to miss.
Zeta’s business plummets to zero.
Zeta takes a few months to plan and prepare another business.
To conserve costs, Zeta reduces monthly spending to $1000.
Gamma’s business plummets.
With only $1000 per month, Gamma takes a monthly loss to buy their necessities from Alpha.Zeta unveils their new product of special energy.
Gamma really wants this, but is already strapped for cash.
Zeta’s venture fails.
Gamma tries to sell their food and materials to Alpha, but they are not interested.
Gamma’s recovery fails.Zeta has no income and very little money; Zeta is financially desperate.
Gamma’s business plummets to zero.
Gamma has no income and little money; Gamma is financially desperate.The economy has failed.
The primary cause of failure was that Alpha did not demand anything from Gamma or Zeta.
Gamma did not consider the income consequences when they switched from Zeta to Alpha for cheaper water and chemicals.
When Gamma was buying from Zeta, the money had always boomeranged back for no loss of income on both sides.
Gamma mistakenly assumed that Alpha would do the same.
This would not change even if Zeta’s venture succeeded.
Gamma would buy $1000 of special energy, then Zeta would buy $1000 of food and materials; Gamma’s net income change is zero.
This would not change even if Gamma’ recovery partially worked.
As long as Alpha boomerangs less than $1500 back to Gamma, Gamma will always take a monthly loss to pay the difference.
Alpha was simply a large hole in the economy that continued to pull demand until the population had no money left.
In a stable economy, all households and businesses must spend an average of 100% of their income.
The secondary cause of failure was that Gamma and Zeta never returned to their prior arrangement.
Zeta abandoned the water and chemicals business because the market was clearly won by Alpha’s enormous price advantage.
If Gamma and Zeta discussed the calamity of their situation early on, they would have been able to make a deal to survive well and preserve their wealth.
Note how Gamma should have just continued to pay doubly high prices to Zeta due to how income is affected by the boomerang demand.