FOMO IS WRONG FKMO IS WRONG FOMO IS WRONG
just buy already, we are going back to 800k sats minimum
OP is an pedo eth fag getting nervous.
they always get triggered by NEO bull runs lol
Go into Adex.
Probably pumps to 17k.
Maybe more.
It isn't even implied that he's an ETH holder, maybe he's just saying that it's really tempting to buy Neo?Seems like you're getting nervous and defensive about your lunch money investment kiddo.
been holding NEO since it was ANS.
:^) stay jealous
WE ARE GOING DOWN I REPEATWE ARE GOING DOWN
I DIDNT BUY AT 50 because FOMO IS WRONG
So have I?
Using Antshares as a bragging right is actually a piss poor effort.
You do realise that it has only been a couple of months you new fag.
Now is the perfect time to put NEO profits into Bitcoin Cash before the next big run.
literally dipping right now, watch as smart money buys it back up
Yea, just look at yesterday, peaked at 41 then down to 36.
Now we are at 45 but ath 48
it's not solar4431764
Lmao anyone who thought it would dump yesterday is a fucking idiot
what should i do i bought in at 630 i'm fucking dying herelast night i bought in at 540 and sold at 500 and i don't want to repeat the same mistakes but i think it's honestly done mooning
I sold at 600 thanks for buying my bags
My dump senses are tingling.
I think it dips to 51 and bounces
you wait until the news come out and act accordingly
k dude.
you win the crypto dick waving contest.
congrats :^)
Stop buying ath dude.
It's gonna keep mooning.
Buy whenever it's consolidated and corrected.
I'm watching it like a hawk for that reason.
Moment I see momentum slow I'm dumping
Anyone looking at Loopring?I'm going back and forth between dropping $1,000 on it right now.
IT WON'T DUMP UNTIL .1 IS REACH IT MIGHT BEYOND FOLKS.
THIS IS YOUR NEIGHBORLY KEGEL CHAMPION.
DO YOUR KEGELS.
No you don't.
There is going to be a sell off before the news as with every single hyped rumour.
You then wait with either BTC, ETH or USDT and monitor the news carefully, real time.
If it's not the Chinese government partnership people expect, you just saved yourself a great deal of pain.
If it is, hop on it immediately, paying 10% extra than what you sold for is not going to matter if such huge news is confirmed.
if it reaches .1 I'll personally give 1 NEO to one of you Lucky Biztards I give you my word.
If it reaches 0.1 I'll go all in on LINK
Well if it's sells off right before the news i'd jump out too, you don't have to take it literally