A-am i deluded?
I spent 78 hours researching about ChainLink, every single text about it.
Every single thing points to it being the next big moon mission.
The tech, the potential partnerships, the advisors, and the problem its trying to solve.Have I been brainwashed by the fucking linkies or am i the smart money?
Give it to me straight like my jacket biz, am i the s-smart money or am i deluded?
>smart money
You can't expect serious answers here.
But I think you are on the money!
Yes you’re deluded.Every single crypto aside from obvious shitcoins point to being the next big thing.Then the faggots on Reddit all circlejerk each other.If nobody is holding onto the coin, then people don’t see the value.
The coin has been dumped.
I'm the smart money, i bought at 40cI bought sooner than most so I'm smarter
Have I been brainwashedyes.Because you are low educated retard who know only about propane and accessories
LINK is the single most shilled thing in the history of all of /biz/2nd place is either ETH or ANS/NEO3rd place is ETH or ANS/NEOyou see any patterns?theres a lot of shitposting on here, but when something is shilled consistently by tons of people for weeks on end, there is a reason.we are the type of people who spend unhealthy amounts of time, more than anyone else, researching cryptocurrencies, trying to find the next gem.
Yes you’re deluded.This is whats fucking me up.
How can you tell if someone is deluded or an early smart money.>Every single crypto aside from obvious shitcoins point to being the next big thing.But one of those obvious shitcoins will really BE the next big thing.
Every material ive read points to chainlink.>If nobody is holding onto the coin, then people don’t see the value.
The coin has been dumped.But at that point its no longer smart money.
Look at bitcoin, you think the people jumping in now are the smart money?
Its on fucking big bang theory for fucks sake.
I'm not so sure it will be the next moon mission but I can see nice and steady gains.
That forehead>UbermanletPoor kid.
Ive read alot about it and it seems like the next big thing.
Only thing that worries me is the small team size and how quiet they are.
Everything else about the project is a massive moon mission waiting to happen.
Getting in now has tons of upside and not much downside.
wtf i like chainlink nowi've been brainwashed
tfw ur 14yo gf can rest her arm on ur shoulders
Well, you already seem to have more IQ doing your own research than the average bizmoron and his toilet memes.
First of all, ask yourself why you should NOT buy Chainlink but other useless shitcoins.
Are there many other seriously promising coins in the top 100?
For me there are not.
Only a handful and Chainlink is leading them.Second: identify all the FUD around Chainlink and come to the realization that everything is non-argumentative garbage and outright lies/misinformation.
Easy for you to check.
Third: comprehend the magnitude and the possible outcome of an easy x100-x500 in the coming years.
Look at the billion dollar companies backing the project, the trillion dollar industry behind it.If you are convinced it is a good coin you can try the most fitting approach.
You did your own research, yet you don't seem finally convinced, so I wouldn't recommend all-in to feel comfortable.
Maybe go for 30% of your portfolio with LINK and just let it rest for 2 years.
Make more % it you feel more confident.
Make it a hold and don't try to time the market, you will most likely fail.But the most important thing: think for yourself why this could be something that increases dramatically in value, only when you keep this in mind you can hold through tough times and weather the storm, and also not sell at 1$.
anon either bought LINK high and is pissed he sold low, or he owns plenty of LINK already.
I’m almost all in on Link.
Hold or day trade.
This’ll boom by Q2 of 2018.
Wouldn't the only counter argument to this is that LINK is dependent on the announcement of a partnership with Swift?It's all but confirmed but if it falls through LINK would be near worthless
Yes you’re deluded.>This is whats fucking me up.
How can you tell if someone is deluded or an early smart money.You could tell by taking a break for at least one week, maybe even two - block any crypto-related websites and apps on your computer(s), mobile etc.After that time, you could start getting new perspectives of looking at things, when you have been distracted for some time.I tried, but I failed miserably.
It's an addiction, because, when I think of the opportunity cost of not "educating" myself daily on the topics surrounding crypto, I feel like I am never gonna be able to make it.
Well the nature of the world is that going to the moon is pretty fucking improbable without putting in consistent hard work.
Wealth which is earned is typically the result of a lifetime of hard work.
This, the only things that were shilled similarly much as LINK has been ETH, NEO and ARK.
All of these went 10-300x from when they were shilled.
See the pattern?
First of all, ask yourself why you should NOT buy Chainlink but other useless shitcoins.>comprehend the magnitude and the possible outcome of an easy x100-x500 in the coming years.
Look at the billion dollar companies backing the project, the trillion dollar industry behind it.100% this.
I just cant see this shit not hitting a billion dollar marketcap.
Look at the shitcoins in the top 20.
The only FUD that can even be used properly is the token's value and even that can be easily refuted.
Why is it biz is the only board that talks about this?
I would have not even considered researching it if it were not for biz.Its not like I looked at biz and say wow this coin is great.
I read about it for the past 3 days.
So ive had plenty of time to be sober.
Its either im permanently deluded or this is a really great investment.
This is whats fucking me up.
How can you tell if someone is deluded or an early smart money.people ahead of their time are always called crazy / deluded.
we "linkies" will soon be called geniuses.
only matter of time.
I'd even say it is literally stupid to have other alts and no Link.
Nobody needs to go all in, but at least have some.
Regarding why it is not talked about elsewhere is probably the reason why it is not really moving.
This is due to the lack of communication and their style of understatement, which makes it a frustrating hold desu and is literally the only downside at the moment.
If this gets more mainstream attention, this will moon even harder, similar to NEO or OMG, since it is very safe to say that we are currently at the groundfloor with some whales, 4chan holders, a few redditors and some other nerds who did their own research.
Most of the ADHD millennials who want moonx100 in 3 days seem to be gone as well, they sold their stack at a loss and now post toilet memes.This is probably the very best entry point while BTC rallies and Link goes down in satoshis.
That has to be step granddad cause granddad was obviously a dolphin
dont forget DGB and if youre extra old school, PIVX
You really think a russian scammer and a faggot fresh out of college are going to deliver on their crazy idea?
Lol, make sure you stock on pink wojacks pics
Yeah, the mind games start to play alright.Then you just gotta remember this, straight for the horses mouth.Patience
I really dont like basing my decision based on the amount of shilling but what is DGB really?
A faster Bitcoin?
I wouldnt touch that shit with a ten foot pole.
Although it did moon pretty hard.
500m marketcap reached.
You realize now why the link meme is so powerful.
It is a strong, easy shill.
I drank the kool aid and lost 25 btc.
Don't touch it
You spent 78 hours researching a JSON Parser?You could have wrote a JSON Parser in 78 hours.
are going to deliver on their crazy idea?If they dont do this, they are fucked.
Pissing off a bunch of startups is one thing.
But ruining Swift's reputation is another thing.
No one will take Swift promoted startups seriously anymore.
Its career suicide if they dont deliver.
I read about it for the past 3 days.
So ive had plenty of time to be sober.Have you actually really been sober those past three days, are you certain of that?One can become biased, very, very rapidly and become "deluded" by only looking for things one wants to find and see - ignoring, or not realising potential threats or risks.All I'm trying to say is, that it is not unlikely to blend certain characteristics or things out, which are not in favour of the product's success - hence the bias error, a very common one in statistic studies.
This error might lead to an outcome that is the complete opposite of what had been previously anticipated.
So what did you learn in those 72 hours.
Bullet point the important bits.
Then can you point me to another direction?
On why im deluded?
because the research checks out.
Link is a shitcoin and you're daydreaming, sorry to tell you.
No I don't own any link and no I won't buy any.
I'm 100% in BCH since $200 and will remain in BCH.
Im sure every information ive read has been posted here at one point so im not going to bother.
The research i did was more on "verifying" whether what the shills were saying is true.
I totally agree.
Screencapped.
I also literally never invested in random purely currency coins that are just BTC with some better code.
If they don't have mega-privacy or other unique features it is just a waste of data.
Only protocol and infrastructure tokens will be successful in the near future.
Tokens that actually fulfill the current needs of cryptospace itself.
I have no clue why I have "desu" in my comment though.
Remember when it hit $0.40?
Who dumped on you guys?
No really, ask yourself why would chainlink holders who have an interest in chainlink price dump it?
https://etherscan.io/token/0x514910771af9ca656af840dff83e8264ecf986ca#balancesIf you can't figure out why, the fuck is wrong with you?
Its a pyramid!
ICOs create pyramids where large early investors can make big gains and everyone else is a fucking bagholder.
Its as bad as any fake ass pump group.
Little investors think they are going to make it with 10k link need to wake the fuck up.
Every $0.01 increase in price means the large holders dump it back down.
And by dump, trade it for a more valuable coin like bitcoin, growing the distribution.
I've been watching it, its gone from about 5000 to 12000.
The profile is still shaped like a pyramid only now you have twice the number of people who own it from under $0.20 and they are the ones in position to profit, if at all!
almost every new coin you search is going to give you positive expectationslink has no relevance or usage to be known for its weak spots like btc, eth, omg, etc.link is an unknown shitcoin which is only commented by shills, so of course you are going to find only good things about it.
Duh
I need the original now !
Remember when it hit $0.40?
Its because of the bitcoin fork free coins that everyone expected.
Plus based on what ive read, majority of the whales are holding at the current price.
Only a small amount of LINK in circulation is currently trading.link has no relevance or usage to be known for its weak spots like btc, eth, omg, etc.Literally no other crypto is trying to tackle the problem LINK is solving.
Do you even understand what it does?
If you're bullish about smart contracts in general whether its ETH or BTC Rootstock or even hyperledger you better pray LINK takes off.
enjoy the deadweight bags LMAO
4383584Yeah, pretty sure SWIFT and all those billion dollar companies would love nothing more than having their names tainted and associated with pyramid schemes and scam tokens.
Just follow cryptotakeoff guy.
He also has the top wallet addresses flying around and shows how they didn't move any of their tokens.
They hold and some of them are accumulating even more.
Then ask yourself the question why they would do that.
Not because they hate money and see no potential.
Also that pyramid shit you mentioned, can be used against any crypto investment.
Including Bitcoin.
Especially bitcoin lmao since it has no utility aside from transactions.
Well, try getting opinions or statements from third parties, like contacting some important/relevant companies who are starting to work on implementing smart contracts for example.
Ask them where the problems currently are.
And no, I wouldn't only write e-mails, try calling them.
Although you have to have the right contacts - it is very helpful if you know people who know other people and so on...
But in general, this is very tricky as those companies often have confidentiality agreements and all that legal stuff that makes them have to shut up.
Still, they are humans and humans can easily be manipulated in some ways, extracting information is possible in one way or another.
(i.e.
why could many youtubers get doxxed so easily because of their stupid cell phone providers)Other than that you could try to find crypto currency affine people like you in real life and start brain storming, checking out the real potential etc.
etc.
etc.
trying to find some ways of thinking you hadn't considered before.
Yeah, i think thats where i read about the wallet movements.
Its that medium article right?
I stumbled on it when i was researching LINK.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
being this new maybe you're too poor and can only afford 100 of the coins, but some of us can afford amounts in the 6 figures.
kys
BTC was started by half the size of chainlink's team.
I don't understand the small team fud, most extremely successful products and services are created by individuals or small teams and then they expand?
Honestly, it is great tech.
But there are so many cryptos with great tech that go nowhere.
And there's the BCH shill.
Try to keep the conversation productive you silly fuck.
Go back to your BCH thread and keep trying to hype the flippening.Fucking went through the entire thread, actual pleasure to read people sharing ideas and your pajeet ass had to come in here.
Was on the fence about this, gonna do some extra research, if the potential is as big as you guys say, I'm in.
Haha haha....fucking pathetic
Well, try getting opinions or statements from third partiesThe only downside i see so far is the lack of exchanges and the team not hyping the product until the main net is launched.
So the downsides are pretty much negligible if you're holding long term.
Plus Sergey's old project didnt really take off, but that too is negligible since most startup founders fail in their first business.
Their client is SWIFT now, doesnt get as large as that so i dont see him failing this time without him killing himself kek.>Like contacting some important/relevant companies who are starting to work on implementing smart contracts for example.I am not that important/connected dude lol I can only rely on existing information.
And like i said, the information out there points to it being the next big moon mission.
The minute SWIFT announces they’re fullly implementing LINK this shit goes to andromeda.
Everyone knows this, they’re just not patient.
this pic is a good way to frame it
fully implementing LINK Not really, just a confirmation that LINK is officially part of SWIFT's blockchain initiative would send this to the moon.
No need for actual usage for it to moon.
A wise man has spoken
This wouldn't send it to the moon.
We'd suddenly be in the fucking Andromeda Galaxy.
it all depends on SWIFT atm.
link has no hipe outside 4chan.
if some russian anon turns his twitter botnet finally on, we could at least get a nice pump and dump.
all in all, this has great odds of making it.
i am going 30-40% in.
even if it dumps, i am not going to go pink wojak over this.
it all depends on SWIFT atmTrue, but not for long.
If other enterprises and projects keep announcing or praising LINK, it might moon even without SWIFT.>unexpected HCL technologies praising it>Confido, Request NetworkAlso are you guys sketched out why HCL technologies would just mention ChainLink out the blue?
Have they mentioned any other crypto investment before?
taking some random anon's word for it
>Flushing for good luckWe're gonna make it.
Deluded or not, who cares
To be honest, desu, triggers it, I think.
ETH and all the other major moon missions didn't happen immediately.
They took weeks and months.
ANS was fudded to hell and back along with DGB.
Patience will pay off on this and anyone who falls for the FUD is just a retard.
>LINKIEShttp://youtu.be/x1R7wFK9SwE
Don't forget CapGemini's paper about the importance of smart contracts and their mentioning LINK over three times in it.
This was a YEAR ago.
It's on the radar of the big boys, no doubt.
hahahahahthis guy is such a fucking idiot it's halarious, thanks for the lulz
also he says that neo is a direct competitor doing HAHAHA
Have I been brainwashed by the fucking linkiesYes, everyone who had been here for atleast 3 months knew it was a shitcoin, dont feel bad though, its happened to most of us, for me it was signatum, part of the learning curve, you will soon also learn hodling alts in useless when bitcoin has been exploding this year, buy them low and sell them high, also never invest in a coin thats not in the top 50 in CNC unless your a whale or orchestrating a PND, good luck in the future anon.
comparing link to sigtStay retarded.
You are making the right decision staying away from altcoins.
You're clearly too stupid to spot the winners
It does solve a problem, but that problem is a niche of a niche of a niche of a niche of an industry that doesn't even exist yet.
Not going to hold Link bags for 5yrs lmao.
no.
People have to learn to distinguish between rational, argument-based FUD and toilet-meme FUD.
If they can't do that it is due to a lack of research and information.
Then no gains are deserved anyway, because it is literally just gambling if you invest without those factors.Also I strongly think Chainlink doesn't need anymore shilling.
Things are in motion and if you shill it here on 4chan in order that some boys use their pocket money to "invest", nothing would change.
Smart money is already in.
Now it is waiting time.
The billions in demand will come with mainstream attention, mass adoption and from the industries behind the project.
It is literally just a thing of good will to convince some people to better buy, because it will be worth it, like it was with ETH.
This is one of the few life-time opportunities to really make it if you are willing to make it.
OP
thanks, 100k dropped.
$32 Million for muh JSON data
Oh lord I am willing
I FUCKING SOLD ALL MY LINK AT 2.5K AND IT'S BEEN MOONING EVER SINCE IS IT EVER GOING TO DIP AGAIN?
It's been dipping daily hasn't it?
Today alone, -8.34% against bitcoin
is this a rage video?
it's an elaborate troll, right?
no one can be that fucking retarded, right?
No one would actually call a coin with huge promise dead before it even launched, right?His tone gives me this image of a 19, maybe early 20 year old who thinks they're a fucking genius oracle.
The kind of person who gets mad and takes it as an insult to their supposed superior intellect if you disagree with them.
Reminds me of a younger me haha.
Retarded fucking kids.
You sold it too low hot shot.
Your only hope is that btc moons to 8k and drains the alts more.
So fucking butthurt you dumb faggot.
OP is wasting his time on this stupid shitcoin and you're obviously fucking upset and in denial that BCH is going to overtake BTC.I stressed I am 100% in BCH so the OP wouldn't think I give a fuck about Link, because I don't.
BCH will quadruple again over the coming months so there's plenty of time to jump you whinging little shit.
yes it was a more blatant pnd but i was a newfag and it allowed me to spot them a mile off, link is unheard of outside of /biz/, good luck with your bags.
But it was plumetting this morning towards 2.3 with no resistence and the pump came out of nowhere, I thought it was just a whale trying to get some people to FOMO in so he could dump a lot of bags higher before tanking.BUT IT NEVER WENT BACK DOWN IT'S BEEN AT 2.5-2.7 ALL DAYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
delusional BCH bagholder.Compared to this retard linkies are geniuses for sure.
this guy is a total idiot sounding like an edgy teenager, doesn't understand what a smart contract is, doesn't understand the difference between centralized and decentralized oracles,says token is useless but ignores the fact that ripple's MC is like 8bn his only argument was>memesfucking idiotif that's the best fud nolinkers can come up with that means moonage is literally imminent
BTC was started by half the size of chainlink's team.beyond deluded.
HCL has been working on their own blockchain that will need a decentralized Oracle to pull data onto it.
You don't really think they would just randomly tweet about some shitcoin do you?
You've done 78 hours on chainlink which is more than most here can say, but I've personally spent more time than I care to admit looking into LINK and I can say with a pretty high degree of certainty that we are looking at the next super-moon coin here.
Take my opinion for what it's worth though, just another biz shill.
Good luck.
>tfw 50% req, 40% link, 10% eth portfoliocouldn't be any comfier
top kek
wow someone who talks sense...
you're jerking off over a relatively obscure problem that most people won't need to deal with which is what will prevent link from being a hundred/thousand dollar shitcoin
If link is so special why does the wider crypto community (anyone but biz) give zero fucks about it
obscure problemReally?
is that why Confido and Request Network needs them?
Literally almost all of the blockchain projects need LINK.
Its all about putting external data into the blockchain trustlessly.
Meanwhile, other crypto above LINK's marketcap have solutions that are obscure and redundant to each other.
because its a shitcoin scam, its much cheaper and easier to shill on /biz/ than other places.
I love this guy.
He's my favorite crypto youtuber.
why is the smart money always aheadWhich is why Linkies are either the smart money or deluded.
The guy is a total idiot but he called the ath of 10k+ sats Where's link been since his video?
Lmao delusional bag holder
this guy actually btfos chainlink.
can anyone disprove his market calculation?
>Visa gets 3 billion in transaction fees per year, lets say blockchain takes over and matches that>smart contracts are 1/100th of all blockchain transactions, so we're down to 30 million in fees>oracles are only a part of smart contract fees, lets say 1/10th, so we're if blockchain takes over transactions, and ChainLink takes over oracles ChainLink can only make 3 million per yearthat puts LINK's valuation at $12 million at the most, with very generous assumptions
/biz/ is much more intelligent than redditthose retards were all in at OMG at $12 and WTC at $8i trust 4chan a lot, been coming here a long time.
we are smart in certain areas and ahead of the curve from memes to the election last year.and the amount of work put into the memes, and the 10 threads on the front page for almost a month, let me know this isn't some pajeet pump and dump like delusional nolinkies like to claim.
those guys don't put in any more effort than shopping a coin logo on a pair of titsjust can't wait until this thing finally breaks outmaybe not today, maybe not this year, maybe not next year, but when this coin is $50 everyone on /biz/ will have made it except you and it will be sweet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDcCFzRpkjQAnyone that doesnt sell everything they own and take out SMS-loans, to go long on LINK - is litterally mad.
Why is he comparing Visa a payments solution to an Oracle in the first place?
That alone shows how stupid he is.
A better calculation is to look at all the optimistic calculations of other projects like Factom, Request Network, Confido, etc and add them all up.
That is ChainLink's optimistic usage you dumb faggot.
fearful money won't multiply.
never take any chances and stay poor until the rest of your life.
it is like wanting to win the lottery but being too greedy to actually buy lottery tickets.
but being too greedy to actually buy lottery ticketssound advice, considering lottery tickets have negative expected value
why aren't bot-fueled dumps more common??
seems pretty easy to set up to me
Okay, this thread just convinced me to dump $25,000 in LINK.How do i go about it?
I'm fairly new to crypto and keep my coins on blochain.info and The Exodus wallet.Help me /biz/, I wanna go to the moon too.
What about req?
i trust 4chan a lot>been coming here a long timei seriously hope your just shitposting.▲▲ ▲
Buy BTC/ETH on something like Coinbase (I recommend ETH because BTC transfer fees are fucked right now).
Then transfer to Binance and buy.
Keep an eye on the price to get as good deal as possible for the amount of money you have.
ChainLink is almost at its historical low which was 0.15usd if I remember correctly.
Doesn't mean it can't got lower though, be prepared for anything.
Crypto is volatile as shit.
Cause somebody who owns 30 mil usd certainly cares about a ruined career
to high at the moment.. wait two-three weeks from now.
yea, I already got that.
I mean where do i store LINK after buying it.
I've heard that keeping coins on an exchange is unwise.
I store my BTC, ETH and other coins on the exodus desktop wallet and on the blockchain.info online wallet.Where do I keep/store LINK?
Myetherwallet
chan is a gem of a website if you know how to search through garbage.
It used to be a lot better pre-election though.
you're as retarded as your hero from the videoChainlink will not be used only as a payment middleware, just because you here Swift everywhere doesn't mean it's the only use case.Examples are fucking endless, from shipment to insurance etc.
basicly everything that requires making a deal on something that can be judged 0/1also the dumb fuck doesn't know that not every data is worth 1c like he says lmaoanother thing the dumb fuck didn't see in the whitepaper (of course he read it, the smar ass that he is) is the fact that the amount of LINK a node operator holds is one of the factors deciding the priorityI could go on and on but you fuckers are not a challange for me so I'm not gonna waste more time on youassuming you're not BS how does that make the coin "dogshit" like he claims?
what had changed before and after Sibos that made the coin "dogshit"brainlet/10
already priced in
Oh okay, thanks.Is that the only place to store it though?
You can safely store LINK on any good ethereum wallet, as it is an ERC20 token.
This includes paper wallets/hardware wallets etc that are suitable for eth.
t. poorfag
In Rory we trust
HAIL RORY!
aaaaaand they just admitted LINK doesnt have any "real partnerships"
>tfw put literally 100% of my savings into link and only managed to get 5kI'm never gonna make it...
Priced in
Crazy and Smart Money are indistinguishableLet's revisit ETH FUD and see if it's similar
4385989
Lol you know when you are the smart money.
So you must not be.
You may get lucky tho.
Crypto.
Is.
Gambling.Sorry, my dude.
4386006God I forgot all of this shit.
I need more ETH fud.I want to see more of these people who have killed themselves by now.
43860062015It really took ETH 2 years to moon?
I thought it was only 1 year?Pretty sure even smart money has doubts sometimes.
Kek but yeah i'm probably not as smart as the others.
eth was sitting at $10 for all of 2016, it was only this year starting january that it mooned 33x to where it is now
4386217It also crashed to $7 after hitting $13.
>the tech>give it to me straight, biz
This was during a time when alts were still looked at as dogecoin tier Its not really the same as now... you could have done the same with Dbg or sigt or any other pnd.
It's lazy shilling dude
I own 0 LINKHonestly idk why I'm even posting I want the price to go down more when I buy inI guess I have an admiration for the autistic fixation and belief bordering on delusion that is behind all great progress
That's not how crypto valuation works at all.
Look at how much BTC and ETH are worth while generating ZERO dollars per year...
Only quadrupled my cash so far.
Bound to quadruple it again over the next few months.
my only concern is what exchanges were ANS and ETH on during the shilling?
Because if they were on legit exchanges at the time then it makes sense.Right now, as long as binance is the only exchange to hold Link I see now way it could moon.
>solving oracle problem
Fuck your, birch bastird.
Oracle is real problem.