>all these coreblue FUD threadsis BCH isn't a threat and the flippening can never happen, why is core paying an entire team of shills to spam low quality FUD threads?
I get the same feeling for both sides tbqh.In the end probably no one got paid and it’s just emotionally attached bagholder shilling their stuff.
What about those days where every second thread was shilling BCH?
Paid shills?
>relating btc core to hillaryplease stop
This is the impression that I got.
keep telling yourself it is just FUD
why is core paying an entire team of shills to spam low quality FUD threads?I do it for free.>Shill rule 1: Always accuse your opponent of what you are actually doing.
I AM SUPPOSED TO BE THE #1 COIN!
SHILLS, DEFEND ME!
it's just fun to gloat at this greedy newbs who paid .2 btc for nothing
it's nice knowing that from now on any weakness shown by bitcoin core will result in bch pumping.
As soon as this core dead cat bounce is over we can resume mooning.
(I own more cash than core, but they're currently worth a equal amount.
Bcash was bought at 250 a few months ago)Being realistic about it I wanted to absolutely blow my brains out when bcash shot up a few days ago, since it was at the time only a fifth of my portfolioIf I was a corecuck I would have gone full pink wojak like I've never experienced beforeAll the people calling it a scam, pump and dump etc are retards who sold it after the fork.On the other hand people who are saying bitcoin is finished are likely fomo from the last moon missionI'll be honest though bcash has gone from being my backup shitcoin to a equal contender after the last few days, abs I'm seriously thinking if selling my bitcoins
Hey dick head.
The bch shilling all the way up from 1k to 2500 and back down again never happened right?
There were never dozens of threads screaming at anons to buy while it was crashing, saying "BUY NOW OR MISS OUT FOREVER ROUND 2 STARTING SOON"Nice try shill
I'm not in either, but there's been way, way more BTC shilling than BCH shilling.
The BTC shilling has be far more angry, vitriolic and fearful too.
the majority of the BCH shilling was organic hype, it's plainly obvious to anybody who frequents this site that a good amount of the BCH FUD posts are written by off-board shills.
anybody who witnessed the shareblue shills on /pol/ last year knows I'm right
Hillary never made sense as Pepe, she was a full-blown Wojak, crying, falling over, and screeching about how she should be 50 points ahead while visibly drunk.
No one bought the meme.
No, this is exactly backwards, and I was there for the posts on /pol/.
You're just wrong.
All the BCH shills used the exact same memes and talking points.
Look, it's simple.
If by Friday, BTC still has a 100000 backlog.
The BTC network will never recover

Wouldn't it be quite the twist if an actual shill were to say that, expecting us to think the non-shill is the shill?
Like, mind = blown dude none of us here thought that wow such a good idea dude, like write a book or something when core fails dude
Whatever, fuck you.
All the BCH shills used the exact same memes and talking points.sounds like the core shills to me.
these are only two of the cash FUD threads up right now
The first thread is actually pumping BCH if you read the whole post, the second thread is memegarbage, if somebody gets shilled by 'I just got off the phone with china' then they fucking deserve to be pushed around like this.
During the great bitcoin civil war many didn't participate.
They bought alts and made bank.
What did you do?
Bank
Posts like this means bch was the shill my dude
No matter who wins the war, I'm holding the same quantity of both.
See