Hey guys,I'm a EU residen (France).I plan to build a product (digital) with a friend of mine.We're planning to bootstrap it in 3months.
If we execute it good enough we're pretty sure we're going to generate $60k/month for at least 6 month.Where should we go to build this product, and get a fiscal residency so we end up paying as little tax as possible and still be 100% legal.Keep in mind we dont mind moving and living in that said country.Also, will I get taxed twice once I move the capital back to France (should I?
)./Biz/ tell me the optimal strategy, I know you have it.
lets take an exemple:I move to Bulgaria in 2018I develop my business there.I create a company there, and start generating revenue, lets say $100k/monthI pay 10% taxes on this revenue, Let's say the company has 500k after taxes;I give the money to me, I pay dividends (5% in Bulgaria).I make $475k.I move back to France a year after, do I have to pay taxes again on this?
Salut collègue-croissant.Moi je dirais le Luxembourg parce que c'est proche, mais je ne sais pas exactement les avantages.C'est quoi ton projet?
my project is a software and we already have customers waiting for out product.
I can't go into much more details Luxembourg is super expensive.
we would like a cheap country where we can bootstrap from.
living in france you'll have to pay taxes, period.
that's why I said I'm willing to relocate
Maybe check out Malta, they have an effective corporate tax of 0 to 5 %
basically yes, but ALOT more difficult to actually do because of bureocracy.They will try to prove you did not changed your residency with any proof possible, like cars, insurances, gyms or phone bills.
If they win they take your usual 40%something like every social-communist euro state.
At least that's what Italy is doing with both fake AND true residency changes to other countries
Isle of Man, Jersey, Malta
This guy is wise.All of them are remittance based taxation
MaltaCyprusEstonia
but if I really do live there it should be OK right?
Like this boi said.Consider Non-Dom status in cyprus or malta.
You have to stay in malta at least 6 months a year.
Also, you pay around 35% tax with your ltd. and get 30% back after some time.In cyprus, you have to stay 2 months a year and your company dividends are tax free.
Company tax are around 11%.
So fill your company with cash, pay 11% tax and then cash out tax-free.
Cyprus setup cost around 5k€, annual cost around 2k.
More details on that: https://tax-free.today/blog/setting-company-cyprus/Corporate taxes are 12.5%, my bad.
But dividends are free.
In malta the corporate tax is 5%, but I know a lot of guys which are waiting for the 30% tax return for ages.
Also, there would be income tax.
yeh thisalso estonia has no corporate tax so the revenue is tax-free as long as you reinvest20% tax when you pay yourself dividendsbut you still have to pay income tax on top of thatalso get the fuck off biz and talk to some proper attorneys or you will just fuck your shit up fampachi
Can you give a hint of what the software is?Management software, analytics, industrial controllers?
Also, let me join!
I'm a developer,CTO