Get in right now, btc/eth pairing on"Nuls is a global blockchain open-source project which is a highly customizable modular blockchain infrastructure; it consists of a microkernel and functional modules.
Nuls provides smart contract, multi-chain mechanism and cross-chain consensus.
It aims to break the technical barriers of blockchain, to reduce the cost of development, and promote the usage of blockchain technology in the commercial field.Total Supply: 100,000,000Circulating Supply: 40,000,000"https://nuls.io/
THIS IS GOING TO $1 TONIGHT BROS. Cut your losses!Seling my link and hopping on was the most invigorating.
So many biz bros already deep in the green.
this is like NEO while it was still ANS desu.
we're going straight to $5 tonight
4259224smells like shill
Luna-senpaaaai.
I'm cumming
I wonder If my sick gets will carry across to this thread too?
Rolliin
I have been touched by greatness on this day.
WITNESS ME!
YOU ARE MIGHTY SIR!
ATH!
4259292Kept my green ID too.
whatever u say senpai, i am already up 300% on this and still holding comfy desu
Nah bro.
when the market first opened someone bought 4k of them at 25 whole bnb per.
holy shit for real?
It's going back their too.
And beyond.
Cap this for prosperity.
it is, but some good pnd action for those who are interested
It has begun.
Yeah.
Check the first wick.
I watched the buy order get placed.
bump
fuck do I throw more into it
i lost
N U L S B O Y S
wow you're right.
that's nuts.
KEKI'm thinking of it, I'm shilling the fuck out of it, so I might as well go balls in.
White Paper?
Lmfao is this another scam shitcoin..
So he payed 25$ for 1 Nuls?
I only can afford 65, is that gonna be enough?
Bougjt like an hour ago and up 30%.
I love you biz
about that.
HOLY FUCK DID YOU SEE THAT SHIT!?
Second time I have sold at top to buy back in lower.
I am feeling good today.
>bought 724 NULS when anon first recommended it>slept thru the night trusting it>Never went past my buy point>sold it for LINK while link was moonining>within 5 minutes NUL 2xs>LINK goes down>sell link>just bought NUL again but only have 228FUCKING KILL ME BROS
No white paper?
We need a /NG/ Nuls General in /biz/ I think.
what the fuck...
Fucking stupid retards, this is the sole reason why I am making money off crypto, because of people like you are everywhere.
S P O O K
dont try to be a trader.
99% of peopel like you lose money.
buy and hold retard
Why on earth did you do that anon?
HOLY SHIT!
THE PROPHECY!
Shit's sitting at .87 cents on Bit-Z, dollar is going be hard to break through, but maybe not with the way BTC if flowing into NULS on Binance
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It will break through so much easier than you'd think.
We're only heating up folks.
Don't forget it.
I remember watching a 120 BTC buywall on NEO get eaten alive on Bittrex.
This is a crazy world we are in.
If you can ignore the FUD, just remember, we ARE the early adapters.
Profit targets boys?
Or just let it continue for a week?
month.
The prophecy.
This is the first time I've ever jumped in ground floor on one of these.
Only put in .01 yesterday when that first guy posted but it's still a hella fun ride.
is it going to break $1 or dip down and break later?
$1 REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i told you cunts yesterday.
fuck you all for calling me a chink.
also i made over 200k usd of of you idiots buying this shitcoin so whatever
yea the shit is happening, for real
Holy shit.
OP wasn't joking.
I thought NULs was a PND.
i just bought in at 130000feel a real bad feeling in my gut buying at this pricesold for 12999
We need to start shilling this as the NEO 2.0 on youtube, twitter, and reddit.
Dude.
Go back and tip OP from last night.
That's incredible if true.
good thing I bought in at 27 cents :) ahh people like you make me money all day everyday
$1.01 !!
you got rekt already
Your awesoeme man I fucking doubted the shit out of you but i still bought some fucking thank you bro if this goes 10 dollar i give you 1k.
NULS YOU NEED TO GO HARDER ON THESE FOOLS 2$ in 1h incoming
Buy high sell low.
Classic /biz/Honestly though this 
does it cost anything to trade between coins?
Current price 13990 and climbing hard.
Literally two minutes and you'd have made a profit.
FUCK THIS JUST WONT GO DOWN BUT I KNOW AS SOON AS I BUY IN I WILL GET BURNED BADLY
it's probably already fucking extraterrestial, but holy shit
good job senpai, leave the money for the rest of us
He's not op, but he was in the og thread.
I remember him.BASED ANON thread here.
Now it's 15100, 30 seconds later.
I listened made 10k
FUCKING KILL ME FOR TURNING MY 724 NULS INTO 228 I THOUGHT IT WAS A PAJEET SCAM REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
DIP MOTHERFUCKER
wait for the next dip (inb4 moon)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH ITS AT FUCKING 160000I COULD HAVE MADE 20% IN TWO MINUTESHOLY SHITJUSTFUCKMYSHITUPbuying back in at 16 there is no stoping this shit
I have cash on coinbase.
Am I too late to buy BTC and send over?
you should tip me even if im getting rich right now.
my bro and i told you about this coin because we are the few who fucking speak english.
You called me a fucking fishhead sewer dragon for helping you
Happens brother
Bit-Z hasn't caught up yet, but it's trying
My only regret is buying 60 of thisAlready 3x fuckkkAnd I know if I buy more It will fucking sink an never rise again
he thinks its going to dip
it's the internet, don't worry about it
kek
JUST STOP WHINING AND BUY.Or do you wanna wait until it's three dollars and try to ride with us to five?
FUGG
Dog brains didnt buy kkkkkkkkk
lmao its 40 million marketcap already, usually the resistance new coins come to.
I'm pretty sure its going to go down
Damn this is exciting.
Made up 6 weeks of LINK losses in 24hrs.
Thank you biz bros
For instant 3 dollars reply please BIG Xi teach me love me
This one is going to blow minds.
Just you wait.
Everyone is gonna be talking about this shit.
Same.
Lost 60% on LINK, up over 100% on NULS, still climbing.
Could easily see $2 by tomorrow.
I'll be tipping the address in the original thread when I decide to sell.
you wish.
Lol got in at .24 cents...only threw a grand at it - took out my initial now just riding the dragon.
oh ok that me too i samefagged thanks
vapourware buzzword scamcoin
Ahhhhhhh what's happening
also i have one more thing to say.
listen closely.
get out now ;-p
Look at the tech, it's actually pretty neat.
Haven't seen anything like it in crypto before.
AHHHH ITS CRASHING CASH OUT NOW OMG NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
volume is getting up there on bitcoin pairing but price isn't going as hard
Well its going down, what did I say retard?
Dude just listen, I make gains everywhere and know where the reistance and pullbacks will be, its $1 40 million marketcap, it will pull back to 70 cents around that mark
Weak hands displease kekTHE PROHPECY
???
so pajeet pump and dump afterall?
A correction.
I bought 100 more right now.
Let's see if I'm left bagholding.
Capped this from the other thread.
this good for a long term hold?
THE PROPHECY
Continuation triangle... should break out soon
what?
these delusions are the downfall of 4chan traders.
shadilay
Do not say shadilay if you dont truly know how kek speaks
Waiting for the crash back down to 0.38 so i can go all in
Close to the breakout point, enjoy
Support at 13.5k is too high and the still above the lower BB.
It's going to bounce up to 17.5k next.
Was this a fucking PnD?
I'm not putting my $200 in until the amount budges past $1.20
It has been foretold, it may not correct so low.
lmao deluded
You will miss profit.
Havin fun m8I wish the same for you
Wouldn't you need massive capital to pump this high?
Not saying it's not possible, but holy shit.
What does it actually do?
I'm not buying until the next ATHHow do you function without a brain?
the fact it's perfectly at 1 dollar is a red flag for me.
The absolute state of some people on /biz/
how do you function without a brain meme
is it too late to buy nuls now that it's over $1???
it's dipping now.
Dude it's crashing right now.
Wait for $0.8 after that it will pump again.
dont be the guy who doesnt listen again
BUY THIS FUCKING DIP!
YOU WILL HAVE PROFITS MAD IN AN HOUR!
it just dropped under, dip before the moon~
T H E P R O P H E C Y
nice digitsweak hands getting shaken out right now desu, then its smooth sailing to $2
dont be the guy who doesn't listen again
fucking hell.
lmao dude you guys ate its but now its sickened your mind.
the moon happened.
THE PROPHECY GROWS!!!
You guys are so full of shit.
You have no idea where this is going or even what it does.
Stop telling people to buy when it just 10x'ed.
This is why biz gets dumped on so much.
THE PROPHECY IS ABUNDANT BRETHEREN.
TAKE NOTE
I want you to explain to me why you think it's a good idea to wait until the price increases to buy.
I'm sure a few others itt do as well.
thats a good picture
Why miss an easy 30x more?
Don't miss out bro.
This coin has partnerships and was delivered to /biz/ to make us money.
So far it has made many of us quite a lot.
And we hold or increase or positions.
At the rate it's grown wouldn't anything below a dollar be worth it?
im just watching this high af waiting for the dip to 0.38 to snag it up
cant wait for those fake sell walls .
to disappear and for this shit to moon again round 2
Alright, I did it, I have 243 Nuls now.
This phase is called idiots buying the *dip*
It is, I added it to my collection as well.
witness this you delusional dog brains
This is so far from resembling a crash or a dump you noobs.
This is a VERY HEALTHY correction on a meteoric rise.Don't be like people bitching from missing gains last night.
Is this going to dip further, or is it going to increase eventually?
426010142600304259935425978942597164259646The one man FUD machine, ladies and gentlemen.
this isnt a correction, it is a period of uncertaintly where bulls and bears are at war.
not a corection.
correct on the way there pepe worshiper
If you can't read an order book just buy some, and wait a week.
yes yesterday i was a one man shill machine.
looked what happened to those who listened wan wan
What a machine he is.
Lol
fucking fishhead sewer dragonfucking lost it, I do remember you from last nights thread though.
listen to meee reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

hey, wise chinaman is this coin going up again?
should I buy?
Holy shit.
I'm adding to my position here really soon.
Just got confirmation of some whatsapp normies about to flood in.
You wont witness what you dont want to hear.
You wont listen to the hand that helped feed you.
BURN with your bags goodbye
you my friend are a good man .
cheers for having a thick skin for h8tors..where does this go to?
This is a minimum $5 coin.
If you ain't in already it's your loss.
huge potential.
Wish I had more money to invest
Next pump should take it over 17.5k.
$2then $3then $5
Ya your not the one who told us buddy nice try you just hae the same pic which anyone cah nuse on the fuckkng internet.
we chugging semen lads
larp
FUCKING DOWN and after that?
Who Knows smart is hold BNB Now and not NULLS.
Mioney was made, bagholders made too .
No more hints or help bye until tomorrow night afternoon again 糞楽器
糞楽器>Google translate it>Can't make this shit up>Sides are in orbit
And we're gearing up to run again!
I felt like the guy from yesterday had better English than this guy, if I KNEW it was him I would sell like he says.
Yesterday he said to hold for a week.
The whitepaper comes out in a few days, I'm holding at least until then.
Apparently they sent a copy of the whitepaper to Binance and that's why they listed it so soon.
see 
Holy fuck, I'm crying.
epic nulls meme someone photoshop a tuba in a butt with nulls logo tooting out
Join our collaborated pump Channel on telegram where we discuss what coin we will pump next.
We have over 2.5 million to pump with.
I am giving away the Palm Beach confidential on November 16th.
t.me/joinchat/GlRSG0Po444c7gw8rld96wI'll see you there
I spent 10 minutes trying to send the BTC I had from coinbase to binance so I can buy nuls but turns out you need an ID... gonna miss out on this one guys.. hahaha fuck me... gotta make a ID asap
Fuck outta here.
Teeka is a loser this coin is gonna go apeshit.
What is a micro kernel?
what country are u in?
in america u dont need ID for any of that
Do you know this shit is already 30x ICO price?
ICO was for Inchain back then, and tokens were swapped / airdropped 1:1 to NULS.
Dump this shit and go to ADA or some legit shit.
At least some effort was put into that FUD, I want to buy more at 0.4 too.
But maybe 0.401 is safer?
All in mothafuckas
HERE WE GO AGAIN LADS!
About to start moving bigly!
For a very split second, it was almost 1 dollar again.
4260454same in canada, no id needed
Fucking still running.
Shits going to keep going.
Reminds me of the King BTC itself to be honest.
4260910this is on coinbase btw
haha yeah man this is definitely similar to bitcoin!!
oh and im in the us
Saw this going around in case anyone was interested.I might donate to op since a buncha fakes are coming out now.
ohh, ya, coinbase needs id to deposit.
All in on NULS.
lol, no white paper, nothing,2 dev, no activity in their slack, was there few days last week asking several questions, non of them answered properly, u retards deserve to loose money.
If it truly is a PND it might go crashing back down to .20Only put what you can afford to lose into this coin.
I just put one ether in it, and before today I put about 40 bucks in it.
Honestly I just want some excitement in my portfolio
Even if it went that low, which it wont, I would still be up.
The levels of cope, I swear.
I'm not coping.
This is money I can afford to lose; no one in the right mind should buy a coin that has went up 200% in the past couple of days.
lol...this no white paper nulls had more market cap then REQ, VEchain, MOD, Dovu, UKG...u retards crazy throwing away your money on shit coins...
The english white paper is coming this weekhttps://www.reddit.com/r/nulsservice/comments/7bqlfn/nuls_official_reddit/
Do you know how many didn't buy because it was already up 60%, then 120% then 180%?
You see where I am going here.
Stop looking at 1 minute candles.
Breathe.
Go have a nap or a pull or a feed or something.
Then when you are back and it is above 0.60 you will feel much better.
this shit is over op shill us something new this time i will buy
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Go away you fucking larptard
How high do you think things can go without people taking profits?
You're being ridiculous, this isn't FUD I'm spreading, but rather common sense.
If people take profits from BTC and ETH why is this coin immune to taking people taking profits.I've heard rumours of it being listed for sale with BTC and ETH, so if that is true I'm taking a safe bet.
But god learn to take profits so you won't be stuck with a shit coin forever.Like I said, the money I have spent is money I can afford to lose.
I don't expect this to go much higher, but I honestly don't care.
I just want my portfolio to do something.
If you don't hold NULS overnight for the white papers release you're going to want to blow your brains out
You can buy NULS with BTC on Binance now
there will probably be decent profit taking at $1.50, $2.00 and $3.00, but have you watched how fast this has moved already.
There is benefit to moving fast, there can only really be a handful of us that actually went in on this, and they know that.
Do you think they want to give us time to accumulate?
this.
Hold this for another day and double your profits easy.
Just look at the momentum at which this is rising since yesterday.
And with the whitepaper coming in a day, expect the chinks to FOMO hard.
WTC went up 500% in a matter of days.
This will be no different.
This happened with ODN, a ICO i'm pretty heavily invested in.
Don't think you're hot shit because you've been in here since November 7th
rumours of it being listed for sale with BTC and ETHWelcome to a few hours ago.
I never said I was, I'm just along for the ride like everyone else, and trying not to be an asshat about it.
How's that going for you?
dude no shit i've literally been here since november 7, this was my first alt coin and went $500->almost 5kjust trying not to blow it
ohshi-
4261432and here we go dumping 2017 the day that fell in infamy!
if this is true so much for 40k% LOL
the whitepaper was already released in chinese, hence the rise + binance listing.
keep your FUD to yourself pajeetanybody has doubts visit their telegram, whitepaper will be out in next 24 hours
It's not.
It's a bad copy pasta.
Refer to the original posting linked in this thread.
No bullshit.
Is it too late to buy into this?
I got $700 I wanna throw into this.
It's not too late.
Buy and hold NULS overnight or feel JUST'd tomorrow
NAH.
We're just heating up to go for another run.
A good time, really.
better late than never, but make sure you buy NOW before the English whitepaper gets released.
Is it too much too hope this can FOMO push it to $5, then onwards to $10?
Part of one belt one road
Honestly I've seen people say the most it can go is 5, which itself is a good amount.
However, the whole craze with Nuls on /biz/ started with a thread where OP said its value would rise by 40,000%, here's hoping to that at least.
It's been a slow month, people are keen to take gainz.
What-what if It explodes beyond all sell walls causing FOMO buybacks beyond reckoning.
$25 EOW!
countdown to lambo day boys
God damn I'm so tempted to go balls in.
But i still need to keep myself safe.
Still not getting greedy has kept me pretty good so far.
Wait, something just occurred to me.
KUCOIN WHEN!?
At $4, just in time to take us to $5 and beyond.
Thank you Mr.
Bond, I'll have a martini to that, shaken, not stirred.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGtH11r7R8g
not a bad vid.
I like Kucoin, it's where I have a decent chunk of my RPX.
Mooning again!?
We're gonna hit $2 from the english whitepaper release tonight, I am pretty sure.
After that, who knows.
That's what I told myself at .28 cents last night.
So....yeah.
Honestly, not much to lose on this one.
What time is the release GMT, anon?
I think we have another 4 hours?
Holy shit we're flying.
Going for new high for the day!
get in
YES, WE'RE MOVING AGAIN!
PM Beijing time...so.... - 12 hours?
(it's 4PM in china right now.)
This is unreal I feel like I'm dreaming
It's fucking beautiful.
Weak hands and naysayers BTFO.
If you don't buy more NULS right now you're going to feel so JUST'd
This has been the greatest unJUSTing this board has needed.
Thanks be to Based Whale from last night.
┊┊┊┊┊╭╭╭╮╮╮┊┊┊┊ ┊┊┊┊┊╰╰╲╱╯╯┊┊┊┊ ┊┏╮╭┓╭━━━━━━╮┊┊ ┊╰╮╭╯┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┃┊┊ ┊┊┃╰━╯┈┈╰╯┈┈┃┊┊ ┊┊┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┈╰━┫┊┊ ╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲
I wrote it down before I went to bed.
Don't be like me...biz.
sigh.
It's not too late at all
Why isn't Reddit talking about this coin at all?
Are they really all that far behind the buzz?
Because Reddit is shit.
as usual.
lolwont take long though.
mind, you watch them be all over it when someone drops the english whitepaper on their heads in a few hours.
$5 EOW is actually starting to look possible.
I know...it just stings to have written it down, and went to sleep before the BNB pairing went to BTC.
Shoulda trusted my gut.
In now.
What's the consensus boys, too late to see some gains?
NO.
We are going to $5
If you get in now we may blow past that 16k sat sell wall with authority soon, so you'd see whatever comes of that.
Get the fuck in now.
We seriously going for atleast $5
Because the hot tip from a whale was dropped here FIRST.
This is the only Western board that knew about it immediately after the Chinese spoke about it, then Telegraph heard about it etc.
Reddit is so far behind the curve its ridiculous.
The upvote downvote system also injects politics and favoritism into what makes front page
Did someone make a screencap of what he said?
This.
Critical level.
do it!
original thread.
Too late to go all in?
My nigga.
Thanks
$ is unrealistic.
But 2$ in the next 8h is very likely
NOT TOO LATE GET THE FUCK IN JESUS CHRIST STOP HESITATING.
And FFS hold for at the minimum two days once you buy, preferably much longer
.174 AND CLIMBINNNGGGGGG
NO BRAKES!
CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS!
Could whoever is selling 3 BTC worth at a measly $1.25 fucking cut it out so we can hit $2+?
4262401Strapped in.
Take me to the promised land.
and he was doing it an hour or two ago at $1.00 and he will do it again at $2.00.
How many times do we have to tell you this?
You have to be an idiot to not be buying more right now.
All the obvious signs of a nearby takeoff.
Official countdown to lambo day http://itsalmo.st/#timeforthewhitepapers
Why does my exchange not have this coin
What do you guys think.
How much do you need in to get to lambo status when this takes off
not having an account for each exchange.
Someone created /r/nulsservice with shit we already know
kek
Poor Reddit.
Bless their heart.
I know that you hesitate to jump in because it's already mooned hard.
But worry not my son, for it is still not too late.>Circulating supply is 40m.
Current price is around $1.
Total supply will be 100m when they release their own chain in 4 months.>What is NULS?
They position themselves to be the competitor to NEO.
This could be the next moon mission after NEO and WTC.>The white paper will be released at 20:00 Beijing time (3,5 hours from now).
The website will also be updated with the profiles of the team members.Now I've given you all the important infos you need.
If you still have questions, join us in telegram: t.me/Nulsio
depends, how many lambos u want
Get in Binance, RIGHT NOWP.S.
here's my referral code 11080619pic related is the last chance you have before it moons
Throw some spare Satoshi ;)1KiBLpruAPs7y1b1bD2SxCiTeUB9hnAHZX
Guys, I haven't slept for two days keeping an eye on this coin.
I need sleep, and thus I'll probably miss out on the wp release.
I trust my Nuls will be safe and gainful when I wake up, though.Godspeed to you all and goodnight.
good luck anon best of luck to you.
Maybe withdraw initila investment?
DONT SLEEP SELL WALL OF DEATH IN FRONT OF US
what do you mean?
>nocoiners right now
God damn look at those sell walls
Just moving walls.
People taking profits.
Don't stress lad, get some sleep.
REQ just hit ICO price again.
Do I sell all my REQ for NUL?
Or will I get rekt?
where do i buy/store/look at the value of this shitbrainlet btcfag
This could be the next moon mission after NEO and WTC.
How aggressively were you shilled on REQt?
because dubshttps://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=NULS_Bnb
You're already REQ'dAsk yourself this: Has anyone that isn't fudding COMPLAINED yet?
lol
Will we need to sell within a 12 hour period?
Not if you can wait for a week or so and not stress over tiny little dips unless you are actively trading it.
Why do I have to keep answering this question?
HOLD.
It's about to spike right now.
Quit pumping this chink crap.
as if /biz/ has enough capacity for that
LET ME FINISH THIS CONFIRMATION SO I CAN BUY MORE NULS REEEEEEEEEELET'S GOOOOOO is my thread haha
4262676Watch them get pulled.
This is ready to go parabolic.
Not just shilling for once.
Doubt it will see $5 but may temporarily see $2.20~ tonight.
The answer to pic related is widespread adoption amongst the payroll bureaus in China to begin paying certain workers in certain areas with it
sum ting wong if u no buy nuls lulzgr8 deal m8s lambo drive
I have 10 nuls, will I make it?
Dis shit is gonna moon.
NEO 2.0!
I... jusy made more fucking money in the past 24 hours than I have my whole life.I...
I dont know what to say.
Un fucking real.
I am a new man.
That puts a smile on my face.
Glad to hear it anon.
Congrats!
I'm happy for you bro.
I DONT GET PAID MY WAGIEBUCKS UNTIL TOMORROW.
I WANT NULS REEEEE
Credit card that shit.
Had I done that when I heard of this first I'd already be up thousands.
KOTOR, great game.Happy for you anon
Did a little browsing on NULS Twitter.
Does anyone not see the implications and hints they're giving here?
"Maybe it's just a small step" in regards to moon -> 'giant leap for mankind' ahead?
This is part of a huge picture, eluding to the future of crypto/itself?https://twitter.com/nulsservice
You horrid cunt.Dont ever tell people to borrow money to buy crypto.
If he is due to get paid let's say $1000 money that he could spend for leisure, why not buy it on a credit card tonight and pay back the $1000 tomorrow before any interest accrues and he doesn't miss out a potential moon mission?
are you dumb????
?If you cant afford to loose money dont invest, especially in crypto and stocks
you nig it went up already 300%, if you have the spare money invest, i did 1 hour ago but pleaaaaase dont credit that shit, OMG
Because rule number one is never to spend money you dont have to lose.
Also, why aren't you doing that too then?Because it's fucking terrible advice, that's why.
Wants to invest $300 in crypto>Only $30 in bank>$1,000 arrives tomorrow>Puts 300 on CC>$1,000 arrives>Pays off 300 on CC with bank fundsWhat's the problem?I didn't find it worth the risk personally
And this fag is still gonna respond to  like it isn't the most blatant trolling on the board