
Wow wtf it actually is
2100 sats>mooningpeople bought at 10k lol
.000 sats by tomorrow.This is the last time you'll buy LINK under 0,2 cents
They said the same when it was 50 cents"This is the last time ull ever see link at this price"Guess they were right
YES
>up 10%>HILY FCKCK WERE MOONING BOIS
LAST TIME YOU EVER SEE .15 CENT LINK ANONS.
APOLOGIZE AND GET IN YOU WILL BE FORGIVEN
ITs back to 15c again
We have not even turned the engines on according to the market.
The market forgets who this company talks to and works with.
They seem to think this is to good to be true.
The market seems to like shitcoins like:XRPNEOOMGBITCONNECT - LOLXVGAND SO ON
ALIS will be big end of DEC. ODN is about to rebrand and come out wiht its platform on DEC4th and ppl are slowly buying in while its low.
POPWR still had anotehr climb up to $1.50 or more.
I would ride POWR for a bit buying in this dip and then sell at about $1.50 and then go all in ODN till the 3rd DEC then sell that and go all in ALIS.
odn won't do shit until it's on a real exchange.>tfw mined my first odn block today
OMG is the only crypto with an actual payment company behind it lol.For your perspective imagine if american express or visa had a crypto.
now imagine their government supports it.
now imagine vitalik is an office advisor.
now imagine that same payment system is already being used in a major fast food chain.
now imagine a central national bank from another country approves of it and wants to integrate your tech.there's more to it than a skateboard.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
>link is mooningnext you're going to say real flippening is link replacing btc
The market doesn't care about memesGive us news, give us updates and then people will buy
Got in at 1976.
Am I forgiven, Father?
Alright, I kek'd out loud at this image.
am I th eonly one worried about Aeternity?
they claim to be working on descentralized oracles too and their mainnet is supposed to launch on Q1 2018 (so says their roadmap).anyone believes it's a scam or we're missing out?
Link made the first move and is famous in the cryptoworld.
Ivd never heard about aeternity and never saw their faces either.
on CMC aeternity starts chartin on june 1 and link on september 20I was so comfy but now I'm a bit worried :S
Lol you forgot the part where Steve smokes weed to cope with the stress, but otherwise I love this pasta.
It's because you don't actually frequent crypto communities besides this one (and maybe reddit) and got here after the summer.
Crypto didn't even exist back then
Never heard of it, must suck.
4514012it's also listed on: liqui, gate.io,HitBTC, etherdelta, mercatox, decentrex and hypexeven has a USDT pairshit, someone comfy me
Here's the aeternity whitepaper: https://aeternity.com/aeternity-blockchain-whitepaper.pdfThey talk about "decentralised oracles" on page 5.If you honestly think that they pose even the remotest threat to ChainLink then I weep for you.
alright that was lamethanks man, looks really well but dosen't have good ideas
>mfw back at 18 cents soon
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the emergency room at the McHospital.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
Tfw I made that pasta as well
at least we're not a faggot trying to create a copy-pasta, based on another copy-pasta, on an anonymous board, shitting on a coin that you don't even own, while you could be making money
imagine if american express or visa had a cryptom8, you're literally talking about XRP.
faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS"
How's that?
Speaking of which what does XRP even do?
while you could be making moneyt.
Deranged bag hodler at 50 cents
Convert currencies.
I bought at 15cents, m8
Monero aint a shitcoin dude, I dont have any but that stuff is in now way a shitcoin lol its being adopted by the black market, some circles are exclusivley using it and you would be best to educate yourself as to why
things disturb me about monero, you might educate me on one:1- enabling black market users: drug addicts/sellers, pedos, gun dealing, terrorism, all the things I don't like2- With a private ledger, how do I know the devs aren't creating coins and selling them on the market?
how can I know new coins aren't being forged/duplicated?
The whole point of bitcoin is to have a decentralized PUBLIC ledger after all
Enabling black market users is a good thing if you are in it for profits, which is the main point of making investments.
The black market is a growth industry so w/e like it or not thats a happening thing.With monero yeah the devs could be fucking around the in the shadows fair point.However the system they have setup insures 100% privacy in transactions, the quantites and who is sending and receiving.
There was a wikileaks article with the FBI writing about how they could not keep track of monero AT ALL.
But with BTC they work with insitutions that put adresses to real people and try to monitor it.
The less control gubbermint has over my money the better so I am for monero in that regard
Lmaooooooooooooo how revolutionary!
I want to make money so I don't have morals>there's only 1 good opportunity to make money on cryptolet's not derail the thread dudeI'm ok with privacy and anti-government but I just can't make that investment.
Not liking the government or states dosen't mean I don't have morals or values>With monero yeah the devs could be fucking around the in the shadows fair point.this will keep this coin as money-launder and junkie coin, no matter how good the tech is, no sane person would invest on thismoney launders sell the coins after doing their business and junkies are poor, so...it's a good hedge from time to time though, I don't use but I can understand thatnot judging you or anything, just take these things into account.
and GL m8
Black market and increased divorce rates (hiding wealth from partners) are what give me confidence in bitcoin lol.Yeah not judging either good to hear different opinions
So you don't use cash, then, I take it, given the role cash has in global drug, arms and people smuggling markets?
It's where it was at 4 days ago.
I wouldn't if I could, also pay most of my shit with debitcrypto is supposed to be better than cash, not "virtual cash"
>Link slightly in the green for once>linktards: hurrrrrrr mooning *drool*
>RENTUS>FREEUS
THEY'RE GOING TO ERASE THE WHOLE FUCKING SELL BOOK