IOTA IS GOD
Their wallet is pure pain in the ass.
be me>bought 5 Giota at 34 cents>didn't sell at 98 cents>still feel comfy as fuckyou can't beat this
I got 113 GI.
My tits are about to pop off.
It's literally just a tether pump.
It’s Islamic
tfw only 0.5 GIOTA
IOTA will top bitcoin and eth within 3 years...cap it
When moon?
>they use the term 'internet of things'jesus christ seriously?
inchalah my brother
biggest shitcoin by syrian refugees.
no thanks
4491629You guys are pol fags who never get laid
its in the fucking name retardand yes seriously just cos you as a poorfag don't have anything cool, doesn't mean there aren't lots of objects connected to the internet which is literally all that means
Y-y-yeah, we get t-t-tons of pussy
I notice internet of things products are just starting to get shilled hard now by Samsung and the like.
Will be all you hear about in the next decade.
Like when LCD TVs took off.
Not that neccesarilly means anything for Iota but fingers crossed
>Balance 0give the fucking funds back you cunts
PRAISE IOTA ALLAHU ACKBAR
>buying IOTA
It's called IOTA because....Iota is the ninth letter of the Greek alphabet.
It is also a term used in conversation to metaphorically suggest something very small (i.e.
"the least iota").Its just a coincidence that the acrynym for Internet-of-things is IOT.
Post or gtfo
Their wallet is pure pain in the assWhut >Doesn't require to download whole chain>just backup the seed Easy and no bugs or strange behavior.
It was a selling point for me.
apart from one day you find 0 balance cos the devs stole it, wtf is that shit
you don't trust people on 4chan?
Your tits dummy
The image turned out be exactly what it looked like in the thumb
I dream of the day when the solar panels on my car can buy my cup of coffee in the morning from an automated coffee shop
I dream of the day some dev team better than iota comes along with a similar concept and fucks themIota has a good concept but THAT'S ALL IT IS
hurr durr the genius devs are meaniesIOTA is the best project out there, No fees, infinitely scalable, wide range of applications.
The tangle is a thing of mathematical beauty.
Apparently the cofounder CfB was the infamous CBNext from Nxt in 2015. Who implemented the first POS, something Vitalik been wet dreaming himself.
It's a concept man, they haven't delivered shit yet.
I've been following IOTA for almost a year, only time will tell.
I just think it's important to know that right know, it's speculative hype - a problem to still be solved, like double spending before bitcoin came about.
We'll see if they can deliver, but as of yet I'm skeptical with their track record.
And lol I bet you don't know a lick of math son
(You) have no idea
Yes I do, as I said I've been following IOTA for over a year and I doubt you know a damn thing about mathematical beauty.
How about you reply with substance rather than vapid memes.
How would (You) have any idea what my conception of math is.
You sit at a computer somewhere else in the world and just so happen to be in the same corner of the internet.
I do know that 0!
and IOTA is trying to achieve that.
Its still in BETA and there is a lot of hardware that would have to be manufactured, nevermind the software and machine learning to be done in order to make it work.
I think the vision is beautiful, now here's your (You), fagoot.
sometimes good ideas arent enough.
you have to actually deliver the product that was promised.
see golem
Raiblocks senpai
!
being 1 is very debatable.It's an arbitrary definition not supported by any mathematical logic.
It's just practical to define it this way.
IOTA is trying to achieve 0!?
What the hell are you talking about anon.I don't have to know about your perception of math, only that probability tells me you likely have a shit one.
Yeah, but it's useful.
Much of math is built this way.
Like the empty set and zero.
4495795My mathematical comprehension is in terms of motion end energy.
From an economic and historic perspective it makes sense that motion should trend toward 0!
I think that this is best, but perhaps I'm just being stubborn.
It is debatable of course.
I just think that 0!
is a more ambitious and worthwhile goal.
Do you even know what the hell yo're saying?
You don't know what math is and you've been caught.
Unless this is a joke you're literally speaking jobbers.
Typical of an iota holder.
How is anything going to compete in 2-3 years when this is fully operational.
You tell me
IOTA IS ALLAHftfyT A K B I RAKBIR
yep shut viatlik the hell up the other daygarbage shit on blockchain
whenI think you mean if
Thanks I'll check it out

These fags haven't delivered shit and it's been a decade (in crypto years, of course)
and gtfo with your normie memes NORMAN