4chan seems to have no idea how big DCORP is going to be.
So let me educate you faggots on this hidden gem so you don't miss the train.DRP currently has a $6m market cap with 8m tokens in circulation.
It is selling at 85 cents on Etherdelta and Cryptopia.DCORP is the first fucking decentralized venture capitalism firm.This means DRP token holders can vote to fund projects they like (by converting to DRPS), and receive dividends on all projects funded (converting to DRPS).
In the stock market, average dividend yield is usually 2%.
So for you to make $1 you need to invest $50.
For DCORP to pay out $1 dividends to token holders it only needs to make $8m.
Please fucking think about that for a second.
Imagine how much in dividends it will be paying out as the VC platform takes off.
The VC platform, along with a new site is set to be launched THIS DECEMBER.
Their team already confirmed they have plenty of projects in store to be submitted December 1st.DCORP is also making a decentralized derivatives exchange (with leveraging).
The derivatives market is insanely huge, I hope I don't need to explain this too.
The DEX is scheduled for Q2 2018.So anon, why should I buy in right now?
Well faggots, low market cap tokens explode without warning.
The VC platform is scheduled for release in December, and DRP will also be on HitBTC December 1st, as the projects flood in.
DRP will go at least x5 in value before 2018, screencap this post.
Get in now or cry in two weeks, "don't fucking say /biz/ doesn't do anything for you".
Did some searching, can't find anything wrong.
Am I blind or something?
Can't find what?
They got a whitepaper and website:https://www.dcorp.it/On etherdelta:https://etherdelta.com/#DRP-ETHThey were also featured on Forbes and Venturebeat
Low marketcap is an automatic win.
It can be easily pump x4.
Bought this at ico, its gonna be good
bullshit platform another DNT in the making
Typical 4chan faggot..."bullshit platform" no reasoning plus a nonsense comparison.
Stay poor
bullshit platform another DNT in the making90% are bulshit soooo
Dont tell these bizbros yet, they just want their quick gains fomoing on bcash
No need to explain.
Anyone buying into this is braindead and deserves to lose their money.
Go invest in this and lose it all
These guys are fucking morons buying garbage like bcash and ignoring a derivatives exchange kek
no need to explain>I have nothing to back up my FUD
I dont own any, but what makes it a bad project in your opinion?
This.You are the braindead faggot.
Go buy your shitcoins.
This is a solid project with good potential.
Idiots like you comment with no useful argument trying to FUD it.
This is my porfolio a week ago.
I've bought about 70k dcorp
just read through the white paper and imagine the potential .
worst case scenario ( with so many posts on 4chan its anyhow going 3x with this market cap) .
Its already rising...gonna post again in two weeks when im rich af.
Not the first time this was attemptedhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_DAO_(organization)>it failed, read why
biz shills it, i am not buying
Their core business is doing VC funding for new ideas.If the idea is good enough why go to DCORP to gain funding while they can just launch an ICO to gain funding AND keep the rights to the product?
The decentralized exchange is fun and stuff but there are tons.
Hedge token is also workign on a derivative exchange and spectre as well.
Yes but DCORP's structure with DRPS and DRPU makes it unique.
Also, the projects will be voted on by the token holders and backed up by the board of directors vote when needed.
Read whitepaper.
Not every team has the required marketing and skill to pull off a successful ICO.
Especially after SEC are going into action in the coming year.
DCORP already has their legal team and comply with regulations.
It's going on HitBTC on November 17.
No way it doesn't hit $2.
More like DKEK, I'm glad I got out of this shitcoin at the peak two days ago.
Sell your bags now and get out while you can
I am an idiot who just insta dumps after releaseWhy do idiots like you even comment?
Do you have anything useful to say or just baseless FUD
Thanks for buying my bags
I spent a couple eth's on EDfeelsgoodman
so you bought at ico, waited 4 fking months and dumped?
lol your brain must hurt because of retardation