>Not being all in on doge for easy 400%
Scam
will buy dogecoin ONLY when it hits 1 satoshi.
will hold BTC until then.
i wanna fuck her mouth til she suffocates

im all in
just went all in dogelaughing at u fags when it hits $1, and this wont take too long, trust me
This is the real flipening
you got to be shitting me pajeet, fuckoff
Learn crypto history, kid
Another dog going to the moon
no one asks whyWhy?
Why is it doing this?
When Amazon announces something huge, their stock increases.
Makes sense.
When a cheap crypto spikes, it's being manipulated by people on Discord or something who smell like onions and piss.
Nice trips faggot.
You are being manipulated.
All in on Doge.
Match me!
2018 is Chinese year of the doge.
Easily will hit 100 sats
what the fuck are you calling me pajeet for lmaoanyway i am not shitting you and although you were being rude, I'l advice you to buy now or you are missing the train oh you are so wrong..
Can you tell me how I'm wrong?
All I want is a logical reason for this spike.
If there's no discernible reason, then I'll have to assume that it's just plain manipulation and not a good idea to get into.I got into POWR at 9 cents, because it made sense.
You are very nice person i am glad i am going to the moon with you
I bought a complete tradshcoin scam with no blockchain for 9 cents and made 100$>thinks dogecoin won't pump like it always doesEpic.
Fuck off newcoiner
Stop searching for any sense in crypto my friend and join the rocket.
Dode will help us see that earth is not flat
people were literally waiting for it to break the 21 cent barrier to signal a new uptrend.DOGE has seasonal pumps, its just how it acts.
It moves fairly steadily with LTC too.Check its history... just pump after pump.
This is one of those pumps.Cryptoyoda even mentioned it as a good buy two weeks in a row for the potential profits to be made.
Get in before 30 sats.http://cryptowisdom.io/cryptowisdom-market-report-2-november-22nd-2017/the recommendations are at the bottom of his article ^
in case you are lazy here is the quote from this week:"Yes, its $DOGE again.
Reason for my continued interest in that trade is due to the high odds of profitability when it finally breaks the High at 20 sats.
I personally know many traders accumulating heavy bags around that area here in anticipation of that happening.
Buying around here would be a x10 to ATH, potential overshoot not calculated.
Suggested strategy: Buy if 20 high is taken out, trigger 21."
No cogent points, great job cumshitter.Thanks, at least you make sense and you're honest about this shit.
read 4523171thank you brother me too
isnt it hillarious how all the garbage pump and dumps are always bought into but things with history and trends like DOGE never get bought when they start a new pump?
I tried telling people last night and early today, but honestly its getting annoying having people give me shit for trying to actually give people advice that will make them money...
If you were in at 12 sat, youre good.
Anything now is a crap shoot
I read a doge moon warning post last night at 1am est when i awoke to hit the washroom.
Decided it would be rational to be irrational and bought at 18
its already up 10 sats from when you bought in lol.
Just bought about $5.50 worth of Doge.
Am I going to make it?
y
THERE WE GO NIGGAS!!!
Buy more dodecoin because you will earn alot of money
There are going to be some mad dodge bagholders pretty soon