Bought this when it was first shilled then it started dropping and all of a sudden the shillers stopped so Im just here holding bags now.
Its gonna moon now right?
Right?
LOLOLOL ABORT ABORT HAHAHAHA damn glad i saw the signals and bailed gl/hf man
haha get rekt
lmao give it a day or two bro... it's not even on CMC yet.this shit gonna 5-10x just hold until then.
a few 4ch shills isnt going to bring that type of volume.
wait for CMC listing
lol you guys on the FUD is so retarded, idc cuz i bought at .0002 but like.. you expect 10x in 1 hour?
saying abort?so dumb.
THATS WHAT THEY ALWAYS SAY
it was added to yobit its trading at 1 eth peryou will see 1 dollar per token soon
im not lying to you, it's the first night anyone has heard of the coin (first 2 hours)just sit on it, it will go up i can almost promise.go on twitter and shill a little if you're really worried.
this coin got shilled way too hard and insincerely.
i was on board but saw the tide turning and got out whole.
you need a sly pump or something more organic but this was like 30 threads in 10 minutes.
made it look too scammy.
Never buy anything on biz
SO DO I STAY OR NOT?
HELPPPPP
stay man.
give the coin a chance.
seriously.
i FOMO'd on MOD at .0088 and it took a week, but I eventually got my investment back.how much did you put in and at what price?
idiots, this will go to one dollar by saturday
I put in all my money on 0.00028 and should have cashed out at 0.00054 fuck me i knew this was a PnD too
chill out dude you just bought a dimaond in the ruff
you bought at .00028 and you're afraid?and calling it a p&d?LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOfuck you faggot
I mean thats what it is, no?
even the op of the original thread said he just picked something to pump without doing any research on the actual coin.
weak handed pussiesthis is easy 5x to 10x
he wants you to dump so he can buy more on the cheap
its NOT EVEN LISTED ON CMC YETquit crypto u really dont understand shit.wasted my time thinking i needed to console youfuck off.
please sell.
you dont deserve 5x
and thats the only reason it should go 5x?
lol ur the one that should quit thinking a coin should multiply just because it isnt listed on some site
just hold until cmc - team is very heavily stacked on the dev side - they just need to build coverage for 5x
i agree why not help them?get exposure
patience is not one of /biz/'s virtues.how many competitors to EPY do we have rn?HODL faggots!
Not even on cmc yet>No subreddit yetREEEEEEEEEE WHERE IS MY 10X GAIN MOMMY IT'S BEEN 2 HOURS REEEEE ABORT ABORT
Lmao no OPthe whole point of the decentralisation meme is to cut out the middle man.
Shit like this will be obsolete af when some kind of Ethereum-based tokenised open source Craigslist for everything comes along Fuck i laugh at these projects, they obviously STILL can't grasp to reality of what decentralisation actually means
dip shit ether is .com 2.0 tokens are securities
Who here got pajeet'd by this coin?
only the idiots who sold at a lossffs i feel safer in this then any shit on bittrex atm
Why don't you go fuck yourself for the third time today
why dont you suck a nigger cock
buying non shitcoins with new free eth from dumping epy