Every alt is mooning, but only the ones with actual fundamentals will get the farthest.
Just a reminder, Ark > Eth$10 by January.
100$ eoy 2018
tfw this is actually realistic
I just want a nice floor of $3.50 for now, I swear if it goes back to the 35k range I'll be furious
Hell yeah its fuckin moon time my niggaz
How could you look at the graph and not see that's exactly what's going to happen?
35k I mean.
If you zoom out, and look at long term; we're gonna be hitting $10+ in the next 2-3 months.
Why the fuck did it stop mooning already
Ok, but not for 2-3 months though.
I just sold this tip.
I'll get back in at 35k lol.
Agreeing with this
*ahem*Buy ark if you want a 100x gains.
BUTBuy Link if you want a 1000x gains.After all, ARK could not compete with omisegay and ANS 2.0 in august......
Low volume, big whales
All alts stopped mooning.
Wait ti'll chinks are awake.
Link is a shitcoin.
Check Ark's roadmap to understand why it's a future top 3 coin.
>fundamentalsShow me a single scrap of documentation about ARK VM, or proof of it's existence.
It isnt mentioned a single time in the white paper and it's the only useful feature.
But yes it's 55% done!
That's right arkies a single line of sales copy is 55% of the battle!
Fucking idiots
It went up 25% in 2 hours, that needs a little recovery timeJust be patient anon.
shitcoinExcuse, but has HLC namedropped your coin recently?
Is your coin partnered with SWIFT?
And do you have Sony as smartcontract user?And thats only naming 5% of the companies already on board with link *clings wine glass*
Other projects have been completed.
ArkVM will just be another completed project added onto the list when it's done.
https://twitter.com/ArkEcosystem/status/922458279405637633
https://mobile.twitter.com/ArkEcosystem/status/922458279405637633The Ark team doesn't release much information about what's under development until it's either finished or near-completion.
Just like how Apple doesn't tell its shareholders about what they're working on for their new OS, they just release it when it's finished.
4253124>Literally some unintelligible scribbles on a whiteboardNevermind, you guys deserve to lose your money.
Carry on
$ per link ?
yeah no
why the fuck do linkfags always come into ARK threads and shit them up
spoonfeed me every single detail about what's being developed even though the Ark team keeps it all very in-house until it's finished
even if we just hit $24 thats still 100x more than ARK will
Link will stay a shitcoin, but it seems like most of /biz/ is already invested.
Which sucks.
More like, why the fuck do Arkies always come into OUR CHAIN LINK BOARD AND WEBSITE and shit them up
if
we were here before you, and you have your own threads which make up a good fifth of the board, don't be an insufferable faggot
15 linkfaggot threads in catalog everyday for the past couple months>few ARK threads a day You deluded faggots are annoying is why.
4253313we could do without both, this board might actually have some worthwhile discussion instead of your constant shitposting
Why wouldn't they just wait until the product is released to release the coin?
Why does everyone here invest in promises?
I'm not saying it won't do well short term, it's a hype coin.
But long-term this looks like shit.
A crypto-currency where you have to vote to participate and don't get to download the blockchain.
Makes no sense to me.
Every other crypto lets you have the blockchain and you get all the benefits without having to waste time voting.
>I had my stop-loss at 30kAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa
ok go start a thread what to your taste is a worthwhile discussion nobody is gonna stop you or if you want karma circlejerk you can always go to leddit
I would explain, but honestly, I don't really care if you buy any or not.
I'll just say that people invest in order to fund the project.
It's why they were able to hire new devs and have to ability to focus full-time on it.
>there are people on biz who don't own both Ark and Chainlink??
*the ability
I have 100% of my funds invested into LINK but I'm jealous of Ark's delegate system.
I wish LINK had that.
You should put like 25% into Ark senpai
don't worry fellow linkie.
Ark is too expensive for us.
We need 3k arks to make 1 ark a day
More shillers who can't actually explain anything but hope meme magic will get them a Lambo.
That's not how the world works son.
You have to trade based on fundamentals and this coin doesn't have them.
If a similar coin comes out that has the product ready first and doesn't ask for an investment before they are ready it will crush Ark.
But you guys still invest in promises.
I'm already balls deep into link.
I believe it's my ticket out of wagecuckery.
Can't pull out now.This is also why I chose link, it's a lot easier to get rich if you buy a lot at 17 cents than if you buy less at $2.50
This coin is building the foundation, and has a good community full of people helping to build it.
If you want to invest in something that's already finished, try buying some stocks.
yeah 17 cents.5 dollars
Good luck to you, hopefully we all make it
Pull your balls out of link and go all in on Ark.
That's what I did.
Or real crypto's.
Bitcoin was released as a finished product.
Yes it gets upgrades but it was fully functional.
Ark is not fully functional.
Which means it has developers that are not seriously committed to the project.
They are instead committed to taking money out of your pocket in exchange for promises.
can you stake link?
nopebut you can run a node, but that's for omega-whales only
Promises that they've been following through on.
And Bitcoin is the ONLY crypto that was released as a "finished product," everything else has been a project under development.
Ethereum, for example, was launched in 2014 as a barebones blockchain that barely worked with just Vitalik and a few friends as devs.
It has an extremely bright future ahead.
Just remember to buy once it's finished and worth 100x more than it is now.
Me rn.
Why has Ark being going down so long?I guess even NEO has dropped considerably from its ATH.Anways I got 410 Arks, hope I'm gonna make it.
go to 1 day chart and scroll out.
this coin is just repeating a pattern.
we should be entering the next run up stage soon
ARK added to new exchange oh shit my niggaz this will be good, mobile wallets soon and ARKVM in Q1 2018 100$ ARK here we come, shit never felt so comfy
Absolutely the comfiest hold.
exactly G, with those updates we will be at 100$ in Q4 2018
Literally everyone should have Ark in their portfolio
D E L U D E DELUDED
Of all the delusioncoins on 4chan Ark is the most pathetic.Just a bunch of fat assholes as developers, with completely and entirely redundant technology but with COOL BELLS AND WHISTLES YAYYY!!
!It's the prototypical try hard coin that nobody will ever adopt, nobody will ever care about, and everyone will forget.The time to make Ark was in 2013.
Like any race these fat assholes are in, they came in last.Enjoy your bags!How about focusing on adoption and partnerships and relationships and future protocol level integration instead of quirky videos and unnecessary """""improvements"""" to better technology nobody even wants?Try that when investing.
nice reddit spacing off you go :)
Because they don't understand the difference between a long-term hodl and a scam, and they're subconsciously bitter.
WowI canDelete paragraph spaces too!
Blocknet > Ark
cucknet is a whackass version of ark u will drown in the flood dumb nigga
Literally not a single one of those points is a valid argument.
people will randomly want to adopt redundant technology>with no purpose>with no partnerships>developed by obese retards>for no reason (other than they really like me and I invested in it, I guess)>no argumentThe absolute state of /biz/
Ark is a fucking knock off.
Smart bridge is just a shitty copy of the blocknet xbridge.
Get in now or regret your shitty Ark bags that have no real value
nice 'bigpump' you got there, faggot
You obviously don't understand the project, and I'm not going to bother spoonfeeding it to you.
4255231really activates my almonds
great pasta, thanks
What is difference?
Stay poor faggot
do you think the spike today was the beginning of the next run up?
just started looking into ARK but since it pumped today i thought i might wait a little bit since it went up so much.im going to be investing in ark either way but i wanted to maximize the amount i can get.
if i were to buy in right now i would get ~5,500
hard to say man.
to me at least it looks like its bounced off its historical support line and its pulled back a little bit already from todays boom.
another exchange coming in a few days, the ark foundation is apparently gonna be ready by end of next week, mobile wallets soonish.
if it looks like 38-39k sats is holding, this wouldnt be a bad price
I would wait and see if the price dips a little more; hopefully back to $2.50-$2.60.
With 5,500 Ark right now you would be making about 9-10 Ark per week in staking.
well the thing is im all in with ETH atm.
i was hoping ETH could pump on its own a little bit independently of other alts then i would sell some ETH for ARK.
but every single time ETH pumps ARK pumps as well.
it seems that even if i were to put some ETH into ARK, i wouldn't really miss out since they always pump together.
ive been watching them do this together for weeks now.i would just hate to sell my eth after watching it sit at $300 for months and see it pump to $400 as soon as i sell it
Faggot plebbitor
LARPING being shy on the internet.... what have I just witnessed.
Can't put money in cos Coinbase is down.Should I sell my 30 OMG and buy ARK?
What about my 1000 $edgThat nearly killed me.
Lowest point tho
do you think OMG goes x100 or even 10 ?
I doubt it.
With Ark it's possible.
Also, new exchange tomorrow, mobile wallets 96%, but I'm pretty sure it's finished and they've been withholding it because of the fork drama.
Expect another 5-10 % because of the new exchange (check reddit)
Which exchange are they being added on?
Bit-Z
Bit-Z, a shit tier exchange that is only notable for being the least shit exchange for listing Asch (XAS).
deluded Arkieshttps://youtu.be/KLm6MWP7rC4
 MM Volume>Shit Tier
That line is poetic
Issues with BTC getting locked.Withdrawing high volumes of XAS was a pain and you had to do it several time as there was a 2000 XAS limit
but it's a CHINESE Platform, and for them it works.
Also it worked for me, without problems.
Everyone says Link is a shitcoin without giving any good reason for that assumption.
As far as I can see they are anything but a shitcoin.
10.00 is very plausible in the next 2-4 years.
lol ARK > ETHARK has 1/100 of ETH market cap.
>but but the team!
the roadmap!
ETH had 1/100th the market cap last year.Don't try to justify selling using shit logic.
Ark is going to surpass ETH's market cap in two years.
In my opinion.
People act like this will get them lambos, but let's say someone somehow scroungers together $3k for 1k Ark.Let's say it goes to $100 EOY 2018.That person still only has $30k.
That's not even two years of minimum wagecucking, much less Lamborghini + retirement + escorts-tier like everyone acts.Why does everyone on biz talk about retirement, Lambos, and such shit when you have to already be rich to have a chance?
Yes.
x 1000= 30,000
Buy more than 1k ark.
Get 10k ark and live off of staking.
Dont worry.
I was ignorant once too.
You scalp the shit out of the coin as it rises.
ARK is a vessel that transports people to the promised land.
You too can share in the wealth if you just repent.
4258138Ark going from what it is now to $100 is a ~30x rise.
If $1000 is invested, then it becomes $30k
it'd be $100,000 not 30k
Cause some of us had the brains to buy eth after the eea
the scenario was 3k invested.
$1k invested and ud be right
Because ETH is an amazing platform which launched a whole new kind of crypto
That's still a 900-1000% return.
That's an insanely good profit for only one year, you'd be lucky to see a 30% annual gain on a risky stock.I bought some ETH in 2016 for $3500 thay I earned from stocking shelves.
That ETH turned into over $60,000 at one point, and I currently have a portfolio of around $120k, with a heavy amount in Ark.
You have to start small and climb your way up.
Whats a good wallet for holding ark/other alts ?
i dont think any third party wallets hold ark yet
There's not really a need, the official Ark wallet is one of the best in crypto.
4258138Ok, you got me.Still, $300k isn't enough to retire on.
"Just conjure $30k capital, bro.
"I do wonder how much longer the accumulation phase will last, however you define that.
I can probably put in $1k per month starting in December.
But I feel like the chance to accumulate is passing fast.
:(
4258226also, we are 94 % with the mobile wallet, I bet it's already finished but they've withheld the information because of the fork drama.the next 1-2 weeks should bring us an extra 10-20%, with the chinese it could be $10-20 EOY
Thank you man.
What do you mean by scalp?
dont worry theres some whale faggot since 2 months or more pushing down the price you have plenty of time
Anon, you don't start from the bottom with $30k.
You focus on turning $1000 into $2000, $2000 into $4000, and so on.As nice as being able to retire from a $1000 investment sounds, it's not possible unless you have a crystal ball or a time machine.
Hell, even I'm not totally sure about Ark, but all we can do is take an educated guess and swing.
And all the signs are looking good.
yea no doubt
He means selling Ark at the top of small price rises, and rebuying during dips to accumulate more.
That's risky and hard to do.
Just buy and hold.
Ark will go to $100, but can realistically hit $300.
Just invest whatever and enjoy the rocket.
I appreciate this post.
Thank you.I know it's dumb, but all of the posts about Lambos, retirement, high-end escorts, champagne, etc.
get to me.
Most of that doesn't even appeal to me, but the feeling that so many other people made it, and I'm sitting here wagecucking.My job isn't even bad.
I just don't want to work, man.
I want to do what I want when I want etc.As for focusing on the small victories, and trying to snowball them, that's great, and i know it's the right call.
I just worry the market is growing so quickly that the chance to double your money is fading quickly.
I feel I got in too late.Sorry for all this dumb emo bullshit, bros.

4258345Yeah, I've tried that and got burned once, succeeded once.One thing, I do have other holdings.
Most notably $2k worth of LTC.
It was my first crypto other than BTC and I'm kind of attached to it.
Also lots of talk of triple digits by the end of the year, it's time for it to boom, etc.
I am so tempted to convert it to Ark but I don't wanna miss any LTC moon.Thoughts?
Nah thats the dream right?
Do what you want when you want.
Being a programmer I get exposed to exponential curves a lot.
2*2*2*2*2*2 works just fine.
Quit hunting for the random 100x and invest in more stable albeit slower profits.
How the hell do you get burned with this method?
If it continues to moon, whatever, but as long as you have trailing stop losses, you wont lose any money.
Just find a coin you know is a good medium term hodl (few months?)
and just continue to up your trailing stop losses.
I would have said yes before Vertcoin and GRS were 'discovered'.
Litecoin has the name for now, but that will change fast, it's crypto.For everyone reading this, invest at least .2 to 1 btc in Ark, it won't crash and the potential is MUCH higher.
This is not a coin, it's an Ecosystem like ETH.
Litecoin can hit triple digits, but don't expect anything more than x2-3.Ark is something you buy/hold for x100.
by the way, it's starting to moon again with huge volume
Oh shit the chinks have started trading
Korea's awake
Why would they trade shitcoins like ARK
if you trade on an alt coin exchange that doesnt have ark listed, consider sending them an email or request ticket, even if the exchange is shitty, the exposure is important.
few exampleshttps://liqui.io/https://www.livecoin.net/https://hitbtc.comhttps://bitbay.net/https://poloniex.com
People who are already invested in ark will buy more to get on the ship
damn...
 FUDing while it moons
Polo would bring us forward... lets do this
Man come on...
I'm waiting on another 1k usd deposit to go through tomorrow or Friday to buy more ark.
Stop going up.
Why the FUCK are you buying this shit?
Are people really unironically believe this shit will go anywhere?
LMAOWTF???
dont worry.
you have a week or so until they start making announcements.
it'll go up a bit and may come down but its not ready for lift off quite yet.
we get it, you sold at 40k hoping it'd dip and you'd get more.
u fucked up shh now
 Being this salty about selling too soon
My job isn't even bad.
I just don't want to work, man.
I want to do what I want when I want etc.You and me both my man.
I'm pretty sure that's the dream of most men.
I don't know if Ark will take us there, but we can dream and the future looks bright.
Liqui and polo should be our priority exchanges to get a listing on.I'll make a post about it on leddit later
I can see polo adding ARK really soon
Trips don't lie
...and when exactly will it be 35k again, nostradamus?
So angry.
I'm still a noob.
Using COINBASE already maxed my weekly limit and waiting on bank transfer to buy btc to buy ark....Slow the train down
But what you can with what you have.
Buy*Hitting 50k sats tonight
Triple zips confirm polo moon
True.
I only have 70 ark.
I diversified with some ETH, BTC, and verge.
I think I got memed into the last one though.
ETH has a lot of internal fuck ups regarding their smartcontracts.
Ark will become a better version of ETH.
I hope so.
I'd be happy with ARK holding stable at 300$ I'm not retarded enough to think 100x gains over night but to see that 2 years down would be nice.
Where can i buy ark or link just by exchanging crypto?
dont want to make an account on an exchange, just want to use bitcoin to buy it.
Or ripple.
Shapeshift doesnt carry LINK or ARK though.
You need to use bittrex or binance
trying to get ID confirmed on bittrex right now
I'm not retarded enough to think 100x gains over night but to see that 2 years down would be nice.Pretty much what we're all hoping for.
When Ark hits the major goals on their roadmap throughout 2018, we're going to be well on the way.
Remember that ETH took 2 years to move past $3-5, and another year to break $10 before skyrocketing to $400.
>about to invest in bitcoin>see thisdodged a bullet
I never needed ID to get on bittrex
So ark is implementing push button block chains sometime in 2018.Odds are it will stay below the $10 threshold until then, but you could likely expect $80 almost overnight once side chains are implemented, and potentially a new equilibrium above $100 per coin once some of the fledgling projects using the chain go live.
This was the pattern with eth, and I think people would jump at the opportunity to incest oon projects that are coded in actual coding languages like ruby and C++ and other full stack languages that are possible with ark, but not eth.
Until then, I'll be happy to stake and accumulate using my eth profits from other projects I've invested in, but with the expectation that by 2020 ill either be able to retire on my investment, or I'll cash out the $50k I put in toward ark and put it toward the top 10 instead, content to just ride the growth of the overall market, rather than being beholden to one crazy bet.
If I have $5M by 35, I'll consider myself successful.
Get in NULS bro, higher potential than this
fuck off pnd fucking pajeets.
Dumb question about supply and staking: will staking reward ~10% forever?
Give or take a few %.
Or will it go down each year and diminish to like 1-2%?And how does this fit in with the total supply of the coin?And how are Ark(s?)
even spent/consumed?
i think staking should continue to hang around 10% a year but will gradually diminish once more newbies buy and stake ark as they dilute the payouts for the rest of us.
if 100% of all ark was being staked right now, the annual return for us would be like 6% or whatever the current inflation rate is.
i think i got that right.Total supply of the coin is infinite, 2 coins are created every 8 seconds.
This inflation is offset by the staking obviously.I don't think arks are 'consumed'.
any fees etc.
are distributed to the community through the staking rewards given out by the delegates.
This answer you were looking for?
ARK is offline on Bittrex, says routine maintenance, but why now?
They're probably accommodating for higher trade volume
It's over arkies.
What does Ark do?
just bought a little over 5000 ARK.
have a little money to play around with and ARK looks promising to me
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH it's crashing.
weak
The "Ark Ecosystem" is a collection of Ark forks and Smartbridged blockchains.If you look on the roadmap, one of the items is "Push button deployable blockchains."
This means anyone can literally change a few settings like the number of delegates, blocktime, number of coins, etc.
and press a button to spin off their own fork of Ark.
This Ark fork will be its own independent blockchain that will automatically be able to communicate with Ark (via the Smartbridge) and any other Ark-forked chain.
The Ark blockchain and token will be the intermediary between these chains.Imagine two banks setting up and deploying their own private blockchains with the push of a button.
Their blockchains are keeping track of their customers' balances.
A customer at Bank A wants to transfer some money to a customer at Bank B.
When they do that, it fires off a transaction at Bank A's backend blockchain that debits that user and sends a transaction over Ark to Bank B's blockchain telling them about their customer's new funds.You can also think of it like Ethereum's ERC20 tokens except Ark's push-button deployed coins will have their own independent blockchain whereas all of Ethereum's tokens must rely on the Ethereum blockchain which bogs it down as we've seen happen during popular ICOs like Bancor.
Yes, people will be able to create their own ICOs using Ark and all of them will be automatically Smartbridge-enabled.
Remember to stake that anon
greed.i tried to warn them father
I found some old memes.
This one's a doozy.
Push button deployable DPOS blockchains is a really cool idea.
Can you imagine how valuable Ark will be when it becomes a system of interconnected blockchains for different uses?
bout tree fiddy?
$100 easily