Anybody care to try and refute this logic?1 ChainLink is 0.1935 dollars at $67,739,700 market cap with 350,000,000 circulating supplyLet's bump up the market cap 16 TIMES67,739,700 * 16 = 1,052,856,000So if the market cap went up 16 times, you would gain alot right?Now the ChainLink team releases the rest of the tokens into partners and into the wild, which is 650,000,000 extra tokens, total 1 BILLION TOKENS.
What is 1,052,856,000 divided by 1,000,000,000?
1.05!!!!!!!!
!That means 1 ChainLink would be worth 1.05 DOLLARSThat is not even 10x of your investment

Refute what?
That market caps work like that?Those tokens won't be on the market for years and by then the market cap would be much higher anyway.
What you are saying is what if Ripple just released all of its coins or what if Neo did or OMG.It's nonsensical.
Are you that Pajeet from the other day that say high coin supply prevents growth and wanted them to burn tokens?
yes bern 900000000
Those reserved tokens are going to be hoarded by node operators and won't ever end up on any exchanges
why even show em on cmc tho
because everyone thats not a brainlet knows what circulatingtotal and max supply means
when do they plan to release those tokens.
What you are saying is what if Ripple just released all of its coins>It's nonsensicalIts actually perfectly logical to avoid any 'coin' with the majority of the market cap help by one group.
That applies to literally everything in the top 5 except for BTC.
It still is a good investment.
You're not going to make a million off of 5 dollars here.
It's nonsensical.
Are you that Pajeet from the other day that say high coin supply prevents growth and wanted them to burn tokens?I guarantee it, lol
ok, lets go by your logic, lets assume all the 1 bill tokens in the market ,do you know what that means retard, its using every damm compny in crypto and out side world using the link, again you what that means market cap would be much higher than 30 bill.
yup.
the reserve tokens are for giving out to HIGH QUALITY CLIENTS, i.e.
the ones who will add immense value to the network just by being in it.
we're talking swift, big banks, etc.
if those tokens are released, it is a very, very good thing for us.
using linkyou realize its just a token right?
The token doesn't do anything but act as a reference value for the company that will be doing all of the things that 'link' does, even though the token is basically a stock certificate.
this is perhaps the dumbest thread ive ever seen on /biz/
So they get free tokens, how the fuck does that benefit you?
They aren't buying your tokens
In fact, they can just turn around and sell the tokens.
They don't need them to use the service.
If anything, more tokens being released can only depress the price.
like I said, it adds value to the network.
this is too complicated for your brainlet self to understand tho.
go buy whatever shit coin you think is valuable and good luck.
read the whitepaper.
they won't be selling the tokens; they will be using them.
more supply means more value ???
using a token with no functionalityOk.
No I'm that anon.
Glad I'm memorable
if SWIFT actually starts using the decentralized oracle network in its every day operations, do you think that will help the price?
it will help the price more than the increased tokens in circulation will decrease the price.
if this is too complicated for you, kys.white paper.
read it.
or kys
foggot, the node operators has to hold link to get high preference and incentives.
No you absolute mong, the marketcap would triple in value and the price of the token($0.19 x 16 = $3) would stay the same, you don't even know how marketcaps work.I would need to go a lot more in-depth with this post because the node operator incentives would be released slowly over the course of many years and the team wouldn't sell their share just so that somebody could dump it on the market and lose money(?
).Anyway, the short answer is: you're retarded and you should feel bad.Also, 23 posts in and nobody has mentioned this?
This board is full of retards.
If we get to the stage where all the 300,000,000 coins reserved for partners have been given away you can be pretty sure the market cap of LINK will be significantly more than 1bn
Anon you're a brainlet.Sorry
hurr durr
Those tokens are to be staked for the reputation of a node.
If link really takes off, people will want as much link per node to establish priority bt competitors.Have a basic understandin of what you're complaining about before you get in u handicap
*autistic screeching*
Save me some time, and save face.
What exactly do the tokens DO?
Found the nigger who hasn't read the whitepaper, possibly because he can't read.
Doesn't understand how the token will be used as a payment for incentive for running an oracle node
Doesn't understand how the token will be used as a payment for incentive for running an oracle nodeso its still just a stock cert, but *BIG NEWS* you can transfer them.
GTFO.
If you buy Ethereum and don't buy Chainlink you are gonna get fucked, because those two complement each other, when it comes to smart contracts.In fact, it's very hard for Ethereum to reach it's ultimate potential if Chainlink doesn't moon.
WOW the owner of the company usually holds majority of the shares
you forgot to say - ChainLink useless