I have reached my goal of saving $40k.
I was originally using it to get a deposit for an apartment with my gf but that fell through - severely.
Plus that's like a 2% deposit in Sydney.I essentially have $40k all up, $35k in a 3.5% interest savings (lol), and $5k in shares.Thinking of opening a vanguard.
Would like to do more but I'm worried I've missed the crypto hype train and now anything I "invest" in it at this stage is just a meme gamble.Cheers
All into LINK screencap and checkem
I'm a part time kitchen hand, so my financial advice is moot, but My condolences on your breakup, Do you need to talk about it?
Don't listen to this LINK shill.
This is a terrible idea.
Fugn now
crypto is gambling.
people already in it make more money when other people buy in so they're shilling purely for their own benefit.put the money in an ETF.
do your own research but buying the market is the consensus for everyday investors.
I dont even have any link.
But if i had more than 10 dollars to my name thats where it would be
4345431Wtf is link?
Our crazys were just incompatible at the end of the day.
I'll live (eventually).
But thanks babe.
:)These are my thoughts exactly
moon soon
put the down payment on a granny flat
dont buy a fucking house in sydney.
best financial advice i can give is move the fuck out to a cheaper town if you arent dependent on work here because chinktown is a fucking joke.and get Into crypto holy fuck you are retarded.
asx is a fucking government sanctioned ponzi scheme and they will rape you for your earning.
crypto is dangerous but its fucking ancapistan where everyone has a chance still
I wish my savings account gets me 3.5%.
Here they give you 0.05%.
Fuck that, putting it in btc, link and OMG.
Oh trust me I know Sydney is retarded.
A parking space went for fucking $400,000 the other day.Pls I'm not retarded just nervous.
Move interstate.40k would make a sizable deposit in Adelaide.
Get one bitcoin at least...ya know you want toFellow Sydfag here with a massive fucken mortage