BUY NOW.
final warning guys!
its going to moon within a couple of hours
My bags are full of BCash.
Let's go.
I'm starting to lose faith, anon.
bitcoin cash is no doubt bitcoin, but idk if the market will realize or care about this.
Despite the fact that we are handing over the keys of decentralized monetary exchange to private interests who push completely unnecessary shit like (((Segwit))) and convince everyone that (((Segwit)))coin is bitcoin.
It won't
ALL HAIL THE BLOCKSTREAM OVERLORDS
Sure isn't...
You stupid fucking niggers have been saying this for days.If it moons enjoy another pump and dump, you can try and catch some non-existent waves though
i could see it going to .3 & staying there for a while
Paid shill, allow me to educate you.
Posting twitter-tier gifs will NEVER be fucking cool.
Fuck off and kys.
another triggered BTC SJW lmao, your bbtc is fine dur
He posted that gif when the buywall went down the other day and it dropped to 0.175.
I panicked sold :( .
I HOPE ALL OF THE PAJEETS BUY THIS AND GET THEIR MONEY STUCK IN HERE SO THEY CAN KEEP SLEEPING ON THEIR DIRT FLOORS.
KEEP MAKING THINGS EASY FOR THE REST OF US WITH A BRAIN.
Bitcoin is going to settle hard.
WE ARE MOONING
Yeah that 0.002 gain in the last 10'minutes really will make a difference.
Someone has HUGE BCH bags...
ok newfag here.
how do I get into crypto shit?
which platform is good and safe for transaction to buy them?
give me a quick rundown
This time it’s real
I literally made $4000 off BCH.
You're going to lose lmao.
These are the same people who tell you to buy into shitcoins.
Stop listening to them.
DYOR, learn the fundamentals of Bitcoin and how the ecosystem sustains itself.
Do not buy shitcoins.
The fees on BTC will be climbing again in time.
$4000 is huge money man, BCH is definitely going to win now!Shut the fuck up your poor cuck.
bitcoin has a huge avantage over bch, the brand bitcoin, no matter what to market's view bch will always be btc's hardfork
>Under .2 satsFucking lmao, it is time to kys yourselves bag holders, this shit is going straight to  sats
Is that huge advantage no scaling solution ever and LN in 2 years?
Actually if it does flip core then BCH would be known as Bitcoin, normies won't give a fuck lol.
Find small exploit on bitcoin PoW.
Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.
Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.
Upgrade to bitcoin would nullify my exploit (Segwit) https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9fSpam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempool http://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.png (embed) https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-whyTell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade Fork the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners.
Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coin https://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easily https://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208Rent russian social farm for a few days Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be biggerIf you buy BCH, you are being manipulated...
buy ETH on gdax.move the ETH to bittrex, poloniex, or binance.Sell the ETH for shitcoins, or just hold the ETH.
but the last time you said a couple of hours was days ago...
I think you might be lying
yeah no
This is how desperate they've become.
They can't attack the tech behind the coin because they lose the debate.
So they now resort to attacking its supporters and figureheads.
He's a pedophile.
he's a felon, he's a scammer etc.
Fork EXISTING code because you don't like segwit and increase blocksize to 8mb?
You call this tech?
Fork because your shit mining machine know an exploit and segwit kill it?
Oh, you "patent" things, you are a socialist.Intellectual Property is not a property at all.
lul, it was enough to give BCC more volume than BTC for a day.Bitcoiners aren't the smartest bulbs in the box... but they're driving the market.How are $20 transaction fees working out?
suck my dick faggot!
not buying your shitty bags.
Will segwit eventually make the insects go away?
Just got .15 BCH just in case.
It's like starting all over again.
Can't understand you pajeet.
Blockstream hijaked bitcoin and is gimping onchain scaling solutions to profit from offchain transactions, how many times must we have this argument?
The second segwit got added to bitcoin was the second bitcoin differed from the whitepaper and a true p2p transaction system.I call it the scaling solution for satoshis bitcoin.
It just goes to show how little has been done to scale bitcoin up to this point.
That this fork and block upgrade is important.
yeah someone already posted that, about 100 times.
Yeah we get it you're from reddit.
posted 2 hours and 30 minutes ago and nothings fucking happening...
go ahead and make your own offchain solution if you give that much of a fuckno need to get le blockstream involvedyou people are seriously obsessed with that company
make your own offchain solution on your own forked version of bitcoin Bitcoins contributions are centralized under core which operated under blockstream.
How many times must this be said.
Every single fucking time this debate happens you guys scurry off quickly to the next thread where the same ignorance and stupidity repeats itself.https://twitter.com/adam3us/status/923309367260274688
there will be an independent uprising against banks and they'll change global currency standards, grassrootsYou didn't really believe in this did you?
Of course (((they))) have to get in.
It's their show.
Sold the BTH in the end with 600$ loss.
It's not worth keeping that shit coin anymore... Jihan failed me to manipulate the markets again so I'm out
you dont need to have access to bitcoin repo to make offchain solutions...
Yeah im an average Joe and i want the original.
Fuck that fake coin, no one's buying into this rip off
Great now get that solution added to bitcoin, oh wait.
GET IN NOW.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
weeeeeeeee
Did it shoot upto the moon?
Shhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeit