There is no evidence that tether is fraudulent.
They are obviously releasing more USDT to increase the Btc volume and thus increase bitfinex exchange profits, but its not unbelievable that bitfinex, tether and their banking partners don't have more than enough $m to cover potential withdrawalsIn fact they probably have better reserve ratio than most banks.
Tether is the crypto-jew and must be stopped.They can not keep getting away with it.That is all.
what will happen if everyone on bitfinex converts from btc to fiat after the fork?
will bitfinex collapse?
just heard about this tether situation and still not fully aware about it.
would like some more insight of what's going on.thanks anon
>don't have more than enough $m to cover potential withdrawalsLol this is irrelevant, you cannot withdraw anyways.
(At least they’re not obliged to exchange any Tethers back into real USD.)
everyone on bitfinex converts from btc to fiatYou know that's not going to happen... right?That's like saying what if a black hole in my house tomorrow.
Try converting your tether to USD without selling it off to another idiot on Kraken.There is nothing backing Tether.
everyone in USA converts from fiat to goldYou know that's not going to happen... right?>That's like saying what if a black hole in my house tomorrow.
no shit op.
to think an exchange who makes $700M a year hasnt the reserves must be brain dead.
Its almost certainly them printing tether that they have no USD backing for.
I hope they never get caught though because it will be Mt.
gox all over again.
Boldy declares "There is no evidence Tether is Fraudulent"Despite>cant redeem tethers>cant withdraw from Bitfinex>EOS/Bitfinance/Bitfinance CEO/Tether shady relationships>erie corellations between price pumps and tethers"probably have better reserve ratio than most banks"Zero eh?
Why are u shilling so hard for tether on so little evidence?
Why are u shilling so hard for tether on so little evidence?because they invested their life savings of 4k into bitcoin and cant stand to lose it all.
they probably have better reserve ratio than most banks>probablyhow can you even say something like this with a straight face?
I swear to god, tether holders are the biggest morons in crypto history.
enjoy losing all your money when their scam is revealed.
The fucking owners of bitfinex are longing and shorting with usdt themselves.
This shit is unbelievable and literally why we cant have nice things.
This Tether shit is insane for the market.
theyll shut down withrawals simple as that, no money getting out kek.
Herro?
This is bitfinex.
Print more tethers.
There is no evidence that God doesn't existKek