Can someone post that biz approved books jpg?
Seige by James Masonhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FFMoEBPzco
lol wtf is this
I've got you OP.
Back when /biz/ was about /biz/ and sucking dick.
Good times.
Every book by Napoleon Hill.
His ideas are very simple to understand but hard to master.
unironically marx
Thanks anon!
Why the Idiot?
Its the only work by Dostoevsky I read that I didn't like.
I've got an audible credit to use.
If you had to pick your favourite?
Honestly don't know, didn't make the image.
Probably the psychological aspect if anything.How to win friends and influence people if you haven't read it.
Is a classic.
Millionaire fastlane otherwise if you had to pick one.
All of those obsolete boomer manuals.We are sitting on the cusp of the technological revolution that will shape the 21st century.
We have finally cracked the problem of transfer of value.
It has been 3000 years since the Greeks and Chinese started minting coins, but here we are.
We have finally made a way to instantly transmit value to one another across the planet and states, without the need for an intermediary central authority, and with the security of trust between the two parties.I know that we all love to shill, FUD and play with our shitcoins, but fuck boys, they will look at us in 500 years, point, and say that we were the breakout generation.Boomers hate us because they will be despised for eternity.
We will rise from the ashes that they have left us in.
The 8 stages of civilisation can be set out as:1.
From bondage to spiritual faith; 2.
From spiritual faith to great courage;3.
From courage to liberty; 4.
From liberty to abundance; 5.
From abundance to complacency; 6.
From complacency to apathy; 7.
From apathy to dependence; 8.
From dependence back into bondageWe are already at stage 8.
Debt serfs that serve no purpose apart from being wageslaves to prop up the debt cycle.
We are the primal movers which will rest us back to stage 1.
We will make it boys.
We all will.
Yeah I've read how to win friends.
Millionaire fastlane it is.
Thanks anon.
/thread
unironically this book
PRINCIPLES by RAY DALIO>Ask the right questions, "What don't I know about this, and what should I do about it?
">unlike a maths test in school, in real-life you can, in fact should "cheat" when something is beyond your abilities in the sense that if you can't do something or you don't have the answers, you can find them from someone more competent or outsource the things which are your weaknesses>Ask the smartest people you know their opinions on something, and understand how they came to form those conclusions - reverse engineer their thinking rather than taking their conclusions wholesale>Don't tolerate "below the line" outcomes.
Don't tolerate anything less than "good".>You can have anything you want, but not everything that you want>When you feel "emotional pain" don't shy away from it, don't repress it.
You must interrogate it - it's usually an opportunity to improve your life "problems are opportunities for improvement screaming at you."
"When you find a problem, you should be glad">ALWAYS IDENTIFY WHO'S RESPONSIBLE: More often than not in a organization sub-optimal performance isn't because there's a problem with the process or the overall system, it's because either A) people haven't received proper training in the job they've been assigned, B) there is a lack of clarity in who is suppose to do what, or C) the wrong people have been assigned.
So when solving problems it's very important to understand not just what thing that should have happened didn't, but WHO didn't do what they should.>Identifying a directly responsible individual shouldn't be ad homenien, it's a action they took you are criticizing, not the person ad hominem
Anyone got any good books on Selling or Psychological Manipulation.
NOT marketing.
I mean face-to-face stuff