which ones?powr?
ark?
link?don't shill your shit or scammy shit or pnd products.also if it's over 5 bucks, I already think is too damn high.
good, real coins for future gains.
(future as in 1-2 years, not fucking 20)
CFD
LINK and REQ.
Even though the are shilled af, they have a srs long term potential.
i actually googled wtf was cfd....
BAT
everex
 yeah, req is on my list.
navcoin too.
LINK>real productalso if it's over 5 bucks, I already think is too damn high.Over 5 bucks per coin?
Stellar Lumens are still less, and they have a good product!
:^
Can someone give me a quick rundown on BAT and CVCWhat do I need to invest in to make x1000 profits???
Blocknet
link doesn't have a real product, i agree.
but it has a clear practicability if it ends up working.stellar lumens don't know what it is.
Bqx and nulls
Everex.
$10 by jan
GET OFF MY BOARD WITH YOUR USELESS FAGGOTRY OR LURK MORE~Legacy /biz/
They you should look into the following tokens:- PPT - passive income based on factoring - cannot recommend this one enough, this one is a huge grower.
- VERI - Although not very talked about in here, but the CEO actually runs this token like a business.
Passive income can be achieved from renting your tokens or investing it into a smart contract hedge fund.
In the same category you can also add SIFT or SPECTRE, for which i must still do my due diligence before i invest.-PPP - paypie - Will be also huge, will achieve passive income by doing credit risk assesments.
Might still throw some eth into it while its under a dollar.
Vechain, very low market cap if you look at the partnerships they have.
Also: 2017Q4:BLACP, PBCP, DCCP, CHAOS go-live, 3rd generation smart chip, Asymmetric blockchain checksum, VeChain BaaS clound platform launches, more business implementation cases;2018Q2:VeChain v3.0 go-live, Rust-restructure, VeChain Token (VEN) related service including VeChain Token (VEN) wallet, gas exchange, audit service, etc.
VeChain Token (VEN) launches, completing VeChain Token (VEN) and ERC20 token 1 to 1 exchange.2018Q4:VeChain v4.0 go-live, achieve commercial ecological environment system integration platform.
Integration with IoT, and more specific industrial blockchain cloud.
TEACH ME HOW TO TELL WHICH COIN is going to moon~Pajeet
If you see it pumping, it means it's valuable that's when you buy it.If it's not worth much anymore, that's when you sell it.
CFD
Link.
Do some research and you'll see why.
Also sitting at an old time low so perfect time to get in
GVT
this honestly.Bitcoin can crash and burn and REQ will still be useful for fiat to fiat requests and continuous payment for companies
Horizon State (HST).>Undervaled?Check.
Market cap below $5m which is crazily low.>Real product?Check.
Their voting platform has already been used.
They will announce their clients and partnerships in late December.
Could be the Australian govt or the UN (they presented HST to the UN in New York).>Good coin?Check.
Professional team based in Melbourne.
This is the second ICO from Australia, after POWR.
But HST is still under the radar because they are not yet listed on big exchanges like binance/bittrex etc.
RLC and MODXMR has a lot of potential too
Only XMR
 posts till someone mentioned MODWew this coin us going to moon so hard with the complete lack of shilling since it already has its own blockchain, working hardware MVP and big partnerships.
HST and MOD
Wtc obviously
bitshares
Blockchain and wallet priced in for some part though.
INTERNXT>Market cap only around 1.5MM>Max supply only 629610 INXT>builds the whole new Internet infrastructure around blockchain>uses INXT coin to pay for these different kind of Internxt services>Young devs with already impressive backgrounds (https://internxt.io/team)>Ambitious goals and the very first goal is CLOUD X (https://internxt.io/cloud)>Founder and Adviser nominated for Forbes 30 under 30 in 2018>Team is very active on twitter (https://twitter.com/internxt_io)>Decent whitepaper (https://internxt.io/whitepaper.pdf)>Alpha will be released with all its core infrastructure code in January>Bigger exhanges coming soon
This.
It might take a minute to get there... but it will be glorious when it does.
also if it's over 5 bucks, I already think is too damn high.
Are you retarded or something?
Price of a token doesn't mean a fucking thing.
If I issue a total of 100 tokens at $1m ea, my market cap is $100m, the same as if I issue 100m tokens at $1.
The market cap is what matters here, tokens are divisible so it really doesn't matter what the cost of 1 token is, only how many are in circulation and the market cap.Anyway I'd say Zen Protocol for long term gains, it's a real coin with interesting tech, a working alphanet, and a real use case.
A man needs a name (or two names)
Internxt provides next-generation, superior internet services that bring the required privacy and security where it should stand, without lacking a great UX (unlike other distributed companies).KEK.
Shitcoin alert!
Zen ProtocolAccording to their presale the team hodls half the tokens.
So be ready to get dumped on.
Vericoin.
It is also 'Proof of stake' so you gain interest... it went big in 2014, The mintpal hack and blockchain rollback caused a price fall, but it still has the potential to reach those same heights again.
Very interesting stuff.
Now I want to hear more from you, can you give more tips ?
ARKFollowing the roadmap; its moon will be glorious.
that sounds....good.
where to buy?
ClearPoll can make you rich if u buy before 1 dec (news coming out and alpha in january)nearly unfakable Polls on the blockchainone of the devs got good connection with sports peoplesponsored livepolls for tv etc.youre welcome
?
Hst
There are big items on the roadmap that will be finished in 2018.
How fast adoption spreads is hard to say.
But, money motivates.
If I was a youtuber I'd be all over this, because YouTube payouts suck, I've tried doing it before, put a shit ton of effort into creating a high quality channel got lots of views and nothing from youtube.
If I had a way for viewers to tip me directly I would have signed up in a heart beat!
I don't have time to do that any more unfortunately though.
Obsidian.
Seconded.
Filled my link bags, now I’m going to load my req bags.
See you on the moon Q2 2018.
Captcha confirms Link and Swift/Santander deeper partnership discussions.
ETP faggot you're missing the pump
HE'S ACTUALLY EATING THE WHOLE TABLE IN THAT PICTURE /BIZ.
DO YOUR KEGELS AND YOU CAN EAT TABLES TOO.
Xmr x100 in one year
NAV
tierionThey have a real product and some partnerships like accredible.It's been bleeding for half a year now and could possibly go even lower.
There are many bagholders only waiting for a pump to get out, but in the long run it might be a worthwhile investment.
I'm a TNT bagholder myself, it fucked me up pretty hard, so I have no other option but to be a good boi and hodl till mid 2018.
Could possibly reach their competitor's Factom market cap, which would be x10.x lots of decentralized exchanges built on top of it are coming out soon, like ethfinex.
Could moon up to x5>OMG could go way higher than this by 2019, it's a solid long-term hold.>WAXif you ever played csgo or dota and know about OPskins, then you understand the value behind this coin.
Platform is coming out somewhere 2018-2019, so it's not for short term flip, could possibly even dump after hitting the exchangesAll of that considering that bitcoin will stop raping the alts for another year.And there's also a good ico coming out soon, possible x100.
But I'm not gonna tell you which one it is.
FunFair
AMB
Royal Kingdom Coin
BitBay, unironically.
Probably the only decentralized marketplace that's going to amount to anything.
one of the very few informative threads on biz.
thanks.
lots of great info around.