Yo 4chan I got a new coin for you: LeverjLeverj is a decentralized leveraged exchange.
It keeps order matching on chain while decentralizing custodial risk, to provide high performance.Its supported by Consensys, got a solid team, and done their due diligence to comply with the coming regulations (that are gonna wipe out a lot of tokens).Best part is you can stake LEV tokens to get FEE coins that can be traded or used to pay trade fees.The crowdsale is ongoing.
They got great a whitepaper and a technical paper.
DYOR and don't miss out.
I see many shit coins here everyday...this is actually has potential.
Strong coin and nice for flipping.
Well true but its also great to hodl because of the staking gains
Team is literally full of pajeetsNext.
Gonna be a great flip!
I just put 10 Eth in!
What's the link to register??
https://register.leverj.ioGet in get rich
presale got a 50% discountscam ico
ThisAvoid guys, another false alarm ICO opportunity
False alarm?
Can you say anything negative about the product?Base platform is releasing Q1 2018
 decentralized exchangeLol yeah we don't have enough of those yet.
Not good ones.
This dude is well versed into this and has been already involved in Creating CoinPit.
how original /biz
Dont be a dumb cunt and read the whitepaper first.
Its got a unique structure to make it faster than other DEX's and can handle higher volumes.
Plus the FEE token application is worth it.
A LOT of tokens were sold presale for 50% discount.
How you guys think this is good for flipping is beyond me.
Hard pass for the following reasons:* Pre-sale only required a contract to be electronically signed with no KYC/AML checks.
* Pre-sale got a bonus of 50% (a pool was supposedly getting a 100% bonus, but Leverj cancelled it after it was revealed by an insider)* The company is incorporated in Victoria, Seychelles (that's a country in East Africa for those of you that don't know)* They have no central office or location; the team is remote and looks like they don't have plans to change that.
* Their roadmap shows that they worked on coinpit.io previously from 2013 to 2017.
If you looked at the trading on there when it was active, the volume was terrible and the UI is unimpressive as well considering they worked for 4 years on this.
* The founder and CEO Bharath Rao before the crowdsale asked in their Telegram channel if anyone knew a lawyer was knowledgable about how the China ICO ban could affect them.
Not something you want to hear a CEO ask...I could go on further, but I think the facts speak for themselves.
Don't get scammed by these presale and PnD groups trying to dump their bonus tokens on you.
Their legal advisor said KYC was unecessary for this sepcific project.
As for the bonus...typical of many ICOs.
I really am not shilling a coin for flipping... its a solid project with a ready product.
I guess /biz/ just cant handle proper recommendations but loves shitcoins like NULS
Nice to see /biz/ giving legit tips again, instead for shilling own pre-sale bags.
You, pre-sale retards, gonna be JUSTed hardly after the tokens are released.
I might consider buying below pre-sale price though
BTW, admins in the telegram group are going full retard by posting some shitty normie memes adapted for leverj
These bags gonna be heavier than AirToken
Project has chops, I’m in.....haters are prob still stuck with $.40 link bags and jaded for life.
I'm 10k usd in.
The contract staking will make me so much money.
It is a literal pajeet coin and the 50% pre sale bonus means you are going get dumped on like airswapAlright if you got into the presale that is.
The CEO lied when he was asked about the 100% bonus for a whale pool group.When his lie was exposed, people started asking for a refund but he did not allow it.
Thats complete bs...there was no 100% bonus
Hello sir, yes buy this, yes very good.
We had 100% presale bonus but we also 100% work hard, no worry, good buy.