10k guys?
Yes.
Bitcoin is fucking insane.
7.7k and counting.BCH fags on suicide watch.
Calling it now, the ceiling will be 8k and a massive sell off will happen till it settles around 7500-7700 for a couple days to refuel.
I say we're going all the way to 9k, im all in boys
please crash... i went all in on bch at 0.18...... please
If it hits 10k I am going to nut
slavecoin
It actually has to reach 14k before it beats bcash at it's current price for anyone who bought in at the start
Duh to 10k.
The easiest bet in crypto.
The muh TA/"BTC will crash!"
crowd are hilarious.
We have entered the first stage of normie FOMO that will take a disruptive event to alter (which of course will happen eventually, so don't get too attached).
Until the perception changes, muh technical analysis is worthless.
4397163COPE
Already 10k+ in Zimbabwe.
It literally does though, bcash has to be below 0.07btc for it to have performed worse than bitcoin, it's currently at 0.13
I just doubled my money switching all btc to eth on last high, then switching back to btc right before this pump.
I fell aslep and couldn't trade my ETH back to BTC in time :(
its not too late.
You think it broke previous daily close ATH and will go lower?
You really missed something.
It happened so quicly i was able to sell my eth WAY over what the change rate shouldve been
here comes the death spiral.
you have been warned.
I think it will go down but at the same time I feel like this could keep going up
fear AND greed
All I can see is, as usual, alts getting raped.This is why BTC goes up.Third world.
There will be resistance at 7700$
it's below 7700 as I write this m8, you mean a roof?
Yes a roof.
Whatever you wanna call it.
The upwards trend will slow down near 7700$k because a lot of people will dump there.
why did you do that?I'm seriously trying to understand why people thought it was a good idea to buy a coin mid-pump
mfw in two weeksI'm actually in corecoin with you cucks right now, might as well accumulate all this value to dump along with Jihadi Jihan and crew right before the difficulty adjusts
you forgot to type /s
Oh for fuck's sake so it's over?BTC will rally to 100k$ and then crash and die?Fuck, I wanted more time, just one more year....
omfg sell this shit asap.
Or do you want to lose it all?
alright this pump is done yeah?
can i sell now?