Okay so ive been into crypto for 5 years now and in 2014 I mined a bunch of shitcoins with my friend with a couple servers we had.
Well we got in a huge fight and I didnt bother to ask for my shitcoins back and now they are worth roughly 50k.
What am i spose to do.. ask for my coins back or just let him have the them?
He is even more of a poorfag than I.DESU I never expected HTMLCOIN and shit like that to go this far tho.
On a side note im still an active trader with 4k in crypto.
you can always try
offer him half for his help in recovering themwin-win
4441265Thanks anons.
Cost/benefit Call him and ask for coins>cost: about 10 minutes>benefit: maybe $50k and a rekindled friendshipDon't call and go on with life>cost: nothing, possible opportunity cost of not having $50k>benefit: nothingYou might as well ask
Well we got in a huge fightHe's probably sold half of them
Yea your right what do i have to lose hes already pissed at me and im already financially cucked lol.
What if he asks you to suck his cock first?
Seriously?
Would you do it for 50k?
Na its my coins anyways.
If anything im being nice for letting him have most of the shit.
Im gunna lose my shit if these shitcoins go up much more tho THB if i havent already lol.
Lol, yes or no?
You should sue him.
LOL yea id suck a cock to have enough money to take 5000 hot chicks on a date and pay for it all.
Fair trade off.
Are you sure man ive been thinking about this.
this shit is drive me insane.
We had at least 30k worth of shitcoins maybe 60 or 100k.
I mean I am the one who wanted to mine it and im also the one who bought the graphics cards for the servers...
So It really is my shit he just has the HDD and shit cuz i left it all over at his place when we got in the fight.
shameless bump for support?
ask 20k and let em have 30k but if he is poor 100% he has already cashed out
Did you not sign any kind of written agreement with him?
Fucks sake anon.
Go ask for them back and if he acts like a dick threaten legal action, that ought to scare him shitless.
Give him friendly reunion.
Put those kneepads to use.
nope.
:/
thiskneepads always bring ppl back together