Should I just sell all my LINK and buy a Mac?
Sell my Mac and buy link*
why do you have vegtables on your fucking graph, dude?
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
Stay poor.
it's not a graph I'm making a video
Do it, most expensive mac ever in a couple of years ;) we need people like you to sell before we can truly moon.
it's not going to go up even if i sell.
bagholding a mac is more profitable because at least it has decent resell value
No.
Sell LINK.
Hold ETH for a few weeks, while LINK continues to drop and ETH rises.
Sell ETH.
Buy back into LINK, buy Mac with remaining funds.
Build a pc for less, keep some link for possible moon mission?
Win-Win
I don't want a big bulky computer that looks like an autistic spaceship, and I don't want to have to fuck around to get it working like poor people do.
autistic spaceshipkekThere's some nice aesthetic PCs out there without the rgb-neon faggotry Anon.
But I guess each to their own.