WHY IS CHAINLINK STILL SO CHEAP!
YOU HAVE ALL MY MONEY ALREADY!!!
cause it's not out yetalthough that never stopped something like OMG from reaching where it is but the crypto market is fucking dumb
instead of smashing your keyboard you should be smashing your kegals.
When will it be out?
I read they are rewriting or porting the program with a different language or something right?Thanks for the reminder!
the project covers too much which means too hard to fully comprehend.
Noone is going to buy until it does something and people can see that it works and speculate on other uses.
Can you speculate when it will be able to be understood?
Not sure how much LINK I need to make it.
Trying to accumulate more everyday but I don't want this to be my whole portfolio since nothing is happening.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
not bad pasta 3.72/10
Don't catch/hold falling knives boys.
Jump ship if you see gains that can make up your losses
Tell me a flaw in link instead of copy pasta pussy
It's price keeps dropping.
Never mind.
I thought you had real info.