>he missed confido>hes about to miss Emphymarket cap is currently around 1 million, this is an easy 20xThey contacted kucoin and binance for listing yesterday and got listed on coinmarketcap 2 days ago
Great find, bought some on EtherDelta
The market cap is more like $1.7 million.Still a very good buy at current prices, at least a 3x I'd say.
But don't oversell it, the circ.
supply is around 7 million and going price is ~24 cents.
Source for binance ?
Look it up in their telegram announcements or Twitter News came straight from the devs
Team said exchanges are coming soon.If it's Binance, then this shit will explode.
Loaded up sir
Yep.
If it's binance I'm ready for a quick 20xKucoin will still be 10x though
4365009Pajeets
1 million market cap, easy 20xsomeone hasn't heard of UFR yet
This has a lot more going for it
I want in
Pump incominghttps://etherdelta.com/#EPY-ETH
the pump already cameholy shit
I know things
MOONINGi'm balls deep before it gets on kucoin/binance
that looks great!!
just bought some before it will moon!!
im gonna be riiiiiiich baby
pump is not done, because its only on ethdelta
Sweet, bought 1500 originally, sold for 2x and have a freebie of 400 hanging around.
Will hold on
Fucking discord pajeets.
look at the chart brainlethttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/emphy/only pajeet here is you
Low market cap is so nice.
Bout time it moons!
Once this it's binance it'll be an easy $1-$3
How do we buy this stuff?
Im new to cryptocurrency
https://etherdelta.com/#EPY-ETH
So just create an account and deposit money?
Then buy however many you want to buy?
Where it says price do ypu just fill it in at market price?
looks like a shit coinnot buying this garbage
OP give me the technicals in your own words
4366760t.
fud discord
just playing the gameNow Ill ask you again.
Give me the technicals in your own words
t. Pajeet from discord
alrightygood luck missing out on another easy 10xer
They are fools anon
See you at the moon!
low market cap>badIs this how the boomer mind works?
bought .85 ETH @ .000983/EPY averagesee u guys in the morning with my lambo
Pump is imminent.
Any minute now biz.
Are you ready?
blank pls
looks like it's goon up.
ready for x2 again
like confido i mean
holy fuck you guys weren't kidding yesterday.
glad i got onboard.
volume is picking up... buy walls too thick sell walls too thin.
this shit is going to moon big time
EPY bros listen up: Publica PBL is next weeks moon mission.
Market cap is also 1 million.
EPY moon round 2.
Make sure to get some off of ED early.
Buy orders looking good
How do we buy?
https://etherdelta.com/#EPY-ETHetherdelta isn't as intimidating as people make it out to be just don't fuck up
https://etherdelta.com/#EPY-ETH
Bought 500 for shits
4368930Do i need ethereum to be able to buy or just deposit cash funds and go from there?
you need eth
How do i get ethereum
through child porn and autism
are you srs
brainlets like you dont deserve these moon missionsdo your own god damn research
MOON!!!!!!
Is it to late to invest now?
.01 ETH is not unreasonable
There is still time for 8-15x my manIts not even on kucoin or binance yet, the devs contacted the exchanges yesterday and are waiting for a response
Official respo se: No
How in the fr*ck do I find Publica on Etherdelta though
This thing isn't stopping at 4-5xFeel free to miss out though
it not released yet
So my etherdelta account is my ETH adress to deposit to?
Oh ok.
I thought maybe it was trading but not listed yet, was wondering what to input into Etherdelta to find it
yeah.< confindo 25x free tip< epy for free tip
this one going to 24x
Dump soon
yes yes this is a good deal no?better get in before there is no inhehehehehhehe
sell drugs on the dark net
*pump
fucking hate that i missed this
mfw pajeet's dump actually moons
still time to get in going to 25x
Publica is not on ED yet.
Next week it will be.