This keeps going downHELP
No panic!!
Be patience!
not by much tho!
Help?
Multiple people told it's overvalued and a shitcoin.
No need to be worth anything right now.And now you cry?
You had your chance to sell at a profit
nice quads
Pull out and move your money into BCPT it will moon today
guess you better sell while you still can
Who gives a shit?
Just wait until Q1 2018 and if it still sucks then sell.
101 how to lose money
i could be putting my money in hot new ICOs and make 10x.or i can hold this and make 0 profit for the next month.
i could be putting my money in hot new ICOs and make 10x.or lose 10x
I don't know man.
If you look at the big winners they have low prices for a while before braking out.
I'm of the mind you have to invest early and wait months to see real profit.
How are you losing x10?
And don't Tell me REQ would x10.
Lmao
be patient :)
Nice quads.
Time to buy, by the way.
4396666Be patient>Keeps tanking ;)
YC already cashed out faggots.
Req team ( 6 employees) in berlin sitting in a shitty office on their laptops.
No real devs, no protocols, relies on others.
Below ICO price, left Moneytis, Its over fagggots.
No new exchanges, Theyve made their money.
You pajeets can hold on to nothing.
YOU ALL GOT REQT!
k :)
Fuck it Iam buying it all
I thought we almost got rid of the pajeets but seems like we still have pajeetlets selling off :D
I'm chinese not a pajeet, though I'm looking to get rid of my request, I don't believe its a good coins at all.
Just that I hold some because I was day trading it and the btc pump screwed me over there.
Looking to exit if it comes over 700 sats to minimize my losses
OP, I know its hard, but you have to remember that this is a long term hold.
See this as a time when all the weak handed /biz/ faggots holding this coin are weeded out.
muh long term holdEverything is long term at this point
when you realize it's actually also the truth.Just wait half a year and come back.
All your coins will have gained.
Or don't excist anymore.
That's the higher odd if you look 1 year back.
But let's hodl!!!!!
X100 incoming
Just sell then faggit, nobody’s forcing you to hold
I'm talking about icos, not req.
Most icos end in the trashcan.