Read their whitepaper, and read a bit around on the forums and check it out.
It's the most legit project you will find.
Not just promises, but a working product and tonnes of customers waiting.
Soon to launch.
I know you think I talk shit, but research it.
You will regret it if you don't.They have close relations with Novartis among others (Modum's co-founder is head of sterile packaging and supply chain at Novartis) - a pharma company with a 215 billion dollar market cap.
Modum already has a working product and they will initially provide blockchain monitoring for shipments of pharmaceuticals from Q1 2018.
Only 27.2 million tokens, and they cost less than 2 dollars at the moment.
Just call me a shill, but Modum will kick ass.
It will go nuts when people find out about it.
It's so incredibly undervalued.
And the reason I say "initially" is because they got so many patents, and they plan on later on expanding their business model to many other areas, such as normal parcel shipments.
Besides that, new EU regulation requires pharma companies to constantly monitor the drugs during shipping.. And as I stated, Modum has patented their sensors, and it's the easiest, safest and cheapest way to do it.
The pharma industry will become addicted to Modum - cause they have to comply, and no one else can provide it, since they have it patented.Modum's CEO, Simon Dössegger is the former product and technology manager for aerial platforms at GoPro.
One of their advisors is Heinrich Zetlmayer, who has held several top positions at IBM.
Modum is serious business.
Based in Switzerland - like many of the big pharma companies.
So go figure out the rest..
The token pays dividends in Ethereum on a quarterly basis proportionally to what you have.
It's gonna completely skyrocket.
They got big customers lined up from many countries.
They won't even be able to keep up with the demand, I think.
Just wait.
40-50 dollars by the end of 2018 - at least.
Modum is an absolute shitcoin.
No company is interested in this.
stop fudding my friend.
You would know that this is absolute bullshit if you did a little bit of research.
Modum's co-founder is head of supply chain at Novartis.
(a big pharma company with 215 billion dollar market cap)
bump does biz hate money?
No but coin is shit unlike your shill worth 50 ruppies your getting payed.
if by Modum you mean RCN then yes i agree 100%
Your litteral shitcoin won't take off because it's litterally diarrhea
No need to shill Modum here, we don't need these pajeets, these fcking wojacks going to fomo in later, then we can make them hodl our bags when it's $8.
These op faggots don't know what's coming
LOL!
Made me laugh.
thanks
It's a cool company so I bought a few ETH worth.
It's not really that exciting from a blockchain standpoint though.
They're just using the tokens to help distribute the dividends and who knows when those will come and how much they'll be worth.
i'm new to this, but MOD and RLC is the most trustworthy stuff i've seen so far, i don't know why people put all their lifesavings in something like LINK when stuff like this exists.