Spank chain has released and is on Etherdeltahttps://etherdelta.com/#0x42d6622dece394b54999fbd73d108123806f6a18-ETHyou should get in before it is officially listedits set to be listed on major exchanges only 200 million of the coins are in circulationat 3-5 cents atm its a guarantee 5x -10xspankchain.comThey have 30 models already signed upPorn star industry advisorsDistric0x AdvisorGnosis Advisornormies will use it, cryptos will use ityou Stake Spank for a hodl, and they have a parallel micropayment channel wallet being releasedTheir platform isnt a year away its Q1 2018a couple months maxIts legit af, and is a highly professional projectSo get in before it hits the big exchanges, and 5x -10x this week.Good luck
Pls elaborate on staking
I promise to buy if you tell me her name
Users hodl Spank to stake booty, which in turn can be traded at a value of 1 USD per booty backed by SPANK.
is this Abella Danger?
I fucking love her
abella danger?
btw thats the CEO, they get fine porn stars to their desires.
This project is giong to the moon
Explain why spank coin even needs to exist?
why can't i just use bitcoin or monero?
4486880Well the booty looks like Abella Danger's but the face looks different man.
Maybe too much make up idk.
Can anyone confirm?So they get to fuck my favourite pornstars with the money that I invest in spankchain?
Sounds like advanced cuckery.
name a site with 30 models ready to cam whore, and pron starts endorsing it, backed by advisors from gnosis and distric0x
no senpai, that was before the ICOthe have connections to make this moon
dont buy it, just dont bother
>not cleaning your asshole when wearing a thong in public
Yep confirmed Abella Dangergettyimages.de/event/6th-urban-x-awards-arrivals-775025275?esource=SEO_GIS_CDN_Redirect#-picture-id836290498
no one wants to buy
I like this a lot but the sell side on ED is too high for an entry at the moment.
Going to keep an eye on it.
well its not even listed yet, no one knows about it.but use your judgment, that is always good
In an ideal world, shill topics saying "it's x cents now buy before 10x" should be a bannable offense unless you provide ICO price, bonuses, pre-sale if any, and links to sourcesCan't be arsed to do more than 10 minutes of research myself, but the whitepaper says 1B tokens rather than 200M, and there was at least one pre-sale with a 20% bonus.
I'd clean it
you must be a virgin.
you do know that a lot of asscracks are brown naturally?
pornstars bleach their ass cracks
girl b like ayy mr>cud u plz halp me wit sumthin plz>guy be like ok>girl says spred my butt cheeks plz>guy does it>BRAAAAAAAAAAP>girl thanks guy for helping release stored brap>they fall in love and get married and live happy ever afteri cri evertime
ok so let me get this straight.I give you ethereum.
You give me spankcoin.
i stake my spankcoin to get bootycoin.
bootycoin is backed by spankcoin, which is backed by nothing.
then when the site is up, i can use bitcoin or ethereum or monero, and never have to use spankcoin.
wut?
and igaf about advisors from gnosis, district0x, money skelly, satoshi nakamoto.
cheapest ICO/presale price?