Anons, what if... i-it... actually looks sustainable
BTC is going to 14k
Still needs a correction
no need
It do what it do.
I'm holding at least until tbbt and futures.
At that point, there will probably be another reason for hype... this ship is sailing smooth as fuck.
Nigga we just corrected from 7,800 to 5,600
Probs.
But whithout shilling, looking at that graph, shorting looks like a stupid high risk.
Maybe McAfee will eat his dick afterall?
“Correction” is the most misused investment term on this board I swear to god
Nigga I just INVESTED TM 200 bucks yesterday lets hit 500k so I can get hood rich
Are you being ironically retarded, or are you unironically retarded?
..Anonymous (ID: toKCqjjQ)11/21/17(Tue)21:10:18 No.4487977Text version:This is a message from an insider.
I am a member of Chinese whale community.
I cannot provide any proofs nor open my identity but I cannot allow myself to stand and watch for the greatest theft from poor and reputation destruction of blockchain based cryptocurrency to happen.I have been informed of major Bitcoin manipulation taking place in order to compromise Bitcoin security and reliability.
A group of coordinated Chinese investors have a plan to pump Bitcoin to 10000 USD after which they plan on coordinated crash of Bitcoin to sub 1000 levels because they have already taken their fiat money out and replaced them with margin tether traiding.
It will not cost them a dollar.
They will push Bitcoin below the demand levels.The situation with Bitfinex and Tethers is legitimate but it is a distraction.
Inflated amount of Tethers are not a source of money used for Pump.
Bitcoin Cash is the source.For some reason community accepted 20 Billion dollar appearance out of thin air which is the market capitalization of Bitcoin Cash as the natural process.
It is not natural.
These artificial money are currently used to cash out Chinese investors and pump original Bitcoin to 10000 USD without taking any losses.Shortly after Bitcoin crash below 1000 USD they plan to introduce Bitcoin Cash as a true Bitcoin and necessary replacament which is not inflated and then reject Tether pairings.
This is why Bitcoin Cash price is stabilized at 1000 USD as was price of original Bitcoin in January 2017.This is the operation Dragonslayer in it's final stage.
They have created billion of dollars with Bitcoin hardforks and use Tether as a tool to artificially bump Bitcoin price cash out their money and coordinate total collapse.Please be careful as next month will be very unstable
dem niggas better be shillin!
"price"USDt is not USD.
if 3 whales cash out now, there will be no more USD for anyone else to cash out (unless you want to hold USD "tethers" lol).
This shit will fuck you all up so much.
I will laugh so fucking much as this shit comes crumbling down.
Meanwhile, I am holding cryptos that will actually have real world use case instead of "muh store of value".
store of value... HAHA price inflated by fake "tethers".
the wreckage will be so beautiful.
you will all be pink wojaks then.
fuck off NSA
PnD'ing a 0.1 trillion dollar market cap
Bitcoin isnt a standard stock or some shit, it follows its own rules as it is a new game changer.
Once apple invented thw iphone there stock would never go down to previois levels cus they hit a new plateau
that wasn't a correction retard, that's when the BCH fud was going on and people were crying "flippening!"
with that faggot Roger Ver was dumping literally tens of thousands of BTC and keeping up sell wallsthat was a pump n dump, not a correction
NOOOO you have to compress the X axis into the smallest area possible and make it look like it's a J.
More like dipped for few days and immediately reached new ATH.
That's not correction.
kek, literally every graph of bitcoin ever shown
ignore anyone crying "NSA" on these boards, they're bought and paid for shills trying to discredit anyone speaking out against Tether or Bitfinex.
Is this likely to be true or just some larping faggot?
4488273Bitfinex / Tether is a serious issue and they better come up with an external audit soon.
Still, claiming that they single handedly got the price where it is now with ~1 billion USDT in circulation is retarded.99% buying into Bitcoin do so without having a clue what Tether is.If it should be a scam it will have a big impact but it won't bring it down.
Just like Confido and other Scam ICOs brought ETH down... not.
How have your retarded conspiracy theories worked out for you so far in life?
What do you think, anon?
>tether hacked>btc doesn't even drop an inchproves btc has detached itself from the crypto market and people believe in it
I'm too stupid to know.
All I know is I swapped some poundyroos for internet money and now I have more poundyroos and don't want less again.
okay, no worries, then I give you a tip:Everyone who advertises a coin here does so because they hold a lot.And everyone FUDing it do so because they just sold and want to buy back cheaper / don't want to get salty when it goes up without them.Good luck!
btc doesn't even drop an inchIt dropped about 5% from that for a short bit.
It's not like that news actually matters anyways.
The Tether was flagged in the wallet the hacker put it into and it's all effectively useless
That's my inkling.
If true though what's the cheapest way to kms?
Tbh mate, if it goes to shit I'm hanging myself with my dressing gown cord.
But realistically, anything sounding like a conspiracy theory is 99.999999% likely to be bullshit, and touted by some mong that found his way from /pol/ to here.Good luck and God bless.
Only invest money you are happy to lose.
If it grows to the point you feel uncomfortable with, then cash a portion out.If not, then a rope probs.
I'm round here for a few years now and heavily invested.
Sleep is for the weak anyways anonThis.
E.g.
TBBT has 11mil viewers.
Even if every single one would invest $100, that would only have an impact of % on the price.This is a bigger movement, if you want it or not.