Get in on the dip, the Koreans are coming!
Ready.
Shit is gonna surpass ripple in the next 72 hours
why are they coming...
source?
This would be the best thing to ever happen to me in my entire life.
its starting to rise actually damn
Source ?
Give me something
Dunno man, it has dropped for the past hourAnyway, bought at 56$ and 60$ a few weeks ago.
I'm ready for the moon mission
bullish pennan broken we're gonna reach 100
Got any chart analysis?
I went ahead and bought 50LTC
It's litecoin.
It's not going anywhere niggers
I can actually see this happening as a pump n dump.
buying because an anonymous stranger told you to>did zero analysis in his investmentkek.
a true /biz/nessman
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/LTCUSD/KigTGuAd-LTCUSD-undervalued-also-daily-pennant-pattern/
its not going anywhere...what the fuck is this guy hyped up on?
Well it's lite coin so low risk
look at the 1 minute chart dipshit
Rsi looks good but HUGE sell wallsBut why would the koreans pump it ?
63.66 on bithumb already
its a gamble, but hey I have made already $7k off of advice of strangers already this month.
If I go all in am I going to lose my life savings?
this shit isn't mooning.
even the 15 min chart chart looks like shit.
>Sell walls>no meme triangle Wut??
Of course you can, that's what the whole thing is about
yes i know someone who bough bch with his saving of 26k pmd me for advice, i responded in portugese(google translater) to let him think he is asking the wrong guy
Litecoin is a good safety net for a bitcoin core failure.
nice moon faggot.
kek.
I actually change my mind, this might actually moon.good luck faggots, pay attention to the 30 min candles though.
thanks, you guys are fucking stupid made a nice little profit tho sold that LTC
kek.
I actually change my mind, this might actually moon.Why.
>litecoin>moonok budthis is probably the only coin that haven't mooned in months, why now?
Im the master of LTC.
I have never lost a single cent with LTC and ive been riding it since it was 1 penny per coin.
I just bought more at 58 and I think I will hit 100 or at least 75-80 by thanksgiving and deff by christmas if the bitcoin bubble is still going.
Absolutely no news or reason for it mooning>Hey guys go all in on litecoinmfw
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/LTCUSD/KigTGuAd-LTCUSD-undervalued-also-daily-pennant-pattern/this guys explains why
look charlie lee twitter
 and 15 min candles are okay, above the meme cloud.the 30 min candles is pretty close though as you can see in pic related, if the koreans are pumping this it might actually breakout but I'd wait until it clears just a bit over the meme cloud, be ready with a stop loss though.
dont go all in one coin.
If there was any coin i would go all in on it would be LTC tho.
It is very stable and wont go below 55.
You should hedge your bets with some ETH, VTC, NEO and shit like that tho.Maybe %30 in ltc and the rest in other good coins.
Any idea how to buy litecoin with a prepaid visa, without giving personal information?
you just answered your own question :^)
Lol I have 17 LTC held up in transfer that don't get released until Thursday please Moon and stay at the ATH - don't DUMP You biz brahs.
I’m dumping my bags at ATH... fuck this shitcoin
haha were in the same boat man!
your a retard dude how is it a shitcoin.
It has some of the best characteristics of actually being a currency.
Pump and DUMP fag.
This.
Litecoin is literally Satoshi's vision.>Fast enough to be used as a currency>Not centralized by power brokers and chink ASIC miners
why aren't people mining Litecoin more?
it is literally used more for transferring money than BTC because of how fucking slow BTC is
localbitcoins
It's not as profitable I guess?
There are about 4x more litecoin tokens than btc
amimemeing here?
i think on the one day chart the sup/res lines are clear despite the volatility.
I think there will be more bouncing horizontal movement before another breakout.
But crypto is wild so maybe not at all and it could breakout today.
Requires a phone, Im a neo-luddite.
Must be able to do it from my home PC without leaving the house.
its starting, congrats on everyone who bought in
Nice moon faggot
.8 -> 62.6 on Bitfinex since 23:45UTC.
wow a whole 0.8 in 30 minutes definitely going to the moon
you better close that short before it pumps you fucking piece of subhuman waste
Anyone who called Litecoin a shitcoin doesn’t know anything about crypto.
Fucking idiots on here.
LTC was one of the earliest cryptos, has a respected founder and devs, and the network is super fast.
Super undervalued right now.
4367811don't like it don't buy it, i'm just giving some insider info before the pump
How is it insider info lol
theyre pumping it to 150 tn GET THE FUCK IN AAAA
Shapeshift some from btc bought from a bitatm or start mining shit coins and then Shapeshift them
litecoin is one of the oldest and prbbly one of the undervalued coins in the market.
Litecoin currently has a market value of $ 3.3 billion versus $ 120 billion for Bitcoin .
4x more supply thats well spread , 4x faster block confirmation, easier to implement new tech.
( lightening network and atomic swaps.)
The BTC / LTC ratio started at 0.005 early this year and is currently 0.008 while we have already seen a peak of 0.02.
In the past there were even peaks of up to 0.03 and 0.04.
If we accept 1 to 4 ratio , Litecoin should rise above $ 1,750 for a price above $ 7,000 for Bitcoin .
If the BTC / LTC ratio rises to 0.02 something that was normal in the early days, this means an increase of $ 140.
Based on these points, you could say that Litecoin is undervalued at the moment.
its a matter of time when ltc might be the fomo machine of the year.
Last chance retards, I'm going to sleep now and when I wake up LTC will be atleast 65.
atms cost too much in fees.
Is there nowhere that takes prepaid visas?
The ones that dont require verification require a credit card with a name attached, not simply a prepaid one picked up in a store.
nobody comments on quints
sleep tight pajeet
the Koreans are coming!1 IF BY LAND!2 IF BY SEA!
not knowing timezonesI'm european my 56% friend