I TOLD YOU MULTIPLE TIMES
holee fuck i got so lucky i bought at the bottom for once fuck ya!
!vertcoin is fucking mooning
they wouldn't listen, they want to stay poor
I listened.We got in at 50% off haha.
who else /comfy/ right now?
So comfy, this about to test some ATHs tonight
Extremely comfy.
Big shout out to the whales for beating back the mob on the initial push.
Great entry.
Better to get in grs
Eating up Sell walls left right and centre
im literally cumming
Maybe.
But still don't trust that coin haha.
that's a pump and dump bro
VTC is the surest bet right now.
We are going Mars at least goys.
So comf just sip coffee watch we mon now this great so great
take it back
should I buy now?
Yes, they've got some updates being released today/within the next few days.
Anything under $5 is a massive steal
About to pass 60k... get in while you can!
This baby going ATH tonight!
I'm not taking your Grosscoin bags back bruhbtw 60k!!!!!!!!!
hnng
THANK YOU SO MUCH whoever told me to all in on an alt with my /poorfag/ portfolio.
I'm now up 28% with VTC
how long till we beat the ATH of 5,65?
You missed the barrel bottom sunday sunday sunday steals, but you still have time for gains.
This is a 100k coin
Probably.
Not even shilling, vtc was the go-to coin after the fork.
Is blockfolio working for you goys?
I want to watch my money grow but it won't let me add vtc
yeah this increase has been anticipated for post fork, so christmas is coming early.
very unlikely it's going to dip back down to 40k.
their servers are probably overloaded because everyone is checking BTC
Definitely no way those whalebots would let that happen now, they are securing their massive gains proper.
And in doing such, so are we.
god damn wish i would have bought when they were 50 cents
Dude everything is mooning this isn't some amazing call you made
Even my portfolio is mooning.
wait until korea is up
Nice holdings anon, you get it.
i think i fucked upi bought at 61kand now it's crashing because i fucking suck at trading
LMAO bought my bag.Thanks bud.
Gonna rebuy when it hits the buy zone though.
do you think it'll bounce back up this week?
And to think I nearly bought CODWWII with VTC earliersilly me
Who knows, crypto is totally unpredictable.Bought back in a bit at 562
rebound incoming
i wonder if the koreans will pick up the pump
Yeah I had issues too, Bittrex mostly going offline for little bits by the flippening.
it's ok now
Yeah man, rebought at 0.000562What are you guys projecting?
65k or so today?
This is blatant market manipulation across the board, just sold all my coins, it's going back down.
It's happening on every alt I own right now
i guess around 70ksats
I don't see this dumping below 55K r-right?I'm tempted to trade the swings but this volatility is absurd.
Now is not the time to trade unless you are a bot.Yes.
so now would be a bad time to FUD huh?i'm just FOMOing and FUDing everywhere i go
God fucking damnit, I almost bought at 46k earlier today, but had to go to work.Would have been nice returning to a 20% profit
Kek I remember seeing posts like this when omg was super early into its bull run.
What's a right time to buy now?
PLEASE SIRS
so we're in a bullrun?
oh that is good to know
Omg doesn't even have a wallet, kys
get in now before the ching chong bing bongs wake up
it's such a piece of shit projectZERO DELIVERABLESon the other handRCN is a rockstar
I didn't realize vtc had so few coins in circulation.
The moon potential is pretty high
I've got .12BTC I can put into VTC.
Someone needs to tell me what to do, and it had better be the right thing.
I'm through playing around here.
This is it, the 3.0 replacement for BTC - BCH is the 2.0 era replacement for BTC but the asian folk got ahead.
VTC for $4 is no fucking brainer.
One-click GPU miner>ASIC resistant>No pre-mine>Being halved in one monthWhen Eth comes around to actually switching to a PoS system I expect a lot of GPU miners to find refuge in Vtc.
bittrex is not posting order booksis anyone else experiencing this?
some people dont like money fuck em.
they will be back when its back at 9k sats
ye just refresh a few times
Buy now, and HODL.Upbit is going to add KRW/Vertcoin trading pair soon, a new update is coming soon as well, and the AMD mining update should come sometime this month.
LET USGO
didn't it already add it?
.00064 IM CUMMING
Yeah I always though I was gonna camp in ETH but after all the dumbfuckery and fagottery I'm purging Parity and its fucking 87Gb of trash and going all in VTC.
Even tempted to mine.> Breaking prev ATH right now btw
The AMD update?
Nope, not yet.
OHH SHIT BOYSS@@@@@@!!
!HERE WE GOO!!!!!!
!KOREA IS AWAKE!!!!!!
> Can only get so hard!
rise....RISE!!
!Make me rich
I haven't been this comfy since when I held 1000+ omg coins under $2 and the apple rumors started
Going back to 90k bois!
From previous bull runs, FOMO is strong with this coin, might even crack 100k sats today.
guys i have 30vtc am I gonna make it?
>tfw you will soon be living on an island with an endless supply of ladyboysthe dream is real lads
The movement the past 15 or so minutes is unreal, other alts are dipping a bit.
Shot up almost 10k sats
> Cryptohog approves of this coin> Make papa proud
Hollyyyy shit
where do you guys see this settling at?realistically
k was just BTFO>didn't even have the time to press submit it's already at 74kWEWLADS
hahahha holy fuckkkk
I LOVEEEEEEEEE THIS
depend when.
If you're speaking long term this is so taking the same route as LTC.
All the signs are there.
It's doing that thing where it feels like you are puddled on L trying to look at a clock.
This, it's a multiple billion marketcap coin.
Would it be worth to put some fiat on this then?
$20 EOY?
> Another run coming.
HOLY SHIT GUYSWHEN TO SELL is this the next ltc ?
Bought at $5 SOLD AT $6REBOUGHT AT $4.90 SOLD AT $4.33REBOUGHT AT LIKE $3 HERE WE GO BOYS
Not selling till midnight tonight
don't forget to buy next ATH at 100-120k sats and sell the 80k dip
not mooning at all, just the other coins going down lel
43%>NOT MOONIG AT ALLHAHHAHAHAHHA U MAD CUNT KYS
My bags were filled just below 1$ still hodling.
My lambo will be dirty green with white elements
i should have just bought grs rather than believing the vert shills a few weeks ago but atleast ive made money again nowtook vert ages to recover
lol
ages2 weeks niggadont you have any patience?
Why would you want to buy into a pump and dump?
Why risk holding that bag
Also, this thing is shooting up again
Sold 73k.Targets for buy in?
Huge way to go back to 60k but I want to place one there.
Sell at 90k, buy at 65k
I am so fucking pissed rn, I was planning to switch my BTC into vtc, neo, wtc, link an mod tomorrow and this shit B2X cancellation came out of nowhere and I was left holding my dick in the dust, fuck this shit.
I've been holding since $.8 and I'd say not to bother trying to play the vtc market.
Could shoot to $10 any time.
Was way down the last few weeks and went all in on VTC lol, I sold at 73k making back all my losses.
I think it hits 60k again before another rocket upwards.
Check out the pump on October 22nd, looked very similar to this one and dumped big.
>muh ASIC resistanceThis coin is going to zero when people realize most of it is being mined by botnets and hash farms.
SURE THING BUD
salty as fuckStay salty
This doesn't change the fact that I'm still getting almost 3$ a day from a single GPU.A month ago before price spiked I was getting 2 vert a day.ASIC resistance isn't just a meme.Reminder to invest in GREEN coins, green = profit.
NEO and Vert mooned.
Coincidence?
vertcoin party up in here >wooooooooooooooo!
That dumped purely because of the btc run.
wooooooooooooooo!WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M
Priced dumped due to BTC fork memes, and is surging back up because said fork was cancelled.You'll probably gave 1 more chance at the most to hop on.
Just my 2 cents though
Have one more chance*Fuck I need to sleep
it's so damn volatilegot in and got outat least i recouped my grs losses todaythat's all that matters
THIS IS ONE GROUP OF PAJEETS FROM A DISCORD DOING A COORDINATED SCAM P&D, STAY FAR AWAY OR YOU WILL LOSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(this is what you faggots get for banning me)
i think we're losing steamprobably find good support around 55kbut this is just the first wavei expect VTC to carry on
imagine what happens when a lot of people get off work and realized what the fuck is going on.
not buying below $1
Time to pop some bottles https://youtu.be/GN5s_bXphhwhttps://music.youtube.com/watch?v=iLPHuw7eCNU&feature=sharehttps://youtu.be/EA1UpMMmV6ABottle popping music ^^
tfw bought in at 2
reminder to accumulate AT LEAST until the halvening
k maybe, but I do not think we will be seeing it all the way back to 55k.
Scared money don't make money
its ok i'm poor so i needed it more
VTC is going to replace a bunch of Alt's in the market, hold onto your moon bags!!!
Could someone help me out?
I haven't touched my bitcoins in years.
I used to use a wallet called Multibit, but it is not supported anymore.
What program can I use to access my wallet again?
fuck dash, fuck litecoin, and fuck bitcoin cash!
I DON"T WANT TO SHIT ON ANYONE HERE BUT IT CAPPED TODAY AT 74Kif you can exit with some gains DO IT NOWbuy it back laterGLUCK
Thank you for your well thought and highly insightful advice, but I traded swings during the dip and have such a retarded entry point that I will just hold and watch.
NEVER.
FUCKING.
SELLING.NOT UNTIL WE OVERTHROW LITECOIN.VI VON VERTCaptcha extremely related.
VI VON VERTUgandian streamsnipers investing in Vertcoin, now i've seen it all
Price action is coming
Holder BurwoodWhat does it mean.
in at 68.... i fucked up right?
High five :) we are epic baghodlers now 
i was in at 61k when it started going down to 55ki thought of letting go but then it made it's way up.hang in there, no need to sell at a loss
I bought in at 57k a while back.it'll be fine dude.
But it'll a week or so before it goes above 70 again
Lots of vert coin bagholders trying to escape.
I think it accelerates towards 90k fairly quickly once the shakeout is over.
wtf is going on?
like pretty much everyone I waiting for this stupid fork - bought in 61k too - why is this dropping now?
fuck this shit
that's because BTC is going back upbut if there is one thing we can take from this its that VTC was the KING during this rally.fuck everything elsegoes to show that this coin will be a safe haven when BTC crashes
vtc confirmed comfiest trading coin
Got back in at 0.000586Hoping we have liftoff soon to over 74k :)We shall see.
Volume, chart etc.
are looking amazing today though.
Even another run up to 70k would be great.
Huge sell wall at 70k though.
Buying back now!
Hell yeah man, all I did today was sit in front of my computer watching the swings and trading them lol.
Could not be going any better.Have to love crypto on days like this.
We back
hey niggas where do you think this coin will be at in a year?
now is your chance to exit and evade losses
-50$