FUCK SAKEI went all in on BCH just before work.
I just clocked off to find that a third of my fucking equity is gone.I'm down $24k.
I'm literally shaking right now,I feel like I might throw up.WTF should I do?
Just HOFDL?
this price should hold, should bounce back to top of this meme trianglebut if i doesnt...yikes
Don't be a bitch.
Nothings changed.
HODL till it goes another 50% down tomorrow
You don't lose until you sell!
just throw up and do not bet on the chinks ever again.
they gonna scam you again
If u sell bch ur dumb what are you going to go back too
Someone has to lose in order for the smart people to win.
But seriously, you're fucking DUMB.
It's going down to 600-800 after the difficulty adjustment.
I'm sorry buddy, you got memed on by the Koreans.
buy more, loose everything
Tomorrow the miners will switch back to bitcoin classic.Sell now and go all in on ChainLink.
Its going to moon
Dumb faggot fell for a pump and dump, flippeningfags btfo
fomo buying a chink scamcoin at ath of the biggest organized pnd to this date
4324299How low are you guys trying to get your buys?
Bch losses are well deserved, looking forward to it hitting 600 in a few weeks
these threads must be trolls right?there's no way people are this stupid
just hofdl bro
How low are you guys trying to get your buys?I'll probably buy in again at 0.05 for Jihan's next 'flippening' scam
ITS NOT A FUCKING PUMP AND DUMP YOU FUCKING JEWBAG RETARD
buy more like a real manyou cannot go wrong with the real bitcoin
fud on biz won't affect the price lol.
But seriously it's going down and will settle at $700 i think
>believing the flippening memeMaybe someday, but not today.
For real though
already got BTC for a bargain thanks to you retards, when you guys inevitably switch back after this scam is over, it'll boom.
this, that's how winners are bornOP, don't listen to core shills, you need to stay loyal to the true bitcoin now, be a man fo fucks sake
KEK
Yes, kiddo, it is.
nothing except the price :^)
t. delusional mong who got scammed by flippening shills and korean pump and dumpers and doesn't want to admit it>muh BCH 2000 by monday
OR BTC will fall to the ground and bleed out hopelessly :)
Hodl on to what?
A Korean scam coin?
so many CoreCucks on here that actually believe in BTC so heavy that they are scared to move their money.Yall dont like change?
Guess what?
If you cant hang with the big dogs then you can crumble up and DIE
It's going back up.
BIthumb about to hit 1.6k
send me 1 bch and ill tell you its moves in next 24 hour i have insider info 18ZTKndVPAwRWejR9QnH3b595SHgzW4PyP
yeah I know, BTC 1000 in an hour, it's hopeless
hodl it will go 3k
You're a greedy moron that can't think for himself.
If you are so easily led, you are a sheep.
Are you joking?
Why would you buy a coin that has been pumped 200% in 2 days?See that as a tuition fee.Tip to not fuck up again: watch this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6M Don't buy the tip, buy the dip.
I put my money into ETH, and ETC and my little known RCN, I'm not expecting any overnight Get Rich Quick coins.
(Yes I did buy some BCH yesterday at 1,000 and sold around 2,000 - because I was happy 2x'ing) and that has covered the drop ETH has seen this week (ALthough that was all gains from the week before anyways)
youre a retard for buying bch, most of biz doesnt believe in the coin, they are just hyping it up and riding the waves
I'm literally shaking right nowsell as fast as you can and run this is going to get dirty as fuck
Why go to work in this crucial time?
Will you earn more money one day of working than if you sell at the right time your crypto?
HAHAHAHA nice bags
Dude we hit .3 twice without asia after the big dump, it will be back to at least .35 tonight
After BCH dies down by next week will there be any big events to pump it again?
Buying coins from gooks who eat dogs - you deserve your pain.
WTF should I do?The odds of getting a reply in your own economic interest is pretty low bruhdoodles.
I rebought some at 1,200 last night after selling around 2,000 (Before it hit 2,400 and Bittrex crashed) then put a limit sell in at .4 so i thad to hit .4 sometime last night because it sold at .4 in my records.
WHY IS BCH MOONING AGAIN I THOUGHT WE KILLED IT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
it's going to hit 2,000 again in the next 30 minutes OP here's your chance to SELL Fucker
See 
HOLD and it will go back up ya lil bish
calling 1650 next top
BCH broke the 24hour volume record.
The volume record that the entirety of the crypto market had previously held, it beat by itself.
Volume being the worst part to focus on considering it's all on an exchange where wash trading is possible due to low fees
Nice, a PND.
Volume is the most important indicator.
High volume breakouts are bullish.
Bitcoin cash is not done pumping yet.
There's at least one more round coming.
After that, you can exit, because obviously they cannot ever dethrone the majority of the consensus.But its fun to see people losing money and crying here.
There's an endless supply of idiots with too much money.
The “t.” does not stand for “thank you”
 BCH shills: presenting critical facts you can check to be true Nice, a PND: BTCMarines shitposting while waiting those tx go trough to finally flip.> *This* is the absolute state of /biz/ right now.
tfw pulled out at $2100thanks for buying my bags anon
BTC core shills won't give any credit to to bcash until it stands higher, that's the simple matter of fact.>Thinking some entity can organize a 20 billion pump
>went all in on pump and dump coin and didn't watch it
thanks for the free money OP
Thinking some entity can organize a 20 billion pumpIt's called wash trading and you can do it most easily on an exchange that has no trading fees.
I'm talking about bithump obviously.Next time you try to shill get your facts straight instead of embarassing yourself.
wash trading 20 billionLOL they would lose millions upon millions of dollars.
It's gone.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGwZVGKG30sRIP.
LOL they would lose millions upon millions of dollars.No trading fees, you ignorant fool.
Are all BCH shills that retarded?
delusional
It doesn't matter if there's fees they have to buy every order in the middle and offloading is almost impossible without selling at a loss.
And if they wash ordered the entire way up they would have no profit.
dont buy shitcoins....
Invest in DGB you will recover in a year or so...
Sell now
I went all in on BCH just before work.
I just clocked off to find that a third of my fucking equity is gone.
mah flippening.there's always the rope anon.
Obviously they won't make profit during the wash-up, the idea is to get outsiders involved to buy the coin at high prices and/or to support the flippening.
After a flippening you have a huge net profit.The point is, you can't do that when you have trading fees because you need very large volume for this to work.
Lol ok buddy.
Feels good to be 100% out of BCH though.
Lolololol
This >Literally laughing
>Buying during pumps>Buying ATH /Biz/ as usual.
I bought 17k of bch last night.
It went up to 25k in an hour then crashed to 13k.
I know that feel
Meanwhile it's an hour+ of my ETH withdrawal 'processing' on Binance as I try to get in on this ffs.