what the fuck
You deserve everything you got coming your way
soon just hodl
Nothing happened?
Prices have remained roughly the same?
What's the complaint here?
Next time you try to take down Bitcoin, mufukka, you better succeed or you’ll get rekt.
In 2 weeks it will be called Bitcoin crash
BCH/BTC ratio down 23% in 3 days
be fucking patient.
yeah I'm holding.
I just don't want another months long slide to .05 or some shit
Got 0.7 BCH to dump somewhere.
Where would you suggest?
ARK, XMR?
Othes?
You come at the king, you best not miss.
You mean Bitcoin Trash
shut up Omar, u ghey as fuck breh
Still better than holding USD.
you're not a libertarian are you?
we want all cryptocurrencies to survive and thrive here so that the goal of financial freedom for all and not just for those narrow minded few who claim only one coin should succeed.
the more success crypto has as a whole the wider adoption it will have and then a true paradigm shift can occur.
and yes, with bitcoin leading the way as the golden goose the entire space can prosper.
so why try to strike down innovation, crypto needs as many angles to attack the system as possible.
and no we don't want bitcoin to become the one and only next system.
there needs to be multiple safeguards to ensure if one coin is attacked there is another standing by as a safe harbor.
and if that one for whatever reason begins to naturally outperform, then switch over to it at a discount and make a greater profit.
Don't politicise crypto.
It is immune to that shit.
Donät come here with the belief that libertarianism is in any way "better" than any other political system.
And definitely don't assume your beliefs will count for anything.
Despite that, your post is correct.
But do not criticise those who don't "get it", yet.
Explain it to them.
We have all lived in a world of only fiat money: where all cash is valued dependent on a forex float.
Cash is literally a zero sum game to most people, and they have no concept of how it can be any different.
Just like nobody understands how a deflationary currency functions and changes society, unless they are forced to confront the possibilities.You are right: one crypto does not have to drink the milkshake of all the others.
But do not expect people here to understand that for now.
Crypto is political and philisophical.
The cypherpunks who created it are libertarian anachists.
Very helpful to research the philisophical roots.
anarchy is, by definition, the absense of politics.
That is why you don't need to bring that old shit here.
Crypto is resistant to it.
Crypto is apolitical.
politics is a way of assigning values to idealogies.
many in this space are interested in libertarian values.
the question was meant to show where certain values that crypto has adopted has come from.