Ok lets forget about price for a moment.
In terms of brand recognition and investment, BTC is the undisputed king.But it's hard to deny BCH is "better" on a functional level at the very least.
Larger blocksize means it's faster and has lower transaction fees, and this would still be the case even if it hit BTC's market cap.It's hard to make any argument that core is superior to cash.
Almost all arguments are based on potential future developments that may or may not be vaporware.
The other common argument is that "larger blocksize isn't a long term scaling solution".
That may or may not be true, but it doesn't change the fact that it's a very effective short to mid-term solution that is in working RIGHT NOW, as opposed to BTC's pie in the sky upgrades that could take years to come to fruition.
The simplest way to describe BCH right now is "BTC with lower fees and quicker transaction times".
Unless the core team get their act together in a big way, it seems unavoidable to me that BCH will continue eating away at BTC's market cap for the foreseeable future.
This is all irrelevant any way if the current tether scare has any truth to it.
Saged.
Not an argument.
Try thinking for yourself for once.
Make whatever argument you want, bags are bags
BCH is controllable garbage.
Roger Explosives & Craig Satoshi, get real.
BCH is for noobs who beleive anything.
Free money though.
Here is the real value:
But it's hard to deny BCH is "better"
If I ignore it long enough m-maybe it'll go away!
I'll sell all my BTC for BCH if you can tell me how BCH is better than BTC and you can't use "it's BTC".
bitcoin died on august 1stnow you have BlockstreamCoin or BitmainCoin
 I’ll have you know BCH is more decentralized then BTC.
BTC is being controlled by block stream who are raising fees and tx times to push users off chain ran by centralized knows while they make money charging premium to all the users and making each user leave an specific amount off chain at all time.
Wowww BTC sounds sooooo great that’s so much better then paying less then 10c fees and ten minute confirmations.
Especially when it’s the forked coin from bitcoin it’s the same thing but a protocol change to fix the congestion problem.
Where does it talk about store of value in white paper exactly your deluded
bch isnt better, its centralized, it breaks the rules of 9 years worth of bitcoin that people invested in.
it literally breaks the rules of bitcoin consensus protocol.
its not bitcoin its a different coin similar with different rules but can be mined with the same hardware.
give it 9 years to even be considered close to what bitcoin is... by then btc will be almost 20 years old.
btc is way better in every single way.
decentralization and price of running a node is way more important then tx fees or who can use the blockchain.
let only the elite use it but atleast it will be permissionless and trustless.
if you let every pajeet use it, then it will be a centralized visa type coin like it is now
Enjoy those altcoin bags btrash fag
Bch isn’t centralized it breaks no rules if it does please explain.
BTC is if anything going against the white paper by not upgrading block congesting the network and by calling it a store of value just to justify high fees and 2 hour wait time and all the unconfirmed transactions and pushing everyone off chain to pay blockstream a premium so they can line their pockets off users.
If you honestly believe what you said your an idiot lmao
But it's hard to deny BCH is "better"There's about 20 different altcoins that are "better" than both of them, yet I don't see you championing them
tx fees dont mattercoretard
Dogecoin is better than bitcoin from a practical standpoint
we're having a pretty good debate about it in here, after we called the neo moon lol https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
Be honest with me.
How many times a day do you feel like ending your own life?
I don't think it is.
It's bitcoin with bitcoin's problems times 8.
All it really does it set the clock back with zero regard for what could happen in the future.
Effectively it will get tons of baggage attached to it before it shows cracks like bitcoin is already doing.
High fees, difficulty, and tx times.
Only way more people relying on it.
BTC isnt centralizedThe network is controlled by what, 2 major major mining pools?
Not centralized my hairy white ass....