Can we get a blockfolio thread?
kek.
Please tell me this is a joke.
You wouldn't actually buy these coins right, anon?
rust in vrede vriend
NO
Using brave and not holding batWhat are you doing anon?
You are brave
 eth, nice

diversity
How much did you lose on obsidian?
>inb4 hurr durr bcash shitcoin>bought at 350 dorrarsOn a srs note the electroneum team is a bunch of scamming niggers and i cant withdraw funds
Opinions?
I got most of it at ICO.
However, I bought two masternodes ATH.
you must have a huge sack irl for holding all that obsidianbch gains will get you a lambo early 2018only holding 156 link is questionable, rest of it looks cool and steady
Because I don't see how XMR will ever decrease in value and only increase, I view it as my way to never worry about a mortgage.
And if ODN is successful, it'll be my way to never worry about money again.
safe bet
Started 3 days ago.
Plan to invest 1500 but coinbase is fucking me with purchase limits.Why does no one mention BQX in biz.
Future billion dollar coin.Bought power at ath as a joke btw.
Any more safe bet suggestions?
Monero possibly?
More LTC?
See mine, OP, pretty safe in my opinion.
Also need to add bitconnect
ATH of .07 in Sept
We are odn marines
er, you guys, i mean cmon... https://cointelegraph.com/news/major-risk-for-mobile-android-wallet-users
I'm new to crypto but enjoying it so far
Blockfolio isn't a mobile wallet
you are a brave little fucker arent you?
Blockfolio isn't a wallet

Will i make it?
Thinks we are posting wallet screensFucking normies
GIVEAWAY anyone interested in free account with 0.000154 BTC: www cnhv co/ex1t
You managed to get in on ICX?
I found out about ICO too late, but this is the one that might push you into 7 digits.
Also, needs more ARK
OMG is a sure thing to blow the fuck up early next year, well done.
using blockfolio Get rekt poorfags
I just want to move back to btc but nothing will ever pump
Did you make gains long to mid term?
checked em
Rate pls Feeling pretty /comfy/ started with 5k a week and a half ago
Name?
Fortune favours the brave, though the fucker who said that died shortly thereafter.
Rate mine pls someone I don't know what I'm doing
Yes but keep in mind that that is iou price and it is not listed on any exchange yet.I will probably buy more when it gets listed.
youll make itbut seriously buy a fucking alt, at least omg or some shit
How does it look?
Making it for me is $200,000.
Will I make it?
because shitquence is propper up by suppoman and his group of sheep moronsif not for them nobody gives a fuck about it
the fuck is dataand stop buying coins you see on here that are already pumped
We develop and disclose EA (automatic trading tool) and signal indicator of MT4.We develop and publish Forex's victory method.Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」
i have a windows phone
Whatever that is it looks shittier than blockfolio, doesn't even show all your alts on the same screen on the landing page.
Delta crypto portfolio implying I hold anything other than eth
you sure you don't have any antshares to spare?
Sorry, I gave you too much credit.
Show me your portfolio then cuckmaster
I started buying eth at $20
Just started last week, am i doing this right?
Any advice?
Good pick on OCL i guess, how did you come up to that?
Way too diversified for the amount of money you trade with.
Focus on 2-3 coins that are "expected" to moon.
Anon posted that ocl was going to be on bigger sites soon so thought it made sence if it would increase in prize then

this
putting 15 dollars into somethingnow you have a bunch of shit to worry about.
unless you are indian where 15$ is decent investment.
rate
fucking retard
KEK

>all these ODN bagholdersis this what LINK will become?
LTC>OMGYes.
I'm about to be rich, baby!
Most in IOP then ADX, then MTLIOC and HMQ could go 2x easy will see how they do
newfag here, planning to hold and gain experienceam i doing it right or am i retarded guys
forgot pic, already know the answer
getting close 1 million celebration
10k thrown in
POSW is killing me
POSW is a pajeet coin.
Just broke 8k for the first time woooAnyway fix my shit up
Any investment below 500 just as isn't worth it.
A gain of 100% will just make you say you wish you had put in more instead of actually being happy.
Otherwise sticking to BTC and ETH is never wrong
It's not really though.
TPoS and masternodes coming up.
trade BCH for LTC and hold for a year+
What investment do you regret the most?
How do you use this I can't link my bank account like robinhood.
I want to start learning crypto
What are you invested in anon?
It looks like your percentages are way off.
Plz help.
You should send me 64 link so I have a pretty round number ;)
Damn i rly should diversify my 1200eth somehow
Am I gonna make it bros?
you're not gonna make it without at least 20% Ark
Plz help Gibs feedback
coss>linkBruh.....
Naaah counting on my free $0,23 of BCH drop from waves and the trx, which I have for some reason, to make me rich.
meme portfolio
What’s worse is I moved those to hide my DGB bag......
Yeah that $17 in link is going to break his back.
I mean I'm fucked, but he can stand to lose it.
Originally invested about 600 dollars.Thinking about buying some DNT next.
What else should I buy?
Fuck I dig the waves investment
G-gois, how much more LINK or REQ should I buy with the remaining 2 ETH?>updated pic
Am I deluded enough
1/2
Am I going to make it?
About to go all in on Ark
uhh.. what happened
how do you show percentage of holdings?
Ah I thought it would be in settings but it isn't
I regret PAY, i bought into it just through emotion rather than proper thought.
Im down like 40% on that one.
Investments that i followed and regret not getting into it was BCH at 300. i end up buying at a much higher price (500-600) when my plan was to buy at 300-320, but chickened out.My biggest earnings come from just buying and holding long term.
so PAY might turn into a winner eventually.
This year my biggest investments have been BCH (2.5-3x) and ETC(18x)My biggest loses have come from bitmex margin trades.
Im probably like -3 BTC on that.
Press the three dots in the upper right hand corner, then press "Show Percent Holdings"
how much free Arks do you get daily/weekly with that?
I get about 25 Ark per week.
you want to get rich or do you want to double your money in a couple month?
Van Joost here
Nah they are correct.
I own about 1-2k of moon potential (strat, lsk,rads,ubiq, etc) don't own top 10 currencys apart from bitcoin but slowly adding some
How do I change to percentage holdings
Will I make it?
Ayyyyyyye
See 
Feelsgoodmen bakka senpai
yes

help me spread out my btc
Can anyone spare a few 0.00000 btc?
14qZh3pTuK1ib2B2boXZx2qkS8hQ9QM8LP
4471024Looks like mine.
I'm guessing he bought LINK early and held.
Probably had a bunch of alts too when bitcoin pumped.
Last time I posted my blockfolio everyone said it was fake because numbers were round.
They are round cause I'm OC and always buy stuff in round numbers lmao.
retired on crypto life
put some in eth
44710034471003holy fuck, you fucked up son

anyone got any advice?About to pump 6k more fiat in but not sure where to park it.
Long term investments only tho.
Not looking to day trade
Easy
Mother fuckers who said invest in Ark and slr.
Send me .18 so I can have an even 2btc plz 1BwTytdcyk8qqzSZbjt4wJYrSXkDEaAzXPI don't think I'm gonna make it .
Never to be satisfied
holy fuck
Rate me
Is there even a single reason to hold this scam coin known as NEO anymore?
Dump it
Poor fag here.
Will I make it?
Nice one my man.
Wait do you guys leave your coins on an exchange?
Curious if anyone here legit has more than me
I too have odn bags.
My folio's a fucking mess.
Move out of the third world shithole you're in where the currency is whack
i do, but i dont have any blockfolio shit set up.
>When you check Blockfolio threads on /biz/ and not a single person has the coin you're all in on>nobody has the sleeper you're 10% in on, eitherI am become comfyuser of blankets
>had multiple opportunities to get btc under $5k>never went for it Welp.
Ark is unironically my only hope at making it at this point.
Opinions?