Im making cryptocurrencys on fiverr for 10 bucks, 90% of the people adding me is pajeets that want their own blockchain just to scam people, its fcking insane
 is pajeetsthe irony
We get it,hans.
Stop reposting the same thread
post screenies.
remember this thread from the other day

OP himself scammed people out of their cryptocurrencies with muh suicide bullshit>the fucking irony
Give me one good reason you haven't put all your money into POWR.
now you made me sad againi shipped them to everyone who contacted me after getting scammed stop bully :cwell since everyone knows its me anyway, i might aswell
What you did is gonna follow you everywhere, especially when you fucked up on the internet.
well, i try my best to make up for it.Saying it again, if anyone here who got scammed sees this, contact me and you get shit for free and a refund
MMAWe'll see... Plushiefag gonna die - wheels are in motion.Cap this post.
at first i was actually scared by comments like thisbut you see, i scammed people for 50$ at most, and i offer a full refund + free shit for everybody that just mails me back.Hard to belive some autist would spend even more in order to travel here and kill me instead of just wanting his money back and getting free shit
Dont worry plushfag, nobody here really hates you; its just a funny memeI was the anon who sent you 0.5 eth, you dont have to refund me, your threads were entertaining
You think this is about money?
You are very mistaken, my German friend.
It never was.
Thread carefully.
Can you elaborate on what it is then?Also, send me a email or this is larp.
You don't seem to understand.
We are many.
you dont seem to understand, anon
peoplecan i add your coins to shitcoinexchanges like tradesatoshit?
I also want my own cryptocurrency to scam people.Post contacts
Dude, fucking with 4chan is one of the worst mistakes you can make.
Especially when you have already been doxxed.
You scammed me out of some hard earned $$.
Please return some: 0x5a90b11f3f6cbfd2984c434db09c03e3a5475228
well you can trade them on etherdelta instantly, but never used tradesatoshi
post transaction where you sent me some, and you will get it back.
It was just 0.011 eth.0x5a90b11f3f6cbfd2984c434db09c03e3a5475228
post proof that you are white atleast i owe biz, but not if you are just a begging pajeet.
You owe me some money to, eh?
Fucking bitch, send it you fag pls tho vagine
we do not 4give.....>we do nutt 4get.....
JETZT WIRSTE EZADLA GEDOXXT
>does work for a mere $10>copy paste blockchain work>complains about pajeetsmy pajeet radar is blasting in 200db right now