You guys are just joking around about tracking your trades for taxes, r-right guys?
Not joking.
Check your local laws for capital gains tax or similar.Don't fuck with tax people unless you're a scientologist or something.
You don't need to.
Lets say you invest $5000 and you made $10000 profit and you cash that you, you need to pay a % of that profit you made.
t. a person who pays tax on crypto gains
>Any year that you have to report a capital asset transaction, you’ll need to prepare Form 8949 before filling out Schedule D unless an exception applies.
Form 8949 requires the details of each capital asset transaction.
For example, if you execute four separate stock trades during the year, some of the information you must report includes the name of the company to which the stock relates, the date you acquired and sold the stock, your purchase price (or adjusted basis) and the sales price.
Yes.
>don't declare capital gains >get charged for tax evasion>move all your assets into a longterm hodl>go to jail Why are you so worried?
just download your trade histories from the exchanges and give it your tax guy
poorfags dont need to worry
This.
Don't do it OP, tax is extortion.
Don't pay the mafia that calls itself government.
he's the 0.2% of coinbase users who pays tax
just use an non us exchange, then use bitcoin ATMwhat is the exact problem here?
Hey cracker we gonna be good friends right
Download trades from exchangeDoes Shapeshift and EtherDelta have a button for that?
This is true for USA and most other countries.In Germany, you are taxed on every transaction, not just income.
So you get boned much harder.
tfw german and didn't know this
>cashing outgood lord does /biz/ not actually see btc as a genuine currency?
why would i want to transfer back to a dying currency when more and more places are starting to accept btc as payment?
I'm in the UK, so fine for me...
those refugees aren't going to house themselves you know
Finanzamt won't give a fuck about below 10K.
if you hold crypto for over a year and then cash out you dont have to pay a cent
Pretty good advice, best post I've seen in this sub all day
Can't you go live in another country and tax out there?
After LINK and REQ make me rich I wanted to do this anyway
so when 1 btc is worth over 10k, what happens then?
oh shit
it is not allowed to move though.
so no trading.how about you never cash out.
in 1-2 year you will be able to pay with the top ten cryptos for sure
This tho desu even if it's not BTC why go back toa fucking debit card and mr fatcat bankster jew LOL
On the flipside, in D and Ö, if you hold for a year, you don't need to pay any taxes.
Americans don't have that.
not if you're an american...you're taxed on worldwide income.
also, you can't just go live in another country...that's what residency visas are for
Wait is this true?
How does this work?
download 400 pages of trades and give it to your tax guylol
do we not have to pay crypto tax?
If you made trades between cryptos you owe taxes even if you never touched USD.
In my country it's 35% on capital gains.
Fuck them I'm going to expat in 2018 and 2019 to a tax heaven before selling anything.
If you're American and made less than $37,950 then yeah, no long term capital gains tax.
I think you still have to report it though.
If you made over $37,950, you have to pay 15-20% capital gains tax.
What are they going to say, no?
They get paid for that.
keep it all in crypto, cash out the minimum to survive.
xx period of time later gz you are a multi millionaire you can do what the fuck you want
You still owe taxes if you pay for something using Crypto.
no pay tax on over year Crypto trades>This true?This is absolutely false.
if you report in and comply and actually fucked up the worst that can happen is they will guess the tax you owe generously
man that's sucks to be a burger fag
I'm not joking about it and do it for every trade.
I wont be going to prison like most of you fags.
I wont cash out until im a millionaire so... yeah.
anyone here has used bitcon.tax before?
TaxesWhat are they?
BTC isn't a currency any more.
No joke, you pay taxes.
Not until you cash out though.
I’m not cashing out this year anyway, might next year if My shit moons hard.
If that’s the case then I’ll be doing taxes in 2019, and we should have some more concrete laws on the books regarding cryptos
4526359I really really hope they dont flip this law, hope luck is on our side fellows
>living in a cucked countryyou deserve this, India №1
K anon-fag mode deactivated.Guys...you are fucking retarded if you arent tracking each trade.Cointracking.info and other sites (though I use this one and recommend it) will let you import automatically trade data via exchanges API, or you can import the trade history as an excel file, most if not all exchanges provide its option built in.Yes, made 30k profit in token, paying like 3k in capital gains.The site I mentioned even has a tax-export feature that automatically does teh tax part and lets you even import it into popular tax programs.Just write off a bunch of fake shit for your LLC and get it the money back in your tax return :)Yes, everyone should have a LLC even if they dont do shit with it.
EZ & fuck the government
Now you know why were actually told to hold faggotNow you know why day trading is an actual job and some part time shit you can do on the side while you neet it up irl
This, plus most "tax guys" just use programs to do it anyways
If I, let's say, Invest $1000 and trade, so that I have in the end $3000.
Sometimes I lost money, but most of the time I gained.
That means, if I have to pay 25% on gains I owe to the state:(3000-1000)*0.25 = 500 USD
The money you use to go to third world countries and be treated the way you do...
this is it.
period.
hurr durr every trade is taxed.
no it's not.
you are taxed on fiat profit only.
period.
PERIOD.
FUCKING PERIOD.
kys tax FUDers.
It is in Germany so all the autistic Teuton fucks have been spreading this nonsense around to a majority American website.
Claim that you lost everything due to bad tradesBuy MoneroProfit
what if you just hold a lot of assests long term.
esepcially after the alt all moon.
occasionally cashing out at atms for a lil me time
American majority website ftfy
jokes on you I have 0 profit.
Rip $30k though
Bitcoin is unusable as a currency.
True if you're living in Germany.
why is she wearing heels when she's at home?
this entire tax thing is fucked up big timeaccording to recent IRS guidelines the following situation is possible>you bought btc back in the day cheap and now it's worth $300k, you put all that btc into a shitcoin that crashes to 0, you still owe 20% or so of that 300k to the IRS fucks because>hurr you realized your gain by buying a different coinso in order to noe get cucked you are FORCED to sell that shitcoin at a total loss to REALIZE THE LOSS so you don't owe any taxesit's fucking retarded, you'll have people selling at a loss on december 31st to realize their losses just to buy it back 1 day later.
Also good luck tracking not only the trades but also all the wallet transfers because>hurr durr how did you end up having this btc on that exchange etcthose fucking dinosaurs from IRS need to wake the fuck up if they want to have any tax payers
In Switzerland we dont have that jewish capital gains tax.
Enjoy getting milked by your shitty government
Source on that?t.
Ö-Fag
>transfer bitcoin to monero>make 10 monero wallets>cycle money through them>shapeshift to bitcoin>localbitcoins to cash>pay all bills in cash but let paychecks from job accumulate in bank without touching itIf you're ever asked, no one can prove that you have sold your crypto.
I track every trade because of my autism.
Having a record for the taxman was just a bonus.
I have made one trade in cryptocurrency.
A large buy order.
thisbut if you ever make it big, and want to buy real estate with your btc that you couldn't afford with your regular jobs, there is no other way around than paying the jewtax unfortunately
Holy fuck my sides
Literal cuckolds itt
Erfolgt hingegen keine zinstragende Veranlagung, sind Kryptowährungen als Spekulationsgeschäft gemäß § 31 EStG dann steuerrelevant, wenn der Zeitraum zwischen Anschaffung und Veräußerung nicht mehr als ein Jahr beträgt.
https://www.bmf.gv.at/steuern/kryptowaehrung_Besteuerung.htmlnicht mal nur ansatzweise hausaufgaben gemacht?
Simple yeah.
It’s a bitch having to send every single trade though.
Assuming you don't make it really big, you could get a mortgage within your means and still do the same, assuming that the interest you pay on the mortgage is less than the tax.
But yeah, unless the lambo dealer starts accepting btc we're sol.
Still, that's what I'd call a "good problem".
(also this is pure conjecture on my part.
I've never done any of this so if you get your door kicked in by the feds it's your own damn fault.)
Danke vielmals, hatte die Page mal überflogen und hab das wohl übersehen.