 is only 5.5 weeks away>Told myself back in January that I'd kill myself If I haven't made it by the end of the year>tfw still haven't made it
Don't kill your self, OP.Buy BCH instead.
If you're  and you still haven't made it don't worry.
When you hit 30 and you're a virgin, and you didn't make it, then you kill yourself.
Thank goodness you're a loser yet anon, there's still time.
same result
If you buy Ark before the mobile wallets are out, you still have a chance of a quick x3.
Guess you'll have to go through with it.
A promise is a promise.
I just made it FamalamHit $100K a couple days agobut still this empty feeling looms me
is $100K "making it"?
K USD is absolutely "Making it" in the United Soviet province of Ontario
I finally hit 6 figures at 20It is if you're setting a goal to hit $1 mill by 21
not reaching 1 mill at 16A real shame
If your plan is to kill yourself you should buy dogethat is if a 10x will put you in the "made it' bracket
if you have to ask, you haven't made it
there really needs to be a different board for people who have over like 250k +tired of pajeets and poorfags desu
Buy POWR in this dip and you will be fine OP.
If you don't that my advice on this then take this other advice I give.
Use a suicide bag.
Much nicer than any other method.
30 < = Greater than.The crocodile eats the bigger number :D
What the hell is wrong with you?
It's AWESOME that you didn't make it.
You know why?
You still have a challenge in front of you.Imagine how bored you would be if you could make it without effort.
The effort and the road makes it the most fun.Think back of all the times you made it.
Even small stuff.
Remember the time you made those little things happen?
Remember that the results are not the most memorable, but the challenges on the way were the most valuable times of your life?That's the key man.
One day you're gonna look back at this moment and think: "I wish the challenge lasted longer".
And thank god it's taking you longer so you can enjoy the challenge.
Say thank you life for giving me a hard fucking time.
Say fuck you life, I'm changing the rules.When life gives you lemons, take those lemons and smash life's face until citric acid runs through his eyes.
Fuck him up.Now go fuck life up faggot.
Uh no you’re a fucking retard
Afraid so.
It is clearly a crocodile.
the bigger number is 30 faggot
Don't worry OP, 5 weeks is an eternity in this world.
You could have 10x your money in like one week if you rode NEO and then POWR moon missions.
You could still get lucky
kill you're selve
Wait until January-February.
The dollar is on its last legs.
It will take down many other currencies as well.
Once old money gets fucked ppl will move to crypto and metals.
This will increase their value.
Just sit on yor ass fgt
people honestly believe this
I want to see the face of the kind of person that says this dribble
don't feel bad bro,I'm going to be homeless because i lost everything.Then when i thought i could pull through selling some ico tokens i had.. i got fucking robbed for them.true story, i can't afford to eat, i can't afford to pay my rent and loan repayments.
oh yeh did i mention i got a loan for crypto?
i;m fucked.
You're fine OP... Be fucking happy bro, don't be suicidal.
that just wrecks families and friends for life.
i know from experience.You can still make it OP.
even if you don't, forget crypto for a while and enjoy life bro
4518572rekt