Who here getting ultra-JUST'd by pic related?
Buy the dip.
Kek....
Im prayin it goes back up.
But why?
Why the fuck is it tanking.
Its got great fundamentals and is actually a real product.I liquidated a bunch of my other coins for it (Bancor, Ripple and BCC)I mean those coins suck ass and my Iota, Lisk and Qtum are keeping me afloat but this fucking coin shouldnt be crashing
My thoughts too.
But that's a problem with crypto, hype sells, not products.
I think it will have its day in the sun soon enoughFor now I'll just buy more
Yep.
Put in 0.7 btc at around 1800.Fully expected to cash out at least 1btc from it pretty soon.
Looks like I'll be waiting a bit longer, but it'll happen.
Yeah its .10 cents now... bought in around 12...
I predict .50 cents end of January and $1-2 by April when it goes live
new development is made public by dev team>creates hype>buy orders outnumber the sell orders>price goes up, until equilibrium is reached>hype goes down + external factors (always bitcoin)>buy pressure completely gone>price can only go down now>repeattldr: buy the dip sell the news and all that shite
I warned you shitters in half of every ripio thread.
It won't do much before April.
Learn to read roadmaps.
April will be here before you know it
mei have 30% in RCN
Real, high powered credit projects are coming to the blockchain soon, including Bloom.ioDo not be caught with any exposure to these shit projects when they get blasted by competent competitors in the coming months
HAHAHAHAHDude I just looked up bloom.
First of all, the advisors are manlets and women who none look old enough to own a house.Second of all this is vaporware with no real experience in credit lendingRipio already has 100,000 people using their services and is a known entity with actual credentials.Haha holy fuck dude, thanks, I needed that.
Also bloom doesnt do credit lending it does credit scoring.
Which is fucking stupid and useless
In the meanwhile this coin will lose a nice 40% on its BTC value, HODL is the biggest meme of cryptos.
Whats a good amount of RCN to hold I am looking to buy the dip