EXIT ALL ALTS
W-why aren't they dropping
cause they didn't recover in the first place and don't really have much more room to drop.I feel like everyones already made their decision of whether their all in alts or btc for this fork shit already
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH RUNNNN
NOOOOO AHHHHHHHHHHH
korea waking up ?
ITS FUCKING NOT STOPPIN
feckk off ... they can't drop any further ...
upupup
you faggots have less than 1 hr to exit all alts, especially u linkmarines.
u can keep saying it but alts nowhere really to dump
SCREENCAPED LUL ON SUICIDE WATCH HEHE LINKMARINE
I'M NOT GETTING OUT OF ALTS, FUCK YOU BITCOIN USELESS PIECE OF SHIT, BITCOIN IS THE NORMIE SHITCOIN REMEMBER THAT FAGGOTS, EVERYTIME YOU BUY A BITCOIN A FUCKING CHAD GETS MORE MONEY AND FUCKS YOU OVER AGAIN.
my can didn't dump even a little since btc pump it has nowhere to dump actually
It is okay anon.
hodl ur 15 bucks is probably the best idea for you :L
everyones bagholding it would be dumb to exit
don't worry i know what i'm doing it's not new for me.
u can't scare experienced trader to get out when he should hodl.
>We're going to 6k they said
Chad herekeep buying, thanks spergies
Your alty asses are too good to just stop fucking now.
Don't struggle.
It'll only make you bleed more.
Korea is awake and buying the dip
ahhhhhhhhhhh shit btc falling, get back to alts now!!!!!!
BITCOIN IS GOING TO DROP LIKE A ROCK BY APPROX THIS TIME NEXT WEEKSCREENSHOT THIS POST
Look at that fucking volume.
Alties, it's fucking over.
Get on the winning team while there is still time.
Saw the spike and sold immediately>Picked up some dirt cheap bags of LSK and XLM from panic sellersFeels good, I'm usually too late.
bitcoin is going to drop after forkNo shit?
Say that to my fucking face

RIP LINK marines.2017 - 2017
AAAAA I JUST BOUGHT SOME ALTS
the risining
>mfw leveraging up all my lunch money
Hail Based Terry.
When he is releasing his own crypto written in TempleOS?
I'd FOMO buy the fuck out of that in support of running over CIA niggers in a car.
hes on the run right now, quite preoccupied
for real?
heart goes out to based terry.
give 'em hell Terry, never give up, never surrender!
GOAT mugshot
4242926hes doing good so far.
living off the land.http://www.templeos.org/Videos/SkinnyDip.MP4he put this up yesterday
4242849holy shit, it's legithttps://secure3.lasvegasnevada.gov/ewarrantlookup/wanted_poster.aspx?HistNo=1000379&CaseNo=%27C1180047A%27
Wow another nothingburger bitcoin "crash", imagine my shock.
God Bless.
Prayers go out to the madman.
He may not be the hero we deserve, but he's the hero we need.
And so the CIA Niggers will chase him, because he can take it.
made this for the occasion
42428494242952He was arrested very recently, right now in prison in NV iirc.
you sure?these vids are less than 24 hours oldhttp://www.templeos.org/Videos/
Thread from ~9 hours ago, didnt look too closely to the thread but someone showed that he is in the inmate registry>>>/g/63263402
that threadmost of the people there seems to be celebrating him being arrested means "one less dangerous racist off the streets"what happened to /g/?
his last photo
it's disgusting isn't it?
$10k BTC hammer coming towards ALTs.EXIT or REEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
>exit all altsno way
Generate more tethers.
get fucked by fees >more chance of a shitty trade >miss out on a potential rocket >sell order @ 3%JUST
Goddamn CIA niggers
No point in buying back into BTC unless you bought at the dip because it will crash soon anyways
ALTS hit bottom + BTC can't break 7600 = no new money
reeeeee you told me institutional money will prop it to 10k
institutional moneyplushpepe.jpg
this.
time to sell your alts was weeks ago, when all the cuck money was still there.
currently 99% of cuck money has moved to btc, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to know what's going to happen next.
new money will come for sure but it need to crash or correction first
If by "institutional money" you mean Tether, you're right.
i find it hilarious that bitcoin maximalists actually think that institutional money is going to buy a volatile asset at ATH.
Are we getting to 8000 today?
They will if they don't have a choice.
Only 1800 bitcoins are made per day.
People keep forgetting the super low supply that bitcoin has
This.
I mean they would have to be completely retarded to do that.
me too, famalam.
me too.especially right before that head and shoulders ATHthat was some funny shit
they don't have a choice...don't make me laugh.
the only reason why the big guys want to get in on bitcoin is because it's easy money....if you play it right.
buying at ATH is the opposite of playing it right.
it's possible they're riding the waves right now, up until the hardfork though.
I predicted max 7.5k for today with my 2 hours TA experience
you don't have to be a rocket scientist to know what's going to happen next.Yeah it is going to go up to its ATH then crash as the fork hits.
Salty Dutch faggot.
Take your meds, psycho.
LTC is going up, tooonly my ETH is falling, but i don't have much in it.
feels good to just sit back and watch my money grow!
this.
never sell BTC unless you have to or want to get out.
CIA niggers got him :(
BTC is going to crash soon.
Don't say you weren't warned.
Looks like 10k is back on the menu boys.
What happens when btc doesn't crash or dump terribly after the fork?
lold, underrated post
It's not.
It will drop temporarily than reach ATH
DO I BUY THE TIP OR WILL IT DIP
k bitcoin?
its gonna be 8k nex week
its already 7.5kshould of bought yesterday
Only 1800 bitcoins are made per day.$12 million a day in additional buying to stay even.
"super low supply".
Anybody that thinks it's actually going to crash soon needs to off themselves for the good of society.
>tfw bought monday
BUY THE DIPSELL THE TIPEITHER WAYFACES GET RIP'D
he got memed into buying powerledger at athkek, i actually thought about this yesterday