>ChainLink connects to swift bank transfers at $1 trillion/day>ChainLink connects the entire phone grid and internet>ChainLink has just come out to be the official world currency >Price dumps by 2 cents.
Crazy right?
all that stuff is /priced in already/
Yeah.
It would definitely dump harder than that.
How dare you use my smug anime?
At this point I’m half convinced there’s a whale that enjoys torturing biz for the memes via price action domination
green ID>dubsJust hold and your patience will be rewarded.I have read a few times on here people saying stuff like "I know LINK will never moon because then it would make me rich and nothing good ever happens to me".
But 10x moon missions have happened before and will happen again before this bubble bursts.
Loser NEETs made bank on ETH and ANS.
They were shilled for weeks and eventually came good.
The LINK interest/shilling has a ver similar feel (it also has industry backing and a wide range of use cases but the memes are what's important)You and everyone who holds LINK will be rewarded
His name is Sergey and suffering gives him joy.
I have read a few times on here people saying stuff like "I know LINK will never moon because then it would make me rich and nothing good ever happens to me".It will moon after they sell
The stubborn refusal of /biz/ holders to sell is preventing a moon>The hands are so strong that they tether Link to the earth
ChainLink partners with biggest banking institutions in the world>Sergey doesn't ever mention it because muh NDA and muh product will speak for itself>Price dumps below ICO
Thing with LINK is, I know if I had gone into ETH in 2015 or 2016, I would have sold at $10 TOPS.I think the smart move is the usual: don't put money into crypto you cannot afford to lose.
Project is looking solid?
= Hodl for around 2 years.LINK smells like it can get from current to 2 billion market cap in one month.
Then 10 billion in six months.
When?
That is the question.
I'm very strongly inclined to believe that unironically desuI have half a mind to just sell it all, maybe it'll give others a chance, because clearly it's not going anywhere while I own any appreciable amount
A better move is to sell in percentages.
After a 2-3x just take your initial investment and put it elsewhere.
Rest is pure profit.
except eth had competent devs
... unlike the guys who just did a demo for Swift?