Bitcoin is the king of the cryptocurrency market, not only due to it's dominant market share (which is right now sitting at 53.1%) but also due to it's very nature.A mysterious aura surrounds Bitcoin.
The mystery surrounding it's inception gives it an almost divine presence.
It pioneered a revolution.
A revolution of creative and innovative solutions towards problems which have never been seen before.
It has undeniably paved the way for every other cryptocurrency to emerge and flourish.
In the stock market, there are four factors which can alter the price of a share: supply, demand, news and sentiment.
These four factors have already led to the drastic increase in price of a single Bitcoin, but this is nothing compared to what the future holds.The supply of Bitcoin is limited.
Very limited in fact, so much so that currently owning one Bitcoin ranks you in the top 0.22% of the world.
It is a scarce resource, and people will be willing to pay a premium just to acquire some.
And what happens as the population of the world increases, decentralized digital currencies become more popular, and the demand for owning even a fraction of these coins increases?
You guessed it, the prices will continue to surge.
Humans are designed to seek that which is out of their reach, just as a child wants to play with a toy on the top shelf.
Relative to the rest of the world, we are early adopters.
In the foreseeable future, owning even a single Bitcoin will be a status symbol.
The mainstream media will continue to negate Bitcoin, and the threats are imminent.
Use this, however, as an opportunity to buy Bitcoin at a discount.
Don't react to the news that Bitcoin is dead; respond to it rationally.
If you see everyone jumping off the ship, don't do so out of instinct.
Analyse the situation and take the appropriate course of action.
Keep in mind that the large news corporations are owned by a select few and they have their own political agendas to push.
Until they actualize their own need to understand the currency of the future, ignore them.
Listen to what everyone has to say, and then make your own decisions.The sentiment towards Bitcoin is that it is invulnerable.
And in the long-term, this is most likely correct.
The coin has increased by 851.82% in the past year, and I firmly believe that it is undervalued based on its potential.
It's growth alone outshines any investments in the securities or bond markets, which is appealing to investors.
If you live in the first world, you'll start to notice how prominent the Bitcoin logo is appearing in the modern world.
Or you might have even heard strangers discussing it's ridiculous growth in the past few months, something that would have been unheard of a few years ago.
When you say a "single Bitcoin", do you mean Bitcoin Gold, Bitcoin Core, Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Silver, etc?
Predictions: In the next six months, I anticipate that Bitcoin will reach $10,000 USD.
Screencap this if you'd like, but this is a tame estimate of it's true value.
While I definitely believe that the price won't increase by another 851.82% next year and soar above $50,000 USD, it will eventually reach that price in the future.
How soon, however, I cannot tell you exactly.
Strategy: Own at least some Bitcoin.
It is more than likely the coin that enticed you into the market in the first place.
Even though it may swing uncontrollably at times, store your feelings of greed and fear in a vault because you're in this for the long haul.
While it may be tempting to check your Blockfolio thirty times a day, resist the urge to do so.
Work, exercise, spend time with family and friends and live your life.
Your wealth will amass over time with patience.
If the market does crash (which it has and will in the future), become an opportunist and capitalize on it.
Most importantly, don't focus on what you could have bought it for.
Focus on what it could be sold for in the future.
I bought in at $4,158 USD back in August.
Knowing that a $12,500 investment could be worth $30,000 in less than a year is comforting.
Always look forward.
Buying it at $6,700 is cheap compared to what it could be in the future.I'll be posting these insights weekly.
If you'd like to show some support by tipping some Bitcoin, it would be much appreciated: 1HLw9yr1rNX5ZDetTkaxdYWrhyLHwj2ExkNext week: Ethereum.
Just a plain and ordinary Bitcoin.
Think of hard forks as advantageous to the long-term growth of Bitcoin.