Best place to find angel investors online?
I'm looking to raise 25k.
I also wouldn't mind feedback on my elevator pitch.
Rule 1: Don't ask here.
Pitch it already retarded faggot, do you want us to ask you to pitch?
lol, okay.https://trello.com/b/Y1KRSwSh/gloetech
>The product I plan on releasing is in an established but newer toy industry, our product is set to revolutionize this industry with unparalleled features, this industry is called gloving and it involves putting specialized leds into the finger tips of a glove on your hand and giving people lightshows with them, it is a large and growing scene between the ages of 13 to 28.
For the last three years my team and I have created four different prototypes striving to create the ultimate lightshow product and we have finally achieved that goal.HOLY FUCKING SHIT
>I recommend you watch this video of our main competitior on Shark tank, it gives alot of good info on what our industry is about>We only need to only capture 1% of this market to earn 300k a year, this is aiming rather low and not what we intend.HOLY FUCKYOU MADE MY FUCKING DAY
Damn, that bad... What else?....
where are you guys based.
I do have $25k to throw away but i'd never give it away online
What should I change?
Do you think we at least have a solid product?
Lol gloving
I'm based in Huntington beach, CA.We could meet in person still even if you are far.
Do a buy 20 pingers get 1 glove set free deal or something
Here is my email if anyone is interested in investing and wants to talk more.gloetechdev@gmail.com
I'm north of sacramento.
wouldn't be too difficult.
I don't think I'm ready but I'm bookmarking your page.
Keep looking as i dont want to hold you back.
Low probability of me making a move but i think you're probably on to something.
this is so gay
https://trello.com/b/Y1KRSwSh/gloetechWhy do you need a driver chip on the tip of every finger in the day of individually addressable LED's?This seems like over engineering something that should be fidget spinner tier.
Actually seems pretty promising, looks like you have done your homework.I'll send you an email.
Sounds good, thanks.
Reduces cost, also we are removing it from final design and putting everything in the LED's themselves.
This seems like a good idea.
Only $25,000?
Just pitch it to a bank
Just do an ICO, tokens redeemable for discounts/free products at a later stage