BTC is going to make us rich.
BTC isn't even a household name yet but is increasing in popularity in Google searches and "normies" are only just beginning to learn what it is.We are the 1% boys.
Lets fuck this shit up.
ETH also increasing in popularity on Google trends.
Ready to rocket now.
Buy ETH if you want to go to the moon.
You're probably memeing, but BTC and ETH are the only safe, reliable long term investments.
Shitcoins are too volatile and too prone to pumps/dumps for any real money to be made.Buy some BTC, hold it, and watch the money come in.
etheriumso much for calling out normies
It's literally on the Big Bang Theory, the most popular show in America in 2 weeks.
That is peak normie.
the most popular show in AmericaThis is false.
>had 8 BTC a couple months ago>down to 2 btc if I'm lucky after going all in on altss-should i just fucking sell and be thankful i have 2 btc?
That is just me refreshing coinmarketcap in Google every 2 minutes
It was mentioned on the Simpsons years ago.Krusty the clown says he lost all his money on a Bitcoin investment
Thats just the beggining faggot
Krusty the clown says he lost all his money on a Bitcoin investmenthe should have hodled
I'm waiting for a breakout before I buy eth
sell your alts while btc is going up,
Yeah but back then it was a passing joke, now it's the main plot point.
Hold rtard.
You are clearly unfit to trade.
Yes you should definitely hold BTC.
At the same time be aware that BTC is a dinosaur technologically and first-mover advantage doesn't last forever.
Eventually something will takes its place, just try and know when it's happening to maximize gains.
Luckily an actual flippening will be an overall slow process, so you should have time whenever it does occur
Yeah anon, don't you know the famous biz strategy: buy high, sell low.
It's called trend following and it actually works in crypto today despite the fact that it sounds retarded.
It probably only works in crypto because it's such a young and emotional market.
how do I start?
it require 150GB of space, wtf my macbook doesn't have enough space
Has any of you used ethereum?I love bitcoin ideal and all but it's really getting to the "dinosaur tech" fase, ethereum gets 30 confimations in 10min and fees are reaaaally lowso what's the deal?is eth held back by Vitalik's autism or is it because it dosen't have a total amount of coins?
I only buy alts with ETH... tried buying some iota with BTC - by the time the BTC moved from one wallet to another, the iota price had already jumped 10 cents
ETH isn't designed to be used as a transaction currency.
It's uses go beyond that and if it ever got absurdly expensive it wouldn't actually be used for them.
Some other alt designed to be a currency will take BTC's place
it works like a currency, why not use it as such?it's like currency 4.0 (1 is gold, 2 is fiat, 3 is BTC)
4468068also, BTC isn't designed to be a reserve of value, yet everyone claims it is nowthis, I can feel the flippening now.
people only hold BTC because of the normie (or tether) influx on priceit's basically a ponzi by nowwho would have thought... myself calling BTC a ponzi... what has it become
Because then all the things built around ETH would get fucked
Electrum
Is btc coming down from 8k?
Everyone said it would dip after the fork...
I find it absolutely amazing.
Bitcoin is the first ponzi bubble were people KNOW there is no underlying asset Yet they buy it anyway.At least Madoff didn't openly advertise he didn't actually have anything.
is this shit safe?
I just registered on BCC
how so?
It already did.
It was mid ~5000s just over a week ago.
Now strap in for 10k.
is there any program that simulate on real time with fake money?
https://tradeoff.com/
kek
etherium...
It being smart contracts is actually very important to it's value.
Once you can have contracts be verified with a blockchain, that opens up every aspect of human society to be blockchained.
Society is just a series of contracts between people, governments included.
Imagine if a DAO was a president
I think this is the correct path.
There's no way I'm buying BTC at $8000.
so the smartest investment is ETH/LINK?things that have a real world use and not the "digital gold"
I have 0.01 BTC I bought for $11 years ago.
What is the highest amount you guys reckon I could make back on it?
It's kind of breaking out now.
At $365 already.
daaamn, should have put more money
I almost bought $50 worth.
I'm so angry I didn't!
You're not missing the point.
It's not there.
Any cryptocurrency that is not in circulation is shit.
The moment deflation kicks in, circulation stops.
This will not end well.
The money is already out of the system.
So the bubble is already set waiting to be triggered.
Highly volatile cryto market = safe, reliable and long term.You're a stock market brokers wet dream.
I had 3btc a month agoI started with around 1btc but didn't want to sell 'low' at 2.5btcnow I have fucking 0.5btcI took out a loan near the top and now I'm forced to sell some at ATLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
It actually isn't.
Gold was the first Ponzi bubble
Wait for the correction to buy.
This shit needs a heavy correction.
It's been going parabolic all year with hardly any pullback.
4469237that doesn't make sensedo you know what a ponzi scheme is?
Yes.
Tell me what the underlying value of Gold is.
increasingly nervous Nocoiner says for the fourth time this year
Everyone agreed it was valuable?Oh wait...
Some Shit is happeningUnresolved transfers up from 21000 to 32000 in 1 hour.. Fees exploding- bitcoin breaks 8000Prepare for some crazy shit!
BTC is going to make us richsell the greed
This.
XMR is pretty solid too, except the govt ban FUD is real