...I-It’s going to go up, right?
I don't know anon, I ask myself everyday if I am retarded for holding about 1BTC worth of this sucker while it keeps doing fucking nothing and all other things increase.
Aw yeah looks like someone is holding coins used to talk on a messenger app hahahaha
If my ID is yellow and starts with “H+”, then ODN will reach $3 by January.
Oh shit
CONFIRMED
How u do dat nigga
I'm pretty sure you deleted an earlier post somewhere in this thread so you can see ur ID
Probably is retarded, but I'm holding mine till after the app release in December
Wtf
Watch now as the guy that posts the trump/moonman/comfy guy comes in saying "le feeling comfy with my 232359436 masternodes guys xDDDDD"Shit's dead.
Holding till $10, not kidding.
Let me have 1 semblance of happiness.
haters gonna hatepatient holders gonna win
did you actually fall for this meme?
I'm out.
Fuck this.
Dunno, I doubt this shit drops lower.
I won't sell low.
Eventually even this will pump and relieve me of my bags.
Should've dumped at 29 cents a couple of days ago
when will you dumbasses learnI dumped my load at 18.5k and 21k, if something 5x's obviously it's gonna dump hard.thanks for the ~5btc profit (put in roughly 1btc worth of eth in the ICO)
wow amazing you are a SAVAGE
Make post.
Note ID.
Delete post.
Repost as Nostradamus.
Obsidian relaunch on December 4th.
New improved White Paper, New Website, New Design, New Content & Updates.
December is going to be a big month for ODN.Easy $5 by EOY.
All the weak hands have left.
We all know what happened with the NEO rebrand.
This.
Hmm.. thanks for the tip.
i'm still concerned about the team's competency but might throw some bucks in this.Got any saucies on this news?
I'm just gonna wait till this is /biz/'s memecoin of the week again so I can dump my bags
Hurr durr meme coinThis coin actually has a legit use case.
If you just wanna treat it like a PnD, fine, but long term holders will win the most in the end.
https://obsidianplatform.com/bloghttps://twitter.com/obsidiancrypto?lang=da
let's try this
I was active in the slack for a while.
I eventuslly sold it all and never looked back.
The idea might be valuable, but I guarantee this development team doesn't get it done.
It's a joke and will go to zero satoshi , sooner rather than later .
zero satoshi >swear to god, no exaggeration.
there are people who bought ODN and sold at a loss.
a brand new coin.
sold.
at a loss.
just don't be an impatient fuck and you're good.