Website is ready Energy drinks are in production 1 more item I wish i had a 3d printer chainlink Toiletstone
What the fuck
gonna love it, send link faggot
Nah i am gonna open an offical thread around the same time tomorow For everyone who wants to know what this is; christmas packages for bizlers For every anon that buys one; one will be sent to a random biz bro that signed up
Where can I buy / sign up?
Looks awesome.
But please no rapist transport fees for eurocucks like /liz/tard
chances are good OP is from Germany or Austria
this shit is cringy as fuck
thats great anonput some pink wojak stickers in there for me to wear.
im a stupid LINKie
Yeah realised after I posted.
I actually had yogurethen before man
Not buying one unless we use Confido as escrow
PLUSHTARD scammed us all with this same premise
Made a whole website explaining everything I designes it like a ICO even with a token for it; but im probly gonna make a side option where you can buy with paypal
plushtard was german>this is german toothis is the plushtard enjoy getting scammed again
holy shit what a meme merchanthere is a protip.Send a copy of the rarest pepe book to "Ice Poseidon" with a small not about your website and he will probably open that shit on stream.Easy advertising to about 5k people who suck up memes
LINK TO WEBSITE YOU FAGGOT
Great idea People can stick them all over their face when link crashes even more
Like i wanna buy this with crypto but I know OP is PLUSHTARD trying to scam me againThis is why we fucking need Confido
did that fucker seriously scam people
4399284Gee whizIts almost like there are 80 million people in germanyIts not finished yet and dont want to release it unfinished
and then SWAT that giant nose
Yes for 2.5k
Please dont fud my project before it starts already; i never used confido but if i put it seperately into ebay for people like you, it should be fine, correct?
Wait, what?
I thought he wanted to get paid in LINK, so people did not lose anything worth anyway.
linkies btfo again
Yes, use eBay or something, because otherwise there is no buyer - seller protection.
Some crypto might have a good premise for this, but avoid actually using cryptocurrencies in real life.
It is pain.
now that's a protip 
Second post today mentioning 3D printers, the day i just bought a 3D printer.
I really am in the Matrix arent I?
Shoo shoo shill