How do you guys keep yourselves from telling others about your gains?>tfw over $40k in cryptos and trying hard to keep it to myself
By not making any gains
Lol, I decided for myself to not tell anyone irl about me starting to trade in cryptocurrency, but I just can't contain myself really.
by trying really hard to keep it a secret then slowly but surely blabbing it to everyone especially while drunk thus making my friends jealous and hate me
this
Convince yourself bragging will lose you money
just try to tell someone about it and you'll see what happens.
The apparent need you have to do it suddenly disappears
Tell peopleStop being a faggot with your secret club mentatlityWe'll all make more money if you encourage normies to buy crypto
just try to tell someone about it and you'll see what happens.Everyone will find out and I'll get robbed?
Your friends will get jealous and hate you or start asking if you'll lend them money.
Or they'll ask you for financial advice and when they lose money they blame it on you.
this
Don't do it.
It won't have a good outcome.
Average person is absolutely terrible with money.
Think about how much it costs to live the average life you have now, that cost won't change when you have 1 mil in the bank, but people still find a way to waste all their cash.
When you ever get the urge to tell someone just remember how retarded they are with their money
just be humble and casual about it, dont be an autistic retard
I talk about investing with my friends from time to time.It's mostly about me getting JUST'd
I can tell you've never had money...most of the people who joined the crypto boom early haven't.Simply live your life how you would, and don't think of it as anything more than a means of enjoying the things you enjoy even more.
I've learned that if you speak about your gains to other people, it is not uncommon for them to treat you different afterwards.
Whether that is worse due to deep down jealousy because they know they could have achieved the same, but didn't have the courage or initiative to try.
You also get people who suddenly treat you nice and show favoritism, because they think being artificially nice to you will make you "owe" them something.
It's just as bad as being treated badly, as it is all a facade to how things really are.
Keep those perspectives in mind and be aware of how people react, IF you choose to announce your wealth.Keep an eye out for people who are genuinely happy for your success, and take inspiration to think that they can make it also.
It's those people who I appreciate the most and genuinely take care of as far as answering any questions they have and teaching them any information I know that could help them on their journey.You wear a lot of hats in this life, anon.
Don't forget to stop and smell the roses.
Money is nice, but time is priceless.
I got into crypto because my friend lost 500 bucks and cried for an hour.made 3k so far and I haven't told him.
Don't do it.
It won't have a good outcome.
Average person is absolutely terrible with money.This.Most of my friends a) don't have any money and b) would lose it very quickly if they got into crypto.My friends who aren't stuttering potheads aren't interested in crypto because they see it as risky/don't want to admit they've missed out/don't trust me.Getting into crypto could very well blow up in their faces and I don't want to be responsible for that.
Saved this post.
>spend whole day researching the crypto market, making trades, reading whitepapers etc.>people ask me what I do in my freetime>have no other interests and just say „nothing“>friends treat me like shit because they assume I only leech money from my parentsOnce I made 7k in a day and told a „friend“, he suddenly started to behave different and then cut contact for unknown reasons.
once i had over 250k i told my immediate family.
over 400k it slipped to a friend or two.now im back to 350k and just keep my mouth shut about gains lol.
kso...a year of minimum wagelol
I told my partner but now they nag all the time about how much I have made a day.
It's not like im doing other things on my pc or anything why do you only care about my GAINS.Protip don't tell anyone, else all youll look like to them is an atm that prints money.
I'm sitting on $10MM in crypto.
You just don't talk about it directly.
If you're friends with smart people they'll all be pulling $150k-$250k+ a few years out of college.You can live their type of lifestyle without them being unable to connect.
Naturally you're doing more, but each individual thing you do isn't out of their reach.
Yeah you don't work but you keep yourself busy.It gets rough being around total normies who just don't GET the idea of people being financially independent before they're old.
But that doesn't happen all too often so it's just amusing.
10MM, >is still browsing an asian cardbox making site.
normie here, never got into crypto, what would be a smart investement and also how do i read up about it?
doubt that
I have over $100k BTC but I dont brag because I know that if I wanted to buy a property the taxes would rape me to below 6 figures again.When its worth 2 million in 5 years I will have to tell because it will be obvious as I buy a house and a lambo.
just brag on biz.
They'll just call you a larper.
BUT YOU KNOW DA TROOF