Here me out biz.I've been thinking about all of this.
What if we're so early in on this shit, that we're all going to make it.
We're on the verge of Web 3.0 and not a single fucking normie has any idea of what's ahead of them.
They have no idea how important blockchain technology will become.The hardest part for any new technology based on a new platform is funding.
Tokens are an ingenious way for startups to get funding in this space.
They have all the funding they need.
Building the platform is the easy bit if you have the funding.
I've worked in development for a long time.
Seen companies with great ideas come and go.
What killed them?
Fucking lack of funding from fucking normies with zero vision.
Normies kill innovation because they can't fucking grasp the gravity of an idea like blockchain.
We've been given direct access to fund the greatest tech revolution since tcp/ip without interference from those who stifle revolutionary ideas and we're doing it without them even fucking knowing.What if bitcoin becomes the new gold.
A way for the everyman to store value for retirement outside of thieving pension funds.What if bitcoin cash and litecoin both battle it out for king of everyday transactions.What if Monero is the safest way to buy drugs ever conceived.What if both Ripple and Swift powered by Chainlink both revolutionize cross-border payments.What if REQ and OMG are how you buy your groceries.
Competition is good and it breeds innovation and there's room for a fuck ton of competition in payments.What if your wordpress site runs on AWS, Azure or iexec.What if every shitcoin with a great fucking idea that gets beyond a whitepaper and PoC actually fucking makes it.There will be 10 years of highs and lows.
Consider this the next time you lose your shit over a 20% loss on a shitcoin or you get bch fomo because btc drops 5% - we're in the 80s/90s of crypto and the 00s are coming for the brand new fucking Web.
And you're here biz.
You're in.
You made it.
I like your optimism OPHowever, it's unrealistic.
Even if the bulk of what you say is true, the fact is a LOT of these shitcoins are going to fail (for example SIA and Reddcoin).The ones that make it though will be glorious.
What's wrong with sia?
Aside from immaturity.