GAINZ edition--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
Get your pink wojaks out
Where is everyone?
Sleeping, you how NEETs are.
Sitting with my ROKU Nov 24 30 PUTsGot them at 0.55, the only question is if I'll make 300% or 600%
Getting ready for another down day.
I should have just stuck to crypto.
W-what do we do with our AMRS positions lads?
Buy PTNIt'll be a safe 1.5% today.Other markets are crashing.
Where is the UVXY anon?
The market looks like it's about to shit the bed.
Kek I love these new wojacks
>unironically buying stockslmao
I'm confused too.
I'm selling fuck this shit.
$MOSY passing the moon
What's going on with the market?
Set stop losses outside of support lines for everything I could, just in case.Selling AMRS at open, 20% loss.
trying to shit on a board which has been here longer then about 99% of cryptotards.
FUCK IT DID
You gotta pay the gains toll if you want to get in the B hold.
This fucking meme series man.
Does anyone here actually short or do they just fomo buy pump and dump pharmas and other trash like the rest of biz?
Ready to load up on some $BABA
Yeah
BABA, BAC, and JPM tanking in premarket, getting pretty close to some good entry points on all of them
I made $1k shorting GE on Friday and covering yesterday.
I've got an open short position open on MBI that I'm getting increasingly nervous about right now.
I only have losses.
gubment hurry pass a favorable tax reform asap before we lose it all.
YES
Out of AMRS at $3.30In on KTOS at 10.03 for 60 shares.
I know it's still trending down but hopefully support at ~9.80 will stop it.
I’m in on $BABA at $179.
Gonna be holding through the holidays
4377219I bought BABA way too high, hit my stop loss today at 181.
When should I rebuy?
haha this is great i hate having money i'm not going to kill myself today because i'm having so much fun losing money
Me too.
Got out ahead.AMD sinking fast guys.
>BAC+B is still over a dollarFUCKING HOW?
Looking at KTOS and AMD
GIVE ME YOUR GAINS
Shouldn’t have sold at all IMO, if you’re long.
But if you’re just trying to get in and out, the overall market is down today, probably won’t be going up until next week.
So set a limit buy around $175 and don’t panic
It wasn't clear if warren added to his bac holdings in this new report.
Another red day....
I don't give two shits about Warren Buffet.
BAC+B should be in the low 90s by now.
THE STATE OF BAA AND LODE
Any news on LODE?
Looking at .40 now but what's their plans for the future?
Expanded my AMD bags with all other 30 shares at 10.84, stop loss set for 10.59 in case all hell breaks loose.
It's time to LODE up on BAA, you can get 500 shares for just $65!
; )
bankruptcy.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
the current state of the LODE investor
MORE MWAHAHAHA
These past 2 weeks have been nothing but pain.
Any massive pumps going on that I can take advantage of?TRXC killed me and I lost 15% yesterday.
I need to make that back up to keep my sanity
I pulled my equity, all I have is one stock lol ON hasn't given a fuck about these red days.
WAKE ME UP
BEFORE YOU GO GO
WAKE ME UP INSIDE!
Check out BZQ.
It's a brazillian short ETF.
Outperformed UVXY for the past week.
Oddly enough, I do well in shitty markets and bad in good markets.
Is this the big one, guys?
The one we have all been dreading would come?The never ending series of red?
The 18 year downturn?
The ultimate crush?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA
Www.share.robinhood.com/davidt917Come suffer with us
SELL SELL SELL
share.robinhood.com/l/fuckoffdavid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zLfCnGVeL4
No you mong, it's a cooling off period after months of sustained gains.
Even with the pullback I'm still up over 10% on the Intel shares that I bought a few weeks ago.
Companies like Google, Amazon, and Facebook had huge price increases for companies that have market caps that high.
Expect this shit to level off near the beginning of December and start increasing again going into January for next earnings season.
>I almost bought MOSY during this pumpThank god I had second thoughts
he buys during pumpsI bet the greeks love you.
markets can go only up forever
As long as you get in before the dump you make money
*Tips non existant tax reform
stocks go up foreverno, your punishment is near
That's certainly the idea, ain't it?
LADS WE NEED INVERSE ETFS AND VOLATILITY INDEXES
4377608Of course not but this isn't "the big one".
Anyone who didn't expect a pullback after seeing the shenanigans that occurred last earnings season is an idiot.Even without a tax reform bill getting passed, the fed rate increase will put some wind in the sails of the financial sector and keep shit afloat until early next year when tax reform actually gets passed.
The day of reckoning will come but it isn't going to come any time between now and February.
BZQ my nigga.
Inverse of Brazil marketsBrazil markets are doing really shitty already:https://www.investing.com/indices/bovespaAnd they're closed today, a lot of Brazillian traders are probably scared shitless watching today unfold and will probably panic sell like crazy tomorrow
>BAC is even higher than it was yesterdayGoddamn, I seriously hope it's just a bull trap.
I wish there was an inverse Nikkei 225 ETF but I haven't been able to find one.
Japan's eventual economic crash and burn will be glorious.
Buying UVXY is like picking your teeth with a knife.
Dangerous, but very satisfying if you're careful and know what you're doing.
>CHKR>sideways forever
I put aside 40k of retirenent (40ish years away I'm 29) money to play with, and to date i am down $3400.
Obviously I'm not good at this, though i have learned a bit and it has been fairly entertaining.
Should I just quit now, sell all shares of everything and get back to wageslaving?
(((they're))) making BAC moon.
B might be OK today
>Finiancials are greenIs there a reason to buy anything but bank stocks?
bought a bit
>SNAP and JCP are upwhat did the market mean by this?
that guy who was joking about hedging the market with snapThis just makes it even funnier.
>CHFSYou have to be kidding me
Shorts taking profits
When did you start?
What did you learn?
How can you apply changes to what you've been doing?
Honestly it's the price of the education.
What you do with the education is up to you.
The world is your oyster, and if you're actually learning from mistakes, nothing can hold you back.
hahahhahaa you're right!
Did you cover that GE short you put in yesterday?
I HURT MYSELF TODAY
i had 2000 shares of some shit fracking co SNDnothing like a little -20% gap down on some bullshit downgrade, feels really great man
I'm closing my UVXY around 130 in preparedness of my presidents address to his citizens.
Expect sporadic XIV gains, or it its too much effort just fucking short UVXY and get some leverage on that bitch.
You've got to be a man and grab the market by the pussy.
You're damn right I did.
I went long and short in that shit all day.
Made a few hundred just providing liquidity.
will ROKU go down to 35
Someone use jewish tricks to pump NMM
You want to see a Jewish trick?
nice
What I did was go long, and I'm going to grab a nickle 300 times.
I hope you dumbfucks looking to buy $AMD at ~12.70 took my advice and stayed the fuck away from this shitshow
I'm buying as soon as it hits the nines
I believe that BagholderExtraordinaire previously mentioned he's Jewish.
We all joke about Jewish MM's and their fuckery (see Goldman Sachs), but leave him alone.
He's just like the rest of us... losing a fortune on memes.
I'm kind of regretting being tied up while UVXY makes the most predictable moves in the world the past few days.
Oh well.
>Trying to buy CHKR at 2.20>It hits 2.20 six times>Not a single share accumulated
>the market starts recovering as soon as I buy some short ETFsThe markets will start falling again r-right guys?
n-n-n-no
The 10 year long bull markets continues on its final leg up for the next 3 years.
No it won't.
There is nothing in the horizon to make it start falling.
Your fucked lad.
What made you think shorting was a good idea now?
Well fuck you it's too late, we're grabbing a nickle on this NMM it's part of the poon patrol portfolio!
Beats revenue>Beats earnings>Stock crashes 10%WHY!
Idk but just scooped some hella cheap shares
TRXC is picking up volume and just hit where it usually bounces from, ((they)) are pumping it, why don't you jump on?
Didn't you learn anything from Chad?
Didn't you learn anything from every earnings report and white paper you've looked at?
TRXC has fucked me till my asshole bleeds.I’m done with that shit company.
Their news is consistently shit, there’s no reason it’s valued the way it is
You must be using the old /biz/ trick of buy high and selling low
What's the most painless way to kill myself?
4378262I don't get the TRXC meme.
It's just a pump and dump that outlasted its purpose.
It really should have fallen back down to the 50 cent range by now.
SCHK long hold thoughts?
Yeah I bought TRXC when it was valued at over $.50.Anyone who buys now will be buying high

I wanna go back to yesterday's NAKetship

what time is trump speaking?
GE finally bounced, time to buy long and make 100% by this time next year
CHFS major short squeeze right now, DCIX is on the move too

Drink bleach.
Thanks
Is HUSA going to do anything today?
Fuck NMM i lost 3 cents 300 times.
Fuck UVXY I'm going long in the GE!
Buying some cheap as fuck call options!
>keep averaging down on NMM >losing shekels to throw at it
Fuck no, I sold it.
Oil is in the shitter right now, none of the oil stocks are doing anything.
All RED
DRYS earnings play let's go back to a billion!!!
#bullish
sometimes you have to drop your standards and pick up that poon patrol or a fucking beaten and broken company to grab some serious shekelinis
GBR taking off!!
CHFS and LEDS going to the moon
TFW i'm using 12 hundred to get 5000 shares worth of action on this Electronic General!
It's like free money!
Exit bag
Buy LODE guys
What the fuck happened?
I come back to 50% gains mostly because of GBR.
Halted now but god damn
Wtf happend to GBR?
Thanks anon!
>pharma company in research phase doesn't turn a profit>everyone loses their fucking minds>stock down 7%fuck this gay earth
Good time to pick them up before armaco ipo
that's a good thing, buy in, if they are researching something good you basically have insider knowledge that the stock will go up
the way volatility is getting crushed looks like the lows for the rest of the year could be in
story?
source?I hope you niggers are looking at CHFS, LEDS, and NSPR rn
GBR GET THE FUCK IN!!
!the halt came off for a split second and the bids where fucking huge!!
!GBR gunna fucking moon!
!yeee haaww
Buy your bags anon?
No, I've got my CAPR bags.
>BAC higher than its been all weekThere better be a goddamn lunch or end of day sell off.
Fuck off m8
BAC+B is back with a vengeance!
4377739News says Brazil is starting to do better...
I think I’m done stock trading forever.I’ve lost 40% in the last two days in meme trades
% of how much money?
Buy High Sell Low!
Like $200.I invested a little last month to see how well I’d do.
Obviously this isn’t for me
Wtf are you expecting?
Instant lambos?
Stop being such a bitch and keep learning.
Stop investing in memes my man, buy dips in large caps and sell after 2-4% gain.
Yes it's boring but it makes you consistent money
that's because you're doing what these niggers on here say, you need to look at fundamentals and trends.
Or watch the news closely for things like CHFS today or what ever the hot stock is.
Plus the whole market has been down due to this stupid tax reform and the geopolitical landscape.
It'll come back, just be patient, you can't be a millionaire overnight breh
every noob pays market tuition
tfw newfag who bought INTC and sitting comfy
how2gitgud?
https://www.investopedia.com/dictionary/Start here.
Learn a bit and come up with a strategy.
You will just lose money by throwing it into the market blindly.
Their markets are closed right now but they did horrible yesterday and will probably be lower tomorrow if the US closes out lower than open today
4378871I’ve honestly just been trying to make my money back since AMD took a giant shit on me
Remove your foreskin for an instant 10% gain.
Should I buy Verizon, is that a dip?
Bruh AMD has literally lost me more money than your entire portfolio.Have patience and learn.
How long should I hold?
Or what's the sign to sell?
semiconductors have flattened out since the bull market has gone stale.
Look at oil, its set to take off, additionally, the financials are going to make a come back from their dip with these last two weeks.
Trading is about news and analysis.
Mainly news lol, as my dad called it, the market is like a woman, shes happy some days, some days shes a total bitch, then there are days she'll blow you and fuck you all on the same day.
Join the NAKetship my guy
what foreskin
Brazil is 3 hours ahead of the US, so watch the Brazil indexes tomorrow:https://www.investing.com/indices/brazil-indices?&majorIndices=on&additionalIndices=onIf they are recovering, maybe sell at open or hold for a bit if not.
When do I sell CHFS?I got in at $11.
No, overall it's trending down, look at 6 months and YTD.
>BACLook up stock patterns, start with resistance and support, draw lines like a child, then move onto other patterns like "bull flag" or "head and shoulders" etc.
There's like 20+ patterns you can read.
Stocks are more than just buying it and hoping it makes money.
Like this anon said  you can use this with large cap.
CVM subarashi
set a stop limit of 15, if it goes to 17, set it to 16, and so on.
This is a massive short squeeze that's rippling to other parts of the market i.e.
LEDS, GBR
Thanks.
You are expecting them to be red tomorrow?Then if they are red and I hold through tomorrow, then the next day I just do the same thing?
If their market is red maybe keep, otherwise sell?
CRAY is having a day.
Fuck this I'm going back to bed
Do I go all in on AMAT?
This shit is crazy
dude I know, I have no day trades left, I'm so fucking mad, I saw this thing at 6, I wanted to buy, shes going to the fucking moon.
Set those stop limits anon, you're going to make some money I tell you whut

I think they will because all the markets react to how the US markets do.
It's really risky to hold 3x short ETFs for longer than a few days.
So maybe hold for a day or so.
That blows man.I put a stop in at $14.99
Pandora rocket to $5 continues.
I told you lads.
I'd creep with that stop limit, at lot of people say it's going to $20
I hope you're playing it short term.
Pandora is definitely going to zero in the futureIt's the myspace to Spotify's facebook
Not taking risks is a great way to be driving a non-lambo your whole life.
NoPandora, GE, JCP and a chinese massage parlor are merging to form an unstoppable mega corp
Alright you fucks, newbie here.
Can someone please reinforce or debunk these very basic ideas i have:>the entire market is currently overvalued>dotcom bubble 2.0: electric bogaloo is currently underway (microsoft, alphabet, amazon, facebook, etc.
: companies that have little to no physical product or service to offer)>producers of physical goods are (in general) safer investments than pure dotcom companies>among those, it's safer, but less profitable to stick to producers of general goods, not luxury items (food, beverages, glass, lighting)>some companies *are* too big to fail, for example buying VAG after the dieselgate-nosedive is a near-guaranteed money makerAlso i'm currently employed in a sparkling wine company.
We make the most business around christmas and new years.
Should be reasonable to buy in a low zone like march/ april and sell next january, repeat ad nauseum.
They also sell limited employment-reward discounted stock (no voting rights, but who cares anyway on this board).
should i sell or hold since the stock is displaying a positive , yet shallow up-trend over the last years?
Throw all that shit out the window.
Read what's been posted in the thread m8
Does this mean I can get a "happy ending" while trying on shoes?
You're pretty much right all around, but the entire market (and our economy in general) is based off absolute bullshit based off bullshit based off bullshit.
There's money to be made right now before it crumbles.
Thanks

Thoughts on HPE?
Apparently they just released a blockchain service.
Anyone see gainz in this?
You think wall street hasn't figured out that there are more sales during the holidays?
Christmas sales are already priced in lad.
Also dump your company stock.
Think about it like this.
Let's say, god forbid, your company goes bankrupt.
Then you'd be unemployed AND all your stock is worthless.
Too many eggs in one basket.
Yeah and they play country music while a fan blows warm air on your balls!
AAPL realizes its 18 month phone cycle isn't sustainable anymore.
So now they're desperately trying to come up with gimmicks and fads they can stick inside their devices.
They're gonna have 3D cameras for AR, which probably most people won't even utilize.
It's already happened with desktops/laptops, people stopped upgrading them every ~2 years.
i work with a guy that this happened to, the poor dumb fuck
There's money to be made right now before it crumbles.Absolutely.
There is also money to be made while and after it crumbles as well.
Different strategy.
TGT is on sale today.
Depends on just how hard it crumbles.
I'd agree with you for the most part, but it could be extremely risky if it gets really bad.
/r/ing wojaks
You're pretty much right all around, but the entire market (and our economy in general) is based off absolute bullshit based off bullshit based off bullshit.
There's money to be made right now before it crumbles.Cattle feeder futures!
Get 'em cheap as this wet season turns dry, look for the March/April contracts.
Thank me later for the millions of dollars of free financial advice I just gave you.
seems like less of a sale and more knife catching insteadi remember people were saying it was on sale when it dropped after amazon bought whole foods
I'm curious what you think the failure modes of the economy are.
In the 90s, we had speculation on unprofitable business, but today FAANG are are profitable.
In 2008, we had speculation on housing, but today everyone is still renting.
The only bubble I see is crypto but almost no one is in crypto so it's not really a threat to the economy as a whole.
i gotta say.. i've been in this thread for a very very long time,and you have been the only decent tripfagthanks
remember, /biz/ is wrong about everything so when the doom and gloom crowd start coming out of the woods well......
Looking at your post history filled with inane one-liners, I recommend you take your own advice
fuck off faggot
great depression, round 2. people who aren't familiar with history are in for a nasty surprise
43792914379238This is gonna come of as the most naive, boomer, socks-in-sandals thing ever, but i personally view investing in a company as a longterm thing: you park your money somewhere, check back 2 years later and maybe you dont have lambo money in dividends, but atleast camry-money.
Also investing in a company comes with alot of benefits, but also responsibilities.
You're not just trading apples for eggs, you're potentially trading someone 100 average joes out of their 9 to 5 employment for a personal gain of 0,1$ per share (hyperbole!).
But i guess that's typically german: We buy stocks in Siemens, Osram, IBM and other "boring" companies and forget about it for the next few years.
From word of mouth, most people few full-time stocktraders as parasites leeching off of other peoples "actual work", whatever that means.
If it crumbles hard then you pick out some losers and short the shit out of them, like people have been doing with GE
I thought it was overpriced by at least $5 yesterday.
Today, I like it.
4379525Both of you please kill yourselves
holy shit niggers look at CHFS
>DRYSbuy the dip
Had the choice between two memes earlier>CHFS and LEDS>I picked LEDSI want to kill myself
How to get dividends with Robbingniggers?
most people few full-time stocktraders as parasites leeching off of other peoples "actual work", whatever that meansI prefer to think of myself as providing market liquidity.
damn son
It's deposited automatically into your account
You're welcome ;)I got him in at 11 boys
Yeah those 10 whole dollars really greased the wheels, thanks for that.
most people [view] full-time stocktraders as parasites leeching off of other peoples "actual work", whatever that meansMost people are idiots who just follow the herd, work their 9-5 wagecuck jobs their entire lives, and put all their savings into a 401k managed by an (((investment advisor))) who charges exorbitant fees to just toss their money into some mutual funds.I know people who view short sellers as the scum of the earth while not realizing that the downward pressure supplied by shorters actually helps keep share prices in check and helps buffer against a constant yo-yo effect.
You still made money right?
Both ran this morning.
CHFS is still running mayne
based anon
How long until the next dividend?
I'm jealous as fuck, fuck my day trades dude, I could've 3x or more my equity
You're welcome.
Don't mention it.
Just trying to make the world a better place.
Open up another brokerage account on the side.
You'll have 3 extra day trades just in case.
GE
Well thanks!
Means a lot to hear I'm actually appreciated, thanks to you too.
I've probably taken a few tips from you in the past since you've been here so long.
I have robinhood and e*trade, I didn't know that, I thought the FTC follows your trades in general....
SNAP
BABA
FIT
I don't see how they would know.
Brokerages don't share that data with each other.
And I don't think the IRS looks for it on your taxes.
well next time I guess, I feel like the run is almost over, but holy shit it's flying right now
P
I got in at 14 and panicked at 11 I want death
43797364379751saved.
more if you have them
posting GE wojak on it's way updon't do this!
Those are the ones I made, I also made the LODE one posted earlier in threadIf I make more I will post ;)
Can you make the Fitbit one show his blood pressure spiking?
Thought I was going to get just'd by CAPR.
News came out half an hour ago.12 - 12:30Open 2.62High 2.83Low 2.07Close 2.50Volume 1.72 millionTotal volume for the day so far is 2,265,164.I've got a stop in place.
Hopefully soars on a conference call in after hours.
What's a strategy for when it crumbles?
just so you know, your brokers are not only short selling to trigger your stop losses on purpose, they're writing algorithms to do it automatically >From at least April 2010 to June 2013, Credit Suisse employed an algorithm designed to trade ahead of clients’ limit and stop-loss orders.
Credit Suisse programmers designed the algorithm to predict the probability that a client’s limit or stop-loss order would be triggered.
Credit Suisse programmers and traders had ongoing and significant discussions about how the algorithm could be used to “front run” customer orders.
Credit Suisse predicted that this particular algorithm would generate approximately $2 million in profits for the calendar year 2013.http://www.dfs.ny.gov/about/ea/ea171113.pdf
uvxy my nigga
4379854Its an efficient strategy.
You make a ton of money on the way down.
I certainly picked the wrong stock... CAPR is not as good as CHFS today.
Fucking 500% today.
Credit Suisse predicted that this particular algorithm would generate approximately $2 million in profits for the calendar year 2013.It's literally nothing
In this thread, we seem to assume that volatility spikes will be paired with a crash in stock prices.
I'd love to see a volatility spike associated with a massive and sudden increase in stock prices.
I've been saying this for a while now.
I always suspected they've been taking that data and selling it to wall street.
The fact that they are feeding it into their own algos makes it seem even more egregious.
Looks like I'm not crazy afterall
People panic sell, they don't panic buy.
The only way a volatility spike is associated with a "massive and sudden increase in stock prices" is via a short squeeze which is usually isolated to a single stock.
4379909I'm up 5% on that today, unfortunately not enough to offset my losses.
How long you guys holding that?I've got UVXY and now BZQ.
4379925Not illegal...
Certainly wrong, but not illegal.
If you listen to Bloomberg, it's almost like they hate us retail traders.
that's nothing new, HFT have been front running orders by milliseconds for years why do you think speed is so important to those strategies
this is probably why my GBR didn't sell this morning at 2.20 im going trough wellsfargo, im sure they have alot of money to throw around.
Theres also been strange times when i try to buy 1 lot with robinhood and i see the ask on my TOS but it doesn't go through..
Credit Suisse was literally fined hundreds of millions of dollars for this.
Its quite illegal.
Slap on the wrist.
No one went to the klink for it.
Nice digits.
I work in a completely different industry, but we have a team of lawyers that sit around and figure out how to be "barely legal" - I imagine it's the same there.
They stay within the threshold of the law - barely.
anon last week who said buy LMFA Wednesday morning, thank you
I would drop the UVXY before Trump opens his mouth from the oral ehem oval office, and boasts how great a deal he just made on behalf of us the American people.
make a couple million dollars>get fined hundreds of millions of dollarsSounds like the risk outweighs the reward too much for them to try it again at least.
Hopefully he says fuck Puerto Rico at some point in there so that my MBI short becomes profitable.
Hell, just a tweet saying that aid is forthcoming to help rebuild but they're on their own as far as their debt is concerned would be more than enough.
All they really need to do is not have discussions over email about how its illegal and they can probably get away with it.
Its hard to prove if a given short sale is just a normal trade or deliberate front-running.
I just rebought it this morning, robinhood might bark about day trading?
Or no?
Short selling, put options, and git gud at predicting local minima and maxima.
There's also the time tested strategy of sell high, hold cash, wait a while, buy back at major discounts.
I made a small fortune doing this in 2008/2009.
You couldn't be more wrong.
I made good money scalping companies that were on the brink of bankruptcy.
The volatility was amazing for Ford, GM, Reddy Ice, Pilgrim's Pride, etc.
Shit would jump up and down 20%-50% every week.
I was broke and in college in 2008/2009.
This is actually the whole reason I'm messing with Robinhood, to try to learn.
I just put 2500 in to learn with.
I have about 902,000 in cash in the bank now, but I'm afraid to put it in the market - I'm waiting for a repeat of 8/9.
People have been waiting for a repeat of 08/09 for years now.
Zerohedge has new articles every day preaching doom and gloom and talking about how the next crash is imminent.
It's definitely coming at some point but it could be a few months from now or 5-10 years from now.
Yeah, my question is as someone who is this late to the game - if it's even 5 years away, am I better to wait for the big dip?
have absolutely no experience>wait until the market is fucked before dipping your toes in the waterI'm sure you'll be fine :^)
Well that's why I'm trying to learn with a small bit of money first.
I'm here right?
Yes, brokers have been fucking you by selling your orders to HFTs for years now.
Nothing new here.
I think you will find Interactive Brokers is not doing this and never has.
It is a badge of honor for them that they provide direct access to the markets without providing your order data to front runners.
Nah, if you're really skittish of a market crash then just go in with 20%-30% of your savings so you can make some profits in the interim before the crash.
You're probably better off going with general market funds and choosing a few stocks that are in a strong bull run of 1+ years with no signs of slowing down (GOOGL, AMZN, FB, BAC, JPM).
Keep your stops fairly tight and move them up as the prices increase.
4380067 is right.
Hate to sound like a uncaring psychopath, but from justice's point of view, did a murder really happen if there is no motive or evidence to support such a claim?You can swap out "a murder" with any other crime.
Arson, bank fraud, rape, etc...
I recently got fucked on a stop.
I had BABA at a 178 stop and it just dipped for a millisecond and it sold it, then went right back up.
So how tight should I be setting them?Right now I own:JPM (bought this way too high, at 101)UVXYBZQF (in at 12.14) VOO AMD (in at 11.94, so not great but I'm not getting killed on it either)SHOP (bought this way too high, at 104)PYPL (in this at 71 so doing okay)BAC (in at 27)
4380354Oh and I'm probably going to move more and more toward VOO and just bank stocks and see how that goes for me.
I'm kinda all over the map now.
This deserves a (you)
You do realize deposits are only insured up to 250,000, right?
sorry for late response coworker interrupted
I had BABA at a 178 stop and it just dipped for a millisecond and it sold ityou just got broker'd see 
Anyone got a decent play, all I'm doing is holding bags.
Yes.
They aren't all in the same place, it's a little more complicated than I'm making it.
But basically it's all liquid.
I know.
:o( No way to really prevent that other than setting my stop losses so low that only catastrophic things would trigger it?
>see a dip and buy a few shares>goes up about 2% immediately after>awwwyiss.jpg>drops immediately down 4% to just under your buy-in>fluctuates 1-2 cents at that level for the rest of the daywhy does this ALWAYS FUCKING HAPPEN.
I'd honestly rather just lose all my money in a crazy drop than to sit just below breaking even for hours on end.
SKREEEEEEE
In the season of giving, buy some PSDV and hodl for 2 weeks.
Thank me later.
anybody wanna gamble?Shit company VTNL looks like its building up some momentum could get some gains here soonit's a pink sheet so it won't be on robinhood
GEbuy and wait 2 years
In his case, wouldn't the bank be on the hook?
If you deposit a million buckaroos into a savings account, you have a million in a savings account.
It's your money.
Putting money into a bank account shouldn't incur risk.
ATVI when it dips and then hold
So here's what you learn:What you thought was a dip was not a completed dip.
In the future, wait until later to buy.
Buy and wait 2 yearsNigga I'm done holding bags.How low of a dip?
Around $60 - 61 is fine, it grows consistently long term
Pandora at 5boom, profits taken
elaborate senpai
and it goes to 64 - 65 short term
Buy this stock while it's cheap and sell it in two weeks for more than you paid for it.
GBR round 2 about to start
UVXY isn't a long term hold, it experiences significant price erosion over time and should only be held short term for swing trades, try to get in and out in under a week if you're even going to mess with it.BAC and JPM should go back up for you eventually, you learned a lesson there about the importance of waiting for a pullback before you buy in.Look at Ford's 5yr chart, they've been in a downtrend for about 4 years now.
They're doing a good job this year with beating earnings estimates but it's just not making the stock pop very much.
They're doing better than the other US auto manufacturers so if I was going to hold one auto stock then F would be my pick.AMD could go back to $13+ or drop below $10 when 4Q earnings come out, who knows what'll happen.
I'd expect it to go on a little bit of a run 2-3 weeks prior to earnings are due at least.BZQ is an inverse leveraged ETF, it'll experience price erosion similar to UVXY and is meant more for a swing / day trade vessel than an investment.SHOP looks like it's gonna trade in a channel between $95 and $100 for a while, cut your losses if it gets too close to $90.PYPL is a good candidate for a long term hold, beautiful 1yr chart showing strong growth.
Their revenue and earnings have increased every year for the past 3 years.
LEDS back on fire.I sold at 6.
At least I didn’t lose money.
i mean why do you think it's going to go up?also nice dubs
What happens when the bank fails?
FDIC kicks in to insure deposits up to $250k per account.
lmfao
Durasert™ Three-year for Posterior UveitisThe three-year Durasert insert has the potential to be the first product approved to help prevent recurrence of this devastating condition for up to three years with a single intravitreal injection administered in an office-based setting.
pSivida expects to file an NDA with the FDA during fourth quarter of 2017. pSivida has out-licensed the rights for the new uveitis indication for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) to Alimera Sciences as part of a broader amendment to its current licensing and collaboration agreement for Iluvien in Diabetic Macular Edema (DME).
great, thanks
Exactly.
You lose anything you had deposited in excess of $250K.
And, banks do occasionally fail.
NEW THREAD NEW THREAD NEW THREAD
woah
time is a flat circle
Well done, lad, well done...
Doing some rough calculations of epidemiology rates and prevalence of anterior vs posterior uveitis it looks like less than 20k people in the US are afflicted with the disorder.
That's not a very big market unless they're charging like $10k per injection or something.
you had one job
IM A FUCKING MORONIM A FUCKING MORONIM A FUCKING MORONIM A FUCKING MORON
New thread>It’s the old threadWhat did he mean by this?
I thought it was a cube.
4380860It's obviously a wave
IM A FUCKING MORONwe can tell
Thanks>UVXY isn't a long term hold, it experiences significant price erosion over time and should only be held short term for swing trades, try to get in and out in under a week if you're even going to mess with it.Thank you, yeah I've just been keeping that for short stints.
I got lucky with the market doing poorly this week.
But I guess really it was just offsetting my other stocks which basically represent the market.
So, by holding both I'm kinda betting against myself?
Like owning UVXY and VOO at the same time is kinda mixed signals, right?
>BAC and JPM should go back up for you eventually, you learned a lesson there about the importance of waiting for a pullback before you buy in.Thanks, yeah.
Only been doing this a month so valuable lesson there.
Wait for weeks like this to actually buy stuff.>AMD could go back to $13+ or drop below $10 when 4Q earnings come out, who knows what'll happen.
I'd expect it to go on a little bit of a run 2-3 weeks prior to earnings are due at least.Yeah was thinking of dumping that before earnings, hoping people push it up a bit.
>BZQ is an inverse leveraged ETF, it'll experience price erosion similar to UVXY and is meant more for a swing / day trade vessel than an investment.Yeah, going to watch that tomorrow.
If the Brazilian market is down, I'm going to keep it.
Otherwise, I'll sell it first thing AM.>SHOP looks like it's gonna trade in a channel between $95 and $100 for a while, cut your losses if it gets too close to $90.Thanks, yeah, bad buy.
My lesson there is I bought it because I like the product.
Basically my first stock.>PYPL is a good candidate for a long term hold, beautiful 1yr chart showing strong growth.
Their revenue and earnings have increased every year for the past 3 years.Awesome.
This was another "bought it because I liked it" stupidity that maybe will work out well.
I've had a PayPal account since like 94.
*