IT BEGINS
it was already down deep into hell, i dont think it could go any lower, whitepaper shitcoin
Are you oblivious to everything around you?It just breached the top 100 coins, and this is just the start.You OMG pajeets are so transparent.
t. sweating OMG bagholder
>that glorious ten minute span where we were closing in on 1kI'm not selling until 50 cents but that would have been a major psychological victory for me if it could break and hold above 1k, I've lost so much fucking money these past two months on almost all my investments I just need a small victory.Anyways feeling comfy with this coin.
Hold 125k.
If we dip back to 600 I will bump it up to 150-200k depending on how my other coins do.
how do I buy?
Binance.Thinking of selling at 900 for the Bitcoin Diamond fork tonight and buying right back in after.
Any opinions?
Kucoin
couldn't go any lowerwhy the fuck didn't you buy then you goddam idiot
tell me some of ur trades pls so i can laugh, this month has been gr8 to meI'd hold, REQ is a guarenteed moon mission, BTC diamond could flop but I don't know a damn thing about it.
I can't help but feel the market is burnt out of BTC forks though.
I sold at 874.
Felt that was a pretty good price and was confident I should be able to get in around the same price this tomorrow morning unless the news is fucking huge.Only problem is it looks like this fork is gonna happen around 3 or 4 A.M. so I won't be awake to buy the alts right away so I hope things don't pump too hard post fork, but it seems like there isn't a selloff at all and most people aren't even aware it's gonna happen.
Diamond futures are trading around 30$ so for 2 BTC that's $600 profit.
4530237This is the fallacy of REQ shills against OMG OMG is up 1250% in the past 3 months.
REQ is up, what?
41% in the past month
Bitcoin DiamondThe what?Is anyone even gonna honor this?I've still not received a single Bitcoin Gold.
https://support.binance.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002980192Binance is the only exchange worth using anymore, and everyone's starting to finally wake up.
With the volume coming in we won't even need Bittrex anymore.
AgreeUntil we have a proper DEX that smashes all these centralized exchanges, binance is as good as it gets.
Actually It's still below ICO price lmfao
It's above ICO retard, go look up how much an ETH was worth back during ICO...