BITCOIN BREAKOUT POTENTIAL EXTREME!
MAY BE HAPPENING RIGHT NOW!!!!!
FUUUUCK IM ALL IN ON POWR WHICH IS ALSO MOONING.
WARNING WARNING WARNING BREAKOUT CONFIRMED.
>core cucks think their coin will moonenjoy your heavy bags shill
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
SHILL SHILL SHILL
OLDFAGBIZTARDpajeet, typing that in the name field doesn't make you any more believable
This
Thanks for the heads up Oldfag.
You are alwYs on point.
Going all in.
Technicals are in place, multiple indicators confirming, but I don't see anything happening yet.
Not much volume.
Not a real breakout.
Hey nigger,Technical analysis is uncontroversially disproved.Gas yourself.
hope you're right like the last timeit's, discount time...
better buy bch, support the joos
Usually works very well, don't fall for the meme.
Crypto is ruled by bots who follow TA exactly.
>muh memelines
CryptoYou can only apply TA to BTC, ETH and LTC
Bitcoin (BTC) is going to the moon soon.
I can feel it.
Benjamin Frabklin could "Feel" the 'Potential' of a New Nation.
He also "felt" the 'Potential' in the clouda, and instinctively knew that all he had to do to trigger the building of a Nation was Fly The Kite.
I just Flew The Kite.
The Flap of a Butterfly's Wings is a "Sound Of Thunder".
So you recomend getting GAS
Also, if Albert were alive today, you all would have him wearing a dunce hat in the corner for fat fingering keys.
OooOOOoOoOwiggle waggleuppy downyjiggle jagglewhere will it go, up or down?
Its ok Oldfag.
I know you are usually deployed in remote areas.
Typing on a laptop or phone can be difficult for large muscular combat fingers.
For (you).
Do I know you, Lad?
Checking your IP.
We are at the top of the dead cat bounce.
It's going down any moment now.
Beware.
BE YOU WIZARD?!?!
your a fucking moron, stay poor jack ass
Fuck off you AIDS ridden bch Somali Butt Pirate.
Hope those bags drown you.
I.
Am Wizard.
Yes.
A Blessing, but often a Curse.
Trip so you know its me.
pic related.
look at the 1 day chart nigger
testing 6800
Ur dumb it's the way whales signal things to each other.
Communication which causes a self fufilling prophecy more often than not.
Where da volume at?
I'm all in ETH right now so I can sleep at night.
Nay, WE ARE BUT MEN....ROCK, OOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN wooooaaahhhhhh ohhhhhhh, yeah!!
BITCOIN OH GOD WTF ARE YOU DOING BRO CALM DOWN MAN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I've been following Olfag for a while l, and he is always 100 percent on spot, usually just seconds before it happens, but this.
This blows me away.
This is getting downright "spook"y.
dead cat on the 1 day chart or will this break ATH?
BITCOIN HAS HAD ENOUGH BULLSHITIT'S TIME FOR REAL MOON
should see new ATH
Alt massacre when?
Here is your answer, Lad.
Interpret it as you will.
Even after All I Have Seen in this world.
I still have my sense of Humor.
How did you guys know it was gonna go up?
all I could see was a narrowing channel and tripple ceiling?
oh shit, op is right!
unconfirmed transactions heading to a new ath once resistance at 100k is broken
He's an oldfagIt's going to get nasty
It's not "you guys".
It's Oldfagbiztard, and he is going to be World Famous Tonight.
new ATH ~8k to 9.5k; extended trading @ 7.5k to 8.5k, crash to 4k by march '18.
please tell me the website for this.
i desperately want it
what's it gonna do, hit the vertical asymptote and approach infinity?
Yes because US dollars are a fucking fraudulent ponzi scheme.
It is feeding off of the headlong rush toward Maximum Utopian Entropy.
So theoretically, yes, it could infinitely be achieving Infinity, and never cross the Event Horizon.
BTC hitting new ATH tonight is what I'm seeing?
I'm already out of alts....lol.
Thanks oldfag.
This man is the only one ITT who truly understands the nature of the matrix.
Naturally, as a matter of course.
ALL THE GOODS ARE MOONINGEVEN LINK IS UP 5%JUSTICE
it is right at the 6744 top it has to break
Good work, Lad.
I know an Agency that would be very interested in your Autistic Savant level Genius.
They compensate handsomely.
BeeCash down kek
oh god...please let my shit moon for once, please.....
Inertia.
That which is in motion tends to stay in motion.
If you're not in Bitcoin right now you deserve to be a poor NIG.
Don't be a retard and stay in shitcoin.
Be Jew-Rich like me.
THATS MY MANgoing to buy some pizzas with doge ;)
I don't think it is going to do it and this will be a triple top which means time to fall
I come from The Land of The Ice and Snow, with The Midnight Sun and The Winds That Blow, Valhalla, I can hear you Calling...........Ragnorok, Brother.
wutOk, sure.
It will increase for a long time, but to carry on its current trajectory, it's not gonna go infinite value in a year.
It will take time.
Get ready for a big dip, Anon.
Winter is coming.Love,Lain
Scribbles, Flat Earther.
In approx 8 hours there will be a big green candle when europe wakes up.
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#2dswitch from core to cash and see how awesome bitcoin should work
BTC dropping like the turd that it is now
Thank you.I do wish that BTC got 2mb blocks or BCH flippening happened, but I put my money where it will grow.
Hold the Line.
Reinforcements coming.
BREAKOUT CONFIRMED GTF IN HERE BOYOS!
Barry is very high IQ.
He Knew.
Bitcoin drops $20, causes this poor Nig to post.
Lolz, stay poor retard.
Didn’t break out... dipping again
you think he waited for the pump?
you have no idea how this works
Eurolet here, my 6750 alarm hit so im up at 2am selling all my alts asap.we're one big market buy away from confirming 7k.
Do it jamieee!
Here is some more fud for future use.
It fits your IQ.
Lambos soon bro
Ralllye the Men, Brother!
I'll try to get the chinks on the phone...
Bitcoin AI has Awoken.
It is seeking BCHers upon which to feed.
checked, stupid BCH keks btfo
Hourly 200 SMA capping current rally but bids on GDAX look stacked it looks as if it's only a matter of time before it clears this resistance.
CEILING BROKEN.
THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
Ceiling looks pretty solid to me
Update your Flat Earther scribbles, Fool.
the ceiling line based on nothing whatsoever?
Draw some more triangles fuckheads.
Just invest in BTC you dumb cunts.
The fud line is based on the posters desire to sell its bch bags.
Someone just raised Tether to make it look like Bitcoin is dipping.
ie; Desperation.
No, I do not want to be a freemason.
Im happy by being Bitcoin elite (aka, 21 BTC or above).
Bch fags itt
aaaAAAaaaaa wwowowoo
Checked and keked.
Forktards BTFO once again.
RESISTANCE BROKEN!
seeyou mong.
REINFORCEMENTS HAVE ARRIVED!!!
Checked and keked.
BTCinator is coming for you altcucks.
where the fuck is the dip?
I wanna buy again...
too late kid
OH FUCK
It Was Always Too Late.
Don't try to day trade this runup.
You Have Been warned.
Testing 6900 on GDAX rn!!
b-but my BCHB-bitcoin will d-dip, r-right?
m-mommy?
HAPPENING!!
HOLD TIGHT
All Systems Nominal.
Bitcoin Shuttle, you are go for Rollover and Throttle Up.
Houston Out.
what the fuck, this shit is going up hard
Is BTC going to correct again?
Some say if it goes above 6800 it'd going to keep rising.
BitCHes on SUICIDE WATCH
So fucking glad my limit order filled last night to dump those chink bags !!!
Here we go!!!
Nothing Personal, BCHers.
Buy this fucking dip
What dip?
it failed to break throughthis is a double topsell now
Tether spread $50 and climbing.
Someone desperately trying to stop this.
Wetworks Notified.
ST6 Activated.
SoKo Reinforcements Incoming.
Someone didn't get out of their alts in time...
Here we go goyz.
IP Logged.
Posted at the same time as the latest Tether Break.
Error 404.
Terrible Mistake.
It's over.
Don't run, it pisses them off.
How high is this going?
and for how long?
Chinese are buying.
Its over
Memepool says new ATH incoming.
SECOND WAVE REINFORCEMENTS HAVE ARRIVED.
moon by tomorrow

k confirmed
Dumping Reserves in for the Next Leg.
I hope the fools who are trying to daytrade have a good Pink Wojack folder.
I've been out of alts and holding btc since the beginning of this thread...lol.
Can this fucking shit coin stabilise fucking cunt shit dick bitch
WTF!!
We have a wall of 40 btcs in the EUR market straigth ahead... No way we can go through...
it's going up because normies still think the fork is happening.
this shit will dump on the 16th when they find out there's no free lunch.
mark my words and you can screencap this too.
Screencapped and added to my folder.
I only screencap that which is Worthy.
Yep EUR market slowing downYou guys are not mooning tonight sell sell sellDont forget to put a buy order!!!
Just in case

I've been leveraged long 10x BTC since the dip ~5700.
Third Stage Boosters Firing.
What kind of investment will you make with it?inb4 lambo.
plz no.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
good job everyone.
Screen shot or kys
HOLD THE LINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ORCS AT THE GATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KekI like you+1 fan

HOLD THE LINE!
I plan to get out around ~7k or at least off-load half the position, just to be safe.
As far as what I'll be doing with it: 50% will go into new mining hardware, 20% into hardware tools for a company I started to take advantage of Harvey relief funds from the feds + new demand for drywalling, and 30% will go back to trading capital in my account.No.
GRICHKA, MAKE.
THE.
CALL.
take advantage of Harvey relief fundsMind sharing your kikery techniques senpai?
Buh...I sold at 6730...why always meeeeeeeeeree
Fuck yea.
I'm on the waves dex...so I can't like...do those things.
lol.
shitrockers are hard workers.
Lad.
Did a bit of it as a kid stiff arming double 5/8 lid in house aircraft hangers in homes we were building at the airstrip in Aguila.
Keep up the Hard Work.
Glad to hear you Made It, and I helped you along the way.
Godspeed.
Yhis is just a tether dip.
kids.
HOLD THE LINE.
CHECK PRICE AGAINST USD.
RRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I WILL THROW THE ORCS FROM THE WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
If we work as a group we can take out these whales!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rlgvs6LV3VU
They're little faggots who shit up construction sites with smoke and drilling noises i knock sheets over of they are blocking doorways T. Hvac master race
We were the Generals.
so I did a little of all of it.
Saw what was going on between the Trades.
lol
>btg fomo3k-5k>segwit2x fomo5k-8keven the store of value fomo is questionable at this point
This is post Segwit, fool.
We are headed up toward CME.
You could be retarded.
Go get that checked out.
lmao bitcoiners are laughing but when bitcoin crashes before EOY I'll be back to laugh at your heavy bags.
faggot they still dont have approval, and we already know how neutered the trading is
If in Neutered, you mean controlled, yes.
(you) will not be able to fud Bitcoin CME.
It will be Free to Rise.
HOLD
your heavy bags.
any rational thought, research and anything that I dont want to hear is called fudthe state of crypto
After further looking into Bitcoin currently, just coming here again to say how stupid OP post is.>RSI hits 70 for the first time since the 13% dump on the 8th>Stoch RSI crosses downward>Upper trend line reached>BITCOIN BREAKOUT POTENTIAL EXTREME!
MAY BE HAPPENING RIGHT NOW!!!!
!This guy is just tripfag without the trip.
No moon tonight, Anon.Love,Lain
Weakhands who got nervous, it's not over.
Don't you have a Somali Butt Pirate Cock Carousel to ride over on BCH, Gash?
this will continue until Friday afternoon ATH
My sides are in orbit.
Screencapped for Posterity, and keks over port.
Oh really?
Weakhands?
That's your explanation?
What about?How could you overlook all those incredibly obvious signs for a coming dip and claim>MOON MOON MOONWhy don't you just love Lain already?
Geez.
nice sneakin that meme arrow in there.
WHat aint over oldfag?Fuck this shit I expanded my BTC stack during this chinkfud , only to put it all into ETH AAAAAA
Begone, Witch, and all your Foul Minions you just brought with you.
BTC is going to go down a lot more soon.
The AB correction following the 5th Elliot wave is coming soon.
Do not buy Bitcoin now!
$4600 target price in the coming 1-4 weeks.Love,Lain
I am sorry Money Skelley Committed Political Suicide.
I had to withdraw all support.
I told him not to.
All credibility vanishesBTC is never going to the 5000s again
>Buying nowHope you like Pink Wojack pics
What caused it to go up?
Just got out of work.
It was stagnating at 6500-6600 earlier in the day.
YYYYYYOOOOOUUUUU SSSSHHHHAAAAALLLLLNNNNNOOOOTTTTTPAAAAAAAAASSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why can't we just have a month of stable BTC so we can invest in alts and not have BTC drain all gains?
Also, Square just added bitcoin to their app
Read.
The.
Thread.
Hello.
I am Oldfagbiztard, Newfriend.
snaff snaffI smell gains
I do try senpai.
Gotta keep fighting for those who believe.
I read the thread and all I saw was>idiots still thinking fork is gonna happen>Chinese buying large amounts for some reasonSource on 2nd one?
Gains and grains
(You) can't see the Forest for the two trees.
Look deeper, Grasshopper.
Sorry its a bit chopped upInteresting stuff from the normie institutional investor perspective.
Bitcoin to fiat is $6867 atm.
Just a reminder.
your wrong, we just completed the correction this is a new impulse wave up
Holy shit, the Big Guys just arrived.
This Anon knows.
It will, but literally for an instant, and then shoot back up past $5,000 support.
I'd set orders a bit higher than $4,600 though, more around $4,850 or $4,900.
but when?
Finally someone who is not retarded.
THIS.
We had two opportunities to buy back at $5,500.
You will not get a third opportunity.
Jump on now
Things are moving faster than I expected if this is true.
I thought the downtrend would last for at least a month.
"Muh BCH bags", The post.
And also a samefag.
did you forget who I am?
Full disclosure.
I started the thread.
When I was but a 21 year old Pup.
I was given an Abstract Reasoning Test at The Thunderbird Institute for (((reasons))) The only one to ever score higher in the entire history of the "Institute" was a Colonel in the 944th from Luke Air Force Base in Glendale, Arizona.
Keep telling you kids, even daytrading a 50 buck range right now is going to get you burned when it takes off again.
How long have you been trading?
There is a LOT of people who's credibility will be destroyed ove tonights pump.
Not Oldfagbiztard.
Toast to be in Legndary Bread.
This thread will go Viral.
I will ensure that Happening.
Just recently.
I semi retired.
This is child's play compared to fluid situations in Global Intel.
Honestly you can actually apply it pretty easily and accurately to every parabolic.
Would have been able to sell omg at 24k sats instead of bag holding it now.
Kek.
Just sorry doubled top.
This was a dead cat bounce.
See you at $4875
I can't wait for Roger and Jihan to dump all this newly higher priced BTC on you tonight and ruin your little 1 mb blocksize dreams forever
You think I'm touching Jihan and Roger's PnD ver of Bitcoin?
Fuck no.
Well, actually I did sell some of my BCH that I have left over from the 09/01 fork when it went moon.Your ad hominems don't get rid of the fact that you're simply calling yourself an oldfag and then making unsupported>MOON MOON MOONclaims that largely differ from all TA and FA signs.Have fun listening to this guy, Anon.
Hope that goes well for you.Love,Lain~t.
2006 4chin oldfag (Habbo era)Slow dips leading into large dip in the next 2-4 weeks
HOLDFAST.
4TH TRANCH SUPPORT INCOMING.
PLUS BUYBACK OF PROFIT TAKERS.
I still want my money back on the alts.Those $5500 were a some kind of flash crash due to a spoiled chinese brat and a terrosit.Now that forks and bullshit are done I won't expet another bull run, most likely a downtrend.
I hope nobody give a fuck about BTC Silver fork on December.
Fiat price still $6800.
More Tether manipulation.
I'm sorry Anon.
The only time to be in alts is four hours before to four hours after a fork or similar event in BTC now.
Yes.
The Terrorist name was Prince Al Alawed.
He masterminded the greatest heist in Crypto History with the "BCH is the Real Bitcoin" Scam.
He was arrested, and his entire 20 Billion in assets siezed.
Many of his officers were shot and killed in a very brief Saudi Civil War.
Those who escaped fled to Sidon.
Saudis amassed air power at Crete, and threatened to bomb Sidon to oblivion.
Lebanese officials stepped in and took care of the problem.
Prince A.A. was going to use the proceeds to finance a coup at the Royal Palace.
My Investigation of these matters is what led me to Crypto, and crypto trading.
I guess you could call all of my contacts and inside info "crypto hacks", but that is just the way the cookie crumbled.
R-reddington?
Nani?
Did the jews do 9/11?
Guys we goin higher?
Could be overbought but honestly looks like a good support level, I think its going higher.
I'm thinking of putting a long x3
>analyst larpI guess we now know why america is getting fucked up by chinese intel
The TA I'm doing makes it look like it needs to pull back.
Say it ain't so!
Well I already put my long, wish me luck.
It does need to pull back very slightly, and stabilize there.
Other side of the planet will help build a floor for us while we sleep.
We will do it again tomorrow.
in the interim, there may be a runup tonight, conducted by a counterpart on The Dayside, so those who are staying up, keep your eyes on the Orders, but don't let them fool you.
Also, don't let The Witch in your head.
Good luck.
BTC has been full of suprises lately.
I don't know.
No fears.
You will win over the next several days.
Do (you) think (((They))) did?
I can tell you one thing for sure, 7-11 Was a Part Time Job.
4371797Its a freaking mess all over the place.
But Yeah I think its mainly up and up from here with a few small pullbacks.
Good luck to you all.
I do.captcha: masad supra
One final Matter of Import.
Prince Bin Salmon, I happen to know you are reading this, The Enemy of your enemy is your Friend.
Please pump BTC tomorrow, to put the final nail in the coffin of the Prince A.A.
Faction.
Thank you, Your Excellence.
Tonight was a cyber battle.
Battles are messy and bloody.
Sometimes, even with the best planning and logistics, only The Savage Survive.
In real life combat, dig your foxhole oversize.
That way, if you are overrun in the dark, you have room for the bodies as you grab the enemy running past, silence them, and drag them in your hide.
you are mentally ill, please seek help before you hurt someone
I would want you in my foxhole.
just shorted
Second attempt to get above the 4H 100 SMA has worked.
Stay above and buyers remain in control.
This means upward movement continues?
The moving average is upward sloping so yes but buyers need to keep price above it.
RUN
What does this chart mean, please explain the two sides
order book, looks bearish, red side sell orders green side purchase orders
using the order book to predict price movements is shit tier analysis dude
shh my purchase order is set to 6066.66
thats nothing.
also>believing walls in crypto are legit
CoreTrash just triple topped.
Couldn't get through it.
TA says this is the end...BCH will finish it off
ill be a millionaireemail me rishen100@gmail.com if you want to learn how to invest in crypto currency
meme walls
>pajeets trying to use TA on crypto with 1 minute candles>pajeets trying to order graphs when limit orders are literally 0 fees on gdaxLOL
Do candles lose meaning if they're not daily?
source: https://designyoutrust.com/2017/03/the-beauty-of-female-body-in-vibrant-nsfw-photographs-by-david-dubnitskiy/
Sorry, sweetie, there is a real world outside that bedroom door, and some people pay for what you have with Blood.
The real bitcoin right?
Not the altcoin spinoff?
Hello Newfriend.
please put down the scissors.
You do not even know which end cuts.
Holy shit.
Scrrencapped.
Please say this is an honest question and not a Troll so I can add it to my Gallery.
The thing now is to know if it are going first to look for the roof of the canal or go for the blue below.
Looks like we're taking off.
Blast off confirmed.
If you retards aren't buying now.
You seriously deserve to be poor.
Holy fuck I'm a millionaire now thank god I didn't listen to the cash cucks
Listening to retarded shills on here is a guaranteed way to go broke.
It feels good to have the KING back in town
4373277I don't know how to break this to you, so I'll just say it: you sound like a giant faggot.
Wanna fuck my cornhole?
thank you, this is great stuff
The trend seems to be accelerating