So what is the point of living if your wife is ugly?
I mean we are all trying so hard just to have a hot gf/wife that make other man envious right?
Most of my rich friends made a ton of money but their wives are like 3/10, make me even feel sad for them.
What is your end game biz?pic related
I just wanna live a neet life and work on projects and eat my tendies.
>So what is the point of living if your wife is ugly?
Kek'd hard after I randomly saw this thread.
Never change /biz/
Who is this Malaysian Asian
chances are those guys are rich because those chicks had cash and that's why they went for them.
Cash not looks.
I just want an average looking chick so i can put my peepee inside ofher lol xD
pic
Just don't marry a gook and hopefully you won't have that problem OP.
I dont do this for the waifus I do it because it gives me a sense of purpose.
PS: lose weight and start training you fucking retards, its not hard to be a 5-6
I'm already a 8 just from drinking water + a good skin routine + not eating trash, I just need a cute christian chinese singaporean wife and maybe 300 more bch
Just value people for who they are on the inside and accept them they way they areAlso find a virgin girl who will be loyal and loving.
my friends?
no, they are social retarded and married the first girl interested in them.
But they are hard workers and earn a lot.pic semi related of their wife.
maybe your purpose for living here is to make sure that a new golden age will be born in humanity.
you were born in the generation that witnessed the rise of cryptocurrencies after all.
they can be used as a force for good, to liberate people from the centralized banking systems.
if all you see is "muh womens", then you are not even fucking human.
endgame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1ZJiBHh-Yw
Wud rather neck myself than get married to a girl like that.
100% srs broskis.
lips too big, weird eyebrows, weird boobs, dry hair, dark skin, slutty clothingno thanks
your purpose is noble anon, but I am not your kind, you maybe one of my friend kind tho.
What's the point of living if legally, my wife has to be over the age of 18 unless I move to shitskin-ville?
she's a child,kill yourself
are you confused with anon?what kind of child takes picture like that?
邱欣怡 is 20 years, not a child either
?
she looks like my 12 yo niece.what a pity tho, her boobs will not develop any more.
Source on more picture?She's perfect
How about you first grow up and realize that people don't have a wife to show her off.
Such a pitiful thing to say.
I feel sorry for you.
love is for poor people.
opposite actually, you cant buy honour, you cant buy love, you cant buy respect.
These a true intrinsic assets, but my god they are so rare.
Not entirely true.
People absolutely have wives to show them off, just not entirely in the 'how good is this piece of art' sense.
take your fedora crap somewhere else you faggot.
I can appreciate a man of refined taste.
PROTIP : marry a plain 6-4/10 girl that only have hot siblings and hot parents.She have good genes that just didn't combine right, your children will be hot.Also have a lot of children to hedge your bet, unless you can access to embryonic selection.
Having a hot wife won't make you happy anon.
Having a person one can trust makes most people happy, but you'd be surprised how flexible "trust" can be as a qualifier.
Anyway, here's what I can say:I'm married  yrs to a woman (also E. Asian), and she happens to be hot, in the sense that everywhere we go everyone has always wanted to fuck her.
90% of her appearance is owing to her DNA.
It has little to do with her diet or habits (though her personality does tend to influence those factors in beneficial ways).
She can be cruel in her casual way, but what the hell do you want.My advice: if you're young and have means, date pros for a while.
Pay for quality (read: a touch on the 'expensive' side) girls; they'll teach you what you need to know about being desirable (and perhaps importantly what never to do in the company of women who live by their beauty).
If you're a decent guy, they'll be generous with their advice, and possibly even their pool of hot friends which all of them seem to have.
Cocaine tends to be currency in such circles, so if you have a problem with that then good luck.Of course, if you're ugly, there's no fix for that, but if you've got a few bucks to throw around nothing matters.
Good luck
Or better yet break the slave collar that is your biological imperative and decide yourself instead of listening to """society"""
(also E. Asian)stopped reading right here
this is asian hours
Do they post here in english?
Why.
virginI don't think that's possible anymore
I'm Singaporean so it's no problem
there are many, especially religious
I forgot to mention I'm not at all "rich"Sup VitalikKeep /pol/ in /pol/ you bitter fucking wizard
Keep /pol/ in /pol/ you bitter fucking wizardThis whole thread is shit, I don't think it matters you butthurt rice plougher.
I hate this so much.
Every girl with potential that's at a ripe age these days ALL use fucking Tinder or Snapchat or whatever the fuck is popular nowadays, not one exception from what I know.
It's almost like society nowadays has pretty much induced social pressure upon everyone under 25 to use those shitty networks and therefore most likely had a boyfriend/girlfriend or two.Aren't there any ways to find a nice, attractive girl who has never touched any apps like that in the world?
Where?
wanting anything to do with 3DPD womenfaggot
I'm at your house right now you glow in the dark fuck
nothing to live for desu
uhhhstop being so fucking sexist you dumb lebbit bandwagoning shits
find some land girls or generally girls that live in remote areas with no or shit internet.you have to go there in person though
Expose yourself more to Asian people and you'll be able to tell their age.
Its all about creating a good base of pattern recognition.
You need a variety of age too.
Local asian stores is your guide.
Online gravure is your guide.
Robowaifus.
Fast decaying cunts that expend your money, force you to go retarded places full of brain dead tourists, or take you to idiotic social gatherings to... --I actually don't understand the point of that.
Show you up?
Brag about how well you are doing?-- need not apply.
It depends on how long you've been with her and what you two have been through together.I have been with my girlfriend for five years.
We are not married because I want to wait until I graduate university so I can afford to buy her an actually nice ring.
We have been through a lot together.
She has helped me get through a lot of rough times, like depression from having a miserable job that made me want to kill myself, to being broke because I couldn't find a good-paying job that worked with my school schedule, to being there for me when my family wouldn't because of religious differences.
Likewise I have been there for her through similar problems, including health issues.She's pretty, but even if she turns into an ugly hag within the next ten years, I wouldn't care.
good for you anon, but most of us do not have same situation as yours so the "help you in difficulty" is not a factor in choosing girl.
Rich men have trustworthy wifes that are usually ass ugly.Then they have hot younger girlfriends that aren't so trustworthy but will suck the skin off a dick for a $200 bracelet from Zales.
4409300what race are they?
korean?
please someone tell me their race and source
wtf anon, you can image search on them.
Click on the arrow > after the post number.
I help you out on the 1st onehttps://twitter.com/xxyjun/status/340767314402217984
very philosophical 10/10
race: asiansource: jav.com
Every human that live long enough turns ugly
But if she's ugly in the 1st place then...