anyone think we genuinely found out about this too early?
Yep
same and accumulating
Yeah it seems like everyone else is totally overlooking it.Which really isn’t surprising considering the teams communication and hype is pretty much non existent.
But if they achieve even half of what the white paper describes and secure this swift partnership, only shit the pump would be insane, I really hope it happens
sure whatever you say buddy
Still early to get in on ODN.
>Being too far ahead of your time is indistinguishable from being wrong.
too early beats too late every time
I mine ETH at 189 MH/s with 6 Sapphire Nitro+ RX580 8GB Special Edition cards.
As soon as I mine 0.05 ETH I buy ChainLink.
Depending on the price I buy 80-100 coins every 30 hours.
Should I keep doing this or just hold ETH?
Get the fuck out of this shit already -_- goddamnit
There is literally no winning
there's no losing faggot
https://youtube.com/watch?v=oa_hiLXLbTc
The list of confirmed businesses that have mentioned using ChainLink so far.- Confido are planning on using ChainLink to get shipment API data feeds.
Literally the main idea behind their project is getting these data feeds through centralised oracles.- Request Network have said they are in frequent communication with ChainLink.
Check this: https://blog.request.network/request-network-project-update-november-10th-2017-a57193780ddf- Swift, need I say moreAdd some more if you know any
Sony, AXA.
sony?
sure its gonna take a couple years, but your gonna be thinking about that wasted time while in your fucking lambo
Yes, fucking Sony, Rory confirmed it on the slack
where?
The shilling is getting out of control.
THIS IS NOT the next ETH or ANS
seems like everyone else is totally overlooking it.Yeah, isn't Swift like a big deal?
Yet no one seems to care.
Or rather, doesn't even seem to notice.
Sony and AXA currently still have an actual smart contract running, for firewall uptime.
desu yes kek, I appreciate you faggots trying to get us in early.
Neither were they until they were.
I think a big part of why it's under the radar is that it's not been listed on any bigger exchanges- been working on their product since before blockchain became a meme- actual use cases (mainstream smart contracts is huge)- partnerships with Swift, etc.It really is simply a matter of time before this thing takes off
Where can i get a crystal ball like the one you have?
It has the potential to be MUCH bigger than ETH or ANS.Mainstream smart contracts.
Think about it.
(although it will logically lift ETH up since it runs on ETH)