Biz I'm fishing for some low caps?
Shill away
RLC is the next low cap moon mission
UFR, mcap is like 200k
AERON gonna get pumped hard.
nuls m8
DovuICXAstro
XBY7,5 M marketcapPlatform with new consensus algorithm PoSign80% of tokens will be locked in static nodes (similar to masternodes)2nd testnet going live soon.
See you on moonhttps://xtrabytes.global/whitepaper.pdf
4445371NULS GO GO GO
Posw will let people stake their coins without having to keep their computers on 24/7 while allowing the holder to keep 100% of his coins in ones possession
Rlc is all reward no risk IMO.
I'm all I'm

Personally, I'm heavy into Mothership - it's got the "Launchpad" coming out real soon with an ICO ready and there are rumors that it already got the license to work as an official financial institution in the EU, which makes me bullish.
Also, so many twitter shills are holding it, so you can expect nice shilling from all sides.
I think it is close to btc atl at this point, too
REQ
SUB my niggers
Florin is about to take off.
Zen Protocol .
$30M cap, in pre-sale right now, issuing 20% of tokens, and already have a testnet.Honestly one of the most interesting projects around, and one of the most technically sophisticated.
They don't seem to be pumping very hard though, which worries me
POSW.
Literally all the other options are trash.
I have that same rod and reel
POSWWhy?
And what does it mean to stake a node wtf?
LMAO
IOP
google search "coinxion telegram" .
Have a really good read, and when you get ur 5x please donate some to charity.
Thankyou
NULSLMAO
>low cap>high potentialPOSW wins chicken dinnerWhy?
- New dev team, monthly dividends, shared staking pool.- Currently running on testnet: Trustless Proof of Stake (TPOS) Protocol, masternodes, flash send (instant transactions), stealth send (in-wallet coin mixing for anon transactions)
Verge (XVG)I need the money!
REEEEE
Biggest Fish to catch is Trumpcoin.
Low cap, low supply, all it needs is marketing.
Ayyy lmao
ASTRO-token burn -exchangesBCPT-product-exchangesall before December
Everything on Cryptopia.
It's the only exchange with low marketcaps which actually have a future unlike the 2000 dead coins on Yobit.
UNIFY: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/unify/
Shield (XSH)
ODN
Coss and ODN are both good options right now with big developments in the next few months.
>DNAOnly on EtherDelta, not yet on coinmarketcap, $2.5m cap, product going live in January, large team, well capitalised, data all ready being added to purchase.Go research it.
You'll buy in then.
OCL