do you discuss cryptos and your portfolio with coworkers, friends, or family biz?
I'll start>late 2013>start trading shitcoins like PPC, NMC, and feather coin on btc-e, talk about it to a few coworkers because we are all techies>lose a few thousand in the great depression of 2014-2015 on various alts, but I end up learning how to actually trade and buy into ETH at sub-$10, and I tell them to buy in too (they don't)>them: "yeah, we actually went to school for finance and econ and you are just fucking gambling your money away dude">for years they berate me on how I'm no better than a retard with a "gambling addiction" and how I should be investing in real stocks hits, strike it big and cash out ~$30k without getting too greedy, had ~$25k total deposits over the years, and still currently have $90-95k in ETH that I never touched>them: "you got lucky, this is no different than going to the casino and winning in blackjack.
ETH is a shitcoin and you're going to lose everything">had enough, I use inspect element to change my gemini trade history to make it look like I sold my whole ETH stack, MMS them a screenshot of my "sell order">they believe it>them: "yeah, it's great that you had a windfall, but it's still stupid and no better than gambling and cryptos will never survive" and it still continues to this dayso yeah, I kind of wish I'd never talked to them about my holdings, or lied.
no one else knows about my stack though, I've thought about telling my family but I'm really not sure about that yet.
you NEVER talk to normies about crypto.
Most of them will try to put you down because of the possibility of you making it, it terrifies them to have a "friend" or "family" that is now a millionaire because he took risks.Or many of them are just retarded and really think that investing is just a gamble.If you win they will say "just luck", if you lose "we told you bro".
Fuck them, do your thing alone.
I honestly think they are jealous and just acting out.
I spent hours researching, trading, and cutting through fud 7 days a work during the summer and worked my ass off for those shitcoin gains.
my plan is to send them another screenshot once ETH hits 500-600 just to rub some salt in the womb.
just tell them to buy nuls
I told my parents and my sister, after trying to explain for weeks they still don‘t understand blockchain tech so I gave up.Tried explaining it to a bro but he also didn‘t get it and called it „gambling“.
Why would you want normalfags to know about crypto?You know the only reason we can see 10-100x gains is because normies don't know about alts yet, right?Don't fuck it up for the rest of us
more normie moni
Holy shit I fucking hate these types of people.
Muh its nothing but gambling, the price is unsure.
Look at the silver price charts or at the bombardier price charts and tell me this isn't random.
Oh it's not?
External factors affect the price?
Well the same applies to fucking crypto.
Never.show.your.power.level.
You guys should all be thankful for the public to still believe that BTC and crypto in general is "gambling" or scam.Thanks to them, we can still accumulate early on in the game.
You mean salt in the wound
no they definitely have vaginas
bragging about huge gains to people who might be jealous is a good way to get audited or even wrenched if they're dumb enough
Well, it's basically gambling except for btc
2013>buy BTC at $100>friends/family: "hey anon, do you know anything about Bitcoin?">"Bitcoin?
Never heard of it."
that's the thing though.
we are friends and hang out outside of work so money isn't supposed to matter.
so when I hit it big it wasn't a special announcement or bragging or anything, it was just supposed to be normal conversation.
but money changes people I guess, even between friends.
not just the person who gets the money but how other people view the person who got the money.
this.
I dont want my friends to know that I am basically a degenerate who spends all his time looking at charts, dumping shit on clueless fags who fomobuy into the flavour-of-the-day-hype, in order to increase muh btc
I know you're here JackFuck you, I'm bankrupt now!
This guy fucks, I haven't told anyone about my big gains because I will probably lose all of them being too greedy.