The majority of the richest BTC holders, including the majority of the miners, or people who want BTC to succeed and haven't sold their BCH before today?BCH is currently trading at less than 1/5 of BTC.
This means every BTC counts for taking 5 BCH out of circulation for Jihan, Ver & Co.
It means that their BTC is 5x as effective at causing the flippening than pro-BTC BCH sellers are at preventing the flippening with their BCH.When segwit2x was canceled and it shot up from 600 and it was clear the plan was a-go, it was already a foregone conclusion.
The flippening is happening whether you like it or not.They will just wait and accumulate at 5/1 power modifier while likely having more or at least equal BTC to begin with than their opposition has BCH.
Eventually resistance and selling of BCH will dry up, and they'll push, but not before that.
If sudden resistance appears, they will draw back, likely even selling some of their BCH on the way towards 1200-1300, then rebuying at that price again with a profit and repeat.
It's a "mini dump and pump" and it's a very good strategy to effect a longer term rise if you're an ultrawhale.If you can't find a logical hole in this reasoning, do yourself a favor and buy BCH before it's too late, or if your feefees tell you otherwise, at least sell BTC now at 6500 for ETH so you're safe.People who won't listen to reason can bookmark this for later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=42&v=k36sIRRdFSU [Embed]
agreed Anon.
what are you trying to say?
I hope somebody literally feeds this guy diahrreah soup
[Embed] [Embed]Oh good I'm glad we have this original thought piece to reflect on
I fucked up something and deleted the thread I made seconds before and copypasted.
The title was also different there so I fucked up the first sentence because it doesn't make sense without the title.I fucked up.The title was originally something like "What side has the most power in the flippening?
"Rest of the post clears the confusion though and the argument is still indisputable.
FUKAA YUU MODAA IF YU WANNA FUAK
Basically that every BTC Jihan and Ver & co sells is 5 times more effective than every BCH blockstream & co sells due to the current price difference.
This means that for every BTC blockstream takes out of circulation, Jihan & co takes out 5 BCH.
Eventually if this keeps going, the sells of BCH will dry up and then there will be very low resistance upwards for BCH for the flippening to happen.It is important to note that a lot of BCH was lost or never redeemed, and that the vast majority of sold BCH was probably sold at 250-400USD, which is somewhere around 20 BCH withdrawn from the market for every BTC they had to pay for it.
We're not mind-readers, Little Jihan.
Why not take a break from shekel-grubbing and learn to complete a thought in words
word your mother if you want wordJust ignore the first sentence.
you are insinuating that the people "want" BCH and BTC in equal parts.But this is where you're 100% wrong.Sure /biz/ doesn't care about who makes them money, but you have to understand that there are big differences between the coins beyond the ticker.Jihan Wu has attacked bitcoin too often, I will never own his coins, no matter what he creates or how much better they could be.Roger Ver is also a known criminal scammer.So yeah, not happening, sorry.
But blockstream is any better?
Turn your gaze to the accusers, rather than the accused in this scenario.
Classic banker trickery, the bankers completely run blockstream.
Biggest criminals in the world, so fuck you and your core cuckery
jihan is based, complete baller and your anger stems from jealousy
read again you fucking child retard low IQ motherfucker, do you just want to be spoon feed every piece of information?
wat is haasrate???
fuciking kill urself guy
You might be right.
My only concern is how bitcoin retains credibility in the eyes of the wider public if BCC comes out on top.
We all know bitcoin's been easily manipulated for years, but this is next level shit.
I've held my BCC from day one, so I'm not completely fucked whatever the outcome....
Most of my BTC is stuck in my wallet so I'll just have to ride this out I guess.
If it gets to 1:1 I will break out half my BCH and sell it for BTC.
I would finally have more than 100 BTC.
jihan and roger hurt muh fee-feesnot an argument
bch is a shitbag chinese alt and eth is death by token.
why promote these two shits?
>>BCH is currently trading at less than 1/5 of BTC.>>This means every BTC counts for taking 5 BCH out of circulation for Jihan, Ver & Co.>>It means that their BTC is 5x as effective...My Link is so fucking effective
most people don't give a shit about political conflicts.
They will use whatever suits them the most.
wow your hero worship just hit a new low.
maybe the turd from the goldbergs could be your next wall art shrine
talking supply out of circulationand what happens when coinbase releases all its' users BCH Jan 2018?
>OP trying to sound smart when he's trying to trick noobs into buying his expensive BCash bags
his coinIt's just bitcoin but scaled up and minor improvements.
Segwit is closer to a private entity owning something on a decentralized system.
stay mad, jihan could fuck your mom and you can do nothing
This is so ignorant of basic economics and game theory it's actually astounding.You imply that both are always selling everything at the same time, yet each side benefits by waiting to cause maximum damage.E.g.
Jihan and Ver sell their bitcoins to pump BCH to 0.75, at this point blockstream sells all their BCH to crash it.
Or blockstream accumulates BCH using (((a small loan) right now while the price is low and dumps it when the price is high, Jihan and Ver now have no bitcoins and have worthless BCH.It's basic game theory, but when you examine the fundamentals BTC has the edge, especially since fundamentally Blockstream can just sit on its ass accumulating BCH as 'insurance', meanwhile the pressure is on for Ver and Jihan who MUST cause a flip.
Also this ignore USDT/BCH and USDT/BTC transactions.
Honestly your whole post is retarded on many levels.
Forget about fucking Blockstream.The real, big whales in Bitcoin aren't neither pro-Core or pro-BCash or any other coin.
What they all agree upon is to stop any hardforks, so guess what side will always win.PS: Jihan knows this, he is just dicking around to amass more BTC.
Right I never agreed with OPs premise, just pointing out that even if his premise was true (Blockstream v Jihan and Ver) it isn't logically coherent.
THIS!
id rather use chainlink