HOLY FUCK ITS CRASHING!!!!
SELL SELL SELL
 usd>crashing
Yup.
Everyone's getting back into BTC in anticipation for the CME moon
lol its called waves you idiot, ride them, made $600 today with only 0.4 btc.
last chance to get it pre-$1000
how far will it go anon,anon im scared
CME won't want to invest in BTC shitcoin after this is done
What?
They specifically talk about the volatility and claim part of their goal is to reduce the swings.
Bitcucks are this desperate
Stop saying this it can go past 1kDONT BUY IF YOURE A MOONCHASER
trash
What do you mean?
I'm waiting to see if it hits ~$900 and I'll buy, it's looking pretty bullish, it looks like it might go ~$1.5k?
Truth is, there is no upward momentum and it MUST keep momentum or fail.
The longer the stagnation goes on, the more likely it is you're about to lose money.
Good luck anon!
I think the big whales behind this have run out of moneyWe are talking 7 billion in one day, thats insane
I bought at 150,000.
Should I sell?
Bitcoin crash will always go back to it's nature.
t. bitcoin holderWe promise to send you guys aid after we buy our lambos, but we'll send it in the coin of your people so it might take you a couple of years to get it.
at a loss?, yeah why not, see you yet again at 160k
4294234I've always treated BCH like the easy way to make BTC off of retards.
I have zero future hope in the thing.
That said it's looking like it might be going for another run up.
Hold for now
I don't want to be a pussy but I overinvested in this.
My fault.
And I really can't afford the loss.You aren't concerned with the lack of momentum?
Ok, thanks!
I see now some pretty big buys are coming through.
I figure they must want the price to go up.
Buy at 950 sell at 1000 rinse repeat
its running all weekend, ride the waves, buy the dips for 10% profit and your goodnot at all, been watching this pair all day and initially got in at at first at $850 and selling when it gets near $1050, done this 3 times now, easiest money ive ever made in crypto.
Watch out goys, big time profits to be taken, may or may not be temporary
this
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH IT'S OVER!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh what the fuck do I do I want to buy bch but I feel like its just FOMO at this point and its not worth, Should I wait for dip or just never buy bch
its barely even started yet, te volume speaks for itself.
look at order books, u are still save to buy
thanks :)
You guys ready for this?