How can other blockchains even compete?
Pack up your toys.
Ethereum already won the game.
Further reminder that ethereum renders all other cryptos fundamentally obsolete and outclassed in every aspect.This image is being circulated among fund managers and traders
4534850it's like you created 3 threads in one!
Have to hammer the message home.
There’s a lot of bitcoin bagholders among us that haven’t yet got the memo.Ethereum has made bitcoin obsolete.
renders all other fundamentally obsolete and outclassed in every aspect.yeah, yeah, yeah... so did Betamax, once upon a time.Now get the fuck off my lawn.
here are a couple of rules, newfriend:1) /biz/ is borderline pleb-tier and doesn't own nearly enough market cap to cause a dent in any major crypto space.
so your efforts are a waste.2) I only own eth, and I also realize both bitcoin and eth are beneficial to each other's ecosystem.
Trust me, nobody wants only one major store of value.
Find a more sensible war to wage
Trust me, nobody wants only one walmart>Trust me, nobody wants only one google>Trust me, nobody wants only one amazon
misses context entirelyt.
brainlet
comparing ETH to those pissant little enterprises
Name something that bitcoin can do that ETH cannot.
)
/biz/ is borderline pleb-tier and doesn't own nearly enough market cap to cause a dent in any major crypto space.
so your efforts are a waste.I used to believe this, but I have seen some really spooky posts over the lasts 2 months that implied knowledge of things that would happen down to the half hour that could only be known through being or knowing hyperwhales.I know Vitalik visits biz sometimes, he meme arrows.
Pretty sure Roger Ver visits biz too.
The massive organized psy-ops from BTC are also strange if biz doesn't matter.There are unannounced elder gods among us, I used to think it wasn't the case, but I have seen too many strange things to still doubt.I shiver at the thought.
you're a fucking retard
how are these things relative?
you are a literal FUCKING RETARD
4535073Have you kids ever heard of the fabulous legend of the highlander?
In the fight for attention, there can be only one.
There's more to this world than sword fighting, and coin tossing.
Can't waste your time on micromanagement... so people let the market decide for them, or at least narrow it down to comfy levels (how how can burgers count on average?)
Everything is related, if not the same, given an appropriate level of abstraction.
This isn't mico-economics, and people are lemmings, if not sheep.
that's not the point I was making, fuckwit.to put it more simply for you: it doesn't benefit investors to only have one major store of value.
arbitrage is a useful tool.fuck this board is stupid sometimes
arbitrage is a useful tool.so is competition
arbitrage is a useful tool.yes it is.
it also a class taught in most financial disciplines.
Kek where is doge, whales only use it
Be heard of by anyone other than crypto traders.
this guy gets it
 I legit want to believe this
4535282So nothing.
CIA posts on /pol/>TayTay on /b/>Barron Trump on /aco/many more such cases
stop larping
he doesn't believe
I also believe this, along with biz actually having a bigger audience/influence than people give it credit for.My only concern is that we potentially mislead those people (not to imply that they're naive fuckwits, who don't actually know that much).
I've been dead wrong about a lot of things I've posted here, in hindsight.
I can only make adjustments to my thoughts, after the fact.