>High demand for organs; a lot of people die waiting for donors>Family member willingly writes that his organs will be sold for his family>Family of the deceased receives almost a million dollars for all the organs sold>The deceased died happy knowing his family will be comfortableWhy the fuck is this not a thing?
The organs just end up rotting anyway.
People would be more willing to donate organs if there was a financial incentive for their family.
>I can get $262,000 for my kidneyhm
Did you even think before typing this?
sell kidney>all-in LINK>buy 20x more kidneys next year>tfw when you can drink all the liquor you want for the rest of your life
Whats wrong with it?
Its logically sound.
The only problem is moral concerns.
Why the fuck is this not allowed?A lot of people die because of lack of donors for their health problem.
Step 1.
Family member writes it in WillStep 2.
If you are related, kill them with "accident"Step 3.
Profit
You'll still end up with liver cirrhosis kek
even if you have the money there is a huge waiting list for a kidney
problem with people faking the willDoesnt that same problem apply to every "will"?
Kill your family member and get the house etc.They can easily verify the family member's consent by getting several testimonies from doctors or legal entities as part of his will.
Yep you're so smart.
You sit in front of the computer and post on 4chan.
You should be setting the guidelines in organ transplantation not transplant surgeons or bioethicsits.
You.
I think you make a fair point, the organs go to people in need, and the money goes to the families.
Although Organ are donated are they not?
Noone receives money from this unless its on the black market?
Thats why im asking biz, im curious why this is not a thing.
Why are you so butthurt when someone is eager to learn?
It makes sense logically for everyone.
It probably is a sin.
Apparently the organs maintain some kind of consciousness of their previous owners, apparently they are not just ‘parts’ that can be interchanged in any which way.We are not just a physical existence, and neither are our organs.
IT doesn't.
You need to read more.
silly goyhe thinks the organs are not harvested at the morgue by big pharma themselfs before the burialsilly silly goy
 Although Organ are donated are they not?Hence the lack of donors.
People are wired for incentives.
Why the fuck would i donate my organ and go through the hassle of doing any type of paperworks aside from the feel-good feeling?
There needs to be financial incentives.
Isn't it obvious this whole western culture worships the flesh it would take a real break in the psyche to cause the masses to start selling organs.
why would they pay you when they don't have to, lol.
morons
he thinks the organs are not harvested at the morgue by big pharma themselfs before the burialAnd the family doesnt receive shit.
Only people in the black market makes any profit.
Tell me again why it makes sense for the current system prohibiting family members to receive the profit of organ selling to continue?
why would they pay you when they don't have to, lol.
moronsThen have fun with the lack of organ donors.
A lot of people die because of lack of donors.
Why would anyone donate aside from the feel-good effect of charity?
Isn't it obvious this whole western culture worships the flesh it would take a real break in the psyche to cause the masses to start selling organs.Which makes no fucking sense logically.
Especially given that a lot of people die waiting for organs do be donated.
Its a win-win for both parties if assuming everything legal is implemented and enacted strictly.
China is 10 steps ahead of you anon.
Prisoners?
More like organ farm.
Normies get too upset to care about organ money though.
Trump should have left the basketball americans there to get their organs farmed
In my country (Uruguay) your organs go for donation automatically (unless you ask them no to because of your religion or some bullshit)
Nothing about the economy has to "make sense" just accept this life is just a meaningless game and move on.
Most people who die are old and decrepit
Wouldn't it be better if instead of the government receiving all of the money from your family members organs, that it went to you instead?
You're allowing the government to essentially make half a million dollars off of your dead family member, while you're stuck with burial costs, debt passed on, inheritance (if there is any) tax, dealing with insurance company if you have one for the payout, etc.
Have you heard of public healthcare?
yeah, youre right.
everything is better kept in the hands of a centralized government instead of its people.
Autonomy blows.
4449272as a doctor let me explain some aspects why an organ should be donated and not soldin many cases, someone needs an organ as a life saving tool - either theyve damanged it from an accident, were born with a genetic disease, or other factors have caused it to not be as functional as yours or minethe organ needs to go through pathology, through a myriad of lab testsin many cases emergency surgery needs to be set up, doctors and a myriad of assistance staff need to be involved/mobilised, the organ needs to be transported and flown to location etc etc.
In a public healthcare system this is already costing +++the pt now has to also be on a myriad of anti-rejection drugs and other stuff, regular clinic appts etc to make sure the organ works well.
since it usually is emergency surgery from a willing donor, i'm not sure if its able to be matched biochemically to its donor (ie.
HLA matching) so theres always the very real risk of rejection etc.theres so many factors already that make organ transplanting such a blown up cost in itself, why would you try and make it worse for the parties involved?
the governments not making money, its LOSING money trying to make people live.in a privatised healthsystem im sure it pans out differently (likely for worse for those without $$$)but hey, now you see why this is such a bad idea for those involved.
I understand you wanna make some money though, but see whats actually involved hey - you dont wish to be on the other hand of this, especially not if now you're needing to foot the extra bill of the donor organ
I hate states as much as everyone on this site (at least) but not because of the healthcare it provides.
I opt to use private healthcare but I've used the pu lic service in the past and I'm glad it exists.
ooohhh this is fucking interesting.
thanks for the info anon.
so it all boils down to the government losing money?
Do you think money is more important than human life?That is extremely fucked up, we all know money isnt shit
Do you think money is more important than human life?No i believe in freedom in choosing who gets to benefit from my organs
Because all the perverse incentives will be there.And here is how it will realistically go down - relatives pressuring people dying people who are healthy enough to donate to die faster by withholding care, etc...We should be aiming for artificially grown organs anyway, these stop gap solutions only take money away from funding the real solution.
in a real 1st world country, unlike the shitty US, organ donations are mandatory if you do not explicitly choose to refuse.
So when you drop dead out of the blue and were healthy as it gets, your organs will be harvested.
I know socialism is like the pest to you guys.
But with this method, these countries have an enormous rate of transplants compared to other countries.
And transplants go all across borders.
For europe, this means that if your country is doing organ donation mandatory, you have the possibility to receive organs from all other european countries which are participating in the same manner.
This results in a reduced waste of good organs and an increased transplant rate, because there is always a receiver who fits.
That sounds like you value money mlre than human life>benefit
Yeah, government is losing money to the private industry getting all of that done.
If it was private to begin with then those costs wouldn't be so inflated to make themselves more money.
As for your "Oh no poor people will have a harder time" argument, don't you think more and more organs would be on the market if everyone who died had a trustee to sell their organs, thus lowering prices and increasing access to it?
Putting it into the hands of the state allows their friends companies to make money, takes money literally out of your family and friends bodies, and has you pay for it via taxes.
Yeah, sounds real fuckin' legit.
shitty us>mandatory organ donation in your country>state can take your organs and sell them, but you can'tgood komrade, good to see Europe still bows down to its masters as easily as ever.
So what if I do?
There are hundreds of millions of people in this world right now who are killing to be in a position those living in the USA and modern countries are in.
I'm supposed to just feel bad and give them my space, comfort, security, and wealth just because theyre people?
I don't feed stray dogs on the street I'm not going to feed a person either.
They are autonomous creatures that are capable of making their own lot in life.
They'd love to benefit off of me and my countries affluence, but the idea of me profiting off of them is "bad"?
Go fuck yourself.
You're so superior for disenfranchising yourself to build up inferior beings?
Keep doing it and soon you'll find yourself amongst them.
Keep sharing that bread and water man, it'll really make a difference.
Because when you die your organs become worthless almost immediately.For your organs to be worth anything you need to be alive.
What value does money add to my life?>security>comfort>influence>superfluous luxuriesWhat value do people add to my life?>performing the tasks which they are given bread crumbs to doThat's it.
If people weren't so fucking shitty and only doing things to gain their own little sphere of power and control in this world I'd have no problem helping them.
It isn't the case though.
They're simply using you as a means of increasing their own lot in life.
You're using them as a means of feeling better about yourself, at the expense of decreasing your lot in life.
Hope those "feels" are nice, because that's the only return you're going to be seeing on that investment.
Don't worry, they'll come back for more and you can "feel" even better then giving them more of your shit.
Daily reminder that Jews are not allowed to donate organs, that's why Israel has the world wide biggest market of illegal "gifted" organs.Please stop killing american celebrities OP!
Yes because kidneys metabolize alcohol.
ughyou're so narrow minded in wanting to make money you just lose all sense of rationality and reason.the private industry isnt getting all of that done.
the government is.
often these costs are so inflated because private MAKES it inflated and charge exorbitant prices to do stuff - not all the time mind you.no, i dont think more and more organs would be on the market.
its a reply requiring more than a small text box, but no this is not as simple as you think it is organs are a time-sensitive matter, and often aren't viable in every single case of death.
you can't just use a 90 year old's heart, you can't use a young person's heart which has been damaged in a motor vehicle accident, you can't use an old kidney which is already in renal failure/affected by years of diabetes etc etc.more organs would be on the market if more people signed up to be organ donors.
I believe you're currently healthy, because you wouldn't be saying if you had ANY medical problem at all.
fucks sake
are you one of the 70+% americans who don't have a passport?
fuck me you're a jaded little spoilt fuck aren't you.
just because you were born into the privilege of growing up in a 1st world country doesn't give you any step up in power.people usurping and benefitting off 'your country's affluence'?
go fuck yourself you're probably just a parasite who can't get a good job and you're screaming 'dey took muh jerbs!'
cos some other hard working SOB managed to put in more hours and effort than you to get there.jimmies rustled, but topkeks anyway
People eat animal organs all the time.
Nothing happens to them.
I actually would do this, how can I do it in the northeast US?
I want to start a business.Imagine having your kidney taken out and the buyer wasn't legit?
That would suck balls.
Ohiofag here, also kind of curious about this