It's happened...
It was only inevitably so, that this would come to pass.
The flippening has already happened before your very eyes, but you're too dumb to see it.
The trading volumes of both BCH and ETH on poloniex are already much higher than BTC's trading volume.
The onyl reason why BTC prices are higher, is because of the buy/sell orders, which are overpriced.
If you know anything about investing or trading... you know it is only a matter of time before BCH and ETH have a higher price than BTC (especially BCH).
Increase in volume comes before the increase in price.
It could take months, maybe one month... it could happen right now, as a matter of fact.
As soon as the people holding ETH and BCH decide, they could set the sell price of both to BTC's level, and then the price flippening would be complete.
The fact you have to take into consideration is that the volume is the clear indicator of value increase.
It is over for the fake bitcoin... BTC is officially dead.
You've been warned for the last time.
Thanks, bought 100k
ur a tremendous faggot
Cashiers always sound so desperate
Dubs don’t lie
>As soon as the people holding ETH and BCH decide, they could set the sell price of both to BTC's levelYes.
Just like Linkies, if they could all come together and act collectively to set the price of their coin at 8k could do the same.
The issue is coming together and collectively agreeing a price you nuclear grade retard.
what if I told you there are bots involved... in the exchanges.
And that the whales and certain exchanges planned this all along, through insider trading?
What if their goal is to liquidate all the losers, keep the money for themselves and then exit scam?
But of course, this would never happen... BTC is too big to fail, right?
Who decides BTC's price and why would they allow you to succeed just by holding BTC?
What makes you think that the 1% won't just plot, from behind your backs, to liquidate all of you?
But hey, "Uncle Toshi" is just a conspiracy theorist, mkay?
Prepare the pink wojaks...
I have a bad feeling about all of this.
Remember this warning, for it shall be yours forever...
what if I told you ...If you told me that I would tell you to go long on tinfoil futures.
The trading volumes of both BCH and ETH on poloniex are already much higher than BTC's trading volumeThats because BCH and ETH are mooning and BTC isnt.
What are you, an idiot?
Go look at a daily chart how much volume BTC had when it was mooning.I want all the fucking retards giving "advice" to leave
As always, OP is a faggot
show some respect to your dad
 higher volumelmao youre a faggotall alt's together have more volume than BTC ALWAYS
You will see what I'm talking about... soon.