LRCGet in niggasWe goin to Mars
already in
been in nigga
>people are calling it a PnD
oh fuk lads we're challenging ATH again
I got like $20 in thisWhy should I hold it again?
https://us5.campaign-archive.com/?u=466bdbd90d1a5b0e6f7ef0eab&id=6dbb733664
This is it I thinkDeffo breaking 265
holy fug
This is your last chance to buy this coin sub 270 before the conference tomorrow
would you happen to know what time its happening?
New ATH
275 broken
we hit 24 cents last time but yea its nice
Why use the old logo?
Nostalgia
i seem to recall this token doesn't have any economic value?
tomorrow's moon will say otherwise
2800 sats!!!
300 when
Tomorrow after the conference
I hope we break 3000 before I go to sleep
after conference we going to 3500 ez
when should i sell??
What's causing this pump?
Should I get in?
The NEON Dex whose whitepaper launches in like 12ish hours is tied with 2 coins mainly; NEO and LRCAlso LRC will likely be mentioned at the neo conference, drawing in people who weren't familiarA lot of capital is going to flow from NEO to LRC thenand also bittrex listing within 2-3 weeks
Great, thanks man.
What sort of entry should I be looking at?
Source on Bittrex rumors?
I'm honestly bad at tradingI just bought when I heard they were gonna be at the neo conference and have been holding in anticipation
You're a good man.
Cheers, I'll look into it too.
They were in one of the last threads, let me dig it up real quick
http://chinacryptonews.com/news/interview-loopringHere you go.
Ctrl + F bittrex
 what eth??
satoshisas in, about 20% more than it is now
ATH?
I sold it a 5k sats in the beginning of October.
think he meant in terms of fiat price
thats just under 0.30 usd??
should bebut seeing as where we are now with so long until the conference I think we may be going even higher3500 is starting to look conservative
if the conference goes well and LRC gets the attention it deserves we could see 4k sats no problem.
Do we know what time the conference is yet?
is it worth putting all my eth into lrc i only have like 0.5 seems eth is tanking
3100 just breachedwhen I made this thread we were at 2500
I'd do it.
There's no way this isn't going higher
the exact time is hard to pin down, just be on high alert for the next 10 hours or so.if eth is tanking then moving to lrc is the obvious choice.
lrc will probably move up 20% or more in the next 24 hours.
then sell and buy back eth at a cheaper price... you have just earned yourself more eth.even if lrc doesnt moon and stays the same and eth tanks, then you still earned more eth if you buy back.
lrc will probably move up 20% or moreprobably why?
https://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7e
another dip for those who haven't gotten in yet
>warned them to buy at 230>warned them to buy at 250>warned them to buy when it dipped to 260>warned them to buy when it dipped to 285the conference is still a ways away.
hopefully people don't need any more warnings
Can someone explain why I see people referring to the price as 260, 280, 300, etc... aren't we forgetting an extra zero if we're talking sats here.
Because it's 3000 sats no?
Yeah i don't know if it's enough and considering selling the pump, the projects OKish but unloading over to the NEO or even the ETH dip if you like seems like the play here.
+20% of course isn't nuts in this game but I'm not feeling the momentum.
I dunno people get what you meanvery rarely do coins trade on new orders of magnitude
Yup
kek CFD came close
I guess you're right cause I definitely understood hahalmfao this got me.
still movin on up - when get out?
i don't know anon, i'm struggling to make a call either way here
Don't, The marketcap is still really low and they are in talks with Bittrex.
This is yet to be another P'n'D like POWR.
Still way too late to get in at 2600 sats or what?