P OF L IN PIC AS PROMISED.
RED LIPS STANDING BY.
Oh boy I can't wait for $9k in a week or so
Headed for 14k new ATH, Virgin Trader.
nice thumbnail
why dont you have a trip
Big Guy Craft 101, ppgs 4562 - 4568.
For (you)
Not a Tripkiddie.
Been using passports for P of L and P of I for decades.
Rubberduck standing by.
Over.
whats p of lshould i buy bitcoinwhats a whale
PBC bust quick rundown?
P of I is " Proof of Identity".
P of L is "Proof of Life", and something an Operative has to have before initiating a Rescue or Trade operation.
PBC picked dash (Lol) but we all know POWR is where its at.
Shills DashThat should be enough.
FYI; Ignore 10 - 14 BTC headfake sell orders.
He does not really want to sell.
He just throws them out for a few minutes at a time to spook you and suppress the price so he can accumulate before the spring uncoils, and we go to 14K.
oh shit that was it?
bit fucking late
Please shill shitcoin in another thread, or you will be reported to Wetworks.
ETA on fuelling?
From being in previous threads, fueling almost complete if same as last 3.
Fueling complete.
Someone really hates oldfagbiztard.
If I was him, I would short before next posting.
He could make millions by reverse psyching these Mongs.
4d chess.
Lol.
who the fuck is oldmanbiztard?
No one you need to concern yourself with.
Move along.
is he the guy who solved the oracle problem?
This might be another fake biztard.
Something doesn't feel right
You mad bra?.
He cost you money in BCH by exposing your scam?
You're confused.
OFBT is my hero.
I see
Definitely fake oldfag; fuck this guy.
No trip code; not legit.
Lol.
Its him.
He has Enemies in the Crypto world now.
Enemies as Powerful as he is.
Lol.
He's not chatty enough.
And would the real biztard use a peewee Herman pic?
He's cooler than that
So what you're saying is he's a fucking larping faggot and has no power?
Here comes the tether crash, prepare to get Goxxed.
Hes Batman.
Hes pissing you off and making you go on a tear.
THAT is Power.
His Power over ( you) lol.
In the rage of your tantrum, you have committed some errors in the last hour.
Overlooked a couple of things .
he went 10x long @ 8kkek.
We're crashing this coin with no survivors
How ya feelin', buddy?
Just trade stawks
He went short, fool.
he went short>BTC runupYou mean he fucking lied to all the good /biz/raelis so he could stack up more shekels?
Wow, I love this pajeet!
>pretending like the LARPer had anything to do with it
Where'd he go?
Did he kill himself?
Feelin great.
Been playing 5d chess since I was a kid lol.
The Oracle speaks, true wisdom requires but few words.
being this much of a sore loserWhen you made this post BTC was at 8200.
Now it is sub 7800.
You lost money and you are trying to play it off.
You're a loser.
You'll always be a loser.
Just kill yourself.
WARNING.
DO NOT INSTALL ANY TETHER UPDATES.
THIS MAY BE PART OF THE ATTACK.
I never lose money.
I have accountants pay for it all.
Lol.
he literally employs (((them)))I just feel bad for you now.
I'm back.
had to answer a lot of emergency phone calls.
Also had to document all of the evidence we needed to bag the Tether Joker.
the quicker we get him in a Black site, the quicker we can continue the Bitcoin Climb.
And as for PeeWee Herman, it is just how I realistically see a lot of the Crypto Scammers.
lol you are some 40 year old bald fat neet living in moms basement, larping on a Peruvian chinchilla husbandry forum to cope with your crippling autism-induced depression
, still an Operator, and more hair on my head than you have on your ass, Boyo.lol
I've met two masters of the game in my life, the first one would be out of his league with you.
Aaaaand up we go.
Who was Iron Hands, Who panick sold, and who got a bunch more $7,800 Bitcoin?
Report in.
For (You)
TEEKA WAS RIGHT....DASH IS PUMPING!!!
BUY BUY BUY!!!!!!!
Any time there is a bump with bitcoin, dash does rise a bit.
Bitcoin will recover faster than Dash rises, and the Dash rise usually only lasts for 30 to 45 minutes.
So, don't get caught bending over to pick up the soap over there if you go.
4479098ITS ALL A PART OF THE PLAN TEEKA MASALA NEVER LEADS HIS LAMBS ASTRAY.
THIS IS THE BULLTRAP BEFORE THE DASHENING
Dash.
Up 3% Pumping.
lmao.
You so funneh.
I think your Google Maps borke, M8.
Much bork, yes.
And now, Ladies and Gentlemen, we will climb back toward ATH.
We will have one more dip after that to form a double bottom, as is customary, and after that, we are fully fueled, and ready for Liftoff.
Wr understand and accept your double bottom.
You are The Operator and The Engineer, so you should collect double fees .
Ummmm, I dont mean to be disresoectul, but I dont see another dip.
Looks like straight up to new ATH.
Padme, correct you may be, Yes, but double dip there could be.
Savant?
Feel this is you do I.
H-how?
o=p
Main Engines firing.
May The Force Be With You.
I must sleep some, what passport should i look for in the future?
Same.
Ending in 3.
Different colored paper.
Different tear ,lots of small details obvious to the trained eye.
A volume, a diatribe in one pic.
Date relevant.
Sleep Well.
BTC was at 8200.
Now it is sub 7800.
You lost money and you are trying to play it off.Not very many people yet have a basis above $7800.
Almost nobody 'lost money'.Looking at the way you seem to makes it virtually impossible to have an honest conversation about how to value an asset.
Do you discount all value when the price drops 5%?
Presidential Debate Quality Post.
+10 (you)
KKtpo out.
Second Stage Boosters firing.
Second Tranche Reinforcements arriving.
C-can I help?
I can tell you, when you feel you are almost over run, it is a beautiful thing to see and hear Air Cav topping the rise behind you.
Thread theme is now "Ride of the Valkyrie".
Gald you made it.
Just in time.
Snake and Nape.
Danger close.
Light 'em up.
Do you think it will hold at ~8000 or keep going up?
Bittcoin Shuttle, all systems nominal.
You are go for Rollover and Throttle Up.
Houston out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1L2qXzMS9Tg
Correct were you, Padme.
The Savant has always been Older and Wiser.
The ancient of Days.
Third Stage Boosters firing.
Beautiful get.
Could you be a dear and post " Ride of the Valkyrie" vid for everyones viewing pleasure.
It is very appropriate.
This is a Day of Days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqtehtSB0LI
What is "PBC"?
I never follow this stuff.
Someone is going to be pink wojacking about that 20 BTC they just dumped so cheap.
lol
"Outstanding, Red Leader, getcha a case a' beer for that one".
Tweeka.
We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin' dink body.
Another appropriate theme is Iron Man.
Oldfag haz his Revenge that he swore on alts for the two asshats that shhok out PWR.
OLDFAG sworr he would bring nack BTC from the ptecipice to crush all Alts in retribitiin.
Now, what are the odds of that?
I'd say the odds are good.
That Riddick is still alive
For (you)
Support at 8050 for the night.
Precog Action, Intervention, and recovery Mission complete.
mission accomplished.
Great job all.
I have word this may go on a tear tonight over and above the Mission I have conducted, so, "Stay Frosty".
Next obstacle is $8500.
TAKE YOUR PROTEIN PILL AND OUT YOUR HELMET ON
CAN YA HEAR ME MAYJA TOM?
For here am I floating in my tin can, faaaar above the world!
Planet earth is blue, and there's nothing I can do
4480674Support moved up to $8150
If BTC is so good and moon missiony, why the need to shill it???
Nicholas, we are not "shilling".
I conducted a Pre Cog Intervention and Recovery mission, and now we are all participating in Group Euphoria of a Successful Mission.
We don't want The High to end.
We know there will be more.
But once you have achieved La Petite Muerte, it takes a Master to draw such a thing out and make said orgasmic state last for hours.
It is a highly sought after skill.
I believe The Savant was correct.
We may see a new ATH tonight.
Support moved to $8190
So half the board already knows that the golden rule of crypto is "buy bitcoin".
Why?
Because it goes up.
It just keeps going up.
So this guy (or guys) makes threads "predicting" the obvious and inevitable market trend, and pretends to have special skills or predictive abilities, etc.
Sometimes he (or they) even pretends to have some causative influence.
It's not shilling really, just some /biz/raeli roleplaying for fun while he makes money from nothing, like you ought to be doing.
Just ignore anything that looks like TA and have fun getting rich.
Legendary Shit habbenz when Oldfag shows up.
Admit it.
Bed Time Story; when I 'twas but a wee Lad like many of you, I took a test at The Thunderbird Institute.
It was an Abstract Reasoning test.
The only one to ever score higher in the history of the Institute was a Colonel in the 944th from Luke Air Force Base in Glendale, Arizona.
Ladies and Gentlemen, we are on The Dawn of a New ATH.
See?
Fun.
Tell us about your midichlorian count.
the market corrects everything.
it doesn't matter if it is a scam or not, if it takes a month or a century...
Careful.
Too high, and (you) become Darth Vader.
I saw one of the Premier Showings in the U.S.. at the Cine Capri.
You can't slip one past me .
Seems to me it was around 1976, and I was 13 at the time.
I had just graduated a year early as Valedictorian, and the Ticket was a Graduation gift.
bought the minidip ama
Good work.
My youngest son bought the mini dip.
He is up 3.3K How much have you made tonight?
lol
What price to buy the bottom of the double bottom?