>be me, depressed borderline suicidal>didn't get drugs because it was cold and windy and browsing 4chan felt better of an idea>$56>put into nuls and becomes 300 when I take it out 36hrs or so later, keep as BNB>BNB goes up in btc, sell close to ATH> $350>shitnigga.png>put into BCC at $650 per>BCC moons and is still mooning>have been putting pizza hut delivery tips into other altcoins nightly since last Sunday night hours ago i almost killed myself and now I've got a lot of money for a man living frugally but happily in poverty to last a few months because I was too cold to go out and buy drugs before ending nyself>in some way literally getting /comfy/ and browsing 4chan saved me.>now i have enough money to get on my feet and deciding to not suicide I have a new outlook on life gives me motivation to improve my quality of life/biz/ you have helped people in more ways than onePic kinda related, inside the pizza hut.
No basements
This happened to me too.What you do now is use leverage, then multiply those gains.I'm that plus500 shill that keeps going around.I made a discord where there's 14 people and I talk about gains and some people probably listen.https://discord.gg/wdxGh8aPic related is of my minor gains, the more money you have the more it starts to multiply.Then when you lose you'll be crabby until you have a win, when you win you will feel like you've had your drug fix and are normal.I do pretty impressive with platinum, but crypto not so much, but that's ok, I made $3400 out of $300 now I'm down to $2800 through shitty trades on crypto because I'm bad.
Are you the dude who spent all your bitcoins on pizzas back in 2013?
Haha noIs plus500 a crypto shorting site?
I feel like I've heard that name recently.
Will look into the discord link in 2 hours after I'm off work.
Does the link last that long?
have been putting pizza hut delivery tips into other altcoins nightly since last Sunday nighthttps://stocks.exchange/trade/ELLA/BTC/1M
The links set to never expire.Yeah you can short and buy crypto, I couldn't buy BCC earlier though which was gay.
How are you depositing tips into crypto so fast?
My bank transfer to he's a is still pending
faggot don't kill yourself over money.
don't you know you save the lives of the other would be suicidals who order pizza and come to realize pizza is life?
weather the storm bud.
read rich dad poor dad.
it will change your perspective on life in a positive way.
Take it as a sign, bro.Don't give up (and I usually suggest to do it and livestream it, but after all you're a cool dude who gambled on cryptos instead of being a waste of the society).I don't know if you have even basics knowledge of FA or TA, probably was your lucky shot, in other circumstances NULLS would've been a total scam, BNB would've dipped and BCC drama never happened.credit card?
You Made another Person poor thats now suicidal
4311784 (OP)>How are you depositing tips into crypto so fast?
My bank transfer to he's a is still pendingBeen driving to ATM, deposit into account, then instant buy with Coinbase and transfer to the appropriate exchanges.
More effective to instant buy because i can work with my shit right away versis waiting and saving 5 dollars.
My bank transfet of btc i did at 7.4k look how that is gonna turn ou.t it's still not available yet.
you're welcome anon.
Haha maybe we'll see.
I'm fully out of it now
If there is a god, the want you to live.
And so does everyone on /biz.
Treat yourself to a hot shower and relax, you've earned it.
OP here,at home now, joined the discord group.
I will be active on it tomorrow, time for me to go to bed.
I appreciate the invitation!
That's fucking awesome man, happy for ya.
Nice to see something good come out of this cesspool once in a while.