Greedy chinese miners want you to buy into their Core vs. Cash narrative.
Don't swallow their bullshit.The only value of BTC core was that it acted as a "digital gold" that the rest of the market was pegged against.
It looks like Jihan and Ver have succeeded in killing this status.
They now want you to believe BCC will become "digital gold".
That will not happen.
Bitcoin as a brand will be irreparably damaged by this power play.Don't fall for their tricks.
They are smarter than you, wealthier than you, and they control the market.
They will dump on your ass before you know what happened.
If you really care about the future of crypto and want to make a sound investment, buy some ETH, XMR or an asic resistant coin of your choice.
Do NOT buy into their false core vs. cash narrative.
Selling your core for cash is buying right into their grubby little hands.
Kill BCH and BTCAllow a new better crypto to rule
Exactly.BTC was always destined to die and be replaced by a technologically superior coin.
This has simply sped things up.
Jihan and Ver want you to believe that the replacement has to be BCH.
Why should it be?
BCH suffers from most of the same flaws as core.
We have many superior options to choose from now that BTC is dead.
I don't give a fuck as long as I make money.
Only retards care about the drama.
Wow, probably the first non shitpost I've been on /biz/ in a while.Holding in ETH/LTC until the dust settles.
Core Tactic #5: XenophobiaPretend a country of more than a billion people all thinks the same and all have agreed to secretly conspire to do...something.
Something bad.
And that's why Bitcoin is hitting the shitter.
massive faggot detected
They are smarter than you, wealthier than you, and they control the market.Sounds like good reasons to go along with it then
BCH suffers from most of the same flaws as core???
Do you ever stop making threads pajeet?
Who is giving you shekels to keep shit posting?
MB isn't a proper scaling solution.
It just kicks the future problem a little farther down the road.
Plus BCH is pretty much run by one fucking guy
Digital Gold based on what?
Never using it and hoping people buy more.
We can see what happens if a store of value is never used and people start selling.
BCH wants to be Cash, that's why it has cash in its name.
A coin that should actually be used.
It's still POW.
BCH base block size is 8MB.
It is dynmaic and doesn't need a fork to increase block size.
DYOR
Infinitely increasing block size won't fucking work.
The size requirements will be insane.
Plus as the other guy said PoW is ass
The Chinese aren't people, they are insects.
BCH can also implement sidechains + it can handle transactions now
4328715Burgers are scared because this HAS EVERYTHING to do with Them vs Chinesse.
Do you think is coincidence Trump went to suck China's cock and all this started?
USA is like BTC, old, slow tech, cucks and brand.> Hows that MAGA going?
Time to short?
>hodling ETC, LTCif you're that worried why not just convert to fiat entirely?
There are plenty of other coins out there that are far more suited to be used as cash, coins that were built from the ground up for this purpose.
If BTC is going to die, why does BCC have to replace it?
All it has is a fucking name, and you know.
it .
Your ID changing in different threads doesn't mean that we don't understand all you do is copypasta you newfag.
How did /biz/ become a haven for paid shills who doesn't even know the first thing about internet?
"Bitcoin a digital peer to peer electronic cash".
How can i make it more obvious as to what bitcoin was invented for.Just look at the white paper Certanly not for holding it and doing nothing with it
You're dodging my point, Whatever the original intent, BTC is clearly not currently fit for that purpose.
If it is to be replaced, why does it have to be by BCH?
It doesn't.
So the best choice now is to say bye bye to the bloated shitheap that is the bitcoin family and invest in something worthwhile.
I agree with you.
Any other alt can be cash.
I just don't understand people who are ok with 50$ transaction fees and days of confirmation time only because BTC is a "store of value" when it has no use.
People only hope it gets pumped
I'm not ok with high transaction fees and ultimately I think the death of BTC will be a good thing.
I'm just not happy with a sociopath like Roger Ver taking advantage of people who see the name"Bitcoin" and instantly assume they are going to get rich.
Core tactic>post promoted ETH and XMR
Face it bitcucks, BTC and BCH are both DEPRECATED!!!
DEPRECATED!!!
DEPRECATED!!
!Fuck this shitcoin drama nonsense.
All hail the new king, Ethereum.
Everyone who points out the obvious fact that Ver and Jihan are scumbags is a core cuck now.