rich crypto faggot hereI have just under 500k in UK pounds in crypto's, mostly bitcoin and I also have lots of BCH since I kept them in the same address but they're a meme so w/e.I want to cash out and buy property in the UK, maybe 3 flats and rent them out and retire, how can I cash out without paying captial gains tax?
I am thinking about saying I won them gambling, I will withdraw 5k from my bank account then sit for a while then withdraw the 500k from exchanges to my bank and claim to the HMRC that I won them gambling on anonymous bitcoin casinos, maybe doctor up a few fake transactions or something, will I pass the money laundering checks to buy property?
chinks seem to buy property all over the UK with commie money but what about me?
Has 500k and can't consult with cool lawyer.
Pay 500 pounds and he will tell you what to do.
Simple.
Give him 2k, but don't forget you can save like 10-20%, so 2k looks like just and expensive burger
Holy shit anon cash out your BCH right now while it's at ATH.
Partner up with someone (me) and I'll unironically cash out half in my name so as to lighten the load on your taxesI'm not joking either lad, I'd genuinely do this for like 2 bitcoin
i don't want to pay taxes anon.
I am in a similar situation with less money invested, you can get up to 11300£ on capital gains without paying any tax, everything else will be 20%.
Another option is to move to another country with no capital gain tax and live there for a while which I am thinking very seriously.
idk what to do anon, do you think my gambling explanation will work?
I researched anon bitcoin casinos where you don't even get an account so no history etc.
Wouldn't you have to pay even more taxes if you say you won the money gambling because your cost basis would be 0?
Gambling pays taxes as far as know.
Talk to an accountant mate, seriously, don't fuck this up.
paying to be robbedOnly in England, you filthy pikies.
k?
Fuck, it's only 1800 in Ireland, then 33% on everything else
buy property with some cash you exchanged for bitcoin on localbitcoin.
The previous owner will also be glad not to pay taxes on the transaction.
Just declare 75/80% of the flat's value and give the owner the rest in cash.
I wouldn't rob him though, It would be a win-win for both partiesIf I was OP, I'd genuinely just get put in prison on purpose for like 5 years so as to ensure I can only HODL and have a bunch of free time to learn new shit, no distractions.>Store crypto in a brain wallet>Go to prison for a crime you committed on purpose >Preferably get 3-5 years or so>Use the time to study with no distractions at all, rent free, free gym, read daily>Come out in a few years>Bitcoin has mooned significantly
Gambling profits are taxed you moron
Move to Denmark, cash out tax free, live there for a year, convert back to your home currency, sorted.
not in the UK unlike the land of the free.
Not in the UK you moron
Honestly you sound so stupid, I expect you to end up in prison.
There is no way for you to avoid taxes.
I had to set up a company in Singapore for this (yes, really) and I was only cashing out 20k.
I was lucky and had a family contact.
I can help you out for a price of 1 BTC.
Reply to this with a skype address and send 0.5 BTC to the below address if you are not larping.
Followed by another 0.5 when you are 'mostly' out (Limited to 80-100k this financial year)14ANjYiWWaRJ3ZTkPVSnNpdXgxjgXUsZ37
Honestly you sound too stupid to successfully turn your crypto into fiat and buy then rent properties.1) Every question you asked is incredibly easy to google, which makes me think you're larping because if you actually had money and this was actually your plan you'd put a bit more effort into executing it than asking questions on BIZ.2) 500k pounds is peanuts.
You'll only be able to afford shit flats in shit areas and it really may not be worth your time.
Real estate can be great but only if you own properties worth own.
Move it to the isle of man my son.
They like crypto there.
This is true.
You need to fly to SG tho.
SG don't tax income generated outside of SG.
Same offer for any UK Bro's - Limited to 80-100k for the rest of this financial year.
Why don't you speak to a financial advisor?
There whole job is to make sure you keep as much as possible.
Fellow Irishman how are ya.
Thought CGT was what you out in plus 1300 quid no?We'll have to have a little chat with Leo about crypto soon
Spend 6+ months abroad and you don't pay tax.
That or move to Eilean Mhanainn or Channel Islands.