Anyone know any high risk high reward coins?
I have a couple hundred I don't mind losing.
Don't shill me total dogshit though.
Something that can actually achieve a nice price.
Wednesday, DYOR
bch.either it tanks back to $500 or literally flips with btc and goes to 7k.there is no in between
RKC, DBIX, NULS.
Problem is that the probability it goes down back to $500 is 95%
It's my first post in this forum and my honest opinion is mod/req.
you mean 100%
y you need high rick coin retard, you have link, req low risk, high reward .
Yeah see thats a probability I'm trying to avoid.
I still want the coin to actually have a halfway decent chance.
RCN, NULS, Confido.
Hell even LINK at this point.
ALIS, NULS, DOVU
43228114322771Rough timeline for rewards?
Days, weeks, months?
confido mooned when it released and has been climbing ever since.LINK could pay off in months/yearsNULs could go NEO in within the few monthsRCN I don't know much about is just had a bunch of movement.
vertcoin looks like its going to pump up here pretty soon and quick
VertcoinMid risk high reward if you hold til EOY
BitJob / STU https://hitbtc.com/exchange/STU-to-BTC
Days for DBIX - it's going to be listed on HitBTC imminently and it's price has come down quite a bit over last week so primed for a pump.
RKC has gone 2x in last few days but seems tobe holding fairly steady and more news coming out REF Arabianchain and their advisory role with Arab regulators.
NULS haven't released much info yet but getting new website out in few days and things like that which should pump it a bit.
Appreciate the honesty4322949I was interested in Vert but has it not already mooned itself?
Seems it's due a cool off period.
I have my pick>vol rising>price rising>real project>rockstar professional team>all time low>about to ramp up marketing to chinese next month>same circulating supply as eth and under 90m hard cap>brand new releases and functional product>partnered with REQBut guess what, /biz/ is too fucking stupid to buy now while it's 60 cents.
exchange?
Bittrex, hitbtc, novaexchange, liqui, livecoin, and tidex.
Buy some blocknet.it's low risk high reward.
Nice copy/paste from your discord group Raj
What coin?
ODN!!
DCORP is at all time low and it's official release is December, expect an easy 5-10x
Blocknet projected to moon by early next year when the exchange is released.
You can stake it until then.Also check out SALT.
It might moon next month.
I remember there being a discord group because people were in a thread going "the only bad thing anyone can say about this coin is that they don't market well enough.
can we do it for them?
"I never ended up joining in but even then it seemed like a genuine endeavour rather than some pnd on the realest project in years.
I'm flattered that you don't think I typed up that post myself thoughI gave you enough info in that post to find it.
Protip, there's a greentext line that gives you enough info to see it as the first result under google.
CTR, lmao not buying, looks shit
just Shut the fuck up>partnered with rec>realest in yearslmao
E-Currency Coin only 2 sats right now
Partnering with req isn't what makes it real you fucking dumbass.Try again.
Request Network>ycombinator>devs with existing product in the payment space>currently small market cap at $30 million>will be a unicorn
I was just laughing at 2 different parts of your shitcoin advertisement
first post>forumsee you around....kid
RLC is not the realest project since etherium, at the fucking rock bottom priceCan't wait til you FOMO in at 5 bucks, and that's being conservative.
why is NULS good again?all they have is a whitepaper and their team seems to be anonymous.they dont even have a roadmaphow did it even get on binance?
Intense coin ITNS can be accumulated for 10 sats on stocks.exchange it's a gamble but it's a monero based privacy coin that is launching their beta for decentralized VPN in december.
You aren't just getting in on the ground floor you are getting in on the basement
How heavy are your bags?The only reason why RLC went up wass because of the news, it got sold now you're stuck bag holding because you was too stupid to sell news.
Is this why I'm making money so much?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA RLC>muh super computer>muh quntum resistanceBeen hearing that garbage since the coin was created, its gone down 90% since then.
why would anyone but a complete newfag buy this shitcoin?
ODN is my ideal pick for the high risk/reward category.
Lots of news coming out this december.
I bought at 8k, what makes you think I'm holding the bag?
A good entry point on a good project.
I see the vol is rising so I'm gonna look for a decent exit point in the next 18 hours and accumulate.Golem has 4x RLCs market cap without a working project.
This will 3x modestly in the short-mid term, mark my words.
ahahahahaha, good luck
it's gone down 90% since then>didn't market on release with nothing to market and put their time/money into devving>buy high, goy!
buy my bitcoin cash!
0.4 is just around the corner again!Like I said, you'll fomo in at 3 or 4 bucks.
I dont "fomo"youll have to change youre advertising tactics, you pajeets always say the same thing>inb4 stay poor
alright that's cool, you don't.
See you in a few months when you're shilling for this very coin.
You'll remember this thread and wonder why you didn't bother to do your homework.
Unironically EBET.
Looks like they will have a working product much sooner than expected.It’s available for sale on etherdelta and hitbtc
alright that's cool, you don't.
See you in a few months when you're fuding for this very coin.
You'll remember this thread and wonder why you didn't bother to do your homework.Pajeet doesn't know kekekeke
TZChttps://trezarcoin.com/
coss
NULS get some NULS
im interested but why is this a good buy?>all they have is whitepaper>no roadmap>anonymous team?how did this get listed on binance?
Adex is a x2 when the prototype drops this month
NVM fuck this scam coinhttps://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7cgae0/this_is_the_current_state_of_token_sales_please/
Netko and Bitcloud.
dyor
That's what I'm wondering too.
It's obviously a scam coin but Binance acts like they pride themselves on adding only solid projects but then they added this?
It really throws their credibility into question.
RKC, Saudi outcast will be storing their wealth in block-chain soon during the upcoming turmoil.
Tomorrow could be the day of the pump.
But RKC will be listed on Bittrex within three weeks so it will pump either way.
shoes IN the houseHoly shit the meme is true
NULS.NULSSERVICE on reddit.In 1 month, you'll be crying at my feet thanking me.
Intensecoin (ITNS)vpn coinnot on cmc yet
KIDS