https://genesis.vision/ (GVT)Just added to CMC.
Total supply of 2.8 million, rest will be burned.
Currently at 2x ICO price, not officially listed/tweeted by @etherdelta yet.
ICO price was 1$ USD = 1 GVTImpressive team including advisor Charlie Shrem (Bitcoin Foundation founder).
It should have 0 problems getting listed on all exchanges with the team lineup they have.This is the first time it's being shilled openly, twitter/reddit is going to go insane very soon.Good luck.
Yes it was listed nearly a week ago, the tokens only became tradable today tho.Bought 70tokens for .0071 each, this is a coin made by a scammer but people who missed out on confido might fomopump it to 10x.Or we just get dumpd on by scammer dev who didn't burn tokens in the end or sthing.
This is MOON MISSION 3.0.MOON LIKE CONFIDO 20X gains.
dont miss out.
leddit fags fudding it.
Stay the fuck away from this scam shitcoin.What professional team puts out shit like this?
nice fud pajeet where you found this ?
ICO didnt even get filled>selling tokens at 2.2x ICO priceAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAyou pajeet scammers are really trying to make the best out of this ED shitcoin euphoria
Its the official twitter you fuckhttps://twitter.com/genesis_vision/status/930748790889418752There you go lazy shit
its already 6 mill mcap...fuck the shit
At this point the pajeets are just laughing at us for being so dumb.
Take one week to write a decent looking whitepaper and boom, you're a millionaire.Instead of INVESTING in ICO's I should be creating them.
talk about 1000x gains....
hm.. already at ~6mil mcap.
fud is spread around.. doubtful this moons to 60mil.highly unlikely this does more than a ×2-×3 in the foreseeable future.
avoid
this is how the scam works>make expensive token (1$) with ridiculous high supply (33 million)>people go "wtf overpriced im not getting into this ICO">get yourself and your buddies to invest in ICO almost alone>ICO ends and not a lot of people got in because of whats stated above> MUH TOKEN BURN.
MUCH IMAGINARY VALORIZATION OF A COMPLETE SHITCOIN>starting sell price is at 2x.and people fall for this shit over and over.
pathetic
?Why is this a scam?
Yikes.
I almost fell for this one, too.
What are some other coins that have done this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIasr2AiyZ0
>Open website>Go to Team>Dmitry Nazarov>Sergey's brother is working on this coinBUY BUY BUY
Man these discord pajeets just keep getting worse and worse, it's like they don't even put in any effort into their shit-stained scams
The team clearly looks non-english its like me speaking fuckin russian .grammatical mistake happens
lol paid shills are going hard pushing this absolute shitcoin
No.
If the language you use in public with your company is English, you must be fluent in it or hire someone who is.
It'll just make you look retarded.
You wouldn't get much business in Russia posting on twitter with shitty Russian.
I'd be up 50% if I'd bought a couple of hours ago when I saw it getting shilled early on Twitter.
No idea if this is in any way worth getting into now, or if decent project at all but it is pumping atm on ED.
Might be worth putting some in for a quick buck but probs risky.
Mooning RN
Is exchange tomorrow confirmed?
Oh well, I'm out at small 15% profit (a mighty 0.5 ETH).
It's fired past what I sold out so might have real moon potential after all.
Best luck to anyone still holding.
This will crash
Do people like Ivan here?
THought good chance which is why I sold out early.
Been burned in last week by greed missing out on pretty decent profits for ARN and HST holding too long.