>be me>find out BitMEX offers up to x100 leverage>use 300$ and in 10 mins make it into 1000$>start gather all my invesments from altcoins all diffrent exchanges and some fiat.>use 6k and want to triple it in 10 mins agiank position.>get into 56% profit: +3k>market goes down>still want to triple and keep waiting the red candle go lower>and lower>lost all 6k>broke with 1.41$ in my bank and 0.0$ cashFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
sorry for you mate :x
lol.
retard
Suicide is an option
can I use BitMEX in the US I want to try
pink wojak threads are like pure crack for me.
most entertaining shit on planet earth.
ya that shit is more dangerous then baccarat
grats
What the fuck is x100 leverage?
Sounds like fucking gambling.You put 1BTC and get 100BTC if you guess the price going up?
OP here.
I'm freaking out that I cannot pay rent or gas.Monday I get my student loan in the bank of 600$.
Im going to try earning the 6k back.Using x25 leverage to be safe this time.Pray for me guys
LARP or show PROOF so we can donate
Thank you for teaching other retards on this board
Can you help me out anon.
I want to try this leverage shit but I promise I'll play with chump change, no lie.
Few hundred bucks at best.
I know you don't believe me and nobody else will - I just want a way to double my chump change once a day...in the safest way possible - possibly during these "runs" when I think it's easy to predict.Can you tell me what it is, like a quick rundown?
Never ever ever use leverage.
You idiot.
Its a sure way to lose your money tard
>didnt cash out at 56%you greedy fuck.
hope you learned a lesson.
leverage is god tier if you arent a gambler and never use more than 1x leverage
RESEARCH YOU PLEB
No, for example:if market moves 1% towards profit normally you earn 1% of 1btc = 0.01btcUsing x100 the profit/loss is multiplied x100.
so 1% profit using 1BTC means your profit is 1BTC sure, just make an account at bitmex.com and deposit your btc and of you go.
no verification or shit.
I dont recommend x100 try x10 or x25 bro.thing is you get easy 100%profit.
But also easy 100% loss... so get out and dont get greedy.For donations helping me now im broke as fuck:Thanks for a little amount of btc :D3BMEXE82Y6zK278jM75iohYCmufqRrSzU7
That's why you don't use such a fucking high leverage in a volatile and unpredictable market like Crypto.
You were basically begging to get liquidated m8
use 300$ and in 10 mins make it into 1000$How?
3x or 4x leverage?
long?
at what position did you buy and sell BTC?>want to triple it6k - 600kAnon I'm fucking sure that's far more than tripling.Shut the hell up.
For us poorfags who can't focus on altcoins this is a god sent.I've lost 94% of everything I made off altcoins and also wasted 9 months.
Because when you're poor as dirt you have to go all in or else your earned money can't even pay the yearly bills.
never use more than 1x leverageummmm
You have a gambling problem OP.
Nobody has ever made money doing that.
Ever.
my god you're fucking retardedyou seriously thinkg x3 lev will give you 300%lmfaoits literally in the fucking title what lev OP used you dumb retarded nigger6-600k is his POSITION SIZE whats 6k *100 you fucking moron
its happened but you gotta be lucky as hell or have insider information
never margin with more then 10% of your holdingsalways set a target and take partial profit before it
Are you breathing OK anon?
shall I call you a wojack ambulance?
Coordinated PnD group if you guys want some gains, just remember to sell at the peaks and don't be retarded https://discord.gg/u7kgySu
someone explain to me how this is different from roulette (black/red)
 never use more than 1x leveragethen you're not even using leverage.
I mean, leverage can be used in Crypto, but you need to be some sort of trading god and be able to time the market perfectly, otherwise the swings will eat you alive
The impossible part is getting far far away from your initial position.
But you could try to go 100x constantly with chump change you can afford.
Fail 3-8 times till you finally snatch the bull run and you're home free.
thing is you get easy 100%profit.
But also easy 100% loss... so get out and dont get greedy.it's just gambling.
gamble what you can afford to lose for a 100% loss.
because the gains if you win would just be too incredible invest smart for gambling money.
that way you have a consistent income of it and can keep gambling
How can swings eat you - for example - if you put this leverage on BTC price going up when some kind of crazy BTC pump starts?I don't know how to do math on this :) so let me give an example.- BTC is 6535 bucks- you put one of these leverages at, lets say 10X, to sell it at 6537What's the math on this?
because a pump is not in a straight line.A small retracement and you lose your whole account....I know now lmao
you make like 2 percent or something
The way leverage works, since you guys seem retarded:You borrow money relative to how much you personally are putting in, and you are expected to pay that back plus interest when you close your position.If you had, for instance, a 1BTC position, and then took 5x leverage, and then it went up 10%, that would be a 5BTC position going up 10% for a 0.5btc profit.
Then, you pay back what you borrowed (4BTC) and you just made 50% off of a 10% increase.Of course, anything over 5x or so is retarded because at 20x a 5% drop means 100% loss and you'll get liquidated.
If anyone wants to help me get back on track,please donate a little btc3BMEXE82Y6zK278jM75iohYCmufqRrSzU7God bless, OP
So what the fuck is leverage then?
Pls explain :)
you have done you job, provided market stability, even if for a fraction of a second.your sushicide is not of our concern
bitch'in about a $300 loss?
comon...
read brolo
why would you think any rational actor would send a non rational actor capital?
your post is confusing man how much did you lose?
Oh - I get it.One question though, what if you put a price on certain level, it doesn't come to that price immediately but drops - and then shoots higher than your bid.What then?
If you're a richfag you can influence the price to pump and dump instantly.If you're a super lucky genius you'll figure put the ATH at 7800$ before it drops back to 7300$ and stay there.
Or you'll figure out that once BTC fell under 6999$ and failed to recover above it then it's going to dump to a specific number.Sadly even if BTC has +430million volume going in it... 100-300$ flash p&d's are enough to liquidate you.
And trying to catch/short on a falling knife is harder than trying to outbid a bot.
Pray for me guysDude, this is fk'ing gambling man.
I am confused how much did you lose?
You said you were up $6k and then lost $6k?
this is what happened to me.I lost 6k in a small bump and then it soared much lower.
If the little bump wasnt there i had 40k+ now
When you set your margin trade, there's a certain point of loss where you get liquidated and your position gets automatically closed at a loss.
Most exchanges have it at 100%, so you should set stop losses.
If the position gets liquidated and then the price goes up, tough shit.Trading at 1x leverage is not dumb, because leveraged trading lets you profit off of dips (by borrowing 5DGB, selling it, and rebuying it lower, keeping the difference)
You're dead.
GG.
You at the very least have the option to modify your position.
But will you make it in time and will you manage to go back from 5x to 75x margin?
can you read?>use 6k and want to triple it in 10 mins agiank position.>get into 56% profit: +3k>market goes down>still want to triple and keep waiting the red candle go lower>and lower>lost all 6klet me summarize>use 6k>get into 56% profit: +3k>dont close>lost all 6k
-6535=22 X10=20Simple really.
When you use leverage the exvchange is lending you money with your own capital as collateral.
In any case, you won't end up owing money to the exchange if things go south as they'll make sure to liquidate your whole account before you reach that point.
:)
I wish I had the balls to at least short 70x when BTC was 7300$, but even a 150$ spike would have killed me.
yes yes i know bro.now my net worth is 1.41 $ with 8k in student loansbtc3BMEXE82Y6zK278jM75iohYCmufqRrSzU7
I shorted the 7800 top at 100x leverage with 100$.
Needless to say I'm now swimming in money, actually, the position is still open even and the lower it gets the more money I make.
I probably got lucky though.
Can someone give me a percentages guide?
How much % would have been enough to liquidate me if I had bought BTC at 7800$ for 50,60,70,80 or 90x leverage?
Congrats :D Share the love bro.btc3BMEXE82Y6zK278jM75iohYCmufqRrSzU7
Super lucky.
If that 7800 had went with 78$/1% up more then your 100$ would be gone.The real bitch is trying this multiple times and losing more than 100$.
Did you attempt it multiple times till you got it right?
Unless it's Poloniex who forgets to liquidate your account.
:) Good ol"d Poloniex leaving margin traders on the streets.
Nice mayne.
I shorted 7750 with x100 with $1500.
We making it.
let's say you have 1K with 100x leverage, that'd be 100k, right?Ari, if the market moves 1% into the red you're already fucked, considering that -1% is incredibly easy to achieve in Crypto.
At this point, you have 2 options: to only risk a small portion of your capital or to go balls deep and pray for the market to go up in straight line (highly fucking unlikely)
testnet.bitmex.commy fun for the weekendthanks anons
GamblingWell, you achieved 1 of 2 possible outcomes.
Congrats.
>margining money you can't loseIt gives me a panic attack just thinking about it
You fucking retard.
Let me tell you something: As soon as you try to "get your losses back" you are fucked beyond help.
Its the first rule of gambling, betting and anything that involves money: Set a limit and dont cross it.
If you lose it = Well fuck it, shit happens.
If you win = awesome.I've learned it the hard way with football betting and you've learned it now.
Get a part-time job ask family, friends for help but dont gamble the little bit of money away you have left.
I already lost around 500$ margin trading.
It was money I set aside just to play around with in bitmex.
Honestly, I lost all my money on shitcoins, might as well put my last $300 on 100 leverage for btc.
If polo's liquidation worked like that on BitMEX I would have quit crypto months ago.
I got liquidated once on polo but it didn't use the whole collateral and left me with about a third of my initial investment.From then on I stopped margin trading except for a little experiment on bitmex, but after getting rekt once again (but with a small amount) I decided that crypto is way too volatile for this kind of trading and traded my way back up in normal positions.
Whats your profit?
(drools in a brainlet fashion)
because you wouldnt have made 2 percent otherwise dumbass
Does anyone know if a United States citizen can get into leveraged trades on bitmex?
They say they don't allow deposits from the US, but can I just lie?
Whats the best way to get around it or is it too risky?
any americans with experience?
just make an account and transfer btc from another wallet.theres no verification or anything
goodluck brolo
It depends on the leverage and amount you put in.Think of it this way, your capital is evenly spread out across each "point" of leverage to cover any losses.So if it's 5x it would be your capital divided by 5, and then you'd take the answer from that and take it away from your capital which gives you the point at which your investment gets liquidated.
Wait a minute anon.
I'm playing on Bitmex simulator and I found something suspicious.
There's a calculator to "predict" your shorts/longs.
This is what I simulated;- $500- entry BTC 6000 / exit BTC 6050- leverage 25- liquidation 5798Profit 20%So if you enter this on some crazy bullrun at 6000, chances to flash drop to 5798 are possible, but not HIGHLY likely...Am I correct anons?
They know your position details and the amount of money you have in your wallets.
BitMEX can liquidate you, then put the price back to normal.
Sometimes, even actual trade is not even needed, but that's suspicious as fuck.
With crypto you can use a whale that can cause micro fluctuations.In my language that's called "kitchen", not sure about the correct name in English.
I bet this shit's illegal, but if admins don't care, then you're fucked.
solid advice
actually they are not even letting me sign up with my email.
Says they detected my country is US.
I have to make an account with US and contact support...
Can you go from here?
proxy.bernex.netIf they detect that you are browsing from a proxy (no idea how, but they can guess) - you may be denied access to your money.
had that much profit>didn't close it
:5=20100-20=80%?
take profits next time nigger
You don't time the market, you ride the waves.
It's just safer to use small leverage.
For example go long on eth at $280 at .5x leverage.
You've got a lot more room before liquidation.
Screenshot and ill send some eth
bitmex says i cant deposit money to trade since im from the U.S.?
wtf kind of crap exchange is this.
Any good trader use leverage to increase profits.
I barely trade on bitmex because the whole thing lags out completely whenever there's high volume so it's very risky in those circumstances to trade hence I stay away from it mostly.
But as you can see I deposited 0.45btc and I'm up to 1.66btc already just doing some random trades when I cba trading on finex.
Margin trade a long position on bitcoin now you retard.
You fags seriously deserve to be poor.
Set a limit and dont cross it.
If you lose it = Well fuck it, shit happens.
If you win = awesome.exactly, just move on.
forget about the money you've lost, act as if you've never had it, it's gone, don't chase loses or you'll get rekt even more OP.
stay positive and move on
 and you are expected to pay that back plus interest when you close your position.That's not how a swap works at all you fucking retard.
Every 8h longs or shorts pay the other side depending on the market circumstances.
The only fees are from taking from the order book (maker fees you gain 0.025%)
https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A096 months reduced trading fees, trust me you'll need it with all your panic trading!Learn to take profits from your positions you fools.
If you are leveraged trading you should take it as a huge win when it goes your way, stop trying to be Gordon Gekko you dumbass.
CLOSE IT.
I've seen 500% ROE too many times only to have it go the other way.
Just make 5% a day and you're an absolute killing machine.
Patience and timing are key here.It's stop hunting and since these are derivatives and not actual bitcoin being traded it tends to be more prone to this as the main market makers on the exchange can take turns fucking shit up in either direction without really affecting anything elsewhere, for 1% of the amount it would normally take.
OP GETTING CALLED OUT IS HE GONNA BE A FAGGOT?
Try x100 leverage again with 1.41
If you did this just a day or two ago you would had been wrecked Hyper luck