What would net neutrality being taken away mean for muh coins?
nothing at all
Crypto trading websites are classified under as Business and Trade, and will thus require a business-class connection and service agreement to connect to.
If they set hard ul/dl limits it will hard to run a node.Also, with an UL limit reached, you couldn't broadcast a transaction from your network.
hard ul/dl limitsthey can already do this
Are you australianBecause then it's true ;_;
Well, thanks to Blockstream, Bitcoin transactions will be satellite enabled so we will have less to worry about.
This is only feasible with small blocks.Thanks Blockstream!
Great pic, I'm going to reorganize it and use it.
What would the new Rolled Chicken Tacos at Taco Bell mean for cryptocurrencies?
wanting net jewtrality which didn't even exist before 2014Good kosher goy.
take it from people in the crypto community if you wont take it from anyone else.
Net Neutrality is the opposite of the wild west net you think it is.Net neutrality is just named net neutrality to get you on board.
In reality Net Neutrality is a new system of laws that have never been part of the internet before, which allow the rich to control the internet and censor it.its named that way to deflect from this.
I wish ISPs release cheaper internet packages with no jewflix so I don't have to pay for the bandwidth of those good goys who get brainwashed.Fuck internet socialism aka net neutrality.
lol stupid niggers in this thread actually want to pay more money to use the internetfucking comcast cucks enjoy your verizon overlords for the next lifetime
4493977I'm going to need some sources for that boys.The only legal change to the internet was the switch to Title 2 common carrier.It wouldn't do anything to crypto.If anything it would affect latency because they could have priority lines and if companies don't pay to use that specific backbone then your internet could be routed through the slowest low density lines.That would be a super low impact to any trade bots that a trading on a very slim margin.
They're consuming all the internets!Who let grandma on the computer again?
Bandwidth consumption doesn't increase the costsWho let the retarded kid on the computer again?
Bandwidth consumption doesn't increase the costsCorrect.
ISPs don't pay more if their users are consuming more bandwidth.
That's not a thing.
They pay for infrastructure, infrastructure that most haven't upgraded in quite some time.
Try looking up the basics before forming an opinion next time.
What is return of investment ($80k/mile of fiber)>What is maintenance of services>Increased technical support>Electricity costsThat's only the costs associated with more bandwidth consumption, let's not even mention the ones associated with customer dissatisfaction due to low speeds.
Comcast can slow down packets that come to and from nodes.
Net Neutrality forces them to treat all internet use the same.
So if you get 1 TB of data use a month, it can go to anything on the internet, not just what Comcast orders.
If they set hard ul/dl limits it will hard to run a node.Net neutrality is not about bandwidth caps, its about endpoint control.
Right now, its not legal for American telcos to slow specific kinds of traffic based on source and destination, ie you can't slow down traffic between a consumer and Netflix.
Or you can't block traffic between a customer and that right-wing website your liberal politician buddies don't like, etc.Net neutrality is about content, not bandwidth.
With net neutrality you may have to pay a premium to access coinbase for example.