According to /biz/ this coin is apparently a sleeping giant.
I had a look at their white paper and it looks like there's only two fags on the dev team s how the fuck are they going to get anything done?Also can someone link me the road map because I heard that it's already delayed
wow, its a giant pile of shit
> how the fuck are they going to get anything done?By working on it, instead of posting pictures in front of company logos.
Here's the tl;dr of the roadmap:> moon
Its one big meme.
this coin will get you rich if you travel back in time a month, otherwise sell and move onto more profitable opportunities
These are my concerns too.
Not only 2 devs, but they seem inexperienced, and unable to deliver.
The product is already finished they just need to implement the node network.
They are also hiring people right now.
its a meme..this project will never get finished and everybody knows it
Apple started as a 2 man team
The product is already finishedSource?
An Oracle template isn't a complicated idea.
The actual data parsing and processing will be implemented by the individual oracles.
Chainlink simply needs to develop a template for oracles to build off of.
According to Biz....You spelt Mr Curry Pajeet wrongWe are all aboard the NEO train going into to ARK on Monday from there, don't miss the boat
explain
How do you even obtain this coin?
only two fags on the dev team>what was Apple>what was GoogleYou can kill yourself now
It's on Binance, get in while it's at it's lowest price since ICO.
Hey do you guys think the network will be up and running by late 2018 maybe?
Or 2019?
They said it would be up Q2 2018 latest
only two fagsYou are stupid.Some of the very greatest tech companies came up on two-man teams.>can someone link me the road mapRead the white paper at least, dumbass.>I heard that it's already delayedIt's not.
Not only 2 devs, but they seem inexperienced, and unable to deliver.They got to be the only outside crypto company to develop a proof of concept for Swift and showcase it at this year's Sibos.Sony, BNP Paribas, AXA, Barclays, Santander, ... have all used the product in some way.Over the past years, the project has been mentioned by name by the likes of the World Economic Forum, Capgemini, Gartner, ...But yeah, they """seem""" inexperienced and unable to deliver to you.You are an idiot.
Here: https://www.coindesk.com/swift-completes-blockchain-smart-contracts-trial/What do you think they used in the Sibos demo?