Confirmed by rory on slack boyos, get ready for Sergays christmas treat
SERGEY'S CHRISTMAS TREATME LIKEY YUM YUMPLEASE FUCK ME IN MY BUTTT MOREYUM YUM
It's not going to be a partnership announcement or an exchange announcement, so don't get your hopes up only to be disappointed.
It is extremely unlikely that a large entity will announce a partnership before it has been demonstrated that the main net is up and running and functional.
SWIFT or Barclays or whatever have no incentive to stick their necks out until the technology is proven.I think, for example, the collaboration with Town Crier is super exciting news, but it's not market moving news.
Don't go expecting market moving news in December.
dun worry, sergey has 32m worth of lube it wont hurt as much
IT'S NOT GONNA BE THE PARTNERSHIIP KEEP FUCKIN MY BUTT YUM YUM I DONT NEED MONEY JUSY FUCK ME YUMYUM
It's not going to be a partnership announcement or an exchange announcement, so don't get your hopes up only to be disappointed.
If they announce theyve hired a marketing department already then to the moon we go.
Thats the difference between LINK and projects like OMG.
LINK is only starting to hire marketers.
Rory said before they are hiring additional devs and marketers.
Any marketer with half a brain and experience in crypto realizes how important exchanges and updates are.
Agreed.
And that's actually conceivable within that timeframe.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
Priced in
Sign into Reddit so I can give you some fucking gold man.
This.
Marketing>main net, product and everything else.Hype is everything.
Rory is just keeping the bag holders happy because theyve been copping so much shit over lack of communication.
"muh news" will be nothing.
Just like the post-sibos news.
Kek
An announcement of there being a possibility that devs might actually tell their investors something in a month Is getting link holders excited?
MOVING FORWARD, ALWAYS AHEAD>BY THE TIME YOU HAVE READ THIS >YOU ARE ALREADY STANDING WITH LINK>AN HONOUR AND BLESSING OF 3 LIFETIMES
there's going to be such a DUMP when they anounce they just hired another dev
Has somebody asked a question like, "Can you please confirm whether you are in the process of hiring a marketing department?
"This is actually a question they could answer if they wanted to -- no issue with NDAs as with exchanges and partnerships.
Nice.
Buying 2k more
They already did say they are hiring a marketing department.
They have said several times they are hiring devs and marketers.4516170Jesus Christ /biz/, seriously?
Wow you cry babies.
Things are moving forward pretty fast, as if porting to GO takes a long time.
Steve is already on it, expect a working (not complete) mainnet Q1 2018
they just got 30 million usd>working all through the holidays instead of holidaying in the cayman islandsThey havent even hired anyone yet.
So the new team wont start actually working until q1 2018.
Even longer until they finish...
implying these autists give a fuck about thanksgivingalso isn't Sergey jewish?
he's not gonna celebrate Xmas either, probably gonna get drunk on new year's eve and keep on codingI know coders, they're nice people that like simple stuff and coding
Not in this case.
We're not the customers.
This isn't something like BAT where you need to get as many average Joes fired up as possible.LINK just has to prove its worth to enterprise business.
The "community" is honestly a lot less important.
OH SHIT GOOD THINGS CONFIRMED OMGGGGGGGGGG>inb4 empty words that mean nothing