>go to my low effort public sector job in London>read a message on hackernews about a guy having a $650 k job offer from a big 4 company>know that Americans get paid more than British people but still feel bad>was recently rejected for entry level investment banking job where the interviews were easy as fuck but I was probably rejected for being ugly and not posh or a normie>see topics about Obama's daughter (in Harvard due to AA, fame, money) and the rich British guy (there due to money)>realise they, and everyone at similarly prestigious places, will walk in to really fucking high paying jobs>know that life can only get worse once I have a slightly better paying job that requires me to actually do anythingGuys, how can I even bother when tonnes of people get everything handed to them and praised while they do it?
I'm just too ugly and autistic to do well in any professional environment.
go to /fit/ and read the sig thread.
Make yourself less ugly.
I don't understand why people don't do this.
If you are smart enough to realize that looks matter to your career, why are you not smart enough to take advantage of it?Go to the gym, shave your fucking beard, get a haircut and buy some nice fitting shirts.
Apart from some EXTREME cases, that's all it takes.
Move to Africa, you will find the superiority you are looking for
london>not poshI hope you're not some sort of chav.
Nobody likes those.
shave your fucking beardI went from 5 to 7 thanks to a solid beard
You're playing life like a game.
He who has the most points wins and shit.
Think about it, NEET.
You sit in your mom's basement and play your vidya and score lots of points, but you're still depressed and unfulfilled.
I am surrounded by elite, wealthy people everyday.
These people are fucking miserable, like, dead inside miserable.
You think a fast car, gold watch and silk sheets will make you happy?
Think again.
You need to trust Christ as your savior and realize that your life on this earth is a blink of an eye and that eternity awaits.
An eternity in Heaven or hell.
You choose.
Play for the most points or live for eternity.
If you can pull off the beard be my guest.
The point is that any man can make himself attractive unless he has some serious deformity.