Thanks to this pump I just dumped my heavy bags and moved it all into POWRI suggest you all do the same before you get REQT againFeels good to be free of these bags See ya
Smart post that should help drive the price back down under $.05.
Are you retarded the POWR moon is over.
It is almost at 10x the market cap of Request.
If you sell Request just to move into POWR you don't deserve to be rich :)
>Dumps "bags">Picks up a coin that is tankingThanks Pajeet, will send you a shit covered post-card from the REQ moon.
I hear curry street shitter pajeets like you love that.
Stay poor.
Toodles
people are still buying power now?
at 9500?
seems a little late...
I don't hold either REQ or POWR, but what you did is stupid.
Like pajeet-level stupid.REQ has potential in 2018.
It hasn't mooned.
And you dropped it to buy POWR that will have a correction soon?Never change /biz/
POTCoin is worth more than REQ LMAO
Yes OP.
Buy high sell low.
>He sold one day before a crucial product updateLOL WAT
>You can't script this.
Fuck OP.
You dun goofed.
Y'all really believe OP?
Y'all are more retarded than I imagined.
Jesus christ, the pecker head probably doesn't have 2 peso's let alone a crypto.
Dumped bags of something is actually usefull near term in the near term for something that is an idealistic piece of shit that releases in 2019.. and already pumped 17x in three weeks.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah
Pay attention folks.
This is what an autist crypto newfangled looks like lmaooo
this has to be bait
Thanks for buying my bags, OP.
POWR was great while it lasted.
Where you at OP Pajeet?
LOL.
I'm crine right now.
Seems you were the cuck that was holding us back from the moon mission.
Is this fuding or just a literal retard?
It's hard to tell now a days on biz.
OP has to be LARPing.
> dumping 'bags' one day before a yuge update.
Selling before bittrex listing
Selling when the party starts.
Just lmao
Source?
Dumb idiot, this will be multiple dollars in 2018.
lmao OP u fucked up