I hope you are aware that group of people, probably Chinese have been forcing the flippening for past 16h or more.
Bitcoin has already 160k unconfirmed transactions (100k 12h ago) and hash power is moving.
Just letting you know :)
how exactly do you force people to buy bch?
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionshttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
Holy shit you’re right.
Bitcoin is unironically fucked, money isn’t moving.
You people are stupidYou forgot how this works-BITCOIN ALWAYS WINS!!
A) raise fee requestsB) this makes a backlog in transactionsC) move all your miners (the ones that mine cheapest, due to scale) off BTCD) block times get slower, and no one picks up the transaction feesE) hope this freaks people out, and they move to new coin
the level of delusionyou know fees are going up because there is no supply left in a 1mb block
too big to fail retardlmao you corekeks
Even without transactions?
digital gold
So why did you not buy the dip?
For real.
Bitcoin getting hit with 14 transactions per second.
Its getting fucked in the ass.
Its all over.
Over 160K unconfirmed transactions and rising rapidly as core miners rush out of the door.New coin please.
And the normies stay out of crypto forever.Noce job chinks
Couldn't the same thing be done to BCH?
Guys from normie coin are cuck jedis from the light side (or lazy fucks)
It's not like they can keep it up forever though, since it is costing them money to perform the attack.
BITCOIN ALWAYS WINSI agree, but what you think is bitcoin isn't bitcoin and what you think isn't bitcoin is
Just sold at .29(bought at .21).
This is the end of the moon mission.
Elliot waves never lie
As if BCH can survive long term without segwit.
It doesn't make any logical sense to not want BTC to have segwit unless you are a greedy miner.
Yes.
They will do it when it suits them.
BCH is just another alt coin.BTC is pushing up its tx fees in a desperate attempt to halt the transactions, its approx $10 now to do a fucking transaction, while BCH is $.20.Both BTC and BCH have 10 minute confirmation times.
LTC is around 2 minutes.BCH is pretty shit technology - no Segwit (which BTC and LTC have).
It has the famous malleability-bug, it cannot have side-chains, no second-layer, no Lightning-network and other innovations (smart-contracts).
BTC is ranging in ~6200 since this all started and doesn't seem to be bothered though.
BCH - Bitcoin ChadBTC - Bitchcoin