hey Bizwhat are the best crypto projects in Japan right now?I've invested in NEM.
Looking for some other projects though.
ADA, Ethereum Co-Founder is behind it.
Huge line of ATMs selling it being set up through Japan.
eh the way this coin was sold makes it out to be a scam imo
bump
Literally ADA
https://medium.com/@classicether/out-of-the-ether-a-crisis-of-irresponsible-governance-facing-ethereum-classic-a77abdd7a9fawhat about this though?
lots of red flags desu.
Old outdated FUD article when the project was still relatively unknown even to Japanese.
The ICO went on for a long time so it was easy to FUD because no one really knew if the project was really coming out, but the project did come out and since then the FUD has stopped and all that remains is that article that is brought up in every thread about ADA.
have the guys running the project come out in response to it?
are you invested in cardano?
how do you see it developing over the next year?Japan has always been leaders in tech so I'm primarily interested in getting in on one of their coins looking to push smart contracts and the future of blockchain tech.
NEM is pretty much ideal but I'm also looking for lesser known ones to get more profits but also to diversify.
comsa is doing something with nem idk research it might be big
I'd consider doubling your NEM.
They aren't big on Marketing (yet) for good reason.
Basically their long term goal to get government contracts around the world.
The "KICKER" might be DYOR and looking at Japan's potential Credit Jubilee.
NEM might be something they put in place in the near future.
Pic related
Yes they have responded to the accusations.
Including the accusation that they used a popular sales figure named "Izumi" to sell ADA (their response was that it wasn't the best way to sell ADA and it was regrettable).
The response for ADA being a scam is "look at the github" "look at our team" they have some of the brightest minds working on Cardano, written in Haskell.
Even the creator of Haskell is lending his help and they have 2 papers there were peer reviewed by crypto experts that passed (no other paper passed out of about a hundred that were submitted)I'm not personally invested just yet as I feel they have a bit more to go until their computation layer comes out but I'll be damned if this doesn't compete with Ethereum because it scales so much better.
yeah it's weird seeing them rarely mentioned.
very excited about their tech.I'll definitely look into it more.
It definitely seems like it was released too early or something though based on what I've read from them.
Lmao, anon.
Don't miss out on ADA.
You still have plenty of time, just don't get shaken out by FUD.
scams are simply far too common nowadays in crypto though so gotta always seek for criticisms.what parts of ADA appeal to you?
MonacoinSomething will happen
Fucc goin
eh I'm not really impressed looks pretty generic to me