How crazy am I if I try to short BTC because of the dragonslayer thing?
The odds of a flippening are low, but another temporary drop in Bitcoin is probable.Watch this on 1.5x if you need an overview: https://youtu.be/XsLWVgISdKY
Absolute madman
You're pretty much retarded, but go right ahead
you will be cursed
smart decision anon

Not the worst decision to short here.
Just cash out when you're in profit, never short BTC for too long.
good video.
lays out why there can be a pump but the uphill battle cash has to overcome
>short bitcoin>chink pump scammers slurp up your cheap coinzBasically your are a fucking moran, and go fuck yourself
moranIt's *moron.And btw, Bitcoin is now breaking through the triangle shown in the video: Downward movement imminent.
Shorting BTCFew have tried many have failed.
Bitmex will rip out your spine and eat it as a midnight snack
Bitcoin Core, treating people they don't agree with like shit since 2013.
Get gud
Bitcoin was supposed to enter a bear market after fork was cancelled.
Instead it entered into another bullmarketIt did touch down to 5800 for a split second but that was it.
within a day it was back to new highs
Anybody I don't agree with is Bitcoin core!Classic lol.
People still think dragonslayer is a joke, the name might be childish, but the intent is real... BCH will moon hard this time, only to disrupt BTC, this isn't healthy for the crypto space
Nobody who actually mines believes Dragonslayer is more than a child's joke.
T. Miner
If you say so, time will tell..Btw, just because you mine doesn't mean you are on the loop of every pool available.
True.
But I'm in one of the biggest pools there is and they already said that there was no truth to the Dragonslayer crap.
I suppose others might try if they buy into the shills, but I doubt it
btc shorts are probably the fuel that keeps this rocket going.
thanks OP
We will see how this works out, but all this drama just hurts the alts, where the actual usability value of cryptocurrencies is...
Pretty crazy.>obvious correction incoming>you open a short for $1000 on bitfinex >Bitfinex prints tethers>buys btc up>liquidates your short>your $1000 are now part of btc's marketcap>bitfinex's tons of btc are now worth more>rinse>repeat
Right?!
That's literally where all my mining profits go lol.
Snagging a ton of NEO, XMR, ETH, DOGE, and LTC right now
totally why hoax halong mining is happening amirite?corecucks are getting so fucking rekt this weekend and it's glorious.