How does it feel to own the dickless, incompetent ,nigger brother of OMG?
Not too bad bc it will probably moon later.
Also YC is extremely aggresive and wont let req fail
I'm deep in both.Theres not much risk in holding REQ it's alrdy fucking below ICO anyway
buying into the YC aggressive meme.
YC can't make miracles.
They are aggressive toward keeping their rep.
You mean the coin that is superior in every way?
Actually has a product that will launch before year end?
Targets the world market instead on one shit hole country?
The coin that doesn't have to shill itself with fake Google and Apple news?
The coin that has token burn?
I can go on and on but you pajeets are to stupid to see the potential and will be poor forever.
OP just gotta say you are a dickless faggot and you shouldn't be another retard tribalist .
but hey i'm sure you're locked away in your basement so i know im not gonna get through to you since you think you got things figured out.
good luck with that pussy :)
has product wrong.>superiorwrong again.>targets the worldtargets north america first, good luck beating pay pal kid.
>doesn't have to shill itselfYou are below ICO nigga LMAO, maybe you should>the coin that has token burn.The only thing burning is your portfolio.OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHsee above
This is just mindless fud now.
I give you real facts and you reply with grade school comebacks.
The state of biz now.
your facts where shitty Mr. Below ICO.
Facts are facts dude, your fud won't change it.
I bought req at 12k so I am far up.
How have you done with omg?
You sound like you got in at around $13.
Numbers don't lie, and your shit coin is struggling.
OMG will take it from here.
You are absolutely right.
Buy high sell low.
Dont worry dude when this moons you will have a chance to buy the peak.
4335494OMG is a good project but you actually sound like a twelve year old moon kid.
Fuck your lunch money investment bitch.
4335585SALTY RE'Q HODLERSMUAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA~~~~!!!
I don't even own REQ, I was just pointing out how much of an annoying cuck you were being.Why are you comfy when your source of money is from your mother sucking my dick lol.
1.5mil REQ and 75k OMG no SALT here, but you little minnows keep on trying to pick a winner, at least it gives you something to do.
.5 million?You really believe in it that much?What do you think the final moon price will be and when?
Then fuck off no coiner.
your opinion is even more worthless.
You don't hold it and you made a thread you autist.
I wouldn't be so sure man, without my penis in your mother's mouth you wouldn't even be able to afford your lunch money investment.
LMAO.
Ok, run along kiddo.
Maybe mommy will give you enough lunch money for you to buy two omg, faggot.
?
?How does that work?
My penis is feeding your family, and literally your mother.
Don't blame me for you being poor, blame your mother for not sucking better.
muh YC aggressionthe worst biz meme i've seen in a while
4335853Have you children finished insulting each other's mothers yet?
How does it feel to own the dickless, incompetent ,nigger brother of OMG?How does it feel to be so worried by a competing coin that you can't stop posting about it?How does it feel to be so ignorant that you don't realise these two technologies can co-exist?How does it feel to be so unintelligent that you can't even think of a good criticism against REQ?How does it feel to hold 1M REQ in cold storage and know you will retire next year?
Pretty amazing actually.
4335853I love a good pajeet battle.