Where are you going to be when Modum moons.
It's going to happen, they already have 40+ companies onboard, a tested product that is solving a problem within the pharmaceutical world.
You can still buy in at sub $2 a token, don't miss out
The real question is where are you when modum gets dumped hard because it's a shitcoin of epic proportions no company is every interested in.You can still sell at $1.85, don't miss out.
Yeah OP, it's a complete shitcoin, idk what you are thinking.
lmao "no company is ever interested in it" uh hu
Do the opposite of what /biz/ says has made me a lot of money.
Profits heavily on NEO, WTC and OMG.
This is my next big one.
no company is every interested intop fucking kek.
The state of /biz/
www.modulum.io
LOST ALL MY MODUM AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
new and improved modum with no presale.
Gonna be huge.
7000eth soft cap.
Get your pink wojacks ready MODsters, this is gonna end up in the toilet next to Link.
pays dividends in eth every 3 monthseven if it doesnt moon there will be a payday
This FUD is nonsense.
Same shit with walton when it was under $2 like MOD currently is.
This will moon to over $100m cap, its just a matter of time.
last hour before IOP releases bluepaper.
/biz/ seems like you don't like money.
Just look at the volume and the price, the volume is going down and so is the price, bearish shitcoin.
Product released on the market>Q1 2019
actually, descending volume + descending price is a positive indicator.
a bearish reversal signal is descending price with increasing volume.nice try fud though
The volume isn't going down, its higher than it was this time last week.
Try harder.
too bad chainlink will replace 90% of these shitcoins
4507162
before I set foot in a coin I always ask myself "will chainlink make this stupid shit obselete?
"95% of the time it's a yes
too bad chainlink will replace 90% of these shitcoinsYou clearly don't understand.
LINK will work with companies like Modum, not replace them.When I see posts like this I understand why people call LINK holders deluded.
You are giving LINK a bad name with shit like this.LINK will be integrated into many many projects.
I can't think of one that it will "replace"
Name three coins that LINK will render obsolete.
How could link possibly make this obsolete?
Pharmaceuticals is highly specialized and regulated.
It requires a team with industry experience, it's not just another ICO building a tech platform.
This is the value of Modum and their team.