How realistic is this?
dec 31 2018 maybe
Depends if partnerships get confirmed & the level of implementation.
Ah the fantasies of linkies are always good for a laugh.DELUSIONAL.....LINKLETS
you realize there are 650 million tokens waiting to be released, right?
flip it upside down and its pretty accurate
I don't like the fact this graph is only priced on current circulating supply.
At the very least the 350m that is reserved for node operators is going to be released into the general ecosystem, not to mention the 300m belonging to the company itself.
On a multi year timescale LINKs coin cap is 1B.
There's no reason to bullshit around that fact.
I still think LINKs market cap will reach $30B within 5 years, but certainly not until the mainnet is up mid next year and large entities have made announcements after that.
LINK will get to $10 and beyond, but don't hold your breath.
It's not happening soon.
Too high imo.
First of all, it has to be confirmed that Swift will be using ChainLink for their smart contracts.
Once this is a YES, then I think the following will happen (no need to guess dates, it happens or doesn't):> LINKies posts in multiple "made it" threads and NOLINKs flood /biz/ with pink wojacks > The pump to $1 will be fast, and you'll see a lot of LINKies sell of their stack here> They grew up poor, so they are content with their sell orders of $1 per LINK> We keep on going up to double digits> $10 mark, we see another huge selloff, and the price dips a bit because the smart LINKies sold most of their stacks here> Does anyone actually want to buy LINK at $10 each?
I don't think so, so we'll stagnate for a bit and then pump a slowly to something like $15 where it stabilizes> In this hypothetical, Sergey dumped another 100m LINKs into circulation, so this is with a marketcap of 450m.
The other 550m is still locked in this hypothetical, so I think it might be best to sell around $15> When the 550m slowly gets released into circulation over time (for the node operators + Sergey and Rory has like 300m LINK for the "LINK team"), the price will obviously go down.
I suspect they will dump like 50m LINKs to live the high life.> But then again I might be wrong, because this would be an unprecendented move.
A Swift + LINK partnership is huge, so who really knows.
$25 is within the realms of possibilities.
Probably this
Why did they have to make such a high coin cap?
link is not a long term hold, it's going to go ballistic on a mainstream partnership announcement but there's no reason link tokens will out perform bitcoin
I can't decide if I would sell out at $10 or hold for $25, or more.
Link is going to be around in the long-term so we don't really have to worry either way.
Yeah me neither.
I'm probably out at the $10 if this hypothetical plays out.
Delusional
ur mom
true, at $10 that is just about the sweet spot