Bitcoin was always supposed to be a currency not a store of value according to Satoshi's white paper.
>A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow onlinepayments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution.
Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending.https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdfBitcoin Cash is more in line with Satoshi's vision than what Core is doing.
It's really as simple as that.
Fucking dinosaurs grasping for the last breath of air.
Monero is where its at.
XMR IS THE REAL BITCOIN.
LTC, XMR, ETH are better
NO NO NO NO NO NO ITS FUCKING LINK
4334186you lads couldn't be more wrong
PoS is the future.Screw bitcoin and its clones and copycats.
Buy ADA or get left behind.
no one cares, we're just here to make money.
muh satoshis vision
and decentralized.
So literally litecoin or vertcoin.
By that logic, ethereum, monero, ark, iota (if it gets finished), etc.
etc.
etc.
are more in line with Satoshi's vision than any BTC version.
Hell, by that logic fucking DOGE is more in line with Satoshi's vision.BTC will stay on top for a few more years, because it was the first, and everything is set up around it, so there's no reason to swap it for something equally bad, like BCH.Eventually, one day, better technology will supersede it.
Not bigger block sizes, and not something where mining is so centralised.
Actually better tech.
*That* is Satoshi's vision - decentralisation.
And this debacle has shown in terms the whole world can understand that neither BTC nor BCH are decentralised.But for now, BTC is king, because it already is.
Satoshi here.
Bch isn't my vision
monero is bitcoin cap this
damn straight
yuge if homosex
I can understand the arguments in favor of XMR and ETH but LTC is not any better.
Tig if brue
BCH graph looked like a pump scheme this weekend.
Kind of pisses me off.BTC holds and regains value so well.
I expect any other alt to be a fraction of BTC.
Hang in there bros.
you can say bch is satoshi's vision all you wantBUT IT WILL NEVER CHANGE THE FACT THE SHITCOIN WILL NEVER RECOVER AFTER THIS.i cant believe that Ddos worked on that shit korean exchange, it fucking crashed the price hard!
Do you honestly think you'll be able to pump like this again since EVERYONE knows how to stop a BCH moon?
The next time BCH is pumped my shorts will be ready
wtf is this btc Core that people keep talking about?
>implying currency can't be a store of value Money in the mattressGold coins Just because satoshi didn't think btc would be exactly what it is doesn't mean it's badBCH will be good when crypto adoption is more mainstream, but for now you just got PnD'd
I don't know man it seems to be worth around 1000 now a lot more then people thought it would be.
It's the top 3 coin ffs
I'm getting excited dessuuThe long tyranny of the Bitcoin Imperium is nearing its end, so much potential opening up.
I smell $$$
Lets make DOGE great again
bump
This
I thought niggercoin was just a meme.