So if anyone's following this project, it looks like the contribution cap will be fucking 1.4-1.7 ETH per person for day 1.It's also going to be a spread cap for day 2, so there will be no GAS wars, and I doubt we will be going to day 3.Honestly, I wasn't expecting the cap to be so fucking low, I think I might have underestimated the demand for this shit massively, I was expecting a 3+ ETH cap.How much can those who didn't get whitelisted expect to be paying to pick this token up on ED after it's made available to trade?
Im a burger so I got fucked.
Only accredited investors could whitelist
1.7 eth r u fucking kidding me with this fucking bull shit?
I will have to go thru that ed shit again to fill up bags but if it moons too hard before i get in im out.
Fuck
It can’t be that low how’d you calculate that??
There will be a day 3, some ppl wont fill day 2.
Its just their system
There won't be a day 2 or 3.
Best buy my bags at x25
From their telegram:"Dear all, thank you for your support.
Looks like the group of our supporters had grown a lot in the last couple of months.
We've just closed the new whitelist registrations.
We don't have the final numbers yet: some submissions will not pass, some will be rejected due to fake data (we have anti-fake in our DNA after all) + there are other factors (e.g.
ETH/USD rate) that will affect the final cap.
But it looks like the fist day cap will be around 1.4-1.7 ETH.Don't take it as a final number, rather an indication of how much ether you should have ready for day 1.
"Be serious please, x25 is not gonna happen immediately or even this year, I am thinking x5 out the gate (first 72 hours) at most, especially with the way eth is looking, but wanted to see what other people are feeling.
If it's anything like WTC you can expect good things off the start... but isn't there a token buy back at cost too?
Everyone is expecting to flip this, its gonna dump like DRP which had a 8 million cap and its now below that
Yeah pre-sale people were offered to either have their tokens bought back at ico price, or to have it locked up for 3-6 months.I used to think like this, but you have to realise 99% of people in crypto in general are looking to flip and milk gains off of anything, yet things still increase.
I highly doubt that will happen here.
There is 0 incentive for anyone to dump becaus there are no active discounts.
This shit is going to dump so fucking hard
There would have to be 20000 people on the whitelist to fill up the cap on the first day at 1.5 eth wtf
It pays of to have hundreds of brothers and sisters.
Allahu Akbar, my friend.
Shit, I only got one whitelist, but I learned by now that there are enough idiots who will dump this in the beginning allowing me to fill my bags.
I've already turned 5 ETH into 700 thanks to all the weak hands in the beginning with WTC and VEN, and Wabi looks like it's going to leave those in the dust.
Can't wait to turn my 700 ETH into at least 140,000 in the first 3 months!
Gotta love those dumpers!
Come to papa wabi babies!
no presale dumpers because only presalers that got bonuses have tokens locked for 3-5 months, feeling good about this one
Ah yes the street shitters have many siblings
Horrible time for icos btc will not stop mooning any time soon expect it to be dead on arrival
we get it you missed the whitelist
ED listing when?