You have $5,000 to your name, no job, minimal skills, and access to internet and PC.
What do you do to survive?
First of all get some XP, level up and inves t skill points in "minimal skills" to make them "average skills".
Repeat until "polished skills".
Trade shitcoins
If blue ID, buy my POT COIN losses on this pbc alert
Learn codingEat on 50/monthGet a part time job until i get a coding job
I speak Spanish and can write papers, thanks liberal arts educationthought about this, is it really worth it to learn coding?
What should I start with?
Should I go to community college, coding bootcamp, or just learn for free online?
Buy cryptoJoin military
buy a metal detector and go search for buried treasure
Go to soup kitchens and pantry houses for food if you have to pay your own food.Seek renters assistance (http://www.needhelppayingbills.com/html/get_help_paying_rent.html) if you have to pay your own billsSpend your whole day putting in job applications until one calls you back.
Even if you have to walk to your job or ride the bus, or buy a bicycle.
Work your new job and budget your money to ensure everything you need to pay is covered, now start saving money for investing.
In your free time do your own research into what to invest in.
Learn
You can learn coding for free online but it isn't the greatest course, just basic stuff.
You can do bounties on BTT but it takes on average about 1-3months to get paid.
The payment is very different aswell as you're subjected to the marketprice.Can't you get a job in some factory or something?
Atleast you can then support yourself and do something else on the side to improve your situation.
Just gotta work hard really... (and smart)
Get a job
google udacity
Buy BTC.
I can get a job, I was fired from my previous job and want to get a decent job and not something that I will just hate and either get fired from or quit within a year.
I've had 3 jobs since graduating college in 2013, not one has led to a promotion or anything better.
I'm so tired of working bullshit jobs.
Yes I now realize I should not have majored in liberal arts, just deciding what to do from here and it's driving me crazy.
I've been unemployed for a month and I now feel worthless but getting a new job wouldn't do anything for my mental health at this point unless it's something I'm interested in (journalism, history, politics, etc)
should I put all my money in now?
I feel like I should wait for a dip
dips don't mean shit with BTC.