are we buying BAT yet?
I've definitely been stocking up.
This YouTube thing has extremely strong potential.
I'm really curious to see what will happen as content creators discover this over the next few weeks.
Still holding 5k BAT.
Still at a $600 loss.
Please buy my bags anon.
guess i'm more just wondering if it's still worth stepping in at this point.
holy fuck.
can you at least give us some warning before you dump please?
I bought a couple.
but you know its gonna bleed down to $.10 before gemini.
unless one of you chink whales decide otherwise
I'm holding some at a loss and some at a gain, I'm not worried about losing a little money on this as it feels like a sure thing.
You can probably get 50% more gains if you wait a while but eh.
Missing out on rockets has done me so much damage and I'm numb to losing money now, I just don't care.
Don't worry.
I'm not selling anything before we get to $1.50 :)
That's a $1.5B market cap.
You really think it can get there?
If so in what sort of time-frame?
Without a doubt.
My guess would be 1-2 years, but things could escalate quickly with the right marketing.
Still in since it was .25.
I'm in it to win it.
Nice, I want to try to increase my stack to at least 10k before it blows up, only at ~2.8 at the moment since I'm a poorfag.
But even as it stands if I hold until $1.5 I still stand to make around $4.3k, which would be nice.
I will say I really like the brave browser, except for the fact that it doesn't like to drag and drop tabs on multiple screens.
I hear it's fucking amazing as a phone browser though, will have to give it a go once I get another phone.
Current one is fucked and the screen is all cracked and shit,
I heard that Brave was giving away free BAT to users next month, but I can't find any info.
Is there any truth to that or am I be bullshitted.
They are, but you have to give it to others.
If you dont, it all gets destroyed after X time.
holding BAT just because of their audacity to go against Google and Shitbook
Lost thousands on that trash, never touching it again
BAT has only given me losses, but I have genuine faith in it
link?
I'd happily give it out via Brave if it was free to begin with.
Do my bit to get the network going and all that.
Same as FUN.
Done nothing but lose me money.
But I still believe in it.
Been bagholding this for a while.
I stubbornly refuse to sell at a loss.
Good chance this one comes back strong though, I think.
What is the benefit of BAT token holders
Would you ever drop any if bitcoin a bear market in those 1-2 years?