On the one hand im very happy that i turned 600$ into 890$ within a few days.
On the other hand im fucking pissed of that i dont have more money for invest.
If i had 60k, 600k, 6 million it would be the easiest way to get filthy rich.
But no, here i am poorfagging.How to get more money for investing?
How do i get old grannys to give me their lifesavings for trading?
MILLIONAIRE AND LAMBO WITH 30 OR DEATH
lol relax, you gambled and got lucky.
either go all in or get a job you dumb neet
it's as easy to lose, easier in fact.
Be grateful you're on winning side.
lol... i turned 500 into 1111 in 3 days a few months back when XRP was tweeting about Swell and everyone thought it was actual newsthen i got greedy and turned the 1111 into 200usd.
felt bad but was extremely necessary and thought me a valuable lesson.
just recently turned 4k into 12k, and the token hasn't even mooned yet.
shit feels good and comfy as fuck.
make smart tradesstart with low amounts until you get the hang of it.
read up a lot... DYOR is key.Ive turned 2k into 24k in 6 months never holding more than 1 btc
dude, you need more market liquidity w/ bigger trades.majority of the markets at normal hours arent there yet except for btc or eth
your mentality changes as you work with bigger numbers.The fear of losing starts to become bigger than your desire of gains.
go on bitmex and use x100 leverage
Im a newfag to the markets myself.
im learning the lingo and such and testing the water with pussyapps like stash and wealthsimple.
I have an Etrade account ill start using pretty soon.
Just keep trading.
I've turned my $300 into $100kthe more you make, the easier it is to make even more (and conversly to lose)
This.
10x'ing 1k and letting it ride isn't that big of a deal and most of us could do it (with the right coin).
But 100k 10x'd into a million?
That requires brass balls to actually ride out.
>could have quadrupled my initial investment but I had to cash out a large chunk a month agoat least this $400 will turn into $800 in another month right
buy link
Get loans?
I took a couple out from my bank to get started.
The payments are affordable enough on a part time job.
If not an option then use what you got to buy BTS on their DEX - you can then use that as collateral to take out USD or CNY loan to buy more BTC/ETH etc.
I took out $1k loan (0% rate) earlier using my BTS as collateral to get some more BTC to hold till it reaches 9kish (maybe 10kish see how it goes) then sell.