NULSbro reporting!How many NULS have you got, my fellow NULSbros?If you have at least 5k, you will make it.
tfw only about 700 nuls :(
I SAW IT STARTING TO BE SHILLED LAST NIGHT AND IGNORED IT, NOW I'M STILL ALL IN ON FUCKING CONFIDO RAPIDLY LOSING VOLUME
are you an idiot?
don't invest in NULS btw, it's going to die soon.
FUCKOFF
Don't worry anon.We all start somewhere with low resources.
You're gonna make it.I was hesitating, but I finally sold all my Confido to go all in into NULS.Best.
Decision.
Ever.
4262671Why do you hate money, anons?
>ERC20 token>Next NeoLmao you guys are gonna get dumped on just like muh 'Korean Ethereum'.
Enjoy your bags!
>yes,like Ethereumjust bought 100k
NULS is gonna make next year nice.
Poorfag here with 500 NULS reporting in.
This is the new espers.
Pajeet coin.
NULS = ONE BELT ONE ROAD take note
If you're on the fence about nuls, just look at its price action and how it is performing now.This coin is going for the parabola upwards, en force.You can hop in while people are accumulating now.
It's trading on Bit-z as well as BInance.So it isn't as simple as pumping a one exchange coin.
This is the real deal.
The unJUSTing.
THE PROPHECY.20% rise.
Next hour.
Plus nobody knows about it.
Currently it's only shilled here.
Imagine when normies find out about it
it's a classic chinese money making scam.they'll all pumping into it and will all dump at the same time.they've probably got a whole warehouse full of people.
it's a scam, you'll lose it all.
its dropping as fast as it rose.if youve got money in it, sell it now.
or you'll go down with the ship!
You are all retarded to buy this shit.
You think any Chinese is interested in making something when they've realized americans will buy literally any copy pasted code they make and think that its the 'next neo'?
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
its already dumping - nice whitepaper
watch outonly a skeleton project in their github
GOING BACK TO WHERE WE WERE IS NOT DUMPING
Agree.
It looks like shit.
ethereum> not investing in the real deal> holding scamcoinabsolute state of biz
i've seen photos from china of huge warehouses lined with hundreds of computers all mining and buying and selling.they'll all want you to put your money into it and then they will collapse it.
their only intention is short term gain.
Been warning you all day you fucking mongoloids.
kek
It's fucking dumping.
What do we do
Sell the news idiots.
When will you learn?
tfw i bought at 97 and it immediately drops 10 cents kill me
 Chain.javaAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH HAH HH HAAHAHH if anyone actually puts his money in there, good luck dude, all your money will be gone if you trust javayou guys are the real jews
jyoozy:>What makes Nuls so different than the second largest crypto/blockchain in the worldNuls:>yes, like Ethereum.Are they Indians by any chance?
Hodl the line!
ahahaha
the real deal is if you buy now and make instant profits
nah counterfeiting chinks.probably bought the coding off a sell out from some other coin for a comfy price.chinese dont invent things themselves, they steal or copy.it probably is ether , just repackaged it.
God the wojaks and bagholders will be glorious when the dump starts
Binance WILL get rekt for the fuckery they commit.
might aswell load a gun for them, so they can use it on themselves later.
It started already.
Got out right on time with a nice +
There hasn't been a dump.
White paper is out.
What now?
it just lost 50% in within literally 3 minutes.
there was a bit of a dump from 0.618-.41
nuls pajeets atm
have you seen groups of pajeets talk about crypto.its a cringefest, they get so excited.
buy the dip, it will repeat, thats it
Are we getting dumped on?
in the end they work in a callcenter and listen to my complains about cheap chinese electronicsor they come to the west and clean the shitter
I just sold at 0.443I should have sold at 0.6 but whatever, I still made ~3x
How do you retards fall for this EVERY SINGLE TIME it's the same shitcoin pump every fucking time.
Link Odn Elix Coss And 10000 others Fuck you deserve to lose everything
biz falls for pump and dumphere is susan with the weathernext breaking news at 10
What was that?
It's going up
4263450>babbies first shake out.>not buying the dip you have all been moaning about wanting all fucking dayWEWEW
what market is that?
BNB/NULS
TOPKEK $5OPKEK$5
Holy shit is Binance down for everyone els?
up for me
ya it keeps going up and down, and I got a 500 error
lol its a scam bwahahahaha
This is ELIX/ODN all over again.
Fucking prime opportunity in this market for anons to get gains but /biz/ gonna do it's best to still manage losing money puying an already over pumped coin.
am i too late, kinda got some fomo
Ah yes it must be the exchange manipulating, no one could have POSSIBLE seen this shitcoin dumping as soon as the whitepaper released kek
it's dropped 150% in 1 1/2 hours.
its going to tank to nothing.buy out now, to make a profit.
why they list it in the first place
exchange takes feeexchange is the ultimate jewwelcome to trading
so we all selling?
binance is based in china right?
is nuls of their doing?
would not be surprised.
I'm holding.
It's about where it was before the spike so I'm going to see what happens by tomorrow.
The whitepapper/github scenario looks sketchy but it's at least steady for now
Send some Satoshi love :D12TxduPcaQPaisHPryEugePybFVt7UUAuG
Back to $1 now
showing 87 cents on binance for me
wish i invested in vert yesterday its up 41% now.easy money.
Here is their community manager in telegram wanking fuckhttps://twitter.com/essam_elmirhttps://badoo.com/en-au/profile/01243034551Enjoy your fucking bags Nuls cuck.
Ehh.
Not too far from BAT's community managers.
One was a 19 year old girl.
But worse indeed.
I wouldn't use it as an indicator for the project being legit or not.
It's a person who essentially posts stuff on twitter and chats with people
2k reporting in.
If i had of been swing trading my entire stack last night and hadn't of needed sleep at 3am right before it fucking mooned and dipped i'd have a stack of 5k or more.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Don't worry just yet.
Word is chink whales bout to pop it back up
Based whales.
someone is putting fake sell walls
I essentially missed out on 2.5x my portfolio I AM PISSED
Are you guys still in or has everybody sold?
Out at .45 during the hump, not enough support at .45, thinking .20s is a better bet.
Just saw it go .372 to .33 and now .345 so it's still got some to go
I'm still in, and I'm the one that called the end of month prophecy.
AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHH FUCK EVERYTHING I'M STILL UP 100% BUT IT COULD HAVE BEEN LIKE 600% ARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
BUY THE DIP AAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Unironically this.
How many nuls you have anon
SELL WALLS ARE DOWN!
Woop here we go.
Right click and Loop for good luckhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hxibHJOE5E
Poor fag here.
How many nuls can I get with $300?
i hope u realised this is just a PND coin.
Shit FUD m8.
You aren't too late to get in you know?
We are going to $5 with or without you.
The Coin is legit anon.
They ARE actually InChain.
https://github.com/inchaincodes/inchain/graphs/contributorshttps://github.com/nuls-io/nuls/graphs/contributorsLook at the top contributors at InChain.
Same people are the devs of NulsInChain has won from what I can understand at least 1 award in China at China's Blockchain technological Innovation and Application Contest for the most innovative and creative projectProofs: http://blog.inchain.org/archives/293They refunded their ICO, when it was not punishable in China to not refund.
Not a scam.
Might be legit, but the whitepaper just screams lazy pajeet scam
How do you know they have the same developers?
The Engrish whitepaper that you saw floating around earlier?
Yeah, that was clearly a quickly knocked up FUD piece.
Dumbarse.
Its on there website.....
Word is sounds like bullshit
On their Twitter I think you mean?So what should whitepapers look like if this one is so shitty?
Regardless.
I don't see myself holding this all the way from "ice" to "steam".
Yes' I'll kick myself in the balls if it goes above 1$ again, but long term I have zero trust in this shitcoin.
So in like like half an hour then?
Thank fuck half of you have ADHD, I swear.
plz explain what you're seeing here that makes you think it's about go even go back up over a dollar
hahahahah this my /biz/tards is what you call desperation.
Somebody purchased at $1 and legitimately thought this was a good coin.This was a nice profit, but that's all.
Seriously?
You want me to explain to you how no massive sell walls that are staggered out with a great big green buy wall backing it up will make the price go up?
Like you don't already know the implication?
Ok fine, you got me it's gonna go down forever, quick exit stage right.
Got in last night when based anon gave us the word.
Around 0.17 BNB.
Fucking comfy over here.
Pic related end of week.
That seems to entail assumptions about rate of trading.More I was commenting on the significant difference in sell books, and their corresponding shapes in depth chart for BNB pairing vs BTC pairing, seems odd and the differences only appear to have grown starker
WALLSBRAINLET BRAINLET BRAINLET
Been watching it for the last 24 hours.
It bounces between two points for about an hour, then moons 20%.
Repeat.
This last one has gone for about 2 hours.
But I still Expect it to repeat.
Each dip has lasted only a few minutes, like they are scared people will notice.
And they probably are, they don't want too many in at too low a price.
ONE BELT ONE ROADyou can call me whatever you want.
Your FUD isn't going to work on me.
I'm coming on this moon mission whether you like it or not.
i own 5btc worth but walls mean nothing, volume is the only true indicator
That's what you get for playing Overcuck
Damn, that's balls in.
More evidence your FUD is just that.
Wish I had 5 BTC to throw in it but.
YES ROUNDEYE IT JUST RIKE EFERIUM YOU BUY NOW MAKE YOU RICH.
DONT RET THIS OPPORTUNITY PASS YOU BY
If you own 5btc of this then you are retarded.
This is a literal shitcoin pump and dump.
Smart people like myself rode it for 3x then fucked off and put that money elsewhere, in actual projects.But you probably don't have 5btc because somebody this retarded would have lost it already.
kek i already cashed out 15 btc worth you tard
having 100k to throw around on chinkcoin>being on 4chanWhy haven't you paid for rehab or yoga or something?
i started with 5k in june, maybe you can make it too anon :) I believe in you
He doesn't realise this IS an actual project.Oh my.
So deluded, typical coping strategy.
Drop the bags and move on man, plenty of gains to be made elsewhere.
NO.
I'm riding this to $5 and beyond.