Does anyone really care about crypto?I just want to make money.
I just want to make money.I think that goes for most things, anon
I want to make money and boycott the government/banks
Yes, anything to be able to subvert (((them))).
They have ruined every single Western nation with their fiat based system that only survived by perpetuating debt and importing millions of new debt slaves from the third world while skimming interest from paper fiat created from nothing by their associates.
Fiat is the ultimate ponzi scheme.
Crypto is Gen X / Y way of getting back at the boomers.
BTC dropping now is great since all the normies / boomers that bought in at ATH will suffer and get shaken out.
I think crypto is amazing technology but I most likely wouldn't give a shit about it if I couldn't make money from it to be honest.
Sums up how i feel.
Even if i do make it and convert back to fiat I think at this point I will always be interested in/reading about/investing in crypto.
It's a part of me now.
Yes, crypto makes microfinance easy and accessible to millions of people.
Take for example developing markets.
People there might look for a $100 loan.
What bank gives loans like that?
Very few.
But crypto can do that.
Perhaps they live in places where banks are far away.
They want to transact anyway.
Crypto does that, too.
Someone wants to store their money somewhere that isn't accessible by governments or political upstarts.
Crypto does that.
Crypto has the potential to broaden the scope of international commerce.
Now I can pay anyone, anywhere, quickly and without routing through financial institutions.
i care about crypto a lot.
Also we don't have to trust each other.
I don't need to worry about pajeet's check bouncing because the transaction won't even happen unless he actually has the funds.
And once they're sent, they're sent for good - no takebacks or scumbaggery.
I just wanna make USD, but I know once I cash out on everything and pay taxes, it'll be very hard to go back and buy so much bitcoin.So I'm in crypto until it nets me millions.
Fiat 'money' is premined, occult/private ledger, with most of the 'coins' rehypothecated on unaccountable side chains.
i'd love to make millions in crypto, cash out a few mil and leave rest in crypto as a new asset class/hedge against fiatbut if i reach 1-2m in crypto, most of that is coming out
I'm in it for the money short term but I also believe in crypto as a way forward.
It will be tough to beat out the big players but at least we'll have something resembling a free currency
Crypto is amazing and will change the financial sector for the good.
The less we have to trust centralized financial institutions for our transactions, the better.But, I mostly just care about making money.
I don't care how I do it.
Botting, shilling, scamming, pump and dumps, I just don't care.
I blame the capitalist system that demands I wageslave for 40 years of my life just so I can spend my most decrepit years in some semblance of peace and security (and even that isn't guaranteed anymore).
If workaday life wasn't such an intolerable hell I wouldn't feel forced to gamble, scheme, and scam to make enough money to escape it all.
Like if the full-time work week were 30 hours long (with benefits and vacation still), that would probably be enough right there.
rehypothecatedI don't know if that's a real word or not but I'm going to use it from now on, thanks anon