Has anyone here ever invested in traditional stocks, meaning no crypto?
What was it like?
How different is it from crypto investing?
Made big gains from trackers by timing central banks action.
Lost it all in a bloodbath when China fucked things up around new year 2016.
So gay lol
prices are based on a companies holding and potential earnings and aren't entirely speculation.
you can still speculate but you have a general idea of what your odds are.if you dump your money into an S&P index you'll make ~9%/yr which is the bench mark for long term return.
If you don’t have a lot to invest, you’ll need to be extremely lucky just to cover the fees for buying stocks... No robinhood in NZ...
The close and open of market and after hours trading make strategizing fundamentally different.
Dosen't crypto also have hours of closing?
S&P index you'll make ~9%/yr which is the bench mark for long term returHow do I pick good indexes?
I was a robinhood fag before I went all in on ETH in the spring.
It's 10x the work for 1/10th the gains, and you can't make more than a few day trades a wreck without getting taxed as a "day trader" (hope you're rich already lol)It's not worth it unless you're already a millionaire and your goal is to live off of small but relatively stable profits / dividends each year
no
Day trades a week*
I didn't know that get taxed heavily.
I want to get into stocks for passive gains.
I was given shares in British telecom bought about 30 years ago.
Since then the dividends have lifted from 4p to about 120p.
That's right folks that's a VERY COMFY 3x in 30 years
p?
I meant 12p
 What have you been doing with the dividends that you've been accumulating all these years?
I bought some Nintendo stock at the beginning of the year and made 70% on it plus dividends.
Great for gains stocks but shitty compared to crypto.
its the same as crypto except for adults and using real money
Probably more than half have gone straight in the bin - a cheque is only three or four quid one or twice a year The other half gone into the bank account to be lost like tears in the rain
 That doesn't sound like a smart thing to do.
I try to dump slightly more into vanguard mutual funds.
Not nearly as fun, but at least I feel insulated no matter the economic environment.
vanguard mutual funds.What exactly is this and how is it different from an index fund?
If you don't daytrade (buying selling the same thing in a day) it's not bad, but like I said you'll have to do more research for slower gains.
If you're already wealthy then go for it.
If you're not there yet, stick to crypto
Probably isn't.
But for the price of three to six pints of milk in gainz every twelve months ... pffft
I never even thought that for someone who started trading in crypto and never knew anything else wouldn't know tfw>AH spike>pre-market gap down>power hourreally cant understate how only ~8hr of market time per changes the entire game
Well Vanguard is the website / brokerage.
No idea the difference between mutual and index funds, it's actually technically and index fund where I stick my money.You can pick them off different industries or risk levels.
The fund I use is VTSMX (Vangaurd Total Stock Market Index), it's just all the top US and some foreign companies.
It's mid-high risk because it's all stocks.
Low risk would be bonds, which is like investing in the government (or something, I don't really know).
4386602Also I believe Vanguard is for US people only, but it's all mostly the same.
You have to do this to beat inflation otherwise you lose money as the FED prints more.
Or whatever bullshit your respective government is pulling.
4386602Thanks.
I hope to stash away some money into index funds one day.
I've done a little.
It's a pretty slow way to accumulate money but lower risk over the long term, and better than sitting in cash to have it eaten by inflation.
Most people with some kind of clue just dump money into an index fund tracking a large part of the market.
Managed investments rarely do much better than this, and skim lots of fees off the top.
VTSMX is good like another anon mentioned.
I like VTI too.
Some people try dividend investing as well, which will probably also get you where you're trying to go.
VYM is alright.
Just keep putting money into these funds and set the dividends to reinvest and wait... a little over ten years to double your purchasing power.You can draw around 4% of this kind of fund per year without running it into the ground.
If you have some hundreds of thousands of dollars you can have a nice steady income.I hope once you all make it you will divest yourself of some crypto and switch to this strategy and live off the gains and dividends.
Don't lose everything in a new and volatile financial asset.
You will average 7% per year in a cross S&P 500 index fund.
Active trading that does not involve insider trading is a scam.
made 70% on it plus dividendsWhy can wall street barely make 10% gains but buying nintendo gives you 70% gains?
Having $25,000 to avoid pattern day trader regs is like being a “millionaire”>>/biz/
extremely regulated with very little gains to be made
Sorta.
During the 2008 financial crisus stocks were crazy cheap.
I used all my birthday money (I was 15 at the time) that I saved up and bought as much CITI and BoA stock as I could afford.
I'm basically living off of those profits now while I play crypto and fuck around traveling the world
Not as fun, usually, except in some rare cases.
I only do long term investments on the stock market, stuff I think has potential over a period of at least a couple years.
No day trading or any of that kind of thing as I have neither the time nor the inclination.
For stocks I currently I have some in two of the big marijuana companies in anticipation of the Canadian legalization next summer.
Also one crypto related stock with HIVE Blockchain.
I've made 20 percent a year for the last 3 years.
Stocks are not bad.
Don't play the stocks under 5 bucks unless it's a solid company that you really believe has a future.
You play the pump and dump game and you will lose.
Buy the rumor sell the news.
Don't get greedy when you have a winning stock, walk away with your winnings.
When times are the bleakest is when you buy, when times are the best is when you sell.
and BoA stock as I could afford.I remember this happening and BoA hitting lile 6 bucks.
I wanted to go in so hard on that and gold but I could barely afford rent at the time.Can't wait for next crash
I’ve lost nearly every time.
Have about 16 grand in a TD Ameritade account that is all negative so I won’t sell.
The only one recently I did well off of was OSIS after the Vegas shooting.
And, no shit, this was a tip-off from /pol.
100% serious.
But every other trade I’m down on.
The Crypto market is open 24/7
Low fees are generally the best indicator of performance when comparing apples to apples.ETF or index funds that trade the entire world are as passive as you can get but can be somewhat volatile.
Common advice is to smooth out the ride with bonds if you rely on a certain amount of fixed income.
You can shave off some more fees by buying ETFs for each region individually and balancing them out yourself, but that's a little more work and stress.Depending on how much your investing and where you live you can talk to an accountant about taking advantage of some tax tricks that could save a fair amount.
The money I lose is very real anon.
What exactly is this and how is it different from an index fund?There are some legal differences, but they're very similar in principle.
ETF tend to be more hands off and can charge lower fees, which is the number you want to be ultimately looking at.Why can wall street barely make 10% gains but buying nintendo gives you 70% gains?Because you can't tell who the winners are ahead of time.
If there was such a method, some bankers would have bought up the profits by the time you heard about it.
in Sweden we have 0.5% tax on stocks and trading fees range from $1 to $3 so stocks are definitely worth it here.
I made some money from shale oil 2015/2016.
Should have been paying attention to crypto instead.