HOT OFF THE PRESSES, AUSTRALIAN GOVERNMENT WILL USE POWER LEDGER https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50ae
Wait the government's using it already?
Far out
Oh fuck
Fuckin eh
CISCO will be supporting the project as part of its strategic partnershipO_O
Its pumping.
Coordinated shilling at this finest itt
AAA THIS IS IT, MOON CITY
Your an idiot if you don't see the value in this technology and this company lol.
Sad pajeet
Strap on mooners
Is this sold on etherdelta?
just bought 0.36 btc of this!
let's go
Moon passport on me let's go.
Fremantle is a shithole though.
Nothing but thots and wankers.
this
test
Binance
Freemantle.Population: 1
How is the increasing adoption of solar battery storage systems not going to make this tech completely obsolete?
Get in on this now, Australia is one of the most socialist first-world countries and their gov.
will pump the shit out of this.
They will only help eachother?
batteries mean you can lend more power...??????
Fucking retards i swear.
Let me think.. cuck solar boxes?
or quantum energy encrypted power coins??
If I don't live in Australia can i use the POWR token to buy Australian electricity?
Can it ship via FedEx?
hellou but is only 8 millioin, almost nothing
Have you even read the fucking white paper?The platform relies on people collecting more power than they can use while the sun is up, so they sell/share the unused power to others.Now they just bank the power in their storage systems and use it all up during the evening when the solar panels aren't collecting shit.Yeah there are other little elements they have added in but the backbone of the tech is people selling off the power they can't use at peak generation times..... if these people are just holding the excess power to use later there will be fuck-all being shared.This tech is 5 years too late.
meant for 
they don't the surplus fool.it gets automatically put back on the grid.Stupid ass
4409659I can tell you don't watch Rick and Morty
I swear pumps last about 35 seconds these days ...
yea but why dont they use dollars and save this crypto thing?
Its 4am EST... launching soon
Same day listing on Bittrex.Mercury: 400% pumpPOWR: 20%"Big" POWR news, pump 6%Shit coin
how the fuck do you get the new this soon
solar panels are for commies nothing is free but i already have 160 pwrs
Mercury currently -18% ... ok
do i invest more in this coin or not?
kek
When their batteries are full, the excess power can be shared too automatically.
Just like the fact that the electrical company pays ME money because we have solar panels on our house.
Other people will be paying us for the excess with this tech.
Not only that, the tech is a godsend when the power goes out.
No more reliance on the provider to get the power back on, just buy some on your phone to power your house in down times.
'Power Shake-Up': Power Ledger on 9 News Perthhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6H4_59W1oY
big if true
You got two good options:1.
Wait for the weak hands to pile in2.
Wait for their fold and drop3.
Buy in a couple weeksor 2:1.buy right now2.hold until spike3.sellEither will do you good.
Fold?
First world govt support is going to push this through the roof.
Have you seen what they have done in a year and half.
Its easy money.
Not even $100 million cap.
Half the shitcoins don't even have a working product, they are already in homes now with government support.
Stay poor.
Medium is a shit meme site
Have to spell it out for pleb kids.
Do your research and pick up on information.https://youtu.be/1Vd36T44h-U?t=4m20
Wow this is big.
I just saw this on our TV news https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6H4_59W1oY
I already sold at stoploss :(
big if true
Wtf ALL MY LINK IS GONE
What do you mean?
They already have houses in Fremantle setup on the system.
The funding will allow them to develop the project further starting within 2 months for over 2 years.
I don't think this spastic board understands that the product is actually functioning and is now being funded by the government.
While everyone is hoarding link in their colons this massive opportunity just floats in the air.
storage systemsNigger, hardly anyone here has batteries yet.
They aren't economically viable yet.
gib milkies plshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Vd36T44h-U