Which crypto exchanges do you use /biz/?I'm an eurofag and used only Kraken for the 2months I'm in trading.I'm europoor and find pretty confy the direct EUR pairs, but it lags hard on orders and has no shit-tier shitcoins trading.
Kraken is awesome for cashing out gains in EUR.
It's a FIAT gateway for people in the EU and that's why it will stay around and stay big.Other than that it's okay for selling and buying every now and then when you're investing (ie not during bullruns and heavy volume).For actual trading it's abysmal.
I left this pile of shit for bittrex

I left this pile of shit for bittrexI wanna leave the pile of thieving shit that is bittrex, but I can't get my money out of it…How would I file criminal charges agains an US based exchange in Euroland?
Yep, they disabled withdrawals for all unverified accounts.
My funds are stuck there too.
Yep, they disabled withdrawals for all unverified accounts.Which I can actually understand why they'd have to do that.What I however do not understand is, that they refuse to accept my verification and then fall silent when I contact support about it.Yeah, OK, I see that you are busy, but over a week with no comunication?
"The secure digital exchange" my ass.
It's pretty shit.
I do a test on every new exchange I use.
Deposit pennies worth of something then try to withdraw it, and see if it lets me.
I saw Bittrex was giving me shit about it so I made sure to get verified first before I started using their exchange.
I submitted everything for enhanced verification as well over a week ago, nothing for 3 days, submitted ticket got auto junk response, replied back saying i took steps, open unanswered ticket nkw for 7 days... Theyll easily take .5 btc from me but wont allow withdrawals or answer my last emails.
Got told to visit their slack, ITS ONLY AVAILABLE FOR ENHNACED VERIFIED MEMBERS.
Big exchange, no customer service, holding funds for over a week now with no response...
I see multiple people like this as well.
Im talking to my father who is an attorney and my uncle whos not just an attorney but is actually a partner at a decent sized firm in Orlando about a class action lawsuit.Their biggest excuse is, too big too soon.
They shoukd cut off deposits and nit acceot new accounts if thats the case.
Not take our money, not answer us, and hold funds until they feel like it.
Makes sense.
And yeah, I did withdrawals before.
But suddenly, they changed it without notice.
Fuckers send me e-mails about every little fart, but can't be arsed to inform me about ta coming, significant change in their TOS?
bitstamp.net
m talking to my father who is an attorney and my uncle whos not just an attorney but is actually a partner at a decent sized firm in Orlando about a class action lawsuit.Please keep /biz/ informed about how that plays out.>Their biggest excuse is, too big too soonYeah, I get that they might have in fact some "legitimate" reasons for the "delays" and that all probably will work out and that there is no malicious intent on their side, but as you say, fuckers gotta act before shit hits the fan and they break under pressure.
if you remember poloniex this is eerily similar to them going insolvent, clearly that paki kike that runs bittrex is needing to lock random accounts to siphon their funds so it doesnt turn into poloniex 2.0
Would you recomend to steer away from bittrex or just use with caution?Their exchange seems pretty good but I have only done a single trade so far.
I would prefer to use ED sometimes, but the bittrex exchange seems to move faster depending on the coin.
is Binance really good or we are having a massive shilling going on?
QuadrigaCX is good.
Slow on the verification turnover lately but otherwise fine aside from their crappy non adjustable charts.