Mainnet release the 28th November, shitload of exchanges will add it in the coming weeks.https://www.reddit.com/r/raidennetwork/comments/7deu4c/list_of_projects_planning_to_use_raiden/https://github.com/raiden-network/microraiden/milestone/2
Good project with high IQ guys behind it
Isn't the token useless though?
does it matter if nobody's going to actually use the network itself?vitalik is funding a direct competitor, and it's clear raiden isn't going to be integrated or used when everyone knows something else is going to replace it entirely in a few months.there's no way anyone's going to try to push for a sub-network that the creator of the network it's supposed to be used in does not support it.
this
if XRP can't even moon with Amex news, Raiden isn't going anywhere.
It's even more useless than Cripple.
shut the fuck up
It's not, repeating the same retarded FUD won't make it a truth.it's clear raiden isn't going to be integrated or used when everyone knows something else is going to replace it entirely in a few months.
"few months" top kekPlasma is fucking vaporware, it will be like LN: always 18 months away, also Raiden is just a more elegant solution for payment and micropayments and when it comes to these solution the first mover will win them all.
So... are you saying OmiseGo and other services is going to use Raiden to start with?
They seem heavily invested in Plasma development.
Other services?
Sure look at the reddit link.I don't really care about OMG desu.
what competitor ?
That coin doesn't need shill, the fundamental are so strong, let biz buy high sell low coin like BCH or NEO while smart money is quietly investing in this coin since ico.They have been listed in binance and huobi without even asking or paying a penee to them.. uradien coming at the end of the month is supposed to increase eth transaction from 100/sec to 100 000/sec, it's the fucking LN of eth, Raiden is the only LN project with a working product at this time.
Priced in.
The first thing I checked on that list is Request, it links to their whitepaper, which says they are focusing on working on Plasma, not Raiden.The list is garbage.
I saw maybe 2/3 thread about this coin on biz last week.
And everytime there are fudders saying token is useless (while it's clearly not, token is used for fees), saying plasma is better (while RDN is clearly ahead)..From my experience, when a coin is fudded that hard, it is good sign.I remember NEO fud on july/early august when it was still antshares... People were doing litterally 10 pages of google doc to say it's a retarded technology with no usecase...
Since August rush, I never see a single fud about NEO technology... Where are these fudders now ?
Accumulating RDN maybe :D ?
I fud neo on the regular.
It still hasn't proven itself useful for anything more than attracting western speculators on western exchanges.