>Trade crypto>Go to gym>Do wageslave job>Go to collegeThis shit is starting to take its toll.
One of this has to go.
Which should it be /biz/?
move crypto to btc and forget about it
obviously the gymyou dont need to be fit or good looking if youre rich
keep doing all of them.
be a fucking man anon.
do it for your future desu.
Obviously COLLEGE.
The only thing that gives you no gains.
Fuck College
jobjobjobtake a loan like normal people, atleast while doing college
Depends on what you study.You'll make about the same holding than trading.So most likely crypto.
Unless your job is bad.,
Get a girlfriend and you can pretty much forget the lot.
or be better than normal people, take your free loan money, keep your job, throw it in a TFSA for 4 years, keep trading crypto and keep your college shit so you're rich in 4 years while everyone else is fucking broke and needs to pay debts
This.
you dont need it where we're goingjust read books and use free online resources for subjects you like
You'll make about the same holding than trading.bullshit.
if btc goes down 1k and goes back up 1k within the hour and youre there to seize the opportunity, you make an extra 1k than the cuck who decided to not do shit and sell at peak.
Going to the gym isn't required to stay in good shape.
It will also be $30 more a month you can invest in $NULS
 throw it in crypto for 4 years, stop trading crypto and keep your college shit so you're rich in 4 years while everyone else is fucking broke and needs to pay debtsFTFY
I would say job or college, depending on the job and what you're studying.If you need the money from your job then there's no choice really.
In that case if you're also non-STEM switch to EE or CS.>quitting the gymYour body is the most valuable thing you have besides your time.
And if you don't take care of your body you'll lose lifespan and energy.>quitting cryptoHave fun being left behind, faggot.
thinks being /fit/ is just to get girlsdumbass, never gonna make it
4255677I agree, fuck college.
It's boring as fuck and everything I need to learn can be looked up online anyways.
I'm just taking core classes at a community college atm.
The plan was to finish up those at a community college and then transfer to a university but idk anymore.
Was gonna get a STEM degree btw.4255801I work at a supermarket, only reason I have it is because I put the income into crypto.
Without it I'd be broke as fuark.
work at a supermarketrofl