Get in before it hits $50, boys.
>he thinks buy walls are bullish
I am in, I'm all in
More like "manipulated by one person" AF.
Huge demand, little sell off.
Looks about right
Is that buy wall from the NEO Gold guys who just scammed everyone?
Is NEO the next to scam?
F A K E W A L L S
what is NEO price end of today, i predict NEO is 50 $ end of saturdayweekend has just started, majority of investors just read the good news, and more and more buyers comemaybe NEO hit $ 60 - 70 this weekend
do you think NEO seems off?
doesn't sit right with me.
i just bought $100 of NEO but will sell it in probably 5 hours.
giving me p&d or scam vibes.
Lol.
Doesn't look like a pnd at all.Super stable for several long hours.
$100 of NEOAHAHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHA I PISS $100 dollars.
This is crypto boy, my smallest investments are 15k.
Yeah it's a $122,812,620 pump and dump you fucking retard.
bragging about having money Ugh, get some class
$100 damn daniel I hope the exchange can handle an order that large poor ass faggot pajeet
already over 42 dollarvery good chance NEO will hit alltime ATH this weekend, so many good news
I STARTED YESTERDAY AND IM GOING TO THE FUCKING MOON
if you say a massive buy wall you know who to holla at
imagine typing that... haha what a faggot.
welp, it's fucking happening isn't it.
Just converted most of my portfolio over to Neo/Gas at 480k sats, this is actually going to give me a heart attack isn't it
4426662It feels so good though and I love saying it.
Anything under 5k I PISS.
ETH hasn't even dropped yet.
after all of these months of trading im back to the 500 antshares I had 6 months ago.
I hope this shit hits 100 billion now
I'm even more worried about my scam call now with  's replies.
Why so defensive about what I said?
I only have $100.
I sure shook you over something so little.
Are you one of the guys behind it?
LMAO same here bro' I had around 190 ANS around this summer now I bought them back
Send me piss to my wallet then faggot
Kind rich anon please help a poorfag out, I'm also just starting.1LmjiYykQAW4gqFHRcbavTrjJR7mvryf8L
like it feels like fomo right now but the marketcap is only 2.5b and if these rumours are true it should go to at least 25b if not anything up to 250b
and if the rumours were constructed because the coin is a scam and it's about to drop completely in value?
I think we will be cruising until Monday morning when everybody opens their eyes and see its a fucking pnd, bht meh made me some good money by then
That 113 btc wall just got obliterated.
It's fucking on boys
This this so fucking much
50 $ here we come
WE BROKE 43
I want to kiss all of you guys while you call me a faggot.Iits my 3 day trading and i am making 300 usd
!
4426642why all these dudes with bad english praising NEO so hard?
shh anon, dump before monday
It is an international board you dipshit.
:)
Hmmm... Chinese coin and heavy shilling by people with bad english..I wonder if this could be (((related)))
Lol, dont buy i dont give a fuck I am just happy with my gains
Except the fact we haven't seen fucking broken English people in a while though.I mean seriously you expect these things to go unnoticed after being fucking 5 years on this board.
But then again it's probably just regular English speaking people pretending to be broken English Chinese since I used to do it to.
English is not my mother tongue...pendejo
This is a Chinese coin and it's daytime in China.
What do you think, you fucking moron?
People don't use lol or emoticons on 4chan either if you haven't noticed.Whoops kept that a secret since 2015
Don't embarrass yourself kid
I'm planning to, lol.
At least if it all goes well after Monday I can just re-buy.
what is your problem?my country language is not english, thats why its not perfect
Im already all in since 30$.
I have been waiting for this pump since fucking 2 months.
criticising bad english on a mongolian-japanese rice noodle image boardWew
lol
Fucking newfag
lol xD
look at these wonderfull bags
If you didn't buy NEO when it was ANS at 5 dollars I can't help you
HAHAHA ITS GOING TO $100 END OF THIS MONTH YOU FAGGOTS AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH STAY POOR NONEO"S AHAHAHAHAHAHHA
youre right i didnt buy it and in fact i dont hold any NEO and i have my reasons for itwho the fuck thought the ANS name and logo was acceptable holy shitlooked like some icon for a pokemon
some 1 is so angry they don't have any neolmao you're going to be crying in 2018 when NEO blows the fuck up
Didn't you put all of that into Link at 0.40c?
NEO is nothing more then bitcoincash is to bitcoin.
Do you think NEO will be the official reserve currency for chinese exchanges and platform for icos?If you think that, price will be in the thousands next year, if not it will stay under 50
Don’t FOMO unless you want to go insane.
Correction first
STAY POOR FAGGOT
obliterated>not removed
STRONGER THAN BEFORE
NANI?!
IS IT GOING FOR 45?
wut does this even meanyou're saying its different and in some ways better... than ETH?fuck it.
i giv eup
Bitcoin Cash was just a 8 Billion dollar pump and dump you fucking retard
ETH = Solidity <-- dumb niche languageNEO = C,C++,Javascript,Python, etc.
these buy orderes are getting eaten aliveThis train won't stop before $60.
he thinks green texting and laughingwhores.jpg make him right
It could reach $50 without even moving thanks to Bitcoin alone.Stop measuring alts in USD you stupid fucks.
You mean sell orders.
OKITS GOING TO BREAK 0.006!
When BTC moved up NEO tanked, though.
I have been bagholding since August so I know.
^if btc moves up rapidly you're an idiot not to sell and rebuy
Just shut the fuck up.
No matter what I do you will tell me Im an idiot.>selling for a loss your an idiot its the worst move haha only a retard would do that>not selling and just rebuying later haha only a retard would do that>[some other action] haha retardSometimes you fuckers just need to shut up.
sold all my LINK bags for this just went all in at 45.9$ gl life
dude is idiot
the rumors are the scam not the coin, chinks are preying on western stupidity and it's literally fucking working
Mistake to sell LINK buddy, but you will still do okay on NEO.
Buy back into LINK or you will FOMO buy it later.
AKQYtRrpMBt6iTdrMiqeBrMkN6RYTexwXifuuck gotta hurry
hype?google onchain Da Hongfei advising gov during ICO banPBOC meetingmeeting at federal reserveu stay poor
Going back all in on LINK hopefully i dont get JUSTED
welp 60k sats
Guys I think somebody just REMOVED ALL THE BREAKS ON THE GAINS TRAIN
c u on jupiter
where is he.
where is that fucking lazytown poster.
i want a written apology from everyone who doubted.
100 by december
god damn you.. drop below 580 and then rise
about to consolidate at .006 jump in before the next level up
hmmmmm....
meme lines make it official
>buy last night at 550>sell at 500 before bed>wake up just now see it pushing 600k>fomo buy back in 610am i goingo to make it guys
quad 8s make it unstoppable
jizzinmypants
always learn from your mistakes and you'll make it, i fucked up like that and lost a ton of NEO in the previous pumps but i gained a world of knowledge and now am grateful that i did those bad trades and learned
Can someone decipher that image for me?
So should I hold?It's always fun watching pumps like this with insane volume, where 20 BTC walls get eaten back to back to back like it's nothing, when on any other coin it's a death sentence that would crash the price 40%.
Im watching ETP, it looks like its mooning.
Buy?
Thats exactly why I'm nervous about it
BHSL you've got the /biz/ mentality down
as long as there is multiple 100 BTC buy orders lurking in the books (there was 2 not too long ago around 570 before this last run up) and it still looks like a clear uptrend then i'm staying in.if it breaks down out of the uptrend, i will wait until the bounce after the first low correction and sell then buy all the way back down to accumulate more than i had
I went all into Adex.
Going to give this "Buy low sell high" method a shot.
went all in on link at 0.49 and sold now at 0.15 to go all in on NEO at 47$ how fucked am I guys I just want a lambo i'm tired of being poor
we should be friends, literally same herei'm just dong this to hopefully ride a 2x pump or even .5x pump to accumulate more link
I just panic sold my 160 Neo and bought back 153.5 arhhhhhhhhhhhhhhgggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh back to pol fuck you jew chinese faggots ill just hold bitcoin
4428934
Very larp, much pajeet
What the fuck are you doing selling atl and buying ath?
Is everyone on biz a fucking brainlet?
I remember when I chased pumps, lost so much DGB.
Is everyone on biz a fucking brainlet?he went all on link, what do you think?
Think this pump is running out of steam.
It'll still go further later on but for now I think we're gonna stagnate around 590 or so for a few hours
Well, it cant go up all the time
Yeah made a few pushes at 610 but too much selling pressure.I got out at 606 and will try to back in around 580.
YOU GUYS ARE GONNA FOMO BUY BACK AT $50 SCREENCAP THIS IM BACK IN 5 HOURS TO RUB IT IN YOUR FACES HGAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA
I also thought so when NEO went to 20 beginning of August and burned myself.
Just keep in mindto keep your greed in check.
ill rape your face faggot be quite
That wall is fake as fuck.
bought at 30 and sold at 40, no ragrets.
yall too greedy
i bet your fun at parties.
Sold at 38.
Put all of my money into link
your
ok just in case you weren't here for when neo went from 9 to 55.day 1. it hit 20. biz sold because the pump was overday 2. it hits 30. biz fomo buys back in with less neo than before.day 3. it hits 40. biz sells because it's definitely the end of the pumpday 4. it hits 50. biz fomo buys back in and hodls all the way down to $16, and here we are now.
moral of the story is it doesnt really matter what you do as long as you're in
IN.
IN.
IN.
IN.
Luckily I was watching the chart like a hawk and got in at 606

go back down you faggot, i was trying to accumulate.
How about you develop a mind of your own that can take decisions other than breathing shitting and eating which are 99% automated anyway.
Good for you anon.
I just wanted to check in on you and ask if you bought back in.
I got in at 608 and sold at 602 immediately :///
Damn i think i bought your coins now i want this to hit 70 to be happy with myself
this is just trolling right?
nobody is this retarded right?
4429640Upps was ment the other post
wut
If that isn't the weakest set of hand this side of the Mississippi.What a cuck.Buy back at 63 now
I am off this wave.
Locked in 6k profit.
My gut is telling me this might go to more than .70
I SOLD AT 600 AND BOUGHT BACK IN AT 630AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
44296744429666Dont trade in your bed immediately after waking up...
lol same, but rather bought in at 624, im not very good at this.
Don't beat yourself up too much especially if you are just startingI made a bunch of dumb decisions and slowly got better at this kind of stuff
Well I did tell you.
Just keep your investment.This isnt going to stop before monday.
Dont get greedy with day trading except if your really good at it.Tomorrow you can think about exiting but today, keep seated.
I'VE BEEN IN CRYPTO FOR 6 MONTHSI JUST KEEP GETTING DUMBER AND BUMER
Kekd, saved
Ok.
I just closed the window, all in at 630.
Fuck I hate myself, I sold at 500 last night.
God I am so fucking stupid.
Please keep going up.
this is like Ethereum bull run100 $ NEO is around corner, and its just beginning
Bought Neo at 100% of my portfolio at 850k at 40 something dollars back during the initial pump, iron hands have held fast as I saw my money disappearing, finally my bags no longer weight me down!
I will make it!
Depends what timezone you wake up in.But yeah.
Do your morning routine first:1.Fap2.Read some religious text based on your faith3.Get up and drink half a life mixed with apple cider vinegar and some water4.15 min exercise5.
shower6.get comfy7.trade.
don't get shook here if you're reading this btwwe'll be above 640 within an hour and a half
Where is this...?
I've made worse decisions trading before bed than just getting upI made it a rule to finalize all my trades before 7 pm my time (GMT -6) and no more trading after that
JUST BOUGHT 150 at 0.006 AND IMMEDIATELY GAVE MY PRIVATE KEY TO A PAJEET HACKER AND LOST EVERYTHING AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Almost 74 million dollars in volumeSo fuckin EXCITE!
Just sold at the top.
The dump is on.
You both sound like kids.No one is pumping and dumping NEO.
It's too big to be manipulated by lonely nerds.And the other guy is just being an immature dick.
I have $300 in btc should i buy more neo or keep it in btc ?
too late to get in?
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Just sold.
Lock in profits now Boyis.
Yeah, I have a similar rule for myself.
No buy ins between 0 and 8 in my timezone.I once bought NMR at the top because I was literally 90% asleep.
4429927these 2 are going to be posting pink wojaks in 45 minutes

Stop, faggot.
Just stop.
Liquidate your holdings and go get a real job.
You aren’t funny.
NEO ath was well over 1.1 million sats, so NEO is still relative cheapremember case Ethereum bullrun
core position>add on dips>iron handsFuck dude.
Stop being a weak faggot
I just started trading I have been waking up at 4 am to check charts and shit, I am getting addicted.I guess is good as long as I dont go full FOMO
Oh shit.
Looked at Tand A.
Buying back in a hurry.
just woke up.
That was dumb.
what we thinking this will go to in the next 24 hours?
> lmao some guy panic dumped
Convince me, and I will buy back too.
New at this.
It scared me:(
I think we can go up more now.
Maybe the guy who just dumped formed a major part of the current resistance.
Scared me too.
But I just looked at technicals and bought back.
i'm in at 6.3how fucked am i?
I'm out, I took my profit I don't wanna get too greedy and lose everything again.
4429927
Im going back in for more runup.
it will hit that again in the next 30 minutes, your good.
Could be worseI bought at 53 yesterday (ATH?)
and sold at 49 because I thought it would only keep dropping
Can Confirm.
remember when NEO was 800 k sats, and that was correction
Aaaand up we go.
There was a Chinese guy who owed my business $600, his CC kept declining.
We kept asking for new payment each day but he would say he's in the field or busy etc etc.
Finally we had enough after each month I kept seeing his account in the past due pile and we never were paid, he was called and left a voicemail that we were filing a complaint with the registrar of contractors against his license number.
He called us and flipped out and said "ARE YOU KIDDING ME I WRITE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLAR CHECKS $600 IS NOTHING WHY ARE YOU MAKING A FUSS.
"We filed the complaint.
Later that month we got payment in the form of three money order checks from a local gas station in odd amounts totaling up to the even $600 over 30 days time.Sounds a lot like you.
Just saying.
It's always the loudest ones.
Im new, but dont we have 3 or 4 more 30 min candles while the whales accumulate before the next big push?
Just looking at the chart and using abstract reaoning/ pattern recognition.
We have an Autistic Savant in our midst.
so tell us, MENSA, your new, where do (you) see this going before a big sell off?
and change.
I just tried to daytrade and lost some, so I will just stay in until then.
We have 3 or 4 more of those because that s when the Chinese will be up and pumping or dumping.
If I were Chinese is wake up happy and dump.
Then we can pump again
 doesn't mean anything to me.
tfw to intelligent to reply to the right post
$128.
What will make this time different?
Just looking at the chart and using abstract reaoning/ pattern recognition.Anon that doesnt work on crypto.
The times it ""worked"" are just coincidental or because every possible outcome has been claimed using some meme triangle patterns.TA in crypto is literally people believing in medieval magic.
what caused it to rise to that last time?
Pls no bully.
I play music well, and am very good at Sub Atomic Ohysics and Quantum Mechanics, but I do not interact well Socially.
They all know I am "different" Mom says I make them nervous.
Holy Shit.
Nailed it.
Autistic Savant.
This is going to "$128", Boyos.
Reading your posts makes me pretty uncomfortable, if that's what you mean.Nice IDand I don't know
IMO we'll see around $73 before Monday news
Can we hear anything you play?Also: Do you know any smart women in your surroundings?
Mom is as intellectual as I am, but she hides it.
She says it is dangerous to be too smart.
There are bad people who want you to be smart for them.
the rebrand
>sell all my link>FOMO in>it immediately drops 5$sorry guys it's my fault, you better sell now
>tfw still stuck with these 630 bagsYOU SAID IT WOULD RECOVER IN 30 MINUTES BUT IT'S JUST WENT EVEN LOWERI'M DUMPINGFUCK
This is true, but I said please dont bully.
Jesus christ stay calm.
it will bounce back at around 58then we go to 70maybe you should all go mine wow gold or something.
4430415>tfw this is me right nowEveryone should just do the opposite of what I do.
I should charge for this
Isnt this a lie to drive the price down so he can buy back?
buy the dip!
it's not gonna last long!
We don't generally call people liars to their face, even when we know they are, Savant.
you're autistic, you can't understand the motivations of others so just stop it
Its gonna dump when china wakes up
so many smart dumb fucks in here!
how can i rent one of you retarded neets or savants for a week?
i 'm willing to pay you in NEO or BTC or get you laid ....seriously$$$
I BOOOOOOOOUUUUUUGHHHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTTTAAAAAAATTTTTTTT.004BUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT IIIIIITTSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOIIIIIIINNNGGGGGGG DDDDDDDDDOOOOOOOWWWWWWWNNNNNNNN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
I placed a Stop at 40$ just so I dont get totally butt fucked
What kind of suicidal nutcase would buy at this price lmao.
it's crashing sell!!!!
Mom said there were a lot of people like you out there.
So, I see all of this"its crashing sell" is lies to get nee oeoole to panick sell so older more exoerienced traders can biy back cheaoer before the next run up?
ye no shit rsi off the charts
Holy shit Savant, are you having a stroke?
fuck your bragging
I sold at 6k2 and re bought at 6kSee you at 8k
DUMP IT
IT'S CRASHING SELL NOW
Deluded.This kind of "good news in x days pump" is always risky, you need to get in at the very start.
Seems like you did so you should take your profits and be happy.
youve got to be a pajeet,typical smug curry munching motherfucker.
Fuck off.
There's bound to be small dips as it keeps going up.
This.Those fucking retards think it'll just go forever.
4430613You faggots should just quit this shit altogether
I know but I wanted to increase my stack morebought back @ 573
Savant-kun is surprisingly perceptive.
My mind thinks in numbers.Mom says It is the language of Angels.
When I look at the keyboard I see numbers.
It makes Astrophysics very easy, but language hard.
SavantI feel like you're the kind of guy that was often called a faggot in high school, yet could never quite figure out why.
More like buy the dip.
Price action suggests another wave before selling the bs news.
You idiots, don't panic sell
Ok havent your LARPed enough?
$60 in 2 days
guys, this is not ordinary news.
life changing.
there is two announcements , you missing second one chinke ICO ban lift off coming on early next week as well, this pump wont stop until mid next week.
its been slightly dipping all day.
all these weak knee's getting sweaty palms.
kek, you're alright
Ehy do they say "its crashing sell" when it is obviously going to $128.
Why do so many lie.
It is not right.
I do not like oeoole.
SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL
The news won't be good enough to justify a 100% price increase.
It will dump.
You must be new to /biz/ because this has happened many times in the past 3 months alone.
High school?
They sent me to a special government school where I did things I did not want to.
this is a very very big dip and it's not showing any signs of slowing down.looks like I bought in at ATH like a retard again.
I'll just cut my losses now
did you really just compare 8m to 122mFucking kek
Savant is pretty sharp.
If it was really crashing, these tards would dump and leave.
lol
Also, it amazes me that people are retarded enough to think that china will lift the ICO ban while exchanges are still banned.
MAKE IT FUCKING STOP RIGHT FUCKING NOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWTHIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE MY TURN

buy high sell low>rebuy even higer on fomo>sell low againthe true /biz/ way
Instead, they stay around and try to incite more panic so they can buy back cheaper for the next run up.
lol
at 5500 support!
arghhhhh
MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP MAKE IT GO BACK UP RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
WE ARE THE NEO MARINES AND WE WILL NOT SELL
it will go up in a few minutes
>people falling for stupid coordinated whale attacksguys......
Calm down, faggots
Went away for 20min, neo drops with me having a buy order in.. makes me want to punch something
It will go up again, those faggots who panic sold should fucking kill themselves now.
THE WHALES HAVE LEFT THE BUILDINGI REPEATTHE WHALES HAVE THE LEFT THE BUILDINGAAAAAAAHHHHHH
Buy the dip while it lasts.
its already going up backsee, now you've lost many in exchange fee's
the FUCKING MOMENT I sell it pumps back up
I hope you faggots bought the dip.
Told you.
lol.
Look at them buy back.
No more panic.
They got what they wanted.
lol.
So many idiots selling this for a simple 10% gain, I hate sharing the market with retards who don't get the bigger picture.
And bots
fucking kek
I did, just the wrong onet.620k temporary bagholder

WOW YOU FUCKING CRACKED THE CODEthe six or so panicky pink wojak posters in this thread are actually influencing millions of dollars of capital to manipulate the market
lmao this is literally megod please just pump back to 6.3 one more time so i can unload these bags even
Not going anywhere, will stabilise 50k
>tfw comfortably hodling my NEO while watching order books, lurking /biz/ and eating some nice rice n chicken all the while people are getting JUSTed trying to daytrade You guys crack me up keep the pink wojacks coming
How does it feel to be manipulated like a fucking doll?
lmao this is literally megod please just pump back to 6.3 one more time so i can unload these bags eveni mean there are worse bags to be holding as i'll generate gas at least and this will pump back to 1 mill at some point in our lifetime but i might miss out on the link pump i sold to try and get a quick 50% to buy more link

Now we go to 70 , weak hands...
Spot on, Lad.
I do it myself on BTC.
you are all Cattle.
All it takes is one lightning strike in the distance, and you all stampede.
The truth hurts, so (you) deny it.
smart, it's already going down after the dead cat bounceenjoy your bags neocuck
sell, wait for it to dump a bit, and buy back?
No need to be salty.
guy who sold at a yuge loss is acting smug
Chinamen are sleeping, pump over for now, let tommorow commence
Chinamen are smart.
They know how to control population overgrowth.
$50 within 6 hours, $60-65 within 24 hours
I REFUSE TO SELL UNTIL NEO IS $100 PERI WONT DO IT I WONT DO IT I WONT DOOOO IIIIIIITT
Her it comes again.
Kiddies.
BTC HERE TO RUIN YOUR DAY AGAIN
Welp, not sure how I managed, but I actually just sold at a 10% loss.
I really do want to die.
BTC wont stop this incoming buywall.
Enjoy HAHAHAHAHAHA
Every fucking time
lol.
Weakhands.
Screencapped and added to my collection.
what is the transaction fee?
how do I calculate this?
Realisticly, sell at decent profit now, or hope long term pays off?
No shame in taking profits.
You can always buy another dip
Are you really going to panic sell because some trash with low buy orders is telling you to?
how do I calculate this?by going to school
Only bought 1 Neo but am at 55%+ so I guess I'm gonna hold as I can't lose much :) (poorfag 80% in btc)
This.
too poor to go to school.
AAAAAAAAAAARGH ITS GOING DOWN SELL BEFORE YOU CRASH!!
lol.
lol dead cat bounce just as I said30$ by tomorrow
YOU TOLD ME IT WAS CRASHINING AND I SOLD AT A 12 % LOSS AND NOW IT IS BACK UP 5% AND CLIMBING FAGGOTS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaa
just as I said>it's on the way back to 6k?????
coping
FAGGOT LYING COCK SUCKER YOU LOST ME MONEY FUCK OFF.
That was your own fault for listening to fudsters though.
Don't sell retards, just forget about it and come back sunday night
Don't let it go you cuntsNeo will go rocket hard like ethereum
4431499you know this is exactly what BCH retards said word for word before it dropped 80% right?
If you didn't buy ANS at 59 cents I can't help you.
Believing that words on a mongolian rice-noodle board has any meaning on price
It's going back up faggot.
You can stop now.
It's obvious now.
all your faggot buddies bought back in.
After they made everyone else sell.
They have major impact.
Crypto traders are Cattle.
The pink wojack posters are the Drovers on Horseback, Dumbfuck.
comparing BCH's bull run to NEO's
Not even advocating a long hold, but it's obvious this is gonna rise until the news come out.
Dumping before is stupid.
If you're comparing Neo to BCH you should see a shrink.
Fuck off Pajeet daytrader.
You scam people out of money daily.
This has one direction.
Up.
just like The Savant said.
$128

Karma's a bitch faggot.
Enjoy your gains while you can.
Out.
I was right.
You were lying.
And now you are abusing someone you stole from.
One day you will meet Sling Blade.
i can see it

 for creativity LOL
Oh shit I see instant snek moon incoming