How long before Jihan finally loses it?
like a boss
he's the bored Grand Master, completely disgusted at the fact that no worthy challengers can defeat him in his mastery over the Bitcoin game.also, those two chinks to his right look like twins, but zoom out and all 6 of these bugmen look the same.What does it say about Bitcoin and its valuation if it can be completely manhandled and controlled by a few influential miners.
bugmenwhat did he mean by this
if I was a girl I'd straddle him and powerfuck him hard.
what a mastermind.Hello I am Jihan.
Let me tell you my story, friends.
Gather around the fire.>be me, master schemer, maxed out at cunning since birth>conspire with other big dick miner and pool oligarchs for concerted action>make them pretend to be on board with seg2x, then have them pull the rug out from under it right before the day of action>wait till the difficulty adjustment for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>accumulate more over months, leading to the 300-600 rise.>day of action>use rest of BTC to pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>cause cautious people to become afraid and sell their BTC for USD or ETH>cause opportunists to go hard into BCH>watch total uncomfirmed transactions on the BTC blockchain rise to a high level>when BCH has reached a high price and the market fears a flippening and is already in flight from BTC and my own BTC stores are low, take the ladder out from under BTC by putting all hash power on mining BCH so BTC networks stalls completely as if the massive transaction queue isn't already enough>cause flippening for real>make out of this with more than 14X gains on average because I also had those mining gains from back then and now they are twentyfold valuable.>spin it all as being political and because BCH is the best bitcoinBiggest heist of all time.
Brilliant, genius.
I am best.
he's going to lose everything soon all right
When Mark Karpeles gets the $800,000,000 worth of bitcoin, hes going to team up with Roger Ver and Jihan and shits really going to hit the fan.
They're all going to be on a war parth with the way the cryptocurrency community at large has treated them.
look up any image of china's cities, or HK, and you will see termite spires made of concrete, steel, soulless, hollow, begging for destruction.
Dude looks grumpy as fuck.
>fuck your mother if you want fuck.https://twitter.com/jihanwu/status/731902686379933697?lang=en
yep, for weeks Bcash was quiet and now we can all sense, with clear confirmation, that some weird shit is going to happen.
the bickering between charlie lee and roger ver on twatter is just the public tip of things.
bitcoin is too fragile and centrally controlled by miners.
it's not truly decentralized.
any fiat price above $5000 is excessive.
but of course people will say "you're wrong!
it's clearly holding above $7K!
it will go to $10K then $100K then..etc.
etc.
"to each their own.
i'm done arguing on /biz/
Are you saying these grubby fucks are going to try to make BCH the real BTC, despite owning a shitload of BTC?
Those are some sick shoes he's got on.
He for real looks like he's not to be fucked with.
Despite Jihan being a manlet and me, a 6ft 2 185 lb white guy, I admit, I am slightly intimidated by him.
Where do you think the 300-600 rise over the last month came from?
Don't you know they mined the shit out of BCH when BCH was emergency very low difficulty adjusted after it was forked from BTC?Let me educate you with this pasta that will tell you where their BTC went/is going.Hello I am Jihan.
Let me tell you my story, friends.
Gather around the fire.>be me, master schemer, maxed out at cunning since birth>conspire with other big dick miner and pool oligarchs for concerted action>make them pretend to be on board with seg2x, then have them pull the rug out from under it right before the day of action>wait till the difficulty adjustment for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>accumulate more over months, leading to the 300-600 rise.>day of action>use rest of BTC to pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>cause cautious people to become afraid and sell their BTC for USD or ETH>cause opportunists to go hard into BCH>watch total uncomfirmed transactions on the BTC blockchain rise to a high level>when BCH has reached a high price and the market fears a flippening and is already in flight from BTC and my own BTC stores are low, take the ladder out from under BTC by putting all hash power on mining BCH so BTC networks stalls completely as if the massive transaction queue isn't already enough>cause flippening for real>make out of this with more than 14X gains on average because I also had those mining gains from back then and now they are twentyfold valuable.>spin it all as being political and because BCH is the best bitcoinBiggest heist of all time.
Brilliant, genius.
I am best.
no, i'm saying they've got enough concentrated power to move markets in their favor.
i've been saying this shit for weeks now but people just say it's obvious that whales control the market.
yes it is obvious, but specifically, we have to pay attention to what they are pumping and dumping.when they fuck shit up for BTC they are scooping more of it up at a lower price.
and when BCH is just quietly sitting at a low, with little volume, and no one paying attention to it, they are accumulating.
it's so obvious i sound like a fucking retard typing this shit out.
so they ping-pong value between various coins but because they control the market, they know when something is at the low and when soemthing is at the high.the rest of us dumbfucks are just playing a guessing game, and then there are a few smart /biz/ and TApros who can spot the trends and pivot points early.i don't think BCH is the "real BTC" but it could sap a lot of fiat value away from BTC if BTC network keeps stalling and making people lose confidence in it.
anytime BTC slows down to a crawl and there's rumors of shit like BCH gaining popularity, then BTC price goes down.
This is probably pretty close to the truth.
My only concern would be—what happens when Coinbase BCH floods the market?
Also, muh CME futures.
Makes sense.
Why try to kill one chain when you can control both forever.
I think it will be over by then.
the amount of BCH on coinbase compared to the amount circulating major markets is literally nothing.
let them sell their shekels.
What stops them from playing this game in perpetuity?
he can play both sides and keep increasing his stack in each, but since the whole system is so fragile, it could break down due to some unknown blackswan
I mean over as in the flippening is already a success before CoinBase gives users access to their BCH.
Lol man the bugmen do look alike
What Jihan the chinaman mastermind is trying to do is to hype up bcash as bcash being the bitcoin for daily transactions and bitcoin being a store of value.
This is the ultimate winning strategy for him and miners.
He couldn't give two shit if btc goes to 100k, he would actually love it since he has plenty.
What he wants is more daily transactions using bcash than btc because guess what, he has the mining monopoly.If you cannot clearly see this you need to think about it, fuck your mother if you want fuck.
people in checkered shirt always know what they do
When coinbase lists BCH it will legitimize it further and it will moon
hype up bcash as bcash being the bitcoin for daily transactionswhy would we need $1k coin with all that drama and manipulation for daily transactions?we already have litecoin and it does everything better then bch
segwit
do you even understand that people have to buy bch to make it valuable.
If bch is shit as you seem to believe Jihan will be the biggest bag holder in history
yeah i already said thatdoes everything better then bch
Very simple, yet very rite
ThisHe's advertising BCash as the coin to use to use for everyday transactions because he knows that if it ends up being used more regularly than BTC, it will completely replace BTC since the whole thing that was supposed to give BTC value was a decentralize means to perform everyday transactions.
The whole digital gold thing is such a meme.
A crypto that can actually be functional for small fast transactions is the best of both worlds, it's not like you can't just "hodl" BCH as well.
there are billion cryptos better than btc or bch for that tho.if bch is so preferred why didnt it flip in aug/sep?