As someone that almost bought ChainLink, because of all the shilling and 'technology', I still don't understand how can you bagholders cry about it not mooning yet.If you look at the charts of top 10 names on Coinmarketcap, you'd see all of them needed 2-3 years+ to go from literary 50c or a 1$ to where they are now.
How retarded are you guys to have hopes that this will moon in next week or month.. and that Sergey will magically come with some breakthrough news next week, while everything has been quite since SIBOS.
It is also not unique, has far greater competition, with far greater teams and the math just doesn't checks out (I can go into this if somebody wants), it0s just extremely overvalued.If someone thinks I'm wrong, please enlighten me, because I was very close to buying it and falling into FOMO stage of emotions, instead of researching and using reason of my own.Please don't use your meme magic as proof of arguments against me, I really would like an un-biased opinion on this.
fuck off yo dumb cunt.
stay poor faggotLINK number one
We don't care.
DYOR
Best un-biased answer
Please don't use your meme magic as proof of argumentsWell if you don't even believe, what the fuck are you doing here?
You are damn right anon.
No businesses use blockchain at this moment, so where is the use case for oracles?I belive this could be a multibillion crypto, but it will take a few years.
People don't do their own research and follow theth shills.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Is this your argument as a bagholder and are just mad, because you lost money?
I'm not trying to shit on you, but please enlighten me why I'm a dumb cunt and you are not?You are attacking me with your emotions instead of reason, which means you are as smart as 14 year old school girl, unable to comprehend being told she is fat and therefore cries instead of find solutions.
human sacrifice to KekHe's not Moloch.
Why are you trying to have a serious discussion on 4chan?
4412982Did any of you read what I just wrote?
Are you really too retarded to answer me in reasonable manner?
It's just one of the sites where I can gather my opinion on this particular matter.
Don't worry, I ask the same on other sites also, but more people = more opinions = more information to learn and make further opinion.
this
fpbp
ok mr. genius.
go into the math please, like you said you would.
show us how the math "doesn't checks out"
4413066So is this how you debate in real life over opinions?
You throw out your feelings and look like a retard, because you can't hold up a smart discussion with arguments and facts?Just imagine for a moment someone asking you this in real life and how stupid you would look with answering the same you do on internet.
comparing 2014 marketcap to 2018 marketcapkek
I could have a smart discussion with you, but are you worth it?Show us your maths.
That will tell me if you are worth it or not.
Prove that the maths "doesn't checks out".
Kek hates moloch you fool.
and the math just doesn't checks out (I can go into this if somebody wants)humor us
In the whitepaper it is stated by developers that the chainlinks value comes from people purchasing it for transaction fees for the future.
Now compare that to Mastercard, one of the biggest names in the bussines of transaction fees.
Divide that with the ratio that will actually use smart contracts, then divide that number by the ratio THAT YOU THINK transaction fees will be divided between who is actually processing transactions and who is processing the API request, the off-chain API request.
Because all that oracle does is checks the off-chain digital data.
And how much will or does that cost?
Less than a cent, and't thats how much will CHAINLINK get as far as profit, so look at this as an evaluation.
You didn't even include the amount that banks pay for these API calls every day.
Try harder faggot
Token price will be valued by supply and demand, this doesn't rely on actual rational numbers.
Look at XRP for example, I've never heard anyone go in depth about the actual purpose of that token.
Ripple is doing fantastic, but XRP has literally ZERO purpose, yet the marketcap reached exorbitant highs.
4413008>ignores my answerHe's just trying to spread discord, an anti LINK troll.
Just ignore the poor bastard.
FPBP
guy has a legit pointthis thread just proves how stupid linkies aregiven it makes up most of /biz/raelis portfolio my deepest wish is this project to crash and burn
Swift alone is trading 12trillion worth of dollars in transactions between their network of banks every single day.take 0.001% of that and you still have a ridiculous evaluation of the price of link.Bare in mind this is just ONE use case for link and ONE partner that we know of.
To say that the technology link brings is worth cents is pretty fucking stupid dude, no matter how annoying the linkies are.
fpbp
Thanks, didn't knew about that.
An actual answer I can learn from, who would of thought!
So how much do banks pay for these API calls everyday, because I can't find this on Google search.Also makes sense, but the company itself gets value from XRP price.
So XRP is pretty much wha t pays the people in company and makes it run and sustain further development, what is pretty much what every company does with money.
While the Network is being used for free, XRP is what keeps the company going on.
The fudding is fucking INSANE today, made a positive comment on LINK in a thread earlier today and got like five "you're a deluded poorfag etc" comments in a few minutes.
Why are people so devoted to fudding today?
I know they're just trying to stack up on extra cheap link but do they really believe a few weak handed bizboys will affect the market price that much?
SIGMAR FORBIDS THIS
Sorry, I was answering others.
Of course blockchain technology is being used in real world and it started what, 2-3 years ago?
ETH came out in mid 2015 and need 1.5 years to go from initial 3$, down to 60c, up to 10$.
But as I've said, if you look at all the top 10 currencies, they all needed about 2 years to actually moon from their initial pennies.
The other thing is, Link has 1bn TOTAL supply (which is A LOT), while others that are worth anything about 15m - 100m.
Look at Ripple, IOTA, NEM, they all have billions of supply, yet are worth less than 1$.
Banks make millions of API calls a day, costs per API call vary from a few cents to 25c
It is also not unique,Wrong>has far greater competition, Wrong>with far greater teamsWrong> and the math just doesn't checks out (I can go into this if somebody wants),Go for it, indulge us.
>it0s just extremely overvalued.Wrong
guys that dont like chainlink are even dumper that the guys that like itim comfy with my stack thenresearch api market in general, it's fucking huge, if we want to actually apply our super amazing blockchain technology for everyday uses, we need apisbut then again, once we combine one API, our trustless thingie goes to shit - so how do we make our sources trustless?that's chainlink
Price is low they want it lower.
but the company itself gets value from XRP price.You could say the same about LINK...The majority of tokens is still held by the devs.
Yes, but they get paid by fees.
I don't know what their net profit per year is from organization, but they aren't making 12 trillion dollars.
Again, tried to find out their clean profit per year, but don't know where to look, so I can make further opinion on this.
Wow you’re fucking retarded.
XRPs market cap is where it is because it is being used everyday.
Ripple has a portalON THEIR site with very detailed stats on what, where and how XRP is being used and moved around every second of the fucking day.You guys that spit out this regurgitated bullshit you don’t even verify for yourselves are fucking hilarious.
Actually do some research for once faggot.
muh more coins means they are worth less>implying people only ever hold no more than 1 of any token at any time
research on transfer fees thenthere are usually few middlemen
Taiwan numba 1
I'm uncertain if Link possess the team to deliver.
https://pastebin.com/6xcsc2jRThe best FUD in this thread says link will "only go to $1" at best, anyone with a brain can see through the coordinated fud and fomo.
These little discord fags are sitting around accumulating, well guess what?I'm not fucking selling!
my meme magic proves that your arguments are invalid
Where did you get that price from?
Give me source, please.It's not.
Look at Ripple, Neo, even Arc.. All do almost the same.
Their teams are also far greater and they actually have functioning market and service.
I did the math up there, but did not include API price calls, because I did not know about them.
Of course it's overvalued, the SIBOS hype was followed with complete crash, because it doesn't have market, until they aren't going to give out functioning product that industries actually start using.
When is the product coming out?
Nobody knows, because the developers aren't updating anything, they can write what they want, but I don't care about words, but actions.
I'm not telling you to sell, I'm just 'worried' with logic behind some of the poeple that support ChainLink, because I was also hyped about it at first and still try to see more clear.
However, right now it seems to be nothing more but one more shitty ICO.Of course I'd like to see further development and where it goes, but nothing is happening to be honest.
Literally 2 google searches...
Read the fucking pastebin then tell me what logic suggests this is a scam or shitcoin.
I bet you started in crypto a few months ago at best, faggot
Look at Ripple, Neo, even Arc.. All do almost the same.Check out this elite tier FUD, everybody.
Chain Chan nooo!
Dont use your thrusters near flammable objects!
But it can in no way reach 10$ value by 2018
No businesses use blockchain at this moment, so where is the use case for oracles?This you Dumbfuck niggerfaggots!It's all an experiment right now and you're just gambling in shitty Erc tokens.
I did.
Just whitepaper about how it functions and what it does.
I think you’re right about it needing maybe a couple years to moon.
I think you’re wrong about it being useless and you are particularly wrong about the power of meme magic.
UwahGood ARKNot at all wetBut can't be helpedMoon lets go.
*TN its much cuter in Japanese
As I've told you, lack of development, no real market for now (don't get me wrong, the idea of Smart Contracts is great and I hope it happens in future), competition is better.
Bagholders have no real arguments most of the time other than 'muh feelings' and meme magic.
Users are not paying transaction fees.
Thry are paying for data.
You are retarded and clearly dont understand the basics.
Thats why ppl troll u here.
You sound retarded.
Go dyor and grt outta here.
I'm at the point where the money I make off Link is going to be secondary to the enjoyment I get off of the pink wojacks and people killing themselves for missing it.
What are the profits of the clearing houses that settle the intra bank transactions?
Chainlink will replace them.I imagine the clearing houses to profit quite a bit.
I missed a panel somehow.
I don't have my glassesUwahGood ARKNot at all wetbut boat only.
(its) unable to flyBut can't be helpedMoon lets go.
lack of development,
They'll be silent.
Which is why I'm already amassing a FUD folder so I can post it in a years time.Unfortunately OP of this thread was too retarded to even make it into the folder.
Look at Ripple, IOTA, NEM, they all have billions of supply, yet are worth less than 1$.well mr. math genius, shouldn't you know that not all of these coins have the same supply?
I swear, you idiot pajeets seem to think all really big numbers are exactly the same passed a certain point.
LINK has far fewer coins than any of the ones you just mentioned.
So why even bring them up?
You are attacking me with your emotions
Wrong again.
Bro are you seriously this dumb.
You are retarded.
What the freak.
Competition is better?
Who?
And why arent smartcontracts worth billions being used?
Do you understand why?
No u dont.
Lack of development you are pathetic.
No ones gonna take u seriously here.
but did not include API price calls, because I did not know about them.So you acknowledge that you do not know about LINK's main use case?
It seems like you don't even have a basic understanding of the problem they are trying to solve.
If you think LINK is just about payments you are missing the point.This is further evidenced by the way you calculate value by comparing with MasterCard.
That comparison makes absolutely no sense, and fails to take into account the myriad use cases outside of direct financial transactions that will be enabled by LINK.Take Confido for example.
They are the first of many peer to peer marketplaces that will use logistics tracking data, obtained via LINK, to facilitate peer to peer marketplaces with escrow.
Every transaction (i.e.
buying/selling a physical item) will require LINK to validate that the physical delivery was completed.
Imagine if every transaction on eBay required a small amount of LINK.This is just one of the business cases that LINK enables.
Look at the proofs of concept that companies like AXA/Sony are building on LINK.
How does your MasterCard comparison take into account either of these?Try and think outside of the box a little bit, instead of just thinking of LINK as a way of sending payment messages like SWIFT.PS: There are some real dumb fucks on this board, who respond emotionally because they are currently down on their investments and can't handle it maturely.
I understand that it might appear that LINK is only held by delusional fools clinging to the HODL meme.
However, sprinkled among them are a lot of people who understand how game-changing LINK will be.
I am personally aware of a company with >$5b annual revenue that is considering making some of its data available to the blockchain via ChainLink.
The guy on Reddit who said "the only people talking about LINK are Reddit, /biz/ and Fortune 500 companies behind closed doors" was absolutely correct.
350mil tokens to incentivise the network.
For SWIFT messaging data millions of API-calls are made each day costing approx 0,15c a call.
With the current price of the token and the amount of data queries needed to run this kind of data stream the network would paralyze due to deficiency of tokens in days after going live.
If SWIFT implements CL the token value has to be significantly higher before network going live in Q2 next year.
roastie sacrifice>human
how come there's so many people that don't understand what link does?it gets posted here every fucking daydescentralized data sources for smart contracts (and else)do any of you know what fucking equifax?
what happened to them THIS FUCKING YEAR?the number of companies that only store data...it's only a matter of timemight take a week, a month a year or two but I'm confident Link will be used in the future and will be as common as swift and equifax are now if not more
This.
LINK has a GENERAL USE CASE.While SWIFT adopting LINK would be huge, LINK goes far beyond just financial institutions.A very large majority of future Smart Contract users will need access to "real world" data in a trust less way.
Their Smart Contracts are useless otherwise.
Most people here don't understand what ANY of these technologies do.
Very few white papers have been read.
Mostly just gambling.
Colonel reporting in.Down 20% as of now.Not selling until 100$Stay strong and God bless fellow marines.
"the only people talking about LINK are Reddit, /biz/ and Fortune 500 companies behind closed doors"This.
we are the God damn mother fuckin smart money here.
This is your chance to be SMART.
don't fucking blow it.
me 2
LINK literally has one developer who was a film student in Guangzhou City who wrote a thesis on the post-war Polish cinema of the 1980's.
He was obsessed with the film A Short Film About Love (1988) and watched it dozens of times, feeling a kindred connection with the shy, obsessive, and out-of-sorts protagonist.
Much of his life at the time reflected the protagonist's own experience as he fell in love with a woman living in the apartment building across from his own.The developer would spy upon her through a pair of binoculars every evening as she would carouse with her partner.
He found a way to open the lock on her door using a kitchen fork and would frequently enter her apartment to learn some aspects of her life, as in the Cantonese film Chungking Express.
He found on her partner's computer that he was heavily invested in cryptocurrencies and through extension of this became interested himself.
His evenings were consumed with learning how to code the coins, taking breaks only to gaze upon the beautiful woman from across the way.Eventually he gained enough knowledge to begin his own cryptocurrency ChainLINK which became wildly popular.
In this time the woman got married to her partner and the developer attempted suicide (as in the Polish film).
After leaving the hospital he came upon the news that her partner had disappeared mysteriously.
Apparently he had borrowed money which he couldn't pay back and now he was gone without a trace.
The developer felt a new vigor for life and coding.
He rebranded LINK and gave it the moniker 'the Oracle solution.'
To this day he is developing the coin in the hopes of attracted the woman he's been spying on for years.
Do you have the full list of the ranks?I've done some accumulating and wonder how much I've moved up the ranks.
does anybody day trade this shit coin?
Literally every person who FUDs LINK gets BTFO so hard, every single time.
That's why I'm all in on LINK
I'm not
Wrong pic lol
Their goal is to link crypto to the real world.
This has been the holy grail since I got involved in 2012.
By that logic Digibyte will be the best investment we'll ever make.
Why do I feel like these are written by RoryAsshole has nothing to do but sit around and fud link
He is bitch bastird.
SOMEONE ANSWER THIS QUESTION:My understanding is that LINK will do cross-blockchain transactions.
What does LINK offer that ARK does not?
Delusion Free
What does LINK offer that ARK does not?it can turn your investment money into nothingess faster than ARK.
really impressive feature.
4416394Am I actually not wrong?
If that's the case why the fuck are there so many deluded linkies?
Ark already has working smart brides.
Why did this whole board get on board with this project
well, i'll try to be serious here...ARK has moon potential, but i honestly believe it will inevitably fail because it tries to do literally fucking everything.
if you want to create a perfect product you need to focus on one thing, that's hard enough.
going fucking all over the place will lead to a half-assed product that has a very high chance of never succeeding in anything.
chainlink's purpose is clear: decentralized oracles, that's it.
they focus all their power on that until it's perfect.
are they going to succeed?
nobody knows.
Ark is Blockchain to Blockchain interaction.Link brings in offchain data to the blockchain.
They don't do the same thing at all.
Jesus dude, read both white papers and then come back.
ARK is connecting block chain to block chain.
Cool I guess.LINK is connecting "real world" data to block chains.
Very cool, because without "real world" data no "real world" company will be using the block chain technology.
Im holding.
This opportunity is too good to risk losing out on.
This technology will do to office workers what the tractor did to farmers.
If digits - moon soon.
Of course you are wrong.
People just don't want to spoon feed you.
ARK is crypto to crypto bridges.
LINK is crypto to outside world bridges.
Completely different goals.
Is this new wave of fud a signal to buy more?
Everytime I see this dip down to 15 cents i want to buy more.
My brain keeps telling me that its free moneys.
tfw office worker>tfw killing my own job allows me early retire
Fujitsu is planning something... http://www.fujitsu.com/global/about/resources/news/press-releases/2017/1115-01.html
If the digits imply, i will buy
Yes everyone in tether and btc will buy back to link soon and everyone is just fudding as long as possible to buy back low, isnt it obvious?
not for me, its shitcoin.
digits have spoken
My all-in is already priced in.
4412942you fucking brainlet normie retard I dont give a fuck if you stay poor.
CHAINLINK VIDEOS:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfH1B85YyFU - Sergey Q&Ahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nmLU284fIk -Interview when he was NXT Secure Asset Exchange CEO, talking about Smart Contracts (2014)https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=16&v=nMlpTgxKtAY - A technical overview of ChainLink, the decentralized oracle platform.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytv8U0bejPA - Ethereum Enthusiasts NYC: SmartContracts.com and Oracleshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfJiRsYpgyc -Smart Contracts in Business: Sergey Nazarovhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=T9R5fpxGeVc - What is SWIFT doing in terms of innovation that is new and exciting?-----------------------------------------------------------------------------LINKS: (That won't steal your links)https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink -the githubhttps://chainlink-docs.smartcontract.com/#installation -The ChainLink API documentation.https://link.smartcontract.com/whitepaper -Whitepaper (Duh)https://hudsonjameson.com/2017-08-06-advising-status-smartcontract/ -an Advisor's thoughts on smartcontractshttps://www.americanbanker.com/news/the-race-to-connect-smart-contracts-to-the-real-world American Banker [Financial Publication]https://paymentweek.com/2017-9-7-previous-chief-scientist-rsa-releases-smart-contract-connectivity-whitepaper-facebook-director-engineering-llvm-creator-joins-chainlink-advisory-board/ -Previous Chief Scientist Of RSA Releases Smart Contract Connectivity Whitepaper, Facebook Director Of Engineering & LLVM Creator Joins ChainLink Advisory Boardhttps://www.febelfin.be/sites/default/files/InDepth/smart-contracts.pd_.pdf - Capegemini reporthttps://image.slidesharecdn.com/worldeconomicforumtippingpoint2015blockchain41-170330211144/95/world-economic-forum-tipping-points-report-1-638.jpg?cb=1490908469 - World Economic Forum
Nothing to do with Link I'm almost certain.However I do find it odd there was another article about another company where they had a blockchain product that wasn't going commercial until Q2 2018 and this has some nebulous commercialization in 2018.
https://www.gartner.com/doc/3698947/cool-vendors-blockchain-applications- - Garner Reporthttps://www.coindesk.com/swift-startup-winner-demos-smart-contract-trade-5-financial-firms/ - Barclays, BNP Paribas, Fidelity, Societe Generale and Santander test out Chainlinkhttps://twitter.com/addyching/status/919995073990979591 - SIBOS updateshttp://www.crossroadstoday.com/story/36335056/previous-chief-scientist-of-rsa-releases-smart-contract-connectivity-whitepaper-facebook-director-of-engineering-llvm-creator-joins-chainlink-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Additional Information:  I noticed a lot of you guys didn't know what ChainLINK would be actually useful for or get too hung up on the "banking" premise that was shilled a lot on /biz/.
Let me explain the TRUE merit of ChainLINK.Bitcoin was the first decentralized currency that was trustless in nature.
Ethereum was the first decentralized smartcontract service that was trustless in nature.ChainLINK is the first "bridge" between real life data and crypto that is decentralized in nature.What does this mean?ChainLINK can take real time datastreams like Sensor data/non-crypto financial data such as real time interest rates etc and combine it with smartcontracts.What this does is create tremendous potential wealth and make businesses possible that weren't possible before ChainLINK existed.Let's look at the examples of how ChainLINK could be used in real life with one thing that is already confirmed.A startup called Confido wants to make a payment and delivery system where they will use real time data from the delivery service's sensor system if a package actually arrived or not.
When the sensor data confirm that the package is arrived a smart contract will automatically pay the vendor of that package automatically.
This type of service would be impossible with ChainLINK if you'd wanted to make it trustless without 3rd party meddling.
alright, I hope so!
because it would be very odd... and we were fuuuuccckkkked
4417197Other potential things that could be done ONLY with ChainLINK.Trustless Gambling Racehorses gets sensors in them whichever reaches the finish line first gets their data send to ChainLINK which then through smartcontract pays out everyone that betted on that horse.
Online gambling where the roulette has sensors in every landing place and automatically pays out to whomever betted on that automatically through ChainLINK.Trustless Insurance,Trustless Warranty When you have a car it could automatically send it's realtime data like speed,GPS position and miles driven to ChainLINK.
And it could in real time change your insurance terms based upon your driving behavior and if you crash your car pays out (or not) automatically based on these sensor data without needing a third party.Same for Warranties.
If the sensor data shows the warranty should apply it could automatically pay the party or if it is voided it automatically voids the smartcontract.Connecting all currencies ChainLINK can actually be used to link different currencies such as dollar,euro,yen with all different cryptocurrencies and each other.
Because you can input real data into it you could make it so that banks could "lock in" things like "Bank A coin=$5" and based upon how much other coins are worth in real time feeded to ChainLINK would make it possible to buy "Bank A coin" with ALL different cryptocurrencies even though they only accept dollars.
dude nobody gives a shit about arguing with you lmfao nobody fucking cares if you make money or not just don't buy link then if you're that much of a brainlet
4417197Last but not leastNew bank shattering application You know when you pay for something and you don't want to use your creditcard because of fees?
So you go and do a wire transfer straight from your bank to another one.But then you usually have to wait a couple of days or even a week if it's international and you are unlucky.Well.
ChainLINK is the solution to that.
A bank (or third party application) could just feed the information from Bank A that you made a wire transfer to Bank B.
And then through ChainLINK combining that data with a smart contract Person that has Bank B account gets paid that money immediately and so the vendor/friend/whatever that uses Bank B knows that he got paid even though he hasn't received the money yet and thus can give the guy from Bank A his goods/whatever immediately.
Thus cutting out Creditcards/Wire transaction time and everything WITHOUT having to use cryptocurrency per-se as the end user.THIS is why LINK is the most talked about coin on /biz/ since ETH.
Because it'll be a game changer.
44172154417138Sure you can say "There is no guarantee it will be adopted" or "Why won't every of those businesses not just program their own solution".But I could say the same thing about ETH "What if smartcontracts won't get adopted?"
"Can't companies not just program their own smartcontract services?
"The answer is NO.
Because the value is added due to it being DECENTRALIZED.
There is no third party that can meddle with the transaction.
It's all real time based on sensor or other outside information which gives security to the users.I hope some of you understand the potential of LINK some more right now.I have seen a lot of FUD lately surrounding ChainLink and a lot of people losing faith.
While everyone is waiting for news to drop, here is what we know about ChainLink as of now.
PARTNERS:Here are some names of companies that ChainLink is working with, or at the VERY least has contacts with.
SWIFT: This one should be obvious to everyone by now.
They just gave a working demo for SWIFT at SIBOS.
They even state on the smartcontract website that they are indeed WORKING WITH SWIFT.
The cheeky bastards even have SWIFT subtely underlined, as shown here:https://imgur.com/a/UcnTf  SONY & AXA: We all know who SONY is.
Axa is the largest holder of financial derivatives in the world.
It's a trillion dollar market.
All three parties have signed a smart contract that deals with varying levels of insurance coverage depending on firewall uptime on May 9th 2016, viewable here: https://create.smartcontract.com/#/contracts/317764c5bf532e8b33572b6e77ae2133https://imgur.com/a/uzRH1  FACTOM: Factom and ChainLink have been working together since 2016.
You can view Factom's announcement about it here: https://www.factom.com/blog/smartcontract-factom-announce-collaborationhttps://imgur.com/a/Lf6vr
kek if LINK hits 1$ it'll surge to 3$ on hype alone
yup.
ark is like the stupid autism version of what link is doing.
44173124417197If you feel like reading up on what it actually is, then check the link below and scroll down to "Bletchley Introduces Cryrplets, which is a "Secure Blockchain Middleware into their architecture" https://github.com/Azure/azure-blockchain-projects/blob/master/bletchley/bletchley-whitepaper.md Also, an article stating that Microsoft recently joined Cornell, who is a ChainLink partner as stated on the Smartcontract website.
https://www.coindesk.com/microsoft-joins-cornell-blockchain-research-group/  DATA USED FROM BANKS AT SIBOS DEMO: Now keep in mind that these banks are NOT announced partners, but ChainLink has used them for their POC in their demo at SIBOS: BarclaysBNP ParibasFidelitySociete GeneraleSantander https://www.coindesk.com/swift-startup-winner-demos-smart-contract-trade-5-financial-firms/?utm_content=buffer4ffb0&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer COMMON FUD: I have seen a lot of the same FUD repeated on 4chan, lets take a look and see if we can dispell some of this shall we.
The big one that seems to be going around now is an old picture from a completely different presentation that Sergey is giving in what appears to be a small room.
Here is the floor plan for the Metro Toronto Convention Centre, showing that the largest room is where the SWIFT presentations are in.
(The room is actually next to restrooms though KEK) https://imgur.com/a/4dSj4 "THEY ARE USING A SHITTY ERC20 TOKEN" : The token is only used to incentivize NODE operators.
ChainLink itself can operate on the BTC blockchain, Ethereum blockchain, AND Hyperledger, as stated on the smartcontract website.
Sony and AXA were demos made from publically available information you mong
441733844172154417138"THE TEAM ONLY HAS 2 DEVS": This is true.
However, they clearly already have a working product that is on their website, which they have already demo'd in front of a large crowd at SIBOS today.
ChainLink is already a working product, unlike a lot of other shitcoins with a much higher market cap.
RECAP: So let's recap, ChainLink is working with or at the VERY LEAST have contact with the following companies/organizations: -SWIFT-Gartner-Cornell-World Economic Forum-Sony-Axa-Microsoft-Factom-Confido Is their any pie that ChainLink doesn't have their fingers in?
Their tech is literally revolutionary.
Smart contracts are fucking useless without being able to pull real world data from off-chain.
This coin is already 4x up from ICO price without them even releasing any news yet.
It is brand new and still in it's infancy.
Do not let these 4chan biztards FUD you into selling a fucking goldmine.
If they release an announcement stating all of their partners + exchange listings, this thing will be the BIGGEST.
COIN.
EVER Let this sink in for a moment.
I'll wait.
BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE!!
!
!
!
I'm buying with the intent to hold for a few years.
Don't care when it moons I just feel comfy that it will, eventually.
Nice cherrypick you fucking brainlet faggot cuck441736944173124417197Ari Juels is a faculty member at the Jacobs Institute at Cornell Tech.
He co-authoredthis work in his separate capacity as an advisor to SmartContract ChainLink Ltd., inwhich he has a financial interest.
In 2004, MIT’s Technology Review Magazine named Dr. Juels one of the world’s top 100 technology innovators under the age of 35.
Computerworld honored him in its “40 Under 40” list of young industry leaders in 2007.
He has received other distinctions, but sadly no recent ones acknowledging his youth.
- (http://www.arijuels.com/)Chainlink was selected by the World Economic Forum's Tipping Point report as the "Shift in Action" for Smart Contracts, for their work on allowing smart contracts in the Bitcoin network to be automatically triggered by external data.
- (https://image.slidesharecdn.com/worldeconomicforumtippingpoint2015blockchain41-170330211144/95/world-economic-forum-tipping-points-report-1-638.jpg?cb=1490908469) Chainlink is partnered with Cornell's IC3, to help launch the first Intel SGX secured link between smart contracts and external data.
This more secure way of running an oracle is the future and they're glad to be moving it forward.
- (https://create.smartcontract.com/#/contracts/cc3ea3c76b5a60f171e0eaf223146f34?tab=info)  Chainlink has been chosen as a 2017 Blockchain Applications Cool Vendor by Gartner.
This validates the value that CTOs and CIOs see in our more secure approach to connecting smart contracts with critical external resources.
- (https://www.gartner.com/doc/3698947/cool-vendors-blockchain-applications-)
4417387441733844172154417138Chainlink is presently working with SWIFT on their own SWIFT Smart Oracle.
Allowing smart contracts on various networks to make payments, send governance instructions, and release collateral with over 11,000 banks.
- (https://www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/HJglipax9KmMPx) SWIFT's premier blockchain project consists of two main pillars:1) Distributed Ledger Tech or DLT (basically a blockchain)2) Smart contracts Smart contracts are meant to bridge the gap between external data and blockchains.
SWIFT is pretty far along with the first pillar (DLT), but has nothing at all yet for smart contracts; except for Smartcontract.com/Chainlink of course.
The "gpi" thing in OP's pic is a global payments initiative, and the third phase of gpi also involves DLT and related options.This may very well include Smartcontract.com/Chainlink, of course; but the partnership is still in its infancy.
>SWIFT's premier blockchain project consists of two main pillars:Source: https://www.swift.com/node/39911 Very first line of that SWIFT document:>Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) and Smart Contracts (SC) promise to transform automation in the financial industry, and are generating huge interest amongst financial institutions and technology providers.
Nicely outlines the two main parts as listed above: (1) DLT and (2) Smart Contracts.
Massive consulting firms like Capgemini are devoting entire reports to smart contracts, specifically mentioning Smartcontract.com (= Chainlink) and Sergey Nazarov by name as the sole smart contract solution that can use external data thanks to oracles.Source: https://www.febelfin.be/sites/default/files/InDepth/smart-contracts.pd_.pdf Excerpts:>Sometimes, external inputs such as prices, performance, or other real-world data may be required to process a transaction, and oracle services help smart contracts with inputs such as these.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxD6ceooa0U&t=1115sOP is that you?
4417409441736944173124417197Smart contracts will also need to be able to work with trusted external data sources if they are to utilize external information.
Smart contracts can achieve this with the help of oracles – programs providing smart contracts with the data they need from the external world or carrying the commands they need to send to other systems.
Sergey Nazarov, Cofounder and CEO, smartcontract.com – a startup specializing in building oracles – outlines how connectivity with real-world data will be key.
If you don't know what Capgemini is: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capgemini Back in 2015 the World Economic Forum also mentioned smartcontract(s).com by name:http://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_GAC15_Technological_Tipping_Points_report_2015.pdf#page=24 I'll trust world-class economic influencers like WEF and Capgemini.
>finished product>massive business relationships>enormous marketing opportunity coming up at SIBOS>sky-high industry interest already, see above>beastly use case (mainstream fucking smart contracts) B-b-bb-b-b-but... >chainlink has -2 devs, would need to hire 2 devs even to have zero staff>whitepaper is written on a bar towel covered in vomit>ICO caused 9/11>roadmap literally goes backwards to 2008 then crashes>Sergey isn't even real he's a balloon with a face drawn on
44174304417387441733844172154417138Except Confido has already adopted Chainlink as their oraclehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SX0buv4bCchttps://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/3-cryptocurrencies-to-keep-an-eye-on-that-are-not-bitcoin_us_59d22c36e4b034ae778d4c32http://confido.io/""We recently made the switch from Oraclize to Chainlink because of the decentralised aspect of Chainlink.
The way we use Chainlink is pretty simple; our smart contracts track packages by using multi-carrier shipping API’s like Easypost and Postmen to view the delivery status of a package.
We connect to, and pull data from, these API’s using Chainlink.Before we made the switch from Oraclize to Chainlink we relied on one single API to serve us the correct data, which simply wasn’t secure enough when dealing with people’s money.
Chainlink allowed us to stay decentralised and improve the security of our platform by allowing us to pull data from several API’s.We are bullish on LINK and hope to accelerate the adoption by using it in our own project.
There are so many use cases for LINK, our project is just one of them.""
Look at ETH.What makes it worth the $300 it is today?Smart contractsThey are revolutionary.
Don't know why?
Google it.
You will find all sorts of uses for them, from Finance, Insurance companies, Airlines, you name it.
There is a problem however, which is probably slowing down ETH's growth.
Right now, smart contracts on the Ethereum network are limited; it's confined within the blockchain and with data on the blockchain.Chainlink changes that.All of those potential uses for Smart Contracts - that's all now a very legitimate possibility now.
In the simplest terms, Chainlink allows for external data to inform smart contracts.
When you consider the fact that it's decentralised, it gets a whole lot better.
44174574417409441736944173124417197People that keep saying things like "why would banks use chainlink when they can just make their own version" clearly don't understand the fundamentals of this project.
Chainlink's goal is not to "be used" like (e.g.)
Ripple hopes to achieve.Chainlink is merely the bridge that enables data which is outside of the Ethereum 'universe', to communicate with it, and thus execute various actions.
Thus, it's not unlikely that adopters will use their own private blockchain (biggest reason would be to avoid the market fluctuations in it's value).
But - what will they use to get their data, onto the blockchain - whether it be their own token, eth, etc... Chainlink.
1.
Eth and smartcontracts.
We all know smartcontracts are revolutoinary, but their use cases are limited.
Smartcontracts are awesome, but they are confined within the blockchain and data on the blockchain.
In otherwords, right now smartcontracts are "you send 1 eth and I'll send back 1000 McTokens", and this contract is verifiable/trustless/amazing but its stuck within the universe of Ethereum and the data Ethereum understands 2.
It is possible to use external data to inform these contracts, but right now that process is centralized.
This is a problem.
Lets say the external data is a transaction of Dollars for ETH.
So you send 300$ to bank account X, and then I send one Eth to your address.
Right now you either do that through a third party (CoinBase), OTC (LocalBitcoins) or whatever else centrlized system you want to use.
Knocking out that centralization, where you have to trust someone, is THE key to SmartContracts having a real world use case.
But how do you get that information -- the fact that the $300 has been sent -- onto the blockchain using data that the smartcontract understands?
4417479441743044173874417338441721544171383.
Oracles.
Right now the answer is "hey we can hire Oracle X to do the translation to represent this bank dollar transaction on the blockchain."
The "oracle problem" with this is that you are 100% TRUSTING that oracle to act prudently.
That they don't tamper with the data.
So we can kill coinbase but now we have to trust the oracle instead of coinbase .This is a HUGE problem for Banks who want to get into blockchain but have to trust a centralized oracle to translate data.
This Oracle can be hacked, falsified, defrauded, really all the problems that come with centralization.4.
ChainLink - this service DECENTRALIZES that translation process of the Oracle.
Now, the translation is trustless, and you have a trustless data feed that informs the trustless smart contract.
Multibillion dollar institutions can rely on distributed blockchain technology and know the data that informs their smart contracts is tamperproof.
So Thats what ChainLink does.
ChainLink is the first decentralized Oracle that allows anyone to securely provide smart contracts with access to external data, off-chain payments, and really literally any other API you can dream up.
Confirmation of delivery of an items (RFID, like Walton), confirmation of a wire being sent or received, interest rates from any central bank, sports scores, product/machine uptime, price of Eth/BTC in real time, weather patterns etc.
Right now smart contracts are simple if/then functions where you go and manually do the if so the then comes back.
Now with Oracles smartcontracts can automatically confirm or deny if then statements without any human interaction.
Transactional automation for agreed upon terms on steroids.
Fujitsu Develops Security Technology to Safely Connect BlockchainsSucks for ARK holders, not so much LINK holders.
LINK isn't attempting to "connect blockchains"
441751444174574417409441736944173124417197Anyone can now engrain off-chain data directly onto the blockchain in an actually decentralized way and use that data to directly inform trustless smart contracts, and since the Oracle is decentralized you know the data feed is secure and you’re not concerned with tampering on the Oracle’s part.
This is like a skeleton key to actualize the data on the blockchain and apply that data to real world use cases.
Essentially, Smart Contracts are flawed because they, by their very nature, can't interact with data outside the blockchain.
Oracles are the bridge which allow that to happen, but current oracles are centralized and could possibly manipulate the data they are passing for their own benefit, which causes big companies wanting to implement smart contracts to get cold feet.Chainlink is a decentralized oracle network, which will allow the oracles on the network to act in a similar manner to how we see bitcoin miners interact with the bitcoin blockchain --- they don't care about what they're processing, they just process it.
This allows the trustless and tamperless translation of the data from the source to the smart contract, which opens up a whole world of possibilities.
I wrote a couple examples to help open your mind to it:Securities smart contracts such as bonds .
.
.
You have a Bond which you have a smart contract for which is fed market data through an oracle, calculates the effective interest rate and payment based on the terms of your bond, and processes your dividends through a payment network oracle (SWIFT Payment network)Insurance smart contracts, which uses data from IoT devices in your home to support claims for insurable events, such as your fire alarm or home security system automatically beginning a claim with the company providing your personal property insurance when one of those events occur.
Line up these horses fellas, they need to get their chainlink sensors implanted before the race lmao retard
But even if the smart contract and the oracles are tamper proof due to decentralization, the data still comes from a centralized source...oh wait, you could use multiple sources of course, or am i missing something?
They wouldn't be 'chainlink' sensors, dumbpie.Chainlink could be used to release funds/data on any event trigger you can possibly imagine were we not held back by the lack of means to assert them.I.e.
prostitution would be free of non paying customers.
You'd lock up the agreed upon sum in a contract and those would be released to the pimp upon you cumming the agreed upon number of times.
But how do we trustlessly get that number to the blockchain?Chainlink is a framework for the future.
Monopolies would be a problem.Say a company is the only one that has a surefire way of determining how many times someone cums.
They'd be free to tamper with the data and get their cums for free.
Jesus Christ you people are dumb.
Either do your research so you can FUD correctly or GTFO.
But then you would need a chainlink spunk meter to verify the nut.
/s
Banks pay Billions for market data every year.
people buying hoards of chainlink now are seriously the smartest crypto investors in this space.
everyone else is hoarding stupid shit that already mooned or worthless meme coins trying to flip 'em.
LINK is serious shit in the super early days.
if this works out, the entire world could be using LINK in one form or another (without realizing it, just like how you use thousands of APIs every day without realizing it).
This.
Is.
Big.
>Coinbase will add ERC20 tokens in 2018>Link is an ERC20 tokenhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Could it reach 10$?
Lost around $1400 on LINK but am still holding 1k because LINK has the best memes
tryna buy it on etherdelta but nobody clicks my buy orders.
do I have to click sell orders?
they seem so expensive.
Or is binance better and cheaper?
pls respond.
Sergey is gonna die from type 2 diabetes before the main net launches anyways lmao faggot
got into binance yesterday and I really like the exchange
Sergey got fat lolzmore amazing FUD
Yeah $10 market cap lmao douche
The amount of FUD in here has convinced me to buy even though I was on the fence.
Dumbass I actually wrote at least half the info that guy copy and pasted ^ have some fun fucking with people jeeze bro lighten up a bit.
Lmao fag
 Oracle SecurityIn order to explain ChainLink’s security architecture, we must first explain why securityis important—and what it means.Why must oracles be secure?
Returning to our simple examples in Section 1,if a smart contract security gets a false data feed, it may payout the incorrect party,if smart contract insurance data feeds can be tampered with by the insured party7Figure 1: ChainLink workflow: 1) USER-SC makes an on-chain request; 2) CHAINLINK-SClogs an event for the oracles; 3) ChainLink core picks up the event and routes the assignmentto an adapter; 4) ChainLink adapter performs a request to an external API; 5) ChainLinkadapter processes the response and passes it back to the core; 6) ChainLink core reportsthe data to CHAINLINK-SC; 7) CHAINLINK-SC aggregates responses and passes them backas a single response to USER-SC.there may be insurance fraud, and if GPS data given to a trade finance contract canbe modified after it leaves the data provider, payment can be released for goods thathaven’t arrived.More generally, a well-functioning blockchain, with its ledger or bulletin-boardabstraction, offers very strong security properties.
Users rely on the blockchain asa functionality that correctly validates transactions and prevents data from beingaltered.
They treat it in effect like a trusted third party (a concept we discuss atlength below).
A supporting oracle service must offer a level of security commensuratewith that of the blockchain it supports.
An oracle too must therefore serve users asan effective trusted third party, providing correct and timely responses with veryhigh probability.
The security of any system is only as strong as its weakest link,so a highly trustworthy oracle is required to preserve the trustworthiness of a wellengineeredblockchain.
4418166Defining oracle security: An ideal view.
In order to reason about oracle security,we must first define it.
An instructive, principled way to reason about oraclesecurity stems from the following thought experiment.
Imagine that a trusted thirdparty (TTP)—an ideal entity or functionality that always carries out instructionsfaithfully to the letter—were tasked with running an oracle.
We’ll denote this oracleby ORACLE (using all caps in general to denote an entity fully trusted by users), andsuppose that the TTP obtains data from a perfectly trustworthy data source Src.Given this magical service ORACLE, what instructions would we ask it to carry out?To achieve the property of integrity, also referred to as the authenticity property[24], we would simply ask that ORACLE perform the following steps:8Figure 2: Behavior of an ideal oracle ORACLE is defined by steps: 1) Accept request; 2)Obtain data; 3) Return data.
Additionally, to protect the confidentiality of a request, upondecrypting it, ORACLE never uses or reveals the data it contains, except to query Src.1.
Accept request: Ingest from a smart contract USER-SC a request Req = (Src, τ, q)that specifies a target data source Src, a time or range of times τ , and a queryq;2.
Obtain data: Send query q to Src at time τ ;3.
Return data: On receiving answer a, return a to the smart contract.These simple instructions, correctly carried out, define a strong, meaningful, butsimple notion of security.
Intuitively, they dictate that ORACLE acts as a trustworthybridge between Src and USER-SC.
Ok that one I didn't write ^ but a lot of these I did
4418166For example, if Src is https://www.FountOfKnowledge.com,τ is 4 p.m., and q = “price for ticker INTC”, the integrity of ORACLE guaranteesthat it will provide USER-SC with exactly the price of INTC as queried at 4 p.m. athttps://www.FountOfKnowledge.com.Confidentiality is another desirable property for oracles.
As USER-SC sends Reqto ORACLE in the clear on the blockchain, Req is public.
There are many situationsin which Req is sensitive and its publication could be harmful.
If USER-SC is aflight insurance contract, for example, and sends ORACLE a query Req regarding aparticular user’s flight (q = “Ether Air Flight 338”), the result would be that auser’s flight plans are revealed to the whole world.
If USER-SC is a contract forfinancial trading, Req could leak information about a user’s trades and portfolio.There are many other examples, of course.To protect the confidentiality of Req, we can require that data in Req be encryptedunder a (public key) belonging to ORACLE.
Continuing to leverage the TTP natureof ORACLE, we could then simply give ORACLE the information-flow constraint:2Of course, many details are omitted here.
ORACLE should communicate with both USER-SCand source Src over secure, i.e., tamperproof, channels.
(If Src is a web server, TLS is required.
Tocommunicate with USER-SC, ORACLE must be sure to scrape the right blockchain and digitally signA appropriately.)
Shut up fag lmao fag
44181664418203Upon decrypting Req, never reveal or use data in Req except to query Src.There are other important oracle properties, such as availability, the last of theclassical CIA (Confidentiality-Integrity-Availability) triad.
A truly ideal service ORACLE,of course, would never go down.
Availability also encompasses more subtleproperties such as censorship resistance: An honest ORACLE will not single out particularsmart contracts and deny their requests.The concept of a trusted third party is similar to the notion of an ideal functionality[7] used to prove the security of cryptographic protocols in certain models.
Wecan also model a blockchain in similar terms, conceptualizing it in terms of a TTPthat maintains an ideal bulletin board.
Its instructions are to accept transactions,validate them, serialize them, and maintain them permanently on the bulletin board,an append-only data structure.Why the ideal oracle (ORACLE) is hard to achieve.
There is, of course, noperfectly trustworthy data source Src.
Data may be benignly or maliciously corrupteddue to faulty web sites, cheating service providers, or honest mistakes.If Src isn’t trustworthy, then even if ORACLE does operate exactly like a TTP as instructedabove, it still doesn’t completely meet the notion of security we want.
Given afaulty source Src, the integrity property defined above no longer means that an oracle’sanswer a is correct.
If the true price of Intel is $40 and https://www.FountOfKnowledge.commisreports it as $50, for example, then ORACLE will send the incorrect value a = $50to USER-SC
leave the thread then you faggot
give us a price speculation for eoy 2018 please
This idiots just copy and pasting he doesn't know shit.
Lmao fag
I've just sold last bits of LINK my dear biz friends.
Bought at $0.48, sold at $0.16.
Thank you my friends for shilling this and "this" Sergei.
Thanks for not making me rich.
I see you follow the /biz/ doctrine as well.
I bought BCH at 2800 and sold st 1800.
I think I'll make it just like you in a few years.
Buy high sell low baby
Lol
.10$ EOY

link will drop to 0.05 cents.
screencap this
a true /biz/iness man.
i see the vision.
you don't.
I havn'et sold.
i will not sell.
1 billion tokens
I have now my portfolio 50 % BAT + 50 % LINK.I don't have any more free money which I am ready to lose to invest.Should I convert my BAT to LINK now or safer bet to leave it as it is?
Theyve told you about a partnership with swift but all you got was sergay partnering with McDonald's
Can you explain how chainlink will scale regarding to the amount of transactions ?
It uses ethereum so it will never reach the amount of transactions per second that for example visa/mastercard can reach right?
are you me?great projects with ridiculous amount of coins, will take some time but we'll make it
In transactions, not transaction fees.
Keep in mind that the whole point of Chainlink is to reduce transaction fee costs, so the valuation of chainlink drops even further.
You linkies are beyond retarded, thinking this should be worth anything in terms of marketcap.
Sure the tech might be useful but it doesn't need to be highly priced.
this needs an answer, i dont think this concern has been talked about much
Each bank already passed pays tens of millions each year for transaction fees / clearinghouses / regulatory oversight.11,000 banks
They dont get it.
The entire point of the network is to be cheap and self sustaining.Any banks using the network will have their own nodes.
Others use their nodes, they get little transaction fee from it, they use that tx fee to use get data nodes.Sergey has 650m in reserve to distribute among users.
And some of that is for his team to sell personally.
Newcoiners think their 35% percent of the supply is going to be worth hundreds of dollars.. And they tell us to do research.
And?
I already told you that Chainlink's purpose is to reduce transaction costs, there's no reason for banks to use this if the marketcap is too high(too high of a cost).
So in actuality this is a depreciating coin like Bancor, there is absolutely no fucking reason to hold this.
they use that tx fee to get data from other nodes*11,000 banksSo?
You think the smartcontract team doing legwork for swift means that every single one of swifts customers is going to be forced onto the chainlink network?Fucking delusional.
Sure the tech might be useful but it doesn't need to be highly priced.This is what i was thinking;the token is to be used to pay fees, but it's worth almost 16 cents now,transaction fee for a single smart contractshould be below that, so either they cut the tokens into smaller and smaller tokens or it's horribly overpriced
4419337chainlink, just like any crypto, can be divided up to 0.00000001 Link, so the price per coin dosen't matteras long as there is DEMAND for the coin the price will go upit might be really cheap at first to use the oracles but as it gets more and more used I bet the price per coin is going up, even if the price to use the service remains the same (in usd)they might start with 10link per request, then 9, 5, 2, 0.1, 0.001, etcThe price per coin is just a result of offer and demand, considering those who use it won't be selling and those who want to use it will have to buy some, the price can only go upthe node operators are the ones who will sell, and they benefit from it being a expensive as possible, so they wont sell too much as it would drive the price downif link starts being used I can see it being 1-10 bucks per coin, if not more
huur it will be worth $10,000 each they can just use .0000001 of a linkDelusional
the same could be said about ethereum or bitcoinsee 4419431it could, don't think it will reach that number though, unless the dollar goes through an hyper-inflation periodthe same can be said about BTC... it keeps going up because there's a finite amount of coins and you can buy a fraction of a coin, so everytime someone buys 1 dollar worth of BTC the market cap goes up 1 dollarthis is crypto 101 dude
This is smart OP, what do you think of Zap.Store?
If the concept is too difficult for you to comprehend then just leave it be.
You're talking about transaction fees and SWIFT sending trillions of dollars and saying users want the market cap to low.
I'm genuinely astonished.
It's not that you just plain don't understand, but you're coming up with some unbelievable shit that has absolutely no substance to be considered regarding this project.
It's like you're so far off you're not even wrong
This right here is the flaw in ChainLink.
The Oracles are still centralized, you're just asking 50 nodes to tell you what the old system says.
current system:>make a request to NASDAQ, ask them what Intel Corp. share price isChainLink ""'solution""">you make a request to 50 different nodes, each of those nodes makes a request to NASDAQ asking what Intel Corp. share price is nothing is gained in the chainlink solution except inefficiency
wrongぜんぜん沈めない translates to "absolutely won't sink"
where do you think they get the info?other nodes could get the info in other ways and get the same data, they would charge depending on how hard it is to get that infoyou could have 3 nodes, that give the same info getting it from different sourcesyou pay those 3 node operators and the contract goes through if the info is the same on the 3, if the info isn't the same on the 3 you get an alertthis is better than trusting 1 entity with your infosee Equifax and the hack they went through this year
equifax has nothing to do with this, what the fuck are you talking about?
So banks consider NASDAQ a safe source of data atm.
They want to make a transaction where the stock price is needed.
An oracle is needed to distribute this off-chain data into a smartcontract network.
Centralized oracles would not be an option because they are not trustless.
ChainLink is a trustless decentralized oracle network.
An oracle is needed to distribute this off-chain data into a smartcontract network.the oracle is NASDAQ >Centralized oracles would not be an option centralized oracles are absolutely an option because they are currently the solution and a highly efficient one at that>because they are not trustless.being trustless is not a virtue >ChainLink is a trustless decentralized oracle network.buzzwords strung together
of those nodes makes a request to NASDAQ asking what Intel Corp. share price is^this
Even if they use the smallest amount of LINK for transaction fees(they won't), in order for LINK to give you gains, they would have to dump a significant amount of money into buying(demand) chainlink(they won't since they'll get some of it for free from the 650m other locked up chainlink tokens), but if they're just going to use the smallest amount of LINK for a transaction, there isn't any ever need to buy up significant amounts of chainlink since they already have a ton and the amount of chainlink needed per transaction is incredibly small, so in actuality you just argued for chainlink to not have any appreciable value.
Deluded Linkies will stay deluded.
NASDAQ is an oracle :D hahaha.
If banks want to make cs's they need a way to get the data in.
This is what oracles do.
If it's a single centralized oracle it can't be trusted to provide information into a self executing contract.
The point of failure can't be the oracle.
This is why you pull the data out of multiple oracles
the oracle is NASDAQ >being trustless is not a virtue I never thought I had the privilege to see something so stupid.
4419646like we say over and over again, LINK is not for brainlets.
go buy bitbean or whatever.
Bump
This is why you pull the data out of multiple oraclesYou're not understanding.
Every Link node will just request NASDAQ for the stock quote, and you will pay for this privilege to Link node owners.
There is no benefit to using Link over just asking NASDAQ, which, more reliable (I trust NASDAQ not to lie to me, node owners might just collude and make up bullshit) more efficient, and cheaper.
>operating in the us and registered in cayman islandsHonestly this alone is enough of a red flag
https://clfaq.smartcontract.com/ust gonna leave this here for fudders so they can Link 101oracles won't take the info from Nasdaq, they will get the info the same way Nasdaq gets it and Nasdaq could be a node operator too, to charge for their services (as they do) but allowing their data to be used on smart contracts
How are those 0.71x BTC returns since ICO doing?
HAHAHAHAHAAAAAA
Central point of failure.
What stops someone from hacking NASDAQs "oracles" and destroying millions of smart contracts?
FUCKINGGOT HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEM
Yeah I guess you could phone NASDAQ and manually type the data into the sc.
If you after a few phone calls think of trying an API-call getting the data straight into your sc you might want to use an oracle.
And if there's significant amounts of money involved you probably want to be using a trustless one
You could literally put a location sensor in every bridle.
It would be completely trivial.
Yeah I guess you could phone NASDAQ and manually type the data into the scDude...stop.
Go to school and study.
You have no fucking idea what you're talking about.
Any banks using the network will have their own nodes.You honestly don't even have the faintest idea what you're talking about.
There are still people who get it this wrong and believe their rightStay poor, please.Or better yet fomo when in hits 5 dollars and you realize it's going to 50 and sell low on the correction.
This.
The token could have 0 purpose and after the right partnerships get announced, the value would skyrocket anyway.
Being this autistic
How does someone get into buying chainlink?
What do you need to go through, I have seen coinbase?
I am new to this and yes I won't to do it legally, will report any capital gains I make.
Put a gun to your temple and pull the trigger faggot
Link is garbage and hasn't even outperformed bitcoin since the ico, let it die
How is link going to scale?
It's not going to.
DO NOT GET INVOLVED!!
The ETH team is working on it, but yes, it's an issue until they have it fixed.
https://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisation
lol how new are you in crypto?
once something pumps and then dumps it's not going back up for a long time faggot.
also i want to confess something, i paid a couple of faggots to shill link during the first leg up to make idiots like you hold so I could dump my bags from the ico for 5x gains and here you are, still retarded enough to hold my bags lmao
4419237The ChainLink conversions aren't processed on the Ethereum blockchain.
Only the payments made to nodes are.
ChainLink is platform agnostic and works on Ethereum, Blockchain and Hyperledger.Think of like "I only pay Spotify monthly through PayPal, but I listen to thousands of songs a month.
How is PayPal going to handle all of those thousands of songs?
"The protocol and the payment system are two different things, and the payment system is way more lightweight.
The saddest part of you isn't that you're a larping loser but that which is evident from your earlier post, you haven't done your research.
So go ahead and pretend you made money while in reality you're just ignorant or stupid.
buckle up
you're the faggot from that YT video, aren't you?hahaha you fucking idiot have no idea about the economy behind the LINK tokenand no, nobody is gonna spoonfeed you, it takes days to research and understand the fuck out of that project it's so complex, and you want someone to give you a summary for free so you can buy comfy?
fuck off, noone needs you to buyPepe Baller was right 
lol obviously you can't refute my points, and you're going to stay a bagholder losing money while i'm making money with other coins.
admit that you don't know what the fuck you're doing in the crypto space.
Holy shit
It will go back down in a couple hours.
No reason for it to pump.
At this point I'll assume you're either a shitty troll or a kid.
WHY IS IT MOONING?ACTIVATE MAXIMUM FUD, THIS IS TOO SOON
Probably, unless someone knows more than we do.
THIS FUCKING STOPI WANTED TO MOVE SOME MORE INTO IT TOMORROW FUCK
BUt how do you make money off being the 'thousands of songs'?
why doesn't ETH copy NEO, can't it handle way more trnasactions?
4421293BTC is starting to go down you dumbasses kek.
Fork by rogue miners is over.
DELUDED