>tfw quitting smoking potSpending 500 a month on weed, this is too much.
Switching to hard liquor
Skip that phase and go straight to amphetamines.
just smoke less holy shit
>x is too expensive, switch to yFunny, I considered switching from hooch to weed for the same reason.My cannabis tolerance is so low a gram can last me weeks and weeks, although I hate the feeling of being high so fuck that
exercise and smoke weed.
it balances everything.
tfw also addicted to amphetaminesim addcited, I throw up if I dont smoke and feel awful
I quit since i live in commie America and had a close call with a random drug test then picked up doing coke which was ok now im just sober and bored as hell
start microgrowing cannabisit can be ridiculously cheapafter few years i optimized my grow operations to such degree one harvest costs me like $10no joking
its hard man, especialy if you use it to deal with problems which i imagine he does, i do it to even though i dont have a job.
u always find money for those habits
whats your setup?
Just get better friends OP, ones with lots of weed that you enjoy hanging out with.
>Tfw I don't smoke, drink or use drugs>But addicted to pornI guess we all have weakness eh
commie america is pro weed.. its legal in all the dem states you knowthe reason im so addicted is because I call the clinic and they deliver it to me in 10 minutes
Amphetamines aren't addictive unless you take shitloads.I've been taking dex and ritalin for over ten years for ADHD and can stop anytime I want
how much is a harvest?
you live in a cold country?
norwegian here :(
You can very very easily spend more than 500 a month on liquor
addicted to potNice larp bro, I have smoked for years and I have stopped cold turkey for months and all I felt was “well a smoke would be nice”.
It’s either all in your head or you’re larping.
Only if you're retarded.Just buy goon and you're golden; tastes the same as the bottled shit
Getting addicted to shitNever gonna make it.
I've done all of the drugs and smoke weed on the reg.
I never understood the addiction meme.
How the fuck do you spend 500 bucks on weed a month?
Do you smoke a gram a day?
Quitting weed was the best decision I ever made.
You've got the right idea with replacing it with something new, but alcohol is just more of the same.
Try tennis instead.
Yes weed adiction is psychological.Did you know also CRACK STONE is psychological, leaving it wont kill you, just makes you go MAD.
Anyway OP just smoke less by dont get high while you do your job,excercise or fuck.
the rest of time really dont matter
And how much did you smoke?
I've been smoking daily since I was a kid and whenever I just stop it's hell unless I'm occupied (away for work, staying with family, camping, etc).Shit dude even when I had only been smoking for a few years I'd see demons and shit when I'd go cold turkey
4529099It's quite easy to be stuck into a habit of smoking weed.I'm in college at the moment and I smoke about a gram a day.
Sometimes I wake up the next day and decide that today I am not going to smoke a single joint.> friends meet up with me> "hey anon we've rolled a joint want to smoke with us"> so tempting> have a few puffs> 2 hours later you're calling your dealer because your so fucking bored out of your mind as you're not used to being sober for more than 3 hours a dayYou can try to replace weed with regular activities but there will always be that feeling where you just want to get high again.
I use Canna coco line and smallest pots.
Coco allows nice plants in small pots compared to soilfor vegetative phase I use 2x 12W LED 6500K, 1050 lm and small boxI also LST all my plants for bigger yield and growth controlafter 35 - 40 days vegging inside my small box I place my strong plants behind window and keep them there until harvest I use sun daylight for the last 2 months of floweringI can grow any period of year with this approach - but during summer I need to darken my plants if I want them to flowerBefore that I used 600W HPS and it was waste of resources, nutes, and human labourmicro growing is superior if you grow for yourself
Yeah, but OP says that he starts throwing up like some kind of smack addict.
Weed "withdrawls" are just "I'm bored as fuck and wish I had some weed" for a few days.
Then you just stop giving a fuck.
stop falling for the weed isnt addictive meme10% of people get addicted and suffer withdrawls
There are no physiological withdrawal symptoms.
You're likely mistaking weed withdrawal with nicotine (if you smoke mixed joints).
45293444529399trips and three dubs in a row.
Nice.
Blowing about 200 a week here on the good herb.
Cant think straight without it.
I chew my fingers to nubs and act like a weirdo when im sober.
Havent missed a day in 7 years.
Withdrawal depends on how much you smoke.
If you wake and bake everyday and continue to smoke until you go to bed be prepared for some weird shit like having problems sleeping and dreaming weird stuff very intensely(possibly nightmares)
Fuck you i had to do 30 days in jail for a roach when i was 30 because i told them to suck my dick if they think i would take 12 months probation
I mean 20
Irritability>Anxiety>Insomnia>Reduced appetite>Emotional lability>Being sad because you have no weed>Bad taste in mouth from trying to smoke residueThese are the symptoms of an addict in withdrawal.
Death will surely follow.
This anon knows what's up Stop smoking and you straight can't sleep the first night or two After that it's crazy dreams that are surreal as fuck
THE FUCKING DREAMSFor some reason I've never had erotic dreams in my life until weed withdrawal.
The level of dreams you end up having pushes things to new levels, and a lot of them end up being lucid dreams for me.
- 20 g per plantMy last harvest had 7 plantsI usually have many harvests per year because micro growing is such low maintenance hobby and I love discovering new phenotypes from my homemade seeds
Dude... you dont know what you are talking about just stop
That sounds like me when I used to smoke at night, not when I go through withdrawal.Weed is definitely addictive though, you get addicted to the feeling of being high and the dopamine you get off it.
Dopamine is a really addictive chemical your brain produces, weed tricks your brain into producing it, like most drugs.
dollars a month?
Holy shit anon how often do you smoke?
Schmuck buy a volcano
Don't start with liquor, it will wreck your life.
Start a hobby.
Buy a set of buttplugs in graduating sizes until you can sit on a 2 liter bottle of A&W rootbeer without trouble.
Probably only like $100 initial cost for equipment depending on your sphincter's current malleability.
I've been smoking daily since I was a kidDefine "kid?"
Maybe you started too early.
I've been smoking almost every day since I was 17 but I often quit for a few months at a time if I need a tolerance break, have to look for a job, or have an interruption in my supply.It doesn't really phase me other making me slightly more irritable and making it less fun to play videogames.
I take a rip from the bong every 30 minutes to an hour
Lol I've only ever had wet dreams when I'm off the bud as well They last a long time too not like weed dreams which are just the last hour or two of sleep
 500 a month on weed,]FUGG>this is too much.
Switching to hard liquorAlcoholic here - with daily 35cl Whisky habit - yeah desu that would be cheaper.
That or find a better weed dealer ffs.
I really can't imagine smoking that much, do you even get high off it or is it just something you feel you need to do?
Even smoking several days in a row can be too much for me
He thinks booze is cheaper than weed.Man are you about to go off the deep end
I get the highest quality sativano I dont get high, its mostly just to relieve my shakes, nausea and extreme boredom
/bThis is the 2nd suicide / feels thread today.
Stop it.
sorry that I bumped off another pajeet crypto threadIll think better next time

Jesus christ lol.
I smoke weed like twice a year, and its usually just like half a joint after exams 2 of the lads and we just chill after.
I ripped a bong once and was stoned off my face, everything went 2d and my eye lids weighed a tonne.EIther resistance builds quickly or you're a freak.
If you're intelligent, take acid once every two weeks or once a month.
Smart people learn discipline from LSD and know that other drugs can be crippling.
Otherwise, take a T-break from weed a the least.
30 days off, it's a great challenge and you save a fuck ton of money.
Buy ETH with the money saved.
If he's smoking dabs there's withdrawal and it's not fun.
Reminds you of opiate withdrawal but doesn't get as bad
I feel you bro I’m spending about the same a month as well
i didn't get addicted so surely no one does!Wow you're really smart, does your mom have an "honor student" bumper sticker?
Probably because you're smoking poppers you faggot Canadian
Fuck man I'm sorry to hear that, hope quitting goes well for you.
Just don't switch to another substance instead, just find a nice hobby instead like other anons suggest.
Am I the only one who trades high here?
Sometimes I make gains sometimes I fomo like the high retard that I am and lose.
What the fuck kind of shitty weed are you smoking mate.
yeah lol, and every time I've fucked updon't trade while high
Switching to not being an addict retard that cannot control himself when
I tried and I got fucked out of so much money I actually leveled up as a sober trader and found out how to make reliable money doing it by [spoiler] not listening to /biz/ [/spoiler]
>have addiction problems all my life>started with vidya when I was a kid>moved to alcohol and darts>moved to hard drugs and escorts>spend tens of thousands of dollars per year on my addictions years of this shit>went on a bad bender that put me out 3000 bucks and severely behind on rent/bills>cold turkey>been fully sober for close to a month nowdesu im really enjoying sobriety
People can be addicted to food, sex, alcohol, hard drugs, but not potDUDE
I spend like 200 a month and I smoke all day all the time way too much
grats dude, you are an inspiration.
hope you can keep it up when the going gets tough