90.000 euros loss with day trading/alts/shitcoinsIf you have made decent profits in crypto cashout and no turning backHave lost money, life, girlfriend, hair with this fucking shit manipulate by whaleslast week i have sell my car and allin on vertcoin, my last chanche for retrieve 40% of the losses

Did you fall for bcasb?
Learn how to trade idiot, serves right
it's chance, not chanche.
you have a gambling problem anon
you can lose and fail hard in this game.
be smart.
you can lose like me.
Making profits in crypto is easy>See what coin /biz/ is memeing>Short the coin /biz/ is memeing>See a one off post on /biz/ about a new coin you've never heard of>Buy said new coin, BUT DON'T FUCKING GO ALL IN ON IT LIKE A RETARD
easy?
and why you not are rich?crypto is big trap
lol you can't get bald over crypto...but yeah you can loose money, life, girlfriend
last week i have sell my car>>i have sell my car
last week i have sell my car and allin on vertcoin, my last chanche for retrieve 40% of the lossesThat's the worst attitude you can have.
You'll be digging your grave deeper and deeper by being emotional.
I'm holding 30k in crypto and my only investment was $350 spent on two AMD video cards back in 2014, I'd say my ROI is pretty damn good.
I would feel sorry but at least you have a car
sneakyshill i see you
This is a picker's paradise.
Read the BTC white paper and fully understand what the blockchain.
Understand what gives it value (decentralization and capped supply) and then use that information to find solid coins.
survived the biggest rise in market volume in the history of the market>it's easy guys
>daytradingthere's your problem
seriously I am 22 and why am i losing my hair like crazy?
can staring at the screen fuck you up so bad?
Do you workout?
Eat right?
I am jacked 220 lbs beast seriously
Only in a deluded mind would this be considered shilling.
Testosterone makes head hair fall off.
Google it.
It's one of the downsides of being masculine.
That's why people say that bald men are more virile
kekas if i cash outi made gains even in this stormyou would have been one of the guys cashing out at 8$ per ether
manipulate by whalesFucking generate Anglo-Saxon.
DIE you idiot.
Is this fake news what helps you get out of bed in the morning?
Holy fuck this place is filled with so many losers and head cases.It's actually the complete opposite you old white nigger.
lol

vertcoin is a retarded choice.
gtfi chain link.
you will lose everything with vert idiot.
LINK ruins life's.
When are they going to bring those scammers to justice?