I am getting justed with this shit, I want to move to alts, but question is every thing tied up with BTC in terms of valuation.
so if btc become zero, will my alts become zero as well?
how the value of alts and trading works ?
noyou are safe and btc will be 12k by december matebch 700
Alts will recover when BTC prices stabilize.
happy newsin this situation what would you buy?exactly.
hahahaha its tanking much more since the screenshot
I'm just a noob at all this.
I know what you just said has been the norm in the past, but why?
What's the underlying factor at play for this?
Could you point me in the right direction?I just want to learn.
Idk I bought a couple hund worth of LINK today I guess it's a good time to buy but who can really tell the future lolJust don't spend what you arent willing to lose and hodling is nrealy always better than moving around your money a lotDon't be scared if you lose a bit at first, things will recover.
It's simple, we kill the bitcoin.
Until it dies we cannot truly live.
Also it's fucking useless garbge with a $14 fee to join a 150k person waitlist.
Anything can be truncated to fit your narrative
BTC hitting $0 is already priced in, so you're safe.
but question, wht will happen to alts price when btc become zero, will it tied up to bcc ?
Seriously why would you buy alts right now?Lets say you have 250 bucks of bitcoin you bought at 7k, now that bitcoin is 5.5k it is worth 200 bucks and any alts u buy will be with 200 bucks not 250 so you not only get less as alts havent dropped in SATS only in dollar value because bitcoin has dropped.Example: You spend 250 on bitcoin at 7k+Now your bitcoin worth in dollars is 200~If you put in that bitcoin into an alt and it goes up 25% you made 50 bucks on your 200 and now you have gone evenDO THE MATH, GETTING IN NOW WHILE UR BTC IS WORTH LESS MEANS U BUY LESS OF THAT COIN FOR LESS OF HOW MUCH U ORIGINALLY SPENT AND NEED A BIGGER % INCREASE TO EVEN BREAK EVEN
A lot of alts dropped in sats.
but at this point , there are some alts for example eth, may not drop as much as btc, isnt it safe to put in eth until this btc vs bcc shit over ?
But when you are predicting the reaction of a market to the charts with the goal of anticipating future prices, it makes sense that you would look at a recent portion of the chart that includes the most recent candles.
That would require you to truncate the chart.
Your tokens have value, the value is currently pegged to BTC because it's the "reserve token of value" i.e., everyone 100% believes it has value so it has maximum fungibility (which means it can be sold/bought widely).
If BTC failed, there would probably be a shif to pegging the value of your tokens in relation to Ethereum, so you don't have anything to worry about, except that you and I and everyone else in alts are getting pwnd right now because of all this BTC business.
U r dumb
What is Etherium faggot.
We can buy every token with ETH and we can buy ether with fiat everywhere.
There is 200k unconfirmed transactions waiting in BTC right now with $15 fees.
You BTC maximalist boomers of crypto.
We will shake you off too.
Just like normal boomers who resists change.
True but not enough to offset the loss in btc type out some math and prove me wrong kid
Now that we have seen the BCH ceiling BTC is unstoppable foreverWHAT A DAY!
faggot I am asking atl valuation , dont brag bcc shit here.
as long as my $ values does not drop I am not worrying at all but since it tied up to btc, alts are bleeding.
I think everything has to tie up to $ in future so the alts future would be bright.
if alts tie to btc, they never grow or outshine these bit brother shits
bud ur fucked in the head smoke a j and jerk off