TA fag here Strong buy signals on $XMR painted on the daily chartPurely fundamentals, no memelines.I am bored and doing pro bono charts today, just ask if you want me to chart something.t.
worked in finance for 3 years and have traded forex for 8, crypto for 4
Can you chart XLM?
Thanks TA fag.
sure thing!
Monero is the true king of the shitcoins.What are your thoughts on ARK and NEO mate?
can you chart RCN?
Thanks TA fag!
Here is the XLM ChartA few things I noticed, this coin got pumped and dumped pretty hard, so it is going to be hard to see another massive pump without revolutionary news due to all the bag holders above 1000 sats.
Key things to note is that it is below 200MA, which is pretty strong buy signal for most traders I know.
However, it is still struggling to break the resistance line from the most recent pump, which is a pretty bearish sign.I would personally set buys in the blue rectangle and also buy on a breakout of the red line!
Hope this helpsMr.
TA fag
sure thing!do you want me to do both of these?
Could you do one on VTC too?
I need to believe
When we look at it in the weekly scope, we really see how hard it is going to be to naturally get back to 1000 sats...
ark pls!ty mate
Yes pls.
Great stuff anon.
SALT?
Here's the Neo one....Not much to say about this, looking for a slight retrace that could end up being turning into a huge dump if big holder start to panic around .00348 satsI would personally buy on either a breakout of that resistance line or anything under .004 sats to about .0038!Hope this helps :)
Anon can you do OMG please!
Some other anon predicted a breakout tonight or tomorrow wondering your thought on it.
Chart link/powr/digibyte/coss/kucoin please friend.
can you do XRP??
When charting in sats, how do you control for the fact that many, if not most, investors are thinking in terms of dollars, which would have a completely different chart?
And one on niggercoin please!
I would say that most good investors are not speculating in terms of dollars.
You buy altcoins to accumulate more bitcoin, never forget that.
ARK is interesting.The MACD is showing a bearish cross, but it seems to be bouncing around the support line quite nicely.
I personally wouldnt buy it at these levels... but if you were going to buy buy on any touches of that upward sloping support line.I would personally buy in the blue rectangle!
Some people do but most don't.
You can see that in the fact that dollar valuations are much more stable.
Take XLM, for example.
As BTC moons on a given occasion, the XLM sat price adjusts down to maintain the same dollar valuation.
Dollar values really are the standard.
That's why alts don't rise linearly with BTC.
personally pretty bearish on ark, big movement should be coming up though!
I would heavily disagree.
ALL altcoins trade against btc, so in essence you are "shorting" bitcoin whenever you buy an altcoin because you expect the altcoin to do better than btc.
This is why many people become bag holders, the do not realize they are betting against btc when they buy alts!
why is there the gay pride flag in your TATA is litterally faggotrybtfo
coming right upi'll do yours next
RCN :'(
Sorry I skipped you!
I'll do yours in a few minutes, making coffee!
If they 'don't realise' that accumulating BTC is what matters, then they aren't behaving in terms of that paradigm.
It follows that predictions made on that basis either won't work or, at least, will fail to control for the noise of people thinking in dollar terms.
And the evidence of the actual price levels strongly suggests that thinking in dollar terms is the way the majority of investors approach things.
Whether or not that's the best way of doing it is irrelevant because it is actual behaviour, not optimal behaviour, that dictates actual movements.
Only for USDT markets for popular coins.
why buy an altcoin is btc will just give you better USD value?
Very Bearish on VTC.
We could see some minor pumps, but ultimately I think it'll free fall due to MACD, Bearish 13EMA 30MA cross and it having had 600% quite recently resulting in a ton of sell pressure...As always blue rectangle would be my buy zone :)
could see a minor bounce off the 45k sat fib line, but it would not be great R/R to buy at that level!
can you do one on IOTA?
:D
what tools do you use anon?
Seconding OMG.
Why buy any share if Apple will give you better value?
It doesn't mean that people calibrate all their investments in comparison to the value of Apple stocks.
The simple reality is that the majority of people writing and talking about investing in crypto do not think that if BTC doubled in a time that their alt added 50% that they have lost money.
The fundamental anchor is still fiat.
You might think it is the wrong way to approach the market but it just takes a quick glance at this board to show that it is the way most people approach things.
So, given that lots of people do think in dollar terms, I'll ask again how you control for that when making predictions purely on the basis of BTC paired charts?
If you don't, that's fine.
It just seems rather odd to ignore that elements given that TA is basically a way of analysing human behaviour and ignoring the dollar peg is ignoring a large amount of the behaviour that is driving the markets.
RCN chart hereSuper bullish!
Good buy here and if it breaks out of the resistance line.
If we see volume pick up we should see a nice little pump, set a stop loss around 1093 sats
Thanks anon!
can you PLEASE do XRP (Ripple)These bags are so god damn heavy, please provide some good news, or at least tell me when i should cut my loses
This desu
if you’ve traded crypto for 4 years and are not a multimillionaire then you’re a fucking idiot
red squares are where I would take profit :)
can you do LINK and ETH please?
Still want this one but the major coins would be interesting too....including Bitcoin Cash.
I'm a TAfag in training myself.
4471868>I would say that most good investors are not speculating in terms of dollars.
You buy altcoins to accumulate more bitcoin, never forget that.With the extreme fluctuations in BTC tho it makes things so confusing.
0.01 BTC is a completely different value every day
Anon, can you do Link and Salt?Also, I see you use the Weiss Wave indicator.
I like 'Trades about to happen'.
Any tips on how to use the indicator or his method?Thanks.
Here is the OMG chartNot really sure what to make of it, we did break out of resistance but it was a super lame pump... not really sure what to make of it honestlychinkscam/10
Okay, I will be doing SALT, BCH, LINK, ETHAre there any other ones people wanted?Also if you want to support me follow me on twitter @ThinkingUSD :^)
I have another request: WTC.
IOTA
I have another question about your method: You seem to be focused on buying support and shorting resistance, what kind of stops do you use?
anon, i PROMISE i will donate and support you if you just help me out with XRP.
You don't understand how deep I'm in this shit.
i need professional help.
please..
i will do that as wellno need for donations, I don't really need the money :) I do this for you guys!I will do XRP next!
If anything just follow my twitter @ThinkingUSD
Hello, today was my first time trading (I did make profit and will go into it how) and I have few questions.Right now I'm looking to daytrade and am wondering if the biggest volume is always in the morning (European time).
If I'm correct, crypto markets all active 24h, while NASDAQ has its opening and closing hours defined?Given todays POWR rise, there was a lot of volume and momentum, which enabled me to spot ABCD pattern and make 12% profit out of it.
Given the fact POWR seems like a long-term hold and will rise, would it be smart to buy it tommorow pre-market hours and hopefully ride the first bullish momentum climb?
I've missed it today, but jumped in when it formed ABCD..However, I've plans for tomorrow to observe what is going to happen and maybe hope it happens the same as today.Is my thinking good?
Please, feel free to critique what I'm saying, trying to learn through my process.
XRP clearly about to jump up a bit after that huge red candle sell off during an uptrend...
Do Neblio if you don't mind, just want confirmation
Spot on!Good news for you buddyDaily is WAY below the 200MAThose pump wicks are super brutal though.We see a clear descending wedge, which is about 70% bullish 30% bearishTime to buy was a couple days ago, but if you're looking to add to your position I would add on the support line or any breakouts of the midterm resistance line!
We could see a big move in the coming days!!!!
definitely, a coin that it's super easy to get JUST'd on though!
trade safely
Will be doing Salt and Link nextthe ETH and Iota and finally BCH
OP not a fag>OP delivers>OP not a drooling retardWhat a day to be alive
So I could not find a Chainlink chart on tradingview... so I will be skipping that one, sorry.It seems like a scam anyways lolI still am retarded, good thing is most people in crypto are even dumber
do lisk please its in an ascending wedge long term with a top of 0.002 but reached a blow off top at 0.0015. what do you think?
Agree with the XRP charts.Fancy doing a XEM one TA-Anon?
Binance coins are on Coinigy, not Tradingview.
I understand if you don't have an account there.Why does it seem like a scam, though?
Not holding anymore, but waiting to get back in, so I'd appreciate your opinion.
It's not on TradingView since they don't support Binance which is the largest exchange it's available on.
What are you personally invested in for the long term anon?
I'm looking to put in 6k for at least a year without worrying too much about the market
k bitcoin 1k monero.
also stratis desu?
could you please elaborate on why you think chainlink is a scam?
Everyone and their mothers gardeners cousins dog walker knows Bitcoin is about to smash it right before Segwitcoin adjusts it's difficulty for the last time... You could save yourself some time and just skip it anon desu
SALT is pretty lame... the chart and indicators look pretty bearish.
Probably would not buy here
I would wait for a juicy BTC dip, and probably have a portfolio of60% BTC20% BCH10% Monero10% ETH/Litecoin
what do you think of lisk i have my life savings in lisk and stratis im scared desu AAAAAAAAAHH
4473852I hate stratis with a passion and i hope that shitfuckingcoin hits 0.
Will not be charting I hope the makers of that coin die.
Sorry.Will be doing IOTA then Bitcoin
Thanks.
My buys were all in the 30k sats range.
It's a fantastic long-term prospect.
Looking to buy more but waiting for the best price.
why are you bullish on BCH?
Oh, oh, oh—do FunFair!
nah man , that is too soon .
it will go side ways.
Bitcoin is looking super bullish, just hit a new ATHQuestion is can we continue the run and break through the channel or will the bears finally have their revenge?
Not neccisarily bullish on BCH, would just be a good hedge against your huge exposure to BTC.
Jihadi Jihan, Roger ver and their goons can fuck the bitcoin market to zero whenever they wants
unironically believing technical analysis has any merit, despite numerous studies showing that it is bullshit>no different than saying "the roulette wheel landed on black 5 times in a row, so it is more likely to land on black the next spin"Than you based technician.
I enjoy earning free money off you by setting my moving average to 1 day before your moving average
b-but what about lisk?
will lisk continue to moon?
IOTA...
Very bullishnice 13 EMA 30 MA cross Bullish MACDbuy on a breakout or a retouch of the bullish channel bottom support line!
Any last requests?
If you want to support me you can follow me on twitter @ThinkingUSDThank you guys for all the support and questions :)I will probably be doing another thread later tonight!
can you please do LINK?I know it's not on tradingview but should be on Coinigy.Could you also elaborate on why you think it's a scam?Thanks for the help!
Waltoncoin, but it's not on Tradingview...Oh, and one more, I/O Coin (IOC), which is on Tradingview.
I though of going in at the 28,800 support.
Listen you hocus pocus TA superstitious bullshit merchantIf XMR is less than $138 tomorrow I want you to create a thread and apologise for wasting everyone's time with your bullshit astrology nonsense.
Crypto doesn't follow TA rules.
Everyone can make money in a bull market, stop deluding yourself that it's anything more than luck.
can you do iOP please?
me and my friends are very interested.
4474255don't really feel like making a coingy account.
I'll try charting these later tonight most likely!
Chainlink just seems like a scam, personally I haven't done much research on it but it is very reminiscent of PosW and DGB, big promises, but no deliveries
Thanks, anon.And please answer my questions on how you use the Weiss Wave, trade springs/upthrusts and place stops, if you have the time.
Appreciated!
4474295If that's what you believe you are entitled to your opinions!
It has worked decently for me :)
Right so Weis wave is a volume indicator.
I use it mostly for sell indicators and also potentially buy indicators see picture for explanation.
I mostly use it for affirmation of what I want to do, not necessarily for prediction
will you make the thread if XMR is less than $138?
why don't you use a tripcode so you can actually be held accountable for your predictions?
We can compare it to the market average of crypto and see if you can beat it consistently
forgot pic
Was looking at XMR anyway, just got 10.Do you think this coin could reach 500-1k in the future?
sure!
let's say if it's under 230k sats by friday
i also post my trades on twitter@ThinkingUSDSo you can check my history/make fun of me there!
Have courage in your convictions if you think your TA is the real deal.
It's not hard to set up a tripcode.
If your predictions consistently beat the market average I'll happily admit I'm wrong
see the previous post, I post on twitter and I have never deleted a chart even when I am wrong...
Interesting.
So, a green bar with a red Weiss bar and a red bar with a green Weiss bar indicate a reversal.
I didn't see that in his book.How do you place stops?
Honestly m8 looking through your Twitter feed you might as well be flipping a coincba to go through and check each trade against charts but best of luck to you (luck being the operative word)
Yeah stratis is a piece of shit and i got stopped out.
It happens.
I also called GNT, VTC, OMG and a number of other pumps.
Where is YOUR trade history buddy?
Buying anything against bitcoin has to be about the dumbest move imaginable.
I bought ETH back in February and made 30xThats it
Also ZEC, GRS and Cloak!
wow man all in huh?
really great risk aversion.
Do Bitcoin C4$H just to freak these Coreshills out... Also make sure to highlight the point of the difficulty adjustment, we are making history this week
Hey OP, how about ETP?
OP why'd you ignore this 
OP, I just want to say thanks for taking the time and effort to answer all the queries from these people.
I'm now following you on twitter!
4472020you are one the people who is making other people richyou don't know what you're fucking doing bro
no USD pair = your entire argument is bullshityou are taking a position against BTC when you trade for an alt, it's as simple as thatthe dumbfucks who care about USD price but not sats are simply enriching everyone else
Some people do but most don't.They are called goyim.