0.034 btc hereWant to get a whole coin so I can sit on it for a few years and hopefully get out of this shitty home situation.Should I sell as much useless personal possessions as possible to make the 0.966 ?All my wages go on food, heating and petrol for my car so I can get to work, so I can't see any other way.Serious question, would that be worth it?
I'm desperate for a way out of this shit hole.
Buy BCH right now and thank me in 3 days when BTC difficulty gets adjusted.
Put sell order at 0.7.
Do it.
I wish I knew what you just saidAlso how would I buy BCH?
So far I only use Coinbase.
Create account at binance and tranfer your BTC there.
At Binance BCH has BCC ticker
Don’t listen to these noobs telling you to gamble on shitcoins to get more BTC.You should in fact just wait for the next large dip, and then invest.If you really want to go with an even higher risk investment than BTC (for potentially higher reward), while keeping out of head/tails bets (i.e.
either gain big or lose all, which is what most coins/tokens shilled here are about), I’d suggest XMR or maybe DASH.
They’re both coins that are relatively similar to BTC, but able to stand on their own due to some added features; they’re established in a way that makes it unlikely for them to go to 0; they have a good dev community; they’re relatively undervalued compared to BTC still -- but in the near future they might lose further ground.
In the long run they might experience more growth than Bitcoin.But like I said, if you don’t care about trading shit and all, stick to accumulating BTC.
And don’t panic on dips.
Thanks for that anon.I'm new to this shit, but I've been looking at the value chart on BTC and it looks like there's a big gain, followed by a dip, then back up again.
sort of like 'two steps forward, one step back'.
I think i'm gonna start selling whatever belongings I don't absolutely need in my life on eBay and put the cash it into BTC when it next dips.Thanks anon, might have just given me the push I needed.
Like previous anon said: stick to established coins for now.
XMR and Dash are good picks.
During that time, start doing research on some coins that can bring you some seriously nice profit (maybe invest 10% or whatever you feel comfortable with in it).
Take at Vechain ,OMG and IOTA (i believe these have potential)
This shit is .1 on binance.
You're telling this Dude to put his sell at .7?
Fuck off with shit.
It won't jump that high.
invest in some recent shitcoin on Etherdelta, set selling price at 1btc and hold.
What about buying ETH on Coinbase, then setting the alert to 1BTC?Would that work?
Yea cause crypto is sooooo predictable.
Its not like anything can happen amirite?
Good day, OP.
Have you ever considered selling the BTC you have, as well as all of your physical possessions, and investing 100% of your capital into CORE?