Have a lot of money to invest.
Shill me some good 2018 coins.
will give .01 to whoever gives the best answer
OMG, ARK, NEO, REQ
BTC
ETH
Litecoin
BTC when crashed with leverage X2, simple
will neo moon?
Eth
Yes
Lisk.
News the 22nd, rebrand soon after, SDK close.
a huge mooning imminent.
The best 2018 coin will be BATno joke screencap this
Put a bit (not everything because that would be stupid) into Chia whenever it's available in 2018.
Different mining method from PoW which will be less energy costly and almost anyone will be able to mine since it uses free HDD space to mine.
Less Chinese miner control with that.
Creator claims no hard forks ever which means no BCH/BTC situations can occur.
Mostly into it because something that changes how mining works is a huge selling point given how much energy PoW uses
XMR
Vechain: low market cap and huge partnerships.
Only a matter of time before it will boom.
BTC adress: 16my744XivWPJhj5qnE6zFurueoLyV5xd
Exactly.
I don't want people looking at my transactions.
REQ/Thread
why tell biz
OP you should mandate that they give a reason.
it's too easy to just type three letters of some shitcoin.
I mean it's not like anyone's actually getting that 0.01 BTC anyways.
Still it would be nice if people actually put some logical discussion into their shilling
yeah you're right.
So far thinking of eth or xmr with 4449368but not set yet on my choice.
I'm looking to make at least 10x here
OP I've done a lot of research on back channels and these coins are the ones going to go 100x next year...NWYZOJLLODGBthese have potential but I'm not convincedXXTLDOPASKEETXRP
https://medium.com/@darkmuban/flik-price-analysis-why-its-heading-to-15-00-2d162bb9a03bNot a joke.
16my744XivWPJhj5qnE6zFurueoLyV5xd
REQ is a good long term hold, big backing (ING and YCombinator) and big goals, if nothing else it will pump like crazy due to the hype, even if it doesn't deliver you can still sell the rumour.IOP has a big time ahead, lots of news and stuff being released, tiny tiny mcap (4.3mil) that is sure to go at least 3x soon-ish.
DYOR for 5 minutes and you should find all you need.
Probably a short term thing, but the tiny mcap means it could go parabolic.CND might be a decent quick gain, they want to create an AI that will give out investment advice and you'll pay for it via their token.
New exchange and first iteration coming soon, should go up quite a bit and again a small mcap, 21mil is really tiny once they have a working product (they already have a working app that you can use to predict shit for their AI to learn via machine learning).Doubt you'll deliver but then again an OP once did actually deliver so who knows (you also didn't say what it was, everyone assumes BTC but I bet you're being clever and it's 0.01LTC or something):1CcesRPAG6FqL4tTWMD7bxKL28vWxH5BGe

unironically BTC
Monero (XMR) or get rekt, best privacy coin for all of time.
btc and xmr.
maybe a small amount of omg.
don't buy any garbage binance ico shilled in this thread
nuls for lambo
Powerledger is pretty innovative, its a token on the etherium blockchain that integrates asset management.
The main point though is that it has integrated electrical/utility industries into its capabilities.I think it will go up, as a useful application.
I think it got funding from Aus gov though.
1HzcKwEtsiDDrchu9nVq6G6EVZgQfBjt3n
I'm thinking the same.
Is there a real reason to invest in anything other than Bitcoin?
That's the one all the normalfags are interested in.
Until it's seen that something is changing the game up for crpyto?
No.
It's just an enormous gamble that you probably shouldn't take.
When you can tell that something is beginning its true rise you should have enough time to switch and still make good gains
the ad-pocalypse
BTC: 3312WpYyvo7JkmeQ36fyc5hc2TkL3sDV3fGo Neo
Chancoin, MAGAcoin, BitbeanHere is address: 37Yb6uiU1CwcdbGk6e3oQ6JYUmEXR2aygG
Top kek
IOC is releasing DIONS in one week.It hit around 115k sat for it's ATH, and is currently sitting between 35-40k.1Dj4Dj4gnu8NLNb38yAXzbrUBaAHkX4GMv
Drop a little in DOVU.
Jaguar Land Rover did.
It's supposed to be a token for car "micro-purchases" such as gas.
You can also use it to track any car you're interested it from the assembly line to you.
No more shitty used car scams.
Zencash.Keep your money I'm already going to be rich
You want the best answer.
ETH and XMR.
Don't bother with the extremely high risk, high reward of the shitcoins.
It's not worth it.
It's fat hogs getting too greedy or poor people taking moonshots.
ETH is on normiebase and is right next to BTC.
Guess what gets a bump due to association when the normies arrive?XMR is going to be used by the same people that used BTC.Those two and maybe chinkcoins such as (NEO,OMG,BCH).
RequestNetwork (REQ) if you want 10-50x in the next 6 months or so.
Looking for a great performing coin for 2018, eh?Sumokoin.There you go.My BTC address: 1CoWSRTUZ7X8Yzhoa3nFz25scLynQFNjdP
SALT, have have brobtc: 1LaXqKM91NHu7GNtbaNTDkDVEpenU7Yq2p
LinkLinkLinkand Linkif you're not all-in yet you're a retard