As of right now, the initial BCC pump sent every shitcoin core holders into panic, which made transactions clog up, are now finally being confirmed.
However since they just received their bitcoin, BCC has already dropped significantly(over 50%) from ATH, so they will think that the flippening failed and send their btc back to their cold wallets, thinking that this is just a P&D ruse.
Bitcoin has already survived 2 dips, so this will return to normal right?
No, this is a bull trap, the miners will switch right back after the fork, and BCC will pump again massively.
Emotions will be in overdrive as normies realize they were wrong, and panic sell the moment they can get their shitcoins back on exchanges to sell, even if shitcoin core recovers, because what if it happens again?
What if hashpower never returns and I can't sell while it's dipping?
This will be the final nail in the coffin for shitcoin core.
Now get the fuck in Bitcoin Cash while it's still low.
And no, I do not have heavy bags for any of you retards out there, I bought in when it was 0.05 sats so I'm still in massive profit.
what is marketcap
It’s BCH you fucking idiot
Its BCC on Binance you fucking mongoloid.
4337337And Bittrex, the #1 volume exchange.
So go fuck yourself you faggot.
Bittrex is King.
4337337lets be friendly here guys
Bcc is bitconnect you mongoloid
So you say clog due to panic.
Hmm
thinking that this is just a P&D ruseyou "think" it wasn't?lol
Sorry to break this for you but bch is a shitcoin that will fail, this drama just damages the whole cryptocommunity and every outside investor who was intrested in it.
To think that pnd was organic growth is just delusional
It won't fail, it's the real bitcoin, and you would know this if you read the whitepaper.
Also, normies ruin everything they touch, so if this does end up causing a bear market for crypto, I would be more than happy to pick up coins for basically nothing.
We need smart investors in crypto again, not normalfags that don't read the whitepaper, don't do any research, and have no real interest in blockchain technology.
Normie investors are the ones with weak hands that will crash any market on a moments notice, not the early adopters.
lol
This.We dont need the same people buyin "muh bitcoin core" now in 2017, when they still clung to their fiat after 2008 and 2013 "financial crisis".Buyin bitcoin Core in 2017, you deserve to stay poor and feed the banksters.
Better profit now comes from Diamond (DMD) you can earn$ 80 a day with just one Masternode
You want lambo-land moon prices?
Get every damn person using crypto.
BCH is aiming to do that.
BTC can't even handle a couple thousands transactions.
You want to keep BTC, then step aside and make way for the real moon mission.
BITCONNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEECT
Ye I would if I had the money, too bad it costs fucking 80,000$ just to get one.
There's no way it will maintain the price with so much inflation
BCH IS GIVING ME BITCONNECT FLASH BACKS AHHHHHH