Where my HST bros at?Are you ready for $1?
Post your price prediction and the ETA!
locked and loaded.
Should've sold last Monday for a good x3 profit.
Now holding bags -_-
getting a 404 on etherdelta .. anyone else?
pajeet coin confirmed
Noice.
How many are you holding mate?
Only got 7.5k hereNo worries, mate.
We're not even on binance/bittrex yet, there's still a big room for growthYep me too, can't load the pageRakesh can you give a rational argument why is this a pajeetcoin?
Only pajeet will use it for voting.. government will remake a crypto for voting and none the less all votings are rigged anyway!
just lmao at pajeets voting party
Disappointing so far, hope things improve.
been holding for some time nowhopefully it will do right by me
Ahahaha nice explanation mate>Only pajeet will use it for votingNope.
HST was presented to the UN in New York.
The clients that HST is aiming are NGOs (Non-Govt Organizations), companies for AGMs (Annual General Meetings for shareholder), local communities and small elections>government will remake a crypto for votingSure.
It only takes a few days and a couple hundred dollars to build a decentralized voting platform based on blockchain technology, right?
Easy peasy /sarcasm/ in case you didn't get it>all votings are rigged anywayThat's why decentralized voting platform like HST is needed.
That's the very reason why HST concept will be useful in the near future.
Mate, this project is only 6 DAYS OLD.
You didn't expect HST to hit a $500MM market cap in a week, right?And we're not even on binance/bittrex yet.
Don't forget that.
"The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient."
Our patience and faith will be rewarded, anon.
salty pajeet shitcoin bagholder detected
throws out shitty argument about HST>gets a clear and rational explanation why HST is not a pajeetcoin>replies with "salty pajeet shitcoin bagholder detected"Never change /biz/I guess it's true.
You can't fix stupidity.
you mad I just trolled you?
hm thanks for this anon i need to take closer look at this coin.
Anytime, mate!
Join the telegram for more discussion: t.me/horizonstate
so is this coin already working?
as in the voting platform is ready to be adopted?
has there been any adoption news or have they said anything about that?
I heard they're gonna announce their clients in late December, so I assume that their platform has already been used OR is almost finished.Do join the telegram, the people there know more about HST than me.
I'm sure the community can help answer your questions.
ty anon
My pleasure, anon
Comfortable holding this for the next few weeks.
Bought a bunch at $0.28 and $0.29.
Holding til $1.00 most likely.
Need to make back some losses from LINK
I actually like this coin.
Its very white-knight-ish, good idea and execution, very solid.
But... hegemonic mofos dont want righteous elections... right?
Thats why I think it wont raise very much capital