Hahahahaha...you're fucking kidding me right?
Satoshi's nightmare
store of value
Mfw literal pajeet poorfags complain about having to spend 10 dollars to send 1 BTC ($6,800) or more anywhere in the world in under an hour
>walk into coffee shop>"Bitcoin Accepted Here">walk up to the counter, order a Hot Latte.0006 BTC>scan QR code.0037 Transaction fee>wait 1 hour for confirmations>latte was cold
What about people who wanna buy things with their btc?
They should spend $20 to buy a $1 item?
Core cucks are delusional.
This is the future right guys
you just don't get it anon.
if people can easily transact with something then they won't value it.
because reasons.
To quote Luke-jr: "just use fiat"
congrats core you made something worse than western union and payday loans, and that ain't easy
B-----but anon it's a store of value.
go buy a different coin if you want that.
BTC isn't for peasants anymore
implying you would need to wait for confirmationsFucking whyIf the transaction is in the network and there isn’t a mile-long backlog, the money will arrive.This is almost like saying>pay with a check>wait at the register for 6 days as the check clears
How about I store my value in a coin with lower fees?That way I can spend my store of value also.
Yep, I was considering buying BTC from my bank and I saw the transfer fee would be $5.I started to get really angry about my bank being a ripoff.Then I remembered the BTC fee itself would exceed that for every single action.
:DDDDDDDDD SO GOOD :DDDDDDDDD
latte was coldFucking lost it right here
walk into a coffee in 2010>by coffee and a muffin for 60BTC >Still crying yourself to sleep in 2017 everytime you check the bitcoin price
It will be for peasants very soon
I never understood people with this logic.If you thought BTC was going to be worth anything you could have just rebought your supply.
o_O
BTC is still vastly cheaper and faster than using traditional wire transfers to send large sums of money If you want to pay for a fucking coffee, just use cash you weirdos.
If you're buying a lamborghini, or a house, or an island, then the fees will make sense... And that's exactly where we are going lads.
I use a shift card wile all this muh block size shit is figured out.
fucking delusional.
coffee purchases were the exact metaphor butter were using for peak adoption of butts.
4371140Future owners of million dollar pizzas right here.
i know your post was sarcastic, but it's literally the truth.
does gold transact easily?
Gold transacts trivially over short distances.
Fast and anonymous.
Yeah well shit changes.
Use a different crypto to pay for your coffee (lmao) or stick with cash.
nice qualifier.
what about long distances and what about very large amounts of it....
I see it the other way around, that people won't transact with something they value, example for fiat high interest rates will result in less spending.
I have never actually understood how BTC could ever truly make it in transactions as well as a store of value, they're opposing forces to some degree
a representation of work or energy expended will lose value because of its liquiditycant make this shit up
Satoshis vision everyone, inconveniently slow and expensive transfers
buttcoinCOPE
1 hourKekLiterally 36 hours if you're lucky
BTC could ever truly make it in transactions as well as a store of value, they're opposing forces to some degreeNot at all.
Things derive value from utility.
A "store of value" doesn't necessarily mean something that's hard to exchange.
Ultimately, if your $100 Bitcoin requires a $20 fee to hand off to someone else, it's a very poor store of value.
do you think debit transactions instantly clear?
lmao/biz/tards once again showing they know literally nothing about anything ever
BTC is shit as an instant transaction medium and BCH is just pushing the issue farther down the road.
Don't support either.
Support the idea of letting the kings be replaced
I know we were talking about the fees etc but that's not really what I meant.
More that the best store of value has essentially what boils down to a good interest rate or whatever other term you want to use for it.
Let's use a shit ton of imagination and pretend the cash rate on the USD is now 50%, everyone knows their money will be worth way more next year, the opportunity cost of spending it becomes fucking massive, literally everything grinds to a halt, nobody goes to work.
Now look at bitcoin, 1 year 1000%, if there was any reason that looked likely repeat or anything fucking near, who the fuck would dare spend it?
Literally the only sane reason to spend is muh bubble.
It's moon history builds, again and again outperforming fucking everything and cementing itself as the best performing store of value the world has seen.
Where's the motivation to transact at all?