Dear /biz/,I am a new member of your lovely community, I would like to say thank you for all the 'kek's and all great /biz/niz advice you have provided noone.I have a sincere question to ask you great minds, specifically the ones in Canada.Which exchange do you faggots use?
Also I keep hearing of banks not accepting transfers from exchanges?
Am I fucked as a Canadian and will I be able to enter the crypto market?
Quadriga cx, kraken also does cdn dollars.
but the banks freezing transactions?
you hear of anything about that?
https://www.quadrigacx.comAlternatively you could just send me some of that sweet maple syrup and ketchup-flavored Lays ya hoser
Is it really such a problem for canadians and americans?
Why use banks?
Buy on localbitcoin or atm, send to an exchange, trade.
And to cash out do the same in the other direction.
Or do exchanges block IP addresses by country?
(I have no ideay because I can do whatever I want in switzerland).
wait you guys dont have ketchup flavoured lays?
I keep reading that the banks are freezing transactions from crypto exchanges that is what worries me most
/crypto/
This is a great contribution, thank you for the free bump, friend.
A >FUCKING>LEAF
This is a great contribution, thank you for the free bump, friend.
a new member of your lovely communityHow do I know your not a redditot?
Say "fuck niggers and jews" so I know your not such a raging faggot and then we'll talk.
fuck niggers, jews, faggots, trannies, shitskins, liberals, hillary clinton, bill clinton, and king nigger, obama.
Ok Ok. Well done.
Now tell me your thoughts on Trudeau.
prime minister socks?retardnice hair tho
quadrigacx dot com is the largest exchange in canada
4300959honestly, im in alberta, how do you think i feel about trudeau?
No, and fun fact, Hershey forced Nestle to issue them a perpetual license to produce and distribute Kitkats in the US only, which is why US are different from Kitkats anywhere else in the world.
Much in the same way we forced Cuba to issue us a perpetual lease for Guantanamo Bay.Could happen, but also any exchange could go belly up at any time and you could lose all your crypto anyway.
This happened a few years ago when BTC first became big, look up Mt.
Gox.The safest way is  but of course there will be a delay in going between dollars (fiat currency) and crypto.Are you trying to day trade for short term gains or long term hold?
any issues with banks not accepting transfers though???
mix of both, i would like to be able to exit shit quickly if i see it going down quickly?
Okay fine.
So basically you need to first get your fiat into crypto so your best avenue for that is Quadriga.
But you will have to do everything short of providing your DNA and fingerprints for verification which kinda sucks.
I.e.
pics of license and you holding license etc.
Once your verified transfer CAD into Quadriga buy ETH, then transfer your ETH into an exchange that actually has useable volume for trading.
Quadriga does up to 15 million a day in volume where bitfinex for example does over 900 million in daily volume.
So once you choose another exchange to use transfer your funds there and trade.
(i still have not decided on this account yet but I'm leaning towards bitfinex).
Then to withdrawal transfer ETH back to Quadriga and use them to get back into CAD fiat.
That's the extent of my past week of research.
thank you kindly!did you already exchange into crypto?have any issues with your bank ?
So will everyone else, so it will involve luck if that happens.For example, say you want to buy 10 BTC.
A good idea would be to keep, perhaps, 3 or 4 of them on an exchange, and the rest in a "hardware wallet," meaning you download the BTC to your local computer and move them to a USB flash drive, encrypted, in a secure location such as a safe in your basement.
That way, you could save at least some of your holdings if a crash happened, but you can save some if a particular exchange disappears.If you buy on localbitcoin or via a Bitcoin ATM (which are relatively uncommon in North America), you could get coins on the exchange without giving up your banking information to them.
You could then transfer the BTC to other cryptos like ETH or LTC.Correct.
Daytrading.I want day trading.
So i can't do local f2f cash trades every day.regards, another anon
A while ago I am possibly bought some crypto off of coinbase at ridiculous fees using my credit card.
Recently I transferred the ethereum out of my coinbase account and into the quadriga account to trade with, but this was not a lot less than $500.
Unfortunately quad is being a Jew because ever since all of this recent hype happened they have suspended the availability of using a bank wire to deposit money because they had them listed at 0% fee so now they tell you to use one of the funding options that you have to pay up to 2.5% fee which is so bullshit so I am waiting until the bank wire deposit option becomes available or I may have to suck it up and pay the 2.5% fee to deposit my funds.
So to directly address your question I did not have any issues buying crypto with my credit card through coinbase because they were small transactions but I have not yet transferred a large portion from my TD account to quad.
4301169thank you fellasappreciate all the info, i have to run to workthank you again
Impulsively* I used voice to text so yeah..
Has anyone heard of quickbit?
My friend started using it and i am still iffy about it, been using coinbase.
Use mybtc.ca man, you'll be in contact for your first purchase and they quick as fuck.
Tell them tim sent you for a little discount :)
The prices are ridiculous and not anywhere near competitive.
Fuck off.
will that link steal my links?
I love leftist logic, "the stats are racist!"