>Sold in the mini panic>have to wait to go all inWhen's the next dip psychicanons
that was the dipyou soldget ironhands
Fell for the fud.>Got bitfinexed'd>Sold everything at 7800.>Now at 8250It's going to go back down, right?Bitfinexed didn't take all my btc, right?
Tether is a scam, right?
That was the last dip before 9k you dip
Never going below 8k again.Just buy on low leverage and wait for 9k.
I was comfily sleeping during the dump and woke up to comfy gains
If Tether is really a scam, it will keep pumping BTC's "price".
But, in the end, it won't matter because you will never be able to cash out.
Only a few people will be able to cash out (mostly "insiders" and people involved in whatever is going on behind the scenes).
Then, like in any scam, the scammers will disappear with all the real money and leave you holding fake "tethered" tokens.
At this point, I am sure the websites and all contact information of the exchanges and even Tether itself would probably disappear from the internet as well (confido style).
So ummm... you can keep holding Bitcoin, but I do hope you didn't buy it for anything more than 3k.
if you got in at 7k or whatever, I would conider cashing out the initial investment, only keeping the "profits".
Until it is proven that Tether and Bitfinex can be trusted, we should all be cautious.
"whe in doubt, stay out".
Just some advice.
Do whatever you want.
Just don't complain if this shit hits the fan and you get dirty.
I gotta say... if this scam does prove to be true, the pink wojaks will be priceless.
If you made the call to get out, then hold onto that fiat.
If you're wrong and coins keep going up, you're making a certain loss via missed opportunity, vs potentially a whole lot more if crypto market did crash hard.Enter in after news/fud gets fully processed and market changes later when it's safe to do so.Real losers are the ones who enter in by buying high after selling low, repeated forever until they lose everything in a bull market.
Wait until Friday.
Stay in Monero for the meantime
>sold the dip>implying you won't do it again
Join this pump and dump group: https://discord.gg/tRmpdFAThere is a pump coming in 1.5 hour.
>not buying the dipc'mon mate
The whole point of the scam is that BTC will keep going up until it pops.
It could be 9k, 10k... 50k.
Assuming there's no ethical concern, the question you need to ask yourself is what you fear most: losing out on potential gains or losing part of your current investment.
tfw I unironically only buy/sell eth/btc in euros now as a result of all the tether manipulation
It seems like only a btc forks and big coördinated media fud can really slow down cryptos in general.
In any other condition, a coin portfolio with some diversification between btc, big name alts, and some promising new stuff will just go up and up when you zoom out and look at it in weeks or months.
I like long-term holding a core portfolio that I only tinker with a little bit also, every time btc takes a dip, I leverage up to buy a bunch more coins then de-leverage out of that when it looks like a new dip is starting.