I'M BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK BOYOS.!
We still have another 2k to go before the real ATH.
*Blocks your blockchain*
This
*blocks your chain*

you wishhahaha
Cashies are the new Linkies
Red Lips, standing by.
me too!
The flippening is just a matter of time, corecucks.
There's nothing you can do to prevent it
just let me know before we leave for the moon.
i dont want to scratch my glasses
4405912Back to your Containment Scam, Foul Beast!
There's nothing you can do to prevent itYour new difficulty algorithm seems to be doing the job fine itself
Be Gone, Witch!
also is it cold up there?
don't moon yet i need to get a jacket
You should use a tripcode.https://www.4chan.org/faq#sectrip
Hasn't realised that it's actually the nail in BTCs coffinSay it with us - CHAIN DEATH SPIRAL 26TH NOV
Fueling right now.
Stay Frosty.
I thought it was death spiral when the switch happened?
You guys seem to like putting these things off
I was actually working on the STS Program when that happened, Faggot.
Not remotely funny.
Then just like now, scammers like you were making and passing bad parts.
They just kept shipping them to us until one got through.
FUCK (YOU).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQR0bXO_yI8
This is the ninth and final dead cat bounce on BCH.
even if you are dumping at 80% loss, I suggest you do it now.
Only warning.
You said you would return with an specific image and a timestamp.
Do you think Roger Ver and Jihan Wu are going to try anything else?
bleached buttholes, as far as the eye can see.
That was for one Anon who specifically asked for it on a private email.
I am vetting him at Presidential levels before sending it to him.
What to buy to recover?
Ltc?
They will.
We are ready.
LTC is refueling with BTC.
They are Gold and Silver you trogladyte
Ltc is safe.
Bitcoin is better.
We are going further faster.
But Ltc.
is a safe place to hole up and lick your wounds.
I warned all of you.
Many times.
We have Main Engine Ignition.
They are Gold and Silver>Muh stupid analogies
Alright w/e.
Lost too much with bch, just got into ltc now.
Looks like a good time to buy.
Just testing chamber pressures.
Don't get excited yet.
dont buy anything yet i just ate dinner and i have a degenerative problem with my intestinal lining and beef really gives me gas
and the shills came back right as the chinese wash traders did
gtfo reddit tripfag
Shh - your ignorance is showing
GDAX on its 3rd approach to 8000
You can show yourself out, or Wetworks will.
call it whatever you want, but LTC is a necessity for BTC to be viable as the block time is slow as fuck and costs an arm&leg compared to LTC.If you want to move your crypto from exchanges or to others, LTC is the fastest, cheapest, and most reliable method, and it always moons when BTC levels back out.
get comfy, both are blasting into the stars
........2..........1
Ah I come from a Jewish family, which of course you already know, because Kyle's from the same family.
I like to read, and I have these polyps on the backs of my hands - I don't know what they are

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7afHlKCdBQY
That Operator looks familiar.
Blocktime resolution incoming.
You read it here first.
Aaaand, something else, Kiddies.
Stop investing in scam icos.
save your neetbux.
"Super Bitcoin" Fork incoming with Block time resolution designed in for Bitcoin.
This time, it is not an attack, and will put the last nail in the coffin of the attacker.
Were are physically and literally going to the moon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G_Gw8rbihY
Wow.
That just now was the shortest lived Dump Attack in Bitcoin History.
They got r9kt.
which exchange?
Bitrex.
Came from Boganstan.
>have to wait until Wednesday or Tuesday next week to buy my first BTC with $7500 depositBy then it will be like $9k and I'll only get .9 of a BTC or some shit REEEEE.
Is there going to be a dip any time soon or is 7.8k the new dip?
*Bittrex
My apologies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLPr7RqTFo0&list=PLv3TTBr1W
tripfag
There will be a substantial dip @ $11890, much like the last two spaced 2K apart.
It will likely fall back to high to mid 8k.
Can confirm.
Bitcoin will reach $8,200 tomorrow afternoon and very likely break $8,000 in the next 90 mins.Love,Lain
failed to reach 8000 this time, walls are beginning to form, this might be finally over
rd run failed
Your new, so I will tell you a story most here know.
When I was but a wee Lad, I was given an Abstract Reasoning Exam that stretched in to days at the Thunderbird Institute.
I was recruited immediately.
The only one to ever have a higher score in the history of the Institute was an Colonel in the 944th at Luke Air Force Base in Glendale, Arizona.
So no Btc for 5k ever again?
*sad panda*
This is the sixth time we have approached the 8000 dollar markAnd we have become exceedingly efficient at it
Looks bad, crash will be epic
why do people look at anything other than bitfinex?
they have the most volume for btc by far, they move the price.
A repeat of the 7650 and 7763 dips.
Quite the opportunity.
bitfinex are not a serious outfit bc tethers.
Bitstamp are an example of a serious exchange.
Sorry for the Dip, Lads.
Had to yank the carpet out from under Lain.
this is MY reality.
4chan pass
 of Chubs.
Kek.
We shall see
Breaking News.
Is that you taking out their troops?
Downside: 20 year horizonArchive of story: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:https://www.forbes.com/sites/panosmourdoukoutas/2017/11/15/bitcoin-prices-could-reach-196165-79/#c6740f31669e
In 20 years it won't matter if I'm a millionaire or not lmao, it's fucking over at that point unless you're 10yo right now.
Ah!
The plaintive bleat of the childless as another faulty genetic path hits the Great Brick Wall
Too Soon?
Upside; 5 years is a quarter of that.
I'll take it.
Your move.
Checkmate in 2.
Yeah that's the problem, I have no kids yet and being a millionaire at 45 isn't going to change that.
Been hodling since you were a mere crotchety old fart: checkmate was three moves back
Yup.
Will be giving all the grandkids 100 sat for a four year degree.
Don't forget inflation!
100 sat in 20yrs will be ... 100 satHave a good nite time for me bed
Sacrificing your queen is not a good move.
You sure about that?
Welp, I got my ATH.
I'm headed for bed.
Will wait till everyone digests and consolidates that, then I will be back for the next ATH.
Good Night, and Good Luck.
Doesn't matter if it dips tonight, I will sleep comfy knowing that, as usual, it will be back for new and greater ATHS.
We still have 2K to go until The Big One.
$8,040 reach.
Suck it bitch.Love,Lain