>mfw all the cryptards get audited for skirting income tax on capital gainsYou're all going down
back to /pol/
Back to /federalpoundmeintheassprison/
1.
Incorporate an Offshore (eg tax free) Company.
Ideally this Company would be characterized as an IT or etc Services Company (eg you could call it International Coding Services Ltd)2.
Open up a Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency wallet in the name of the Company3.
Open up a Cryptocurrency Exchange Account in the name of the Company4.
Transfer all Cryptocurrencies you hold in your name presently to the Company’s Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency wallet5.
All future trades moving forward should be placed by and in the name of the Company6.
Open up a Corporate Account for the Company Offshore7.
As you generate Trading profits take the Company’s Cryptocurrency to an Exchange and have it converted into hard currency8.
Transfer hard currency held at the Exchange from your Company’s Exchange account to the Company’s Corporate Bank Account9.
You should be appointed as Consultant of/to the Offshore Company10.
Periodically (eg monthly or quarterly or yearly, whenever you feel is appropriate) you would invoice the Company (and your invoice would be stated as being payable in hard currency eg $USD)11.
The Company would transfer hard currency to your personal account at home upon receipt of the invoice The end result?
Money is banked at home without your home country bankers knowing that the source of the money is in fact Cryptocurrency Trading/Speculation.
This seems....unethical
Yea and how are they going to find out you stupid fuck?
I missed the train and im really bitter about it
Literally not one bizturd does that.
Nice try
Oh no my huge stack of $300 in crypto.
Guess I'm going to jail.
hmmm what's this random income here anon>hmmm your bank reported this transaction to the IRS because they're required to by federal law over a certain amountWhat're you going to do, keep it in your wallet your whole life?
Enjoy getting indicted for securities fraud and tax evasionT.
FINCEN
Or you know.... you could just pay the taxes?
Implying any bizturds actually do thisPost your income tax return faggot.
You know you didn't declare the income
can't pay capital gains tax if no capital gains
This is how most rich people do it.
Its really simple as you can see.
This only issue being is that it is only worth it if you have large sums of money because of the cost to start up and maintain the money.However since the cost is fixed it's cheap as fuck for people with millions and saves out a lot in taxes.
rich peopleI'm not talking about rich people, I'm talking about bizturds
You’re an idiot