Thoughts on what Teeka Masala's pick is?
Some shitcoin him and his whale friends accumulated during the past month and now they are ready to dump on normiesubs.
Powr.
Or not, either way, powr dumps tomorrow
It's POWR - already jumped from 28 cents to 40 cents...
Dunno probably powr which sucks because it’s worth a lot more than a pump and dump group will give it
Rlc.
BAT has been in pathological accumulation mode ever since it came out.
It's going to get "recommended" by one of these P&D figureheads eventually.
It might not be the next one, or the one after that.
But I'd bet $10k Mr Masala has a hefty bag of that shit.
Extremely hot take: PBC coin is CFD, $10 by next month
IOC is releasing DIONS in one week, pretty obvious.
We ready figured it out.
It's SLR.Nick Gogerty is the cofounder of solar coin who has a huge MIT connection, is an energy derivatives trader and is connected to the "Lykke" project which teeka also recommended.
From the SLR github.
MIT
Lykke connection
Winner, winner, Teeka Masala chicken dinner!
SLR traded on Lykke exchange
He said he won't be talking about energy coins anymore
Energy derivatives trader
No he did not.
He said he would not give any more hints in advance.
Volume shot up from under 50k per day to over 4 mil on October 21st.
This happened BEFORE teeka gave his tip about his next pick.
This was just days after the zencash announcement.
It's him and his buddies moving their gains from ZEN into SLR, there's no other explanation for a pump that huge.
And it's not POWR.
POWR wasn't even out yet when teeka gave his recommendation.
It's an ERC20 shitcoin and SLR has it's own blockchain.
Not that I like either, they're both shit.
I'll dump after the pump but will set a stop-loss for SLR on the off chance that I'm wrong (I'm not)
No he didn't.
He's not going to change the pick after filling his bags with a shit load of it.
He would lose a shitload of money and it would also piss off his paid subscribers that bought SLR based off of the hints he gave.
I do believe that he will no longer give hints in the future though.
This is the last one that we will get beforehand.
If SLR is the pick I expect it to be good long term news for POWR in the Australian market as well.
Possibly.
Definitely not short term though.
A lot of people are holding it because 4chan shilled it as the PBC pick and it will get dumped when they realize it's not.
If you hold POWR I'd recommend selling before the pick and buying back in after the dump.
Good luck.
Is SLR listed on Binance?
Bittrex
you know powr rose because its a good coin with good fundimentals right?
Its nothing to do with the PBC.
It really doesn't, look at its marketcap do you think this is some pump because of some PBC rumours?
What if the pick is both SOLAR AND POWR?
It would make sense
I didn't say that.
I'm only talking about the PBC pick.
Maybe POWR is a good coin, Idk.
I'm only interested in making money off of the pump from PBC.
And like i said, it will definitely take a short term hit regardless of its fundamentals when people that are holding it because of PBC realize they're wrong.
You said POWR will dump, it won't since the people who bought it bought it because of the coin itself not the PBC, it therefore will not dump
Come on man.
Look around biz, a lot of people think it's the PBC pick.
Like I said maybe it is a good coin, but you can't deny that fact.
Yes it will not go down a lot because it's market cap is 140 mil, but it will take a small hit.
You're right, "dump" was probably a strong word for it.
Not trying to burst you bubble, but POWR has nothing right now.
The token is to buy excess power from FUTURE, YET TO BE BUILT communities that might produce excess solar power.The grant from the government was only $8 million, which will be a drop in the bucket when building entire communities from scratch.Once the communities are built, years from now, if they produce excess power, it can potentially be bought at a discount with POWR tokens.
If the price of the tokens has been driven up so that it is not economical to use the tokens because after using them, there is actually no discount, this token will have no value.
This can be said for many of the higher marketcap coins, it doesn't matter if a coin has nothing going for it yet, this crypto market is speculation and hype.
Most coins have no working product yet.
You'll be proven wrong once the time comes of the PBC release
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give backThe first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
testing
yo you are funnyI'll bite1Kv7iPqHfQa2YqhisiSnSJ2Y1DohrUAHQj
First you said people bought POWR because it has good fundamentals.
Now you're saying people will understand it once it's revealed as the PBC pick.
I will admit, I haven't looked into POWR but it's probably shit.
SLR is shit as well.
In fact, 90% or more of coins right now are shit.
Im just selling SLR at the pump to buy more LINK.
No doubt
I was responding to the suggestion that even if this is not the PBC pick, it is a "good coin".My point was not that there is no working product yet, but that not only will it take many years to have a working product, when they do (if they do) if the token price is so high that it is not economical to use it to buy excess power at a discount, it will be worthless.
Therefore, the lower the price of the token, the more likely it will actually be used to purchase the excess energy.
ok its me, got dubs, you there anon?
linkOkay now I know why you think powr is shit, you're not going to make it like most of this board
Does Microsoft have a coin?
Bill Gates is building a "Smart City" near where I live in Arizona that will be entirely solar powered and have autonomous vehicles etc.
Wonder if it will use cryptocurrency or POWR/SOLR tokens
Dude he's not sending you anything.
I can't believe people fall for these giveaway things.
Save yourself the time man seriously.
Wow so you come here and talk about POWR having good fundamentals and being a "good coin" and then shit on LINK.
You wouldnt know a good coin if it smacked your mother in the face.
Please tell me why you think LINK is shit.
I beg you to give me even just a few sound arguments as to why.
POWR is in West Australia, so I doubt it.
People need to read the whitepaper to understand what the project actually is.
Look here, I've invested into POWR and made massive gains already, if I bought into link I would be bleeding, I'm here to look at what the massies think of good coins and you're not that.
I am able to do this and make money by choosing the correct coins.
Also buy NULS and EOS if you want to make money, sell your shitty link, its just only known here by a few people.
Nothing in your comment about why LINK is shit.
You're chasing a bunch of coins and making money off of them which is cool, don't get me wrong.
I prefer to find what I believe is the next big thing and invest a good sum into it.
Different trading styles is all.
Good luck.
I can't wait to see the SLR/POWR dumping tomorrow.
They already announced they are not going to announce the solar based coin with this release
Are you a sub?
Any proof?
L0L0L0L Link delusion needs a fucking peer reviewed study... no use case no news speculative garbage coin which wont rise for at least 12 months
This guy is full of shit.
Everything I've seen points to SLR.
There's been a bunch of people picking up SLR over the last 24 hours, which makes me think Teeka Pajeet is getting ready for the pump.
are you literally retarded?
he already said he's not recommending any energy related coin in the next issue because of the leaks.
that's the fucking reason why he postponed it until monday.
This.
There was never any actual evidence pointing to POWR.
Great that it's mooning though.
no he didnt you fuck.
that was a fake.
the pajeet who made it used the already known info that the pick was delayed to sell his lie
4453643
Confido.This ones a real winner and is undergoing rebranding.
the fork was supposed to happen on the 16th.
Thats why he delayed the pick.
That had been announced at the beginning of the month before it was cancelled
fake holy shit you guys are retarded
Fuck tikka masala and his faggot friends
buy btch up to 1400, no stop loss.and remember, let the game come to you!
NOT TRUE!
Yes, I am a subscriber!
That is NOT why he postponed it.
It had nothing to do with his pick.
BCH 6 gorillion, no stop loss.
the fork was supposed to happen on the 16th.
Thats why he delayed the pick.This!
lmao this is so fake.
I'm a sub and no such announcement was made.
He delayed b/c he wanted to get in one final round of hype to get more subscribers before closing enrollment until next year.
That being said I really do believe he won't recommend either SLR or POWR even if they were the pick.
The values are already too inflated due to the 4chan shilling.
Too many new folks signed up and he wants to wow them initially.
Eventually SLR or POWR will make the list but not this time.
Sell for a profit while you have the time.
Both WILL dump once they are not named...
That looks legit, can someone post the real email announcing his delay then?
Obviously there was one, so without a counter email, then that one would be real...
nice bags lmao
Its fake.
Heres the real one.
It was delayed because the fork was supposed to happen on the 16th.
So, if I understand the facts thus far then, there is massive evidence that SOLR is the coin, less evidence that POWR is the pick and a volume spike in SLR immediately following last months Zen PnD?
FACTOM

Correct.
It won't be Factom because it is already on his hold list with a buy up to price.
It was added in March.
It’s CIVIC check the telegram channels
He still recommended ZEN last month even though the price was well above his buy up to price by the time the newsletter came out.
His advice to his subscribers was to wait until the "dumb money" sold and the price dropped below his buy up to price to buy and hold long term.
+1 for this.
Factom.
Civic
How would they know?
They are speculating and not even considering the information that Teeka himself gave as clues last month.
4457966
it is LOOPRING accumulate it now before it moons
Factom is already on his buy and hold list.
He won't recommend a coin that he has already recommended.
They may have called it but they don't know what the pick is because the newsletter is not out.
Civic CVC confirmed as the PBC coin.
Insider info brud
it's civic.enjoy the moon mission
Here comes the pump and dump group.
All posts within 5 minutes of each other claiming a leak that its CVC.
It's not.
Nobody believes your bullshit anyways why even bother.
Then again people here believe in the "giveaway" threads, so...
Forget i mentioned it.
Continue.
Is there a way i can add you or something and we can talk, you seems to have it figured out
http://dci.mit.edu/assets/papers/15.998_solar.pdfSolarCoin PBC pick, just watch.
>>Screencap<< Don't stay a wage cuck forever.
Even if SLR is the PBC pick, it doesn't matter.
POWR is superior to SLR in unfathomable ways, and doesn't give a shit if it's some pajeet scam pick or not.
Zencash idiots
Now that's what I call Autism: Volume kys
I heard its FENXhttps://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHThis is about to moon 100x listing on exchanges next week.
this guy is literally running a 90s era boiler room.
jesus fuck look at this guy go.