Can someone explain what the fuck happened?Bitcoin literally died?
What don't you understand pajeet?
Bitcoin cash verified shitcoin.
Hitting new 24hr lows each minute.
Salt mines at peak production.
liquidating all bcashDID DAY KILL DA BITCOINS U GUISE!!!!
Other way around.
Bitcoin cash received a beating from bitmex and btc a boost
Don't worry.
Ver has a 10k buywall at .1.
Holy shit
yfw he pulls the buywall right as it approachs .1
this means bitmex is keeping the bch and giving btc because they think bch will be worth morestraight up robbery
why not let the users decide?sketchy as fuck
No, they're dumping the BCH on the market.
Why would anyone use an exchange that will dump your own assets on market instead of giving it to you?
I'd be fucking screaming at those fucking thieving cunts.
If you want to, after they plunge the price to hell in the megadump you can buy back more than you would have recieved originally.
CASH KEKS BTFOBITCOIN (BTC) ON THE RISE!
10K IS NEAR!
All that BCH is going to get mopped up by whales accumulating.
WTF do you think Ver is doing with his 50 BTC on the exchanges right now.
"We've seen so much loss today.
Probably best to pull it.
"Who said it best: Roger Ver or Lucky Larry Silverstein?
they found out bitcoin keks is a chink scam and are cutting their losses
They told users to not keep their coin on bitmex because they would not credit them.
They are doing them a favour actually crediting the bch
I'd wager that Bitmex have already sold off at the ATH, and are waiting for a damn good low to give out the BTC value.This is probably why there is no date given when they are giving the BTC value, but I bet it's just as it starts to pump back up between now and the end of the year.Think about that for a moment...
RIP bitcrash
Read their FAQ retard, bitmex only deals with Bitcoin on user accounts.
It should have been obvious they would do this.
i doubt it.
they just added 20x leverage futures on bch and i'd imagine they plan to use it.
they can cause this coin to dump straight to hell at any moment, and they'll know exactly when to short it for crazy profits.
i would not want to be a bch bagholder right now.
The BCH guys figured their hostile fork would force miners to switch from bitcoin to shitcoin, pushing down the price of bitcoin and causing chain death.Good plan... except the big institutions holding BTC sold into US dollars rather than BCH.
They got out at $7000 and bought back in at $5500.Now everybody but the shills and bag-holders has abandonned BCH.
shitcash is less desirable than greenbacks
i dont want to shill anything, but bithumb almost doubled the 24h bch volume and this roger guy posting about his wall.. i really dont know what to think about this
you could think "market is being manipulated because nobody really wants that shitcoin except because it's being pumped"You can try to take advantage of retards, but if you don't, then you're the retard
hostile forkSegwitt was hostile, bch was friendly.
Starting to doubt the validity of this entire statement now..