In Australia we have a generous system called HECS which allows us to pay for university on a "loan" like system.
Essentially the government pays every penny and you only start paying them back automatically when you start earning over ~$50,000 annually.
There's no interest, but it is indexed to adjust for inflation:>Your accumulated HELP debt is subject to indexation, which is applied on 1 June each year to maintain its real value by adjusting it in line with changes in the cost of living (as measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) figure released in March).Anyway, I have the opportunity to take out a loan up to the value of $6,450 on this system.
It would be subject to all the same rules listed above and would be deposited as cash straight into my bank account.My question is, should I get the full amount and put it in a managed fund or similar product (i.e.
Vanguard)?If the loan is only indexed for inflation, surely I would be in the black right?By the way, I already have a large HECS debt after completing my degree (~$40,000) but have about $15,000 in savings.
Take it out and put it in crypto unironically.
Don't chase biz pump n dumps.
Do your own research and start investing.
I did this with my us federal student loans at a much greater risk than the one you'd be taking.
I've already made enough to pay for all of my student debt (which I've already cashed out into USD in case of a market crash) and I currently still have around 15k to keep playing with in the cryptomarket.
no interestFuck I didn't even know that.
Is there any incentive for me to pay my HECS debt off quick?
Still in uni atm so it doesn't concern me right away but nice to know.
Don't chase biz pump n dumpsThat wasn't my intention.I would just put it in a conservative managed fund and leave it there indefinitely.
Is there any incentive for me to pay my HECS debt off quick?No, assuming wages continue to be adjusted for inflation also.
paid mine off a couple years ago, should have fucking bought ETH instead
The HECS loan is the best loan you will ever be offered in your life.
0% interest whatsoever.
To my understanding the government just deducts payments towards it once you start earning over a certain thresholdYes OP you should def invest.
Considering youre aussie, and understand how fucked our power sector is, you should look into Power Ledger (POWR).