A pump from 6500 to 7300 in 24h and still losing hashing power (BCH will soon break 25%).
Don't you understand what is happening?
OG Bitcoiners not just cucking cuckstream, but also cucking the wallstreet bankers they bought in to back their play.With nothing but fucking proof of work.Epic.
(OP)This is basically my reaction also
bch is starting to get real comfy
That's just bitcoins last breath, nothing to see or to worry about.
Soon bch has majority of hash and eat bitcon alive
Remember that tweet from Jihan a few days back where he urged Blockstream to reconsider?
It's too late now.
This will set the markets back a few years, but at least Blockstream Coin (b-coin) will die.
the king is back idiots
Satoshis vision of a decentralized currency will survive, bilderbergers btfo
Can anyone tell me what these code talkers are saying
haha let's see you hold it with no hashpower and stuck at this difficulty for two weeks

Two weeks with no hash power will be 2 decades.The crazy King has to die
im actually mostly in alts atm but i just want bch to fail
Whatever you do don't sell your BTC then.
Because that way we properly fucking purge you for the ignorance you've displayed.Never buy an asset you don't understand.
durr hurr fuck BCH even though my alts go down with BCH XD
What the fuck?
If this is accurate, how the hell can BTC survive?
If BCH is centralized isn't it worthless no matter how fast?
Suddenly the FBI/IRS/CIA/DEA/etc,etc have a single point of failure to raid/blackmail if they ever want to put the brakes on things.
Why is BCH different from e-gold?https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-gold>After vigorously contesting the charges for a year, in July 2008 the company and its three directors entered into a plea agreement.
Dr. Jackson pleaded guilty to "operation of an unlicensed money transmitting business" and "conspiracy to engage in money laundering".It looks like your just lubing yourself up so the Alphabet Boys can have their way with you when the time is right.
It cannot.This is what happens when you fuck with the economic incentives of the system without understanding them.They did this to themselves.
Now we're just cleaning up the body.
bch is a scam, like bitbeans
LMAO @ all the cryptonoobs gobbling up Rogers BCH bags at the moment :'D Mwhaha xD
It's not centralised.You need to understand proof of work.
Properly understand it.Go back and read the white paper until you have attained satori.
Core cucks refusing to pull the plug on their shitcoin
SoV bro... i'll use ETH for transactions and not your slow chain.
Also, the difficulty in bch will increase little by little.
If the kill the Chinese and all Miners we switch to cpu mining thanks to New algo
It can't in it's current form.
Core's only hope is to increase blocksizes and change their difficulty readjustment algorithm.
In other words, they need to become a clone of BCH.You could wait for that to happen, or just buy some BCH now.
It's still quite cheap.
They will probably push an emergency fork at some point
What this mean Where do you follow hash rate?
This means nothing to meIs this just an autistic circle jerk or what
>WE ARE THE BCH MARINES
/reddit/
25% in..
core hard fork without 12 months careful planningcredibility, so is that like a card, or what?
It's not centralised.It literally has a CEObittox.com/2017/11/13/bitcoin-cash-official-statement-ceo-rick-falkvinge/
Next stop $10000, then it will dip again and people will pretend it's the end of bitcoin, then it will break a new record
he's larping lmao, please do at least 5 minutes of research before shitposting
That is literally a parody of self important blowhards declaring themselves self important titles.
BCH is crashing as we speak
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/people-feel-better-bitcoin-jim-142200922.html Watch the video you cockheads
Jim Cramerlmao this fool is still around?
4378079Eh whatever post fork bitcoin cash it crap anyway.
Thank god we have a new fork so Satoshi's vision™ can continue.
BitcoinClashic is the real BCH!
And still 25% of miners are on it.It's not really crashing btw, it has strong support at these levels.
you just, like, don't get it maaaanWeak answer.If the kill the Chinese and all Miners we switch to cpu mining thanks to New algoSo... Why not do that today?
Why wait for TPTB to make the first move?
Why not upgrade BCH now or just switch to whatever altcoin is using this magic CPU algo?
The current incarnation of BCH is still worthless.
Dat square chart, I'm fomoing
This thread makes me laugh so hard.BCH vs BTC, who the fuck cares you beta virgins.Alts are the real money.
I hope both die and ETH replaces them.
lol this guy