"You did buy LINK, right anon?
"What say?
Kek, this is getting beyond pathetic.
This coin is stagnant and wont move for a while, and when it does move it wont be the 40$ per token you idiots think it will be.
This isnt fud, look at the charts, look at the team, look at the community interaction, look at the marketing.
Yeah I know, they dont need to market because the product sells itself, sergey is god, blah blah blah.
Keep holding losers, while i make steady money and buy into link when it is smart to do so.
look at the teamshit FUDMicrosoft and Apple were both a 2 person team to start and look at them
Keep holding faggot.
Like I said im busy stacking money and will buy into link when it is smart to do so.
Tata faggot
You sure are angry for being so much smarter than us anon,,, hmmmmmmmmm...
I'm ready with my dark link
DAMNNN i like this anime chick mascot.
Probably because i like short haired girls.
Lets make her our official LINK waifu.
busy stacking moneywhat he really means is he is trying to multiply his 500 bucks lol
What are you making money with currently?
Thing is LINK isnt worth more than 0.20$ at the moment but overnight Sergey could release actual partnerships and stuff that will skyrocket the price per token.
I really dont like holding this atm but I wont miss the moon
Sergey announces partnership with SWIFT>mass adoption immediately>price goes down cause SELL DA NOOSE LAWL
If he released that CL network is up and running and that Swift + others will be using it, more people would want to buy it than bagholders looking to sell off
I hope he doesn't announce it until REQ moons a bit so I can get a PC for a node
lol glad i'm not the only one hoping my req bags moon first
Just saw your post, here she is if you ever want to use her.
You'll probably want to clean it up a bit better.
while i make steady money and buy into link when it is smart to do so.>mfw FUDders FUD but admit they still want LINK
Also, if anyone actually decent at GIMP wants to clean it up for me, I'd be very grateful.
yup.
even the biggest FUDers admit that it will moon at some point, lmao.