I noticed the boards not filled with Bcash posts.
It's almost as if biz was astroturfed the other day...
no shit, someone said this exact thing would happen and no one believed him
we are waiting for the next rally.
If BCH is a shill and pump and dump tell me how BTC is better and ill switch over right now
Probably cause they bought in at 2600 haha and killed them selves
Protip: If a post uses the term "Bcash"/Btrash/Bcrash instead of Bitcoin Cash, it's likely from a paid core shill.You can setup a filter up top to hide these posts automatically.
so obvious how the (((shills))) come and go to anybody thats been on this board for more than a week and has half a brain
hey roger!
thanks for last nights pnd :) made a killing when i set shorts at 2k and moved it right back into discounted BTC
Limited block size helps prevent centralization.With unlimited block sizes the mining difficulty can increase to a level where only large scale miners can mine profitably.
Then this cartel of miners has control.
Deluded.
HAHAHAHA NICE TRY FUDBitcoin Cash updates difficulty better than Bitcoin and Bitcoin was never meant to stay at 1mb blocks its in the white paper tards.
If it is in the white paper to increase block size then why would that be if it causes centralization???
That's cause it doesn't cause centralization fuck face.Centralization is pushing users off chain to profit off the transactions
its funny how core faggots have no facts LMAOOThey are the Libtards of crypto ffs they trade with emotion not facts
there are literally people on this board right now who paid 0.43 BTC per BCC.
It's not even half that right nowkek kek kek
This is an absolute load of horseshit.
Any proposed block size increase today would not centralize mining one bit.8MB?
That's nothing for anyone here.
their cell phone downloads more data in a second.
Keep in mind too only the block headers are needed for miners to get going- which is just 10% of a block!Unless you're mining in pajeet-land, larger blocks don't affect centralization one bit.
Yeah, if we went to 1GB blocks tomorrow there'd be a problem, but no one is proposing that.Whoever is going to blow money on a GPU or ASIC is not going to be trying to mine with a dialup connection anyway.
So basically you admit it would centralize, you just don’t think it’s too bad?>yeah if we went to 1gb thats a problemFor the very same reason any block size increase is a problem>yeah but most people can handle larger blocksCompletely disregards the rest of the world Centralization
Not really.
Bcash is better aesteticly than typing bcc or bch or whatever it's symbol is.
BITCHCOIN CRASH FUCK YOU SHILL
for that very reason and block size increase is a problemI don't see how it is.
Regular people can not compete with the mining ASICs either way.
BTC is already a centralized mining coin.And the block size is not the issue, the issue is people having to save the entire blockchain.