ATH 24hr volume and one of just a handful of coins outperforming the ETH ratio.
this coin is finally waking up.
anyone else comfy?
Its just getting started.
Wait till it hits okex.Wait till colossus drops.Wait till it lists on copay for the normies.Wait till it YC shoves it down the throats of millions of normies.
How high will we go?
Gimme some real price predictions.
c.
$100 by EOY nice i just bought 100k fagit
Oh yeah baby.
But please pajeets, contain yourselves this time.
Every time you go full retard and use dumb copy pasta to shill this coin it drops.So, filthy animals who read this, please, dont overdo it with the shilling this time
Be serious FAGGOT, what is an accurate number for value if this thing reaches OMG market cap?
Legitimate price prediction would be .15 cents by friday.
Announcement time tomorrow and Q4 doesn't have much more space so I can see a Colossus announcement.
This coin is literally primed to take off just like POWR once there is a date for one of their main milestones.
2018 1 REQ = 1 Lambo
OMG has about 17x the market cap of REQ.
From a 1:1 comparison if this grows to the market cap of OMG, we are looking at $1.20 per REQ token.
This is something VERY possible over the course of 2018.
Any decent size partnerships then b market cap wont be unrealistic.
At that point you're looking at $2-3 per REQ token.
Oh and this isn't accounting for token burns...Just relax and accumulate.
Don't worry about the FOMO rallys or FUD drops.
Oh I'm not, I'm definitely holding this until 2019 unless shit hits the fan (ya never know).
How do you calculate price estimates anyway?
u guys are pretty funny with lambo.Went to job interview at a crypto-mining company, LITERATELY a orange lambo parked outside, fucking loled at WHEN LAMBO meme.
Same.
I have around 111k and plan on buying more every dip.
The calculation above was a simple and rough one.
I just took the 700M market cap of OMG and divided by the 46M cap of REQ.
That's about 17x difference.
Take the current price of REQ $0.07 x 17=~$1.20.