Bitcoin is under attack.
Heavy manipulation is going on.
We must do something to stop these elites!!!
Who here has ideas!!!!!!!!!!
Clog also Bitcoin cash.Oh wait, you can't..8mb blocks.Get rekt Blockstream noob
BCH is the real bitcoin and it broke $1300.The blockstream kike subversion of a coin is going down, it has been a long time coming.
Same thing any sensible person did in tge Sptember dip:1Wait for it to bottom out2 Buy some3 ???????
?4 Profit
BCH is a fiction which will be good for making some short term profits right now.The BCH blockchain is dead, nobody is buying or selling using BCH.
It has no value other than "people are panicking and willing to buy it".This is not going to end well for anyone.
stay salty corecuck
That literally says nothing at allHoly fuck you are truly a chink retard
On the long run centralized, bad tech will be worthless and decentralized, good tech will be priceless.
I don't really understand what's the problem here?
Haha oh wow, so it begins.
You can only trade BTC, ETH, and their discount market coin for USDT.
Top kek
WE CANT LET THE ASIANs get rich!!
they are scamering us
We must find shitoshi.
He'll know what to do, he has a "vision" after all!
they can do shit against the fundamentals of math.
bitcoin corecuck is the real scamhttps://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800https://cointelegraph.com/news/lightning-network-will-be-highly-centralized-gavin-andresen
After all this shit show not hearing a word from Satoshi makes me really really sad.
He may be really dead.
He got all the fork coins so he in the end can decide anyway
the onyl way to stop them from using bitcoin to destroy the entire crypto market... is to create memes about bitcoin until it literally becomes an irrelevant shitcoin and dies off... otherwise, the old money fucks will win and centralize the entire market.
bitcoin corecuck is the centralization coin
we do what they did in Saw
you know that centralizing a secondary layer is far better than centralizing the primary rightand that centralizing the primary will only come from big blocks?no?yeah i didnt think you'd know that
Alt coins are the future.
They are tokenized businesses with interest paying through smart contracts in some cases.
The ideas that they are coming up with can be global replacements for many industries.
This is a shift in perception and what is possible on this planet.
This opens up investments to corners of the world where money has always been under control of dictators and therefore could not exit their countries.
We are truly early adopters.
Anyone who thinks we have even begun to see the impact of these "alt-coin" mechanisms is deluded.
Go all alt now or you will be like these people wishing they could have bought BTC for pennies....
let it die off.
bitcoin was developed as a meme coin.
same as doge
Nobody cares about "smart contracts" and shit, ALTS ARE GAY AS FUCK
you made my day