I'm the guy that posted here yesterday about my Forex Strategy with a up to 92% win rate.I wanted to give out a potential money maker: short EUR/USD now, set TP at 1.170.
I'm pretty confident in this trade.
Probably gonna hit within the next 12-24 hrs.
Keep this thread alive if you want to thank me when you're drowning in money in a bit.You're welcome.
2 more trades:Short EUR/NZD, TP @ 1.7Long NZD/USD, TP @ 0.704
Bump
hello i am 12 what is USD?
i know BTC
go back to ur social trading crap dipshipwe dont take kindly ur kind in herealso, saying u got money and shiet doesn't make it any true
???
Wtf is social trading?I use probability.
I have a high % success rate in all my trades.
Today I won 9 trades, lost only 1.Posted proof in pic attached.
Currently an open trade as well.Just helping out and letting you guys make money.
You should be thankful.
Hello I'm a fellow fx trader.
How much pips do you risk vs how many pips you earn?
Are you using price action or some kind of indicator?
How often does your setup occur roughly?
Just curious.
I dont visit thos board often but the last time I was here there weren't any FX traders.
Posted proof in pic attachedI don't see anything.
Usually 1-1 risk reward ratio.
But the trades I've mentioned above I wouldn't set that RR ratio, I would just set TP at points I said.
If you don't see the trend going towards it within 12-24 hrs, I would manually close it.I use probability.
No indicators.
Just some basic renko charts.
nice just bought 100k
nice just sucked 100k cocks
Ok but how many pips are you earning daily on average with each trade and how often do you take trades?If you show me your traded I'll show you mine.
Was trying to get the screenshot on my phone, ill just take a picture of it.I also have a short open on USDCNH.
And the positions I've mentioned in this thread.
I usually take any currency that my setup is showing on.
Except exotics, those motherfuckers fuck me with their spreads.
What the hell platform are you using?
Why can't I see your lot sizes?
Also you never answered how many Pips you earn on average after reaching your TP.I actually focus on trading gold.
I'll show you some cool trades if you answer my questions.
Retarded graph.
100% loss compared to a 100% gain will not only hurt you psychologically more but also financially.you dont seem to understand basic mathmoron
Oh whoa didn't see your 100 pips there.
Very nice.
I try to go for either 10 pips, 20 pips, 100 pips depending on the timeframe/currency being traded.
1:1 risk reward.You got open positions?
No closed out.
Here guve a sec and I'll show.
But my buy position happened to quickly and i never got a chance to screen shot it.
1:1 risk reward.This is pretty bad.
You need to work on this honestly.
I'm not trying to talk down on you as you can do big trades but when I first started I would risk like 3to1 even though I would win maube 8 or 9 times out of ten.What you're doing is obviously better than what i was doing but its hard to grow your account if your losses are really big.
Good thing you win very often though.
IThis is my sell from yesterday, i didn't get the full 100pips as i was asleep.
Looks like I caught that long you had on gold as well.
My 1:1 is fine because I have an extremely high win percentage.
Fucking indicators man.
can you link your old thread my man?
would be greatly appreciated
How long have you been trading for?
This is the position I closed out this morning.
Maybe started learning back in 2015.
Took me a long time to get any decent.
But there were a lot of flaws in my trading.
Many of them personality and emotional wise.I took a break from trading for the last year and just started again recently(yesterday).
I was still checking the charts daily and improving for the most part except maybe a few months I didn't check at all.
This is one of my coolest and longest trades.
I normally focus on gold.
I don't have any other recent trades but I have a ton of screen shots from trades I took last year.
What brokers are best for forex trading?
see Also, what do you mean you trade by probabilty?
Do you have a model that picks your pairs and your trades?
I'm wondering about this as well as we both caught the same long position on gold today.
Bumping
Ok wait.
Am I retarded?
It says your gold trades are 100 pips but that looks like very small movement.
from 1280 to 1281 that's 100 pips
So I'm retarded?
I've been thinking my 1000 pip trades are 100 pip trades all this time....
How many pips is this one.
I have no idea how to count this shit.
It's 100 pips, with gold you should just count it as 10 times less.
Also, just closed USDCNH.
Also closed EURNZD short.Opened another EURNZD short with TP I mentioned in OP.
Also opened GBPUSD short and USDCAD long.
Still have only 1 loss today.
I go for 10 pips most of the trades.My system is simple, I tested different setups, and the one with the highest winning probability is where I enter.
I just look at renko charts, try to see if I can find patterns.Currently working on getting a programmer to develop an EA based on my strategy.
Since my strategy is a lot of smaller trades, it'll help.EURJPY is my best currency, around 95% success rate.
Usually get a setup once every 2 days.
OP here btw.Also opened EURJPY short.
All the positions I've opened have a 10 pip target, except for EURNZD.
So then4367653That's 500 and 1000 pips?
All this time I've been thinking that's 50 and 100.I don't really get how to count pips since a bunch of pairs are weird like gold, oil, and yen pairs
That's 50 and 100 pips.My 100 pips gold position should count as 10 pips.
Ok how many is this oneI have no idea why they all count differently
Today's haul yet: 9 winning trades.
1 loss.
4 open trades: 2 winners, 2 losers as of now.
about 500 pips
Closed USDCAD with 10 pips loss.
link to prev thread?
Cool post OP ... thanks for sharing .
I will look into further.
Stay at home Dad fag... drive Uber Lyft for extra bucks ($3-4)k month that is extra dough... wife pulls $200 k I need something to put that play money into.
wife pulls $200 kdamn you hit the jackpot holy shit
Doesn't sound as cool as 5000.
But that pair trades weird like it gives less money or something iirc like how usdcad does.
Do you ever get many other FX traders in your threads?
Last time I was here there weren't any other FX traders really and the few people in the thread I made were pretty hostile.
There was one cool guy who would post pages of trading literature history and shit.
He seemed pretty knowledgeable but I figured this board would drive him away quickly
I don't trade forex but I'm interested in your probabilistic model.
What kind of model is it and how did you develop it?
It's technically 500 pips.
But I would count that as 50.
Nah just living life raising kids... like everyone else.
Finance degree used to be an corporate finance fagThe Uber Lyft is fun and I do it 3 nights a week or so.
Best month was $5k .
I drive smart and only hot times.
wife pulls $200 kWhat the hell does she do and how did you find her?
What's it like having a successful waifu?
I want to meet and date successful women but as a beginner day trader there isn't much opportunity for me.
Project Management IT... she’s climbed the ranks.Met in college.... she’s my best friend and awesome!
Oh and she’s never ever once used the word mine or seperate etc... you couldn’t meet a better person.
I truly did hit the jackpot even put all that monetary BS aside.
Why bother with FX when we have Crypto?
she’s my best friend and awesomeYou're very lucky.
As far as "playing with money" don't.
I'm not saying you can't learn to do it but take your time and learn before blowing all your cash and getting divorced.
It takes time just like any other skill.
Thats just my advice.You might want to look into safer investments besides day trading which is extremely risky.
I’m seriously plotting I want to put the Uber / Lyft money at risk and see if I can multiply that shit.
$3-4K .. let’s say do $2 k monthly to playThinking crypto or other stuff
Got it well stated.
bother with FX when we have Crypto You do understand that once your crypto goes too main stream it's going to be traded similar to everything else that's main stream right?
Essentially what I'm saying is if you can trade one main stream thing you can learn and do another.
To my limited understanding they all kind of move the same way.
Trying out the demo mode on forex.com just to fuck around.
How do I set a dollar amount per pip so I can actually make good money scalping?
>tfw when having too much fun posting about trading and waifus and miss a great entry point Well I need to sleep.
I'll look for your threads again OP but I don't often visit this board.
Sold 50k GBP/USD 15 minutes ago, holy fuck holy fuck, how long do I hold this shit?
Just closed EURJPY and GBPUSD with 10 pips profit each.My stop orders for upcoming trades if you're interested.
I try to maintain the pip distance(how many pips until the trade gets executed) under 30 pips.
If it goes above 30, I move my buy/sell stop up/down 10 pips to get back within 30 pips.
see It would be cool to know what you're using, even if we don't get all the details.On that good night.
So pic related is how it looks after adjusting those pairs over 30 pips distance
I'll answer this in a sec.Today
so the submitted price column is your entry price?
Forgot to attach pic.Yes
I think he said hes just looking at the candle sticks for patterns which is essentially price action whether or not he knows.4369314>try to maintain the pip distance(how many pips until the trade gets executed) under 30 pipsNo clue what you mean by this but try using your stategy on a larger time frame for a larger amount of pips for similar risk as you're using now.Careful with demo trading as it teaches you very very bad habits.
If you want to actually improve using a demo you can't treat it like demo.
Use a demo account with how much money you actually have in real life to afford to throw away.
Then trade your demo as if it's hard earned cash.
/g/ reporting for duty.
Been writing on an automated trading system for stocks on the MBT Api.
Including regression analysis, trend spotting, TA, backtesting, etc & ofc trading.Let's talk biz.ocnjfbfdr@tinoza.org
Not candlesticks.
Rangebars/Renko bars.None of that indicators + Support/Resistance bullshit.
I don't know if you could call it price action becaus I never read into it and don't know what it means exactly.What I meant by the 30 pip distance is if you're going to follow my trades, make sure the stops you put always remain within 30 pips of current price.As an example, current price of GBPUSD is 1.3135.
Let's say I set a buy order at 1.3155, which is 20 pips above it.
However, price of GBPUSD drops to 1.3120, 35 pips away from my buy order.
I will now move my buy order to 1.314, 20 pips away from current price.As I said, try to keep it under 30.
Make sure you only move it in denomonations of 10.
Move 10 pips after the 30 pip threshold has been crossed.
I don't know if you could call it price action becaus I never read into it and don't know what it means exactly.Trust me my man.
If you have no indicators on then it's pure price action that you're teaching yourself.
Renko bars, candle sticks, those other bars, it's all the exact same shit.
If you're not using indicators and looking for patterns then that's the definition of price action
are you some kind of sadistic fuck or just retarded?
How exactly do you think this works?
too drunk to english.
pic is snippets that hopefully explain my position.
4370672 inb4 greenspan ....
4370894So you think we're investing in dollars and holding onto dollars hoping it will go up?
no, I just don't see why EUR should fall faster than USD.
Except you're betting on cooked books of course.
4371085From your point of view, what do you think we think we're doing and how we expect to make money?
you're shorting EUR, aren't you?
If it's the other way around, I feel dumb.
When you say short can you explain exactly what you mean?Do you think I'm investing in the Euro and holding it long term in the hopes that it will go up over the next year or so?
what exactly do you expect the initial reaction to bad news to be?
Why can't you just answer my question ?
I'm trying to understand how you think this works.
because I feel stupid explaining to you how shorting works.
just tell me where you think I'm wrong.
It's not about whether you're right or wrong.
I just wanted to know how you think this works.
I'd like to thank the many fellow FX traders for helping me learn what I need to know.
shorting is the same as sellingIt basically is.
I don't want to debate you or teach you.
I SIMPLY wanted to know how you thought this works but you just kept dancing around the question out of fear of looking silly I guess.Anyway it doesn't really matter.
yeah never mind.
I just deleted my post because after I started reading the thread I realised I really do not have the lingo down in FX.But anyway, here's your answer: I believed shorting to work as it works in the stock market.Now I'm doubting.
This isn't really what I was asking.
I wanted to know how you thought an FX trader hopes to make money.
It seems to appear that you think we hope to short the dollar or Euro for a long period of time?
Is this correct?
Or maybe buy and hold either dollars and euros?
I honestly have no idea how you think this works.
no, I believe you're doing short term trades.
After all, loans have a cost.
I just don't believe for the Euro to go down compared to the dollar.
(despite not really having a clue about forex)
Went short on gold at 1281, TP at 1280.
OP here, btw.
Went long GBPUSD.
Entry at 1.316, 1 TP set at 1.317, another at 1.318
You said to short it.
Right now euro USD is up.
Are you a negro?
Time to double down then.
Also, just went long on silver and EURJPY.Enjoy the free greens.
% success rate >short at 1.179ish>EUR/USD rockets 1.184ok dude