Is dividing your stack just a meme?I follow biz advice and keep dividing my stack to half btc and half shitcoins.
They move in opposite direction so not much gain to be seen as they cancel each other out.Should I just fuck it and go all in 1 coin, give me your past experience and no larping plz?
if you have an amount of money worth protecting, diversify.
if this is your plan to get rich, you're going to need to take more risk.What are your goals?
If your goal is to turn $1,000 into $100,000 or something similar to that, it makes no sense to hold bitcoin.
You should instead wait for opportunities like Confido.
You could've already made $25,000 and then moved that into another coin like DRP, LRC, LINK, etc.If you just wanna make like 20%+ per year, then sure make a "safe" crypto portfolio.
Diversity memes are only good if you have a large amount to invest, if you're only putting in small amounts its best to hope for a moon mission one a single coin.
I went all in on cobinhood currently up around 30% since the icoWith the exchange launching on the 14th with all sorts of crazy margin trading and 0 fee's.Should easily x5-10 from this point and then I can retire this wagecuck life
Ive been thinking the same thing bro.
I only have like .7 btc total and im spread between like 25 coins.
Even if one hits 100% in a day the rest of them doing either nothing or losing % makes that moon negligible.
4336119thanks anon, I only have 5k so will stick to 1 coin from now on.
Comfy holding BTC for 4 years now, my only diversification is BCH and BTG from the forks plus some shitcoins here and there, but never over 3-5% of my total BTC.
Sure, I may have missed some moons (ETH, NEO) but anyone seriously calling a 1000% return over 4 years a bad performance is completely mad.
Plus, I it‘s a lot smoother than daytrading and allows you to actually go through your day without checking blockfolio 50 times.
Yes OP, going all in on an investment in an extremely volatile market is a great strategy.
yep, same thing for me, my Monero moon but then other coins got rekt, back to square one.
Is 5k worth diversifying?
The only time I have made money was when I hit like a 8x on DGB earlier this summer.
Even then I have made such shit trades since them im basically back to square fucking one.
Man you can't listen to these people who tell you to play it safe.
You gotta go all in at the right time and cost averaged.How do you expect to make huge gains if you play it safe?
Do your best to enter a high probability trade let your bitcoins stack.
Just don't sleep while you have a position unless you're extremely confident.
Don't diversify until you have 5 bitcoins.
Even then, you put the entire bitcoin into one coin while the others stay in bitcoin waiting for the right opportunity.
WHY:DDDlmao what then when it crashes and burns?
Some profit is better than no profit.
Or negative profit is the worstBut yeah, you buy 2k worth of BTC NOW!
and some alts like ETP and link and req and wait for millions
what do you mean dont sleep anon?
Every trade must conclude after 16hr?
And how do you guys take profit, 20% stack for each 30% increase?
It entirely depends on how much 5k is for you.
If it‘s all the money you have, diversify it now (-> you should leave 4k out of crypto entirely).
If you have 50k in fiat on your bank account, you‘re already diversified and ready to go all in on 1 coin with those 5k.
thanks anon, you clear my mind, I have 5k in crypto and have a lot more than that in bank so I guess I will do it.
I take however long it takes to find a coin to trade in day.
If I find one before I go to sleep I'll stay up and see it through.
I've woken up 15% down way too many times to sleep in a coin.
Which, I when you factor in opportunity cost in waiting for it to go back up, it's not worth it.
Even if it seems like a sure thing shit happens randomly at all hours.
I like to tell myself that missing out on making money sucks but being in a hole is much worse.
Yes.But don't hold more than 4 coin.
Like today I was in okcash.
Cashed out and just before bed I saw Trig looked really nice.
So I got into that.
But okcash has a big announcement at 8am San Francisco time, so I'll be staying up to sell Trig before that comes out so I can potentially go all into okcash
Litecoin is a pretty good way to keep your position liquid and at a constant value.
Example.
Keep like 1k-2k of litecoin in a wallet or on an exchange during times of massive price swings and then jump in and out of coins when you want.
That technique made me a nice pile over the weekend.