Why aren't you in ETP.
I bet you in 2 months there will be so many posts about not getting in earlier.
Let me give you a quick rundown for the last time.> Draper Dragon VC invested in ETP> Zenair> Tea> Chandler Guo> Dubai Department of Economic Development> Price artificially kept down by US shorters> Listing on EXX.com> 300,000 digital identities> 60+ employees> Charismatic and well networked CEO Eric GuLegitimately a no brainer.
shill like this make it look like FUDfucker
Agreed, I'm heavily invested.
Team is too good and has too many connections to pass up.1/16 the mcap of NEO.
So much room for growth.
Okay, Pajeet.
Learn to speak english.
Majorly bullish on ETP, this will be great.
Chandler Guo pushing meta on this twitter, just wait boys ETP is the shit
Huge endorsement.
I know a lot of people, and Chandler is BIG.
With people like this how can we lose!
We just have so many terrific people.
Are these chinks gonna deliver man... these bags bros, I need them to multiply into bitcoins
Not until tomorrow, or at most after the snapshot.The issue is that too many people are focusing on BTC.
good thing i dumped my bags before this thing tanked
Or the whole alt market lol, it wasn't just ETP.
EXX.com are you serious OP?
When was this announced?
That is huge, not exaggerating that is a damned hard exchange to get onto.
Okay my english is bad i hold this coin too but you shill like linkies it doesn't make it better.
Less than 12 hours ago
Eric Gu has been hustling out the ass, getting partnerships left and right, talking at every conference.
As far as commercial projects go, this is the only one other than ripple that I see having actual user adoption, and not just endless dev masturbation/drama, or speculation.Not OP, but this was announced only a couple hours ago
% this.
and Eric is realistic thats what most young naive developers miss in this world they think TOO big in a to small time frame
will 2k ETP make it?
I think so.
That'll be worth around 50k in 2 months.
$25 per ETP is a conservative estimate
EXACTLY.
He is focusing on being the professionals of Smartcontracts and digitalising assets.
Devs think they can be the big players at everything, but being the best at a fundamental aspect of this will differentiate themselves in the market from everything else.
As a company you can decide between a jack of all traders master of none, or the legitimate professional quality provided by ETP.
$25 per ETPI'm majorly bullish on ETP, and I know this is going places, but is $25 actually possible soonish?I have 0 doubt that it will be at least $15 by years end, but $25 would make me a very happy man.
it'll definitely overtake neo within a year
Look, I am bullish.
But at it's current level of production, partnerships and releases, I think that I am not wrong in thinking that.
Fundamental analysis is KEY to crypto.
And ETP is second to none.
Time to add another $1k to this.
If this goes $50 like neo did, I get to retire...at 21 years of age.
4243611so it hasn't even reached people yet, guess ill be putting in a buy before the news hits
heh, im in 10k deep i bought at 1.80$ i will sell some off at 10$ like 10-20%
Good luck to all my /etp/ bros
What exchanges is this on
BitfinexHitBTCEXX (soon)
Are you unironically shilling exx?Nigga that shit ain’t even listed on coinmarketcap lol
Did anyone notice the coin count is 55 million now?
170M market cap.Did this come out of nowhere or was CMC just wrong for a really long time?I've been in since 1.50 and loving this ride up I see so much potential, particularly in Eric Gu.
A great CEO is almost enough on its own to get a company places.
You're so new it hurts.You don't have any concept of the Chinese market do you?
It's one of the most difficult exchanges to get listed on.
How long have you been here?
Less than 3 months my guess.
I’ve been here since 2015, but I really don’t give a fuck about chink subhumans or anything chink related.Fuck off cuck, if it’s such a good exchange why can’t I find it on cmcap?
Chinese Marketcaps aren't listed, and if you had any modicum of fiscal sense you would care about China, brainlet scum.
You can tell it's no more than 3 months when they worship CMC
Kek too true, CMC is wrong half the time.
Keep worshipping your chink overlords pajeet.
And enjoy the bagz lol
your so ignorant its cute haha
Dude, just stop.
You're wrong, you know it, and to make matters worse, ignoring one of the largest economies and driving factors behind crypto shows that your probably some /pol/tard who is indoctrinated in an us vs them mentality.
I'll be selling my holdings to chumps like you in 2 months, and then you'll post pink wojaks.
4244228Dat vpn tho
Uhh sure, I go to that length to make arguments to some anonymous stranger on a monglian catmilking image board.
Kek, cope harder.
There’s no real tangible reason for this shitcoin to pump.
It’s 100% speculation, and I know that speculation plays an important roll on this market, but once pajeets start shilling a coin saying it’s going to be added to any exchange you know they’re running out of useful things to shill with.
let me guess your a link bagholder haha
Wrong.
chinese ETH shitcoins>putting money into themWhy
Seriously stop, you are new and we can tell.
How old are you?
Do you even have the capability to be investing?You're so wrong it's just laughable.
I don't have any points to prove.
If that's your thoughts.
don't buy ETP.
Simple :~)
It's not eth at all.
4244302Holy shit get REKED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGAnZMZr43w
Tell me one good reason and I will invest more than 100k usd in this shitcoin and provide proof
chinks use crypto/tokens as opposed to gambling with them>ETP does not implement parity>Founder and CEO is an actual businessman and not a starving russian communist
unironically posting 36 min long videosThe absolute state
Lol.
Actually listen to it but, you'll see why it's a very good project.
Not willing to put in at least AN HOUR of research into investmentThe absolute state
unironically claims to have 100k usdThe absolute state.
Ah i see now, your just looking for the next PnD, why dont you leave this thread let real man invest here.
When you got 10k+ come back
I have 35k and planning on using margin on bfex pajeet
Just doesn't know when to give up.
424369725$ is low balling in short term.
Wait for Q4...
It will be around 300$ a popRegards 40000 ETP
They made some special fund of 5 million ETP for someone, read their twitter
Fuck off bitch cuck nigger I've been here since 1950 and I hate Chinese I don't trust them shit cunt bear ass
Draper Dragon is huge.
One of the leading US Sino VC.
implying anybody knows what US Sino VC meansThe absolute state
Sorry brainlet, it means United States, Chinese Venture Capital!!
Dw, you'll learn all these tricky words in 9th grade!
Hmmm ok, this is getting interesting.
Will look more into it you fucking faggot
thats what you call a man , welcome Sir and gl
Kek all the best faggot, if you decide ETP isn't for you I still wish you well.
what did cmc mean by this
Stay mad nigger
cmc is a third party market cap website, they often do not update things in a timely manner.
when looking at a project you should always look at the projects own block explorers as they will give you valid information.
This is known as due diligence.
Also a word of advice there exists much better market cap sites than cmc, which is quite literally a kids basement hobby.
their own block explorer not a third party>due diligenceholy conflict of interest batman.
also if not cmc then??
CMC had wrong data according to the team.
you don't understand blockchain, do you?the absolute state of cryptonoobs
Are you joking?A block explorer can't be used advantageously to promote their product.
you dont understand due diligence
then why does cmc show different market cap when all it takes is to go to their block explorer?even now cmc valuation and etps ownvaluation are 30m apart
blindly trust cmc (as was implied) or perform due diligence and research further, such as looking at the immutable blockchain explorer of the project.
it's ok bud.
You can add web wallet to the list now OP, this team is getting shit done.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Metaverse_Blockchain/comments/7bju7g/volunteer_recruitment_for_metaverse_web_wallet/
Quick question /biz/, do you think we'll drop down again to $3?
I can buy now at $3.15 which is obviously still very cheap, but buying at $3 is pretty fucking nice.Bitcoin rally should drop it down again shouldn't it?
.15 is safe.
Really depends on the risk of ETP mooning and you buying in higher.
If you think there will be another rally I'd wait.
That being said, ETP is very low so we can't expect too much of a drop now.
another chinese exchange confirmed
FUCK ANOTHER??
WE ARE OFFICIALLY TAKING OFFFFFFFFFFFF
Wouldnt count on it.
3,15 is a pretty damn good price for a +100$ coin