Bitcoin Cash (BCH) is the true Bitcoin.
It's going to replace BTC.
Don't miss out!
omg really spread my asshole and clean off the crustys with your tongue
You are the true SUCKER.
You're going to lose MONEY.Don't be stupid!
Getting defensive there.You know hes correct
BTC (upper) vs BCH (lower) unconfirmed transactionsBTC chain might collapse within the following weeks
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin core now, you can still get like .24 bitcoins for your old Cash8xChinkCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all out at 0.5 and belive in the eternal king, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is orange like trump so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin core guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 10:1 ratio, yes 10:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
Well, personally I think the BTC mempool will get done fast as soon as BCH upps it's difficulty.So for now, the BTC chain is safe I think, but the next time, or the next time after that that this happens?Oh boy.I mean, consider the fact that even if BCH ups it's difficulty by too much and crashes and burns because it becomes unprofitable to mine, it has it's smart little safeguard and will lower it's difficulty allowing this to happen over, and over, and over.
it will collapse on monday after the hardforkToday, Sunday, is literally the last day to liquidate your btc.
Well, personally I think the BTC mempool will get done fast as soon as BCH upps it's difficulty.You would be right if it wasn't for the BCH hardfork making mining even more profitable than it is today.
This has been planned.
Only suckers are still in bitcoin corecuck
There is a whole new difficulty adjustment algorithm coming up for BCH tomorrow.
agreed.
BTC will COLLAPSE MONDAY.
SELL NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
But what if they do this twice?
I mean, they double or triple their money on BCH, then crash it when it becomes unprofitable to mine, then repeat in a few months when it's easier to mine and see it spike up even more, or am I totally wrong here?Also, the first hard fork for BCH, was that giving people the same amount of BCH that they had in BTC, if so, what is this hard fork going to do, and what markets/wallets/whatever will support it?Oh really?
Will that prevent BTC from becoming 2x profitable after the next difficulty increase?
Interesting.
700 tx is the peakWow, such performance, many adoption
Correct about what?
What value does BCC hold, 0 value, faster then BTC?
ETH and LTC are faster by a long shot then either of those, it is just a shitcoin that is easer to mine then bitcoin and some whales bought it for cheap to pump it and get billions of dollars on fools
ThisBuy bitcoin cash you idiots, that's the true bitcoin not your core shilled garbageBuy bch now you fucking idiots, do you hear me?
be it you son of a bitches, I comand you to buy
its pumping and i dunno if i should sell once it reaches my buy in and go to sleep, or stay yup and maybe lose out on the ath AGAIN.
i missed the first moondrive because i wasnt paying attention and was greedy
fuck its dropping like fuck now
Looking pretty bearish.
I'm going to try and flip using ichimoku but right now isn't a great time to sell.
It is at £4735.85 how long can the BCH guys carry on like this.....?Why do you think by Monday it is over!!!
They should just rename this board to /kike/
thank you kind sirs I buy bitcoin cashes for my bitcoins in exchange.
I believe I see tremendous supports now the market will not dump.
I can get rich off this trade for my childrens and you should buy bitcoin cashes.
This coins will replace Ethereum
Where are you getting those numbers for BCH?
It's at $1499.
Lmao the true bitcoin?
They changed the source code, spun off and gave it a new name that includes bitcoin.
Even the founders aren’t trying to pretend it’s the real bitcoin.Going to enjoy watching the pnd shill pink wojak as well as all the suckers they convinced
Buy when it drops ~$1200 in about 10 hours and sell at ~$2500Then buy when it drops to ~$1500 (should be within a few days after) and sell when it goes to ~$3500Alternatively, if you're not from the rollercoaster types, just buy at $1200 tomorrow and hold for 3 to 4 months, sell at about 6k then.
You have to trust me.t.
forex pro

juicy high fee transactions waiting to be harvestedguess what happens when the BCH diff adjust comes
8K TOMORROW BREAK BTC ALL TIME HIGHHHWE ARE READY
apologies you are right sorry....
BITCOIN CASH @ 1444.86back in third position below Ethereum!A serious market manipulation