>the free market wants Shitcoin crash>we don't manipulate anything
legit buy order>manipulation
Hi Roger.
Blown up any buildings lately?
4533111roger put up a couple 10,000 buy walls on difference exchanges a few weeks agoits a real wall
4533644Roger sucks but no one gives a shit about him.
But I know it's on paid corecuck shills talking points sheets.Next it'll be chink somethings.The whole ploy is to downplay the massive gains of Bitcoin cash as falsely manipulated, just as BTC's incredible transaction backlog and high fees were also down played as the result of a "spam attack".
Drops in BTC will be played up as "just temporary"!
While BCH drops will be portrayed as "forever destroyed/much flippening" etc.
the writing is on the wall, the rich and powerful want bitcoin cash, if you refuse to ride the profit train for ideological reasons you are a fucking moron
it's artificial pumpif you want to see a natural pump go watch ETH and XMR charts
4533714lol are u guys salty retard cashies or pajeets paid less than $1 a week?
So what happens to the crypto market as a whole when BTC 'dies' friend?
Walk me though all the steps you think are going to happen
why would i be salty?
i have doubled my money vs BTC since i went all in and almost sextupled it vs dollars.
lol sure if larping on 4chan helps u get through the day
) BTC dies2) BCH takes its place3)You were holding BCH4) PROFITnotice there is no ?????
why would i be larping?
this was not getting into bitcoin at 10 dollars, this was selling your 4000 dollar bitcoin for 400 dollar BCH.
It was a very comfortable trade, and an obvious one.
The rich and powerful want BCH to win, and they will get it whether you want it or not, so why not profit from it?
You seem to be missing the mass exit by normies who were only holding BTC because they bought after July 31st and see themselves losing money and proceed to tank the market in the process
this>legit buy order
normies think bitcoin is funny internet money, they are no where near putting dollars into crypto, the market can take losing BTC
babbies first day in the order book
they are no where near putting dollars into cryptoIs that why the price of BTC moved from $2800 to $8300 after July 31st up to the recent ATH?
Don't tell me you think that's all Tether.
Also there's those 100,000 accounts added to Coinbase over a single weekend at the beginning of the month
the free market excludes whales
are you dumb or something?
the people behind BCH have been pumping BTC to where it is today, do you think people holding billions of dollars in BTC would just press the sell button and ruin themselves?
its all part of their plan, they have to unload carefully and at a good price
aaaand its gone
SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPI WANT TO UNLOAD MY BAGSSSSS
There are whales in Bitcoin as well you fucking retards.
>Not knowing that whales control the whole crypto market
its back!
Massive gains>A fraction above it's launch price>Given out as a free giftBCH guys want to be early adopters so bad, they literally see things that aren't there.
Wake up kiddo.
Fiat is dying.
Today, the rich and powerful *are* the BTC holders.Cool hands keep hands on BTC.
the .2 wall is getting tested lads
here we go
THE CHINK WALL WILL NEVER FALL
FUCKING SUPPORT!
Drops in BTC will be played up as "just temporary"!
While BCH drops will be portrayed as "forever destroyed/much flippening" etc.Yeah how is it any different to "Drops in BCH will be played up as "whales accumulating"!
While BTC drops will be portrayed as "forever destroyed/much flippening" etc.The rich and powerful want BCH to winYou mean wall st and all the institutional investors backing bitcoin want bch to win?
Its literally just a group of chinks who have a shitload of free bch trying to make it as valuable as possible because they own more than anyone else.
This is understandable.
Bitmain wants to create a proprietary payment token, on a side chain that is fully under their control.
But to encourage settlements with your token, you need a stable price point.
Nobody buys coffee with BTC any more because BTC is appreciating.
It's the "million dollar pizza" dilemma.
BCH is signalling that they seek a stable price around 1000usd.
It's no market for speculation.
Note that 1000usd is still overvaluing the asset by a good 60%.
But it is hard for most traders to discern the reality among the abundance of airdrop coins.
real buy wall vs fake tetherrrrrrs
Can buy BCH with Tether>Implies only BTC is pumped by Tether
MAKE IT STOP!
AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
tetherrrrrrs
SUPPORT THE WALL!
THANK JIHAN!
It's a good sign he is willing to let his wall be boughtmassive pump inc
and it's gone
ABANDON SHIP