With all the hype of the Flippening turned Floppening and the Cashening turned Crashening, when does /biz/ think we will experience the Arkening?
Shhh!
I'm still accumulating!
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/ARKBTC/D8zzQWS2-Ark-at-major-support/november/december
$12 by December
why?
Look at
I kind of want to get 1k more just to be safe.Sitting on 2500 right now.
Probably Q2 2018.Keep your dick in your pants gentlemen, we're not going to see huge moons until then.
This is a long term hold
I have a question.
Will staking rewards decline as ARK's value goes up?
Like how bitcoin's mining rewards have dropped since its creation.
I just want my dream ride already ;(
As more people stake their Ark with delegates, the voting pools will become more crowded and therefore more diluted.
If you're currently getting 10 a week, but the number of people in your pool doubles, then you'd be getting 5 a week.
Some delegates are working on ways around this though, like with loyalty bonuses and making another delegate for whales.
never buy new, anonused from a rental company is based-as-fucksave 10k, easily
tfw the hard drive that has my passphrase for 2000 ark broke and doesn't spin any more.when ark hits $10 I'll have it fixed by a professional
If you can get that extra 1k, you should.
My target is also 3500.
I just need another 450 or so to get there, but have to wait for my next wagecuck check.
not memorizing 12 wordsThis one's for you.
if you have that much you should have gotten a ledger nano sit's never enough.
once you hit 3500 youll want to hit 4000, then 5000 and so on
not having your passphrase physically written down
Why didn't you have it saved on Dropbox?
Kek, this is true.
I originally wanted 1k, then 2k, then 2.5k.
But as long as your ARK increases proportional to how much the total supply increases, you should be good, right?
Flippening Floppening Flappening Dappening
I thought I did but it turned out to be an outdated file, must have fucked up something while overwriting it
why does my chart look so very different from  ?
You need to look at long term.
AG33aCaBWxaHox8XLrGGTB3fgZqC9PnDxNSome ARK for a poor fellow arkie please?
See where it says 30min?
Change that to the 1 day view.
anon google version history dropbox, you can restore any saved .txt or .doc in x versions once it was saved on dropbox!If I helped you get your Arks back, I'd really happy about a start with Ark:AVSjwbUgAmZYi1Jcr9vGuzyY9PJq3QS6gL
I have .7 eth and like 40 Stratis that I've taken a huge loss on (bought in like July).
Should I sell everything on my Polo account and put it all in Ark on Bittrex?
Yes, ark us going to $10 eoy.
Download the Ark wallet and move it from bittrex to there.
Then vote for a delegate and start staking.
arklet sounds better than arkie
biz_classic is pretty good, desu
used from a rental companyIf it's from a rental company it's probably had the shit beat out of it.
Id probably buy from a private owner
what does this mean?
I'm an idiot, someone plz spoonfeed me like an infant.
download a desktop wallet from https://ark.io/ and make a transfer from bittrex to your wallet address, be sure to transfer a small amount before unloading the whole stack to test that the transaction goes through.Keep your wallet passphrase safe unlike me as it is required for further transactionst.
anon with a busted hddopen the wallet app and on it you can search for delegates to vote for and choose the biz delegate.
also voting for delegates costs 1 ark so if you're holding a really small amount you might want to run it through the calculatur someone will surely link to see if its worth
Yessir.
Great.
Ark needs to hit $30 for me to live off of staking.
CONDUCTOR WE HAVE A PROBLEMCONDUCTOR WE HAVE A PROBLEMCONDUCTOR WE HAVE A PROBLEMCONDUCTOR WE HAVE A PROBLEM
BUY.MORE.ARK.
I need $20I'm fairly confident it will get there.
Pic related is Mike at Princeton today
How will Ark's value hold against a falling BTC?
Will Cash be the coin alts are paired to in the future, or will we transition to straight fiat?
Bittrex just inexplicably froze my withdrawals, even though I have 2FA enabled.Get your coins off garbage exchanges as soon as possible.
I'm so sick of this shit.
I'm just glad it's on Binance now.
I think it has the highest volume there tooIf BTC fails, most alts are paired to it, with the exception of ETH and ERC20 tokens.
I think an ARK/USD site like coinbase would be amazing.
I'll look into starting one.
D E L U D E D$.25 EOY
I'll look into starting one.How?
4329206But nobody would accept billions of value being destroyed over one coin, right?
Couldn't we use the fiat coinmarketcap prices at least temporarily?
I'll look into how coinbase operates first, then just copy their business model only with Ark and other promising alts like NEO.Looks like arkusd.com is available
He's going to do a MySpace to Facebook and make the shills ark holdings go sideways in value.
Watch that space!Btw ebaums world is about to come back and delete youtub
oh shit my niggga
First of all, I don't think BTC is going to die completely.
Not anytime soon anyway, there are way too many people and far too much money in the game.
It will have crashes, but not a complete death.ETH would probably overtake BTC as the main store of value if that did happen though.
Or fiat.
You're telling me a solid site where you can directly buy good alts with your fiat wouldn't work?Do you know how many newbies would use that?
Just voted for biz_classic hopefully I did it right.Only have the 160 ARK at the moment, don't want to risk most of my hard earned wagecuck money as I have a good chunk saved.
Will be buying more each pay.
good on you laddon't forget free shekles every hour on the hour by rolling in the faucet https://classicdelegate.biz/faucetUnironically worth pretty much nothing but hey, at $1k per ark in 5 years it may actually have added upRoll quads like me and you get FREE .41 ark
checkedARK to $100
oh shit 100$ ark in Q2 2018 confirmed inshallah
just bought another 100k
CHECKED
Did you buy back the ark you sold before the pump?
I'll look into starting oneGod's work senpai
how many times am I going to get asked this?
(no)
Why not?
Creating an exchange would take millions of dollars.
Developing the website and going through all the legal work will take a lot of time.
Not to mention, you need a FUCK ton of Ark to begin selling it?
I like my portfolio split the way it is now.
I have enough ARK.
dubs
Not quite
T H E
Moon, how many ARK is "enough", in your opinion?
H-how did u do this
Depends entirely on your portfolio size.
ARK is ~15-20% of mine.
Is there a number of ARK that you would say is the minimum to aim for?
How much money are you looking to have to have made it?
k USD a year
Wait I want to have 100K USD by the end of 2018 what do I have to do?
i can help you out with this actually.
first question: do you own any kneepads?
Yes?
I ride scooter so I need them.
But how much ark do I need?
k ark at $100 = $100k5k ark at $20 = 100k10k ark at $10 = 100kwhat price are you expecting for ark?
i think 20 is more than reasonable for the end of 2018, so 5k should be enough.
probably around 1200 ARK
$20 ARK by EOY 2018dude are you serious?
we'll see that before summer of 2018
ok great.
second question is actually two fold: do you have a gag reflex and also do you own any wigs?
just bought 100K thanks
happy to help my friend
hence 'more than reasonable'
$20 ArkI can only get so hard
If you had ~1k Ark and were in the b_c delegate early on, what kind of monthly payments would we be looking at?
I think 2018 will be a huge year for crypto, we might see ARK at just under $100 by EOY 2018 with the progress they're making right now
I have ~1150 right now and make about 8 ark/month, got in early as wellhttps://classicdelegate.biz/calculatorNeed 4k ark for 1 ark a day.
Got 6k ark, I really would love to reach 10k ark
We're in nearly identical boats then.
Switched to monthly payments for less TX charges and just want to grow that stack asap.
It's one of the few coins I feel confident about.
I'm just worried we don't have much time.If I can get 1 ark a day and ark got to $50 I could live a comfy life without needing to wagecuck more than like 2 days a week.
Tx charges?
i have 5200 ARK.
i could acquire 10,000 ARK if i sold my 80 ETH but i don't know if i want to do that yet.
eth looks ready to explode
I have 1500 arkI don't believe I'll have $100k USD EOY 2018.Redpill me on my own coin.
The next core update is going to lower transaction fees and voting fees to .01 Ark, which should probably happen by the end of the year.
DYOR my dude, do you know what ARK is trying to accomplish?the actual business entity is almost done which means that they'll actually start going out and making connections for one thing.
Combine that with ease of use, push button deployable blockchains, smart contracts, and the smart bridge and we could see $100 in less than 14 months when you factor in the rapid growth of crypto as a whole
You redpill me right now you deluded arkie or it's going sub-ico levels.And crypto is going full bear soon thanks to btc vs bch battle.
Depends on the role of the token, no?
4332284do yall read about what you invest in or do you just throw money at a coin and hope it moons?
4332271Just sell your bags, bruh.
Transaction fees.
Sending ark requires a very small payment, but over time it adds up, so holders should choose monthly payments to reduce this cost
Dude i think they're just fuckin retards
They've said Ark is going to be used to finance transactions on the network, yes.
But that's not exactly specific nor do we know the exact fees.
If you get 1.5 ark a day the interest you make on that the following day makes up for it, no?
that image
Delete block folio and chill.
I've been holding ark since May m8.
I still don't understand half the shit they're trying to accomplish.
I just like the community and the developers seem active enough.
Also like the wallet and delegate staking.
That still doesn't mean I'm throwing my money randomly everywhere.
I'm taking mildly educated guesses, mostly holding and following the investment aspect more than the development aspect, which is what has gotten me a decent amount of money from what I started with.If you expect normies to genuinely start throwing their money at crypto you have to realize it has to be explained at a non-developer level.
I bought 800 ark in june because i liked the logo lmaoI have 2100 nowNo regrets
I still don't understand half the shit they're trying to accomplish.It's insanely ambitious.
But I get one of the main goals, see pic related
I thought forking a blockchain results in a pile of shit.
Like how Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash are constantly fighting.
Forking bitcoin was never meant to happen tho
Wouldn't it be really hard different types of Ark tokens?
There would be so many..
check'd
roll quads like meWitnessed
It would be like Ethereum, only all the ARK-based tokens out there would be interconnected with Ark tokens as the mediary between blockchains.
It will be designed to be forked and push-button deployable.
W E W
Wouldn't it be really hard with so many***
It’s no different to ethereum and all it’s erc20 tokens.
They all have their own purpose and individual value
I never knew what erc20 was.So we'll all of these forked coins devalue the original Ark?
Would they all be kept in seperate wallets to be staked?
No one knows yet, since it's still under development.
I doubt they would devalue it though, even with all the ICO bullshit ETH exploded.
Does anyone know why ETH exploded?
Literally because of potential and hype.The same thing will happen with Ark imo.
The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW!Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
how do you choose if you get paid weekly or monthly?
if your voting for biz_classic you can register on their site and choose how often you want to get paid by them.https://classicdelegate.biz/
should I sell my SALT for more ARK?I already have 117 ARK but I want to gradually build up 1000.
Nah, you'll be able to get a ton of salt for free on here when Ark hits $10
who should i vote for and why?
The Arkening I thought arkies being deluded was a meme
Anybody you want to because you aren't a sheep

geg
Crashing get out now
$2.85>crashing
If I'm understanding this right, if I vote for biz_classic I would need 4000 ARK to even get my 1 ARK used to vote back?Unless you only have to vote the once?
Which I think is wrong.
You only need to vote once, and you don't need a specific number of ark.
Then you choose whether you want to collect Ark every day, week, or month.
What do you guys think, will we see any significant rises in ark price by the end of November?
I can’t imagine that the mobile wallet release will have a huge impact pricewise
Redneck
We will see a pump sometime before eoy and we will see our moon around Summer 2018.Our future is lookin good.
I just hope you are arkumulating.
I am holding this, monero and some ethereum for stability.
Future looks bright.
Holy shit people like this actually give other people advice
You will get 1 ark per day
ALqioiYJbBzjiDHVwmWU46233e2npWmmWX am poorfag with only 7 ARK plz help