As I predicted, now that transactions are being confirmed and people can FINALLY get their money on the exchange, they are all selling their exchange bitcoin for other stuff.We still have like $1 billion of unconfirmed tx to work through.Bye bye BTC.
This is a slow moving bank run.
It's only going to accelerate as we burn down down down through the mempool.
I feel sort of sorry for the normies but hey, they knew BTC was a risk, and they were too cheap to pay the proper tx fee.https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h(By the way, it's fascinating: not a single BCH block mined in the last two hours, but it's not causing any problems!
This is due to the technical superiority of BCH and the lack of normie wallets in BCH network.)
If you're stuck in unconfirmed limbo, I feel sorry for you man.
Just be patient and cut your losses as soon as you can.You may have to still wait 24h while the burndown continues, but hey, that's life and that's the nature of BTC.
lol, you sitting on heavy bch bags, didnt you?
:Dlol, fucking cuck :D
I don't own either, so I don't have emotional attachments to either.
I've only been looking into this stuff for the last 24 hours and it's utterly clear what is going on.
OP feels so smart right now.
BTC working as plannedStill better than the banks I guess.
the technical superiority of BCHKind of reminds me of the comparison between the 1969 Ford Mustang and the 1970 Ford MustangBoth were pieces of shit
$3000 soon4326942
Both were pieces of shitThis guy's got the right ideaThat already happened last night fagtron
My transaction is thereand thank god, I was about to sell cause you guys made me panic.
But it's stuck there, I will just send it back and store it and say bye to /biz/
Sunday is not a business day
Watching the mempool clear up is just so satisfying.
Is this autism?
this FUD is nauseating.
you are ruining people's lives
I have a feeling it will only manage to get down to at best 100k transactions (~300 sat/byte) before it starts to go back up again due to the new BCH difficulty algorithm kicking in and miners heading back over.It's a real possibility that anyone who's in at ~200 sat/byte might never see their tx get confirmed.
I don't even know why I click on those threads anymore
How's your 5.5K bitcoin run going cuck?