Let's find out everything about this scammer.
Is that his real pic though?
This guy does not look like a Joost.Fake pic and name.
4463004I'm also wondering if that's his real pic lmao.>dat fucking gypsy mafia boss scowl
He does not look Dutch at all.Either Bulgarian or a Turk 100%.
Dude this was a prank>CONfido>Joost Van JUSTED>Pravik Pajeet100% a prank
Biz, I'm not asking for money or sympathy.
I lost 50k in under 12 hours because of this fucking faggot.
Please, if there is anyone out there, do something to bring about justice to this guy.
I have it bad but many have it worse than me.
fuck this guy, I'm crying right now.
I live right next to the Netherlands, if this does turn out to be a scam and I see him irl I'm letting him have it, on camera.
Joostice
JOO'd
POO JOO'd
someone post this pic weeks ago
POO JOOSTED
agree, could be eastern european
Wanted.
Dead or Dead.
Confido site, twitter, facebook got deleted now.Good luck to anyone still holding this.CFD is going to ZERO for sure
Nick M. Spatz is still working at Zalando SE as a mobile web developer.Should let them know.
lost my first crypto investment to those motherfuckers, please find out who this is
Here ya go @OPREGISTRANT CONTACTName:Joost van DoornOrganization:ConfidoStreet:Kufsteiner Str.
9City:BerlinState:BerlinPostal Code:10825Country:DEPhone:+81.655118371Email:email@protonmail.com
Found a recent pic
dont know if youre joking but thats photoshopped, spread by liam and nick to put the blame on a nonexistent person
Is he dutch?
Sounds like a Belgian/Dutch name instead of a german one
lost 50k in under 12 hoursIf true you deserve to be poor.
No one can be that dumb.
it is a dutch name(im dutch)
I'm from Antwerp lads, can i help?
i'm flemish kek
HAHAHAHAHAH - Someone is actually buying the "dip"
hey antwerp bro, I live just south of you

lol he's a turk
Phone:+81.655118371Japanese number ?
Turk here, that guy is obviously kurdish or something like that, not dutch.
enjoy getting scammed by a donkey fucker
A scammer wouldn't use his own picture.
Namecheap is where they bought the domain.
They might know the details.
Nice
I live in berlin and I'm Dutch!
I can find him!
0,5 eth for his adres with pics
Can I get a quick rundown?
i doubt it especially if he planned to run with the money right from the start, I mean why the fuck would he use a pic that could be traced back to him?
he'd be better off just using a random pic
it's probably just a dummy adress tho
namecheap can be bought anonymously with bitcoins and fake name
NVM is een nep adres.
Look at these faces.
These are the faces of untrustworthy people.
I was scammed once, and the scammer had this same sort of dishonest face.
If someone saved his pic directly from the site they should run it throughhttp://exifdata.com/4chan removes the exif data
Damn, I knew this shit was a scam - but still after having a $+8MM Market cap, I thought, that there had to be at least some legitimacy to it.. What an experience for life, thank god I sold it 4 days ago
His real name is Sebastian Murat, he is a known German-Turkish con-artist that operates call centres in Antalya that sell insurance scams to people.
Apparently, he has ties to the Turkish-Lebanese mafia in Berlin that operate brothels and casinos.
i'm not surprised, it was only a matter of time before things like this started happening.
I'm kind of impressed there havent been more succesful scams already

Email:email@protonmail.comLmfao, that might as well be email@gmail.com
https://www.technologyreview.com/s/602955/neural-network-learns-to-identify-criminals-by-their-faces/>Xiaolin and Xi say there are three facial features that the neural network uses to make its classification.
These are: the curvature of upper lip which is on average 23 percent larger for criminals than for noncriminals; the distance between two inner corners of the eyes, which is 6 percent shorter; and the angle between two lines drawn from the tip of the nose to the corners of the mouth, which is 20 percent smaller.Always check the face first
He aint kurdish, he is catalan.
And lol at it making any difference, I love watching you turks nd kurds throwing shit as eachother as if you weren't both underdeveloped apes.
Wait wait wait, there was actually a guy named Pravik Pajeet involved?
That wasn't just a 4chan meme?
implying his linkedin is not fake


>I'm gonna scam people>with my real picture and name
Hi.
V Sauce here.
No, it was just a meme
guys.
seriously.
who in their right mind actually put money into this?Look at the LinkedIn profiles of the "team":Liam Bellumhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/liam-bellum/Nick Spatzhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/nick-m-spatz/They have several years of work experience but only about 15 contacts each?
sure thing.These are fucking fake profiles and they were literally featured on the website of confido.ioLowest of effort scam.
And people still fell for it.
Says a lot about the state of crypto nowadays.
DYOR you retards.
I wonder if the pump and dumpers got exit scammed.
here u go
depends how many coins you have when the run begins i guess
Look at the LinkedIn profiles of the "team":Collective stupidity of "investors".
They see a low cap and think it is due to "moon" soon, ezpz monez
Fake adres
doesnt look real
linkedin profiles they had experience paypal, microsoft etc>no one fucking verified they are real kek
Officially Joosted.
This should be a lesson to everyone, DYOR isn't a meme
https://github.com/JoostvDoorn?tab=repositories also, his github
you photoshop that?
the email address is a few pixels to the left of where it should be
Fake adresshttps://m.yelp.com/biz/mia-nana-berlin-2Previously a maternity clothes storeNow a hairsalonhttps://m.yelp.com/biz/beate-troike-berlin
4463768yeah it is photoshoppedit was email@protonemail.com
No that’s not his github.
http://joostvandoorn.comCheck it out.
These german con-artists stole his name.
Someone should probably tel the newspapers about this.
this will be huge.
Interpol is gonna grab them before eoy.
not him, same name
i think they stole some guy in teh netherlands' id
wrong Joost van doorni know him for real he studies at UvA

someone should DM zalando on fb and tell them
Krulbroodjes buiten.
>/biz/ gets cucked by Chad again
Lily Zhang>Lily
or could it be this guy just used different photo?
Is he aware of what's going on?
Has someone already told him?
geen idee wat je daarmee bedoelt
Sure let me use my real unique Dutch name for my scam project, but hold on.
Imma use fake profile picture so people can't track me down.H O W C A N P E O P L E B E T H I S F U C K I N G S T U P I D
there can only be one Joost Van Doorn

Biz got Joost'd
i already told him.
He was receiving alot of hate mail.
now it makes sense to him.
hahahahahaha
source: your anus?
DYORyou do realise that they literally didn't have linkedins before the ICO right?
and they openly stated this?
groot Dietschland wanneer?
This flag is redder than Chinas
Lol, I can't even move my coins anymore.
Absolutely justed
no faggot read 
some fokin pajeet joost christian andersen is kekinly givin all dem bagsrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeyyyy pop pop
At least with Link there are people up every inch of Sergeys ass making sure everything is above board.
did you try googling him
underrated
ZEHAHAHA
That isn’t him.
That’s a puppet, I saw in another thread this guy’s real identity.
He’s not affiliated with the coin in any way.joost van doornAt first glance, Just Van Doom.
Feeling bad for kamikaze holders
Absolutely notGTFO man
OMG LOLCANT BELIEVE I CONSIDERED BUYING THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Can we ban this faggot?
MODS
Polish
getting scammed my some haftican't stop laughing.
be random guy>get pic stolen by scammer>have swarm of disgruntled NEETs ruin your lifenice
have swarm of disgruntled pajeets ruin your lifeftfy