Just passing by
Monero is looking solid.
It's going up slightly in this shitfest.
This could be the real bitcoin killer.
the king
of
Cryptography
Who is using this coin to buy stuff?People don't need this.
The darknet uses monero heavily.
Is monero still needed when zk snarks is there?
Your mother is nothing but a fuckhole
how the fuck is FIAT private+digital ?its either one or the other, you can't send FIAT digitally and privately.
non retards that value privacy
he believes there’s physical money for every dollar in existence >he doesn’t know about digital fiat platforms like visa or mcThe absolute state
thats my pointyou either have physical dollars, which you can give to people privatelyor, you use some centralized bitch digital platform like visa/paypal/etc, and it is 100% not private
>tfw bought my monero moon ticket last night
Are you on drugs?>can't send fiat digitallyWtf do you think a debit card is?
Is it decentralized like coins or does it rely on the bank to process the back end?
Think before you fucking post you mong
you are an absolute imbecileyou can use fiat privately OR you can use it digitallyBUT YOU CAN NOT USE IT BOTH PRIVATELY AND DIGITALLY AT THE SAME TIME.
Darknet users will switch over to Zcash soon enough when new silkroad platform launches in februari.Besides darknet there is no value in using privacy coins.
Only conspiracy fagtards want it.
Not sure how I feel about how much monero is getting shilled here latelyReally doesn't need it but whatever
Besides darknet there is no value in using privacy coins.monero is a good coin with privacy bonusit's not like you have to sacrifice something for itlook at a top 10 coinseth, etc, neo are not currenciesbtc, bch, ltc, dash are basically same shit riddled with chinese asic minersxrp and nem are premined and aiming at banks not end usersbasically monero is the only real deal and closest to satoshi's visiondeveloped by fat geek that implements new stuff all the time and mined by community pillars, like bunker bro
Zcash>trusted setup for dnmfull nope
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA