So, this project is finally going to pull through soon.A bunch of you called it a scam but the developer is inviting people to test the alpha already.I'm glad I only put in a bit during the ICO but now that it's cheaper I've bought up quite a bit of it, feeling super cozy.If this even barely compares to Etheroll it should be an easy 5x, 10x, or more.Thoughts, /biz/?
Try investing in a project that actually develops something instead of making the 500th LINK thread of the day.
already bought 10k of this.sold most of it when it pumped after ICO, got a bit more a few weeks ago.i think it will take longer than you think but it will still be amazing
Fuck me, if this shit moons I will quit crypto.
Sold yesterday at a 60% loss after MONTHS of downtrend and scam alerts.
what scam alerts?it can look shifty from some areas but anonymous developers have been comitting code for a month straight and if you read the discord it's obvious they have a product.i've seen people call it a scam but i just look at the github and it looks 100% legit
tfw lost my EBET because lost my private keyhold me bros :(
Got in at ICO.
I want to see the product first before selling at a huge loss.
I'll hold if it's good.
according to discord it will take awhile for it to evolve, but if you've been patient enough already then it's probably fine.i'm going to hold 6 months probably, glad i'm not all in i'd get way too bored
could this be the next NEO?not even shilling because i dont own this shit anymore but i dont see why this coin isn't already worth 10x or more what it is?why isn't there so much hype about this, do people just not get the idea?
Because there is BitDice
these projects are not at all the samebitdice is a casino that gives out dividendsebet is a platform that allows people to bet directly against each other
this reminds me of the bitdice shills during its ICO almost as insufferable as the ones constantly spamming BUY FUN
doesnt really matter, bitdice wont 10x like this could
if it 10xes i'll die since i lost mine
how do i buy this
hitbtc or etherdelta
thanks Op just bought 100k.although this does look like a good project im not sure im patient enough for it.
good luck anyway mans.
hello gugar
lol someone else remembers him?jesus christ that guy was hilarious do you have those images people made of him
There's a number of reasons to like this project:>contract-based censorship-resistant gambling>p2p>etc.But what I like about it is that the platform will attract whales.
If you have deep pockets then statistically, you can't lose if you take every bet any player is willing to make giving you a slight advantage (this option is part of the plans).I suggest that the token is used to let whales queue-jump on the most lucrative bets.
Not another pump and dump please.It's going down on both ED and HitBTC.Fuck this shit.
how is it a pump if it's going downlmao
Failed pump and successful dump.You're FUD-ing your own bags.
dunno why you guys are mean to this coin it's like the only actual legit shitcoin shilled on /biz/ recently