So people that I trust are screaming about PCB saying to buy BCH right now.
Can someone confirm if true?
yes
big if true
never trust a pajeet
*PCB=PBC
PCP says buy BCH going all in
What's PCB?Also yes, the flippening is happening.
Or else BCH would be in freefall.
They're accumulating at 1200 and probably won't pump again until after switching 90% of total hash power over to BCH after the difficulty adjustment update goes through there.
He is going to reccomend his followers to sell BTC and buy BCH.
Of course, by that time it will take them days to get their money on the exchange and everyone else has already panic sold.
people i trust are saying this>need anonymous imgboard to confirmYoull be a crypto millionaire in no time.
Yep PBC saying to buy BCH.
Its signaled as a short term investment.
The last short term they called was XLM before microsoft announcement.
You got me there.
Problem is that I trust no-one as much as group mentality so wanted to ask if people are in or out.
IBM
I'm 95%sure this is bullshit but....
In.
fucking all in.but I bought low under .1, going all in at .2 will take some brass balls anon
https://imgur.com/gallery/qz79ZGot image about this at least.
Not still 100% if legit.
This is a lie, and you know it.
They did not email out any alert
just went all in at 0.204.. did i do good or should I have waited for it to fall more?
short time before fork nowyou're probably okay
I have the real alert in my email, the one you have is fake.
The buy up to price is $1400, and all the text on your image is wrong.
Including the name, his name is Teeka
Can you screencap it?
PCB shillsTalk about oracle problems
BCH IS GOING TO MOON BECAUSE MINING HAS BECOME MORE PROFITABLE THAN BTC AGAIN
No, I don’t want to compromise my account.
Other posts on this board confirm what I said though
lol screencap itfaggots
I’m tired, I don’t give a fuck.
Buy BCH up to $50,000 for all I care.
Get reqt along the way.
BCH is a short term buyBuy up to $1400Do whateverthefuckyouwantnigger