Last week god told me in a dream to sell my car and take out a $4,000 bank loanThis morning god told me to short BTC with as much leverage as possible at 8380 on the dotGod rewarded me with $33,000God is now telling me to hold ARK until June 2018 because it will be $50 then.
I'm listening to God.
You should too.
Larper.At most you covered at 7800.25x leverage does not net you 33k.Fuck off fag.
how did he tell you in the morning?
Any other precognitions of yours come true?
I increased my leverage to 65 and finally 90k when I was 100% surecame out to the average of about 55xREAD THE THREADRead the last thread.
I meditated for more info after God told me to exit loopring
when I was a kid I predicted my grandfather would die in the winter of 2003 and he died then
Oh, I reset my internet again and got a new ID.
Activating trip
how does God talk to you?i predicted my grandfather would die and then i stabbed him in the heart
God tells me things that are going to happen in my dreams before they happen or tells me new life decisions to make
I killed anons grandfather, he paid me 4300 btc at the time worth 10k
what religion do you follow?
you realize nobody on /biz/ has the ability to hold a coin through to June 2018 right
I'm going to be the 2nd one - after OVDB :)
I am a Christian non denominationalI don't go to church but I pray daily and observe all religious holidays and tradtions.
What books did you read?
how do you know its god speaking to you?
I read a catholic bible
my best guesswhere else could one recieve accurate precognitions and advice
god is mental disease
you're not going to make it
Great.
My fav.
one:Truly I tell you, if anyone says to this mountain, 'Go, throw yourself into the sea,' and does not doubt in their heart but believes that what they say will happen, it will be done for them.
Ive been holding ark since april, i think i can hold a little longer
so youll be back right when you get your next vision?
Do you believe the earth is flat ?
noyou can see the curvature of it even on the ground while at seawe've known the earth was round since ancient times
*tips fedora*
youre not going to make it
Euphoric
4,7k ark baron here.
My staking will easily carry me to 5k ark within a few months.
can confirm, will hold until 1000 $ cause i am deluded as fuck and the price will grow fucking enormously.
Look at the roadmap and what they want to achieve holy shit.
Earth is flat.
Do just a tiny bit of research and stop googling "proof earth is a ball" ..
Retard
My intuition is BCH for the next week.
GOD says to donate your Ark to charity.
Calm down, I also know that for sure.
I was just asking OP, if he is a wise man of God, he should know that.You should have quoted this guy instead