Can't make this shit up.
Kekd out loud
How much money have you made from your existential crises op?
jesus christ
I love my autism money skelly
The virgin warlockThe chad shadow priestNo wonder Vitalik is such a cuck
>It occurred to me: Bitcoin devs are motivated by greed.
Ethereum devs aren't.>What does that tell you?>They can win.
Why doesn't Blizzard use a blockchain to balance classes?
someone please post the youtube vid of money skelly talking at the conference and he giggles like a little girl.
mindlet challenging the 'talik?just give up boyo
jesus does he even lift?
HOL UP
Will vitalik play vanilla?
He'd love warlocks in vanilla, great raid damage and arguably the most OP pvp caster minus a geared spriest.
The more I find out about Vitalik the more I love his story.
Its nice to know that someone that autistic can become a billionaire.
You think anyone gives a fuck?The guy is worth 110 MILLION dollars.
Even before Ethereum he was worth 2 MILLION from Bitcoin alone.
Its a different game where your autism is not a liability as long as you can code and deliver what you promised.Now, who the fuck are you?
He's right you know.
They made paladins scale off of spirit and I killed myself

a true chad
What a world
http://archive.is/sTUZUand then he went onto child exploitation
I hate it when they nerf my characters too.
So he's a casual?
Dropped my bags.
All you cucks crack me up.
Here is a fellow brilliant mind that saw an issue and decided to fix it and he gets nothing but hate now.
Maybe some of you cucks sitting in your parent's basement could learn a thing or two about how the world works.
Vitalek and others saw an issue and made it their passion to resolve the issue.
More than 99% of the boys on here...
>tfw moiney skeleton was born in the same year as you>tfw you are still poor virgin neet
they're communists, they don't know what winning is
crys self to sleep over vidyanumale/soyboy
>Warlock shitter in BC
a fellow brilliant mind
god bless this man, his priorities are truly in order and he is the one true turboautist we have been promisedIm literally shaking with appreciation and respect for this man.
Blizz fucked with our warlocks too much, and Vitalik was the only one to do anything about it + made us rich in the process.
you cucks>reddit spacingtopkek
What's wrong with that position?
This fucking guy.
He looks like an undead warlock himselfExplains a lot
On that day a communist was born.
Hes not a billionaire
1 in the pink 1 in the stink
mfw that guy is worth over $200 millionkill me already
lol, what fucking problem did he solve?No seriously, what kind of problem did he solve that greatly benefited humanity?
Ethereum didn't solve any meaningful problem that society had or WILL have in the future.
Its all hype, just like all the hipster start-ups in silicon valley that claim "to make the world a better place with technology XYZ".
The only people that MIGHT benefit from ethereum are jew bankers, that will try to use it in order to save on transactions costs and charge more on users.
I've seen this before but I'm still dying
he gets nothing but hate now.He only started getting hate when LINK appeared
THANK YOU BLIZZARD
The hilariously ironic thing is that ETH actually CREATED problems.
Look at all these idiots clamoring to push out shitcoin ICO's so they can make millions of dollars in 20 seconds and then run.There are 1296 motherfucking coins on coinmarketcap right now.
ETH had a hand in that.
siphon life>ever being a warlock spellwhat is this?
did they mean drain life or drain soul?
but both of those always dealt damage and still do now.
How can I make my own internet funny moneyI know html so I can code

Why doesn't Blizzard use a blockchain to balance classes?http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/7123582.stm
How much money have you made from your existential crises op?lolbasically this
Both of these are false.
way ahead of you>smug
Not yet.
He probably will be even if he gives up and doesn't do shit ever again.
If you can't figure out why legalising picture of children getting abused, leading to their widespread proliferation, might be highly unethical, then you are profoundly fucking autistic and should probably launch an ICO
Ethereum has a market cap of 28 billion and frankly it's not going to stop anytime soonThe guy has millions of tokens and you can guess the rest
yes, but only young boys - onto his cock.
He would be if he didnt keep giving shit away to charity
this is why crypto makes so much sense to mmorpg legends.
Did he make WoW money playing the auction house or did he program mining bots?
44322114433335Fuck eh, how could you associate yourself with this freak by holding eth.
You deserve to lose your money.
give it up anon nobody with any actual money is falling for this, it is clickbait tier fud
autists are coo, fuck off bully
Thanks vitalik now instead of using my gpu for.
Warcraft I use it for making money god bless.
exactly.now real life is the mmo.
irl money hacks>irl Stat buffsWew