How many coins go for years before they moon on /biz/ ODN is barely a month and a half old as a coin.
and we are going to see an app in a month for starters with news erry day.
are people being too spoiled with expectations to really take this seriously?
and if the app is dogshit on launch?
app is going to be godly.
kys :^)
Then those of us invested in it are left holding bags of dogshit
Whiy is /biz/ put so much effort into FUDing thsi coin?
It's not like you give a shit about anyone's well being.
read into game theory and u know the answer
What happen to this coin, it was getting shilled hard for awhile.seems like a solid project.
Whiy is /biz/ put so much effort into FUDing thsi coin?They announced a 2.0 rerelease on their slack.
That's not ever a good sign
This is why we'll forever be slaves, we talk about banks and government screwing us but we are our own worst enemy.
this early on it doesnt matter.
blackstone is a hardcore autist who doesnt leave the workstation that is what is good.
are they going to get on any non shit exchange?24 cents seems cheap for such small supply.
kek was it good that Antshares rereleased to NEO fucking newfag.
Antshares to NEO had China hype behind it and it really needed a change from ants to become actually professional-looking.
Obsidian already has no issues with their logo and branding, people just don't care about it right now (especially if they can't get their coin on any worthwhile exchanges)
I would do a re-release with that logo, too.
I honestly don't think it's that bad
4296249The logo is rad wtf are you talking about?
I agree, the logo is tight as fuck.
One of the nicer ones out there
4296270Guccimane's concept is much cleaner.
Looks drab and uninteresting tbqhw/ufamThe current one has color and a distinct silhouette, that thing you posted is just a circle.
My dude, you need some design classes.
I'd stick my dick in it
If design classes will make me think a gray circle looks better than this beaut' then I'd rather not
If you kept the color scheme I'd be fine with the circular design though
That's reasonable.
Not minimalist, but reasonable.