Astronaut (ASTRO) has launched on Etherdelta, days earlier than the first exchange listing is due.ASTRO is a dividend earning token run by Picolo Research, who will invest the funds raised in the ico in new icos and crypto ventures.
Token holders will share a quarterly dividend of 50% of profits, with 40% being reinvested to increase Astronaut's earning capacity.
Picolo has a proven track record of making high return picks throughout the ico boom so far: ZRX, EVX, LINK, DNT.The best part is, there's only 4 million tokens in circulation, as 46 million were burned after not being sold during ico.
That means more shares earned per coin.
Each coin is currently valued at $1 - the same as ico price.
In December they'll launch their app and pay the first dividend too.Shilling is not my strong-suit, but I wanted to share this one as I think it's very promising.
I could only afford 400 token, but with that alone I'm looking at getting a share of 0.005% share of profits made by the experts at Picolo Research on my behalf.
https://astronaut.capital/https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETH
>Shilling is not my strong-suitDon't worry, you're pretty good at it
Someone certainly is judging by the order book.
So it's $0.25 dividend per token for every $1M profit they earn on ico investments per quarter.
>Shilling is not my strong-suityour suit is strong bro
interesting op i fucking love these ED shit coinsEPY DRP now this lets gooo
SHILL ME ON THIS TOKEN
50% Dividend to Token Holdersyou're talking about COSS right?
The coin that gives you 50% dividends but in the form of all cryptocurrencies listed on the exchange?
Surely you aren't shilling some shitcoin nobody has heard of, with "token burning" (The most jewish practice on the planet and it doesnt even work for raising the token's value) are you?
Reminder that this team advised to invest in AirswapAre you really going to trust them?
If you want to know what ASTRO will do in the future, look at TAAS.
They are do the exact same thing... https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/taas/TAAS MARKETCAP: $40 millASTRO current marketcap: $3millASTRO is ran by former guy who worked at Macquarie bank (most successful investment bank in Australia, often referred to as millionaires factory)They will be paying dividends in ETH
someone sell me your fking bags i want in
It's a very one-sided book currently.
so what should i do?
eat a sell order?
There's a huge margin, maybe undercut market price and wait it out.
The trade history is fairly stable, it's just slow while token holders aren't aware of it being tradable yet.
you cant even buy this garbage.
what does that mean and where do I see market price?
not on cmc
Holy shit.
Its an ICO for a token, that will buy ICO tokens.
They do know it's traded on ED, just noone wants to trade it till it gets listed on big exchanges.
Many investors who bought in are experienced investors from TAAS and know ED is a dumping ground.
mac bank is for shitters who cant get into real ibs lol - stop shilling fucker
so do i buy or not nigga
lolMacquarie Group is 1/3 the size of Goldman Sach in terms of market cap, but if you were to rank by employee head count, each Macquarie Group employee makes more than Goldman Sach employee.
So depends how you count :)
crypto totally isnt a ponzi
so assume current market cap: 3milllets say it does 50% of what taas does.
3 mill x 7 = $21mill capso token price should be around $7 in the coming quarter, assuming it performs 50% as well as taas.this is a good buy now IF you believe the cryptomarket will continue to grow in the next 12 months.
If not, then you should sell to fiat now.
someone fill my buy order u greedy jews
I'm more excited about the dividend than the coin price increase, but looking at those stats, it's looking real nice on both counts.
Trying to get more but no damn sell volume.
time to buy is now, its listed tomorrow
cant buy it no sells