Thread 4.
I told you so anon.
How's it feel hodling on to the poor life?
And it's just going to get worse as we welcome Black Friday.
Anon you were right all along!
I didn't listen to you!!
FML now I'm a poor fag with bags full of Qsp.
Queer Sucked Penis
Fk off.Hodl for 100x.
No fudder is going to stop our moon.
KYSback above 2k soon, these shakeouts are brutal
We're going lower, just look at that obvious bulltrap on Binance.
What sort of idiot would fall for that?Hodlers!Buy buy buy buy buy!!
4525299This lol.
Easy money!
I think it will drop to 8 cents.
What do you think anyone?
Ether rally and qsp over bought.
>buy last night at 2200>panick sell at 1650>buy back in on that flash pump to 2000i think i'm going to kill myself
Dunno if this is a bulltrap with uptick of volume which is huge, could be left shoulder
are you the club retard
yeah it hasn't gotten any better i'm down another 30%
post your ETH address I'll send you something
dude please tell me your larping?
This week had a lot potential for big returns, it makes me sad you've somehow eluded them.
i appreciate the sentiment but i don't want handouts i just wanna learn to do things the right way i gotta just walk away from the pc
i'm holding req at least so it is nice to see that get a pump and not just diei'm thinking about selling all the qsp now and just buying mod it seems like a safer long term hold over the next couple weeks
Ether rally, QSP fomo buys from powr, Black Friday, ANNOUNCEMENT POSTPONED for the 2nd time in a week.Note, Yst's announcement was removed as well.
Meaning there has been no announcement except for Huobi.
Which traders don't even go to anymore.If it's not a bulltrap, I'll stop posting about quantstamp on 4chan.
Whales are just popping out to say hello.
Could dump on their shitty pump.---------------Guys, we all know QSP is going to hell till the weekend.
All news from telegram are whale hypes.
Ride the tiger.
I hope some of the ETH moon riders come and scoop up some cheap QSP.
Because of how ETH is doing, and this being an application necessary to ETH smart contract auditing, I'm holding a bit longer.
I recommend you do the same anon, even if it's just for the sake of discipline practice :-)But IDK, this guy  makes it sound pretty bleak.
Stop wasting your time with this shit.
Here's a hint, I came across this fucking token called TIO with a very low circulating supply.They just got listed on ED are yet 2 be listed on CMC.Soon to be listed on Hitbtc and Binance.
More info: 
I'm holding a pretty significant amount of Quanties.I will warn all of you.
I will dump at $0.30.My good deed of the day.
Thx for the tip anon.Facts from Official telegram.
Idk if the team is doing this on purpose.
If they really cared, why would they constantly postpone announcements and even remove the Kinetic one.In the words of their CEO, "fake proof of carers."
Street trash fudder.
Hodl.
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY!!
Buy the bulltrap!Stay poor little bag hodler.
BUY BUY BUY
shit fud mang, provide sauce or gtfo
Poor bag hodler can't afford sauce.
Someone provide him some.
i love qsp
me too dude, the last 2 days have been great to me
Sucks for everyone that sold.... they had to take down medium post because their other investors wanted to be included.
LOL
.2k>People suggesting to buy now of all thingsWhat the fuck is wrong with you
WHAT IS THIS TALK OF CANCELLED ANNOUNCEMENTS?Will there be ana announcement tomorrow and Sturday or not Thanks!
https://medium.com/quantstamp/thanksgiving-day-announcement-3ae01023572e
BLUE HEART MEANS THEY LOVE US TOO.
LET'S SPREAD LOVE TO POWER THE BLOCKCHAIN WITH PROOF OF CARING
Went all in at 1700 lambo land or bust
Thanks.I am correct, that here is ANOTHER big (bigger?)
announcement coming tomorrow?
Ahah, the coin is already dipping
dumbfuck
what is your predicition or reaching 21 cents again?
Yup no one wants this shit coinBagholders for years
So glad I just sold at .175 cents.
Really stupid that people sell on news and overreact for no reason.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Quantstamp/comments/7f1mq3/quantstamp_to_be_listed_on_bittrex_palm_beach/
yeah...
I think we all suspect that pic is not legit lol