If you're unfamiliar with "ONE BELT, ONE ROAD INITIATIVE" it's China's economic development strategy designed to strengthen an IRON GRIP on their neighbors and trading partners in Eurasia and southeastern Asia as well.Crypto currencies are going to be a factor in this economic development plan and all signs are pointing to NULS, the blockchain technology that will fuel trade and pay in the orient in the future.
Rumors are that a large payroll firm within the People's Republic of China has struck a deal with NULS.
The details aren't released obviously but hearsay is that certain workers in the PRC in certain financial sectors, etc will be paid partially in NULS and it will be used to facilitate payment.I wouldn't miss the opportunity to get in on NULS before confirmation from the Chinese government happens, or any other crypto that gets the official nod/okay from China's financial decision makers.If you want to learn more about One Belt One Road read here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Belt_One_Road_Initiative
It's BIG if it is true that a major payroll firm in China is going to deal with NULS.
That's pretty huge because given how the PRC functions it means that's a tacit approval from the Chinese government and a nod yes to utilizing NULS.
I'd like to see more on this deal before committing a large chunk of my portfolio to what is really a new coin.
The technology looks very impressive though and the white page looked good.
I'll be in big on any new news for NULS.
This could be big.
Maybe I'm missing something.
But if China is banning exchanges and bitcoin and whatever the fuck else, why would they when pay people in nuls?
Just remember, China HATES Bitcoin.. but LOVES blockchain technology.
Chinese finance ministers have a huge problem with their being only a limited number of viable reserve currencies.
I'm putting in on NULS from this research
That's not true.
They just want to regulate it and get their cut.
They are actually back to trading again, very few people are paying attention though
I meant to reply to you not to my OP in the post just above, sorry.
Not trying to samefag here.
Sounds good, but the 40% air drop kinda kills it for me
China's issue is with BTC (and a handful of other shitcoins) for political reasons.
Their problem isn't with the idea of cryptocurrency itself.
Who or more importantly WHERE do you think it's going to though?
TIP: It aint street shitters.
I don't understand what this is supposed to mean
So in the original thread there was a mention that they're involved with "Elephant Alliance Global Economy and Trade Platform" and some oldfag stockbroker was saying it must be a joke because the name is so dumb.
So I looked it up and couldn't find much info on it, but pic related suggests that this could be pretty true if big.
damn this is a slick scamstupid gweilo
The airdrop was 1:1 for people holding InChain, which was caught up in the ICO ban.
Nuls will be the platform that InChain runs on, same developers/team.
If that's the case and it signals an opening in China for NULS on this technology then should we expect this to not just moon but fucking Jupiter???
How the fuck are you deciding the white page looked good, maybe a chinese version was legit MAYBE, cause I can't read chinese, but the english version is pretty absurd.
I would be surprised if it isn't bigger than Neo in a month or two.
From there, who knows.
Nullifiers are completely retarded
Yes since InChain (Chinese) will heavily be using NULS platform and InChain is partnered with Elephant Alliance https://twitter.com/nulsservice/status/927814991939436546
Old article on InChainhttp://news.8btc.com/inchain-poise-to-be-public-blockchain-for-anti-counterfeiting-in-china
This alone is looks to be pretty huge, I assume this is what justifies the current .85 to 1.10 dollar range we're sitting at.
but this "one belt" rumor man...holy fuck, can you imagine??
Hes a shill along with OP.
See how he uses same form of writing and capitalization?
Same guy, different ips.
Maybe on laptop and mobile.
Don’t know, don’t care.
Sick of shills
Sick of FUDers with their pseudo-intellectual bullshit.
Thing is someone is being paid a lot to make sure you sell low.
Remember all the Chainlink FUD?
That was a multi-week campaign.
They tried to get it below ICO, but most everyone saw through their shit
Thats some next level shill shit if he really a shill but he's saying he's uncertain he's going to invest yet and is holding off in the meantime
So in the original thread there was a mention that they're involved with "Elephant Alliance Global Economy and Trade Platform" and some oldfag stockbroker was saying it must be a joke because the name is so dumb.
Shit translated from vastly different languages/culture often sounds dumb initially.
And that's why I didn't sell.
Fuck you fud nobody listens to it and that's why this is still up 100% per day.
By the way OP delete this.
People should research their own shit and not rely on biz to find it for them.
Also the Chinese whiteaper was written correctly, the English version was translated by some volunteer 23 year old kid who "decided to leave the technical stuff out to make it easier for westerners to understand."
This.
Stupid niggers forget China=1/5 of all humanity and due to government are increasingly going own way on crypto.
Funnily enough an on point English translation with millenial friendly gifs n sheeit won't be high up their list of priorities in their early days when they want to succeed in China and then Asia generally before thinking of ROW.
>>really big in China, gonna be used by the government>>partnering with big accounting firm>>no team names, been withheld for months after being asked in telegram multiple times>>github is literal shit (check it yourself)>>whitepaper is literal shit (check it yourself)>>hired a random guy from the US to be the English community manager, and not a professional.
Especially one that speaks Chinese.Ok biz.
Good luck.
OG thread
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i dont know what to do i bought at 15k and my bags are so heavy every buy order over 12k is getting sold into and its barely holding about i feel if it breaks under 12k again its a freefall someone tell me what to do plz
What are your thoughts on NULS vs NEO.
I would think that if the Chinese state where to back blockchain fintech it would be NEO as it appears to be much more developed and way more legit.
It went up over 10x already, from before Binance to ATH.
As an airdropped 1:1 coin btw.
You think it's going to keep pumping?
Yikes.
THE PROPHECY!
Everything OP says is bullshit.I was there last night.
I was actively discussing in NULS's telegram, waiting for the white paper to be released.The white paper got leaked like 2 hours before the scheduled time which was 20:00 Beijing time.
Some guy claimed he went through the back door and somehow got the white paper.What's important is: This is all bullshit.
I mean okay technology-wise it could be big, but THERE IS NOTHING ABOUT PARTNERSHIP (OR ELEPHANT ALLIANCE ETC) IN THE WHITE PAPER WHATSOEVER.Only vague words like "NULS technology blablabla, we will release our chain in 1-2 years etc.So I don't understand from where these people got the idea about NULS and Elephant Alliance partnership.
Maybe they're just spreading bullshit.Don't fall for this chink jew trap.
Also there is also NOTHING ABOUT ONE BELT ONE ROAD in the white paper.The white paper talks about literally ZERO partnership.
Not even one company, let alone a huge project such as the One Belt Road.
Sold my bags at a 25% loss.
I'm sure this will hit a new ATH by tomorrow morning.
% this.
I had a discussion with an engineer about this today actually, he says the whitepaper details something that WOULD be groundbreaking for crypto, but it's legit words right now.
No team, no partnerships (besides Inchain which will use it IF/WHEN this NULS chain comes out).
Check github for yourself -- it's basic code.
This is the literal definition of a whitepaper project.
The Nuls devs are the InChain devs, check the GitHub.
One of the devs was also posting screenshots of the working code, which is supposed to be pushed to the public repo on Monday.
Elephant Alliance partnership Was confirmed by them in the slack.
Have a look, it's dead on there so you won't have to scroll up much.
It's also true that I don't see anything on the slack about one belt.
If this is case then there is some major miscommunication going on.
I asked Nuls on Slack and they said that they're partners, and that Inchain team is NOT the Nuls team.
We'll see what Monday brings.
Rumors are that a large payroll firm within the People's Republic of China has struck a deal with NULS.>RumorsA random guy on telegram that bought high probably.
This.
I was in the telegram, these guys want to pump this fucking coin, but everyone there knows it's shit.
Literally NO ONE knows shit about the coin.
It's probably a random chinaman laughing at how easy it is to manipulate the market.
Dude the whale in the very first thread said this.
When it was less than 10 cents
Yeah....them releasing the whitepaper 2 hours early, I will never invest in this coin.
I went to work and get home at 7:40PM.
Fuck these assholes.
Didn't lose much, but still.
unless you bought at the peak you are full of shit, no one has lost money on this yet.
And if you did buy at peak, just hold off until next round of moon missions, we had like 5 or 6 yesterday.