Ok now this shit has me fucked up.
ETP by all rights should be rising.
This fucking coin has released so much good news, it's original, and has so much potential.
Why the fuck does it keep going down.
I'm at my fucking wits end and needed to vent really.
calm down homey.
Bittrex soon.
Then moon.Buy cheap and get rich.
Maybe because you fuckers used all your moon fuel news before the fork drama lmao fewking newbs.
I've been in crypto since before you lol.
That's why I KNOW it should be rising.
I hope Binance add's it soon...
It is pretty much the 80% of my portfolio but I don't like the coordinated shilling that seems to happen here especially during the yanks working hours.
It makes me doubt it for some reason
There's too much distracting shit going on.
First you had China FUD, then the cancelled fork, now BCH pump and dump.
When things settle a bit and people have the bandwidth to start looking for smart buys again (and/or when there's some good news from China) ETP should take off.
It's very undervalued right now.
Look on the bright side: you've got more time to accumulate.
I wish I could buy it anon, I really do but shittrex won't let me withdraw.
ETP is one of the rare coins that doesnt constantly get shit shilled in biz - at least one sign it could be a decent coin
i love this shit too, but i am always unsure how really chink these companies are.
i dumped all my xas when i sawn the asch explorer pagwe had a "western" map of the world (americas, on left and europe/niggaz on right).
chink use an eastern "map" with their shit as the center of the world.
so i think its a bunch of biz fags posing as chinks.
sold that shit and put it in monero.look at sumokoin.
shit should be a moon mission.
basically the exact same thing as monero, cheaper, and supposed to be a jap coin.
its easy to mine (like monero) so i think that shit should take off to the moon in a year when crpyto hits the japs hard, but for some reason i think it was made by another /biz/ faggot.buy this shit now during the dip
when are the chinks going to start trading aye gain?
Atleast Metaverse's CEO is great.
I saw his 2 interviews and hes implementing digital identities just like the Chinese govt wants.
Its $100 million marketcap so i see it going atleast to $500 million when China opens back up, especially if its in bittrex then.
Im just hoping it outpaces Neo in that bullrun.
4352025no fucking cluebut when they do, shit should take off.
whoever turns out to the govt's pick for crpto's is going to fucking make it.
people talk neo as "eth" of china but i don't buy it.
i think its run by westerners behind the scenes and the ceo is a face.
could you fucking imagine if the communists use etp for digital identities or business blockchain?
all shit is run by govt there, and they always use chinese shit only.
so unless there is insider information, we don't know who they'll go with.
but if we hit the lottery and its etp, we are fucking rick bitches
Neo is already confirmed China govt coin, but Metaverse will be able to participate and thats what Im hoping for, a bigger return when china enters again.
Where is proof that neo is confirmed to be china's govt coin.
sure bud.
i don't speak ching chong or have chingchong news sources.
i don't know what the dog boilers really think about etp or neo.
that's mainly why i don't have much shekels tied up in etp.
there's enough uncertainty in crypto without adding a language barrier.
Da Hongfei is the "hidden" link of Neo officially being the chinese govt chain.
NeoX will interconnect Neo and Onchains DNA blockchain.
Also the new digital identity ICO is one of the key components for Neo and the govt.
But with QTUM at $800 million...ETP should be able to do that atleast...from $100 million
Proof?
critical thinking skills damn.lol proof Trump was going to win?
Nobody has proof, just connect the dots.lol Hes had help from inside the government multiple times, they even ask him how to proceed on regulating crypto...Neo will be the #1 crypto in china.
It wont be the currency, but it will be the Alibaba of crypto there.
Incorrect, Eric actually has more connections within the government than Da (which Eric has stated in interviews).
Wherever you have deduced this from is woefully left of field.