Civic (Vinny Lingham and Jonathan Smith) will be delivering two presentations at the North American Blockchain Expo in front of such representatives for Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo, MasterCard, etc TODAY.
They are the only coin on Bittrex speaking at this conference.
Subsequently, I've seen signals that CVC will be the coin of today and Teeka already announced that this week's pick will not be an energy coin.
CVC is already up 20% from -11% to 11% on Bittrex within the last two hours.
Good luck, boys.Link: https://blockchain-expo.com/northamerica/track/blockchain-technologies/
Moon, here we come!
I feel like this is going to boom as soon as the BTC run is over.
People are realizing that SLR isn’t the coin
what a terrible concept for a coin.
Plus there are lots of other Digital Identity Verification blockchain companies out there
This is definitely a better candidate than POWR, fits the profile very well.
yeah, slr's shitPOWER does not fit into speculation even thought its greatwhat else it might be, fellow /biz/tards?
But there can only be one and who is showing face and brushing shoulders with the biggest interests?
Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo, MasterCard
Thank you for this, looks like I got in early and things are gearing up for a rally
it was already leaked that cvc is the coin.
I heard he got mad and made all the things private
Just bought 31,000 (10k USD of it) broke the sell wall - let's go.
These posts are Asian Whale Club BS news to get people off SLR and to hold their CVC bags while they move into SLR.CVC is great, but don’t fall for this.
Man I hate those guys.
Where did u see this leak
Vinny will stutter the whole fucking time.
Ok we ready to up, let's buy little more.
Fucking sell wall on bittrex
It's clear to pump :o
CVC is it!
Load up while you can.
and the price is still good pre PBC!
How do you know it is CVC?
Lol it's not that complicated guys.1) CVC is massively oversold right now.
All time lows.2) High chance of being PBC coin3) "Huge announcement" coming soon that Vinny says he is waiting for BTC drama to cool off before unveiling4) This event.Like... even if only HALF of the reasons to buy thios are true, it's a buy.