I'm only going to post this once.>I'm not going to bump thisThis is the most valuable tip in crypto history.
st Hint: the picture obviously.
If you don't give two shits and just buy ZRX by Feb 1st 2018, you'll be extremely happy with your investment.2nd and final hints:V?($1bn)+Ethereum=?E.M.
+ T.M.
+ DubaiGZDRAXX?BITFINEX+ZRX=ETHfinex.GZDRAXX+OMG=?OMG+?If you dig, you will find.January 30, 2018.
ZRXHolding heavy bags since 7k sats, I've just given up on it.
It's just money gone for me.
You'd better get used to it too.
either way im heavy with 0x and OMG so i hope i will get my porsche
so what is this a decentralized exchange with its own kind of currency where people can also create their own projects with its own tokens or something
Ethfinex won't even run on ZRX.
ZRX is too slow.
They've just created a way you can do a trade or two on the Ethfinex platform using ZRX.
I was balls deep in ZRX until I realised it was slow, clunky and isn't really an improvement over Etherdelta.
Let's look at a comparison.ZRX exchange:First you need to wrap your ETH.
That's 1 transaction on the blockchain.
Now if you don't have any ZRX you need to buy some.
That's 2 transactions on the blockchain.
Now you can finally complete the trade you were after in the first place.
That's 3 transactions on the blockchain.
Now if you didn't use all your WETH you need to unwrap it again.
That's 4 transactions on the blockchain.
Now you need to remember not to wrap all your ETH because you still need some to perform these 4 transactions.Etherdelta:Deposit ETH to your wallet on Etherdelta.
That's 1 transaction.
Fill someones order, that's 2 transactions on the blockchain.
Withdraw your coins from Etherdelta, that's 3 transactions.
Now you also need to remember to leave a bit of ETH in your normal wallet to do these transactions.See the whole concept that ZRX is making this whole thing easier is a bit of a lie.
Really they are just swapping apples for oranges and it's as hard or harder to use than good old etherdelta.
only ICO on 30 January is Lydia, but that's a shitcoin if I ever saw one
Also you should remember that Raiden is bringing out an exchange of it's own.
And it is going to blow all other decentralised exchanges out of the water.
This is how it will work:Deposit ETH/token to Raiden payment channel.
That's 1 transaction.
Trade as many times as you want instantly without touching the blockchain.
Withdraw your coins back to your wallet.
That's 2 transactions.I tried to talk to the devs about raiden but they kept saying it wouldn't be a competitor.
The only good thing to come from ZRX will be a portal like shapeshift so token exchanges can be automated behind apps.
But this could be done with Bancor or Kyber as well, so it has competition.
u wont even see zrx in most things.
like mkr and REQ r using it but you wont see it