Massive pump happening this afternoon/evening
Yes and another fucking drop right after that to sub pre-pump levels.
y
please be true so i can drop my bags
why are people invested in this?
Because of banks, zero fees and fast transaction times?
What about smart contracts?
BaaS seems to be saturated market
Oh, you mean you’re dumping your bags?
To be honest, whoever believes this shit deserves to lose money.
If you are stupid enough to let posts like this push you towards buying ANYTHING, you should not be in charge of your money.
You should be back in the crib, bottle in hand, having Mom wipe your ass and cook you tendies.
sauce?
Lock up announcement?
Damn its about time, just bought 100k
What the actual "point" of XRP for the average person?
As I understand it, banks will use it as a bridge currency when doing international and inter-bank transfers for quicker processing.
But why is the coin itself publicly traded?
Why is etherium traded?
Or litecoin?
They are intended as "payment" coins and have a use for the individual.
I can buy Etherium or LTC as an investment, or I can use them to buy goods.What can anyone do with Ripple outside of Banks?
nothing.
That's why people hate on it because it's not a real "cryptocurrency"
I can send it more efficient to my family to india
What will they do with it?
Use it at yes bank or icic and convert it to IR
Too bad they can't use it to wash the poo poo from their teeth.
Why do I need 20 XRP before coinbase lets me make deposits through BTC, fucken hellWill translate Japanese smut for some changerGiUWV3Bt6AuXTNG8egmFb8DUkZV1gB9BD
back to /pol/
Part of the XRP system is that a slight amount gets used up every time it is sent
That's quite reasonable, I retract my earlier fucken hell
It has a double usage as far as I can tell.
For one, it stops spam transactions clogging the system (no spammer will spend 20-25 XRP every time just to clog the system up).
The other usage is that each transaction makes XRP worth slightly more as there are less in circulation.
road to 0,5$?????
?