I just made a lot of money in BTC past hour.
Did you?
inbetween shitposting on /pol im surprised.
HahahahahahAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'm detecting some hostility.
Cryptocurrency was invented by a White man using an Asian name.
white>americanyeah theres only a 50% chance of that being true
% goddammit
>white american here
10 minute reminder that Cryptocurrency was invented by a White man using an Asian name.
You should all thank your nearest White friend today.
nigga couldn't handle /pol/ so he came to /biz/>/biz/ also knows amerimutts aren't whiteHow can one amerimutt be so thoroughly BTFO?
Kekked at the picture
All of these eternal butt blasted British-Anglos still mad because Hitler bombed them.
Stay mad
Its literally crashing right now you made nothing unless you sold.
American>whiteI'm guessing this specimen is at most le 15%
kek at that painting
5 minute trend line consolidation>It's crashingFucking 12 year old
7900loving your delusion
doesn't know how to read charts and indicators>says they don't matter because he's sub-90 IQ and can't understand themStay mad
reads charts like a retard>orders filling at 7800 alreadywith 60% sell volume
Looks at the 1 minute timeline in desperation trying to make himself look informed.>Get's offended when he reads the word 'White'
amerimutt>whiteloving every laugh
Congrats OP on your pile of shit you've made here, seriously.
You must feel pretty good about all this attention you're getting.
Likewise
i thought it was ok to be white
Yeah, sure.
So what?
The point is that it wasn't ok, for a long time, in many parts of the U.S. to be other than white.
>bitfinex pumping it at 8010>everyone else is selling>i-its j-just a c-corrcetion l-line 5 m-minute t-trend i s-swearfucking retard
And look how much better things are now.
Oh wait, this is the UK... nevermind.
LOL!!!!!
$985 from a $350 investment my man.
Haha deal with it white boy
Begs for White sympathy one second.
Attacks Whites the next second.LOL, stay scared.
White American Here
Parasites off White civilization and White inventions like Digital Currency>Tells his family he's a brown skinned super genius>His hood thinks he's taking down WhiteyLOL!
we see you
Stay mad
Huh?I mean, sorry about your life and all.
But it's not my fault, or anyone else's, that you can't seem to rise above your own shit.
American>WhiteHighly unlikely
huh?That sub-90 IQ parasite tier acting up.
BTFO 
I hodl it, not really planning on selling for quite some time, I do buy dips but thats about it.
Help a fellow White man in a struggle, if you feelin generous1LdtXD6Riuw9Jx2B8C3Wc5xMjjq9qKoNc9
Look at all of these subhumans who came into this thread.
The White Man always on top of things.
Get the fuck outta here.White men own the Moon.
We got our dick flags on it, bitch.
You are one dumb fucking faggot, kid.
LOL!