Hi, I'm the Anon who posted about HST a couple days ago with the photo of moon to top right and horizon state written in the middle.
Anyways, that ship is still sailing but today I bring to you the next one.BCPT- Still below ICO price- Only on ED- App release on Friday - Not shilling anymore, done my part.
Just wanted to give back to biz
MOON!!!!!!!!!!!
Next ED coin pump ongoing!
Get in biz bros!!!
https://etherdelta.com/#BCPT-ETH
FOMOed in
HAHAHAHA
1.
Why price pumping - because awareness is slowly building and we are undervalued.
Plus there are some great announcements coming next week.2.
When exchange listing - no one knows the date, but team is working with exchanges including one big exchange (don’t know which one) and we will most likely hear the news from exchange itself3.
What was ico price - around $0.224.
How much BCPT raised and did they sell out - 47000 ETH ($8M) and yes, fully sold out
https://etherdelta.com/#BCPT-ETHwhy do you guys buy these random shitcoins then start wondering how you lost your money?Why cant people make a smart investment just once in their life and buy and hold Astro just for this week?
You laugh and we make profits....
The team seem serious.
They don't allow price or trading talk in their official telegram.
Unlike Confido, for example.
already pumped and about 0.0001 ETH from hitting a 70 ETH sell wall with no support to buy above 0.00078.go dump on reddit or something.
fuck off
https://etherdelta.com/#BCPT-ETHYou must serious be lacking any commonsense.
Clearly weak FUD.
Buy orders are now starting to come in.
This is just the beginning for Blockmason, it has been lowkey and underrated since its release.
Lol okay pajeet thanks for your valuable insight
it's only on etherdelta, brainlet, it can't be "already pumped"
Anyways the people selling are the ones who had been holding this bag since a month.
But it's just getting the volume and with all the news on the way, the pump hasn't even begun
this is a weak shill thread.
the anon who did the big HST thread did the BIZ a major solid and wrote up a great summary.
didn't just give us a one liner like this.
what was ico price in eth?
why should i buy this?
who else comfy as fuck?shame im a portfoliolet who can only put 1 ETH at a time into stuff for the most part
I agree the other anon gave a great summary but I have been seeing this as a great buy in telegram channels all over.
Should be headed to a big exchange soon still below ICO