Should I sell my LINK stack for NEO
link is failure.
you are failure for even pondering this
It starts its moonride at the moment you sell.
Literally 500x in minutes, so you'd fill the circle of biz-member; buy high, sell low
Fucking retardYou will never make it if you're that easily swayed from pump to pumpWhy did you even invest in LINK in the first place?
Its never going to moon because its a piece of shit scamcoin
4469132"You have been warned /biz.
Chainlink and NEO will not save you.
INVEST IN MEMES."
- Psychedelic Tiwarii
Yes, I'd recommend the following strategy:- sell Link now very low to buy NEO that already pumped - then sell NEO low and buy Link when it pumps
4469140So i should crash the LINK market is what you’re saying?
I doubt your 1k stack of link is enough to move the price $0.01
I dumped 150K yesterday I’ll dump more after work
If NEO is worth less than $40 this time tomorrow I want you to make a thread apologising to me saying: I will not chase pumps and I will not be weak handed
nice LARP
Not.
Nervous bagholder
I keep seeing giant bag holders of link getting dumped on /biz/, so that means it will probably go to the moon someday.
Nice
someone would buy your shit.
but everybody sees through your pathetic larping anyway.
so sell everything (your 1k LINK) and commit suicide when it takes off.
Have fun with you scamcoin with 1 fat useless developer.
I will.
Have fun keeping the FUD up so you can keep accumulating.
Doing gods work son
Never sacrifice your long-term holds to FOMO buy moon missions that are already in progress.And I'm not saying that ChainLink is a good or bad investment, but when you buy something and hold it, remind yourself why you bought it in the first place.
If you truly believe in its future, then do you really think it's a good idea to sell it all now, and then potentially lose it all on a gamble, and then not have enough to buy back as much LINK as you had before?
You should sell your LINK stack now before you it's Confido2.0 all over again, which is about a month away.
go into ARK or BQX if you want a company that is going to make it.
Do not give up your LINK bro.
Believe me.
When LINK moons and you're not on the ship, you will want to kys for real.
I don't want to see that happen to anyone.
A fate worse than death.
4469627446956344695074469368
no one is buying this shit fuck off