How expensive would it be to start/buy a company somewhere in Africa?
She is really pretty, damn
Who dis?
What kind of company?
Where in Africa?
It's a pretty big place
Hello my friend.
I'm member of Nigerian royalty and I'm very glad to help you.
Just send me 100,000$ with Western Union and I'll take care of rest.
I started a company in the UK for a few hundred £'s.
So, I expect it'd be a lot cheaper in Africa.
>start/buy a company>When china is looking to buy up the continentbetter start learning a new language OP
I toyed around with the idea of importing powdered milk for cheap from Europe and turning it to fluid milk and sell it for a relatively low price.
I’ve thought of this before.
You seem to have not put that much research/thought into it.
Africa is a massive continent with diverse countries.
You’ll want to choose a country that has a market for your business, is NON FACTA COMPLIANT (if you’re a US citizen) so you can not get double taxed by the IRS (look up facta on your own) and a place that is friendly to foreigners and foreign business owners.
Found more of this QT
Is this a meme?
You are supposed to take goods from the third world and sell them to the first, not the other way around, retard.
PMCs to defend you from nigger raids are pretty expensive.
Wrong.
Where do you think the third world gets all of their food from, you mong?
Most of the agri goods come from the European Union, which produces a massive surplus of milk which gets bought up by large companies and is then turned into powdered milk and sold for cheap to Africa.
Super wrong.
Where I live a PS4 is like 3x or 4x the us price.
isnt 95% there lactose intolerant?
Doesn't seem to stop them from gobbling as much milk as they can get.
The chinks can't stomach it too and yet they are the biggest growth market for European dairy products.
BLACKED
Yeah there's pockets of lactose tolerant Africans in Central Africa and Ethiopia but that's about it.
Think I recall there being 3 independent developments/mutations resulting in lactose tolerance in humanity with 1 in Europe, 1 in Mid.
East and 1 in N. East Africa.
No they sell milk all throughout africa dumbass
Wonder how long it takes her to melt her hair into that shape everyday.
Start a company in rural South Africa in the Western Cape province.
It's the best place to grow a business rigth now in Africa because their economy is a bit less stagnant than the rest of the continent.Also don't be white
Some black people have straight hair.
Thoughts on Botswana or Namibia?
Would be nice to get some Insights besides BLACKED or KANGZ postings
Pick your type of company...McDonalds would be my first starting point.
This has to be fake.
It look spraytanned.
that's something you don't want.
ever.
But why though?
Black peopleYou mean the BLEACHED ones right?
Show me any actual 100% African with straight hair.
You can tell by the sides of her hair it's nappy too.
Lol you idiot, plenty of east Africans have straight hair
just watch 'Empire of Dust'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtsa0MT2H4I
This.
Not all sub-saharan Africans are the same.
The North-East Africans often have straight hair, lighter skin, and more delicate/Mid-East or European like facial features.
It is already done.
Stable countries, developing fast, but you'll have trouble finding the commodities you are used to and you'll need to carry condoms with you at all times.
why would you even try?
Because they are mixed.
Morocco economy is booming.
You just need an idea.
Someone which doesn't exist there and solves a problem.
The youth all have a smartphone but tech services are very scarce so there is a massive market.
It's almost like they're mixed with straight haired Arabs or something, hmm weird!