I have 500EUR which i dont give a fuck if i lose them.Tell me in which Coin I should invest them.Planning on holding a longer time.Thinking of REQ?
What do you say?
LINK/thread
u gotta read into it yourselfeveryone here will just shill you his bags
like this little specimen over hereas we observe he choosen the link tokenit is best to leave this creature aloneelse it might call his fellow link friendswe do not want that.
Link honestly has the biggest moon potential but we just dont know when it will happen.
Could be 1 month or 2 years.
https://bittox.com/2017/11/13/leaked-palm-beach-confidential-november-edition/STORJ.
ZOIN
BTC and wait 20 years
BitbayDon't cry if you miss the boat
Req market cap is $35million.
Easy 3x in a few months.
100% STORJ
1000% yes Request
LTC and ETH
Netko
If you have only 500 and you want a higher risk coin, for higher reward, you should not put your money in a coin like ethereum or litecoin.
Those are slower growth, less risk coins which sounds like something you don't want.I recommend trig.
Trig is a smartgun technology coin and they also focus on drone technologies.
They have had a high of $2.50 and are now around $.50 with a market cap around 16 or 17 million.
The reason I recommend them is because they have a meeting in 2 weeks with the USA department of defense and NASA.
I believe it will pump to the moon.When you double or triple your money I recommend selling it and returning for more umm... "Advice".
Or you could put the gains in some lower risk coins like ethereun, bitcoin or litecoin then.
IOTA
Btc
MOD
OMG is going to be massive next year.
Don't let the fudfags dissuade you.
HST
ARN (Aeron)About to get listed on Binance.
Easy 2x if not more.
STRAT
UFR for quick gains.
Big chunk of the coin supply is getting burned soon, and it is already trading at 10x ICO price and not even on exchanges yetYou have to use etherdelta to get it right now, unless you wait for exchanges but it should hit 20x-100x on exchange
ZAP (zap.store ICO) easy 3xNLC2
Unironically, storj.
put it in OMG at all time low and wallet release is coming out before end of Dec
a vanguard fund you faggotif you can't give 10 minutes to look at a chart once or twice a week you should not be in charge of your moneylet someone else deal with it
The amount of shitcoins biz is peddling is sickening.
ETH, OMG, NEO, ARK fall within patrician tastes.
WALTON is pushing it.The rest is shit and should generally be ignored.
Myself ive got substratum as an actual gamble.
REQ is fine.
So is LINK.
But if you are prepared to lose those 500€ then buy COSS.
$5 million market cap.
It might die or it might go 100x.
>I have 500EUR which i dont give a fuck if i lose them.woah.
badass.
4364437lmao

STORJ or miss the moon mission
dat woman in OP pic.Can be reposted as many times as possible, can never get sick of her.The type of women a cock cries in happy tears
Probably one of the few that doesn't want to shill you, Monero (XMR), is a pretty safe bet, it should rise in value soon enough.
Do your research.If you want some risk but possibly decent reward NEO could be good, going to be pushed from Asia, it is a chinese coin.Anything else is such a low possibility that you might aswell just gamble it on roulette, saves you the wait.And of course, BTC is the safest best, but you're going to have to hodl long.