Who /staying in alts till all this shitstorm passes/ here?Which alts are you guys in?
LINK, REQ, CFDFuck that other bs
LINK, OMG, ETP, VEN
LINK and REQ I like pain
disgusting faceand not even asian
LINK, ARK, ODN, OMG, NEO
LINK CFD and just 1 BCH for the keks
LINK ALWAYS
42987414298760LINKmeme'd to death by /biz/same here tho, LINK REQ AST
lol LINK bagholder threadY'all got played
No, I was aware of LINK just before it started getting mentioned here
makes me wonder how much % of LINK is held by /biz/ the thought of this entire board making it thanks to this shit memecoin makes me feel all fuzzy inside
Monero and Stellar Lumens
It happened before with ETH.
Hell people were giving out free BTC years ago on /g/.
It can happen again
$TKN the obvious one.
Release Q4 2017
Imagine the things that could happen if a few thousand of us made it really big
Kyber.And it is doing pretty well
Nobody will ever give out free shit ever again because of all the third worlders constant begging.
all my alts are bleeding because this abomination bch sucking all the volume out of the market just like it's retarded father did just one week agofuck that shitshould have held tether instead
Hey don't worry anon.
Quad 8s is pretty good luck
RPX and OMG
LINK of course.
LINK and OMGI like to think that investing in financial systems is good for the future of money systems
All in NEO and GAS.Doesn't matter if it loses 30% of its fiat value it will return when this flippening nonsense is all over.
This and NULS.
Fucking comfy as fuck desu senpai
Yeah, I could definitely see another $4 pump again.
The team doesn't really market or communicate at all though, so that's the only thing that's hindering the price.
No one knows what the fuck TKN is now, and it has too much competitors who has the spotlight because of recency bias.
And you wonder why I'm backing NULS?
Meme magic is real.
Bts lsk
SALTcomfy af
this is pretty comfy as well actually.
Safex this will 20 x in 2018
slowly buying sonm.
yea what a boring market zzzz.
basically 90% in alts right now, dumped by btc ytd, but alts are just bleeding out for god knows why
% MAID
RCN
You're an idiot if you're not shorting/longing RIGHT THE FUCK NOW.
LINKVTCVENIOCEVXREQI'm comfy.
Won't even check my blockfolio for a while, until this fucking retarded bitcoin shit passes
Who is this girl?
She looks like my wife's materialistic older sister.
Holding REQ, LINK, ETP (w/ 1x leverage), OMG, WAN.
0% BTC/BCH
I'm in RDN, ETH and RLC.I wait to see who will win the match, if BCH marketcap overcome BTC one then it's over for corejews but in the meantime I will wait.
if BCH marketcap overcome BTCI meant ETH.
LTCI love that through this whole cluster fuck, ltc has stayed stagnant.
Makes me moist.
We're already powerful and our shilling can make coins moon.
If we were rich too the things we could do, we could probably make our own bitcoin fork and meme it into #1.
Could call it Bitcoin Link.
not bizcoin
ETH and COSS.
Fuck this Bitcoin shit.
Tether.check your USD values kids, all your alts are going to shit.
All in monero
VTC, NAV, NEBL, SUB, i'm still up a few hundred dollars.
ARK REQ SALT
SALT
all in on Ardor.
MainNet will pump it hard in december.ALso next ETH
I don't know but when everyone biz decided to withdraw all link from binance only 16k link were left in binance wallet.That's crazy.
Flipped remaining BTC to ETH @ 7100.The rest (~70%) in REQ, VEN, MOD, WTC, & LRC.
Largest holding is MOD because it's a no-brainer and will 3x before EOY.
Easy

all in
MTL, WTC KMD LRC.
fuck it and hodl
Listen to the green id.
I need to consolidate some of my holdings... making good trades now but still making a lot less than when I would go balls deep on what I knew were good plays, but lost a lot on one bad trade and now I'm playing scaredBCH, WTC, BNB, KMD, a little REQ, VEN, RLC
i amLINK, BAT , NEO , FUN , OMGThese will make me rich when the next crypto rush happens 2018.
The ultimate bagholder.
Can't we just make our own coin already w/ atomic swaps and lightning network?
Can we end it all?
VEN
I have none.what should I buy?a majority of u said link req xmr omg what should I buy.
(I would totally pay a jew to trade for me this is time consuming)
REQ/NEO/OMG/KYBER/LRC
RNS/SEM(OTC)/BIS
WAVESPicked it without much thought but it's pretty stable and solid.
Fuck trying to guess the outcome of BTC vs BCH
Also LINK of course
Hey don't worry anon.
Quad 8s is pretty good luckand they fucking workedi'm like 50% in xmr and it is green again
Hahah Mod and zcg are immune to all the justing heheh me is comfy
% Ardor
neo, omg, xmr, xml, ark, xvg, and qrl
yes sirs I will trade your coin for a measely 0.005% fee.
pls send it all in eth to my addreess
chekd