>Buy homes with large down payment of which most of it is gifted by their parents.
>Lease BMW 3-series coupes, Audis, and Lexus and act like they bought that shit.>Follow in their boomer parents footsteps by buying stupid shit like Rolexes and monogram bags, then spend most of their time posting about it on Facebook saying stupid shit like "muh-success and muh-following your dreams and muh-hard work" when in reality they would be a debt slave to the Cabal if not for their parents.
> enjoy their lives> don't even know green texting peon exists on indonesian betta breeding website
rip op
/b/
yep, we all hate rich people, thats why we're in the absolute shadiest industry in society trying to get out of wage slavery
This you tell em OP
Make it in crypto and then maybe you won't be so salty about some dumb trust fun kiddies.
I guarantee you retarded normalfags blowing their inheritance on useless shit won't piss you off when you're loaded.
Fuck you, I like my Rolex.
Rolex are for little bitches that don't know shit about watches and just want something to be like oh look muh Rolex
I gotta a rollie on my arm and im rolling shawn dawn and i got the best weed casue i gots it going onya
Right?
Make your own stupid children OP
yup OP I am one of these men you speak of I am 25 years old and have decided to go my own way and do the honorable thing.
Fight against the cabal.
I do not accept money from my parents any more.
Feels good man but to be fair I did earn my degree and success in my own personal career.
Been a poorfag all my life.
Actually on a college campus rn where most of the alumni are trust fund rich kid faggots.
Hate em all
Grew up poor10lbs of ground beef and Rice cost $10.
Feed our family of 6 for days.
Handouts on Xmas ... been there.Food banks?
Been thereWorries your parents are going to lose the house?
Been thereFoodstamps?
Been thereFunny my Best friend is one the OP described millionaire family... love him to death.
Were from the opposite sides of the tracks but like brothers.
Buy homes with large down payment of which most of it is gifted by their parents.
> buy homes with large down payment> most of it is gifted by their parentsUpper middle class != Rich tier>Lease BMW 3-series coupes, Audis, and Lexus and act like they bought that shit.BMW 3-series, Audis, and Lexus != Rich tier>Follow in their boomer parents footsteps by buying stupid shit like Rolexes and monogram bags, then spend most of their time posting about it on Facebook saying stupid shit like "muh-success and muh-following your dreams and muh-hard work" when in reality they would be a debt slave to the Cabal if not for their parents.> in their boomer parents footsteps> rolexes and monogram bags> boomer> rich> b-o-o-m-e-r> r-i-c-hHoly shit OP is retarded.Everything you've stated is upper middle class parents that have refinanced their two houses that are still not paid off and have multiple credit cards with balances.
They're no where near rich tier you inbread.
Rolex are for poorfags who cant afford a patek Philippe.
I grew up poor as fuck.
Stop smoking pot and jerking off and you won't be the kind of dude that posts this shit.
Pic related my "wearin around Rolex".
upside down pic> muh wearin around RolexMore like "muh fake rolex I bought on eBay for $100 that I occasionally post on an anime image board."
Please kid, define for me flex.Fuckin' turbo tard.
If you're poor then get to work immediately and do not let other stupid shit distract you like the state of society.
Stay off of /pol/ and just work on being fit and making money.
t. retarded poor 29 year old in last year of undergrad because I was a homeless fuck through early twenties.
If I traveled looking for "more to life" less and worked more I wouldn't be sleeping in my car for crypto gambling money right now.
Just work.
Most people are stupid everywhere anyway and the modern world doesn't have culture.
Traveling with money is way better anyway.
I call them young boomers since they seem to share the same views on economics and the use of weath as their parents
pajeet phillippe
Richard, this is your father.Get of 4chan.
Unless they're in tech or have their own business their careers are gonna end abruptly at some point in the near future then they're fucked.
This already happened to a friend of mine.
Robots are gonna replace a lot of shit.
not bitter like you bc they're what you wish you were>not butthurt bc they mind their own lives >not crying salty virgin tears onlineDo blacks wish they were white?
Of course they do.
Same goes for you.
Stay wishing kid!
I like mine too, durable and not flashy, if i was interested in oh look muh i'd go buy something expensive
crypto>shadiest industryTake about sheltered lmao!
absolute shadiest industry in societyKek'd because true
t. sheltered suburban kid that flunked out of college
what is human trafficking?>what drug smuggling?>what is arms trafficking?sheltered autist faggots confirmed
HOW DO YOU KNOW MY HISTORY
i wish i had my same outlook on life and current level of humility but with the support of super rich parents.
Life would be so fucking good right now I can't even imagine.
Instead I'm likely destined for 20+ more years of wagecucking.
i'm sorry you didn't have anybody help you out in the game of life.
don't be upset at people who did though.
you have to use whatever tools you have at your disposal mate.
Lol I know this guy who started a business in the mall selling fucking miniature gardens in glass jars.
His parents bankrolled the entire thing because seriously what serious bank would give someone a loan for something as retarded sounding as glass jars with little gardens in them?
Anyway, by some miracle it ended up being successful and all he does is post about it on FB and he acts like he did it all on his own when he would literally be working at a fucking supermarket if not for his rich parents.
Peter Parker is that you?
I'm dirt poor but why would I be mad and rich people with supportive parents?
?go be jealous on /r9k/ you autistic faggot
thisfaggot