HOLY FUCK.
REVERSE GOOGLE IMAGE SEARCH THE NON BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE OF Claus Ehrenberg (Blackstone) AND I GOT PIC RELATED.
STOLEN IDENTITY, HE DOESN"T EXIST JUST LIKE CONFIDO CEO.
FUCK FUCK FUCK!
Worry not, Pravik Pàjeet will sort him out
PIC RELATED
Holy.shit he is right
two different people retard
Confido 2.0 about to hit
O nooooooKys OP
He has no social media either.Also cant find shit on tamico.io.
this reeks of shade
I'm amazed how many FUD threads there of a coin that has less than 5 Bitcoin 24hr trading volume.
Indeed I will.
4474205It's not even the same guy!
Thanks op just sold 100k
Guys please keep up the FUD im not done accumulating
well this is what happens when a coin with less than 5 Bitcoin 24hr trading volume have 5+ spam pajeet tier post about it every day for a month straight
Leave the Sihks alone, they're the only good things to come from India
thisbiz is infatuated with this literally who?
coin
They literally posted pictures of themselves at the London meetup.
Please stop the stupidity, no one cares you bought at ath like a fucking retard.
They added address search, dev work is moving quick, github is active, all in all its looking positive.
I can't find their github
/biz/ fud is a strong buy signal.
This thread made me look further into ODN than every shill thread combined.
Still a shitcoin tho.
As someone who lives around a lot of them, fuck that noise.
I find Hindu people to be across the board respectful people in Canada, and Sikhs to be insufferable mongrels.
They live like animals and ruin every neighbourhood they move into.
Lmao who cares about this claus fucker.
just looking at the ceo's linked in tells me it's super legit.
yes, it's true.
blackstone is not a person, it's German hacker group actually
holy shit
Sikh fool
I'm about to buy 100 of these shitcoins to take part in the meme.
Let's do this fags
Nah bruh.
You’ve got it backwards.
Claus IS obsidian.
Did any of you lepers believing this FUD actually tried clicking on these links from the search results?
The names there are not even related to the guy's picture.
He is simply one of their followers on that website.For fuck's sake you bunch of braindead dumbfucks, stop being so gullible.