This is huge

is this groestlcoin again
YEWGE
how do i buy 100k?
/biz was told to buy this a week ago, they don't listen don't waste your time, fuck em
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
What coin is this
LITERALLY SAID THEY (((TALKED)))) TO THEM.
THE OTHER SENTENCE SAYS IT'S A (((POSSIBILITY))))...........SCAMBOIZ........DO YOUR KEGELS, SAVE THE MANHOOD.
Last time I bought Trig at .76, it immediately shit the bed to .38 cents.
Fuck.
Off.
Faggot.
trig is a shitcoin dont fall guys kevin barnes says hodl buy the dip how u can trust a stupid guy like him
Kevin Barnes is a Dickweed.
I Read It On The Internet So It Must Be True
why capitalize the word dickweed, dickweed
Because he is a capital dickweed, Dickweed.
biggest actual news in crypto in awhile
Kevin Barnes and his Three Musketqueers are gracing us with their presence tonight, Lads.
why let a good opportunity go to waste.
You faggots took my money, now I am costing you some.
Karma's a Bitch.
lol
Trig will never take off, because smart guns are fucking retarded and are universally despised by gun owners.