ok, biz guys.
I listned you and brought some at 38$, looks like it is working so far, so now help me what is exit point?
and when on monday?
just dont sell before monday and your good, will probably be announced early morning CST.
what about holding through Dec some bizterds saying it may ready 100-120$.
what is changes of pinkwajot
Moved my REQ bags to NEO and have recovered some from that bullshit.
um no, you sell BEFORE the news is announced because its already priced the fuck in now, thats why its going up
you're mentally unstable if you don't sell on sunday night
BUY XMR AND LTC FOR NEXT EASY %30 GAINSSCREENCAP THIS
Sunday night.
The news is already factored into the price by then.
This will dump hard post news.
Don't believe me?
Look at MCO after Visa deal announcement.
Lmao that shit DUMPED.
4430580Honestly, that depends this time on what the news is.I have a feeling this is the first "buy the news" we've seen in a very long time.
yup, even if the news is good it WILL dump.
you can't stop people from "buying the rumor sell the news".
just take a look at fucking chainlink for god sakes.
people were saying "hurrdurr it won't dump after sibos, there's no news to sell".
44305804430505guys, this is not ordinary news.
life changing.
there is two announcements , you missing second one chinke ICO ban lift off coming on early next week as well, this pump wont stop until mid next week.
Also the news will be in Chinese so you'll have no idea what they're saying which means that you're at the chinks mercy, which uh, isn't ideal.
life changing.Please make the shilling less obvious
Most of the time the 'news' isn't even good so if this time is actually something major then the price could skyrocket after.
Might be a good idea to sell half and hold hold the rest
Oh god, I never thought of it like that...
Sell however many you need to break even (or take a few sats profit), then let the rest ride out however it will.
yeah if only anyone who isn't chinese could speak chinesemaybe we could call them bilingual or something
the exit point is now, stupid.Its a pump and dump, manipulation Thanks me later.
RSI indicates oversold.
now is the BEST time to buy in if you're planning on holding until sunday night.
It's already falling.
Pinkwojak tiem
you're an idiot.
if you bought when i posted just now you would've made gains already.
RSI is reversing as i type this.
next stop is 6300.
I said PINWOJAK TIEM MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!1111
Technically, if a coin will make or break it is a time like this when whales are abandoning.
If it survives that, it will keep spiking.But that seems like a rare occurrence, since they have such a large part of the market at times, but if it does still keep rising the whales will buy back in sooner or later, right?
Anon do something please, it's going down lower and lower.
HEEEEEEEELP
Make your owb decision you fucking pussy.
going down lower and lowerwhen i said to buy this it was 56-5700. it's hovering around 5800 and about to break out again.
I put all my disposable income on NEO from ETH I only got about 40 NEOs at 35 yesterday, I am hoping and praying this is big and China NEO partnership is set in stone Monday, they already tweeted about it in March and deleted it, because it was too soon, but these feels right, Monday we going to 100, 150, maybe even ETH pricesGlad all my biztards priced me in right on this with the tip and it's been going good, lets make some money boys.
august*** not march sorry stupid Merican calendar reader.
um no, you sell at the news because right now only the rumor that there is news is what is priced in.
The news isn't actually news yet, so that news has not been priced in.
Once the news is real, and isn't just a rumor, the price will reflect that.
Can't wait until Monday so I can laugh at noneoplebs
I'm going all in 3 btc max leverage