Last warningWe are going sub 7000 and this is just the begginingthis was inevitable, and it should have happened on the 16thnobody is buying BTC at these levels - and if they do - it's only so they can buy altslook on Twitter guys, the signs are clear
I think not even the retarded "we are forking nonetheless" joke can change the situation.
Everybody knows some assholes just want to save their s2x futures.
yeah, they got rekt if they betted on b2xBTC dominance already pulled back from 62.5% to 58% - all the normies gotta do is go on www.coinmarketcap.com/charts to see the btc rally is on halt
LMAOOO
I agree, holding 0% btc at the moment.
Lower highs and lower lows since the fork cancellation.
Anyone still in BTC now is fucking stupid.
500 BTC wall at 7kgud lukk
4273858they are gonna get flushed down the toilet.
i cant wait!
mu-muh more people are rushing for BTC since the Segwit2x uncertainty is gone>muh free coins meme didnt cause the pump its BTC's parabolic fundamentals that caused it>muh CME futuresLike the walls in the past few days?
keep coping, this thing is going down hard.
Glad i was awake when the fork cancellation news was released and sold my BTC for alts.
Fork cancel took the memecoin money and put it back into memecoins.
That's all we've been seeing.
And the memecoin rally is just memcoin money coming home.
Neither are indicative of long-term trends.If anything confidence in BTC is renewed now that the fork is dead and there are no immediate threats to BTC's continued market primacy.
So, not that a crash won't happen eventually, but it won't happen now.
I'm honestly not expecting to see it dip far below 7000 if at all as the market equilibrates.
And then it'll just be up again, at least until 2018.
china gonna take massive dump as soon as they wake up - they didn't bother yesterday because of uncertainty, there was 0 volume... time is today incase you failed to pick up alts yesterday, son
we gone up around 2.5x since the worst dip at the china FUD, without any major correction.
and bitconnect usually corrects 30-40%.
this bull run was great, but it's time to abandon the ship
well, wouldn't it be better to exit all positions and cash out?
if BTC crashes, alts go down with it.
but without SERIOUS FUD this won't happen.
Maybe it corrects to 5500-6000 if things go bad, but I don't think so.
Too much serious money in it now.
This is too big to fail now and has too much mainstream attention since normies start to speak of it.
bitcoin******
Keep coping kek, alts only go down with BTC if there is a cryptowide FUD like the China ban.
Look at what happened after the Bitcoin Gold fork.
BTC sucked alts dry for free coins.
Now that the free coins meme is gone, its BTC's turn to bleed and alts to rise.
Did you even read my comment, fucking dimwit?
How bout that bitcoin gold going live in 2 days, free air drop yeah boiii