>be me percent nig/jewish>blacks will probably trust me over "some cracka"what money making opportunity is there for me to make money from the black community in America?Should I peddle Bitconnnnnneeeeet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nODi6OECzs
purchase buy my nig shilling course on bitbay
Fuck off to pol you low iq 13 year old
You gotta touch a nigga Serious Find out who got a stash and Rob that mother fucker
Become a drug dealer or a rapper?
Wew ladStap it/polDid you even read OP silly brainlet?
Sell them some thug coin.
Wu-Tang Clan’s "Ghostface Killah" is promoting an ICO soon.
Fuck you snowflake
I bet your mother is jewish cause jews love nigger dick
Promote bitconnect
Literally shill your ref link to bitconnect
No they love Nazi dick.I saw stuff someone on /pol/ or /new/ some porn depicting nazi Aryan alpha men and Jewish women and it was Israeli.
suck their dicks for $1 a pop.
you will eventually be rich and be doing a great community service to boot
Pretend like you care about black lives and create a "non-profit" organization.
That seems to always work.
Waiting for OP response.
Jewish mother betting 0.1btc
America is the past, africa is the future, become a real estate agent in a major city in Nigeria, you could sell large corporations in america and europe offices there, I can assure you they're buying lots of offices there.
mobile-powered cryptofiefdom; i'm trying to engineer one.
take that how you will.this will probably the only time i will mention this here.
Till the next chimpout >cuz dem white men own urrrthangNo thanks
Make a fire mixtape bro
Thats so unbelievebly retarded why the fuck would people download something that makes the battery life on their cell phone EVEN LOWER!GET OUT NORMIEE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
because it's not what it sounds like.
a kike pretending to be a Gentile for sake of avarice and chaosGet the fucking Zyklon.
blacks dont trust other blacksand they definitely dont trust half castes
That's how Jews spread their genes.
They know women are more likely to reproduce than men.
So they decided that their bloodlines should be matrilineal.
Ergo, their wombs conquer Goyim seed, not vice versa.
start your own prison

Listen to your local radio station that plays hip-hop and use your favorite ads as a template to market your product.
I'm sorry your mother was a coal burner
4243844thishop on the black lives matter thing and ask for donations and make up the cause, make a legit looking site and facebook page and whateverthen hope (((institutional))) money comes in
this desu.
you fuckers aren't even trying to fit in anymore

Jew here as well.
I think (((I))) have a pretty good idea anon.
I was reading my community's Jewish newspaper and in the ad section there are loads of "rediscover your heritage tours" to Spain, Poland, Morocco, etc.
Set up Woke Tours Inc. and sell to middle class black Americans "rediscover your history" packages to Ethiopia, Nigeria, Ghana, and of course Egypt.
Churn out ads and put them on black supremacist & Wewuzkangz Facebook pages and YouTube channels.
Since you are (((black))), you can be the public face of the business and do the "my fellow (((blacks)))" routine.
I'd imagine this could be pretty profitable as everything you'd need to set up these tours (hotels, guides, transport) would be dirt cheap since it's Africa.
4246639Shall we make some shekels my fellow merchant?
I will never get how people honestly find snowflake insulting.
They represent childhood wonder, innocent fun, and unparalleled beauty.
Snowflakes are special, even if there are tons of them.
Eat shit faggot.