ICO price was 1 ETH = from 3000 to 1275 FUELNOW you can buy 3-5X CHEAPER THAN ICO PRICE.GREAT CHANCE TO MULTIPLY YOUR INVESTMENT.Token symbol: FUELExchange - Binance (listed yesterday ) not mooned yet.What are the tokens used for and how can token value appreciate?FUEL is the token that powers the Etherparty platform.
Users will pay for access to the platform’s functions, which includes access to the smart contract library, security monitoring tools, and a network monitoring dashboard.Contracts will require FUEL tokens.
Because the price of FUEL may fluctuate, Etherparty will peg contracts to a fixed amount of USD, and adjust the amount of FUEL required to execute the smart contract based on this fixed price.FUEL will serve as access for smart contracts on multiple blockchains, integrating these disparate blockchains into one unified view within the Etherparty platform.As FUEL tokens are required to perform different actions on the platform, the more usage Etherparty has, the more valuable FUEL tokens should be
TeamEtherparty has a large team of 23 as it is developed by Vanbex, a blockchain consultancy company since 2013.
Vanbex is a member of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
OpportunitiesThe project is run by a solid team at Vanbex, a blockchain consultancy company since 2013.
Vanbex’s clients include Dash, Aeternity, First Blood, ether.camp, Factom, Storj, etc.The use of smart contract hasn’t even scratched the surface yet.
With the development of dApps and blockchains continuing to solve the scalability issue, It is expected that smart contract usage will experience exponential growth in the coming years.Etherparty’s long term goal is to be blockchain agnostic – they can benefit regardless of which blockchain will emerge as the dominant one.Contract templates and library will continue to grow.
Eventually, many of the corporate functions can be performed using Etherparty, including voting and ballot box contracts, notary services, multi-signature escrow contracts, family trusts, money manager, crowdfunding, timesharing, real estate sales, and supply chain management.
The potential for the project is very large.
it is going to allow people without coding knowledge to create and execute smart contract at the push of a button.This is going to accelerate the blockchain adoption rate of individuals and companies and at the same time, drive a lot of usage of FUEL tokens.As Vanbex Group, the team behind Etherparty, advises enterprises on blockchain technology and applications, they understand what their clients’ needs are.
Therefore, I believe Etherparty has a good chance to succeed.
FUEL is a smart contract creator, mass-adaption platform with no comparison at all.The team and backers believe it will reach $1/FUEL
talk about a coordinated shill
A shitcoin that has dropped 5x since ICOwhat a great deal OP, please shill me more
Now you don't need to hire a coder to deploy smart contract.
Everyone without knowledge of coding or pragramming can do it.They will connect all major blockchains platforms into one protocol.
Project will be very succesfull.
im waiting for QSP FUEL coop announcemntif they get certified there is a real reason to moon
DYOR .
I am just sharing information.because a lot of people doesn`t know about this project.
If you are lazy to research before investing your pennies just Fuck off.
Here is the reason why it is dumped hard.
Because of fucking idiot contribor had been a victim of a MyEtherWallet phishing scam giving away control of his wallet private key.Scammers dumped all stolen FUEL tokens.https://medium.com/@etherparty/fuel-contributor-warning-a2ff6af29de
contributor*

OMG MANY COINS MEENS MANY MONYSI'll TAKE ONE BILLION OP!
!