Token: ZCGMarketcap: Under 500KCirculating Supply: 2,000,000Description: ZCashGOLD will be used as a payment currency for services by creating an innovative freelancer content platform, compensating producers and authors for their valuable thoughts and services.Trading on etherdelta and just listed on CMC get in now boys.
Website: http://zcashgold.net/
no ones buying in this market faggot
y not?
everyone lost a fuck ton on alts lately so i thought I could help get everyones money back?
lolwhy bother posting that in this thread?because youre scared youre gonna miss another moon mission.
fuck off faggot
go shill your scam shitcoin somewhere else pajeet.
fucking disgusting animals how do you even sleep at night?their whitepaper is literally a repetition of the information posted on their website.get off the internet and go clean your streets dirty ape
Fucking btc been killing me lately, just went all in thanks op, made a fuck ton on EPY last night.
I love these ED small mcap coins.
we all know youre samefagging, retard
Did you even read the white paper faggot?Just skip this comment guys, this guy struggles with research.
Lol @ this FUDer i bet you think doing this will help you recover your -30% portfolio on some shitcoin like ark just LOLOnce again thanks op
I truly don't know why people post things like thisCan you set your Doritos and cp aside and explain to me what you are gaining by posting something like this?
I get your upset you lost almost all of your $100 but why not just join forces?
You buy this coin, it goes up, we both win?
Instead you decide to act like a retard?When this moon without you just picture in your head, me shitting down your throat.
Good price to buy?
rockets are fuelling up here lads
>etherdelta
Have u been under a rock lately?
DRP, EPY, not ZCG.Etherdelta is a fucking gold mine, yeah the layout is shitty but it filters out all the pajeets
now*
Already going up guys dont be the faggot that never risks anything = never making money
428693542869904287075yes i read the whitepaper.
it has NOTHING.
it is NOT related to zcash in anyway.
its a fucking scam shitcoin that you and your pnd group are using to get some gains off this board.
the whitepaper says nothing about how they intend to implement their project.
its literally just a scam trash tier token trying to pump off the fact that it has zcash on its name.go away no one is falling for this shit
Found the faggot who never makes any money off crypto!
LOLHow long you been in this game anon?
Let me guess your either pushing even or in the negative, why not just take a leap of faith?
At least put in $10 if you have that much.Screenshot this post faggot I cant wait until your kicking yourself.Now for your question:ZCashGOLD (ZCG) is an Ethereum-based ERC-20 token, with the main use as a payment currency forfreelancing services on our revoluonaryplaormZlancer.netWe came up with the concept of a marketplace that would provide a two sided plaormfor people tobuy and sell a variety of digital services typically offered by freelance contractors.
Services offered onthe plaormwill include wring,translaon,graphic design, video & photo eding,programming andmore.If you are an employer in the crypto community, Zlancer is one of the best places to post jobs for freeand you get nofiedanymea freelancer is interested.
Unlike other job plaormsthat hav e a fixed ratefor each job done, our plaormallows freelancers to state their own price and payment is done througha built-in escrow service, which means the payment is held unlthe job is complete.
Zlancer's users willuse ZCashGOLD as the only crypto currency mean of payment.We decided to build ZCashGOLD (ZCG) on the Ethereum network because it already has a big exisnginfrastructure for tokens and has mulpledecentralized elements such as exchanges, which also make itfairly easy to include tokens.
The other reason why we decided to build ZCG on Ethereum is the speedand the minimal cost of transacons.Great user experience and decentralizaonare our prioriesand when building our services, the focuswill be on making everything as easy to use as possible.
An online wallet for ZCashGOLD (ZCG) is alsoplanned, most likely coming later aerZlancer.net will be successfully launched.its literally all in the fuckign whitepaper, which pajeets struggling with english cant understand.
also if your gonna try to FUD every single post on /biz then your in the wrong market buddy, go invest in Amazon or apple or some shit
Pajeets starting FUD already is a good sign.
Pajeet trying to get coins for cheap.
How about you suck my cock pajeet?
their road map ends with the BEGINNING of the development of the website.
everything behind it is just ICO this, exchanges that, airdrop... its a scam shitcoin.and as i said before, they say nothing about how they intend to market it or partnerships.
>found the faggot who never makes any money off crypto!
LOLunlike you, i believe in projects and hold, and because of that i managed to turn $100 into $30000 from buying ETH at $1.
i will be holding it even longer because it will easily reach bitcoin tier evaluation in the coming years while you dirty pajeets sold your ETH at $10im done here if any of you reading want to get dumped by this PnD group then invest in this shitcoin.
gl
Okay lets say if what your saying is true, then either way at a supply and mcap this low there is no way u can get left bag holding.
God damn this shit isn't stopping anytime soon