Say fuck you bittrex in this thread.
Now that there is a lot of volume, the suckers can't manage to keep the website running smoothly.
Also fuck bittrex for the enhanced verification account locks
same with binance, just lost connections im in the dark
fuck bittrex>$30k in account>log in, account disabled>u must send us photo of you holding id b4 u can withdraw>send in photos>there is error with your photos sorry>still disabled
I have no idea if I'm fucking making or losing money because I can't check bittrex or blockfolio.
Everything is so fucked right now.I assume I'm:BCH: FuckedLSK: Maybe okayBTC: Sideways or up?ETH/LTC: Not moving pieces of shit probably ETH at 300 stillTRST: Unaffected because it's a shitcoin
Same for blockfolio.
Can't even add new coins
ALTCOINS ARE FUCKING BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wtf just happened?
Gdax and portfolio are a bit fucky too.
Any news came out?
x fork cancelled.
Normies BTFO
you should try kraken
Trex locked my account.
I have contacted them since 3 weeks ago.
Still its on lock down.
Thats one shitttiest exchange on this planet.
tfw GDAX is the only exchange that actually works
Those bitches let me deposit but when i was about to withdraw i see next day need to verify again and their service is slowwwww as sloth's shit
4251992can you buckos provide a quick screenshot proof, you're getting me worried/deeply goncernt about bittrex.
wtf is going on over there.is this just pajeet fud against bittrex or are they really clamping down on unverified accounts.now every time i log in they send me to the Enhanced verification page.
and in total i've only had like $1000 ever deposited into there.
what the fuck.
i think the SEC & IRS are definitely keeping trex's balls in a tight vice clamp that's why they are requiring all this shit.
fuck your exchange if you want fuck
fuck you bittrex
lol i got the enhanced verification thing pop up today, perfect fucking timing....
obviously it's pajeet you fucking mong.
the syntax is the same, over and over.
they're street shitting pajeets who refuse to verify their identities.
Check this out and i submitted a ticket long ago.
These people didn't even bother to reply.
I verified and submitted everything it was all running untill they suddenly said its not and i have to talk to support and they arent replying.
If my account doesnt have basic verification why let me even deposit?
but apparently i can still deposit but cant withdraw.