so.. this was uploaded and deleted minutes ago.?
Be honest, how much time did you waste making this?
HOLY SHIT AAAAA FUCK FUCK FUCK SELL SELL SELLLL FUCKKKKKKKKKKK
Try harder next time.
He was at Devcon and the "hospital" on the same day.
being this autisticanon...
I don't know what to say.
i didn't make this.
i just saved it from a thread that was posted and deleted in a matter of seconds.
is it fake or real?
SELL SELL SELL
It's a real memo with the names changed out.
This is at least the fifth time he has died in a month.
BUy buy buy
I did just sell, but not because of this and it's never felt so good...
Who died?
You will buy back in ;)
source?
the date anon
EU format maybe?
i don't know i hope its fake though
I saw it too maybe a half hour ago?
me too, same time
4271778same for me
Ok I kek'd
lol
Because cancer patients gain 30 lbs in the span of a month.KYS low-iq street-shitting lump of protoplasm
Go die in a fucking fire nigger

4271830i mean it is probably fake, but i'm still fudding right now fuckshould i sell and buy back in later?
This is fucking true, I am a former employee of SC and I was wrongfully fired, so am now spilling the beans.
All I can say is look at photos of "Sergey" 6 months ago and now.
You can see they are NOT the same person.
Look at the eye spacing and ear levels.
Sergey died a while ago but they knew 100's of millions can be made so brought in a look-a-like, a fat look-a-like at that.
You better hope to hell you dump this shit fast because I am posting this leak everywhere in 15mins.
"probably fake"Yea you should sell my brethren
ChainLink has more than 2 people in their team confirmed
Looks healthy to me.
REEEEEEEEEEEEE
I am also a former employee at SC and can confirm Sell now before this hits every crypto forum in China!!!
PRICED INRICEDIN

whatever i soldeven though there's a 0.001% chance this happened but still.
i can still buy in back later
LINK IS CRASHING AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
/10?You're not even trying.
WEAK.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MY LINKIES ARE GONE AAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
Patricia gon die next.
PR manager and we hear nothing from them.Fuck u patricia.
So dumb.
You people are pathetic.
You're the kind of faggot who falls for phishing airdrop links.
LOL not even sure..It's sickening that...
The more you think about it, you think jesus, no one is this retarded when FUD-ing..... but now I'm thinking, surely this is retarded enough to be real.
Fuck this.
I'm done with Chainlink.How can this shitcoin go anywhere if the CEO keeps dying?He died like times now.
Sold all my bags.
Time to move to something else.
This meme was tiring me anyways.
I was with him on the 4th of November.
He was healthy, alive and well.
Sergey is very bright.
If you watched the development community at devcon3 you would see half of them are kind of programming rejects.
Sergey is all business.
I didn't actually believe in ChainLink until I met him.
"Our Akita."
"Evita?!"
He had died for our gains...