Daily reminder that no matter how much you've lost, as long as you remain in crypto, you are going to make it.
Daily reminder that crypto represents the largest transfer of wealth in human history, and it hasn't even started yet.
Anon, you haven't discovered a cheat code.
You've discovered the future of the human race.
Yes, you are early enough.
Yes, you will make it.
Yes, you will look back on the pain of your losses and feel real, genuine pride that you made it through.
Daily reminder to look forward, not back.
Don't give up, don't opt out.
A lot of you haven't known enough goodness to believe it can happen to you.
I'm here to tell you that it can.
And it will.
Your worst mistakes will be nothing more than pebbles strewn along the beach that will be your life.
And your children's life.
And their children's life, too.
You are going to make it.
definitely making it, even if it takes 8 years from now 
i hate children & had myself sterilized a decade ago but other than that, thanks OP!
largest transfer of wealth in human history
Trips and we will make it
1million dollar Bitcoin is more realistic by the day.
2020 lads.
Get yourself at least one Bitcoin.
You doomed us all!
You mad man!
ignore this post.
These digits cancel it.
this is why we can't have nice things
Can these guys only wear cheap running shoes?
I've always thought that's one of the most autistic things.
Girls pay attention to that shit.
Thanks for the daily entertainment this board never fails to provide.
Carry on.
I'd love to strafe that with my A-10
do you even context bro?
I was trying to negate his fuck up.
and then you post a sea of immigrants.
you are why we can't have nice things.
bad patto
trapper keeper
I see this all the time.
Does it help living your life with that mentality?
Can BTC achieve that, yes.
Will they allow it?
Not a fucking chance.
Girls pay attention to that shit.lmao no they don't.
only teenage boys and hypebeast asians notice/care about sneakers.
They were the ones who made bitcoin to begin with.
It is inevitable and only crazy until it actually happenshttps://www.solarbit.cc/million-dollar-bitcoin.html
What is the objective from the absolute start then.
You're thinking very small if they created this just for a million dollar price tag.
looks at ID>DODGE!