You guys honestly can't even begin to understand how big augmented reality computers will be in the future.
You won't need to sit down at a desk to shill your bags anymore.
Instead you'll be able to literally fill your room with live charts of your favorite shitcoins and pin different websites and applications to different areas in your house.
All of this works already but the tech has yet to reach a consumer level.Invest in AR
yes put this camera on your head with a live feed connected to the nsa
i can't wait to have an augmented reality gf...those lenses will never come off homey.
Who cares?
Just use a regular computer for your kiddie porn or whatever you're trying to hide.
if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fearand if you do have something to hide you just take it off dumb fuck
Op you might like Arcona, AR ICO
I work with this stuff.It has a really, really long way to go.
It's a 25 year hodl minimum.
Can't wait for the hot asian women in dishonorable position ads.
This is a stupid statement desuIf you ever become interesting for any reason, you'd change your tune.
Investing in crypto probably does make you interesting.
And you're totally discounting people who may have a reason not to be spied on.
Simply following the law doesn't protect you.
Maybe you favor a politician who is not favored by washington.
Maybe you point out observations that are considered dangerous.
Shit, maybe you expose the fact that certain laws passed, in the middle of the night, wrapped up in other bills, enable the government to collect data on every american.
Remember that?
What?
Why?
I'm watching developers mess with it on YouTube and the tech seems practically finished.. What aspect of it is going to take 25 more years?
can i has asian holo-strippers dancin on pole on top of table as well?
holographic coffee must taste good
Yes you can.
In fact, they can be actual strippers dancing in their apartment somewhere, recording themselves with a special camera that makes a 3d model of their bodies and places it on your table.
Camwhoring is about to get a lot more lucrative
Talk about this more.
I work for an AR/VR company, and yep... this is the ground floor.Its gonna be a great few years