Everyone smart is buying this shit up because its getting released on exchanges tomorrow but you can buy it early here: https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETHThere is a 120 eth buy order waiting to be fufilled so thats a good sign that the whales are on board.Also ironic how a coin named Astronaut is going to the moon?
Huh?
Huh?
fake buy walls there was one at .004 that was removed.
Its back stop FUDing, whats even the point of a fake buy wall?
i dont know just pointing it out.
their website won't even load
anyone know the marketcap of this shit?
I believe its 4 mil.I got that from another OP so idk if legit
million supply so do the math.
million I think
try again, it didnt work for me too before.
probably updating with news as we speak
Worked for mehttp://www.astronaut.capital/
if its 7 million supply might be less, but thats what the contract says.lowest sell order is for over 2 $so over 14 million marketcap.
circulating supply is 4m so 8mif it was 14m it would be $4 which is still easily achievable
why isnt my order getting filled on etherdelta?
and why tf do i have 4 buy orders.
its hella easy to fake on this exchange
looooool I see that, u have to pay a gas fee to cancel if u didnt know.
Also I dont think anyone will be selling until tomorrow so you will have to eat a buy order.
yup, app release real soon.
Is there anywhere to trade this besides ED?
I want to move my stack.
Also, does this have no twitter or public chat?
Never mind, found their Twitter and it looks pretty good.
just bought some at a dirty rate £1.23 a coin got a fair share tho, hopefully an easy profit
More info about this?Site wasn't working last time I checked.It's not on EDIs this another scamcoin?
What's the current price?
How many tokens per eth?
Why is it not listed on CMC.Pls respond.
its a bit of a shit stormgot mine at that, which is a pretty shitty deal but fuck it.And its new so hasn't been put on yet
Shill campaign, don't listen this coin is dropped hard by bagholders.T.
Ex small bag holder.