BTC isn't even anonymous.Transactions take hours and you can get tracked & flagged without the possibility of cashing out.Same goes for ETH, which is way faster though.What does crypto do?
Youve asked your question limit
Making money off of trading clearly, but I'm asking something other than that.
more than that.
it's internet 2.0
DELETE!
I would put my money on zCash.
At least it is quite anonymous so I will be able to buy as many shit I want without being traced.
zCash>In the first 4 years, 20 % of the coins are transferred to a "founders reward", via a multisignature wallet.
[3]https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zcash
Can buy weed in Colorado with verge currency(XVG)
Literally only Monero serves any real purpose.
If you think otherwise you are retarded.
I'm ok with that.
I just wanna buy stuff in the interwebs without being traced.
Let the Jews get rich.
Obsidian has an anonymous messaging app in development.
You should look into that.
You said you put your money into Zcash.You think the founders will hold forever?Using it for transactions instead of holding is different.
ObsidianThere are hundreds of projects in development.To be honest gambling websites based on crypto are already operative and profitable.So we can add them to the list.
But the app is due for release this christmas, and new website / other news due to come out december 4th.
This thing has been holding a steady floor for a few weeks now.
The only way is up.
Thats why im heavily invested in doge coin.
It is a decentralized anonymous currency that is very undervalued.
XRP, BAT, SIA, and STEEM have actual platforms they operate on if that's what you're asking.
Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar, Monero
it gives you the best ownership control over a liquid transferable unit of account
Zo is all-in on Doge
Monero is the shit right now, but I also came across Tio, this shit has high potential,just got listed on ED and yet to get on coinmarketcap,soon to be on Hitbtc and Binance.
With a circulating supply of only 450000,can easily reach $1 when listed on CMC.Some fucking impatient bounty hunters are trashing their tokens now.
Follow this link: