AUTONIO - First decentralized AI-trading Bot with 30+ indicators.
-Tokens are burned as people use/register on the platform, up to a total of 80% of the supply-Currently 6 mil Market cap, still under the radar, only available on ED-Platform released by months end, potentially by 20th-NIO doesn't care what BTC is doing... NIO will make you money, bull or bear market-An app that will make you more money than holding the coin... demand will be hugeGTFI NOW.
you heard it here first senpai
OMGGGG
Do you have any information on the bots methods?
Don't get me wrong, I'm all about shilling something, but I always ask why, or how.
What do you know about the bots trading patterns?
I haven't gotten very far into it.
I really liked the first three games though.
I've heard Andromeda is shit though.
he knows fuckk all, he just bought his bags too late and thinks a new exchange and a thread on /biz/ can help him break even
I'm really confused by posts like this, don't get me wrong I understand that there is a lot of pajeet tier investors on /biz/ but what if he wasn't?
I'd rather assume positive reason for his thread than thinking he's an idiot.
What good comes of that versus trying to inquire as to his reasons, because everyone has reasons for their actions.
Bot will execute trades automatically through all the major exchanges' API.
The platform won't hold your capital but just execute trades from your exchange account.
An experienced trader sets up his strategy using technical indicators and programs it into the bot.
The traders are ranked based on who's bot is achieving biggest gains and people can buy and apply these strategies Will be available on desktop and mobile
As more indicators and factors come into play, this AI will also start learning the best overall techniques and can begin, eventually, making suggestions and projections in advance, as well as analyzing other factors such as potential competing algorithms and their impact, allowing the AI to adjust to different strategies.
It is almost like building a chess simulator, where one creates strategy "trees" that allow a user to follow a predetermined path to a particular goal, but if certain factors arise, it can implement certain factor countermeasures to adjust to the changing conditions, instead of being bound by hard wired instructions, allowing a competing algo to gain a superior advantage by simply existing.
their entire team smells of pooyikes