>I am in a 1$ profit from where I started!!!
(2 months ago I had 1476$ now I have 1477$!!
)Btw my all time high value was around 8000$...But I fucked up from 8000 to 900$..Now I try to recover but Hard Fork Fucked me again...What I am doing wrong?
Your greedy ass bought anything but bitcoin, so tears is what you get
nearly everyone that wasn't holding BTC got fucked in the last month or soi started with $5k, built upto $25k, then dropped to like $11k this month, so down $14k from my high.
Kinda sucks but whatever, still up a bit.
Guess being all-in on alts and refusing to sell is generally a bad idea.
How the fuck did you lose so much?You need to diversify anon.
35% BTC/BCH, 35% ETH, 10% LTC.20% shitcoin gambling to increase your long term hodls.I will make a screenshot of my last 3 months once CFD ED chart unfucks itself
Consider I made quite a few bad trades as well, IOC, REQ, Waves to name a few
Fuck eth.
It's shit and it's going nowhere.
But hey OP, at least you didn't lose your initial investment...
I think that still puts you ahead of 80% of /biz/ and you probably learned a lot of good lessons that will help you moving forward.
You can still make it.
It's been a really rough few months... but things are about to turn around.
Big gains incoming.
What do you try to gain from FUDing ETH?The parity debacle at the moment triggered (again) some fundamental questions about governance and reliability of BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY, not Ethereum itself.If Ethereum should fail because people lose faith in decentralized applications, then all other projects will go down with it.
No NEO, ARK or whatever would be able fix that fundamentally negative mindset anymore.
I'm just giving my honest opinion, I've never been a fan of it, I like the idea of it... hate all the bullshit cancer tokens it spawned though.
And I feel eth will end up with a major bug or flaw that crashes the whole thing overnight.
I dunno know, maybe I'm just old school or paranoid...
I'm glad some of hi you are making awesome gains from worthless tokens, but it ain't for me and I don't trust it.
I put my money in long term hold coins that I trust.
I agree with the tokens site.
But that isn't really the fault of Ethereum, more like greedy projects who try to jump on the band wagon.
I like that Ethereum makes Blockchain applications accessible to a lot of devs.
A lot of the good Ethereum projects wouldn't be around if they would need their own blockchain
If Ethereum fails without any proper replacement, crypto will fail.
Majority of people entered crypto in 2017 because of Ethereum.
Nobody needs digital gold, if there is no digital ecosystem.