HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
THESE RETARDS ACTING ALL SMART TELLING ME IM DUMB FOR NOT HOLDING EVERYTHING IN THIS.
BCH KEKS ON SUICIDE WATCH
chinkcoin crash to 1 sat
I cant get on fucking KRAKEN to convert this shit.
GOD DAMN IT FUCK KRAKEN
HAHAHAHHAfucking greedy fuck, they thought they were gonna outsmart everyoneNOBODY WILL EVER trust bch any more than any other alt.
NEVER GONNA HAPPEN you cheap fucksHAHAHAHAHAHAHLONG LIVE THE KING
This is brilliant news for BCH long term.
Unbelievably bullish.
Bch no longer has any big block competition and bitcoin is a ticking time bomb.
Satoshi's Vision
mooning
Bitcoin won't be able to handle increased usage without LN and that isn't coming out for atleast a year and a half minimum.
I agree.
No one said it would be easy
Agreed.
I may switch substantial BTC for Bitcoin Cash
I covered my balls in titanium alloy to avoid selling my BCH during the .075 dip
Muh long term
The crying BCH bagholding shills are going to be hilarious.
This was always going to be the result of S2X, all those S2X cucks are going to get behind Bitcoin Cash and send it higher as it ought to be.
jokes on you, one sat will be worth one bitcoin by January, screen cap this
keep gloating.
You don't think that this was part of the plan?
ditching BCH for LTC as we speak
warning bitcoin shills that there are leaner and more efficient cryptos out there>you know bitcoin is constantly in development?>you're entitled to your opinions but I am letting you know you're wrong>mfw
he didn't sell at 650Bought in at 330 and sold at 650~.
Why do retards hate 2x?
They're liberals or just in it for profit.
This is great for BCH you tards, 1X is retarded as fuck, 2x would have been actual competition in the big block space.
Now BCH wins by default.
increased my BCH position by playing BTCs PnDs.
neat.
trusting segwit
WAS CRASHING BOTH B2X and BCH PART OF YOUR PLAN??
thinks he needs trust in a decentralized systemlmao
there are only two coinsThis is what BCH shills actually believe.
the only two that really matter
not knowing about segwit fees creating an economic incentive to form a 51% attack mining cartel
4251714
https://blockchair.com/bitcoin/block/493659Viabtc has removed NYA from the coinbase text and replaced it with "Bitcoin Cash", get fucking rekt segshit shills
https://blockchair.com/bitcoin/block/493659Can you explain this in more detail?
I don't understand.
Viabtc is mining BTC blocks with the message "Bitcoin Cash" in them.
Directly stating they support and prefer Bitcoin Cash.
So their showing support?
this game ain't over yet boys
their hope for bitcoin fud got fucked like this whore.
In 1-2 weeks something big will happen.
If you have bitcoin cash then it will be great for you.
Tfw so hard in denial that you pray to your ouija board
Bitcoin won't be able to handle increased usage without LN and that isn't coming out for atleast a year and a half minimum.So what will happen in the next 1.5 years?
Transactions get really slow and expensive?
In 1-2 weeks something big will happen.
If you have bitcoin cash then it will be great for you.>Some of You Guys are Alright, Don't sell your shitcoin this week or the next
CHINKS BTFOCHINKS BTFOCHINKS BTFO
Would probably panic sell but I just woke up.
BCH is doing fine.
Not selling.
yes.
most people just hodl bitcoin on exchanges or wallets at this point because it is too expensive to actually useit will remain this way / get worse next year, bitcoin cash will continue to grow and actually be used.
It can be upgraded/forked quickly, it is no longer tied to political and corporate chains like bitcoin core
yes.
most people just hodl bitcoin on exchanges or wallets at this point because it is too expensive to actually useI guess it is useful as digital gold.
Good store of value, so long as you keep it in cold storage on a trezor or on paper in a fireproof safe