Imagine /biz/ the day LINK finally moons... shits gonna be crazy.
Except nolinkers will have already made it, cashed out and left /biz/ by the time it does

gonna be postin' from my hot tub that day
made it from what?
and please do say confido or req so i can laugh at u
Bitcoin etherum and monero
Doge
You're fucking deluded if you think those coins would x5 before LINK kek.
Just a slight push would easily x2 LINK at its current price.
Bitcoin went almost 2x while link tanked SEVENTY FUCKING PERCENT
This is true.
Truly deluded
Are you stupid?
If you bought LINK during ICO you'd still have 2x the fiat money you put in at its current price.
It even went 5x the price during SIBOS.
LINK has only been tradeable for what 1.5 months?
BTC had to suck all alts dry and promise free coins to even get 2x in price you retard.
Lol you fags are the ones that are deluded.See this 
Seems like you’re the stupid one.
He states facts anon.
Never get emotionally attached to a coin, but its too late for that.
Good luck dickweed
LINK dropped 70% after a 500% increase in price you stupid cuck.
Its still 2x fiat amount you put in.
So if you had fiat and bought BTC at 4500 then you'd still would have earned more holding LINK.
If you sold at SIBOS you'd have even more profit.
Based.But don't bother arguing with deluded nolinkers.
Let them hold "safe" coins like Bitcoin.
Maybe it will fork ten more times so it can 2x and kill crypto.God I really do hope that dumb chink scam kills BTC, the ulimate shitcoin.
No idea how ETH hasn't passed it up, I guess most people are just too retarded.
I hated ETH until I got really into crypto too.
Look anon, I can tell you are married to link this bing very irrational, if you bought into btc, eth whatever the fuck coin at ico and sold at the peak then we can make the same argument.
The fact is btc nearly doubled in the same time link dumped.
Please re-evaluate your holdings with a clearer head and make some trades that will benefit you.
We’re all going to make it brah, just pull your head out of sergeys ass and you will too
req is going to moon before link does u deluded faggot
if you bought into btc, eth whatever the fuck coin at icoPlease transport me back 2 years ago when LINK tokens didnt even exist yet.
You had the option to buy LINK at ICO last month or BTC at $4500.
What kind of stupid argument is this?Answer me, if you had fiat and you were given the option to buy LINK at ICO or BTC at $4500, which would be more profitable at the current prices?
I think you're the one being irrational because of your LINK hate.
I dont hate link anon, im just not emotionally attached to it.
I did buy at ico and sold for a pretty penny.
Now im making some fairly decent gains elsewhere.
I’ll be back into link no doubt, its a great coin and will do really really well, but not right now.
So i make gains now and buy in later.
Makes sense to me.
I'd choose btc because at least then I'd have the same amount of btc in my wallet instead of worrying about the fiat value of something that only trades against btc and eth
Ahh i see, you're talking about opportunity cost.
I hold SALT as well since i dont expect LINK to moon until 2018.
But its stupid to think that BTC, ETH, and XMR will have more gains than LINK in a year or so if an investor just started investing last month.
We're talking about maximizing profit in fiat here right?
Are you stupid?
Im with you, link will outgain the coins mentioned easily in the next year.
Good coin just needs a little time