Tell me one (1) fucking reason why are you not all in on this bitch?>CEO spoke about in at UNITED NATIONS>Voting is a massive thing all over the world, huge potential>Just broke the bearish trend and started going up>Only $8 million market cap, extremely undervalued>Constantly getting listed on new exchanges, Binance is a possibility very soonThis is literally the next POWR, get in and enjoy the 500% gains over the next 7 days.
This is literally the next POWR, get in and enjoy the 500% gains over the next 7 days.No
UN is not what you think it is.
You think Sorors is happy about crypto?
If you're going to try to shill like Powr, post prove like powr shills do>CEO spoke about in at UNITED NATIONSWho?
When?
Post evidence>Voting is a massive thing all over the world, huge potentialYeah and voting is intentionally rigged by people behind the scenes.
If they wanted to make voting fair they would have done it a long time ago faggot>Just broke the bearish trend and started going uplol.
no>Only $8 million market cap, extremely undervaluedNo it's actually very overvalued, confido 2.0 perhaps>Constantly getting listed on new exchanges, Binance is a possibility very soonLol.
no it's not.
Only listed on etherdelta and kucoin which is quickly becoming yobit 2.0Let this coin die, drop your bags and move into BCH faggot.
you sound pathetic.
I am agree thats nowhere 500% its fucking 1000% with that small mcap
I’m not going to fucking babysit you, look it up yourself if you want the gains.
Just don’t post pink wojaks a week from now if you don’t even want to put minimal effort into it.
I'm digging the gains so far.
Still holding boys!
Pump it up boiiiis
You're not going to post evidence for the ONE thing you said that wasn't the subjective opinion of a pajeet nigger?
Good one, yeah don't babysit me faggot keep peddling around your shitcoin in the wake of coins that are actually useful
Oh, sorry your buy order never filled.
I'll send you a postcard from the moon ;)
I can't wait to see you wojack tomorrow.
Hype.
Such as confido right?
Fuck off idiot, dyor.
Nobody cares if you choose to invest in other coins with a 20 year roadmap.
Your business.
sitting comfy on this one ready to ride out all the incoming catalysts:>Cryptopia listing any day now.>UN related announcement.>Crypto Nigger Balina AMA.>Big clients announcement in December.>Potential Binance listing.All this combined with the small MC.
So much room for growth, Balina keeps shilling this too so you know an exchange listing is going to throw this so much higher.
FUD , this coin is not partnered with the UN.Zephyr is though.
not partnered but its UN related.
The telegram community gives alot of hope to this project.
The team especially Jason are always on hand to answer questions and help out.
They also care about the price unlike other projects so exchange listings and hype is always guarenteed.
Seriously dude , i'd cut some profit's and check out Zephyr totally unique.
Good to know the team is not a bunch of /comfyido's/ , i'm seeing this also in ZEPH.
They have some big things planned.http://www.eurasia.undp.org/content/rbec/en/home/blog/2017/7/25/-From-Russia-to-Tajikistan-changing-the-way-money-moves.html
If you did your research properly, you'd be in this coin.
Right now.
Stop fucking shilling this coin to the pajeets please.
Don't want a whole pump and dump biz hype around this coin
I agree, keep the pajeets out.