Has /biz/ influenced your behavior some way?
Aside from checking cryptocurrencies once every hour, I always yell AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH whenever something goes wrong (not just investments).
JUST
I stopped masturbating to porn and just close my eyes, think of LINK mooning and cum to that
Yes, I caught yellow fever
Had to check myself from using "nigger" in reddit replies
Not in the slightest.
Your just a retard, it’s not /biz/ influence.
I've cut back on buying delivery/carryout just so I could afford more ARK.
Coincidentally, I learned how to cook pretty decently.
Overall /biz/ is helping me break out of NEET status now that I have financial success as a top priority in my life goals.
I love this place :^)
arkdump that shitcoin and buy link while it's cheap
Nothing wrong with yellow fever senpai
I know what you mean.
I've been looking at prices of fast food and the like and thinking about how I could just buy more crypto
this wtf.
I used to be attracted to 5"8-5"10 /fit/ white grills and now I want a short qt3.14 asian gf
I do have link brotha
Like, why is she so perfect?
It should be illegal to be that perfect.
starting a finance club>talk about money all the time>slowly letting go of my normie ways, spending less money with frivolous shit>yellow feverfunny thing is i lived in china for two years and only hooked up with western girls, now i'm back home and want me some slant-eyed pussy
I dont believe in god but he definately created the asian race
the plan is working
stay there next time, shit for brains
Whenever I hear some dude prefers Asian women I immediately think he's a beta male.
Other races are too difficult to handle so you prefer the passive mindlessness of an Asian woman.
They are equal in looks to other races at best, so the passiveness and ability to control are what truly attracts you.
not even that senpai asians are just hot as fuck.
Also they have good morals and discipline and are less likely to be whores
thats an interesting conclusion to come to
Mostly it's because they have little experience with Asian girls in the real world and think they are like anime characters.
Combine that with the fact that the girls they do have experience with (white girls, probably) have rejected them and found them repulsive, but their lack of experience with Asian girls allows them to imagine that Asian girls wouldn't do the same.
Some people, of course, just prefer how Asian girls look and there may be something to the cultural shyness/passivity, but mostly I think it's just a blank slate to project fantasies.
Sadly, if they actually had experience with Asian girls irl, the bubble would likely burst and they'd realize that the same things that made them unattractive to white girls or girls of any other race make them unattractive to Asian girls as well.
Also they have good morals and discipline and are less likely to be whoresAhahahahahaaaaaaahaaaaaaaa.
Somebody yellowpill this naive whitegoy.
good moralsIdk exactly what you mean by that.
In my experience Asian girls are just as loose as anyone.
I've been with 3 Asian girls and I had sex with each of them within a few hours of meeting up with them.
nice meme though
i mean raised in asia not asians rasied in western countries kek.
i might just be delusional in wanting my qt japanese waifu
It's because they think they're all like their chinese cartoons and if they are around an asian female like the protags in their haremshit that girl will actively try to fuck them.
The other problem is that their roastie radar is broken and they can't spot a whore properly so they label all women except asians due to anime brainwashing as whores.
Nice, would racemix/10
qt japanese waifuI sincerely ask you to stop watching anime and japanese porn so much.
At best you will be a fetish for some japanese girl.
I call people pajeets
Fair, but unless you speak Japanese that relationship is going to get old reaaaaaal fast
nah asians are qt i dont watch asian porn though it's shit always censored
i hope to speak it by the time i'm done with university and have saved up enough to move there for a while
4414026these anons just talking making assumptions about me
I bought link yesterday cause of biz.
Then I felt bad afterwards and thought it may have been a bad choice so I started doing some research.
And I reaffirmed myself that it was a good choice.
Don't ignore part 2.
Racemixing is incredibly frowned upon in Japan and the Japanese at large love whites as long as its platonic.
Ok, but, honestly, I wouldn't pin all your hopes and dreams on that--like it's going to be a fantasy world where everything is different.
Build your dating skills here, too.
It can only help.
i'm not going to japan just for i'm pretty bored of England and i think it will be a good place to start exploring just wanna stay for at least a year or two so i can get a job, the grills is just another positive.
i will try i am not too good with people but getting better at it
you good, anon.
just doing to back-of-the-envelope anthropology.
nothing wrong with Asian girls, just with the idea that they are some radically different species that gets bandied about.
Asians are sexy, don't get me wrong.
There are hot girls of every race, imho, but certainly a greater percentage of girls of some races than others.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2FGgYp6mdk>I am not too good with peopleThis will be you
Real question, how hard is it to get a long-term visa to live there?
I thought Japan had a notoriously tight immigration system.
As it should beYour Hapa wont be happy
Long term like over 2 years?
Be high up in a company and speak fluent Japanese.Japanese is arguably the most difficult language for English speakers.
Sourcehttp://www.effectivelanguagelearning.com/language-guide/language-difficulty
I instinctively called one of my friends a pajeet yesterday.
When he asked what that means I had to make up a story on the spot it was awkward.
What do you say when someone asks you where you learned about coins?
I mean I read whitepapers and then try form my own opinion but the place I learn they exist is always /biz/
kek i'm not that badi started learning this year i imagine i should be able to speak it okay within 3 - 4 yearsi heard they starting to let people in for work as they think it's needed
>mfw I made the OP image
That was funny as fuck
I learned a second language in my early 20s.
Just make sure you are getting exposure to actual practice with native speakers.
You are never going to truly learn a language by classroom study alone.Makes sense that they have to loosen their immigration policies because of the dwindling labor force because are declining youth population.
Really?
Cool, any other art?
I started February 2016 and the more I learn the more I realise how much their is to learn.
I can follow 80% of what is said in most anime but forming sentences without sounding like a robot will take me years to learn.
Pre-WWII Japanese is almost another language but that is not really relevant.
nice what language did you learn??
and i'll try that i dont know how i am gonna meet native speakers though i
No memes.
I just draw weebshit and occasionally post it on /a/ and /ic/.
I don't have a tumblr or anything yet.
Yup
i have started classes and they are going relatively slow but i guess thats good since i can keep up with my other studies.
that's awesome which resources are you using to learn.
i imagine if you went to japan and had to speak japanese your speaking would get good pretty quickly
there are meetup.com groups for language speakers.
probably university groups, too.
I learned Spanish.
I was a Mormon missionary back in the day (that was 8 years ago, I'm not religious anymore).
I still keep up the language though.
Or maybe it's because asian girls tend to be petite and feminine instead of rude hambeasts.
Straight men don't want to date bulldykes.
ayy
true.
to each his own.
some like em a lil thicc
Top kek
My progress is astronomical by uni standards though.
I'm taking the N2 test in December and most uni courses aim to have you at N3 level after 4 years.
N2 is far harder than N3.
I followed /int/s advice so I use anki and read shit to study
that's awesome.
lust is truly a powerful motivator
I did it to read manga untranslated actually.
I don't really like Asian women.
Some of them are kind of hot but i'm 6'5 and would look bizarre in public with an asian woman.
I called my indian friends 'pajeet' irlI hope they didn't hear it
Now put this pic through MakeApp and lets see what she actually looks like.
Someone should also make a PlasticsurgeryApp.
awesome keep up the good work desui dont get all the roasties crying about faceapp grills look better without 8 inches of paint on their faces
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
This is a fault.
Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated.
For these there is hope.
They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only Beauty.don't even like Asian women but you seem like the case of the the fox and the grapes
What have you done to me /biz/?