DONT BE FOOLEDthis is being pumped so people can drop bags.i would stay out
stay poor
muh flippening
sounds organic to me and the natural flow of an evolving valuation.
let it be reaped and resown until the fruition of a new ATH.
Its because the bitcoin futures is unlikely to be passed kek.https://cointelegraph.com/news/cme-clearing-member-to-regulator-bitcoin-futures-impossible
If it were a PND it would not go up AGAIN.
A lot of people are invested in this long term and have dumped BTC in favor for the decentralized BCH.It is a great deal now.
I got in at a ratio of 1 BTC for 11 BCH, thank you BTC dumpers.Now it is a serious coin with lots of growth potential.BCH became Rank #2 beating Ethereum in under 3 monthsBCH destroyed BTC's volume being the only coin that has EVER done thatBCH made every altcoin BLEEEEEEEED everything was RED except BCHBCH is a coin for the future.
People know it's here and it's completely fucking wrecking the cryptosphere.Tons of people have lost money, tons of people have gained money, this is a great wealth transfer from those that hodled BTC since the dawn of time, to those that can now START AND HODL BCH TODAY.
BTFO 4421457so salty kek
My only regret was being too poor to buy more than 10 back in August when they were cruising all-time lows of $160-220
I wasn't even in crypto back in August.
I had BTC since 2013, but I didn't do shit with it until October this year after I heard about it on the news again and I opened my wallet, found the BTC still there.
Traded it for BCH after reading about it, made tons of profit.
BCH feels a lot more like Bitcoin in 2013 than BTC does.$1000 too.
That was the peak price back then.
I'm starting to hope it doesn't, maybe I've overthought it but I don't know that CME works out the way it seems on first glance.
Fuck BTC & BCC.
Gonna hodl my ETH & POWR
Agreed
4421735Even faggots in reddit are saging the bearish CME news.
Fukin pathetic.
the letter has some really good points.I don't trade futures so i forgot about the lockins.
Basically if the price drops too much, the exchange freezes preventing the price from dropping any further.in practice this doesn't really stop an asset from losing value but it makes people feel better about it.
Bcash is tooolips