Whats going on with BTC this weekend?
Dip?
Or surge to $9k?
Provide reasons why instead of just saying whats gonna happen without evidence.
FUD is working, and people are moving into alts or cashing it out entirely.Tether->BTC injection stopped, so it's falling back to its natural price point.
Dumps to 4k because no one wants to miss the Ark
btc has to go down.
it's overvalued.
everyone knows it.
making room for the boomers and genx to get in.they like numbers that remind them of the 60's and 70's
you think tether only affected bitcoin?
that is not true
Bump.
So far, it seems like nobody really knows whats gonna hpapen.
I didn't say that.Nobody does, no.
Anyone who tells you otherwise is trying to sell you something.
*slays your dragon*
 btc withdraw from bitfinexthey lose their pump power
MUH TETHERBitcoin has stablized at $8150 on average which is only $150 or so below its ATH.
Fucking tethertards.
I also think that a lot of investors are going to have the next few days off for Thanksgiving weekend, so the chances of something big happening with BTC this weekend are low, unless China does something.
Money doesn't sleep, kid
isn't this chart like a few days old already?I think it hasn't evolved like that, but the actual dates are hard to make out.Fuck it i'm doing it
God damn I hope you're right!
Would love to get in at that price!
We know the future of that graphand it's basically around $500 higher than you said it would.go fucking die in a fucking ditch
FUG BUYING BCH
I gotta admit first BCH attack was a bit scary since I'm still sort of a newfagBut this is just sad now.
No one's gonna dump their BTC anymore since it has proven its resilience.
Tx fees are down, confirmation times are down, no more reason to buy BCHina
oh nobuy BCH, all you want, just try to get out before roger dumps his last useless BCH tokens.You know he had 300k BTC right?you know he also got 300k BCH right?those were basically worthless, so what did he do?
wash-trading on korean markets to raise the price.
He dumped a few already, but still needs to do this a few more times.If he had dumped them after the fork he would have dropped the price to $0.Meanwhile it made all the retards into believers of "the true bitcoin" who defend his bags so he can dump them.Still, it's a good way to get extra money off those retards who think the flippening is happening.
But please, don't believe it yourself.
pick something that is down.
dont fomo buy whatever is already high.
Dip for bch obviously