Thoughts?
Looks promising and seems to be flying under the radar right now.
Apparently there's an announcement next week too.https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1746241.1700
It's definitely going to shoot up.
It just might take a while, this is a patient hold.
Can someone explain to me how golem reached a 500mill mc and this coin still hovers around 40mill.
Like srsly
I guess it's because golem has been around longer?
They aren't exactly in competition though, they have different goals.
How many are you holding?
I'm sitting on 1000 right now which is not a lot in terms of value right now, but despite my confidence in their team I still treat this like a high risk investment until major players start adopting their tech.
I'm tempted to buy another 1000 tokens though since it's so cheap right now.
Plenty of room for a 3-5x on this one.
In for a few hundred.
I'm confident this project will at least 10x over the next 6 months, but it's definitely a long hold.
I'm holding 1000 long-term too.
I recently just grabbed another 400 because I'm almost certain it will swing back up to 8k in the next few days.
Might use that 400 to swing trade until it finally pumps.
Bought ico, sold 4x BTC value.
It's more than that in the long term, but it's super easy money in the near term too.
Look at Feenix... 12x in one day after it was posted here.If you wait until this hits the big exchanges, all the easy money is gone.
Is this the OMiseGo of France?
This is a cloud computing project (like Golem but different, they have an actual working product thougH), not a payment project.I mean it's on Bittrex, that's enough for now really.
wait until this hits big exchanges>it's already on Bittrex
Alright, you got me, I should have worded that differently.
I meant don't wait till it hits the mainstream.
Its still super low volume on bitter tho
Agreed, still an undervalued coin like most coins with working projects stewing under shitters floating on hype.
I don't understand how there can be so many coins with market caps of 50m or higher that have no substance at all, just pure hype.
Anything interesting coming up on the roadmap?
Any marketing?
I may be interested.
yes this one and Monaco ive been keeping my eye on