I got JUSTed as fuck being a hodler.
How easy is it to day trade top coins?
You need 3-5k to make it worth day trading.
But it is not difficult at all.
Just don't get emotional or sacrifice any of your serious mid-long holds to fomo on moons.
My exchange charges 0.5% on each trade.
Makes it hard for day trading to be worth it, but I can only trade with CAD lol.
Quite easy, the problem is that the volatility of cryptos in a single day you can lose a good 20%.
You need 3-5k to make it worth day trading.Do you even trade 100% on one top coin?
Or do you split that stack on several top coins?
very hard.because when you have lots of money you can't even take the risk to hold them on exchanges
>make 1%>make 2%>make 1%>make 2%>make 1%>LOSE 50%>NOW YOU HAVE TO GAIN 100% TO MAKE UP FOR THAT
obey your setupsprotect the capital
I heard some people use stop losses.
Whats a good stop loss assuming im aiming for 1% per day?
5%?
10%?
Kek thisThe only chance to make it is going all in and hope you're on the right side of the pnd that day
which is why you should always have a stop loss10% or so loss is where things start to get fucked but in bad cases your orders may not be able to close especially if you are a large trader, having the liquidity to close is a huge issue for anyone who isn't small potatoes
what exchange?
so what you can do is use 10x leverage and set a stop loss where it goes 0.5% or 1% against your position.
as long as you're right more than you're wrong, you should come out on top as long as you don't fall prey to the classic emotional trap of getting greedy and expecting too much from a position.
if you're not american, here's a place you can trade with all sorts of leverage, but it's only derivatives, not actual crypto which is important to note.
https://www.bitmex.com/register/YgC8kJ
Stop daytrading on quadriga fag.
I was doing that, then I transferred my ETH or LTC to binance and now I can trade everything else at about 20 times the volume of quadriga.
Also with only 0.1% Trading fee, so you can actually scalp some profits from swing trading.
I found it hard to daytrade on quadriga because there simply wasn't enough liquidity.
Here, see pic related to sign up to Binance.
No verification required to deposit OR withdrawal funds.
and yeah don't daytrade on quadriga.
it's fine to arbitrage to though because of the stupid markups if you can find a way to do it profitably, I'm sure some of us fellow canadabros would appreciate it.
I think most people still need a fiat gateway in their country, and binance won't do for that.
most people just end up having an account on a lot of exchanges and find the best for them based on pairings and volume.
low volume can be a good thing as I mentioned in another thread on Kucoin and HitBTC you will find a lot of dumps that crush the order books due to ignorant sellers.
putting in some low buy orders can get you mainstream coins (but more often just mid-caps) at rock bottom prices.
Easy.
Buy when bitcoin is going down and everyone is either freaking out or FUDing it, and sell when you're up 1% to 2%.
It's really that easy, and if you don't believe me, you should try it yourself and see.
This was my mindset after all my research.
Quadriga is an avenue to get your CAD into crypto.
Then send it via ETH or LTC like I said cause it's fast and cheap to other exchanges that high higher volume, more coins, and better liquidity, then when your ready to cash out, send them back to Quadriga, and you can do cash delivery or bank wire for no charge.
If any fellow CAN bros wanna sign up for Binance doe... please use my QR link.
It has no negative for your account, but helps mine a little.
NOBODY should just make any account without referral links as this keeps some cash away from the hands of these greedy exchanges.
Another option that I forgot, you can sell your BTC locally if you are near some big CAN cities.
I know Toronto has some BTC atm's and stuff, but the fee's are relatively high.
From what I understand, stick to coins that have a 2-5% variance, every day.
Buy low, sell high.
Easier said than done, but still doable for 2-3%.
Ethereum was one of those until last week.
Others, I'll research, as I will do the same with 5K in January.
Depends on the day and what's happening.
I will put in less if I am shooting for a midterm hold.
But I usually day trade with at least 3k on one coin.
Just always make sure to set stop losses
Lisk is a good one