https://cointelegraph.com/news/breaking-china-may-cut-off-cheap-power-to-bitcoin-minershttps://cointelegraph.com/news/breaking-china-may-cut-off-cheap-power-to-bitcoin-minershttp://bitcoinist.com/china-bans-bitcoin-mining-rumors/why isnt the price reacting to this?
sory didnt want to post the telegraph link twice....heres the right onehttps://news.bitcoin.com/chinese-hydroelectric-crackdown-herald-demise-cheap-bitcoin-mining/
less chink miners = easier to mine btc = white power = btc price moon
Priced in and overblown
you stupid?
you know what happens if we lose a lot of hashing power?
it could take literally months for the diff adjustment to level out to make the network usable again....
China will kill the bitcointhen china man will fleeflee from bitcoinsinto digibytes
priced in how?remember the crash when china was closing exchanges?if this ends up being true the last china crash will be nothing compared to this
the chinese are a fucking pain in the ass......first icos, than exchanges, than the bcash shit, than this.
Are they like the jews of the east?Why do they hate us anons, why?
It's literally fake news if you followed any of the other threads.
Fake shit = no impact.
Sorry Pajeet, enjoy your btc bags :)
Less chinks more whites.
That's the key to success.
Just move over and let us work.
it could take literally months for the diff adjustment to level outwhy?
difficulty is readjusted every 2400 blocks.
Doesn't matter, the Chinese are buying Venezuela for the sole purpose of getting cheap electricity to mine bitcoin, electricity in Venezuela is like less than 1 cent per Kwh screencap this
where can whites mine?where is there cheap electricity in white places?
?maybe eastern europe?
maybe iceland because of cheap geothermal energy....
source?
Russia, Antarctica, Bulgaria.
The Hoover Dam.
They don't have a choice if they mine or not
maybe iceland because of cheap geothermal energy....Genesis Mining is indeed operating in Iceland mostly.
Would be a shame of their was a coin which would adjust quick to keep 10mins blocks even if China shits down electricity
that just means the price goes up
Assuming this is the case, why in the hell is Chyna so bent on destroying an incredible source of income and prosperity when they can tax it (if you can deny electricity to miners, you know who those miners are) and profit from it?
I know the commies are not known for being smart but damn, they dumb as rocks.
Is this a friend of the legendary hacker known as 4chins?
So they make 30% less profit.
They will just increase the number of miners.
Chinks understand volume.
Actually yes, it is a fucking shame.
Shame on you cunts for being this credulous.
I hope you suffer all of your life for this.