A Pajeet is trying to scam my little brother.
He put up his old laptop for sale on the local ebay/gumtree equivalent, and got this.
We speculate that it's one of those chargeback scams, but I'm not sure exactly how those work.Is there a way to turn this around?
I thought about maybe spending the money on something before he charges back, or sending it to a different paypal and withdraw it from there, but once again I don't know how paypal works and what you're allowed or not allowed to do with an unverified account.
Also, this shit wouldn't happen with smart contracts
Have him send you bitcoin lolNah but honestly just don't even respond.
Not worth your time or hassle.
Right.
Smart contracts would lead Info the Item loss and the money loss.
At least both are scammed that was, right?
Smart contracts are flawed af
let him pay in BTC and let him send you the privatekey of his wallet :)
OP those are bots man, Its all from craigslist ads.
I get 10 of those daily.
How autistic are you, anon?What kind of normal human being would give you an email response like that?Yes, it's a scam.
Don't send him anything.
You know how many times I've heard that "Oh I'll give you excess cash if you deliver under the table"?It's bullshit.
Did you already send something?Your second idea about requesting from an alternate account does work.
Also, this shit wouldn't happen with smart contracts.
well the chargeback still applies if you spend the money, you just go into negative.
people used to meme me with them regularly, I got to keep the money maybe 9 of 10 times after providing full information on the sale / shipping etc.. but they are an absolute bastard of a thing.
4354984Okay I'll unironically ask him to pay in BTC, if he's not doing it we'll just ignore him.
My brother just wanted to see if he could reverse scam the Pajeet insteadI know it is, I was just wondering if it was possible to turn it aroundI've never used these sites before so I just assumed it was some random indian guy lurking foreign classified websites.We never intended on sending him anything, even if this was a legit person he couldn't sue us because the "sale" is happening off the exchange.
actually I am thinking it's most likely a stolen account though, but clearly some kind of scam
well the chargeback still applies if you spend the moneyCan you spend the money from a paypal that doesn't have any personal info connected?
The last time I used that platform you could just make an account with an email address and receive money from other people.
i have a feeling you won't be able to spend without personal info, if you can then sure do it that way, spend it before shipping and never login again.to cover your ass take some records of the sale and shipping, if they ever did come knocking u mailed it years ago, never heard from the guy again and arn't aware of any chargebacki'd honestly just go the BTC route though, fuck this guy
oh and use a fresh wallet, may as well not have it directly linked to you
This is a well known scam.
They send this shit to all sites like craigslist, kijiji, etc.
Don't even bother replying.
It is 100% fake.
op I fell for one on of these when I was selling my old ps3 games when I was 12 feelsbadman.Basically you give him the paypal email and he sends a nice looking paypal email (pajeet makes it look like its from paypal itself BUT ITS NOT)It says something like "oh hey pajeet here will release the paypal funds once you provide tracking number" then once you do the pajeet vanishes into the dark, smelly designated shitting street.He will also give you an address near where you live but really it goes to some worthless niggers hut in Nigeria or a dirty smelly pajeet in India.
what is the scam though?
AHHHH
Damn, I'm sorry anon.
If grown man gets scammed by an email like this I'd say he deserves it for being retarded, but scamming a little kid is just wrong.
Nothing is sacred for these brown ass subhumans.I don't understand the address part though, how do they change it to a different place?
its not a chargeback scam.. he literally ask you for your bank details or paypal details and send you a fake receipt by email.
i get this shit 2/3 times per week on gumtree.
Yah dude but the time and effort involved with this shit.
I remember buying a ps3 for $120 and got nothing but an envelope of newspaper clippings.
It took soo much fucking time and 3 months to see my money back.
Sucks ass.
lol apam is kapott ilyen uzit a motorjara
And this is why we need Confido.