>omg JP Morgan CEO said Bitcoin is a fraud lets sell!
!https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/21/jpmorgan-reportedly-getting-into-bitcoin-futures-trading.html
Lmao I hope that isn't why it's dumping.
when your pissed off that jamie dimon makes more than you
Another already rich person is threatened by cryptocurrency
It's dumping because of tether thing.
However, this news report might be why publicly traded blockchain mining companies went down all day despite BTC and ETH recovering.
>Fraud company calling others frauds
he said that in an interview like 2 years ago
omg McClellan saddle CEO said Ford is a fraud lets sell!!
"If you're stupid enough to buy it, you'll pay the price for it one day," Dimon said at a conference just last month.
>futuresJamie Dimwit is making clearing bets on bitcoin, not actually buying it.
when you see your fellow psychopath Jamie Dimon succesfully trigger a dump and play the market, so you decide to emulate him for shits and giggle a few months later.
Just print more USD
what if crypto becomes illegal because banks have power over governments?
they could do that in a heartbeat also china and russia are already out of the game
That’s the final boss.
And people shat their pants over bch
implying the government didn't create it in the first place
They still couldnt stop it.
People would just adopt end to end encryption and trading would happen unimpeded on platforms like blocknet.
maybe not but if it becomes illegal it will reduce the probability of crypto to become an actual currency and acually being used by normies.
Who would accept bitcoins with which you can do nothing beside speculating?
There will always be countries like Switzerland where you can retire to.
Banning drugs made the demand go down?Also we don't need normies for 1 BTC to be worth millions, when will you understand this.
this just in>old rich man angry at new fangled technology he doesn't understand>"the old ways are the best!
i dont want to have to learn something new" the old man retorted>more on this 10