If I put $1k into this every month am I retarded or will I make it in a few years?
If your putting money in a shitcoin for longer than a month then you are doing it wrong.
Years?
It will have long since dropped to zero.
I heard that about ethereum tho
if you put in enough then you'll be able to live entirely off of ark stakingnot retarded in my opinion.
ark is promising.
It may look bleak if you look at the price in the last month relative to Bitcoin but rest assured, this is one of the strongest projects in the cryptosphere right now.
I'm super bullish on this coin, and you never know when it's going to spike.
If you zoom out on a chart, you can see the pattern of huge spike followed by reallllly long correction.
This is due to the dev team not giving themselves deadlines, but rather just releasing things as they occur.
Give it time, you definitely don't want to hop off the train right before it leaves!I'd go all in right now if I hadn't already.
Welcome to the club fellow Arkie
oh you'll make itinto the gutter
You have 1000 a month to spare to gamble on a cryptocurrency?
And you are asking if you would "make it?"
Maybe he sleeps in his car for more spare income.
What's wrong, you hate making money?
Do we have any ARK girls line pic related?
ARK is legit.
probably the best wallet and staking experience ive had so farIf you really wanna make it though, find something with a lower market cap, like obsidian
why buy this instead of pivx
Is that a lot or little to you?
What's wrong, you hate making money?Is that a lot or little to you?It's a lot to be gambling with for me.
Ark is great, I hold a little Ark.
I am probably going to buy more soon.If you had that amount of money to play with and you are worried about making it then I would say sink it into a mortgage or something.
That's a solid investment.
you don't want to hop off the train right before it leaves!I literally did that when it was 90 cents.
Sold after buying at 35 cents thinking I made a killing, then a day later it just zoomed to $3.Bought back in but goddamn I'm still butthurt.
ark seems gimmicky to me.
sell me on it
Fucking lol I would be too.Just looking at ark charts I'm guessing it may go to like 180k-200k with the next spike mybe in the beginning or middle of January.
HODL near that then decide for a longer hold or sell then.
it is going ti be for payments.
its insanely fast and has the best wallet complete breeze compared to other coins.on top of that, shit loads of development.
-200k now but what is btc going to be at that point?
Put 75% in ARK, 25% in RISE.
If you have some spare changes, put them on LISK.Goddamn, I love DPos coins, comfy, stable and gains no matter the market cap.
Meh.
I'm a white collar wagie, make right at $100k/year, but I work shitty hours.
I want to be a retired NEET.Mortgage - Could very well be in another state in a few years.
Would rather not buy a house yet.Stocks and other traditional investments: Way too low reward for me, even if low risk.I understand this is all, on some level, gambling, but it's not pure gambling.
Gambling gives you slightly under a 50% chance of making a profit, whereas crypto historically gainz moon blahblah.Still, there's definitely lots of risk, but I'm willing to take it for the dream of retiring by 30.
Relatedly, price predictions for Ark EOY 2018, EOY 2019?Wanna dream about what potential future income streams could be.
I'm at 2k Ark right now but plan to acquire another 2k after my Christmas bonus.
You'll never be Jew-rich Anon.
Kys
.10 cents 2018sub-ico levels 2019
I hold a ton of Ark, so take what I have to say with a grain of salt, but...>EOY 2018?In my opinion, $50.
Not even memeing.>EOY 2019?The sky's the limit, depending on how the crypto market is doing and how the next phase of Ark's development goes.
I would say $400, or even higher.
DELUDED
post wallet deluded arklet
Obviously not my wallet, but I'm too lazy to move over to my PCMobile wallets are coming soon though :^)
can u send me 20 ark
nvm captcha shut me down
Sent ;)
Nice stack!
I'm only 10 Ark away from 3K myself, cant wait to break it
That's definitely enough to make it, anon.
You'll get that extra 10 through staking in no time
plz just send me 5 ark dudeu wont even feel the pichAVXGG6LWMwufUidicLCpEQCu9BoBvC2ryc
why buy pivx over this?
If you could also lend me something.ASdjiQVJzK4qPrphJijEhcPwCZXHatjBTZ