Congrats on this.
Seriously.
THE VITALIK SPOOKPEDOPHILE CROOK
Link?
As if being a communist degenerate wasn't enough...
https://archive.fo/IBm6v
What the actual fuck?
Completely inappropriate for the CEO of Ethereum to be saying this shit.
I'm going to spam complaints to every corporation in the Ethereum Alliance
EXIT ALL ETH MARKETS
leftists are inherently tolerant of everything, their threat detection part of the brain is less active than in conservatives.
what the FUCK does he think hes doing right nowwhat the FUCK,.
ddddrop it
Jesus kek
/ourguy/
Top autism
Why can't he just shut the fuck up...
it's called having autism, sweetie.
HE'S DOUBLING DOWNHOLY SHIT
Oh snap it is real
Holy FUCK.
I can no longer support this guy
Hahaha oh my god best laugh all day I needed this after the shitstorm on the weekend
He raises a good point, drug users are just as degenerates as pedophiles.
At least a pedophile won't steal from your medicine cabinet or purse for a fix.
hahahaha this has to be fake right?
if not, Congrats on this.
Seriously.
Hes not wrong but fuck is he fucked for throwing this out there
Double down vitalik is best vitalik.
SHUT IT DOWN
DELET
yes this yesbuying more eth right now
Autists are seriously retarded Heroin only damages the user.. or emotional damage to family of addicts etc.
You could argue gang crime etc but that's niggers killing niggers Cp on the other hand completely and utterly destroys the victims lives and anyone contributing to the industry whether a producer or user is inheritly countless times more evil than drug rings
look at a certain arrangement of 1s and 0s on a screen>goto jailwew lad
archive link for authenticity?
fake and gay
>crypto isn't used by mostly pedos and heroin addictsThe founder is unironcially supporting cpF
Read the threadYou're a fucking retard and will get the rope.
Purchase of these 1s and 0s creates demand for a market that abuses children for these 1s and 0sWew
something tells me this dude has a serious cheese pizza collection.
would be a shame if his country's feds found out /s
4352933It's real.
He deleted the posts and is backtracking.
Damage is already done though
And there goes the last chance for ETH to become a mainstream topic, Interpol riding Vitalik's home in 3, 2, 1
No.
The archive link is for the first tweet only.
Nobody has linked evidence of the second one I asked proof for.
reported now
This shit is going to fucking bite him in the ass a few years from now.
Inb4 (((they))) realize ETH is a threat to their power and claim that Vitalik Buterin had CP on his computer.
implying ETH actually had/has a chance now
Do you know how many people die in the process of transporting heroin to the states m8It's a lot
ETH is mooning right now
(((They))) could frame him now if they wanted to.
Doesn't matter if he has it or not
That's entirely a result of prohibition.
This goofy ass niBBaSTOP TWEETING
https://archive.fo/IBm6vhttps://archive.fo/ZN601
Fake.https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/930294485614977024
Here's both fagtronhttps://archive.fo/ZN601https://archive.fo/IBm6v
trolling aside i bet he does have CP on his computer if he tweeted this bullshitim out of eth this shit is going to TANK
Got 212 eth I'm selling off.
What should I pickup?
get some LINK broim out of ETH and into LINK
participate in the violation and destruction of innocent young soulYes you should go to jail and general pop as well not protective custody
massively fuckable face
ark lol
MR. BUTERINSHUT THE FUCK UP
he clearly said the exact opposite
Core is dead.
Long live ETH
pedophobia in 2017get with the times maan its a brave new world and ETH is leading the way.lol nah man just dump this shit, im out of ETH forever
4353087I hold both.
I was thinking to dollar cost averaging IOTA, the arguments made during the BTC/Bcash debacle were pretty interesting.
I think we'll see some articles tomorrow that will cause some moralfags to fret and selloff.
yeah pretty much everyone is going to dump this pedocoin once the fire rises
repoteid'
are people actually falling for this shit?
check his twitter yourself retards...
Both are real and have archive links.
He deleted the tweets, dummy.
ETH is about to break out finally>Buterin pulls this crap
shut up pajeetstop misleading peopleits fucking trueETH is going DOWNhopefully new alts are not effected much
ETCFork Vitalik
he is wrong tho
he's keeping it upfentanyl is apparently worse than CPhttps://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/930297047202250753
Jesus Christ he's sabotaging himself someone needs to shut this down
I don't know who's more retarted, Money Skel for not anticipating the shitstorm that even comparing anything to an argument for CP would cause...Or the people who assume a broad comment about rhetorical framing of arguments means he is a child porn watching heroin addict.What he said is pretty much analogous to saying>I could argue an excess of Vitamin C is worse for your health than drinking two cans of Red Bull a daySure he COULD argue it.
The implication is that the argument posed earlier is bogus, not that he supports these things.not understanding supply and demandAnd you're on /biz/ why?they are real.
There's actually nothing wrong about what he said, all he said was that with some nifty arguments you could say one abhorrent thing is less bad than something else.
What the fuck was he thinking?
not knowing that you can draw child pornography and inflict zero damage to the society.
It's official, Vitalik is the Trump of the crypto space, I don't know if that is good or bad though.
autism/10topkek, what a moron
That's the implication, yes, but obviously not how people are gonna take it.
I'd say pull out for now and wait to see if it goes under the radar or if he fucked up
OH FUCK ITS REALI WAS JUST FUCKING TROLLING ALONGWOOOW WOOW WOOW FUCKSORRY GUYS
I wish this queer faggot dies of a plane crash or overdose before he shits it up even more for ETH.HE"S SO AUTISTIC
being a pedokys
Well now I know to stay far away from ETH.
Glad the earth is being purged of sick fuckers like the kid in this article.https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/illinois/articles/2017-09-12/suicide-of-teen-who-made-sex-video-shows-dilemma-for-schools
he distributed child pornography of a 16 year old girl.
im not a pedo and your brainlet logic is showing.
This guy needs to shut the fuck up.
It doesn't matter if his argument has a meaning other than the defense of child porn.
He needs to shut the fuck up.
WOW FUCK THAT PIECE OF SHIT
Congratulations on this.
Seriously.
Exit all ETH markets now.
gr8 just offloaded 139 ETHfck money skel
hahaha nobody cares about this.
how did that even come up?
what is he talking about
HAHAHAHAHAHe's *technically* correct you know.The problem with pedophilia is actually the disgusting pedophiles, not the material they produce.
In this case hate the sinner, not the sin.Still, this is not something I would ever ever say non-anonymously.
What an idiot Vitalik is.
16>CPAoC is 16 in some US States, and unless he was 21 or older, he wouldn't even get prosecuted where I live.
Why can't Vitalik learn how to use 4chan to post his disgusting thoughts, like the rest of us?
Everyone has an asshole, that doesn't mean we go showing it to everyone all the time.
Lmao wtf.
Never a boring day in the crypto world
>all the retards who see words but are incapable of understanding the philosophyYou are all stupid.
He really should consider not offering his opinion on *everything* lol..
Purchasing != Posession(((WEW)))
This.
I now understand how you guys lose money
This is why satoshi exists, to prevent sperg outs from crashing a coin
CP harms children that are kidnapped, abused, or exploited so these retards can get their sick kicks.
It inherently is more harmful than someone shooting up heroin.
hes right.
my state legalized gay marrage but regulated prostitution and cannabis is still out of the question.
adults would kill to have their kids air on schniders nickelodeon shows playing all sorts of contracts or dress their kids up for beautity pagents with revealing clothing.
How about all the people that die in order for the junkie to shoot up heroine?biz, you really are retarded.
The only reason you might make it is because you got lucky by buying a bubbling asset.
heroin causes other people to pay for rehab.
heroin causes the user to kill for it and steal.possession of kiddie porn is arbitrary.
the better argument is producing it.
producing it can cause damage.
My guy
how are you even making this argument right now?
go to sleep, edge lord
Not only is he not endorsing CP, you fail to understand that possession has no effect on this.
It's a victimless crime.
4352705Autism on full display.
He said he can argue those points.
At no point did he say it was his position or that the position was correct.
This is full blown FUD leveraging on people being unable to understand basic English.
This
child pornography is ok if it's drawn>I am totally not a pedo guyskys disgusting pervert
except it creates a market for it if owning it is now legal.
fucking pedos
OH NO NO NO NO NO MONEY SKELLY WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOINGLITERALLY PUTTING>BILLIONS>OF>DOLLARSWORTH OF INVESTMENT INTO DANGER PURELY BECAUSE HE WANTS TO LEGALIZE CPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH WHAT THE FUCKWHAT KINDA RETARDED MARKET IS THISTHIS IS TOO MUCH EVEN FOR MY AUTISTIC SELFEXIT ALL CRYPTO MARKETS
JUST(someone shop the hair on him please)
VITALIK PLEASE STOP I DONT WANT TO SELL MY ETH
he killed the moon
You can fuck right off with even trying to argue that you stupid fucking faggot.
Say it with me:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RC1GbknBph8
>possess illegal copy of Hollywod movie from Pirate Baydamaging the creators and the industry>possess CP saved from /b/supporting the creators and the industrysure, /biz/
Yeah, not your medicine cabinet, more like your fucking kid.
lol you fucking idiot
http://archive.is/44W0G
kek that meme still isn't dead.
Anti-BTC douches provide the best memes by how stupid they act.
There is nothing wrong with loli.
But actual 3DPD CP is disgusting.
Vitalik should be ashamed but he should get rich because his success is my success, so, yeah, fuck the haters.
You shat on Vitalik 3 years ago, /biz/.
The FUD machine was unreal.
And you think the FUD will work now?
4355759are you miitcher or anonymous??
agreed though CP is fucked but idrc wtf he does as long as I'm still making money.pic related, is the current eth chart you fucking eth FUDing scumbags
I know that's you, leaf.
heroin causes other people to pay for rehab.Only because most governments are dumb as fuck and STILL have drugs illegal.
If they stopped this stupid war on drugs, the amount of money they could save and put into healy (ie, rehab) would be huge, and so tax money wouldn't have to go there.
Can’t even fucking believe this is true.
How can this monkey advocate child porn, is he totally fucking crazy?
Victimless crime???
What about the children that got raped?If he meant cartoon/3d childporn which I would sort of fins acceptable in light of giving some sort of relief to these sick bastarss I’d agree, otherwise its totally fucking ridiculous and ETH should die with him.
What the fuck has this world become or was I really just that ignorant of how deep pervasive shit like this went?I want to go back.
lol
You can posses a video of a murder and will not be tried for murder by extension.You cannot commit a murder.That's the difference.
Vitalik "Twitter'd that I did her" Buterin
The nuance is lost and even if it wasn't it is still such an extreme position to take for even a dumbfuck normie WITHOUT other people's millions of dollars on the line, not to mention the current political climate, bordering on a witchhunt.
Honestly dude has to be ridiculously autistic to not even have the faintest grasp of this kinda thing
ethereum up 30$ in wake of this revelationthe market agrees, possess the fucking children
Can't believe how many people are panicking about this.
It's great.
You are what's wrong with society today.
You are the ones who get outraged when someone says something you don't like.
Congratulations.
Relax you morons, its just philosophical talkUndergrad stuffYou dumb monkeys wouldn't understand
Can't believe how many people are panicking about this.
It's great.
You are what's wrong with society today.
You are the ones who get outraged when someone says something you don't like.
Congratulations.Nobody gets outraged about the forced indoctrination of children against their will in institutions where they are labelled "failures" and graded and sorted like Eggs.
Children are modern chattel and everyone pretty much knows this.
Discrimination against children is everywhere and pervasive.
Their rights and interests are never represented.
They are de facto property of the state, first, and the parents, second.
If all the abusive brainwashing works when they become adults and have children they continue the process.
Pretty sick shit mane
Vitalik has said he is pro-censorship (just not against CP).
He's a marxist.
Congrats on this guys.
Seriously.
honestly hes probably rightif you had the power to make either heroin or child porn totally disappear from the face of the earth...which would you chooseI think its pretty obvious that the net societal drawdown is much larger in regards to heroin, if only for the fact that its so much more prevalent than CP
HOW THE FUCK IS ETH MOONING RN WHILE THIS IS COMING OUT!?!?!
IS IT JUST THE CHINK MARKETS THAT HAVEN'T CAUGHT WIND WTF!??!?!?!?!?
Do you seriously think chinks give a shit about this sort of thing?
Wait what?
The obvious answer is CP you fucking moron, if we focused more on rehabilitation rather than punishment heroin wouldn't even be a fucking issue
>muh temple!>noooooo vitali!
stop it!Relax everyone, the Jews a just freaking out.
The image is either fake or his account was hacked.
ETH is backed by Putin.
God damn man I just don't get it.
I'm about to transfer all my ETH to BTC because everything that comes out of this little faggots mouth is fucking retarded and yet I believe in the tech.. so conflicted..
t. drug addict
Why not look at the coin itself instead of its inventor?
Do you believe in the things Eth can do?
If so, just hold.
If not, forget about it.
There are thousands of alts out there.
possess CP saved from /b/we have all seen something at least once cause we frequent 4chanSo we should all go to prison right?
Vitalik confirmed for 150+ IQ.When confronted with a "within Z, X = Y" argument, brainlets conclude this means endorsement of both X and Y.Slightly less retarded observers will say he's got a point but should mind the emotional reaction from brainlets.Enlightened brain memes can see money skel toys with the line of permissible speech to cement his image of autistic genius.
I just wanna make it..
Entire finance sector is /pedo/ confirmed
i wouldnt worry about it like 99% of biz and reddit have never read a book in their life
Actually I like this tweet.
It shows the disparity (pun intended) people treat things like this.
Usually overemotional normies think that only CP has pre-posession harms, and that heroin does not.
It's not unreasonable to say that creating cp by abusing children should be illegal, but posession of cp shouldn't be (if enforcement were perfect).
And that heroin AND its production should be illegal.
He even prefaced it by saying "I could easily argue", which is a loud ass sign saying that he's using this example to show the stupidity of someone else's lobsided argument.
It's actually not that bad.He's probably a communist because he thinks in terms of ideal solutions/perfect enforcement/optimal play.
This mentality is needed to be a communist in this millenium, and entertain the idea that posession of CP is harmless.
he's a neoliberal
just pulled out 50k, this dude is a ticking bomb for etheeum as a currency man, can't wait for the bad press
t. pedo
Except both statements are true and the guy is a fucking retard that demonstrates he has zero understanding of supply and demand which isn't a surprise since he's a fucking retarded commie faggot.>I'm still hodling tho
Nice LARP
4356316All he said was he could "make the argument".
Hardly some fucking philosophical revelation.
Come back to reality, anon.
t. never read Marx
That Kevin Pham guy is somewhat deluded and angry
oh you silly nigger.
eth alliance dont mean shit to the eth thats on exchanges.
wait wheres the jew?
doing heroin imposes risks on othersthis is the most retarded part of his argument desu
the only thing I could draw from this retarded as fuck statement is that he somehow meant "emotional distress of family members = harm"
It is amazing, he's replying to someone who straight up made the perfect argument.
What a mong.
I said "could argue", not "I think".
Very huge difference.lmao backtracking this hard
This is good news for Bitcoin
4352705All pedophiles need to be killed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvZzVQ3iAak
Great, Vitalik is a fucking pedo.Time to sell all my eth and leave crypto for good?Hopefully he clears up what stupid point he was trying to make.
Remember the time when he was invited to speak at a ripple conference and he shit talked ripple.Exactly, autist
How about all the people that die in order for the junkie to shoot up heroine?They wouldn't die if heroin were legal retard
so much JUST in a few days'why the fuck would you even say this
He was making a point that possession of childporn isnt harmful to others, he isnt saying it right.Jeez you fags need to realise people can argue points on subjects they disagree with as a whole...
this is the correct answer
possession of childporn isnt harmful to others, he isnt saying it right.except for the child itself and future children based on the principles of supply and demand you literal fucking monkey
possession of pizza videos IS harmful, as it drives further creation of these sick things.stop defending your pedoking
nice bait vitalikthis seriously triggered some folks sjw styleand he didn't even have to say anything wrong lmao just as soon as you mention cp = pedo sympathizer
How can you say it isn't harmless?
You don't think the kids involved are usually scared for life or murdered?
You think it isn't harmless for the actors to be kidnapped or pimped by their parents?What is wrong with you?
Vitalik has said he is pro-censorshipsauce?
This.
You can't make the shit without breaking a few eggs, if you catch my drift
You will never see these people defending Christian bakeries who don't want to bake Sodomite wedding cakes, or defending a girl who says she doesn't want to date blacks on her dating website profile, because they're not these super principled, consistent defenders of abstracted virtues and ideals like you're implying.
These people have no coherent moral ideology or commitment to abstract ideals, the only reason they come to the defense of fucking pedophiles is because they're evangelists of depravity and filth.
Anyone who defends pedophiles is a pedophile themselves, and if they're not then they have such tremendous, unrepairable darkness in their heart that I can only hope they decide to take a gun and blow their fucking brains out all over the wall.
he didn't even have to say anything wrongbut that's where you're wrong bucko.
He said something horribly incorrect
43568804356903Without a doubt the creation of it is harmful, he is arguing that the possession of it on a hard disk is an extension of the mind.
I don't agree with him in any way, shape or form, I am just pointing out he isn't saying it is right, he is just making a point on something that he might well disagree with as a whole.
He is right in a sense and wrong in the wider picture.
In other words he is only right in the most autistic sense possible.
Which doesn't make this good at all.
The possession of it leads to the producers of it producing more since there exists, by merit of possession, a demand thus harming more and more children as time goes on.
He is not right in any sense.
Question: Is there a way to convert my ETH to BTC on Binance or do I have to transfer my ETH from Binance to GDAX then convert it to BTC?
Thank you
He is right in the sense that the singular possession of it isn't further harmful.For example, if I downloaded a CP pic to my hdd and left it there, no further harm is caused by my actions.The creation and widespread use is of course harmful, but this is not what he is saying.It's not something he should be saying of course, he's a fucking idiot for getting drawn into the subject.
Congrats guys.
Seriously.
We're all celebrating for ETH right now.Enjoy ETH partnering with LAMBO so you can use your ETH to purchase one.
are you holding ETH?
Fucking retardedFucking retarded
Fuck no.
Not an argument.
Next?
Are you invested in anything?
>heroin>CP>possession>crime>industryI've got it!
If we pirate heroin and CP it will kill their industries and solve the issue.
CP Skeleton.Your autism is too big for this world.FLucky it happened now instead of after ETH was more on the radar by normies.
Hope he learned his lesson.
He's not wrong.Now he is.
Yeah I'm In Link how about you?
OK I'll go again.
When police seize child porn as evidence does their possession of it leadd to the producers of it producing more since there exists, by merit of possession, a demand thus harming more and more children as time goes on.
He is not right in any sense.
4357109Kek.
When police seize child porn as evidence does their possession of it leadd to the producers of it producing more since there exists, by merit of possession, a demand thus harming more and more children as time goes on.Police are an irrelevant factor in this supply / demand scenario.
The fact that the person was in possession alone shows that there is a demand, and if there is a demand, then the suppliers will supply more, thus harming more children.
And I agree, which is what I said already.
Thanks for playing.
:^)
what fucking supply / demand scenario
The suppliers (producers) of PC and those that demand it (downloaders)
are you fucking retarded legalizing possesion would be cause of many attacks on children and obviously create more pedos
That question was for you though man.. what crypto are you invested in if any?
The suppliers (producers) of PC
If CP possession was deemed okay, many would look for more CP, leading to more demand and hence more creation of content, you can't abstract "mere possession of CP" out of the big picture.Also maybe one day someone hacks your computer and publishes the CP you had on the internet, the kid sees himself/herself and becomes even more traumatized, or maybe you become obsessed with the kid and one day you come across him and you rape him/her to act out the fantasies you held in your mind for so long, traumatizing the kid further.Anyway the decentralized internet is coming so we'll see what come out of it, but possession of CP surely isn't on the path of a sane society for the mere possession means not caring about the well being of an innocent being.
I lost faith in humanity anyway.
but he is merely talking about the possession in isolation not the buying / selling of
Pedos pumping ETH
>ETH up to $340 as a resultThis market truly is fucked
wait why is it now deeming possession ok, was there more to what he said that i've missed?
the very possesion is treat to children by pushing acceptance towards this kind of behaviour
I have a diverse portfolio but it's mostly BTC (60%)I had ETH but sold it at $400 and haven't bought in since.
Are you implying communists don't exist?
are you fucking stupid?
It's not about the subject, it's about the impact of the needless discussion of such a risky subject publicly on the internet while being in such an important position
i'm not saying it should be fucking accepted at all, it can be possessed without ever being looked at or known, its not doing fucking anything.
Lmao he really is an absolutely autistic goon.
>Muh hardcore libertarianismIs it fucking 2006 again?
it can be possessed without ever being looked at or known, its not doing fucking anything.And what percentage of CP possessors do you think that is?
Come on now you're being pedantic as fuck
Just get it that the market never responds in the way that some degenerate ADHD faggots want it to just because of hyperventilating over some retarded shit.
Amazon also doesn't suddenly tank because of the CEO suddenly saying he likes communism.
It is just idiotic haters desperately hoping for this to happen, but it won't.
Money doesn't care about ideology.
It only cares about how it can increase.
This dude's a faggot
The potential harm from the possession far outweighs the potential good.
Also to download CP you have to be in a mindset where you don't care about the well being of an innocent being, which is a destructive behavior for society.
You're only looking at a tiny part of the picture, again you can't abstract the possession out of everything else that is related to it, unless all you're interested in is useless philosophical babbling.
He thinks he's so fucking clever but in reality he's just really good at maths and programmingFucking Autistic Cunt
He is defending the BCH crook (Craig Wright, fake Satoshi, Roger Ver, Rick Falkvinge) in this twitter conversation.
The latter of these made some questionable statements about child pornography.
dude they'll give him a medal up here in Canada... after fucking Trudy's husband's wife
If billions of dollars depend on the image of a single man, then there is something wrong with ethereum in the first place.
Yeah well the rest of the picture is everything, all of that does matter and is of course implied by the possession, but then how at the same can you remove these factors from part 1 of his suggestion for argument?
If you're going to isolate heroin as only harming ones self, why the fuck should the full story be included for part 2?
THIS - No man is an island.
But one man can buy an islandfilled with boys.
Looking at the ceiling I guessed she was on the bangbus.
Google confirms, that's Tessa Taylor.
I'd say pull out for now and wait to see if it goes under the radar or if he fucked upWill be interesting.
I agree with you - people took it wrong, and he should have seen that coming.
Then again, he's what, 21?
Kinda understandableGonna get assblasted as a normie, but I really feel sorry for the mother in that article.Geezus, what's a reasonable person like you doing on /biz/?
Quick make a conflation about how some legacy company is going to sign an imminent deal with a shitcoin to reestablish the illusion you're a regular /biz/tardEnlightened brain memes can see money skel toys with the line of permissible speech to cement his image of autistic genius.Key word 'autistic'.
Super intelligence should both be able to formulate internally and logically cogent lines of argument, yet also navigate the potentially explosive and vulnerable to distortion/misinterpretation methods of expressing and propagating said line of argument.It's sort of like trying to convince your friend to breakup with a shitty partner, you know it makes sense, they know it makes sense - but if you don't do it right they'll just scream at you and tell you to stop interfering with their life because, funnily enough>People have irrational attachments and cognitive biases and are prone to the Priming Effect, wooooOOOOOOAAAAhhhhhhhhYou'd make a great Private Dick>geddit!?
nice.
just bought 100k
HAHAHAHAAH.
I love that expression.
even more so it seems when its true.
my sides... im dying.
In his defence, child porn is incredibly easy to plant on a political opponent.
This is the shit that really fucking triggers mehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTRprq6Dtvw>there is no argument for thatLike the heroin industry doesn't have an immense role in extraordinary crime up to mass extortion, slaughter, the funding of fucking terrorism, human trafficking, CP, literal child sex slaves, bringing entire fucking towns, cities countries to their knees.
Only the fucking CP has impacts outside of the possession itself.
Fucking faggots.
This is easily as big or bigger than Jihan 'motherfucking' Wu of this very year.
It's almost as if autists are trying to punish themselves for being the simple minded, losers they are in 2017.
I laugh at /pol/ .
They desperately want happenings and they only ever take place on /biz/.
I think he's trying to make an argument against the legalization of drugs, by comparing it to child porn.......but maybe because of his autism, it's not really working lol.
It just sounds like a really awkward attempt to defend pedos.
wonder how many of you will start catfishing this pedo
Maybe he is saying it to get extradited to the US on child sex charges to escape Putin's goons?
His life is in our hands, man...
Finally, someone who gets it...
Like the heroin industry doesn't have an immense role in extraordinary crime up to mass extortion, slaughter, the funding of fucking terrorism, human trafficking, CP, literal child sex slaves, bringing entire fucking towns, cities countries to their kneesOnly because it's illegal.
Monero for storage and slow consistent growth with a small chance of mooningLINK for memesBTC for BTC
His point makes sense , he's not defending cp he's just comparing so the other guy he's just playing devils advocate to make the other guy see his point
what was the other guy's point even?
Fair
H-hello mister... C-can i have some ether pls?
You are all retarded.He's against the drugs, so he compares it to child porn: "Are we gonna allow child porn now, since we already have heroin?"
This is why I'm fucking stuck at $300
If you can't argue that too, you are literally retarded.
Whether on the left or right.It's common sense and completely obvious but people won't admit it because it's taboo.>all sides of the political spectrum are led by emotion
So this is why the price of ETH is going up?
Will this cause people to sell their ETH and buy NEO?
Or will the paedos sell their NEO and buy ETH???
People here are fucking morons.At no point has he said CP was good or should be legalised...https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/930288748360634368
topkek of the day my fellow roodypoo
...but maybe because of his autism, it's not really working lol.
It just sounds like a really awkward attempt to defend pedos.This is probably the case.There's what like, 5 people in this thread who see thatYeah but he's pretty retarted himself for not realize how wildly out of context his rhetorical comparison would be takenThat's /biz/ for you - we can't moon coins, but we can jump to the moon with our wild conclusions and poor conflations
A communist leader in a libertarian world.Why does everybody hate on Charlie Lee so much again?
Here's a (You) for you bud.
I can tell you really want attention.
now he wants to discuss it and exchange cp in privatekeke
So many butthurt normalfags.
Drug degenerates are far worse than pedophiles who dont actually abuse children
pedophiles who dont actually abuse childrenWell obviously.
The argument is that cp "consumption" does harm children.
Said this also in another thread:Is this guy stupid?
If you compare how the two of those are made.
Child porn requires abuse of a child, while making heroin requires growing a poppy plant.
Heroin does less harm especially if the user is a secluded loner.
What's his name again?
inb4 >Hebephilia is not pedophilia
If he has a publicist, or a HR team for Ethereum, they are probably shitting their pants right now, and trying to get him removed from his own twitter accountinb4>i-i was just playing the devil's advocate
Vitalik Buterinyourchild
Possession creates demand you fucking retard
Whenever you need ETH to dip release this sperg on twittersmfh
Possessing a video of murder doesn't create demand for more murder you fucking autist
At least Satoshi Nakamoto had the wisdom to remain anonymous ,if ethereum ever got too big they would just take vitalik out
People keep talking about price dipping because of this, but’s going up.
LOL fucking pedocoin moon
The good thing about crypto is that the population does not comprise of mostly bible thumping suburbanites that can't comprehend sentences.
Just heard Kevin Spacey is dumping his life saving into Eth 22:00 EST, BUY BUY BUY!!!!
So, he's basically a bro ?
Yes because what is supply and demand
Vitalik But"what if the child consents tho"erin
Buying pornWhat decade are you living in?
Under 18 is child porn everywhere.
Even if the age of consent is 14 in your country, it doesn’t matter.
Read your laws.
everywhere.Define this
4360194You're retarded.
If it was the real argument for putting cp owners in prison then the prosecutors would have to prove that the way he acquired the material encouraged production.And we couldn't put in jail people that just 'owns' it, without knowing how he got it.It would not be justice to put in jail someone who just found an usb key full of cp for instance.
If there is no information feedback to the producers then it is materially impossible that ownership incite production.
If you live somewhere that has a government, porn of people under 18 is illegal.
If you live somewhere that has a governmentSo it's not everywhere... you're contradicting yourself.
What's the age of consent on the ISS?Are they governed by a single countries laws or just a corporate standards and practices contract?
Are you retarded or do you just not know what a law is?
Somewhere that has a government is not 'everywhere'... so yes you're contradicting yourself.And it has nothing to do with knowing what is the law.
Stop trying to divert.
I will concede that there is currently no law against child porn on Jupiter.
Thank you.And also on about 60% of earth surface area.
and henceforth is shall be known as eth/b/ereum
It does if it's a snuff video.
Where were you /biz/ had a cp dump last night?
4352705
BCH is just a shitty altcoin using bitcoins name to market to dipshits like you.
that tweet will haunt him for the rest of his life, autists are so smart and dumb at the same time
Hungary => After 14 everything is legalIt's a country inside the European Union(14, year old with a 40 year old man = legal)>kek
implying hes wrongkeeping child porn illigal is pointless and a waste of time/resources.
i mean it was legal in japan untill it gave in to U.N. pressure last year
Yea, but animated child porn is totally legal in the U.S. (there was a Supreme Court case about this).
If Vitalik was only talking about drawings and not videos/photos, he should have clarified that.
Obviously with videos/photos there is real damages to children and society because those photos/videos people are possessing didn't just come from thin air, there was an actual child in front of that camera.
kek
Not a single ancapball image in the whole thread.
Fuck's sake /biz/
yeah just like rothbard was haunted his entire life for saying parents should legally be allowed to let their children die, let them sell their children to other people and talked of a flourishing free market of babiesright?
4352705
WHAt THE fuck
so is he now PEDO SKELETON not money skeleton?
there's nothing wrong with lolis
What's the deal with /biz/nessmen and pizza
No, because if enforcement were perfect, and creation of child porn were illegal, then there would be no victims.
The only direct consequence of posession is that some sick pedo gets to nut.
He says this to point out that heroin is harmful both because of its use, and because of its supply chain, whereas cp is only harmful because of its supply chain.
ok lol
this guy is so stupid, but made me so rich!money skelly!!!!
gotta puke now >.<
I think his point is both stances would be untrue but they are defensible, because ultimately drug use is something you do to yourself and child porn means a child had to be victimized at least once for you to have it