And so it was decided by the Lord T, in the year of the Downfall of Weinstein, that in all the cryptographic kingdom, there shall be ONLY ONE hallowed token that fulfills all of the blessed requirements for being the PALM BEACH HOLY GRAIL.But alas, this is no common token, and cannot be discovered through memecraft or common shillery.The Holy Grail of Palm Beach Tokenry can only be found by going on a PERSONAL QUEST to discover the ONE TOKEN that has been bestowed with ALL OF THE FOLLOWING SIGNS OF THE GRAIL:1.
LONG HOLD: Lord T recommends holdeth this token for eons of time2.
FEATURED PICK: Lord T wrote an epic, multi-page scroll describing this token in heavenly detail on the finest papyrus3.
TOP BOOMER PICK: Lord T choseth this token as one of the "Blessed Three" to be named in the "Cryptocurrency Action Plan"4.
RECENT UPDATE: Lord T provideth a brief writeup in his November scroll to update his loyal acolytes5.
TRADES ON BOOMER MARKET: The holy grail token must trade in the metropolis of Bittrex, where Lord T has guideth them to journey, for the hills of Poloniex have not become a land traveled by the boomers.6.
HIDDEN GOLD: The holy grail token is not yet known by the commoners, and thus -- FOR NOW -- can be added to one's satchel at a price that is less than 1/2 of Lord T's recommended purchaseth-up-to price.Whosoever discovers this coin and purchaseth it shall know the wealth of the gods and the peace of the angels.
BE VIGILANT AND SWIFT!
The portal to the Holy Grail of Palm Beach Tokenry will not remain open for long.
Once this token has gone above 1/2 of the purchaseth-up-to price, the dimensional window into guaranteed holy profits has closed, and it may be many winters before another grail appears that fills all 6 criteria...
IF it ever happens again.But those who attain a satchel of the Holy Grail IN THIS PRESENT MOMENT can drink from it forever.And when you discover the grail, 'tis far better to acquire it than to reveal it.
why do you care so much about this palm beach scammers?
If you knew of the fortune I have amassed simply by buying the chosen tokens you would not scoff.
>BE VIGILANT AND SWIFT!Chainlink to the moon confirmed
this.
do not give them any attention.
do not buy coins that are rumored to be their pick.
do not hype this up again.
remember what happened when 10 coins pumped simultaneously on bittrex, only to be dumped to oblivion shortly after, and all the paid shills on this board.
remember anon, do not forget this.
Teeka Pajeet is using his hedge fund to prop up every coin he promotes.
Easiest fucking money of my life.
I even bought Dash and made so much fucking money this week.
The holy grail is not a future pick.
It is a blessed pick from the past.
Well what the fuck is it bud, I want to like sip the goddamn nectar out of the chalice
Teeka didn't do those pumps and dumps bro.
It was this faggot twitter.com/OTC_Bitcoin
This is a personal quest... you must research yourself.
It is located in a southern US state.
Its BCASH you fucks
>starts with an s?