Bitcoin millionaire here (not like that faggot in that buzzfeed video though)I inherited 60k from my deceased grandmother last October, and went around online asking people what I should invest in.
I eventually found out about crypto and went all in in March.
I don't even remember how I had such balls of steel, I just had a feeling it was a smart move.I have over 200 BTC now.
I cash out 15k a week through coinbase because who knows if this shit will crash soon.My problem is, I've developed a very nasty hooker habit.
I see high end escorts in New York City that range between 700-1500 an hour.
I've fucked various porn stars, and just love getting my dick sucked by nasty whores.I'm 28 years old and a lot of my friends are engaged or getting married.
My friend's stupid wives or fiances keep trying to set me up with boring civilian women.
I can't even bear listening to their stupid, self-absorbed shit for the length of a dinner, now that I have access to hookers who will do whatever I want.What do I do?
Do I continue whore mongering or should I settle down and cheat on my GF?
no way her nipples are that small.
shopped.
Get a gold digger gf that's only with you for the money.>she blows you on the daily>you don't have to listen to her shit>problem solved?
Did you pay taxes everytime?
The US taxman is notorious for bringing down Mafia bosses (eg Al Capone)
Got any proof on the BTC my guy?But yeah speaking from experience, get yourself a normie GF that likes starbucks and whatevers trending on Netflix and cheat on her with the dirtiest whoores you can find, doesn't have to be hookers necessarily tho - ideally redheads that are doing something with themselves, even if its working in a shitty min wage retail job.
I have a couple of friends in a similar situation as yourself minus the millionaire part.
Ultimately its about being comfortable with your lifestyle at the end of the day if you find that its easier to bang hookers go ahead.
From my friends and my own experiences if you can find a women that can make you laugh and is unaware of your aforementioned wealth that's the keeper.
Because after all the blow jobs and sex they are worse than robots, your life feels like Blade runner.On a side note you could move to an asian country snack up a Jap babe with a rich family that likes to party but isn't stupid.
But hey what are the chances larper.
Fake tits.
Girls with real big boobs have large nipples.
My gf has small nipples big tits.
It's a rarer combo usually with women whose boobs had small nipples, and grew rapidly after puberty ended due to hormone influx (birth control).
but variety is nice too.
I've fucked 3 hookers in one day before.I think having sex with many different beautiful women actually changes your physiology.
Like your hormones, brain chemistry, etc all change for the better.This is kind of fucked up, but I literally chuckle inside at all my forever poor wage cuck friends and their fat ugly wives.
Their wives/long term girlfriends used to be thin, but now almost all of them are overweight.Disgusting.
thisI'll bet you're over 30
Point still stands, if you just want to have a gf since it's the social norm, it's one of the options.I'm sure you wouldn't feel as bad cheating on her, and she wouldn't care either.
4240134you're living the dream dude, I hope one day I can be in your position.
also what pornstars you had?
do the hookers call you papi when you fuck them?
you havin fun with this LARP bro?
Its up to you, a lot of women married to millionaires look the other way when they cheat as its often done out of town on business not locally where it can cause issues.>Do I continue whore mongering or should I settle down and cheat on my GF?Completely up to you, we cant dictate your life for you.
sophie deejoslyn jamespriya raibriana banksTheir pussies weren't as tight as some of the more expensive regular hookers (which I think are ultimately a better experience), but porn stars have crazy blowjob skills.
But they‘re all shit tier
You have three choices.
A.
Tell your girlfriend the truth and set up an ultimatum where she works with your needs or drops you.B.
Drop her and go full on pure aspie on dates in terms of telling the cold hard truth and face a thousand rejections until you find the right women.C.
Stay with your current gf and never tell her the truth leaving you a blue balled faggot keeping up a lie instead of simply poping the bubble.
Are you an interesting person?
Are you sensible, funny, intelligent or very passionate?If no, be content with a boring gold digger.
Why do you suggest jap girl?
I've heard many stories about how they act before and after.
Before they act all submissive and have sex with you all the time but then after they got their hook in you then they do a 360 and turn it into a dead bedroom.If you're going to take advantage of any kind of geo-arbitrage, why not go FSU?
Is there any legitimate reason not to go with a FSU chick?the captia is Verboden.
Give me 1 BTC or stop larping.
>Hit up AA meeting>Pick up chick, years sober Wont steal drugs, probably if you drug>Probably daddy issues>Good dick suck>Profit?
They're women I jacked off too hundreds of times.
So I wanted to bang them because I could.was thinking adriana chechik possibly, also veronica avluv for her bj skills
You have a shit taste, sorry m8
Well, my porn tastes were formed from downloading videos on limewire, so anything that successfully downloaded would dictate my eventual taste.Who would you fuck?
Also not all porn stars are avaliable to escort.
I have a few I'd like but who don't do it.
My ex had a 32D cup size with incredibly small areolas.
One inch diameter.
It was great.
Can't share pics, tho.
interesting, sensible, funny, intelligent or very passionateAll subjective terms you silly bitch.
how do you find out what pornstar escorts?
all of themalso op where do u go to bang hookers, like is there a place n i pay and go in or do i have to book a room and call one over
I use eros, the erotic review, or pamela peaks.I've never used others.
What do you do for a living, any plans on sustaining your lifestyle in case crypto, or the dollar tanks or becomes stagnant?
why would you fuck someone who sucked 100 dicks a day and has a horse size pussy > fucking idiots man
Here, let me fix this for you.You can basically cut out all of the bullshit about crypto and make this post a whole lot shorter.So you replace ALL THAT with one small sentence prefix>Im wealthy and..> I've developed a very nasty hooker habit and just love getting my dick sucked by nasty whores.>What do I do?This you post this shit on /adv/... not /biz/
Send 1 btc my way please !I’m struggling to pay rents and I have a son.
1 btc would change my life..1GTqRgY5DNHKS8vkNUDQpHAsrBNjKBqxbb
If I were you I'd get /fit/, a nice place and car, and just rail Tinder hoes of your choice.I'm /fit/ and already get lots of hot matches.
If I was rich it'd be pound town every other night.
would you rather fight one horse sized pussy or one hundred pussy sized horses
I have .07 bitcoin.
I'm poor as fuck.
Help anon.
16QuFdyTovB5tGZYhqtGZ4bnb6XJz54eYC
What about very old friends?
Would you help them?
Thank you!1Frr18n8r682F2ZGiz5EoXJWENFw9KSv9Y
Hookers are where it is at.
Nothing is worse that dealing with evetyones shit at work and coming home to do the same thing.
Fuck that noise.
Stay single, stay wealthy.
CHAD PLZ
This thread is bait, as soon as that 15k hit his bank account he would've gotten the letter, i mean at least keep it under 10k to not generate a ctr
holy shit are you me
what is a ctr?
Pay ur taxes, u bastard!!!!!
You just tell them you're gonna film it.
Lol what do you think they're too good to fuck regular people with $$$ instead of ugly big dick pornstars?
15zQrcn5RQBW9m2Pj6UU9xWzECqTvdcR7fSpare me something rareSo i can buy a pearBecause my biggest fearIs that anon does not care
42409604240860every person who ever begged on /biz/ should be shot in the throat
because who knows if this shit will crash soon.Not a true bitcoiner.
Scum.
I don't even remember how I had such balls of steel, I just had a feeling it was a smart move.>I have over 200 BTC now.
I cash out 15k a week through coinbase because who knows if this shit will crash soon.>My problem is, I've developed a very nasty hooker habitFun larp OP, I didn't finish reading though.
so you've got around 1 to 1.5 mil, 15k a week you're going to blow through your meagre savings in a little over a year, maybe two at best.
priya raiprove it, what does her pussy smell like?
that's the saddest shit i've ever read
I have over 200 BTC now.
I cash out 15k a week through coinbase because who knows if this shit will crash soon.Idiot.
We are going $20k next year.
Google Ledger X.perfect natural tits dont exist cope
So 60k into btc in march when it was around $1100?
So 55 btc about?
Yet you say over 200 btc?
and even so on 7x returns (7k btc) that's around $420,000 anon.
Bullshit?
maybe you shouldn't have kids if you're living paycheck to paycheck and can't afford rent because you got into a fenderbender.right on.LOL.
spent more than your portfolio on Niggercoin for fun.You're retarded and have never had more than 200 bucks in your checking.Yes, anything over 10k sets off a flag, but that doesn't mean you're going to get audited.
It simply is recorded in the banks record that this account received more than 10k in a single transaction, since it is somewhat unusual.I will pay my taxes so I don't give a fuck if I put more than 10k in my account at once.
The real idiots are the ones who make many 9k deposits thinking they are crafty, then get audited for suspicion of criminal activity (since the only reason you'd do that is because you're trying to get away with something illegal)The truth of the matter is that the IRS targets people for audit based on their level of wealth and suspicion within their area code.
The IRS is a business, they don't have time or the resources to go after small fries.
I live in one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in the US, the amount I made in one year is significant, but not compared to some people in my area who make 5-10+ million a year.I don't give a fuck about technology behind blockchain, I'm here to make money.
What a desperate LARP.....You have no proof of your success, retard.
alt coins?
yeah?
are you dumb?
4240123Same.
My gf has double ds but tiny nipples.
I can confirm that
Just wait till you read my haikus
That's exactly what i thought.
Probably less than that because of his "nasty hooker problem".
OP you really don't have that much money; keep the BTC, cash some out and live off the interest combined with a shitty part time job so you don't eat into your intetest-generating wealth and wait 5 or so years.
After that you'll be able to live out your fantasy.
Or you know, go shave that neckbeard and step outside for some fresh air because lord knows you need it.
Also your mum told you to clean out those piss bottles out of the basement because it's gross.
LARPing scum.
You have made a mil and you're still comparing your life to the standards set out for you by mainstream society?
You've made it financially, whats left?
Happiness?Possibly.
Know what makes me happy?
Doing what ever the fuck I want, and im on the verge of poverty (well for a 1st world country anyway) so if i've got my reasonable share of happiness with sweet fuck all finances behind me surely you can manage.
Fuck what everyone else is doing OP, do what you see fit, your life live it however you wanna, don't feel the need to conform.
At the rate you're burning through your money, you may have bigger problems than finding a quality cutie pie gf.Sort yourself out first, jackass.
You don't even need the pussy so you have no excuse not to really buckle down and figure out what you truly value.Then, just live those values.
Righteously.
Put yourself out there and be honest with the girls you meet and eventually you'll find one that shares them.Note: this means she has to be cool with you fucking other girls because you clearly will, sooner or later.
/ thread
What the fuck is the name of that women?
>have qt fiancee that wants to fuck daily but she has small titsis cheating worth it bros?
Invest un the industry then
Her name is Amanda Lee18HPhGT9g6DSjaxuMz9YUzoK46hZkXq43n
Leave her you dumb immoral subhuman
not all hookers give good blowjobs , how you scan them OP?Latinas give the best imo East europe girls favorite to fuck they are so fucking hot
eat shit
Which pornstars have you fucked?
i am late, who is this semen demon?
probably not.
You can fuck dd whores all you want but at the end of the day its just pussy.
tho I never gone someone with under C
SeeShe has a weird fucking face and looks plastic, not as hot as OP's pic
thx, jsent 0.01BTC with 1sat fee.