Komodo is an privacy currency, and it is a coin which is acknowledged by ETH developers and CEO Vitalic.The Komodo have already atomic technic on their coin and toword for several years.When MNZ dICO is finished, the Komodo platform will join with the next strategic partner and will soon release the BarterDEX version.This is a promising coin to be listed in the Coin Rail Market on November 29.listing on Coin Rail (29-Nov-2017)https://coindar.org/en/event/Listing-on-CoinRail-184 The details from the Komodo official website as belowhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1605144.0/ Komodo is money.- We are developing an open financial foundation based on the use of a Komodo institution.Komodo is fuel.- Komodo is fuels of our platform.
We need to develop a deoxidation app, and Komodo dragons need Komodo dragons.It will work.
As demand grows, coin will be used.A Komodo is a gateway.- Komodo is also the gateway to international currency financing.Also, it is possible to trade on our platform, even if it is not a Komodo.Finance for everyone- borderless world Financial information remains private, and people can not worry about politics or corruption, invest, and prosper.Komodo swing wallet- The swing wallet is currently the most stable Wallet.
It is a cornerstone of the Agma Wallet, and a Komodo is released.Agma Wallett (beta service)- Agma Wallet is the flagship product of the supermarket.
MultI-countriesA personal protector called Jumbap is a security service, and a Komodo supports a special place.It also supports trade not only for Komodo but also for other coins.Komodo Debit Card- You can use your Komodo anywhere.
UQUID sent a check card that supports Komodo.We can apply for the official website and we don't just issue a card.Also Komodo has partner which is called Monaizehttps://www.monaize.com/#/uk (Official Website)https://www.monaize.com/assets/pdf/monaize_lightpaper.pdf (Monaize white letter)
Sir thank you so much for this excellent informations.
I will go buy many right now!
I'm already in on this.
Should have a big year next year
i wouldntsaynextyearbecauseitsalreadyatitsfloorspacebarbroken
Chart is primed for a pump, I buy a lot at 29000

how does this differ from VIA?
shitty english.
pajeet detected
Bitcoin is going to experience chain death, and Komodo is a layer that archives on the BTC blockchain.So naw.
Don't buy Komodo.
bumb
mfw Magacoin is listed on BarterDEX>mfw successful atomic swapsbuy it now from other exchanges before this explodes
I too own this coin!
been slow though.... waiting for the gradual rise into positive territory

bumb
I'm all in... what are you waiting anon????
This coin is going to be huge!Just give it a little longer...
>Vitalik says is good>like ETH>buy plzNo.
I would not make fun of ETH https://i.imgur.com/DLKuXtr.pngas you can see the majority of transactions are in this coinFYIabout a conversation I had a while agoEthereumwhat do you think about this "Ether is FUEL for the network.
If it becomes too expensive then it will be redundant "?of course it can be more expensive, There is no hard limit on ETH, And its divideable to 18 decimals, No reason why it cant go to 10k eachEther is used to pay the worldwide ethereum virtual maschine to provide verifiable computations.
Miners are being payed Ether in fees which is the incentive to continue mining.When the switch to "Proof of Stake" comes there will be no mining anymore and because staking does not cost too many computational resources the fee for computation on the blockchain will decrease dramatically .....As the switch to "proof of stake" is planned in the next 12 to 24 months, the ether amount needed to do a transaction would also decrease by a hundredfold, Which is the reason why the price can go up 100x and the chain will not die !!!
!do you not think as a result more and more miners will move away from ETH to other cryptos...?The mining hardware are scrypt ASICs, Which can only be used for scrypt based Blockchains, wont work for BTC, monero, LTC or whateverThe lowest amount of bitcoin is 1 Satoshiwhich is 0.00000001 BTCThe lowest amount of ETH is one Weiwhich is 0.000000000000000001 ETHget in while you can this coin will reach 1000$ as it has the capability....