Anyone else worried about the lack of nolinkers/linkhaters?Few days (not even weeks) ago I noticed waaay more people against link or saying why they think the project would fail, etc.
but this week it seems like the entire board is pro-link now.
What changed?
Is there any rumor going around?Linker here but I like when nolinkers try to challenge me to a debate and the board has been kinda boring with out it lately.
Sergey Nazarov, the Unshilled
They bent the knee and bought in.
Soon all will bend the knee.
I think people accepted that this is going to be huge like ETH last year.
No one is missing out on this shit.
Gawd i just got justd by bcashParked my shit back in link
Former FUDder here who finally gave in Still FUD sometimes for the lulz tho
Former FUDder here who finally gave in Genuinely curious, what made you buy in?
It was one faggot youtuber all along.
Now he's stalking Data Dash (another faggot youtuber).
Who knows maybe they'll get to know each other and live happily ever after.
I sold my LINK so I postironically fud it in a desperate attempt to keep the price down.Will buy back after my other coins moon though.
Price finally seemed to find a bottom.
Had wanted to get in last month but I missed the ICO and was too salty.
FUD every coin that isnt yours biz 101
I lost like 40% of my portfolio thanks to bcash.
I swear all I wanted was to get more btc to buy link.Was thinking about going all on link and just wait.
Is this what you did?I wonder the same as-Kek I saw that.
He can't even tell dpthe difference between no marketing/hype but solidass project and pnd.
Why are you concerned with the retards here
Well, it's not like if you buy in now it's ATH
There's just less hype and fud in general.It used to own half the threads on the front page.It hasn't really moved either way for over a month now, everyone is either just holding until it has a major break out or sold to chase pumps and will try to get back in before.Not much else to say about it.
Still wondering why such a drastic change in like 4 or 5 days.
Welp we will see.
If something huge gets announced this week I'll understand everything I think.
but this week it seems like the entire board is pro-link nowbecause those same linklets bought into BCH at ath and then killed themselves, thats why is comfortably silent around here.
plenty of LINK haters here, bro.
Nolinker here, Honestly I don’t give a shit who is holding what.
But when I log in and see 5-10 threads about one single shitcoin, I go into all threads and did the shit out of it on pure principle.
Linkers have been calm lately so have i.
People are exhausted from bitcoin fork drama.
Oh you are so wise and generous for staying your hand...fuck i hate this board
pretty much this, been shitting up the board for the past few months relentlessly.
Real coin traders don't waste their time with obvious shitcoins.
Took me approximately 3 minutes to realize that LINK is a complete scam.
4387958
real coin trader>less than 1 btc portfolio
The shitty thing was i was up 150% on bcash when i was driving home and right when i parked to sell.
It already crashed.
Then i sold at the dead cat bounce and thought it would do another run Sunday.
Got justd since....Yeah i just put all my shit back in link what a week