/biz/, here's a friendly tip from an actual day trader; Instead of chasing strange Indian pump-and-dump coins, take a look at the coin market as a whole and understand that throwing your money at some of the top coins will most likely guarantee you a healthy return on your investment over the next 12 months.
In other words, adopt the same wisdom that underlies index funds in traditional finance and try to track the market overall by having a portfolio that's diversified mostly over the top 20 coins, not flavor of the week India and China projects that exist only to demonstrate the Greater Fool Theory.Yeah, they won't be the sexy and dramatic returns that you'd get by being an ICO holder, but before scoffing and dismissing this post, just take a look at where all of these boring big coins were just a measly 12 months ago https://coinmarketcap.com/historical/20161120/.
Just parking your money in the top few coins will work in your favor, even if it means a lukewarm 50 - 70% gain at end of year.As an aside, it would be wonderful if the coin market had some kind of DJIA equivalent.
It would more tidily show you just how much the whole market has grown over the last few years, a trend that isn't likely to stop any time soon.
50 - 70% gain at end of year.Good advice for wojacks.
But if you're a Chad, like me, you'll get those gains every month.
Personally, I've achieved 50-70% 3 weeks in a row.
think this is good advice, thanks op.after a few months of chasing shit coins, looking to get more top 5 coin holdings.
the question now is, is there going to be a dip down to get eth around $300 again and btc around $6-7K?
good, honest, solid trading advice from an actual person.
there isnt exactly an abundance of that on this board.no one cares faggit
Im just trying to be sensibly conservative in my estimates.
You probably wont have Lambo money in that time period, but you will certainly have increased your wealth.Though if /biz/ absolutely wants to know how to make Lambo money in days, then look into margin trading.
You mean to tell me that there are people on /biz/ who didn't know that already?How many fucking pink wojacks are there on this board?
absolutely useless advicethe people buying p&ds dont have capital to make it from a 100%
this
Actual coin trader here40% BTC30% ETH30% BCH
The hell are you even trying to say you retard?
I thought this was common knowledge?
These fuckers don't understand just how much gains you can compound on top of another in matter of couple years.
No patience at all.You're absolutely right, OP.
Look at the hilarious wojacks posting how they should've just left it in BTC for couple years, yet they FOMO to alt coins and waste it all the next day, only for more wojacks.
Not on /biz/ tragically.
% gains don't mean shit unless you already have thousands of dollarsHow is someone with under 10g supposed to make it with 100% in a year?
that's only 20 grand.
people who don't have starting capital HAVE TO take risks unlike people with capital.you might make it with 100% a year but that'd get me nowhere.
/3 BTC 1/3 ETH 1/3 XMR good?
This.
I have to take risks
Solid
i guess people with less money can try to take riskier investments since losses wont be so immense anywayin the end everyone has to decide how much he is willing to risk
% BTC 50% DASH is the way to go matey
4524991Its the bagholders of shitty altcoins who're bitching and moaning, and people who bought BCH high at $2400 who are desperately trying to get back the BTC they lost when BCH plummeted back to earth.The smart people who realised the smaller pump n' dumps saw them for what they were, and capitalised on them by buying low and selling high, but many people just bought when it was high thinking it would have a bull run like BTC.Those people screaming and shouting about "dragon slaying" are more often than not BCH bagholders who somehow think it is BTC's fault that they followed their emotions instead of thinking carefully when they saw BTC suddenly going down and BCH going up.I know market manipulation when I see if, but apparently many others don't or won't, cause they cannot admit they fucked up.
This was my exact split when the whole Bitcoin Cash event happened two weeks ago.
Worked out really well.
Iconomi
Good.
Not quite a full fledged crypto-indexed management fund, but it's not surprising that people have started on such projects.
what about going all in ark is this better strategy desu anon?
ive lost nearly my life savings and i am attempting to desperately claw back my losses desu
crypto day trader or other securities
Sell that BTC now.
Bearish divergences everywhere.
Use the money to buy ETH.
Once it breaks out of 420, the sky's the limit.Seriously.