What will happen when NEO fomos find out the news it not related to China?
What will Happen when the news tomorrow is that China is only allowing NEO and NEO pairs to be traded tomorrow, also that they are banning BTC mining?
NEO has been working with the Chinese gov forever, they list how they are compliant in their white papers, numerous articles come out last 2 days hinting this, and NEO council member himself released a statement that said “3 days you will receive 3 lifetimes of blessings” What more do you want Anon?
The door is open but not for long.
LOL when
How did Iris Heart become a biz meme?
ThisExchanges will be allowed and everything but neo pairs only.
If you want btc/eth pairs you will have to use a vpn to bypass this restriction.
Like the Chinese government would allow NEO to make this announcement.
This is honestly the best point anybody has made on the subject.A government would never let a company announce big information for it like that.The news is probably just that NEX is open for NEO trading pairs and onChain development has started more heavily... whoopdy fucking do.
Exaclty, they probably have some good news but not what people are expecting, so NEO will probably go back to $30-35.
Attempting to take off again.
"Sell me cheap bags, anon, you won't need them.".
priced in already sonnie boy
There is a couple of whales that keep slapping it back down so they can accumulate before the news.
They must know what it is.
Not at all m8, i bought NEO at $25 and i plan to hold it for a long time, it's just very unlikely this news is related to China.
They'll keep posting shitty NEO memes every time a green candle shows up during the dump and tell us it's coming back
 Agreed.
Big sell walls are being removed as well.
OK.
I'll spill the beans on who is accumulating mass amounts of NEO right now.
I work for them.
It is Colaska and Knife River, out of Alaska.
Thats right.
Go ahead and check what state has the highest volume of crypto purchases right now.
NEO belongs directly under ETH chewing away at it's market cap.
This is just a nice move up, it's going to take a while, but it will get there.
(Holding 550 NEO for min a year.)
I’m looking for a ride to the moon, did I miss this lift off?
I’ve been to cracked buying the dip on btc trying to get free rent lil nigga, feel like I missed this cause it seemed like the smart people buy in at the announcement of the announcement of news.
This whole shit is crazy; fuck it man I’m gonna offer contracts on neo called best neo tokens.
NEO will have its moment but it's probably better to buy after the news when most people will dump/panic sell.
You're doing too much work.
Find decent coins and hold for a long time.
Or better yet auto buy BTC or LTC every week regardless of price and forget about it for a couple years.
Likely.
I m just going to hold my Neo Stacks all the way through.
The strategy has worked for me on Bitcoin over the years, and this is the Chinese Bitcoin.
I pull a little Bitcoin once in a while when I need a vacation, or to remodel a rental, but other than that, it just sits there and catches money falling out of the sky, just like Neo will.
Dude I basically get a high from buying lower and selling higher, even small gainz, even from mobile if I have to.
It is to much work but I’m having fun, making a lil cheese, and most importantly learning more prior I had more experience with scrypt coins and mining; trading is a whole different animal.
That's a good strategy, i believe in NEO, i just don't believe the news on monday will be the news everyone expects thus resulting in a dump.
But in the end, even if you buy at or above $40 you will have some nice gains in the next year if you have the patience.
But i still think it's best to await the news and buy on the dump.
ARK.
Some autist posted it in every single Ark thread for a while.
At this point I assume it is multiple users, but then again, you can never underestimate the length some turbo-autists will go to.
Blame the deluded Arkies
Both of you have it wrong, Chinese government is going to threaten to ban it again, buy in after it crashes and then make it the standard.
just trying to save the deluded.