I just bought BCH at 1600, how fucked am i?
As long as you realize that putting all the transactions on-chain wont scale for use in the long run, not too fucked.
as far as i can see the pump is still goingyeah you're stupid for buying at the top
Pretty risky dude, you should have gotten in earlier when it was super cheap.
It sat at 350 for 3 months, and idiots on here talked shit.Now look at the price.
>buy moon>don't buy dip/biz/ in a nutshell
In 3 days it will probably have skyrocketed.
Might go down in the meantime though.Either that or they're planning to make 1600 the new floor to generate awareness of what's coming before the real big push in 2-3 days.
already larping as a loser to try and FUD BCHit's still going up BTW please don't keep making these fake threads
That's the price where there was a $1.9 million dollar wall on Binance.
Now that the wall is gone, the price is unstoppable.
Surprisingly you didn't fuck up this time anon.
We're gonna make it.
this could 20k in 2 dayswhy wouldn't the flippening have the biggest returns in crypto historylike who has the balls to trade this shit
dont worry , 1600 new floor this time.
this can reach 3k by sat day
Anon I-I... Every single time you guys fall for those BCH, XRP and ETH pumps.
EVERY SINGLE TIME20kOP if you can't see the red flags then good luck in this market...
Good move, it's only going up!!
OP here, oops i meant shorting @ 1600....enjoy your bags bcucks :^ )
On friday...If you sell at top...Only 90% returnminus fees.kys 90% faggot.
See you when you lose everything :).
How fucking stupid are you guys?BTC is the store of value in all of crypto.
It has the name, the branding, the awareness, the following, etc.BCH is just some shit coin that advanced pajeets like Jian and Ver and shilling to make massive gains.
It will never be used as a form of payment, better coins exist for that.
Even king shitcoin DGB is better than BCHYou're riding a very dangerous pump and dump.
Don't gamble with anything you aren't ready to lose in an instant.-twitter.com/lambolydia
How long you been in crypto?Did you see how hard BTC panicked last week, without a tx capacity increase these panics are just going to happen again and again.
You are buying into the corelet narrative.
yeah bch couldnt even sustain price for 5 mins before crashing 40%.nothing on that scale has happened.
WE DID FUCK UP.
GET THE FUCK OUT NOW UNLESS YOU WANT TO HOLD BAGS
Keep trying
don't worry.
it'll be 16000 by the end of the year.captcha: high exit