and if you sold already youre a dumbass.anyone on here that claims bitcoin cash is a scam is a fucking PAJEET.buy now before its too late
stop shilling, there's no use anymore
Ive been holding since it was 300 dollars
and here we have our first bitcoin cash marine
I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING
Pretty upset.
Just sold mine at .134 - seemed like it was about to start dipping.
I believe in it but I'd like to accumulate more.
I think the hashrate will cause a bit of FUD and cause the price to dip a bit before the fork happens.
Let's hope I'm right.
Difficulty will go upwards of 4x current.
im not selling either.
fuck it.
hope i wake up in green.
goodnight bros
we /MOONING/ again.
945.
Enjoy the eternal bags OP.
when is the next big sell off point?.2 I guess?when will it occur?
in how many hours?
Its 8am in Korea..this war ain't over yet.
Hope you got your tampons cause someone's gonna be bleeding.
Be honest with me can this bitch break 1k again or was that pure luck and pnd?
its about to any minute now
its approaching 950 again
muh niggerYou don't see we're on the road to go way above of 1k?
WHY DIDN'T I BUY THE DIP NOOO
I960
i'm a noob and I don't know what I am doing.
but let's pretend it is going up because of this triangle
When will you learn that cryptos (and finance) is a game of patience?
You bought at ATH, didn't you?And now you're shilling this hoping for someone to buy your bags lol.I got in and out quickly.
Made a nice 40%.BCH won't go up anymore.
It was artificially pumped and now it's going back to its usual price.
Dump the bags and move on buddy.
Next time don't be greedy.
Just made my best trade ever dumping this shit.
Was waiting since august this stupid move from Roger and Jihan.
fuck are you me?trying to apply logic to this chart and i got JUSTd so hard
DEAD CAT BOUNCE SELL NOW OR HOLD BAGS FOREVER
GET BACK IN NIGGERS.
REBUY BCH BEFORE TOO LATE
it is pumping because of the fork on the 13th.don't sell nowsell on the 12th or something.2 more days of this
I'm back in since 920.I'm watching...
tech analysis actually worked for once on the last uptrend line i drew these hands are glacial
THIS IS NOT A DEAD CAT BOUNCE RETARDYOU'RE JUST A CORE SHILL TRYING TO DUPE N00bsThis is going to 1.3k.Do not miss the fucking rocket.
30% gains if you act now.
55% increase in one day>buy the high!smart
its ok bro, we'll be okay.
The shitty thing is that I bought 1 BCH at 286, sold it and bought back, wound up only with .92, just JUSTed myself again and now i'm at fucking .84 bch.
Fuck the corecucks that keep trying to "counter-shill", BCH is the only thing i've actually made money on it's the only thing i can really understand, that being said I'd really like to accumulate more without having to throw in more money.
I admit, i sold like a pussybut i manned u pand bought the dip!I am smart!!!
with how many % do you guys consider to sell fearing a dump?
why are people so attached to core and blockstream?who cares if it is called "bitcoin" or "bitcoin cash".. they have the SAME history from summer 2017 to 2009. they are basically the same coin.
one of them is cheaper + miners like it more
>dead cat bounceIt's not a fucking pump and dump shit you retards.
It refueled to go over.
We're are almost at $1000 again.
>>T91jlikZ
cheaper fee and faster transaction i guess
I think 90% of biz is retarded and only knows pump and dump shitcoinsEvery time someone tries to talk about or recommend legitimate shit they treat it and talk about it like its a pump and dump"already pumped""LOL DUMPED ON" (dip)Higher highs and lower lows.Organic growth.Healthy fundamentals.Bitcoin Cash.
You FUDers are pathetic.
why not just use dash then?
It doesn't make any sense to use fake bitcoin when you have so many faster, better options
Speaking of pump and dumps, there's a good coordinated PnD group if you guys want some easy gains, I've made a decent amount from it so far.
You can reliably make 30% a pump.
Just remember to sell at the peaks and hold for too long.https://discord.gg/u7kgySu
To the newbies
Been watching since .088 took two days off work... yes we’re seeing a resurgence it ain’t shit compared to earlier today.
Hence standing on the sidelines until the OB actually commits
4291599but it's like some whales pump it to create fomo within shilling and after a while they sell it to buy cheap btc or some other altcoin
yeah i feel like this is our chance at a ride like what bitcoin had in its early days, but maybe i should not try day trading it to accumulate more, it should dump soon right?
growth is unsustainable otherwise i think
yeah i feel like this is our chance at a ride like what bitcoin had in its early days, That's what "they" want you to think.
% of the volume is from Korea.
This is not the doing of /biz/ you fucking edgelord.
Go jack off while the adults make money.
It would only seam that way if you did no research and know nothing about what’s going on in the market
What fork?
Can you fuck off you stupid fucking retarded faggot?
"They" are securing their investment against shithead developers who are being threatened in order to purposefully destroy bitcoin due to the fact that they're all fucking poorfags who didn't get in early enough and now either want to control it via blockstream or make an honest living and are hostages to bitcoin's demise.
Fuck off.
Yup.
I'm excited as fuck my friend.
I have a fair bit of insight on BCH, I've been studying it since it released and it's so exciting to invest in the technology that made BTC successful in the first place.
Just sucks being broke.
If I had a free 3k I would have went all in at $300 3 weeks ago.
Would have been fucking sweet.
satoshi already has a billion $ worth of bcc
i trust roger verhes tired of government people killing iraqi kids
 Bitcoin Cash volume is up 10x on bittrex fym stop trying to fud or are u retarded
https://learnbitcoin.cash PRAISE ODIN!
coinhive, really?
Try again pajeet
kek
same
Dumbass here.
Bought below 300 but sold almost half after the fork cancellation.Rebought some but overall dun goofd.
next major drop is at 0.18 or 0.20?
lol he is right idiot, go look on coin market cap where all the volume is coming from.damn koreans just waking up i hope they dump
and you go look on bittrex and see the volume faggot Koreans have been on bitcoin cash before your stupid ass.
Bitcoin cash is the only solution for the congestion problem legacy will not upgrade to 2mb stop being stupid
support 960 resistance 1000 break through again bb please
lol how new are you bittrex is not the only exchange but it looks like its getting its volume from all exchanges so we are both right
So shy of hitting 1k zzzzzzBREAK EVERYTHING CMOOON OOOMMONONO
Bitcoin cash is the only solution for the congestion problemsimply not true.
SL solutions are better than any block size "upgrade".
Nice double top.
Holding those bags are about to sink you faggot.
Thanks for playing pump of the month.
IRON HANDSBOUGHT MROE AT THE DIP TO 145K LETS GO
Kys
Eurofag here, what's the best place to buy BCH?
Btw, there's no point in shilling this.The volume is way beyond biz.Big whales are at work here.I only say this because I think anyone trying ot shill this like a standard shitcoin is a dumbass.Only say you believe if you believe.I BELIEVE!
kraken
The weak hands are out.
higher high in an hour?
HUGE TRIANGLE FORMING!!!!!
OMG
checked and thanks
use http://shapeshift.io to convert whatever you're holding into BCH or anything else, reallyless bullshit
Sold when they were at $700 a few months ago, and o got them for fuck all.
Bought in bitcoin at $800.
Who’s the dumbass now?
Hmm let me just check my current net value.......
I had BTC before the August 1 fork, does that mean I have those as BCH too?Halp
Yes.
That is if you hold the private keys from those wallets.
Guise?...
strong support at .139 but its on a down trend from the double top, i think the floor will be .125
I AM THE CASH WHALE.
THE PROTECTOR OF BITCOIN CASH.And yeah, don't fucking call me if it hits .125.
Holy shit sometime I just wanna sleep, mkay?
so where you think the floor is?
HELP US NOW PLEASE!!
!WE NEED TO RALLY THE MORALE OF THE PEOPLE.Just push it back up the 150s
I'll keep the floor at least wherever the fuck I want it.
Summon me if it's below 0.10 in the next 24 hours.
you better be the biggest damn mammal ever because with a volume like that i think you might be a bug on the korean minivan windshield
Organic growth.That's the biggest joke.
we will hit 0.3 btc in the next few hours...0.3 btc is the next stop
>resistance
Stop being racist, you asshole.
It's not Koreans, it's literally Roger Ver wash trading BCH with himself and his buddy Jihan Wu on an exchange without fucking trading fee.
yeah i honestly dont know what this shillfest is about..the money of everyone looking at these threads right now combined is fucking penniesif youre in a good profit then get out as always with any investmentyou having iron hands and holding means fuck all for this.. it has 2 billion fucking volume for christ sake, you arent doing shit
Which one
Bithumphttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-cash/#markets
When should I sell?Bought at 920
This is going to 1.3k in the next 12 hours, sir.
Sell there if you can't stomach to see the end result.
Coinbase's BCH funds are still locked up until early January 2018.
In the meantime, BCH can continue to pump, so it's hard to tell.
Keeping it might still be profitable, on the other hand, a profit is a profit.
never, you fucking nigger.stop being greedy and take risks.
This coin is p autistic
Hey pajeet how much did you make fudding bch today?
Bro look at the previous gains of cash to BTC.
It's higher.
While BTC rises, cash gets better gains.
Asians aren't on this for nothing.Also consider people are going to be selling their coins for the coming holiday season.
So BTC cash alts are all gonna bleed.I'd ride this one out for a while.
Your gonna make some good money.
Otherwise get an umbrella for the shit storm that's coming.
Dude, you just quoted and insulted the guy who is sitting at the other side in your office.
Wait, are you saying Coinbase is going to give people any BCH people were holding during the fork?
bigly if yuge
The true arbiters of liberty shall prosper whilst the corrupt shall shrivel.Normies must pay their fee to learn the mechanics of bitcoin.
This is a civil war and blood will spill.You didn't dump your BCH on day one, right?
You played it safe and at least kept a ratio of 1:1 to protect your possession of funds, didn't you?You read satoshi's posts and vision of how bitcoin should function!Economics and computer science are hobbies of yours!
Unironically did those things and after reading Satoshi realized that BCH is bitcoin.
Thanks for that last pump OP, I feel for the others that are HODL this coin.
They are gonna have to carry bags they can't even lift.I did make a shit ton of invisible money today though, yay.
Should I invest in chainlink next?
That sounds like a good veal product that self-tenderizes itself.
Early January 2018.
don't buy it
You didn't dump your BCH on day one, right?No because at that time I was all in on NEO still and got like $.75 worth of BCH.
Went all in BCH 5 days ago at $600.
Was worth.
What's the end resultNigger has been saying muh 1.3k all dayIt never happenedNo reason to believe it will happen anytime soonWhen is it crashing tho?
I'm more worried about that
What's an BCH desktop wallet that won't rape me, my family, my computer and my nation?
Electron cash