Bitcoin will become the One World Currency that the elites want so bad.
If they tried to force it down our throats it would get rejected however if we thought it was our own idea then it gets implemented.After LN upgrade, BTC will essentially be centralized in order for it to actually function as currency.
It will keep getting more centralized and then be co opted by the EU fags.
However, the ppl that hold on to it will be rich.
Before that time however it will be crashed into the ground in order to shake it out of the peasants hands.
This why I suggest HODL.
Bcash it better than BTC but that's not the point, the powers that be want a centralized digital currency that it can control and that's why BTC will win.
Powers that be in western world, perhaps.China seems to want BCH to win out.
Miner's coin for a reason, with cheap hardware and cheap government-sponsored power.I'm gonna give it to the filthy gooks on this one on winning it out.
Would you consider it the new paradigm?
Yes.
It's the new paradigm of the government knowing exactly who has what.
Tax evasion is a thing of the past.
People labeled criminals are shit out of luck.All these people screaming about how Bitcoin Cash is better and that it's actually not going to be as centralized was BTC when LN goes live are missing the big picture.
No one that really matters gives a fuck because they want BTC to succeed.
Nice just thought 100k
Yep, we’re going to live in a world divided into spheres of crypto-influence based on computing powerThe sooner western governments turn their computers to btc mining, the better
How can they be made to realise this?I abandoned my western home country and moved to Japan just because I don't see how it's possible to get it through their thick skulls that they can keep playing the same bullshit games they've been playing since the nixon shock if they're competing against people who use a stable and immutable unit of account.It's alright here but frankly I worry for my home country as well as the entire anglosphere if they keep their head up their ass much longer.
sorry sir but your saying unless markets are tampered with then BTC is doomed to be slaughtered by BCH, like you did other nightwith bithumb sir sir try to grasp that it can only be delayed at this rate
do you faggots larp as pajeets or you really are pajeets?
either way kys
will becomebecoming
Get a load of this gajin faggot
he wrote a poem you bloody bastard bitch
You are supposed include "satoshi's vision" in your narrative also.
I hope you don't get paid for such a lousy job.
Minister you, Satoshi
Right fucking nips want me to know how to speak Japanese and I'm still not 100% certain I actually want to stay here so I keep putting off learning.
Awkward as fuck.
Some western nations already know dudeThis is a report funded by the australian treasuryhttp://www.data61.csiro.au/en/Our-Work/Safety-and-security/Secure-Systems-and-Platforms/Blockchain
That's where I'm from.They're socialist as fuck.
They have no fucking clue what's going on.
Their fringe research papers have zero actual impact on the ground.
>He thinks BTC/BCH, let alone PoW coins are going to still exist when crypto or whatever it is becomes the worldwide currencyFirst-mover advantage only lasts so long
minister you, satoshibitcoin will become ubiquitous but not because of the elites, it will be the first signs of a new economy emerging, and a new world order controlled not be the elites or the jews or the neocons, but these guys in the webm.
They're socialist as fuckYou think aus is socialist as fuck but you moved to japan?>Their fringe research papers have zero actual impact on the groundHow long do you think it takes to even begin the transition into the future bro?
A long time.
And an even longer time to finish.
After LN upgrade, BTC will essentially be centralized in order for it to actually function as currency.You keep saying this but have never adequately explained it.
move to country>refuse to learn native languageThese types of people are universally hated.
It cant even handle transactions for autism roulette let alone world trade lmao
Intend to learn native language as soon as I'm 100% certain I'm staying here.Absent that, what's the point?
Not a weeb.
Nobody has ever tried virtue signalling at me about social justice bullshit here in Japan, and my tax burden is a lot lower.