I-it's not true, is it?
just a faggot trying to bait others into cashing out
no its not true.cashed yesterday 50k USD worth of BTC out
Try it, faggot.
You got meme'd hard by all these crypto shills.
i've cashed in and out on kraken.com and bitstamp.com
4526415fuck off Coinbase International Defense Force
4526465guys, it's funny, haha but stop it... you're scaring me...
Paranoid amerifat or just useless cunt.I tho it was bait tbqh.
TRADE FOR ACTUAL GOODS WITH BITCOIN
>what is localbitcoins
Jesus fucking christ, those retarded fucks.I have bitcoin ATM literally 10 minutes from my hotel, you can withdraw actual money there from your bitcoin wallet
Implying BTC ATM's don't exist
Just a nocoiner trying to cope with having missed out.
I cashed out $10k three months ago and another $5k today.
Still have around 12BTC.
I've cashed out easily via Coinbase.
Not massively but I cashed out about 0.14 BTC last month when I needed to fund a weekend trip.
Troll or delusional boomer.
You'd have to be retarded to go through the effort of setting up a quality exchange,attracting users, etc.
that prints money from transaction fees just to break the law and try to steal some extra dollars.
And someone that dumb wouldn't be able to get a quality exchange running in the first place.
Coinbase to bank account multiple times, no problem
It's true in the sense that if you try to cash out to a bank without kyc checks, it's never gonna happen.
>wirex?
tenx?
I have no idea what he's talking about, Ive cashed out multiple times and it is 100% exactly the same as cashing out if you had liquidated stocks in a margin account; simple ACH transfer back to your checking account.
I have no idea what he's talking about
holy shit, this is actually true, I've been tryin to cash out for days, still not working...
It's true
FUD harder, poorfag
4526400 (OP)My situation exactly, i cashed out on coinbase and still haven't received my funds, i've been waiting for 2 weeks now and whenever i call them they beat around the bush/brush me off.
Keep your crypto and wait until you can actually use it to buy things.
TRY it, try to cash out, you literally CAN'T.
I don't know how I didn't realize this before.
Localbitcoin?Using it on amazon?Usng a different platform?Also, checked.
I literally just tried it and got an error message: "not enough fiat, please try to cash out again later".
You can definately cash out on kraken.com.Here in Vienna we also have a few bitcoin ATMs
It's true that you can't cash out, but you can buy gold with your BTC which is just as good, if not better!
localbitcoins you bucnh assholes
come on biz, the boy is probably shitting his pants.
You easily cash out via kraken (They use Fidor Bank and not some shitty polish money wash bank) or trough bl3p.eu (SEPA only).
They are both good
No problemo, Anon... Just cash out USDt (Tether) into your Tether digital wallet.
It's really simple.
Then you hold until the exchange can make the trade between USDt and USD.
It always works, since 1 USDt= 1 USD.
:)
you think it is funny but try to cashing out large amount without tanking the price
I've successfully cashed out from coinbase, though it was only about $2000.
>Taking /biz/ seriouslyCome on, the meme that you had to pay taxes on every exchange in the USA is also going around like crazy.
Everyone's jumpy as fuck and one anon preaching doom gets everyone panicked.
Okay, this one's actually believable.
Tax laws in the US are crazy.
I don't use Coinbase like a homosexual, but I have cashed out in person and bought gold/silver.
This week.
Dream on, A few friends have already cashed out 80k combined.
Via kraken.
Leaf here, other leafs can cash out on quadriga and quebex.
Cashed out to my bank account many times and it is quick.
That one is true.
Why in fuck's name are you trying to FUD people out of buying crypto, in a crypto board?
Literally everyone here are in crypto.
This may be the worst life wasting I've ever seen in my life.Also that anon is an idiot.
Here's the thread:
I do it all the time.
No problems here.
Coonbase is fine