thank you for the powr pump.
i bought cheap SLR bagsfor the normies SLR is 100% the confirmed PBC pick for the month>MIT connections and huge partnershipshttps://www.newscientist.com/article/2079334-blockchain-based-microgrid-gives-power-to-consumers-in-new-york/>Teeka's recent picks have been low marketcap coins20 million market cap>Nick Gogerty is also working on Lykke which is another Teeka pickBTW power ledger was asked in their AMA about the PBC pick and they said they never spoke to Teeka.
It's over.Thanks idiots.
powr is pumping again.
another prime opportunity for cheap SLR.
be the smart money
REMINDER DON'T FALL FOR THE FAKEPBG-ASSETS IS THE REAL DOMAIN
I just loaded up.
Thy
It's strange because PowerLedger confirmed it wasn't them and people still fall for the PNDs.
Teeka never actually speaks to people.
He is just shilling so he may as well pick POWR.
4396344Anyone who actually does a little bit of research knows it's solar and already stocked up.
The MIT connection is 100% solar.
Teeka's preference for low market caps is 100% solar.
Nick Gogerty's history as a derivatives trader is 100% solar.
I find these powr pumps hilarious to watch and stock up every time solar dips.
anyone who does research knows its not SLR cause SLR is a shitcoincheck the solar coin circulating supply vs total supply, total supply is 2500x biggernot 2500%.... 2500xthis is because the way the coin works, coins are brought from total supply to circulating supply when a user can prove they generated solar powerthe solar power is not sold to SLR or anything, just proved to be generatedonce it is proved to be generated, the coin brought from total supply to circulating is given to the userfor the sole purpose of being dumped for btcthis coin is literally made for dumping... no reason to purchase as an investorprobably the biggest shitcoin out there
OP delete, i'm not done accumulating
I've heard that SLR is a shitty fork of something.
Is that true?
POWR has much more legitimate fundamentals than SLR.If anything, it holds better post-ICO than 98% of the shit out there.