This doesn't look goodhttps://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
huge if huge
btc wallet having a USD balanceWhat did they mean by this?Is that the mkt value of the btc or something?
yeah, its the value of the wallet in USD instead of BTC
please explain what I'm looking at
1bil transaction oh man
White whale....
>Maximum concurrent requests for this endpoint reached.
Please try again shortly.hm
BCH FUD pic not related?
the bitfinex cold storage wallet has lost 25k BTC in the past 5 days, 15k of that happening today
Only on blockchain.info, seems they have some protection against request spams
The bitfinex cold wallet..Poor fud
It's looming near
Why does this matter?
It doesn't.
Nothing matters.
Sure, it's not a sign the world is ending, but Bitfinex losing 8% of its reserves in one day is certainly not a good thing
Screenshot shows the Bitfinex cold wallet has conducted 6565 tx total and received more than it’s sent, what’s wrong with that?
Screenshot=link, typo
blue line - reveived btc into exchange red line - out of exchangeConclusion:People taking out their btc out of exchange People smell something fishy
Monero Flight to safety has begun.
yeah zoom out for us faggot.
Just started mean anything to you, Mong?
They had to pay some bills, whats the big deal?
Why don't (you) zoom in to THIS, Faggot.
operation dragon slayer
Isn't it common knowledge that bitfinex isn't solvent.
Endless printing of fraudulent tethers, endless pumping of bitcoin just to give their lenders and users enough incentive to either borrow more or postpone withdrawing... the scheme is so obvious.Emo investors too weak for the crypto game will call it FUD.
Why is bitfinex dodging the bank audits?
I tell you why faggot.
Bitfinex - TETHER IS THEIR PERSONAL BANK, Ifinex is sister company of bitfinex.
Hey Anon, I saw a few posts about GVT in here yesterday and I did some further research.
This coin is an absolute GEM!They're trying to disrupt the 70 trillion dollar Private Trust Management market.
Only 3M tokens in circulating supply and the market cap is barely 10M.
One thing that made this team gain my trust a lot was the fact that they burned their unsold ICO tokens rather than keeping them.
That's a rare thing in this world of money-grab ICOs.They have all round good guy and crypto god Charlie Shrem advising and investing in the project.
He is great at PR and is connected as FUCK.
The devs have promised a TREX listing soon.
This coin listed o 4 exchanges within 24 hours of ICO completion.
Charlie Shrem is a BEAST!
https://twitter.com/CharlieShrem/status/930892314570051584https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zipMTu1HsxETrust me you don't want to miss out on this coin.
You don't want to not be holding when this coin hits TREX (devs have confirmed this).
DYOR as always but I am bull as fuck on this coin.
If this coin goes to just $50m marketcap it is already 5X for us!