Serious economic question!
The kind of guys who marry Trophy Wives are basically acquiring a Veblen good, yes?I assume a Trophy Wife is not just a 10/10 babe, but she also has to have some kind of status of her own - something that rubs of cachet or prestige onto her husband yeah?
Serious discussion about economic theory and marketing and you fuckers are too busy posting in Pajeet threads... COME ON GUYS!
I love a good hot bitch and manhandle her
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to be good backThe first ten posts to get dubs after this post will get 1 btcWill check thread in the morning and send to the lucky winners
Pajeet calm down, you're not on Omegle or InstagramOh how nice of you, my address is1x40... DjWaiiiiiiiiiiiiiit a minute!Now all we need is>That girl isn't Asian>College.
Micro or Macro?And we'll have the whole /biz/ canonSeriously, I just want to talk about conspicuous consumption and what qualifies as a Veblen good and how to exploit that!
Seriously, I just want to talk about conspicuous consumption and what qualifies as a Veblen good and how to exploit that!No.
You want to feel smart because you learnt a word either through your wikipedia browsing or your econ 101 class, and you come here to tell yourself you're better than the rest of the world.If you were interested in discussion, you could have defined the term, giving yourself the biggest possible audience.
Instead of patting yourself on the back for knowing terminology, you could work on your communication.
This is all outlined in "how to win friends and influence people", the most basic entrepreneur book you can read.But that would assume you have the drive required to be someone.
Much more likely you're on track to get a stem degree of some sort and follow the crowd to be a good little corporate drone, middle-class urbanite using your slightly above average IQ to look down on those slightly below you, content to live a life of wasted potential.
Great serious economic topic, dude.
You're obviously writing about yourself, don't hate on yourself so much mang.
You can make a choice to break out of mediocrity.Anyway, like I was saying, do you believe that social-dynamics that require a financial investment - such as a Trophy Wife - could be seen in the same was a Veblen good or am I wrong to conflate these two things?
If so: why?
i only love woman i she open bob and show vegana for me
Your answer is yes.
Anything that society desires and is not easy (for your regular pleb) to acquire is generally a status symbol.
The ownership (marriage) of a beautiful person has always been and always will be a status symbol.
It's the same idea as the trend to own exotic breed cats a few years ago or buying a lambo to prove your status.
One will hack a hair ball in your expensive shoes, the other will cost your a fortune in maintenance.
Owning a trophy wife is simply the more expensive of the bunch so therefore top tier.
In the end upkeep = cost of inclusiveness in da club.
this one is goodlol m8 u got rekt, just admit it
The ownership (marriage) of a beautiful person has always been and always will be a status symbol.
It's the same idea as the trend to own exotic breed cats a few years ago or buying a lambo to prove your status.Who is the audience for this then?
Or is the audience the self?I will admit it, yes, he predicted I'm middle class.
How he picked that in a scattershot of adjectives and assumptions that had no relevance to me I don't know, but damn it the astuteness to get one vague attribute right!Incidentally, yesterday you were thinking of a friend you haven't spoken to in a long time, and there is a reading material in a obvious place that you've been putting off reading for too long.You also have a watch that has stopped working.
FUCKIN SAVAGE!
hey man when I was on my 1st year of college I found out about these fancy terms like veblen effect or snob effect and considered myself smart as you do atm.
though actually this has nothing to do with intellect and in fact some low-level discussion you're pitching to us.
just stop anon...
This entire post makes me cringe.
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to be good backThe first ten posts to get dubs after this post will get 1 btcWill check thread in the morning and send to the lucky winners!
!