6 hours later and the 1000USD buywalls I told you about are still going strong.
We are not going below 1000USD.
This will be the last 6 hours of your life that you can ever get bitcoin at 1000USD, don't waste this chance.In 6 hours we kill BTC.
>killing the only known crypto that's starting to get normie adoptionFuck off chinko
killing the only known crypto that's starting to get normie adoptionFuck off blockstream kike
You fuck off faggot, we support bitcoin herego back to r/btc with rest of your circlejerking retards we don't need your cancer plaguing our board
screencapping this so i can ridicule you later in the public
You fuck off faggot, we support bitcoin hereYes we do, not that blockstream kike corruption called bitcoin core.
Kys, deluded faggot.
Your shitcoin is nothing but a pnd.
trying to flip the only time-tested most resilient cryptocurrency with the most backing, hype and support that literally came out on top as a winner EVERY TIME since 2009 and short it, only to invest its aborted twin brotherWhat could possibly go wrong?
BCH spammers are beginning to show profound self-doubt in postings all over the web.
As someone who held both and wanted a two-speed solution of wealth store PLUS transactable currency, I can stand back and independently say that if BCH collapses, it will be because of its terrible promotions / community efforts.
Crapflooding and spamming in English-as-second-language posts look flimsy and dubious.
BCH is young and brittle.
The hubris posting is lunacy and makes the entire coin look like the domain of dupes and conmen.
Virtually everyone who has BCH also has BTC, because of the airdrop.
Knowing this fact, any post that says "I hope BTC dies and goes to zero" should instantly set alarm bells ringing.
Who really wants to see an asset they hold go to zero?
Nobody.
So why post that?
Not because they want THEIR BTC to go to zero, but because they want YOU to believe that YOUR BTC are about to go to zero.
In other words, most of the biggest BCH crazies are attmpeting to gradually swap out their BCH for your BTC.
The real flippening will be when all of the "hardcore" BCH fanboys flip over to BTC - when in truth they never left.Ignore FUD.
Noisy BCH posters want your BTC for a low price.
Genuine BCH posters who want to see a two-coin future: don't get radicalised.
Test your peers' posts.
Tell them that they are making the BCH project look like a bait-and-switch scam.
They may be naive and over-enthusiastic, or they may be crooks.
Each is bad for the future of BCH.
Keep telling yourself that while Satoshi Nakamoto fucks you with his big jap dick.
Lol, I think you might as well kill yourself now.
You already lost 70% of your holding, dont lose the last 30% because Ver convinced you that BCH is the real deal.
Crapflooding and spamming in English-as-second-language posts look flimsy and dubious.Literally this.
I've never seen so much BTC shilling as in the last few hours.
We must have them really scared now
This was the hardest war BTC has ever won to date, so allow people to celebrate.
Also be a good loser and stand somewhere in silence.
Are people really stupid enough to dump their BCH after a full retrace?
A bounce from here is pretty obvious in my opinion