The Tesla presentation on their new semis is starting soon.GET IN HERE!www.tesla.comTesla is in the midst of intense supplier and operational issues for the Model 3.
Investors are feeling shaky, as the stock recently fell from $350 to $300 amongst production issue reports.Now suddenly, Tesla is going to announce their new trucks that Elon Musk has assured will "blow your mind.
"Will Tesla wow us all?
Or is Elon Musk going to reach another level of snake oilsmen that will catapult him to Madoff status?
What about the poor truckers tho i can't see this ending well at all shorting here 1000x leverage
stfu no coiner
Lmao NO ONE in the transport industry is even going to think about using this trash!
>autonomous electric trucksAbout damn time, this shit is revolutionary.I know it won't work in an ideal scenario, as it still doesn't have the range of big rigs.
But Elon will get there.
Haha is that the fat fuck that can't even deliver 1000 cars in a month?
Anyone watching the stream?He just showed that the truck will go from 0-60mph in 5 seconds, without load, and 20 seconds with load.Goddamn, I love Elon too much.
lol why the fuck is tesla shilling here of all places?
mile rangeNeato
major stream issues.. not good.and no im not shilling TSLA.
I just really like Elon.
frankly, one issue i see is that truckers will see this truck as for faggots
Truckers usually don't own the trucks, and the companies are gonna do what's most cost effective for them.Also, it looks cool as fuck, I think truckers will like it.
That's fucking fine and dandy, but how many freight haulers are going to see the cost of one of these bitches as economically viable?
I'm sure it'll sell well in Europistan and faggy ass silicon valley, but beyond that, meh.
Let's see the price, he hasn't announced it yet.
And I'm sure Elon thought about that.
fake spaceship fool gonna make up production and preorder numbers then big surprise.
miss!
of course he just makes up total bullshit for yall to buy his worthless stock.
enjoy!
fake spaceship fool gonna make up production and preorder numbers then big surprise.
miss!
of course he just makes up total bullshit numbers everytime for yall to buy his worthless stock.
enjoy!
>the brakes are energy>the drivetrain generates energy>shitting in the cockpit generates energy>solar panels on the roofSomeone set this oil man on fire
He just showed that the truck will go from 0-60mph in 5 seconds, without load, and 20 seconds with load.Do this once, 20% of your range is gone.Id like to see the result of it hauling two trailers up a 25% grade road.
oh shitTSLA taking a bite out of Apple"oh, and just one more thing.."
New roadster.
Oh baby let my crypto gains be big
Diesel trucks will be more expensive, per mile.
elon told me so it must be true
Yeah I'm going to have to see that in practice before I'm convinced.
I have to be up at 5am to haul some shit hurry the fuck elon you faggot i want to go back to school
 mile rangeJeez
he talks like oil raped his mom or something
To be honest, the only thing Elon says that are not true are deadlines, because he never overpromises on product.
Is Tesla ever going to turn a profit?
tesla is the world's most expensive penny stock scam
I don't even care their cars are fucking great to drive
i was hoping he'd give us an update on model 3 production targets
What are you talking about, they are profitable.In fact, when they got a loan from the government, they returned the loan 5 years earlier, with interest.
damn.Besides the Trucks, they announced and presented the new Roadster.
sittin pretty right about now
wtf app is this?
robinhood.
zero commission zero fee stock trading my man.
"profitable"
http://share.robinhood.com/brianh555
Yup

zero feehow do they make money?
by investing your uninvested funds loaded into your account.
and also robinhood gold monthly subscriptions which give you a margin account and access to pre/post market trading hours.
He needs some display or something to read off.
FUGcan't use them anyway
I'm a newfag to investing.
What's the goal here with your Tesla stock anon?
Dividends?
Or sell when the price increases?
I think Elon Musk is cool and all, but holy FUCK is he an awful presenter.
>"I..It...It..
The..the truck is s..s..s.. (laughs)solarpowered.
"J..J..Jack k..knifing is impossible">Crowd loses it's mind
peter thiel is way worse I swear they're both on some kind of performance enhancing drug that makes them stutter like crazy
hold for 20 years and retire.
half jokes aside, yeah, dividends are the end goal.
either with TSLA or selling it and reinvesting with someone that does.
You'd think a fucking billionaire could afford public speaking classes.
I'm mean it's pretty obvious Elon's got the 'tism, even if it's just mild Asperger's
TO HELL WITH BARRIERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hi redd*t, I know you guys love elon musk so I started a thread about him, upvote me please