Did you skip MOD, DOVU, POWR, CFD, NIO, RDN, and EPY (well EPY there's still time for another 3-5x) - but did you skip/miss all of these?Here's the next ED gem.
It's not even listed on ED yet.
They have submitted to ED/Coinmarketcap and will be listed some day soon.Currently around 12 cents with a total supply of 48 million tokens.
Circulating supply is less, but I don't have exact figure.
I talked to the devs and ED/CMC listing is right around the corner.
Easily a 3-5x once it gets listed on ED/CMC.Anyone have any clue what it might be?
show me some funny pepe's and ill reveal it here in 30 minutes or so.
here's me buying EPY 3 days ago just for proof that I am your neighborhood gem finder.
I would show my other buys too but dont need to prove shit to you guys.
trust or dont idc.
Yup, I skipped those coins.I am new to crypto/4chan, would appreciate your recommendation, dude
Here are some pepes, thanks OP!
Hi OP please tell me anaisraoux1990 at gmail.com
how is it 12 cents if its not on any exchange yet?
Wasn't btc priced at more than one cent without being on an exchange?
Please give name OP
for those who stayed committed.here's the next gem.horizon state icohttps://etherdelta.com/#0x554c20b7c486beee439277b4540a434566dc4c02-ETHthey use the decision token.
total supply 48 milliongood luck friends, and remember to HOLD until atleast ED AND CMC listing + 3-5 days for maximum gains
a good buy in price is anywhere between .00035 and .0041 imo is where ive been accumulating
not on OPs list - DCORP (DRP)low marketcap/supplymoon is imminent
> over 5ml mcapLmao good luck
.00041*
what is this compared to aragon?
sounds like staying poor to me my friend.im like 9/9 on gems lately.
put 3 ether in it, wish my luck bois
>this thread>we participated in a shitty ICO and we need to find some suckers to buy our bags.>I know let's shill it on /biz/ !
yeah look... that total supply cap.. puff puff pass

do more research poor boy
Blackmoon is a Babylonian Talmudist's shitcoin.
Bancor 2.0.
I hope you all lose everything, you kiddy-fiddling fucks.
it's not blackmoon, its harvest state you fucking brainlet
And I didn't even have to ask what shitcoin it was, you just come out and told me.
Too easy.