where were you when BCH made history?tonights the night, the moon mission of our lifetime
nah too many people bought at ATH and will sell once it gets back in the 1600 ~ 1800 level
no things have settled down, anyone with a brain with hold past whatever the fuck they bought in at.If you bought in 1400 - 2800 and you sell when it hits that price again your gunna fuck yourself again lol.
whales will buy those upwith adjustable difficulty we'll be able to mine much faster and more efficiently.
We'll be able to have more coins on a much larger scale than bitcoin core.core is finished
Buy My Bags - The Thread.
excellent work
You chinks are desperate
here we go boys.
1:1 parity to bitcoin very very soon

I told you its mooing.flippening here we come
mooingkek
and how does that help the bch priceIt just does hehe Corecucks btfo heheI'm not a larping neet degen hehehe
BCH MOONING
its not moonig, its going nowhere
One thing is clear.
Alts won't moon until one Bitcoin died
Yes, because a biz thread is really gonna have any effect on the price of BCH.>People ("investors") actually believe this
Bit has enough buypower to initiate a lil pump which could then, depends on other hype factors, lead to a fomo which leads to a real pump which leads to a bigger fomo which leads to a moon.Stop telling biz the different things.
We could have killed BTC already if Evey second of us just buy one now
Let's do it
We need to kill it before CME in December.
After this, Satoshis vision is dead
Right.
Sure Camelot, sure.
this shit coin is getting worst than DGB nice try, but we wont' buy your bags lollllll
Get some sleep.
You cashbag holders are getting increasingly delusional.
Its worrying
Desperation is a stinky cologne
Why tonight?
good sentence pajeet
>Ver pumps BCH to 2k>BCH becomes mire profitable to mine>Meanwhile BTC will not adjust difficulty for ages>https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions grows to millions>BTC free falls>Parity within hours>BTC left in the dustI sincerely hope you guys are smart enough to not hold any BTC right now
Are there any whites left in this site?
It seems we are filled with pajeets and chinks shilling shit coins and fuding all the good ones.
Wrong on everything.
Btc is constantly adjusting difficulty, transactions backlog is decreasing.
Was over 200k at the height of this pnd.
I'm white
Why is this fucker stablizing now?, volume is dropping like a brick but sats stay the same..
It's over.
Move on.
BTC adjusts difficulty every 2000 something blocks.
If the majority of hashing power moves to BCH the next BTC difficulty adjustment will never even come..
BTC already almost died with the last BCH pump.
It was only saved by BCH difficulty adjustment kicking in.
That algorithm was replaced yesterday.
you kids wanna make some serious money?start trading doge coins for $1.00 each to eachother and hold.shill the fuck out of doge coin for months.meme that shit.we'll get +10,000% gains.for shilling a fucking doge coin...you wanna get rich?$1.00 doge.
Nice trips predict BTC death.
It doesn't even have to begin with BCH pump.
BTC dump will also trigger the death spiral.
It was only saved by BCH difficulty adjustment kicking inwrong, it was saved by either a simple DDOS or Roger or Jihan dumped his bags on us, or both.
I bet you get your news from /r/bitcoinBitcoin cash (BCH) price could lead to bitcoin "death spiral" - Quartzhttps://qz.com/1127817/bitcoin-cash-bch-price-could-lead-to-bitcoin-death-spiral/Go ahead, rek the article
The trips are predicting BCH death, not BTC death.
The graph is BCH.Enjoy your bags.
Nah i just meant there was alot of shadyness going on in that dump, watching bithumb, bittrex and kraken all simultaneously shit themselves was unprecedented, i watched it live, the price plummeted after bithumb was down, not before as may people like to claim, the flippening was real until some shady faggots ruined it all.
https://pastebin.com/D09wHy2W
Bought at 0.06 m8.
I'm quite cozy.
Seriously, at least move your BTC into an exchange and do it fast.
When it starts, you have only minutes before your BTC will be essentially worthless
Who keeps suppressing the price ?
NONSTOP since yesterday someone has been listing and removing 5-6 btc sells to keep the price down.
>"coin is dead kope moar !
"No it clearly isn't
5-6 btc sellsis that enough even to make an effect?
n-no it can still moon :(j-just hodl
Just enough at its current movement to keep it in the .200-.205 range.Last night it pushed it down when btc recovered a bit
I own both coins because I've been hodling since well before the fork.
No matter who wins, I win.
I'm just saying.
BCH is a PnD and 100x more centralized than BTC.
And whoever is jumping ship to mine/buy BCH, will jump ship as soon as the next thing comes along, causing the same problems.Why are you shilling anyway?
Either you're so new you bought after the fork and missed the free BCH or you sold right after it for the instant payout, which is utterly idiotic.Essentially, you're either a complete noob or a guy who dumps an insurance plan to buy 50 hamburgers.
implying the market is rational kek
Just now
its a cohesive emyronic relitionship.btc-bch are connected.every raise and dip is opposite within minutes.total is 7900 usd between the 2.sounds about right.everytime bch goes up about 10% btc drops 1%vise versa.
"crypto" currency lmao
Miners try clear the mempool before killing BTC so people's can atleast push their money into bch before core coin cripple's to death.Screenscap this.
It's happening.
BTC is gonna die cuz of chain death and Corefags can't even do anything about it because they have pledged that >muh hard forks are evil and need to be tested for 2 yearsThey literally cannot stop the chain death without selling out their principles.
They are stuck.
They might have a huge load of bch they could dump as last weapon.
How knows.
I will just buy this dip then
Same it was so depressing I was about to go from 2 btc to 25 and then I was looking at bithumb in one of my monitors and the screen stopped flashing no new orders.
Retard me just kept sitting there watching for 5 minutes hen refreshed and got the error message.
Then right after i checked other exchanges then checked 4 Chan then back to exchanges and the dump had already begun.
Won't do anything.
BCH DAA will just retarget and keep the boot on corecoin throats.
The faster they unload the harder they screw themselves.