MMMMMM told you yesterday, the day before that and the day before that.
My threads was always empty, always fucking empty
Comfiest hodl
Bought 1189 of the fuckers.Just waiting on bank transfers and hopefully another dip.
Even if it's 2x-2.5x its current price I'll probably buy another $3-400 worth.
I believed you, desu.
In fact, I posted alongside you--brothers in arms.
The nonbelievers will never listen, but we don't mind.
I saw your threads and ignored them... FUCK
I didn't respond because I wanted to accumulate.
major doggo here, reporting in.easy 5x IMO.
maybe 10x, maybe more.
depends on adoption of the product in january, and after that how they'll handle cryptopay.if they deliver and have massive adoption they'll easily be a top10 coin.
they just tested succesfully in China, beating their ISPs/gov censorship.
I always looked at low marketcap shortterm but big gains, I posted many coins in the past before.
NULS, POWR, KMD, NEO so many other fucking coins for very short term gains in the past, always empty none ever listens.
or I usually get "shitcoin".
I only buy coins that have short term because I don't have time to be holding bags like ark or link
I just made a thread this morning and got shat on.The funny thing is that this isn't even a P&D.
This shit is going sky high once beta comes out, and then mars high when they release in January.
Simple to understand product, simple to use website and straight to business roadmap.
This shit is going to make my first half of 2018 so damn sweet, I really hope you guys have been accumulating silently
Well I was already all in POWR man
invest on low marketcap coinstrade on anything mid and above
115 k holding for past 60 days reporting in you guys know we just warming up?
115ki got 93k, jelly as fuck here.
Acually 15k only mistiped, but time to acumualte over it as it seems :(
Man in few weeks would have 3x around 50k I'm jelly on you.Shit is tarting boys, lets have fun ride shall we?
Ok wtf to fast... some big balers joining us
Thinking of selling and buying back in after the dump.
how low do you think it will go?
4506081far from over bro, anything under 50cents will net you good gains on the long term.
im holding until end of january at the very least, maybe till even later depending on how everything goes.4506146seems like a pnd, but i promised myself i wasn't trading with my SUBs, they're my retirement ticket.
>tfw anon told me to buy rdn and sub today>tfw didn't listen to himFUCK ME WHYYY.
Is it too late to buy in?
Biz never buys when a coin is low, always buying when it is high.
but i promised myself i wasn't trading with my SUBs, they're my retirement ticket.You're right, definitely one of those tokens you'll hit yourself on the arse for selling later on.
I'm glad there are some smart people left on this board.
Definitely not even thinking of selling off until January launch.
4506204Shit now im scared of pnd to...Dunno boys i collelcted this tack long time its 30% of my portfolio, logical move would be to let bags go and rebuy dip but Im kinda scared since Im in sub long term :(
I fucking love this coin.
Dec-Q1 is packed with news tooHas the potential to be the next POWR
no, but dont buy right now as this is probably a pump and dump.got 2 of my friends to buy yesterday at 13 cents, they're pretty fucking happy lolya.
join the SUB slack later, im sure people will be rich enough to make an international party to celebrate by end of Jan.think long term.
if you're already rich or are an experienced trader then have fun trading, if not just hodl.
don't lose your ticket to say goodbye to wagecucking.one can only hope
Binance is manipulating these coins based on positive news.
wait until it is on more exchanges.
Man POWR is running on fomo steam at this moment.
Its big project longterm but they are delivering 2019.Best thing about sub is normies gonna use it and make you money witouth knowing what crypto is!
What else are you guys holding on to now?
I've got some REQ and ARK, have been doing my research but cant find many other quiet coins that have promising futures like SUB.
im basically all in on SUB.
left like 70USD worth of BTC on Bittrex to practice day/swing trading.
currently put the 70USD on POWR, got in at 7459 sats.
up 36% on POWR atm kek
POWR BTS and ARK (I'm looking to see if ARK will rise on the release on its news)sold off my DCR UBQ RDN (This was a mistake to sell, I only held little bit anyways).I'm looking to reentry more of SUB RDN EOS ETHOS DCR and BTS
VERT SUB or ARK?
How much time until moons?
Because there is not many lol.Im literllly 25%eth/25%btc/30%sub/20%wtc (since 1$) kinda guy.Get this Im planing to get link when it rocks below 0.13 :)
all, I will look for entry on Vertcoin and GRS on the 12th of December, people will remember again about the ASIC resistance hype.
I'm always one step ahead.
Really not sold on WTC.
All those scam allegations are still piled up in my head, even though its cooled off seems like a decent enough time to cop.
What's the roadmap looking like for now-Q2, if you don't mind me fishing for research?
>oh wow this must be a great coin i missed>load it into blockfolio>see pic relatedWhy do i bother coming here?
my god you're an idiot...
I got SUB a few months back at 15 cents, I just held because the price kept fucking dropping fuck.
But no, SUB is not the comfiest hold, I would reserve that to BCH.
being this retardedyou deserve never making it.
i will savour your pink wojaks in january.maybe not for you.
i got sub at 4 cents average.
You bought pretty high and got losses on sub, its only natural you will come to dislike it after that.
Why not all 3?
20%, 40%, 40%
4506591I am looking at it wrong?
Is this how you retards see it?Explain yourselves
I am so shit at diversifyingAll in on SUB atm.
Got 80k of the shitPerhaps I should wait until Feb and then split it into other coins.
Hah, Im so bad at shilling and redpils bro.TLDR.
boxmining video(waiting part 2 w), every AMA and communication over social by the team, all prizes and big partnerships in november etc.
removed FUD for me.Oh and charts, its 4.5$ now it always bounces of strong support there.
It spiked over 8$ 3 times it will again.I acualy lie there is a thing -I know 1 beta tester who is estatic about state of project, but cant prove that so lets say i put my thrust in someone else to.I
because you're only looking at the charts.
go read about SUB, research the project and then come talk shit with a proper argument.TA is great for trading.
Investing?
not so much.I'm doing the same.
HODLing 'til end of Jan/early Feb, then diversifying depending on how its going.
HODLing 'til end of Jan/early Feb, then diversifying depending on how its going.Thanks for the advice bro I'll look into it some more.
Honestly the way this community communicates just gave me so much more hope about the project.
Glad about my pick.
If it goes back to sub 14 cents I'll grab some more.
Anyway looks like pnd move along, keep accumulateing see ya soon anons.
You can talk to team easy as that -over any social media try it bro, that's strong thing about this project.
go read about SUB, research the project and then come talk shit with a proper argument.Every hyped up project ends up being bullshit.This is another shitcoin on the downfall.Case closed.