What the point to hold it?
I know you have a lot
gona fuk ur shit
shill me this one.
Nah.
Do your own homework.
holding 10k long, comfy hold going into 2018
The point of holding it is to stake and get a 10% return of ODN each year.And December 4th is less than 2 weeks away!
Get ready!
10% worth of shitcoin on a year basisthe absolute state of /biz/.This is going nowhere, OP.
Already pumped and dumped.
My heaviest bags
Nah, that's your life you're thinking of :^)Don't believe in ODN project?
Sell n fuck off.
That simple
I own 800 ODN and are down 10%.
Does this count as bagholding?
I wouldn't say so, -10% is okay, but I always hold the majority of my portfolio in BTC so I'm never at an overall loss.
To all the retards that unironically think the price is never going to recover, look at the starting price history for top alts.
Almost all got dumped at the beginning.HODL and we will make some serious gains in 2018 gentlemen.
20k here and no worries whatsoever.
but I DID sell at x5.Cut your losses and learn2crypto
30k here, the only altcoin in my portfolio.That /biz/ invests a disproportionate amount of FUD into this coin makes me all the more confident in its future.
Pajeet is already being tracked down by the FBI.
Tokenlot is working with them to put him in jail
What are you talking about.
The FUD is low and literally non-existent, as well as the hype.
Which makes me sad as a bagholder.
Nobody gives a rats ass about this coin, that is the problem.
I have 20k as well and it is currently dead money.
This is even more frustrating to hold than Link.
No interest from anybody, not even pathetic FUD is the worst that can happen to any coin.
Even bad FUD is advertisement.If this sucker doesn't do at least some +50% with the rebranding, I am going to sell and not touch this shit ever again.
ISIS and other terror groups were pretty big investors in the ICO.
The ODN wallet has been found on HDsin recent raids.
It might moon but I'm steering clear for moral reasons.
Then you better stay fucking clear from water, bread and air as well.
Because bad people are also using them.>tfw not having read such a retarded argument for quite some while, even though lurking 24/7 on 4chan.
Obsidian has responsive devs, and December features both the rebrand and the actual launch of the app product.
The devs have promised submissions to major exchanges after the app launch.That's hardly comparable to Link, whose devs appear to be actively sabotaging their own project with awful PR, non-existent exchange submissions and two founders who have no interest in communicating with the investors who gave them $32 million dollars.
Yeah, that is pretty much the reason why I hold, since these are green flags for me.
I like responsiveness and communication, since this Chainlink "muh NDA can't give you 3 min updates per month" understatement shit is really tiresome.
They don't use them to conduct terror attacks.
You can contribute to radical Islam if you want, but I'm going to steer clear.
what kind of fucking logic is that you dimwit?
obviously they also use those in order to conduct terrorist attacks, otherwise they'd be dead and not conducting those.
You also better don't ever touch a gun or a hammer/screwdriver, because obviously they use it to conduct terrorist attacks.
Holding, down 70% so far.
thinking about selling though....
I'd wait until you're down 90%.
Buy high, sell low dude
Grats.
Now fuck off
i just like the project, man, privacy will be important to me once ODN makes me a millionaire
Wait until rebrand at least
dont get emotionally attached to muh revolutionary coin is what im saying.
Longterm hodl is a meme for 99% of shitcoins.
This.
I don't know what will happen to the price but between updates and actual person to person communication i'm really happy holding ODN.
Down at the moment but I have faith in the development, even if Black is crazy sometimes.
thisnothing moons hard just right out of the gatejust look at pic related - neohad a whole year of no movement, the volume was below $1k at some point, despite it being on bittrexyet if you bought back in feb, you would be up 450x your money now
Where did you get this from?
slack
This coin got wrecked with FUD over the last month.
If you didn't see that, you're blind, dumb, or retarded... my guess is all three.
Shit like that gets posted every day too.
I love watching that channel.
I hold ODN because there aren't any buyers.