WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY YOU SAID MUH DIFFICULTY ADJUSTMENT WILL MAKE EVERYTHING BACK TO NORMALNOW BITCOIN IS CRASHING AGAINI BOUGHT AT FUCKING 7KCAN I ASK FOR A REFUND FROM SATOSHI????????
I blame the boomers
the boomer bubble correction.
>BTC crashing>alts holding out>tfwHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
At what point do we start buying BTC again?
Now, every time it drops you buy.
you don't, bitcoin is kill
It's going to drop until Blockchain stops chewing through the old transactions.
Then we'll probably see rise.
10 hours, maybe?
Never.
At least not until core caves and orders an emergency block size increase.
People will soon price it in.
Mempool already dropped by 20k transactions
I blame BCH.
They forever tainted the Bitcoin name
There is no booming from this Boomer.
you still haven't sold?wtf is wrong with you?
Now ,bitcoin always comes out on top
Even despite the difficulty adjustment, the BCH mempool is not even managing to fill up a single block.
The biggest BCH block we have seen since was only 1 MB, a mere fraction of the full block.How the fuck did you expect this was going to cause a problem?
This was the obvious effect of the difficulty change and totally predictable.If someone told you this was going to drop BCH they were lying or retarded.
No, the obvious effect was going to be shitloads of confirmed BTC flooding onto exchanges and BTC price dropping to the floor.
I blame BCH.
They forever tainted the Bitcoin nameBTC tainted the Bitcoin name by making it seem like astronomical transaction fees and wait times were somehow an intrinsic part of the Bitcoin spirit.It will take time, but we will recover and everything will be much better off with BCH as king and Bitstream relegated to history.
Yeah its slow af regardless, you won't be seeing 6 confirmations any time soon.
Keep thinking it will stabilize bc it's way lower than it has been
I am starting to feel like it's over an miners have won.
Jihan got a taste of what a PoW change feels like when segwit disabled asicboost.Now he's going in for the kill with BCH, making sure that if ever PoW change happens, then there's always BCH to fall back to.I just hope the community is strong enough to resist the trust attack.
Remember, If you're a true believer, 1 btc = 1 btc.
If you don't think so then you're just in it for the money just like most of us so lighten up.
when it drops below $100, and it will
Of course it's dumping there's 150k transactions waiting to dump and buy BCH, along with that Ver is dumping 50k BTC and buying BCH with it.The flippening is only just getting started.
1 btc = 1 btcPLEASE BE REALMOST PEOPLE INVEST IN CRYPTO FOR USDNOT FOR FUCKING WORTHLESS CRYPTO TOKENS
Alright here we go.
5900 It's recovering and BTrash is falling again.. FUCKING DIEEEEEEE BTRASH AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA FUCKING DIEEEEEEEEE
when it drops below $100, and it willYep, BTC will fall hugely but it will always remain as a niche cryptocurrency.THAT SAID It's going to be a very weird time when it falls, since a lot of blocks have to be mined before the difficulty updates next.
During the crash we are going to see tx fees of 50000+ sat/b as miners will only bother mining on the basis of huge tx fees.
Once the difficulty finally gets readjusted (could take months), BTC will turn into a regular-functioning but minor cryptocurrency with a lot of butthurt behind it.A lot of the txes down at 100 sat/b level right now will probably never confirm --- and after 14 days they will be deleted from mempool.
But the crash may have already occured by then.
I invest for rupees no usd
Did everyone see that?
Btc didn't make a lower low, and bch could not do a higher high... there is hope still
4329220That would have been true years ago.
Now people just hold BTC and don`t do anything with it.
They just want it to get pumped
Poo goes in the loo
Investing in a cryptocurrency that was designed be a currency but is useless as a currency and instead turned out to be a store of wealth backed only by memes and a long term pump and dump.I laugh at meme coin investors.
The whole "1 BTC = 1 BTC" idea only makes sense if it's a useful medium of exchange.
Which it is not.1 BCH = 1 BCH.
For BTC to be a usable currency it needs to stop being volitile, no one wants to buy or sell goods with a currency that is worth a different amount of goods every day.
where are all those tx going?
are they for selling?
there's no delay for buying
Even the current volatility in BTC or BCH would be fine ... really the inconvenience of tx fee/wait times is the problemLet's say you're Joe Blow who wants to buy his drugs from Dream Market -- you go to the BCH ATM machine, buy some coin, throw it in a mixer, and order your drugs.
The drug dealer throws his coin into a mixer, drops it on an exchange and puts it into something stable.All of this can happen in a span of ~4 hours, during which time things *might* get volatile and swing 20%.
But just 20% is not bad.Now think about what happens when you have BTC-style confirmations : both buyer and seller each lose minimum ~ $100 in tx fees if they want speed.
Or they might miscalculate fees and get stuck in a multi-day blockchain fuckup like right now.
By the end of it they could be out ~40% and have big arguments over whose fault it is.
Everyone gets burned.