I was in the 21 club.
What the fuck is wrong with me?
Why do I keep betting against Bitcoin?It's just going to get worse, isn't it?
Me too, had 27, now at 3 kek
I literally had 100 BTC and 1000 ETH at one point.
My total net worth right now is 70k (from all sources) at 30 yr old.
You have it easy.
holy shit almost like me, was at 24 now 4
mfw had turned 0.6 to 1 btc then its now 0.5 because I done goof on all in link, never again
How?
Literally how?
What kind of shit moves do you have to make to lose that much?
Why was there no point where you said "alright, enough"?
Yeah you actually need to physically hodl 21 BTC to be in the club anon, otherwise every gainfully employed person in the first fucking world is in it, and yes it is going to get worse
mfw i had 249 bitcoins back in 2015, now only 0.5
Such sadness
How did you gain so much in just 11 days?
How?
Literally how?
What kind of shit moves do you have to make to lose that much?Taking profit and living.My only regret comes from not just buying and holding bitcoin.
You are not alone i had 10 BTC in 2014 and sold at 300,- now i have 1.45 ...
look at BCH over last 7 days
At this point you are best off always having a BTC hedge since people keep freaking out about bitcoin.>Muh BTC>Mug OG coinblablabla, can't fight it better join them.
It's a terrible dinosaur of a coin with slow, expensive transactions and sketchy creepers who touch it at every level, oh, and it's becoming centralized due to segwit and the lightning network.But it keeps going up and up and up.
Don't regret anon, you learned something the newcoiners have not, never fucking cash out, this could be the most valuable lesson, if it doesn't work out and our entire scam collapses beneath us well fuck it, we had a blast with this shit.
43935884393594Tell me what the fuck you guys did so I never do those things everMake it easy:Trading FrequencyA) Hodled (what did you hodl?
)B) Traded at least once a dayC) Traded at least once a weekD) Traded at least once a monthTrading into:A) Top 1-5 coinsB) Top 5-10 coinsC) Top 10-20 coinsD) Below 20 coins and laterE) Trading into memecoins shilled by /biz/ like LINK, ARK, REQ, POWR, iEXEC, etc.
I didn't cash out.
I just fucked around with alts too much.I bought ripple at 27 cents.Main reason I'm pissed about not buying and hodling is that I missed the jump from $250 to $1000 because it was a bank holiday and my cash hadn't transferred yet.
HEAD AND SHOULDERS SELL EVERYTHING AAAAAAAA
same here was at 25 and i stayed in alts.
could kms
Hey can I join the JUST club.Bought 10BTC in 2014, held until this year, sold some at 1,000USD, traded the rest and failed at it.
Now down to just under 2BTC.Want to KMS daily.
now @9-10btc
YOU had it easy, and fucked it up colossally.
well these are all good lessons
I turned 0.25BTC into 0.33BTC in four months.My secret is being a little bitch afraid of losing anything and only doing safe and not very lucrative trades.I think i should be a tenaire in five years at this rythme.
What happened?
What kind of shit moves do you have>Taking profit and livingYou might be doubling down on the shit moves if you ""''""''``''"forgot'''''''''''''` to account for taxes
I'm not the guy who had over 100BTC.I was just explaining what probably happened to him.
tenaire
well you answered it like you were
4393590Do you contemplate suicide on a daily basis?
Yes.
I'm n-not>I was j-justYou're not fooling anyone you thieving slag.
ADOPT THE POSITION
How did you lose so much?
I have put in 41k over the last 6 months.
I made a terrible move during bch and am now down to 31k.
-10,000.
It's nauseating.
Or as I sort of view it, it's tuition.
I am learning a new field, with the goal of being able to work from anywhere in the world instead of being stuck in my shitty small town.
Crypto is my ticket out.
Bought 5 BTC back in June, hodling strong for months.
Eventually, I decided to start trading altcoins and lost 1.1 BTC.
Not the worst story but still.
I was down by 70% (35k) when I started out.
Now I'm only down 30%.
Keep at it.
We'll hit break even eventually.
I don’t give a fuck it’s making me rich and if you faggots hadn’t have pumped meme alt coins so much we’d all be buying lambos with our bitcoin gains by now.
Not really, you just have to discern the gems from all the worthless shit.OMG, LINK and CFD have all been shilled to death here and I could've never dreamt about gaining so much if I had just held BTC.Just research the fundamentals yourself before falling for the shills.
You might miss a few pumps (ELIX, UFR, ...) but your overall profits are almost guaranteed to outperform both Bitcoin maximalists and Shitcoin chasers.
Here's my progression, major pumps are OMG, LINK and CFD respectively.
tfw i buy low, but never sell high
know that feel OPIm down from 7 to 5I exited all altcoins and only hodl BTC / BCH nowof course all these altcoins I sold are going up nowFUCK!!!!
Down from 20 to 4.5.I don’t even know anymore
Is there anything like blockfolio, but not an app.I want to see how rich I was in the past, but don't want to be datamined.
You just had to literally do FUCKIN NOTHING !
That is like cutting yourself.what's the point.look at the chips you havewhat can you do right now?
>.44 btc to start in august.273 nowI won’t make it.
But I’m at least in profit.
Rode the summer wave and have been sitting in btc since september.
how did you lose 42 BTC?
I actually didn't start holding Bitcoin until this month.
How did you know for these coins?
.44
Solid fundamentals + shilling factor.
Posted here before and people thought I was larping : I spend hundreds of hours researching projects before investing, and once I'm confident everything aligns I just hold instead of selling on the slightest pump/dump.
Yea just bail out.
I bailed out in 2012.Im waiting for 10k and sell all of this shit and get into real estate
RLC>memecoinThat was uncalled for, unlike most coins here it isn't shilled because it's going up, it's shilled because it's fucking incredible
tfw still holding 70k presale LINK$1 soon, right guys??
Knowing this, and what my folio looks like now should let me plan better.
could have sold my presale LINK for 50 cents
Real talk: Does it even matter?
How much BTC will bros need to get comfy for the rest of their lives in, say, 15 from now?Is 1BTC enough to scrape by?
Will 5BTC make you rich af by normie standards?
Wild, baseless speculations only, please.
btc = 500k in 5yrs
yeah...that "measly x5" is looking better by the day.
oh well, i'm sure they'll release some juicy new development one day which will take us to the moon.
let's hope btc doesn't reach $50k before that happens, because i might kill myself.
had 14.
Now 1
tell us your story
not just buying and holding bitcoinBitcoin is a deflationary asset.
The best thing you can do is hold it.
If you want to spend it, take a loan against it and spend fiat instead.
I would never sell my bitcoin if I had any.
4393594rough, sorry anons
19 to 8 here.
SELL ALL ALTS HOLD BITCOIN
I had 16 btc.. went all the way down to 5 when btc pumped and link and my other alts crashed in october.Slowly recently made it up to 9.8 almost back at 10 btc and now today im back down at fucking 6 again.HOLY FUCK i hate bitcoin at this point, it's ruining any chance of me ever making it, my hairs falling out because of this shit and I'm actually depressed as fuck i can barely wake up in the morning without wanting to slit my throat
I had 100+ now I have 40.
Coulda been a gaht dang millionaire if I wasn't a fucking retard
It's going to $10k and then $15k, so keep holding.Sell when it hits $25k, and cash in your million.
I had 16 btc.. went all the way down to 5 when btc pumped and link and my other alts crashed in october.literally me man....started with 7 BTC, went to 16, now i'm back to 6. valuable lesson: take your fucking profit and hold the fucking bitcoin.
How do you guys keep blockfolio synced with your trades?
Do you manually update it everytime you make a trade?
I traded my way from 1 BTC to 0.07 BTC kek
lol thats a head and shoulders bro ur fucked
This bitcoin rally is the most depressing thing ever.The chance to accumulate is gone.
same here.
had around 26btc down to 8 because of link.
Yup as I posted earlier I’m down from 20 BTC to 4.5.It’s very depressing.
I’ve been desperately trying to get back into shitcoins hoping for a pump but it just falls farther.Fuck it’s brutal goys.
Hold me.
Please guys.I don't even HAVE any BTC, nor can I afford any.I'm just sitting here watching people get ridiculously rich, and it hurts.I get that money makes money, but what can you do when you don't have money?
GIT A JOB NIGGA
NIGGA I'M IN COLLEGE...in Japan...and I'm married...ugh...
The worst feeling is knowing it's going to dump more but being unable to let go of your alts.
That feeling of powerlessness to your own reptile brain emotional center.
bought 90 btc over 4 years, spent it on online drug markets now I have 0.2 xd
every single one of those is your own fault
The "21 club" moniker applies only to people that hold 21 BTC in cold storage.
Yeah no SHIT.Every action we make is our fault.Real question, though.
Is it possible to trade *up* and make a profit?
I've only heard stories of people trading and losing all their shit.
it's possible if you trade shitcoins and it's not even time consuming.
But if you don't usually trade and don't have some time to learn you'll get BTFO
The /biz/ shitcoin graveyard.
Hope you retards learnt a valuable lesson.
Buying shitcoins is gambling, not investing.
They're all fucking scams.
what can you do when you don't have money?Take a loan.
Buy crypto on Coinbase with a 0% credit card you don't pay interest on for a year.I don't recommend doing this unless you know what you're doing.
The risk is bankruptcy.
How?
Everyone here made a profit save for like, one person.I do have time.
Are there any sources you could suggest to help me learn more?
I made .833 
yes
That's awful.
There must be a better way
>wasted time analyzing various altcoins>sleepless nights checking charts and choosing which altcoins to invest>ended up worse than someone who just bought btc and holdedI want to kms so hard...
Wait.
How does this happen?Do you always go all in?
What happened?
It happened the same to me.
Almost went from 1.7 btc to 3 btc but I guess I was too fucking greedy and ended up at 0.7 or something.Guess I learned.
Just buy low and sell high
You can still join the 21 NEO club.
Wait, so you're all just going to give up?
You see it rise literally 7,000% in 8 years, and all sources point to it further increasing, and you're still going to throw in the towel?I don't understand why everyone isn't dumping everything they own and buying as much BTC as they can.
>bought .6 btc when it was $1000 in 2012>deposited on cryptsy the first day>moved it to bitfinex for some reason>it didn't get removed from cryptsy so I deposited back to cryptsy which now showed 1.2 btc>did this a few times until it hit ~8 btc>move my 8btc back to cryptsy to get 16, it stopped working and my balance was back at .6.Dogecoin and aurorocoin got me ~3btc which I sold for about $3k when I was unemployed and poor.
I knew eth would rise, if I hadn't been so poor I would have bought $3k worth of eth which would now be worth like 50 lambos.
You're supposed to take like 1 Bitcoin out of that 21 and just fucking gamble with it while holding the rest you retarded fuck.
Anyone want to calculate how much the exchanges made off your overtrading through fees?
sure.
>But that one time you moved your whole stack into something and it 2x'd