Hello guys.
Do you think that it is possible to acquire profits by spending the entire day in a casino ?
YesSource: spent the day in a casino...made money
Yes, quite easily actually.
Serve people food, drinks, clean up n stuff.
OR, you can buy Chancoin and make $10k bets with ease in 2019.
Do you think the effects can be amplified by not leaving the building at all ?
Only in games that are not controlled by luck, because in those games the statistic favors the casino.And in ability games, you can't play too well, or else they will tell you to fuck off, such as counting cards in blackjack.
over the long run, no, unless you're good at poker and grind all day every day.i made a living on poker from like 2002-2006 or so, but the game was much softer back then, guys who were considered intermediate or even expert players in that time would be like amateurs nowadays if compared directly.
everything besides poker will result in losses over the long term.
in the short term though you can get super lucky, I knew a guy back in the day who turned $10k into $200k in a single day playing Baccarat, but that had nothing to do with skill, just multiple consecutive correct guesses, similar to betting red/black correctly on roulette.
If he had returned for subsequent sessions he would have likely lost it all, but he hit and run, never went back as far as I knew.
Keep it short with some luck-based ones.
I like roulette, don't have to think too hard about it.
Couple games at most, bet everything you can afford to lose.
Win or lose, that's it you walk out with it afterwards, never look back.
Baccarat is basically 50/50
It's possible
It's possible.
But you need to have around 6000$ with you.
You need to find a slot machine where you don't have to play, just press button.Go on a monday.
Then there are 2 options.
You sit on a machine, and win.
-> cash out, leave.
Wait a couple of weeks to go back.
Pick a machine and lose -> you keep playing and inserting money untill you come on a point where you have 98% return of your money.
Quit and maybe pick another machine.
Yes.
Even over the long run.
Even at roulette.
Is it worth it, probably not.
You can acquire massive profits playing roulette for 5 minutes, but also massive losses, that's the point of a casino
You really cant win long run in roulette
Yes.
Even over the long runNo dude.
I mean it's technically POSSIBLE if you have a fucking horseshoe up your ass but it would be the equivalent to always guessing correctly on every single short/long you made on bitmex with 100x leverage; I'm sure there's probably at least a single person somewhere on Earth who has turned like $1000 into $5,000,000 using bitmex 100x but it's not anything you would expect to happen and it's the equivalent of telling someone they can win over the long run in the casino.
BEST ADVICE YOU'LL GET OP...........FIRST..........DO YOUR KEGELS.
SECONDLY...........GO TO THE SLOTS FIRST AND TRY YOUR LUCK.
THE SLOTS WILL TELL YOU IF YOU HAVE LUCK OR NOT.
IF YOU JUMP FROM SLOT TO SLOT AND YOU KEEP WINNING YOU HAVE WINNER'S MOJO.
PROCEED TO THE TABLE AND BE UNAFRAID, LADY LUCK IS WITH YOU.
GOOD LUCK ANON.
DO YOUR KEGELS.
4484897Its unbeatable through any stat method, since EV is always negative on every spin.
But thats not the only way to find edge.
Think estimating speed of wheel, ball, etc.
The dealer is no robot either.
Its been done before, even without any devices with a simple heuristics to estimate the winning 1/2, 1/4 of the wheel.
Again, question was, is it possible.
Yes.
But op should be asking if its worth it.
I wrote a program to check and see in what region the ball spins.
For example it went 3 to the Left, or 4 to the Right.
To check if there is a fysical method to the wheel.Logged hundreds of spins, wasted a load of time obviously
as far as i know the only times its been done due to things like speed of wheel/ball etc.
has been on a faulty (and thus exploitable) system that ended up resulting in certain predictable and repeating mechanical behavior
No, that's how you lose.
You get in, secure your beginner's luck profits, and then get out.
The trap is that you win something, and then you feel really good about yourself, so you think "oh SURELY this can keep going" and then you lose it all.
So you are telling me a mechanical spin of the wheel somehow operates outside of the laws of motion?
Your approach was most likely flawed.
For example, by looking at spins alone you obviously need to filter out the noise (change of dealers, variations in individual spins, etc).
A kalman filter or similar would work.Refer to this for a practical approach https://arxiv.org/abs/1204.6412
Tried a casino for the first time a while ago, since I always wanted to try one out and they are not legal in my country.
Walked out with almost 300% of all I bet (played roulette).
It’s possible as long as you don’t play like a retard (as most people do), actually do some math and plan your plays, be careful with how much you are spending (always consider that you might lose) and walk away at the right time.Keep in mind though that if you have been profiting well there, the more you play, the bigger the chance of the “correction” of probability happening little by little and you start losing.
That’s why it’s not a very good long term plan, but can be amazing for some quick gains as long as you don’t keep playing too much.
Yes: be the casino.
brainlet prose right here...
If casinos lost money to people like you, they would be bankrupt and closed down.
What are you a fucking idiot?
Can someone tell me where I'm being retarded here?
If you play roulette and just play red/black or odd/even and every time you lose you just put down double the amount you just lost and bet that on the same thing (doesn't actually have to be because the last spin doesn't affect the next one and so on) but as long as you can keep doubling you'll profit right?
I realize you don't have 50/50 odds but that shouldn't matter.
Is the only problem that it wouldn't be worth the time?
Have you tried that in an online casino (test mode)?I have tried it, but you will reach a point where you would have to double your bet so often that you run out of capital.
ALL OF YOU FAGGOTS ARE YOUNG, THE WAY YOU TALK OF GAMING ROULETTE.
THE MATH HAS ALREADY BEEN WORKED OUT.........IN THE LONG RUN YOU LOSE.
DO YOUR KEGELS.
Dana White is making a shit ton and says he hasn't had a losing day in ages...
I think it might be bs and he has a promotional agreement with some casinos... or it might be legit, what do I know.
its easy to act like you're a bigshot gambler when you already have tons of excess capital.i knew lots of wealthy guys who would go to the casino for entertainment and splash around $10-20k here or there like it was no big deal, often times they'd lose it all but they'd never advertise that.
When they lost you'd either not hear anything, or they'd just lie and say they won, there's no real way to verify it either way unless you witnessed it, and they already have money so their life won't change.
Dana Whites net worth is $500M+ and like you said he probably has all kinds of promotional deals with casinos, gets the VIP treatment, comped, the whole deal.
Still it wouldn't surprise me if he was a lifetime net loser of many millions of dollars through gambling.
you cannot statistically beat the casino with any betting strategy.
you can win at the casino because there are always anomalies and outliers.
however, every fucking game in the casino, aside from poker, has a house edge that you cannot change in your favor.
it's called a 'martingale' and it statistically does not work.
people lose a lot of money trying this shit.
better is to bet on the casino, or become your own casinoone of the reasons i hold so much ethbet right now is because it's a casino playform where anyone can become a casino.
way more profitable than what OP suggests.
It’s gamble, i made $9k with $3k worth betting over $25 dollars this week, haha most likely lose all your money though