Let's see those Blockfolios.Opinions?
Strong.
Not many high-risk altcoins in there, looks like you're going mostly blue chip coins, am I right?
How come you haven't gone for any high-risk high-reward options?
Even Ark is fairly safe these days, however it's the most likely to do more than 5x over the next few months out of all of your picks.That said you'll probably see steady and consistent gains if you hodl patiently.Here's mine.
Got my first Monero today, considering flipping my entire BTC stack to Monero - thoughts?All of my portfolio I am long on.
Planning on hodling very long term, most likely a year or more
Hopped on the crypto train today, going for risky shit since it's not a lot right now.
Btc Majority portfolio is for boomers, 1/5
Plz no bully
150€ in WAX100€ in SGN
hodling very long term, most likely a year or moreKek
 linkboyHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
That's constructive.
Why do you kek at me, anon?
I want to dump my POWR soon.
I just got ASTRO I think it has potential.
The answer why I'm not going for high risk yet is because I don't know better.
I am aware that I am inexperienced and I don't understand the market, can't read the charts or know the terminology.
Many people here go all in and lose without even knowing why.
I'm trying to avoid this.
I started with Bitcoin one month ago and I'm holding alts since a week ago.If you have some resources to learn more about this, I would love to know.
I would also love to know more about those high risk options.
Any particular coins you have in mind?
I'm open for suggestions.
Where is that anon from a week ago who had $4.2M in holdings?
I have a lot of questions desu and id be glad if he posted
anyone got any tips?
I am planning on slowly investing more into the account like a retarded 401k, but I dont mind risk since I'll only be putting a small % of earnings in every week.
-18what happened?
Put 10% in riskier tokens.
I've been looking out for dividend tokens.
You already have neo and ark.
Check out astro, coss maybe.
pump and dump by that pajeet who has the palm beach newspaper, well not by him directly but by people thinking it was going to be announced
Looking for another entry to go all in, rate my delusion?
Yeah, I might put in another 2K for risky stuff after some more reading.
For now I have no clue how to value those early coins.
It's basically betting on horses and I don't want to gamble it away like that with my current level of knowledge.
Is Blockfolio the best app?
Am I deluded
Why do some screenshots look faded like this?
f.lux type thing on their phone so they can sleep comfy.
Am I gonna make it?
deluded nucoiner
Jusss gamblin thas all
Forgot pic.
Diamond hands shitcoingambler.
We're gonna make it fellow bancbro
I want at least 500 bnt, 4k link and 4k golem.
Whatcha think?
Hodling of course.
TRXAh, I see you use Binance.
That was my first airdrop :)
Linkboy reporting inThe last two months has been rough, gonna post my blockfolio from when I started in july
Flame away
Lets see what kind of shit I had
Honestly one of the better portfolios on here.
Block and NAV are underrated.
Once trading begins on Blocknet then it's top 20 easy, been holding it since June.
My thoughts exactly.
Going to accumulate more block soon
You have the right idea.
Even "blue chips" such as the ones you have are risky because it's crypto.
People like to take high risk/high reward coins into the portfolio for the chance of 10x+ profits.
Getting in on a coin "early", before it hits the mainstream crypto world, is how a lot of people on this board have made a lot of money.
Backing failed projects/overt scams has lost people a lot of money, as well.
I'm new.
thinking of dropping XEM soon
Looking for another 15-20% before pulling out and all inning another coin.
Can somebody please tell me if this is any good?ETH has been very stably growing, but I have not been very satisfied.
Should I dump some coins?
Get rid of anything?
Honestly, I've never considered XEM but now I'm intrigued because of this anon Thoughts?
Is there any hope left for NEO anymore?
XEM is a slow steady grower bro, not a moon mission so depends what you're looking for.
I'm personally not cool that I still hold these bags
I want to hedge my risk to BTC Core, should I get litecoin or BCH?
it's been stable for quite a while now, SOMETHING will happen, but we'll find out next week i guess
roast me.
I have a lot more bch but it's all stuck on (((bittrex))) since they broke my legacy account.
Verge fag here.
Meet me on the moon
After a moon mission, and also reasonably happy my portfolio seems to have found a bottom around 2800.
Although.... With all this tether shit, do I exit everything and hide in LTC?
Don't leave the ARK earlyt.
equally deluded arkie
In with you.
Thinking about moving my verge to ark But FOMO
Update so far: Cashed out 328,000 usdt on Bitfinex via my one time withdraw.
I will update everyone on if I get the cash in about a week.
The rest of the tethers are just for a slight hedge.Gained about 10btc from btg pump on bittrex, I plan on diversifying that into some high risk alts.
Mainly looking at SALT ark or doge.
kill yourself
Why would you risk that?
serious question here, have you guys been beating the bitcoin benchmark?
sure, everyones made fiat $ but have you made more in BTC than you started with?
Yes and I'm a late bloomer got in at 7k.
No deluded linkies?
Beans are love
BTC is gonna crash and XMR, ETH and LTC are going to spare, especially the first two.
Maybe even BCH but I don't like to think about thay kind of crypto world.
I'd certainly downsize and move to XMR + ETH, I really feel BTC isn't so safe rn.
But just my take on it.
Android has that by default now
Low risk, low reward but I don't blame you with that much money either.
I'd set apart 6k for moon mission prep personally (REQ probs).Dump POWR imo, words gonna get out that they have nothing until 2019 and no one will hold that long plus LINK will blow shit like this out of the water and make it obsolete.
IOTA is good as a flavor of the week pump but be careful.
STORJLol, crypto has a long history of failed storage coins.
See SEA, Golem, Gridcoin, etc..
I'd also dump XLM.
Dump mtl and XLM, imo.
Don't know what Bay is.
Nice call on Omg.
Should've already sold neo ya dip.
I don't know about sub but csno is definitely not gonna make it just judging be the name.
Link 4 lyfe
SEAMeant sia.
Also filecoin outright flopped as well.
There's no demand yet, and who knows when there will be.
4494452Now will someone pls r8 mine?
I really like getting in on the floor of sleeping giants, so here's my long term deluxe bags: >LINK, 10KShouldn't have to explain >REQ, 10KCheap as fuck with many applications and much needed real world use cases.
Plus YC.>QSP, 2.5kBought this today and kinda sketched about it, but AFAIK it's the only smart contract auditor and that's huge imo.
Don't know if it's going to take me to the bottom of the ocean or to the moon.>RCN, 2.5kReal world application RIGHT THIS SECOND.
Seems promising with lots of VC investment.
My only concern is that the actual value of the token might not be important and not appreciate in value.And I'm looking into RDN, MOD and VEC soon.
Trying to step up my quality of research and speed of entry.
The latter and much smaller half of my portfolio is just some stable swing trades and/or holds: LTC, XMR, ETH, NEO, ZEN, VTCBought NEO today, hoping for a bounce back up.
Looking at swinging ARK and OMG in the next couple weeks too.
Dumping VTC in December, ZEN after the super node news and NEO ASAP.
Lastly, I have 0.05 BTC reserved for buying dips.
Total portfolio size is only 4k, shill me /biz/.
Also, dumped GRS today and BCH awhile back.
Looking for a nice entry into the latter, I used to have a sizable position in it until the """"""flippening""""""", now it's 3pricey5me
Still waiting for ETH's BTC price to rise before I sell some and bring my BTC holdings to ~20-25%.
but have you made more in BTC than you started with?Yes, but I'm down since the summer.
My portfolio would be twice as large if I had sold my alts and held BTC until now.
Careful expanding BTC so much, imo
I really wanna drop these link bags, but I’ve already carried them so far...
Not much but I've just gotten into crypto and coinbase has it's stupid 50$ a week limit
I consider myself a visionary, some of you get it why.
I'm open to suggestions tho.
I know Zen holds an outsized position.
I bought it all at $9 before PBC.
I bet on bus's detectives being right and I got lucky.
Since I see it as pure profit, I'm not in a rush to cash it out.
Especially with secure nodes and a Bloomberg interview coming.I'd like to get some LTC at some point.
I dumped my blue chip holdings to quickly buy the Zen.Overall, though, I'm comfy.
I know it's a high-risk portfolio, but I'm okay with that.
I don't hate my job (deluded wagie).
should have dumped all NEO at 40$ unless you bought recently but i like your top 3
I'm either retarded, or going to be a multi-millionaire.
I like it, though personally I would sell OMG.
4492809just sold all my bancor today, has litterally never turned a profit for anybody despite getting the most money from an ICO, whats the saying?
with jews you ... well anyway good luck u guys don't let the history of the coin or their lack of news and developments and endorsments and staff and credibility and dev team get in the way of your dreams
Holy shit
Opinions?
Just cashed out BTC todayTotal USD investment is $1300 from Mar-Jul
Holy fuck anon.
Ark is going to succeed and keep going up in price in my opinion, but that still takes some massive balls.
4491302Waiting for MTL to go back up before I dump, it was over $10 at one point.
BitBay was a random buy at $80, XLM was free from an airdrop.
I could use some help.And yes, those are $, not Tether
I would consolidate mostly in to XMR/ETH/WTC/BCH/BTC and maybe some leftover in ARK.
There's a storm coming - grab the biggest coins you can
Hope you bought ODN on the dip but I wouldn't worry about the LINK, you're already gonna make it with the rest of the holds
working my ass off for some more fiat
Will I make it?
Ready for moon?
I've been bagholding a fuckton of shitcoins since May/June REEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
Ty Arkbro.
Checked.
you'll get there man just remember the /biz/ motto BUY HIGH AND SELL LOW!
based