
Why is is pumping though?
what is the news?
FOMO
The news is that the flippening is underway.
this
But Y though?
Flippening in full swing.
This is going to $878 before the russians pick it up.
Take a screen shot.
Going to 1.3k at the end of this run
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Legacy is a crippled shitcoin.
mb instead of 1mb thats all
WE FUCKING DID IT!!!!
This is just the beginning friends
Jihan buying them for less than he dumped for.Then going to dump them again.There is 50%+ of the mining power being mined by an "unknown" entity.>BCH IS DECENTRALIZED!
HERP DERPYou guys are just being conned
Bitcoin can't handle transactions without exorbitant fees anymore.
1MB vs 8MB with BCH.
Bitcoin will get renamed something like "Bitcoin Legacy" orn something and BCH will just become called "bitcoins"
 Because SegWit2x didn’t happen
next stop $900
Holy shit watch that sell wall get dwarfed on depth chart
Your BTC will bleed out slowly.
However, you still have a chance to grab a bag of cheap BCH.
Jihan Wu on Twitter: "No, please stop this.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin Cash.
We should not confuse it with Bitcoin."
No news.
This is the last pump and there will be a lot of bagholders because bcash won't make it pass 2017
sneaky chink to bring that up right as it moonsminister you jihan
900 fiat HERE WE COME
Fucking moonshot strap the fuck in boys.
My first week in Crypto and I go from BTC to NULS to BCH and killing it every fucking trade.
This is like printing fucking money how is this even happening.
Good things do happen I guess.
Praise the Lord.
You think Jihan wouldn't preserve BTC as best as he can knowing full well for the time being what is going on.How long will you stay blind?
This desperate FUD makes me cringe badly
PRAISE BEBLESSED BE THY FRUIT
>thinking bitcoin cash is worth shit because it's superiornigga if superiority was a factor, stuff like vertcoin would be $5000 BCC is climbing because dick for brains normies see the "bitcoin" part of the name and decide to throw money at it
keep telling that yourself
Normies don't even know how to buy BCH.
>/biz/ in one week

That will be BTC holder face
Which is a huge disadvantage for BCH
And it's still destroying it right now.The chips are down.The flippening is in process
What fud?
Even Jihan clearly separated Bitcoin from Bitcoin Cash, and he is one of the main proponents.
He literally destroyed the future of bcash, so this will be the last pump before the project is abandoned forever.
I went all in at .117 am i going to be ok?
Target is .180
another shitty pump that hasn't even come close to passing the previous one yet people are calling flippeningand no, nobody cares about USD, retards, its value in BTC is the only thing that matters
Yes, we are creating support at the 800$ range then we go straight to 1000
pics or didn't happen
BCH has 7-9% of BTC market cap and the Bitcoin blockchain has grown +12 GB more and BCH has 8% of BTC's difficulty.Tell me the mental gymnastics I need to perform to reach your conclusion please
Got inDon't fail me
and no, nobody cares about USD, retards, its value in BTC is the only thing that mattersAnon...
m-muh transfer speed>for a deflationary coin nobody wants to(or even can) spendNot like any retards are going to accept either coin in day to day transactions when it's still standard to wait for multiple confirmations.Not sure if it's a better or worse shilling slogan than the old "difficulty adjustment" bullshit they were spewing last time.
you want pics of my measly 4bch all in buy?why?
For one, as a mental exercise walk through the flippening rumours.
What IF they're true?You aren't looking at it as a possibility.Be honest with yourself, again, if only for a thought exercise.It would drive up the market cap, and drive btc's down.So that is addressed.The block difficulty is also going to be adjusted.I feel like you're just saying what you want to be true.
astounding how the legions of BCH shills are already starting to invade this board.
best sign to stay away now or become bagholder foreverbuy now into the pump = get rekt
block difficultyThere it is!
Remember what happened last time, retard?
Everyone tried to mine BCH at once, difficulty shot up just as fast as it went down, and they ditched it when it became unprofitable.
Bitcoin users didn't dump like you kept saying they would because everyone can see this coming a mile away.And it was .2 last pump.
You're a little over halfway there!
needs to break ATH to make gainsEnjoy missing out, you already have.
Possibility 1: Flippening fails, most mining power doesn't support it.
Best thing to do is to get safe to ETH.Possibility 2: Flippening succeeds.
Miners leave BTC blockchain in 7 hours when the difficulty adjustment has hit, resulting in transactions taking hours on the BTC blockchain and massive flight from BTC.
Best option is to buy BCH.So basically you have 2 options.
Bet on BCH or convert your BTC to ETH and ride it out.
Or you could trade the BCH hype train and later buy ETH for the next meme flippening
That's my plan too for after flippening.
When BCH prices have reached a roof and is clearly stagnating after flippening, ETH will be the next to rise.
same :)never felt higher
Really, everyone here thinks BCH is going to overtake BTC?
Become 7k, 10k+ a coin?When exactly does it reach these heights?
Q1 2018?
People in here act like its happening this week
tonight BTC Will be stuck and BCH will get a push people will fomo with BTC that will take hours to arrive you will see , you going to witness history
This.
It is costing him millions to pump his shitcoin for a couple of weeks every few months to keep it relevant.
After the next bcash dump following it's fork it will stay down for good.The market doesn't want bitcoin to be PayPal which is how bcash marketed itself opposed to the real bitcoin.
The market also doesn't want a highly centralised shitcoin controlled by the Chinese communist party.The market has resoundingly rejected the idea that bitcoin must be currency twice in four months.Jihan knows it's over but he will rope in a few retards one last time before abandoning bcash for good.
Nobody cares who mines, as long as nobody with 51% takes advantages of his position to change the history of the transactions, which would be easy to spot and be very malicious for the cheater.You need to read Satoshi's posts.
Miners are always more incentivised to be honest than to cheat.It is decentralised because anybody can set up a farm to mine the blockchain.BCH will win in the end.
BCH will win in the end.Lol.And no, Bitcoin mining was designed to be adversarial in nature.
Mining pools ended up joining together, and BTC mining became more centralezed.
BCH mining is 100% centralized and has a single point of failure.
The miners can also change whatever software they are running at the time.
Decentralization and immutability are two of the most important characteristics for Bitcoin, neither of which Bitcoin cash has.
being this deludedstay poor nigger you can suck my dick for 1000 satoshis cash in 2018
BCH pump will suck out alts this weekend, time to buy is now or get left behind bagholding
 hours until the difficulty adjustment on BTC.
After that, if the miners leave BTC for BCH, BTC will never recover.
It will take many hours to do one transaction and the flippening will be completely cemented.
You obviously know very little about this topic.Satoshi predicted that the mining power would concentrate, but if they start to cheat their mining power is worth 0 since the currency would crash overnight.
Everything is public, so it would be quickly public knowledge that they are going back in time and mining malicious blocks.So I repeat, you don't need a strong decentralisation of the mining power, you need the ability for anyone to set up a farm and mine the blockchain.He said "The incentive may help encourage nodes to stay honest.
If a greedy attacker is able to assemble more CPU proof-of-worker than all the honest nodes, he would have to choose between using it to defraud people by stealing back his payments, or using it to generate new coins.
He ought to find it more profitable to play by the rules, such rules that favour him with more new coins than everyone else combined, than to undermine the system and the validity of his own wealth.
"Read http://satoshi.nakamotoinstitute.org/quotes/mining/
$1000 by Monday.
Lol and I've been here for months getting JUSTed every turn.
Indicative of my life.
This shit is going to drop hard as fuck manShit is way overbought and is going to fucking drop like Kanye dropped The Life Of Pablo on da black folksYOU LISTEN BITCHES
it sure never happened before, oh wait
If miners go away, the difficulty will dramatically drop and everybody who still mines will proportionally make more money.
That is how it works to make it fail-proof.
Everything else said is just deceptive misinformation to shill BCH.
Nobody will miss out the possibility to make suddenly much more money by switching to some other less profitable coin.
Even if they are getting fucking paid to switch, some other miners will just emerge due to the lowered difficulty.I mean, it would even make it profitable again for normies to mine BTC at some point.
gtfo nigger
New high
This shit will get to 1000$ todayim pretty sure of this
Am I witnessing history happen in front of my fucking eyes?
Not really.
Pump and dumps happen all the time.
this look like a normal pump to u?
Yeah man join our telegram.
Fucken retard
Sure does
Yes you do don't listen to Blockstream noobs they failed to rescue traditional banking.
Bitcoin will win
Except there is no emergency switch to reduce the difficulty and it would take an eternity for the blockchain to reach readjustment if a substantial amount of hashing power leaves.The old elephant would be on his ass.
It's being used right now in Japan as we speak.Imagine when LN is activated and we have really instant and almost fee-less transactionshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0Y2nzyc2pEI did those exercises in the past, when the fork happened.
Then I realized I was being retarded and sold at 0.4 BTC.The chances for it to happen now are slim
Nobody cares who mines, as long as nobody with 51% takes advantages of his position to change the history of the transactionsSo a very trustless system, just as it was designed!
thisIf they leave too quickly (within a 2016 block period) then BTC is dead in the water
Wait till they find out if the btc network stops from congestion you can loose your bitcoinWhen the chain dies
Dude, are you new, or just deceitful?This has literally happened like 10 times already
It's not that you can't understand, it's that you don't want to understand.Nevermind.Personally, I prefer BCH because I don't understand SegWit and how it is an improvement.
A team of fags taking over the code, changing it on their own and censoring any criticism isn't worth anything.Stick to your core, I'll go with cash.
So far cash made me gain a lot, since I've been long for a while.
no, this is the first time btc has died i believe
Look at the charts, 1k easy by Monday xD
sure, you can ride the waves, I also made a lot of money from BCH when it came out (by dumping it basically at ATH since then)
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA>LIGHTNING NETWORK (where roadmap?
)>INSTANT WITH ALMOST FREE FEESYou should maybe try out Bitcoin anon, it's was upgraded with those specs in August
its only pumping because of korea (china)
https://bitcoinclassic.com/news/closing.htmlWake up!
Bitcoin Legacy is being replaced
Can someone explain what is Bitcoin Classic, Bitcoin Unlimited and all that shit with Segwit2x and Bitcoin Cash?
Who does what and Why is the drama?
Fucking manipulators and mainstreams always make good things bad.
Bitcoin classic is a group who tried to make an altcoin and when nobody wanted it bought bags of bch and shilled the hell out of it saying it would over take btc
BCH is going to overtake BTC?
Become 7k, 10k+ a coin?Well, now that you mention it, people have been saying btc is due to correct to like 3 or 5k or so, as the ginormous moon means there isn't really a support line, which would make a flippening a lot more feasible.
But hey, I went all in on bcc at .12 last time and finally sold at .05 last month right before it took off again with the fork drama, so I absolutely deserve to be eating shit.
I'm staying away from BCC only because I ate shit on it before after holding through a 5 month bleedout expecting it to moon again, and thought it would become irrelevant with repeated forking
its value in BTC is the only thing that matters
Dammit got shool out at $760 last night
Network update in a few days and majority of miners having had enough of core lies is not enough news?
Parity in 2018
bch flippening retards are even more delusional than the eth faggots months back
shiiiet guys.
i didn't know i could pull out free money from my old BTC balance and get some BCH.Been gone from crypto for awhile.
Free fucking money wow
taking a picture of your monitorWhy the fuck do people do this?
BTC difficulty would make it unusable for weeks, maybe months, they would need an emergency hardfork to change the algorithm, now maybe Core would react maybe they wouldn't.LN is vapourware.
Not this bch trading on coinbase Jan 1 The flipping is now bitches
This is a second chance at buying bitcoin when it was priced at the beginning of the year don't fuck it up this timeThis is your second chance bitcoin cash is bitcoin
You're full of shit
This is 3 billion you stupid fuck
4284803well luckily i should already have 13 bch on coinbase, compared to the 7 btc I have leftso im good either way
"The real bitcoin" marketed itself as internet cash.
People adopted the internet gold mentality as a coping mechanism for the increased fees and tiny block congestion.If bitcoin had always had giant fees and tiny blocks relative to network activity, it would have never taken off.
It's standing on eroding foundations, foundations which are strong and sturdy in BCH
With CME futures Bitcoin will be heavily manipulated.
Have fun with Bitcoin dumb CME.
Here comes BCH
>mfw bought at.05Theres a lot of nervous core cuck shills in here.
Its making my dick tingle
it's just Koreathey will sell it back tomorrow
This 100%.
The whole "digital gold" angle is maximum damage control.
Bitcoin's uselessness as a currency is actually being marketed as an advantage.
Can't make this shit up.