If you think about it, insurance is really just gambling.But we all know that the house always wins, otherwise there wouldn't be a house.The house writes the rules, so how can you expect to outsmart the legal teams of the multi million and billion dollar corporations of State Farm, Allstate, Liberty Mutual, Progressive, Nationwide, Farmers, etc?The only way insurance could possible work in your favor is if you have some sort of edge that they don't know about.Insurance doesn't even give you peace of mind, since they don't always cover your claims.So you might pay into the system for years, then get fucked on a technicality their team of lawyers find when it's time for them them pay out.But surely all these financial experts aren't idiots, it's more likely that I'm missing something right?
Its not about outsmarting, its about mitigating risk.If you get ALS for example, and you can no longer work youre FUCKED.
You cant pay your bills, you cant pay your mortgage, you cant feed yourself or your family.So people get Disability insurance to prevent their life from ending after a crippling diagnosis.Its not a game, its insurance.
Its meant to prevent worse case scenarios from ruining you/your loved ones life.
Insurance companies have large sums of money they can put into investment vehicles, therefore its not a scam
theres no such thing as FUCKED in most countries.
you will be cared for.with insurance, you are statistically guaranteed to lose money compared to those without insurance.
thats not mitigating risk
Right, so if your family has a history of ALS that the insurance company doesn't take into account you have an edge against them that can tilt it i your favor, but if you don't statistically you're just hurting yourself.And wile you might be covered for ALS, what about that one disease you didn't get covered for, but got anyway?
What now?
All your money went into their pockets and now you can't even get treatment.Just like Vegas uses the promise of a big win to motivate you, insurance companies use fear to motivate you
It is a scam.
Haven't been to a hospital in 15 years, probably saved well over $200k on insurance premiums alone.
Even if I suddenly get into a car crash and need to pay $20k for an ER visit I'm still coming out way ahead.
life insurance is a ponzi
>>what is obamacare>>what is the individual mandate>>what are IRS and FBI agents in the future arresting people for not paying obamacare taxes
4431066You are both clearly retarded
insurance as an idea is pretty good.
conceptually its just pooling resources to spend in an emergency.
insurance companies are too big though, they cant take into account your demographic and try to make money off you so theyre just scammers
AKA we need non-profit insurance organisations.
But Uncle Sam won't let that happen lol.
No, as long as you have choice.
If you're in the US, good for you.
We EUrocucks have "free insurance", so we have to pay up whether we like it or not.