Join our collaborated pump Channel on telegram where we discuss what coin we will pump next.
We have $500,000 to pump with.
I am giving away the Palm Beach confidential on November 16th.
We are also leaking information from other groups that are paid sources because fuck them.
t.me/pumpnotifiergroupI'll see you there
It's actually a very nice idea you have there paying for sources and then leaking them to the group I like your style so I just joined
PnD by rashid the adminGet that ass saged
Dude just fucking learn how to use a toliet you subhuman monkey currynigger.
Pump groups are like tampons.Every pussy needs one.
Thank you for creating this it is good to know that there are people out there that have a lot more money than I do and will leak information
Yes I also appreciate this thank you very much it will be good to get the Palm Beach confidential newsletter before it comes out
The people in here that are talking shit are part of other sources that do not want you to get rich they want to talk shit they want to make it seem like we are not the real deal but we are the real deal.
They are part of other groups and they want to see a downfall of us but that won't happen because we are taking over.
And for the people who are talking shit that are in fact part of other groups you can in fact get murdered so I would watch your fucking back
Fucking pajeets and their short sight.
Running this kind of group for real would yield far better profits over the long term, but guaranteed these faggots will try to blow their load on a one off scam and probably still fuck it up with their pajeet brains.
I'd really love to help the non pajeets of /biz segregate ourselves somewhere we can work together against them, if anyone has some way to confirm people are not indian lets get this shit going.
It's true last month I made $97,000 with this group.
all they are doing is looking for smart Minds to join them there's no money they just want to see us doing well
Pajeet: The Thread
We are not pajeets or young.
I came here to harvest talent because I see the opportunity to get wealthy with each other here to congregate somewhere and do a real pump we are currently doing the okcash pump and you will have to login to the group to see what we are starting to pump on November 12thI understand no one like spam and all this bullshit but do you like money?
So shut the fuk up enjoying the group and get wealthy with us.
I don't give a shit about money, I want to help good people fuck over the deplorable pajeet
I want to see the whole world including cointelegraph get fucked over I am going to help these young people make a lot of money do you understand me I am going to help these young people that are losing money make a lot of money you're lucky you're an honest and hide behind a screen
I actually made 60 Grand in the last 3 weeks from the information
You want to trick retarded people so you can buy a fucking leopard print seat for your piece of shit motorcycle.
You're a fucking disgrace.
We already have a few multi-millionaires in the group as well as yesterday someone made $180,000
I think it would be good for you all to join it would definitely be a place where we can gather to make our own pump so if you have over 50,000 let's definitely pump something big here we did the rep pump on September 13th okcash yesterday from $0.28 to $0.32 it went on to 36 cents and it's not stopping for 2 weeks.Other groups pick up on our pumps
You really shouldn't be talking shit behind a screen because you have no idea who you're talking with.
You couldn't fact join the group and Trust in us since it's a group and not a channel do you even understand what that means it means we can all talk in the group to select the coin we are going to pump next to you realize that or are you too fucking stupid do you need your head examined because I will smack the shit out of you
I'm in there now there's actually some good information in there
Fuck yourself shit cunt.
There are IDs on this board if you didn't know
Good info
42936594293770get the fuck off this board and KYS ASAP you fucking pathetic scum
Of course they'll leak PBC to /biz/ for free.
The whole point of PBC is to get leaked.
In the 10 seconds between when subscribers get it and when it gets posted to pajeet pump discord #293848, all the members have made their positions and are licking their lips waiting for the retards to pile on.
get wealthy with each othertop lel.
Active trading is a zero-sum game you subcretin.
Someone gets wealthy, someone goes poor.
Just fess up and be honest.
I don't even hate pumpers or scammers or wallet hackers or whomever.
I just wish they'd be honest about the game they're playing.
It's fucking monopoly, and there are no runner-up ribbons.
PUMP ETC - let me get 20+ tonight I'll sell into BCH at 850 and ride it back up to 1000 again, and reinvest into ETH and ARK later
PKB - will be $5 this time next week, thank me later
Join us
People who arent us will lose bro we will gain so join and lets make money.
Money makes no enemies lets be friends.
tell them to Stop pumping and dumping BCH do it with PKB so all of us can get Rich - I've got 70 LTC Tied up because Coinbase is being a bitch with my account
I appreciate everyone here
Listen haters whether you like it or not we are taking over your groups and we are going to run your pumps from now on you'll be taking direction from us in the future if you don't like it tough shit eat a bag of dicks we don't give a fuk we are here to stay we've been in this since 1994 we are not going anywhere we are part of the old l0pht crew you won't be fucking with us either because we will fuck you up.
We are here recruiting new Talent we want the best of the best we want people that want to make money join us
We are all the founders
Hey bud if you want to call it a zero-sum game and be alone in life that's fine too but just remember you're going to be alone in life.
Sort of boring don't you think?
I agree I did join in it went smoothly so far so good lots of good info in there
The way this works is that I have $100,000 for anyone pump we are using this group as the pre pump back end.
I will make news go viral and then we will use the pre pump group to pump the coin which we will then profit from 30% this has been done on two occasions already 3 if you're really countinI threw in that I would include signals from Palm Beach confidential and other places just for fun I'll really give that info away in the group but we should definitely be profiting about $50,000 each from this every single week I just won't accept anything lower I will move on
*gives them money*>"Fuck them"
Not a lot of pump groups can maintain the level of unique traffic that I do.
I am not going to spend 2.5 million dollars myself to pump something though so we will all share in that debt and come out 30% more valuable.Four pumps that are already happening we will pre pump the pumps.
For new pumps I will create the pumps other groups Will Follow My Lead because they have no other choice
Talking about?
Explain yourself.
Don't have time to explain yourself?
Troll yourself to sleep you're getting left behind and you have every reason to be scared
Join Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketOut Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%
Don't be a fuckboy if you're not in youre out
If you were capable of formulating proper sentences and using puncutation I'd be more inclined to believe you're a crypto mastermind.
Unfortunately, you're a moron so...
I won't be joining your high school kid PnD group....
You don't really like this business to you?
PKB Buy now it's the Next LTCIt's going to announce something HUGE with Uber and PayPal soon for Rideshare / Parking App
If you want to be alone your whole life that's fine but it's very lonely being alone when you're alone.
I got news for you the world is built on people helping people you're not going to get anywhere doing this alone.
You might get some money but you're going to lose your money to and since you're alone you might just kill yourself if that happens.
So why not not kill yourself enjoying the money making group that will make you a lot of money.
You don't have to talk to me in the group just make money with me
Okay I have noted my complete lack of regard for grammar.
I will start writing better.
Like I said in the group you guys need to stick together there are gangs of three to five people that shill to you on here.
I have access to a private botnet I know how it is.
I'm not here to lose money with you all or lose your money.
I'm here to make money with all of you.
if you want to say get fucked go away excetera excetera that's fine but what do you want to message board anyways talking to people for?
You should be alone in your lonely life.