My gf has stolen money from me and I don't know what to do about it.
I had a little more than 90€ including some 1€ coins in my wallet yesterday night, she slept here.
She left today morning to her parents just like every other friday and she took about 30€ I believe, as I only have 60€ now and none of the 1€ coins.
I found out a few hours ago, I told her through whatsapp and at first she denied it but of course after some pressure she kind of admitted it, only she says she took 20€.She smokes weed/hash and she only works 1 day a week so she obviously can't afford anything else besides weed/hash and tobacco.
That's the excuse she came with, she said she took 20€ to buy hash tomorrow because she isn't getting paid until sunday.I sometimes felt like I was missing money in my wallet, but I was never sure about it.
So well....
I think it isnt the first time she has done that.I want her to stop smoking but she is stubborn.
Should I make her choose between weed or me?What do I do?
I don't want to dump her, she is the future mother of my kids, but I can't just pretend that didnt happen, I am mad.Pls help.
dude dump that bitch.
your girl shouldnt steal from you
Lock up/hide your moneyShe'll steal it again until you make it impossible.
The worst thing to do right now is let her off without consequences.
That tells her it's ok and next time it'll be $40
if u dont have her kids, why dont u just dump the whore?
U really wont a relationship with someone who steals behind ur back, i wonder what else she does behind ur back.
are u dat desperate anon?
/biz/ - Business & Finance
4415062But she has only done that because of her smoking addiction.Other than that she really is perfect for me.I can't dump her...
I don't want to dump her, she is the future mother of my kids>Potsmoking loser who steals from youDude you need to get your priorities straight
dafuq u askin for advice then u cuckboi!
u will regret this decision.
screencap dis
Yeah I will take care about that, she won't be able to steal from me again and I will probably not trust her for a long time.
How do I make her stop smoking guys?
that's her issue.
I dont know bro I just want her to stop smoking and to get a fucking job, but she is so emotional and addicted to weed I don't know how to make that happen.
I'm frustrated.
You can't - either join her, or walk.
Dump her already you cuck , she clearly has no respect for you.
Once a thief, always a thief.
dating an addict>everdude you're so fucking delusional its hilarious
You didn't take care of her, that's why she stole.
You don't deserve a gf.
U are weak, so she will take more in the future.If a bitch stole from me she is done.
my ex stole from me a few times.
now shes my ex.fuck that bitch.
almost worse than a stinky linki
She steals from you.
She doesn't respect you ebough to even ask.
She is using you and doesn't care.
You clearly have stronger feelings for her than she does for you.
Dump her now or drag it out for months, but the relationship will end eventually and probably painfully for both of you.
Then why not give her all your money because you already know that's where it's going.
Or better yet, burn it.
Someone has to drop the hammer.
It will either be you, the next guy, or the cops when she steals from someone else.
I don't want to dump her, she is the future mother of my kidsbe a man and dump her.dont give your kids a shitty mother, that's cruel.
Dont make her stop smoking.
It's her decision.
If you cant live with it, dump her.
She would dump you too, if some of your habits bother her.also, dump her anyways.
Only trash people risk a partnership over 30 fucking euros.
If she would trust you/your relationship, she would have asked you to borrow it to her.
D E L U D E DTHESE LINKIES ARE SO FICKING DELUDED THEY EVEN LET THEIR GIRLFRIEND STEAL FROM THEMGETTING REKT BY SERGEY AND THEIR GF
Smoking what?
Weed or tobacco?
You can't really make her do anything without manipulation and she'll still probably smoke behind your back.
The weed can be taken care of if she had a job or something that required her to be sober all day and/or take drug tests.
Good luck trying to get her to quit tobacco though.
The motivation needs to come from inside.
pathetic beta fuck, you make me fucking sick
You let a woman near your money.You're with a woman who smokes.You claim some potsmoking woman is going to be the mother of your children.You think giving her an ultimatum is going to result in anything but her having someone else's dick in her mouth before the week is out.You might be stupid.
cuck
He's not stupid, he's a beta who is drunk on hormones A stupid person would just believe she didn't steal it.
OP thinks he is making a smart move after finding a problem and attempting to solve it; he thinks he can make a diamond out of coal
You only got one life, please do the right thing and leave her.
Otherwise you probably end up as another MGTOW-advertisement in 10 years.
A man shouldn't depend upon another person anyway
he thinks he can make a diamond out of coalSo he's stupid.You can't do anything with women.
They do what they and the police and government back their trash up.
If you do anything about you go to jail.
She only smokes weed/hash but of course needs tobacco to mix it with hash, but she never smokes tobacco alone.he thinks he can make a diamond out of coalMaybe you're right... but I really need to try, if I end up failing... at least I will have tried.I understand you guys tell me to dump her but listen, we've been together for more than 2 years already and jesus I can't imagine breaking up to be honest.I want her to beg for forgiveness and stop smoking, then she will change for the better, or everything will go to hell.
I AGREE WITH YOU
Nigga when you said some 1€ coins i thought she stole crypto from you, was confused as fuck
to mix it with hashThis makes it worse.
She'll feel addicted to hash.
you think giving her an ultimatum is going to result in anything but her having someone else's dick in her mouth before the week is out.Then I will dump her, and she is too emotional she would never cheat on me, I can tell.
She once got a message from her exbf hitting on her, he simply wanted to have sex with her.
She refused and showed me the conversation afterwards.
I trust her on that matter.
That 30 would be worth allot in 2021 if you bought link with it.
This comes from experience when I say this: If you try to mold your girlfriends identity, in this case smoking, she will start to feel increasingly vapid as time goes on.
What ultimately happens is she might fall out of love and start fucking chads and smoking with them while coming to you for your money.
I used to be a cuck so I know.
Learn from others here who have been there done that.
I don't know what to do about it.
Dump her.
If she's willing to do that then there's probably other shit she's doing that you haven't found out any.
She's scum.
>thinking with your dickNot even once
You mean > /biz/ - Crypto and FUD
This is finance because his portofolio suffers due to gf stealing!!!!
You should leave her now for stealing from you what the fuck is the matter with you?
If she's stealing money from you and lying about it, she is absolutely fucking other guys as well.
Realize that and move the fuck on.
STOP BEING IN DENIAL ABOUT IT.
Should I make her choose between weed or me
Make her clean the house
Stealing money for fucking weed????
She sure has her priorities straight in life.
Why the fuck would you be with someone that fucking steals from you.
That id tho
Its not the first time, its just the first time you caught her.
If the sex is good who gives af.
We all pay for sex one way or another.
We all pay for sex one way or another.repeating this fucking memeShut the fuck up.
This dude is thinking with his dick, and his children will hate him because they have a piece of shit pot-smoking mother and a beta who's likely a cuckold.
want her to stop smokingyou retard didnt even realize the problemhint: its not the weedmy girl and me smoking too but we never stole from each other despite me having a lot more money than herif she needs money she will ask and i will decide but she got too much respect to do that shittl;dr iur bitch doesnt respect youhow can you fix it?
manhandle her a bit show her if she wrongs you she will regret it
tits or gtfo
Break up.
She shouldn't be stealing from you.
Weed is not addictive like most drugs.
You may think you need it but not taking it has zero negative effectsl
She fucks her dealer(s)
this
Holy shit you are a real cuck
Her dealer is an ugly ass gypsy, so I doubt it.
Nah, she’s stealing money because she’s not.
She is certainly fucking other guys.
Seriously that’s not even an attempt on you OP.
If she steals from you like this and denies it when she got caught red handed, she’s absolutely fucking around behind you.Don’t wait until you catch her doing that.
But you’re a desperate duck clearly with no spine.
At the very least give her the cold shoulder and see how she reacts, if she doesn’t try to suck up to you because she feels bad about getting caught (they never feel bad about doing it just getiing caught doing it) then that’s because she’s sucking on someone else 100%.
I mean it’s obvious she would fuck behind your back 100% but you’re in denial right now.Good luck, when you realize the truth I don’t think you’ll be man enough to deal with it.
europoor
justifying her cucking you this hardDude, leave her.
Do you want your children to have a beta cuckold as a father, and a pot-smoking robber as a mother?
Do you think that she will set a good example for your children?I will say this once again, and no moreYOU ARE THINKING WITH YOUR DICK
RED Flag.
Ditch that bitch.
You will never be able to trust her again.
If she steals for drugs, what else might she maybe do as well - especially at the source?
She fucks him, 100%.If you don't leave her asap you deserve every little bit of suffering she will cause you over the course of your life.
I just pity the children.
Still to add to this discussion.
You are fucking douchebag if you make children with a girl like her.
You should also think about the future of your children
Your getting cucked and she’s getting roasted.
Cut your loses and get rich and stop being poor haha
Nice, just bought 100.000k
Wait till she does an exit scam and cleans out the dude's bank account.
Op should consider shorting his GF
addicted to hashGot news for you, that brown brown she smokes isn't hash nigger
Future unironic my wife's son poster right here.Ah hell, you'll probably believe the baby is yours due to a half black great great great grandmother she said she has.
dude, just confront her about it.
don't be too harsh about it just make it clear you don't want her smoking weed.
Just a matter of time before she starts blowing/fucking the dealer if she hasn't alreadyProbably took that money for the morning after pill
hide your money idiot and wait to see how she acts and becareful she might only be dating you for a bit extra cash
But she has only done that because of her smoking addiction.>Other than that she really is perfect for me.... and some other kinks... right?even if she stops smoking she will continue to steal since you are an easy source of money.unless you kick her ass and slap the the shit out of her once in a while(or otherwise punish), you won't change that behavior.
Make her reimburse you for the money she takes in kinky sexual favors
only good answer so far
you are an easy source of money.I am poor anon.And she said she will give me the money back on sunday when we see each other again.I dont know guys, I understand why you tell me I should dump her but...
I wont do that, I surely will punish her somehow though.
Cuck faggot
Bro, date someone that motivates you and isn't loose weight that you have to carry.
In what way does she make you want to improve your life and motivate you?
If nothing, you are just stuck in the comfort zone and afraid to leave her, been there before OP
If you would have done that to her, how would she have reacted?
Anyway, have a spine and don't date someone who is holding you back
Dump her you dickhead.
Smoking is a choice.
Addiction is for the weak.
I couldn't afford to smoke for years, I resorted to smoking from ashtrays and nubs from the floor.
I chose to do that, I could have stopped.
I never stole to get tobacco despite having many opportunities.
Dump her...
It is to late to give her an ultimatum now.
She has already disrespected you and you will NEVER last long-term guaranteed.
The only way you last is if you dump her for it and she comes begging back to you saying sorry.
Hopefully she won't because that is pathetic too.
Go find a better GF and be glad you didn't get this one pregnant because you would have been dumped within the year and paying child support for the next 17.
Are u kidding.First get the money back plus interest.
Rip her ass off somehow.
Dump her you cuck.
She shouldn't even be speaking to her ex if they want to fuck her.
You will end up paying for her kid (yes her kid because you won't get access except for every second weekend) for the next 18 years if you don't.
She is a taker, not a giver!
She will take anything she wants off you.
Dump her!
Find yourself a proper woman.
That's not your money.
Your finances are shared she is entitled to 50% of everything you have.
You owe her 35 euros pay up.
You are justifying her actions.
She stole your money..but muh poor girl dindu nuffin...shes a perfect match...kekekekekWhat a cuck.
You are finished.
Protip : she is not with parents
kek./thread
Op, just dump her or people will make a tv show about you called "The adventures of Cuck Finn"
this means if she can't get cash from you she's going to start sucking some drug dealers D for some of those XMR coins.
You don't want to be with this woman.>She doesn't respect you and is using you, in which case she will likely cheat on you.>She's irresponsible; doing drugs is one thing but when you can't sustain your habit on your own that show's complete lack of self control and responsibility.
meaning she would make a terrible mother in the future.> She's not above stealing which means she lacks morals, what do you think is stopping her from sucking dick for weed?Sure maybe she's a cutie and blinks her cute little eyes at you to make you stay and forgive her.
Maybe she acts loving and affectionate or whatever.
I've been there dude, but if you respect yourself you will not put up with this.
Don't try to fix her either, she's beyond repair at this point, cut your losses and find a decent girl to have white babies with.
If she's stealing for drugs you need to dump 100%
You just went all in on a Pump & Dump.
She doesn't respect you and is using you, in which case she will likely cheat on you.100%
Only advice I can give you is buy chainlink.
You'll be rich in less than two years and your gf can steal much more money from you.
Win win.
buy my heavy bags please
hmm>European >Stoner degenerate >Concerned about a small amount of cashGo back to Facebook or /soc/
You a big dupey
My wife was also perfect for me.
Then she came home from a holiday and wanted to divorce me and move into another country.
Leaving me with a 2 year old child and a dog.
Many women, like many men, are not honorable.
When the trust is broken, it can't be fixed.
she is the future mother of my kidstop bait lel
HOLY SHIT DUMP THAT FUCKING BITCH.WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH LOW-TESTOSTERONE BETA MALES?SHE'S.
USING.
YOU.SHE.
DOESN'T.
CARE.
ABOUT.
YOU.YOU.
ARE.
LESS.
IMPORTANT.
TO.
HER.
THAN.
HER.
DRUG.
ADDICTION.FIX YOUR FUCKING LIFE.
Time for you to learn a hard lesson OP.
The weed and the stealing is not the issue.
She has no respect for you and has no integrity either.
Meaning she can (and will) cross other lines at some point.
B E T AE===TT===EA T E B
Lol she’s probably fucking her dealers man.
If you don’t smoke and she does and you’re not buying her shit...how else you think she’s getting it you fucking cuck?
Shes not your girl friend.
Shes a rather inexpensive prostitute.
Keep fucking her, just wrap it up.
Most of the autists on this board would kill for what you have.
she is too emotional she would never cheat on me, I can tell.
You had me up until here.
Tried too hard.
You can't fix an addict OP.
Unless you guys are about 17, in which case you should fuck off from boards where grown ups discuss their internet meme money.
an addict that steals money from you is the future mother of your kids?
Fucking degenerate cuck, off yourself.
Don't think with your emotions, women do thatReal men think with their brain so fucking dump her you soy boy
Enjoy the future misfortunes she will rain upon you, cuckboy.
Just remember that anon tried to warn you and you were too stupid to listen.
Poopy shit biznezman, get on my aryan waifu level srs you can't.
Sad
44150304415030HAHAHAHAthe fuck is wrong with people.
If she is your misses fucking shout her like her mouth was yours.holy fuck what the fuck is life
Women are a bad investment; /thread.
Go back to /r9k/ or /pol/.
she is the future mother of my kidsThis worthless cunt is the future mother of your kids.
Well sure if you want to completely fucking destroy your life go for it.
future mother of my kidsLet me me welcome you to >The Future Child Support Sucks Club.I'm a 2 time retired member.
Who cares its only 30euro you poorfagMaybe if you werent such a tight ass jewish fuck she would be able to ask you
Feels so bad in retrosprect.
yes yes good goy
Bro I know thats how you feel, but you need to dump her now If she comes back then you have the leverage in the future, if not then she doesnt really care about you and thus good riddance
Personally I just think she might be on something else.
Weed doesn't make you steal.
She might be on meth or something.
Act now or forever be a cuck.The way to deal with this is to start treating her as a prostitute.
A cheap one at that.
Next time you sleep together suprise her with a finger in the pooper, if she objects, hit her accross the face with a pimp slap.After you finish, pull out a twenty from your wallet, put it on the dresser, give her a wink and say: dont spend it all in the same place.
Then excuse yourself and take a shower.
Tell her it turns you off when she smokes and that it makes her look sad and all that kind of shit.
Do it till she feels really bad about it.
I would for sure dump her tho, I know her kind.
OP knows what to do.
It's up to him to grow some balls and actually fucking do it.
Fucking kill her.
B8
Well I'd kill her for half a BTC...Should I post my address?
How do I make her stop smoking guys?
that's her issue.No, it's your issue you absolute faggot.
If you are that much of a stupid fucking cunt to go out with a druggie who steals off you to fund her habit you should get your priorities straight.This whole thread smacks of the reactionary bollocks used to slide /pol/ threads.
Why are you posting this here not on /rk9/?If this is real you are a beta cuck faggot and should kys.Jesus wept.
Your first mistake was living in the European union
keep money away from her>she fucks local dealer and gets high anyways>try and help her>she doesnt really want it and steals and gets high anyway>keep her locked up>she resents you and hates you>you tell her if she doesnt stop shell be out on the street as a single mum without you in her life>she either leaves or cleans upDon't be scared about her calling your raise and leaving, and you have to follow through if she does it again.
You're about to be a dad, act like one.
She smokes weed/hash and she only works 1 day a week> she is the future mother of my kidsHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHkill her and yourself, fag
OP pic is niggercock.jpgStory is so obviously fake.
Putting in the "going to her parents" is obvious bait to assume she is going to the drug dealer.
Mate, just say you know she did it and what makes her think she can take anything in life without permission.... Then see what she says about you taking her anus without permission... Kidding...
But seriously, but ask why .
I'm happy to give my girl money but she wouldn't never take it off me without asking.
Tfw my girl is the only trustworthy woman I know
Don listen to these absolute clowns.
People steal and can be changed.
Don't put an ultimatum on her .
I wouldn't stand that even if I was a thief.
Cater for her... Never leave shit where she can get it and say nothing.
She will get the point
Who cares what you would stand if you were a thief?
If you're a thief, fuck you!OP, you're about to get into some serious shit with a girl who goes behind your back, steals from you, and does drugs.
You know what you're getting into.
Don't say no one didn't say anything when you're having these same problems in 5 years and you're stuck taking care of and picking up after her and your kids.