i must be the only fucker on this board that is losing money right now.
everyone has been experiencing fantastic gains while ive been getting justed since the start of october.
ever since link dropped in value and the first meme fork was announced its been bad, and only seems to get worse
Another linkie bites the dust
most people are losing faggot.
Most of us are poor neets and ALTS are bleeding out with BTC going crazy.
4427506i refuse to believe it
dude, i've been getting justed since juli, still feeling good about the futurenow i have the winning stack!
You forgot to start that with>Meanwhile in Bizzaro /biz/
JUST make it stop already
I am ALL in REQ and that's not just some grands.
You don't know what real JUSTed feels.
I went from 20k up to 160k and back down to 45k in 3 months.
Even though I'm up overall, the massive loss has given me crippling depression
Why do people buy link?
It was obvious from the way it was being shilled that people wanted to sell it, which meant they wanted others to hold their bags.It reminded me of another coin that was shilled a lot about a year ago called mooncoin.
It’s value went down to zero.
Literally.Now, it’s not even clear to me what Link is supposed to do.
It’s got something to do with “derivatives” and an “oracle problem”.
But what exactly does link do?
And how is whatever it does going to create demand for it?
Am I a brainlet or is link just a bunch of hot air?
Ive been getting justed everyday too man
Last week was great for me, went 20% up.
IOTA and LTC orchestrated the rise.
Still think my portfolio has more potential though, I need LTC to moon seriously and STRAT to stop shitting itself
I BOUGHT NEO IN 31, THEN SOLD IN 32.
BOUGHT IN 40, SOLD IN 38.
HELLO, MAN.
YOU ARE NOT ALONE.
I'VE NEVER GAIN PROFIT IN CRYPTO.
I'MA BIG LOOSER.
I'VE LOST 800K DOLLARS OP.
I REMAIN RICH IN LIVING THOUGH, BECAUSE I DO MY KEGEL REPS EVERYDAY.
A MAN WITHOUT MANHOOD IS NO RICH MAN.
I started with $100 in BTC.
It's a good way to gauge what I would do with 100% of an investment.
I spend like $3 in overhead fees.
The money that did make it to market is currently down like $1I really want to hold onto a coin that moons.
I want to diversify my holding in IOP because it's 10x more expensive than my other coins.
since 2009 crypto has been the single greatest bull market this small world has EVER experienced.
And somehow wyppl STILL manage to fuck riding it up.A nigga gotsto literally break into yalls house and set bags of gold right there on your kitchen island to get your ass green?
Except i know even then half of you lose them bags of gold just carrying them from kitchen island to kitchen door.
Shiiieeetttt
Don't buy shite scam coins that are shilled by morons who come here to stink up our board.
Give tips pls!
LINK is used to pay the operators of network nodes.
Also node owners with more LINK get priority when jobs are distributed so holding becomes beneficial.>Am I a brainletYes.
I've been losing BTC value but gaining in fiat.
ETH has been what's killing me, I should have sold at above .1.
Oh well, still in the green on ETH I could have just had so much more profit.
Speak for yourself, my 1 week chart looks gorgeous, and I totally missed the Bitcoin Cash pump.
I don't even hold any obscure shitcoins, just the Big 3+Neo OMG and XMR.
>mfw trying not to let short term losses distract me from the long hold
I was where you were.
But you'll make your money back if you keep fighting back.
Then you'll earn the rank Punished Wojack
I went down from 100k to now 30kEveryday I regret my life and the poor decisions I’ve made.
At this point I’d be happy to just get back to where I was and ride BTC to the end
cant beat me.>be mek to 30k>margin trade>back to 4k>lose that 4k>take out 35k loan>open long position on coin >not realising its on a downtrend>get liquidated yesterday>I have 3k.>empty bank acc>maxed out credit card....going to be a long crawl up.
4429769I started with 2 BTC and my peak was 15 BTC, I'm now at 9.6 BTC.
I did cash out 2 BTC at $5k to buy a car though.
taking out a loan to buy crypto

take out 35k loan>>open long position on coinCongrats on this.
Seriously.
which coin hurt you bro?
buying depreciating assets
I thought I was doing bad, thanks for the reassurance
Those massive spikes to 100 or soWhat were you doing, buying yobit shitcoins?
My last car was through, had it for 10 years and it was at the point something kept breaking.
Needed to replace it and nearly all of my money is in crypto.
Sold all my link at 40 or 50 cents, feels weird, like it happened months ago
What coins you holding
Nah I was in Bat when the China Fud started, lost a large percent, moved to Rise, lost like 50%, moved to soemthing else, and went down to like $600.
Then I stopped keeping my blockfolio up to date and only added coins after I made money on a trade.
>be me >get into crypto >fist crypto I decide to buy outside of coinbase is antshares at 7$>manage to double my investment in less than 3 weeks>be hodl fag>lose all my gains over next few months >negative from initial investment >up about 20% from last weekdon't get greedy.
take your gains
also I sold neo literally at the bottom when it hit 13$ in September
Patience and dollar cost averaging will almost always guarantee you a win even with the shittiest coins unless ur buying at ATH, but even then it is still possible to turn a profit if you cost average down hard enough
Wealth isn't just generated from thin air, it is transferredIf somebody is winning, somebody else is losing
you should ask your stepdad to rename you justin and take you back to the orphanage.
Well, I'm not losing money, but on 3 separate occasions today I've been staring at an alt that I bought low to sell high since it looked like it was pumping, and it had been unmoving for 20 minutes, then I caved and sold for ~1% profit and it instantly shot up 5.
This is unbelievably cruel.
even then it is still possible to turn a profit if you cost average down hard enoughThis is basically the trader's equivalent of a martingale system, If you keep doing this and eventually choose a real shitter that just bleeds all the way out(which does happen) then you'll have lost everything.
marketing creates demand through manipulation of emotionsthe promoters are always winning
you didn't create this100% obongo
I usually short or just avoid coins shilled on /biz but link seems to be affordable now.
I might have a look at the tech and invest.
>be me>pick up a stripper>she gets too drunk and falls asleep>my bed is now too hot and i can't sleep>get up and start browsing /biz/Do I belong in this thread?
Wrong.
If someone is winning, 10 people are losing.
pick up a stripperdont you mean a whore anon?
One has to lose so another one can gain, you fucking idiot.
So what would you suggest investing in?
I made about $6000 this year from the stock market.
Annoys me I could have made a lot more from crypto.