ROGER VER IS ABOUT TO DUMP $147 MIL WORTH OF BITCOIN FOR BCH HOLY FUCK
Jesus christ how much money does this guy have
is this the mother of all dumps?
Mother of all pumps.
He is dumping BTC to pump BCH.
BTC will hit 3k this week, screenshot this.I'm about to leave my desk right now and my fingers are trembling as I type this, but everyone should remain calm.
This attack on Bitcoin will prevail.
funded by selling high grade explosives to terrorists worldwide through the dark web>USA bans him>Russia fears him>finds solace in japan protected by the yakuzaHe's not gonna stop until he has it all
depends which side you're backing...
what a chad
sorry for your losses, corecuck
He's a legitimate businessman and didndu nuffin according to my Ancap lifestyle.
147 mill is a drop in a bucket for btc
Fuck this guy, untrustworthy felonDude is literally a criminal
This was 15hours ago you fucking moron
Hes not dumping shit
At least he's a more handsome criminal than BTC core scum and he will be easier to topple.
Woa, didn't realise how just based Roger was
BTC will hit 3k this weekCould be a matter of hours, (depending on when the fuck he can get the transfer confirmed) but $3k+ is extremely possible.
I think the limited support of exchanges onramping fiat directly to BCH is going to temporarily give BTC a little bit of staying powerg
uses poor african villages as testing grounds for his explosives>has all mining infrastructure rigged with explosives that the chinese can't remove>nobody can dare defy his willHe won't stop until we're all dead
He will be known as the guy who saved us from the cure cucks or it going to end as the biggest fail to kill btc and people will hate him even more
no, it's not.
read the fucking screenshot you absolutel drongo cunt, the transaction was only confirmed about 15 minutes ago
HAHAHA no
THE ABSOLUTE MADMANDO IT YOU BASTARD, I'M READY
147m on a 98b market cap>not a drop in the bucketyou're retarded, aren't you?
Sheeeeit
actually on one exchange its a big deal.
i was wrong tbqh famalam
 what is liquidity
How much of that do you think is in circulation?147m is huge for a low circulation 98b coin.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hold up, how do we know he's dumping?if it's on bitfinex, he can just use this 25k btc as leverage to buy all the BCH without losing any bitcoin in the process
Except there isn't really $98B of BTC in existence.
There have been millions and millions of lost coins.
Also, as only a fraction of coins are on exchanges, the result will be absolutely enormous- it could totally destroy all existing orderbooks in a single push and set off a BTC panic sell.
Spastic u do know blockchain is in UTC time and this was 06am UTC.
1am EST.
7am GMT... it was all over Twitter 14hours ago you stupid nigger
being this fucking stupid16m btc in circulation, dumb fuck.
147m is a mere drop in the bucket for btc
10% of volume>drop in the bucketlmao
and everybody who is smart already set up his buy orders.
Volume you retard.
20 mill has been enough to dip btc 5%
Cool.
Good riddance to him.
Hopefully he saves enough to buy some devs
https://blockchain.info/tx/b26bd6539505b971cbdb02600ce1212824e57650ef7fe2befaff1d2cb82f2462
4327281lets just assume we go according to volume.who the fuck even knows if this faggot is dumping his btc?
this is all speculation at this point
Go crawl back into ur dads japs eye you waste of skin
I think Ver said hes selling a PORTION of his btc for bch.
the portion could be tiny, moving this amount of btc really gets everyones almonds activated as you evidenced by this post.
doesnt mean he will sell it ALL for bch
Who is this guy?
Can anybody give me a quick rundown?
Hes probably going to all in Monero
LITERALLY KILL YOUR SELF
 selling high grade explosives to terrorists worldwidehe sold firecrackers anon
He said on twitter he's buying BCH and ETH
Who is this guy?
Can anybody give me a quick rundown?From other thread
the drop that starts the flood?
Was confirmed almost instantly.
Bitfinex only needs 2 confirms.
He dumped literally the second it confirmed.
bitcoin.com owner
corecucks slandering roger using emotional attacksthis is getting really pathetic
He actually hasn't moved a thing yet faggot.
Which bit of that graphic is untrue?
We're mooning m8s.
Fucking hell, I want my vacation.
Do the Rothschilds bow to him?
yea he said a "portion"i guess were gonna find out.
although if bch fails he will have to go into hiding
4327383Also renowned felon and cocksucker
Bitcoin.com is now Fake News.
Oh, looks like I should side with him.
Fake and gay fuck off
Do you remember the previous bitcoin crash?
There were no bounces, just straight down.
It was frightening.
You noobs are about to experience that again
Destination wallet is bitfinexWhat if everyone put a buy order at the lowest price we can think of?
To buy coins for cheap when he decides to dump?Won't he get fucked by slippage?
this is your last chance to buy in before we hit 0.4 boiz
4327373served 15 years in prison>started his criminal empire and amassed a massive bitcoin stack through the black market>fucked alpha black ass all day>Exiled from the USA
GOD DAMN IT'S ALREADY PUMPING
$1120 is the BCH buy tonight.
Ride it up $500, and Crash It With No Survivors.
9:30 PM PST.
buyin starts.
Screencap.
Your Welcome.
Why the fuck wouldn't he spread it over the top 5 exchanges?
Killing the price on one exchange is gonna crash the price on all the other ones but he could literally kill BTC for good if he put ~8000 BTC in each exchange and sold them all at once.
I don't understand this guy.
He could liquidate every BTC margin position in the world.
Pro-tip for you brainlet: if 5% of Bitcoin are being sold at the same time that doesn't make the marketcap just dip by 5%.
Yeah seriously, don't fuck with the Yakuza.
he moved 10k bitcoin to okcoin and gdax as well apparently
He's one of the first few faggots that went all in on BTC.
This is not all of his BTC holdings.
If one exchange goes down and pull some shady shit on him he hasn't all his shekels frozen, it's basic risk management.
this is fucking terrible to be honest, at this rate crypto will never go mainstream

And, like that, it was gone.
Head fake.
It doesn't get much more /biz/ than this.
Cryptos will never go maintream with corejews either.
OH GOD WHAT IS HAPPENING
s-stop selling your bitcoin what about the normies!They'll get their split tokens from coinbase in a month and a half and think they just got free money and will invest more.
are you retarded?
It hasn't dropped at all you fucking cuck
IM GONE!!!
IM USING ETHEREUM NOW FUCK BTC AND FUCK BCH BOTH ARE CUNTCOINS!they can keep their political shit, I just wanna trade altcoins, I don't want these powergames.
They'll get their split tokens from coinbase in a month and a half and think they just got free money and will invest more.>Implying our biggest pump wasn't after August 31st
HAAHHAHAHACOREKEK BASEMENT "LE CYPTHERPUNK" FAGGOT INCEL
4327588I'm not talking about this dump specifically, I'm referring to the entire BTC vs BCH drama, the FUDs, the market manipulation, at this point the entire crypto world is just begging to get fucked in the ass by the SEC, IRS etc...
Great then they didn't research and deserve to lose all their money just like you do.
<- While we're on the subject of Ver, here's his buddy Rick Falkvinge.https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&q=%40falkvinge ceo&src=typd
i hate being poor
Good thing those faggots have 0 control.
You need to understand that a large portion of the market wants a bitcoin you can use as a store of wealth and for transactions.
Until you realize this you will never understand what's happening.
Oldfag here, Dumbfuck.
I always report chart movements before they happen.
You're obviously new here.
America is the whole world
Old school bitcoiners are fighting back.
And bitcoin jesus is leading the war
Served 10 months*>Is not exiled but a citizen of St Kitss and renounced his us Citizenship and got denied a VISA entrance
SOUTH KOREA IS ABOUT THE WAKE UP AHHHH THIS SHIT IS GONNA PUMP MORE
Thanks, Anon.
I will report this immediately to Trumps CP Wetworks Program.
jesuswe dropped one of those before
CEO of bitcoin cash answers to him only year olds line up outside his door>found roger ver trying to plant bombs on his front lawn and beat him into a pulp
(((you))) made Him stronger, Fool.
WHY ISN'T BTC CRASHING???
I WANT TO GO ALL IN WHEN IT HITS $100 FOR 2 SECONDS.
Crypto would lose 100% of its value if it was unusable for Americans
Crypto exist outside of your country too, just saying
wait until the Chinese wake up too
the only reason the cryptomarket even exists is because of chinese minersamericans are largely irrelevant
you having a fucking laugh?who is pumping bch?
the koreanswho mines?
the chineseit's fucking asia who keeps this market afloat not the fucking americans lmao
That's one of the most deluded things I've ever read on this board
Not really.
China and India will push it ahead.
It'd be a slower process but it'll lead to the same outcome.
Don't want to generalize but why are most americans so egocentric?
y-you need us
There's something weird going on with Korea.
It's conjecture at this point but I will not use any of their exchanges that's for sure.
As I said, Child.
Oldfag Biztard here.
It was at 1600 and climbing when I told you it was a headfake.
You thought it was pumping.
It is now at 1480 and falling.
(you) will learn Oldfagbiztard is always right.
Shoo shoo.
Who are the whales?
The chinks!
Not the puny 50btc walls you get scared of, they have 5000+BTC walls.
unfortunately Americans are small players in this game
Not gonna happen.
He's bluffing.
But it might bring us another wave of panic.I really want to see this happen.
This guy made money yesterday while sleeping: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6M
How big is the market cap for each country?
here we go again
he sold fireworks
Assuming Roger Ver would go to sleep while having 170million in the BCH/BTC storm
kek the more you fags post about bch the more i like it, fuck you prudes BCH confirmed for the Han Solo of cryptocurrencyThe noble criminals
in contact with aliens>speaks fluent suahili from the age of 2,5yoetc

43280164327885This is your brain on crypto
The Chinese mine the BCH.The Koreans pump the BCH.The Japanese spend the BCH.Nobody gives a fuck about BTC, it has no usecase.
mmm
 HO HO AMELICA WE LICHER THAN YOU!
WE HAVE BITCOIN, WE BUY YOU!> I'm sorry Chang but the US government does not recognize the so called cryptocurrencies as legal assets in any shape or form> WHAT THE FUCK AMELICANS YOU PAY NOW NIHAO
your shitposting is too stupid for anyone to take it seirously just go away please thank you
check and mate
It's true though.
It really was his wallet
chinks>noble
Was it actually last straw?
How did he move them?
I thought there is 200 gorrillions stuck transactions?
Not an argument.
He payed 1 mil in tx
m*
$*
>inb4 queen ethereum dethrones both of these distracted shitcoins
 months you dumb cunt.
the fucking madman did itol
And yours is top fucking kek
bitfinex is going nuts lol, more entertaining than anything else ive ever seen.
Just stating the fact, if USA criminalizes crypto it's gg
Whats his fucking problem /biz/?
we were on the way to 10k before this fucking kike
Double bottom on BCH 30 min candles, we mooning again
that wouldn't fucking kill bitcoin at all .
.
.
do you know how many times i've seen exactly that happen?bitcoin just gets bigger
no shit
Based off this homosexual jew tier hysteria, it's looking like they do.
>Cash is kingThis finally makes sense
Shut the fuck up you retarded x-box american faggot.
that wouldn't fucking kill the housing market at all .
.
.
do you know how many times i've seen exactly that happen?
real estate prices just gets bigger
a flash crash will surely be the end of bitcoin
Price being kept down by crazy sell walls... Get in now before it’s too late
yea, houses are so cheap now!
Think is, houses went upwards again because they are useful.
There was a bottom.
For BTC there is no bottom and for BTC there are replacements.
There was no replacements for houses.
The only thing holding up BTC was inertia.
"It's big because it's big".
If it goes far down, it will never be big again.
Why do u have to show the usd value?
Show how many btcs you fucking retard
It sees mass adoption relative to alts
I agre that if it goes low enough the trust may be lost forever, but it's nt gonna be replaced as what everyone believed it was (store of value) sure you will get faster/cheaper transaction, but there will be no coin that everyone agrees on as a new store of value, fucking doge may be safer than bctrash
Ethereum.But first, BCH will truly spike high in the flippening.mass adoption for hodling.
not adoption for anything useful.
it's literally just a speculator bubble.
people can dress it up as "store of value" but that's just another way of saying speculator bubble.
4328900I said BTC as in Bitcoin, not BCC.
I'm not saying it would end crypto it would just put BTC out of business.
I've never seen anyone use a cryptocoin to buy anything in real life.
comparing crypto to the housing marketfucking lol...
Early adopter.
Rumoured to have more than 100k btc
Of course we don´t buy anything with it.
Bytes called Bitcoin are >a store of value
inb4 he's doing this to also accumulate Eth for Proof of Stake, thus years down the line he will fuck them over as well.
Who the fuck "invested" in Bitcoin Unlimited?
The fork didn't even happen.
noone's gonna trust a commie sjw cuckboi with their money, especially looking at their recent fuck ups
wowza
I'm comparing the mentality.
The "it will keep rising forever regardless of fundamentals because that's what it's always done" mentality.
their recent fuckupsSaying the parity multisig wallet contract library deletion was an ethereum fuckup is like saying a vault manufacturer fuckup is a USD fuckup.You are partially right though it did damage eth's reputation because people are brainlets.In the medium term it doesn't matter.
ETH is going to skyrocket in both price and reputation over 2018 when the chain is used for more real life things.
do we have real life things coming in 2018?
will there be one that really gets the normies foaming?
Some of them, but not all because I want to accumulate more of those before they get on people's radar:saltchainlinkomgmodumeverexrequeststorjModulTradeRentberryRipioHiveBankex
forgot another ez success, ambrosum.
4329316
link you faggot
When do we get to sleep?
(serious question)
 you're gonna diverse into all those?
You're gonna have to have a lot of btc to make that worth it
I have $1000 to play around with.
Tell me what to do with it anon.
I already diversed in more.
If just 2 of the lesser investments takes off I'll be lambo rich.
If one of the ones I put the most in take off, I'm lambo rich.Half my portfolio is still in short "store of value" and short term gains stuff though.
Atm its all in on BCH.
It doesn't take that much when a token's real value if the product its used for gets widely adopted is 1000x its current marketcap.
Hurry the fuck up and dump this shit
Almost trueWhy would he dump into shit his chinkfriends mine out of thin air?
To get liquified by JIhan?Fuk nah, he either hodls or dumps into some quasi-alt no one expects.
Could be Dash
43270744327122
I will when The Time comes.
Patience Grasshopper.
Has this Roger guy bought his BCC yet?
also>https://falkvinge.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/letter-from-the-ceo.pdflook who is your ceo bctrashers, a fucking pro child porn degenerate
YES HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
This desu.
The deluded westerners think they are everything.
He has already been reported to acquaintances in The Trump CP Wetworks Task Force.
His Time is Short.
Don't bother to run.
It irritates them, and makes it worse.
Westerner reporting in.
Captcha "Run Through The Jungle" Run faggot.
Napalm incoming.
So... we start a new vietnam now?
I responded to your post before you posted.
Captcha "Run Through The Jungle" Aka 'Nam.
Korean War 2.0 Incoming.
Full Disclosure; INTEL.
Don't worry guys - I got us covered
YeeeeeeeeahIm ready babyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij5CYIfR4_M&t
KEK
OLDFAGBIZTARD IS ON FIYAH TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!
For (You).
SLEEP?
Ah yes, Iroquois Gunships with M134's, 2.75 Bottled Death, 7.62 Quads, and 20 Mike Mike Equalizers.
Low and hot, tight to the Deck.
It's called wash trading on zero fee exchanges.You must be new because the chinks used to do the same and everyone figured that they had cornered the btc market given that 90% of total volume was traded in China.Once fees were introduced it was revealed that they held less than 10% of coins in circulation.
Korea is the same.
They don't own shit.
America holds the most btc by far.
Any retard can mine btc.
It helps if your government is subsidising your power costs though.
FUCKFUUUUCKKKTHIS IS A NIGHTMARE
that was uncalled for
Your call timing is on point.
Genuinely surprised.
Not used to seeing this on /biz/.
Cheers
Thank you Madame / Sir.
Autistic Savant Level Abstract Reasoning capability can be a blessing, but it can be a curse.
It allows you to know more about friends and Family and people in general than one should.
It is why They recruit us for INTEL at a young age.
Roger is dumping wtf
With how crypto changes it's value, you'd have to be mentally challenged to actually think there is even 20B of worth in bitcoin.
Roger is dumping wtfAt last.
Great to see the scammer go.
We don't need bad actors like him.
Hope the door doesn't hit him too hard on the way out.
no he's not.
do you even read?
lol.