friendly reminder nothing will ever knock btc from its throne and it will be worth $15000 this time next year
yup.
cash cucks STFU
There isn't one god damn reason for it to be other than the adage "What's in a name?"
>Second place in volume
>Not having any real value>Not actually functioning as a working currency capable of commerce and business adoption>Being slowly degraded from the inside by blockstreamyep nothing will stop it
I'm a normie, and too lazy to buy, but even I can see Bitcoin being the main cryptocurrency
It's too fucking slow.
The transaction fees are kike-tier.
It's run by blockstream kikes.
It's useless other than "muh Bitcoin."
BCH = transactionsBTC = digital gold and trading pair stay sharp my nigga
I generally agree, but the last few days have made me uncertain.
Bitcoin transactions are so fucking slow.
Ridiculously slow.
How is that going to be resolved?
Ironically, when governments start regulating it.
What's with you guys and all assuming the value of this coin is so linear.
There was some sort of attack's transactions today, like a psuedo-DDoS.
Even worse than the usual 90 minute to 2 hour wait time.
*attacks on transactions
BCH = transactionsbut we already have litecoin for thatit has better tech, not to mention charlie > jihan
desu thats the ideal scenario but if theres some big players pushing BCH then eventually they will work bit core fag devs to sort something and i think generally it would be just considered the transaction equal to btchopefully jihan gets assassinated soon though, its legit a chance..
It sucks balls as a trading pair.
As someone who is in alts and hates bitcoin I fucking hate having to use BTC as a trading pair.
It is slow, expensive and volatile.
It's pure fucking garbage as a trading pair.Digital gold is the biggest meme of all time.
It grew in value because it was going to be a currency, then when it stopped being a useful currency you just say "muh digital gold".
Real gold has and will always have real world need and uses.
It will always retain value.
What need is there for bitcoin if it can't be used as a currency?
It stops serving any kind of purpose and has no real value.
Then it goes to 0.
Gold real world value is closer to $50 an oz, if you want to tell me there's only so much Gold, then OIL would be $100 a Gallon by this logic.
It's a matter of what people will pay and right now Normies far and wide have put 10's of thousands into BTC hoping that it will go to 15,000 Rich fuckers have stored millions into BTC because they have no where else to invest itFaggots like us buy BTC to trade our Shit coins everyday, keeping the market goingAt this point, BTC is actual more valuable than Gold - we are entering the Digital Age, Head First, and BTC / LTC / ETH / BCH etc are the new Gold, don't fall for the "BUT IT"S NOT REAL GOLD" Meme faggot, don't be a poor fag forever.
only a 2x in one year?you might as well buy stocks lol
This, I'd just buy Amazon stocks if I wanted boomer gains like that
Amazon isn't going to 2x in one year O.O Here's a TIPDon't fall in love with a coin, if you do leave 10% in there, don't fall in love with 2 coins if you do leave 10% in there.Never Fall in love with 3 coins, that's retardedNow use your other 80% to ride the whalesGains 100% every few weeks, if you ride the right ones
Wow.
Actual advice on biz.
Such logic
>not taking advantage of the crash to buy more bitcoinsshiggydiggydoo