YOU TOLD ME TO GO ALL INI WENT ALL IN AND I AM DOWN 20% ALREADY!!!!!
1) Calm your tits2) Do the opposite of what /biz/ says
holy shit, im ashamed of actually even considering to buy bcc.good thing i learned to never trust biz by buying chainlink
>falling for the bitcoin cash scamits sad pajeet
It's fine OP, it's fine.Keep flipping your Bitcoin into BCash and back again.Do that for the next six months and, once Bitmain has taken all your BTC off you, you will experience Satori.
i wish i had iron balls to surf those waves
fuck out of here bch is alright in my bookp.s.
theres no round in the chamber idiot i could disarm you i know krav magar
Please tell me you went all in BEFORE it rose above 1.3K.
I bought in at 1290 and sold at 1520 like a rational person who is not driven by emotion would do.
bought at 1600.
I am the new generation of BCH bagholders
Just sold BTG.
Fuck it's going to keep going
jesus christ m8
4520999well at least don't panic sell, just stay patient and you might still get out with a profit before the end of the year
Oh
just B.C.H urself
Welcome to /biz/, where you come to read about pajeets buying high and selling low
Hey, I bought at 0.37 and sold at 0.199 lel
Operation Dragonslayer tomorrow.
You bought the top you absolute fucking retard what did you expect?
It's going to pump again towards $2k so fucking get a grip of your ADHD and wait it out.
You won't of course - you'll inevitably sell at loss then FOMO back in when it smashes past 0.2 BTC right before it dips again so you can sell at another loss.
never change /biz/.
please.
452100845210194521035FOMO hit me hard.
I had just woken up refreshed blockfolio.
Loaded /biz/ and there were 20 shill threads in the catalogue.
I then ran to my desktop and bought 10 BCH on poloniex.
I thought dragonslayer had started
You guys are retarded or can't read charts.
Either way you are fucked.
Meh, the pumps are getting weaker every time.
Tomorrow it will pump to 0.16 then it will probably go into shitcoin territory forever.
It's gonna head past that towards 2k in next 48 hours anyway don't worry about it.
I'd def sell once it gets close to 2k though it'll dip hard after.
> YOU TOLD ME TO JUMP OFF A CLIFF> I JUMPED OFF A CLIFF AND NOW I'M DEADREEEEE
it's spelled satoshi
>bag holders in round 1 bought in at 2600>bag holders in round 2 bought in at 1800>bag holders in round 3 bought in at 1600This is fine.
youll be fine m8everything goes up in the end
WHY WOULD YOU BUY ON A PEAK??
it hasnt even dropped 20 percent what the fuck are you talking about
t-thanks mate
this is going past $3k in a couple of days.
This is for all of you who hasn't yet lost all of your money or to those who has.
Cos FUD is real.teespring.com/crypto-sarcasmMERRY FUXXIXG Christmas
The pump hasn't even started yet.
At this rate it's 31 hours from now.
Firstly, stop fucking buy high.
You had a long time to buy at $1100.Secondly, relax.
It's going to go at least $1800 soon, probably more.
Im sick of hearing you retards complain after buying ATH and then calling the coin a scam pump and dump... you're just retarded and deserve to lose money meanwhile I bought at 1000usd comfy as fuck
make him stop mommy make the bad man shut the fuck up
It will be above 0.5 this time Saturday or I eat my dick on national tv
shut up Macafe, if you want to eat your dick on TV just do it and post it on pornhub
Pretty sure this coin is going to continue to moon.
Come the weekend it's possible we see 4k while bitcoin is dropping hard.
oh yeah, bitcoin just won't stop dropping to last week's ATHwhatever shall bitcoin do?this is flippening all cryptocurrency market!
>actually falling for the operation dragonsharter memes
In case someone still doesn't have BCH to BTC with at least 4 to 1 ratio, now is great time to buy before the buy wall moves up..
I got my popcorn ready when I saw this, then it went from 0.196 to 0.178 in less than an hour (while the orders still look like this...) WTF?
How the fuck?
you sound a bit nervous, why?
BTC is unstopable, right?
yes, pretty muchthis is like the 10th time roger and company have tried to kill btc, and they've failed all those times.
>WENT ALL IN fuck
OP you need to chill the fuck out...It'll be above $2000 within the next 48hrs.If enough fomo maybe even $3000
Some core loyalist dumping his BCH?
Accumulating whale shaking BCH from weak hands?
Who gives a shit?
The main event is still over 24 hours away and that will be the actual moon.
This is just accumulation.
Also, you just missed the dip if you didnt buy at .17
Seems it's going up again
i did this and i have zero stress.
BCH will go n-o-where its shit, and you're an idiot for investing in it.
Get your money out and put it in something with a future that isn't completely red
of course it's going to fail, doesn't mean i won't ride the hype.
roger ver and his buddies are literally giving me opportunities to at least double my money, i'll take it.
Nice try Mr. Accumulation Whale.
I'll sell mine 1.5 BTC each.
of course it's going to failWhy would the real Bitcoin fail?
Core is purposely burning itself into the ground, which isnt surprising considering its Bilderberg/Deep state ties.
Fuck em.
i just think if BTC fails, so will BCH, the bitcoin name will be tainted.
imo ethereum is a safer option.
Time to slay that fucking dragon!
Itq dipping grrr
What event?
i just got 20% gains... what have i missed out on?
In other news the expected difficulty decrease for BTC keeps decreasing, probably switching into an increase very soon...fork.lol
Fucksake i'm losing money
Are you serious?
Fucking Operation Dragon Slayer
i thought that was just bullshit... is it supposed to start tomorrow, so when woukld be a good by back price for BCH?
About 24h from now.
You're a fucking fool if you're not holding BCH right now.
A whale could take it to > 0.2 prices any minute..
Fucking Operation Dragon SlayerI swear the fact that people keep spouting something from some Youtuber's whiteboard is amazing
4522656I'm currently holding usdt waiting for the dip, everything is too high to buy right now.
just hodl, expected 10k and up next year easy
You're waiting for this to dip?
Good luck!
Bought at 1271 sold at 1488 a reentry point at 1300 would be best, but i'm not reentering unless i see a clear floor.
i'm not hodling your bags
Operating Dragon Slayer sounds like a 5-year old DM's "awesome" name for their first D&D campaign.
I think Operation Whale Dump is more appropriate.
fiat valuesWelcome new friend
Naaah Dragon Slayer is much cooler.
Crypto will remember this day.
i pay my mortgage in fiat
You literally sold hours before epic gains.
Hahahahaha.
I did the same with POWR.
Oh well.. good luck
it was on its way back down, so took the profit.
>le trendy new show out>be surprised when it stops being trendyYou only have yourself to blame.
Today wasn't a pump.
It was just a bunch of people hurrying up the last part of their dumping of BTC for BCH in anticipation for something to happen after BTC difficulty adjustment in 26 hours.
satoris vision
nice, well deserved
WTF did adam mean by this?
I thought miners were irrelevant?https://twitter.com/adam3us/status/933348194062360577
bitmain cucks on suicide watch
maybe.
It depends if the pink wojacks tomorrow are as good at the ones Link and DGB bagholders had were.
keep calm op and buy REQ its gonna keep pumping and you will get that 20% back.
but you dont deserve the 20% cause you are a neckbeard like the rest of these fags
Those miners are fake man.
The math behind their claims is ridiculou.s This is simply a noobie attempt to try and prevent the flippening from happening.
mortagei bet you are married too cuck.
thats right buy a house for Stacy and soon enough she will leave you for Tyrone/Chad/Muhammed you cuck
>the absolute madman
all this r9k tier bile spewing just because someone doesn't want to hold onto internet funny moneyget a grip m8
ahahaahahah*inhales**ahahahahahahthat roastie of yours will divorce your ass and take away all your comfy crypto gains
Stay in and you'll eventually be down 100%.
Fuck you mean dude.
you misssed the ship and you never learned to swim, that's your fault, not on the posters of a Catalonian underground hot air balloon forum.
The instant I saw the BCH chart 3 days ago I bought up.
Turned some of the homies on too.
Don't be a sheep
Not married... got the missus pregnant, we've been together for 10 years and she is devoted to me.
i'm alpha you faggot.
women leave beta cucks like you.
Curious, did anyone get into BTC when it was only a couple hundred?
Aren't you fuckin' rich now?
bitcoin cash*
i still hvent claimed my bch.
i should just dump ths right?
P&Ds are only fun if you got inside info.
Never buy something that is green
There's still gullible retards waiting for the ""flippening"" so it might pump a bit more in the weekend.
However if you don't want to watch the chart all day just dump it now, cause the pumps will get weaker every time.
Meanwhile
ok so he shouldn't calm his tits!!
!REEEEEEEE
I bought at 1000usd comfy as fuckSo you literally FOMO'd right into the middle of a P&D.
Tell me more about your incredible trading strategy, anon.
never said such thing.
https://soundcloud.com/thecryptocast/ep13
I sold bch at $320