Ok I've got 100 BTC and 100 forked BCHTeach me how to daytrade and/or pump and dump.Want to be able to make $10k per month Any of you faggots that help me, I swear on my mother's soul I will send you BTC to any address of your choice after each successful trade.Fuck you losers who didn't get on the BTC gravy train early enough who will try to abuse me on this thread, I don't give a fuck
honestly, just buy loads of startis and set masternode for passive income, you don't need anything else
I'm definitely the guy you should be talking tojonathanflower#5056

Show proof

Sign a message with your address as proof.
Dear whale,Put most of it in ARK.
Your staking will easily make you 10k per month, if not more.
I've been doing it for months and it's comfy af.Kind regards,Ark whale
4363884> To get more information please donate me some BTC first because my system works so well I lost all of my money.
@+DvTMLaKCringe
Honestly, if not LARP (which 99% sure is).
Don’t day trade.You’ll definitely lose a lot of your stack
STORJ now, right now!
discord link?
OP here.pick a random number between 1 and 100

jonathanflower#5056
OP here.No problem.
Pick a random number between 1-100


DaUs2XkbAUKogNDNYocE47uBmajabsUFz
if you really have 100 btc just cash out and live an easy life.You won already.
Get a chart on your screen that shows bollinger bands.
Set to Heiken Ashi candles (better to show trends) and watch the 1 and 3 min views.
A good playform for this is here for example: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/?symbol=BITFINEX:BCHUSDIf you notice candles close above the bollinger band, sell.
If it dips below, buy.
Usually that means a reversal.
It's not 100% always the case, but often enough that you'll make money with this strategy (theres really a lot more to it but thats the very basic that can work)
4364234Here's my BTC address if it works for you1HMJXmvgCfXjZokkDQBHnazyWNLLSkawZw
Just keep holding what you have lol.
If you're really new to daytrading: 1.Don't FOMO.
If you see a giant pump, that means you're already late and chances are you're buying at the top of the pump, and will get burned if the sell-off begins.
It's better to miss a trade and monitor the trade closely for educational purposes.2.
Take small profits.
If you want to daytrade, just be happy with small profits.
Sometimes you want to enter a trade for a couple of minutes and get out within a couple of minutes.3.
Don't try to 'catch a falling knife'.
If a price is tanking, don't try to buy at the 'bottom', because chances are it will bounce a little bit and continue the drop.4.
Don't get emotional and frustrated.
It will limit your decisions.
5.
Accept the fact that you made a bad trade and leave it as soon as you made a bad call.
Don't wait till it recovers.6.
Always enter a trade with a stop-loss, because you can control your losses.
At the end of the day made for example 4 bad trades with calculated losses, but the 6 trades you've made pump up the gains.7.
Learn the basics like: Elliot waves, MACD and RSI.
It will give you an indication, but don't rely to heavily on it, because massive panic and/or greed can do the unthinkable.Just a few Tips.
If you're feeling generous1BsosRjbETKhWC7EXYKaSPB6Av6D8uLEyr
Numer 1 is what most people on this board do.
Someone shills a coin saying don't miss out it'll go xx soon still, then biztards fomo in lmao
Day trading's not my thing.I'm.
more of a buy and hold guy.
6-24 months is ok with me I've got iron hands.I've proved it's me 3DaUs2XkbAUKogNDNYocE47uBmajabsUFz shows a 49 transaction like the first guy asked for.Now I'm asking the guys who are contacting each other on Telegram etc to get in touch with me so that we can move markets and make some coin.Everybody always gets a slice of my cake especially if you helped my cake get bigger
How does middle school feel, faggot?
Have a look into Power LedgerPOWR is an amazing long term hold and will skyrocket in value by the end of 2018.
Buy at least .25BTC worth and I promise you will more than triple your money by the middle of next year at least.
its an amazing project and Ive already made bucketloads of cash from it1CqYM9z79T4Co4iZ12mYxaXmectAnuYcRaheres my BTC address because that's one of the best investment tips you'll get from this board in a while
i can invite you to a group that can handhold you with trades and make you profityou can thank me with a donation after you are in the group and if you like it
>itt /biz/tard trolled by a newfag, priceless
Fucking hell, a decent person on /biz/.
Never thought I'd see the day.
Ok let me send you just a quick taster now, nothing big mind you, but every little helps1CqYM9z79T4Co4iZ12mYxaXmectAnuYcRaPOWR was one of the ones I was looking atWhat about the following please:STORJHSTEMPHYLINKCONFIDOREQwhere can I get real info on these and not scammers?
Will really provide tips for best efforts
100 btc >whaleokay faggot, this aint the minor leagues
Is it a 4chan group?If so I'm interested
greenj981@gmail.comemail me with a proof that it's youI will follow up with an invite to a closed group of similar people.
OP herefuck off newfag
I've proved I'm a fucking millionaire you pussyholeNow show me what you got (apart from your mother's pussy juice all over your vagina)
POWR is a good buy and hold, difficult to daytrade but it actually has real world potential and an actual product.
Another good one is MOD in that sense, real world application in pharma industry for their temperature sensor blockchain technology.
POWR and MOD good for long holds shitty for day trading.
go in on HST ,REQ, ARK not entirely sure about LINK thoETH for trading and holding
Thanks OP thats very kind of you!
I am just happy to be sharing the word about POWR, I personally work in the solar/electricty sector in Australia and have complete faith in the project.
May our investments be healthy
go in on HST ,REQ, ARK not entirely sure >>about LINK tho>>ETH for trading and holdingAny chance you could elucidate on these choices?
Perhaps good development teams?
Can they do things that BTC will never be able to replicate?
Is there a chance of a x10 or x50 ROI?I've give one guy here a fiver already if you can provide good reasons for your picks I'll gladly send some BTC your way too
Ok I will contact you
HST is the new one here, odds are it will briefly moon like Confido so theres some easy gains if u get in now and they said they are approved on other exchanges other than ED so that's gonna surely increase the value>ARK is one of them "high goals and honest intentions to fulfill them " cointhe team says they are working on the mobile app and im seeing some increase in price so yeahREQ AND LINK compliment eachotherif one moons u can bet your ass the other willETH is showing a hike rt now so you should get in and transcation time for ETH is decent , faster than BTC so you can cash in during an emergencythat's about it1nvpQpcZ31WQJ7uj8gUNr3StUo4VvjUEc
These tips are gold^If you like to hold, i suggest you to take a look on NEO, a nice crypto that generates passive income (another crypto called GAS) if you hold it in a wallet (outside the exchanges).
Also it's one of the first big chinese project and I think its price will increase (not a moon mission tho) by the end of the yearThis is my BTC address if this helped:1B9DFf95KRzMwRrzFrXtNuVj3Qzp4F3z1c
This OP.
Strat and Lisk look to be very promising by the end of 2017.
My comfiest hold right now is DCORP.
Decentralized block chain venture capital firm and derivatives exchange coming Q2 next year.
Derivatives exchange will pay dividends on collected commission fees.
Working product coming next month.
Code reviews by auditing firm Hosho just recently completed as well.
https://github.com/DCORP-BV/tokens/blob/master/documents/reviews/DCORP%20Contract%20Audit%20(October%202017).pdfHave a bit in ARN right now as well just for a quick flip.
Currently trading on EtherDelta and hitBTC but has volume flowing into it with the expectation of it trading on Binance in the near future.
This is just a short term hold unlike DRP which I think is a solid long term hodl.Posting my ETH address cause I don't feel like setting up a BTC address, but not expecting anything in return0xB16d76C10dc219671811eB212De84a3F77f34135
EMPHY's roadmap doesn't have any solid beta or app slated until like Q3 of next year.
Seems like kinda a ways off.LINK gets shilled here so hard, based off that idk about it lol.REQ seems like it's a solid project and a great long term hold would definitely recommend a buy there.The rest I don't know enough to comment other than the fact that they've been getting shilled here a lot recently.
lol.....
I mean, I "get" you people; but at the same time, I don't at all
Can I be invited to the group :/
how to use bollinger bands?
how to create them in a chart?
If you want to invest in something long term, I say get ready for this.>wacoin.io It's pretty much the safest bet at the moment, it has safe guards which literally prevents it from being a scam.It already has technology and a real life market which has proved itself.It already has physical stores which will start selling wabi labeled products, which in Japan is huge because this is a protection against false products.
It starts it's market with Baby Powder, and people are already ready to pay over 20% market for the product on their online store.
Their advisers include the current Vice President at MasterCard, ex Executive Director at Goldman Sachs to name a few.
I'm don't even need to tell you this is the next big thing, read up on it and get ready for 28th.1JEL5UJfY9DwPjyeVCxESFv9qpEbVKdmPrIf you do decide it's a good tip and want to give me some coins.
You have until 16th november for STORJ.
Buy at 9, sell at 18.