rate my portfolio.
also post ur portfolio ITT.
No bullshit blockfolio screenshots that are easily faked.
Only real screenshots from actual exchanges that show your positions.
pic related it's from coinbase
rate please, don't know what to do
nice returns on XMR
bought most of it at $80, rebought another 5 at 100
you know you can just edit the value in the code on the webpage, right?
Its literally as easy to fake as blockfolio.at least on blockfolio you can see if somebodys gains are impractical.
Was up to 1.2btc a few months ago.Don't make the same mistake I did, and not hold any ETH / BTC.Please rate my bags.
(Link still up 68%)
becarfull euro is decreasing...
Loving the moon mission on eth
I'm from Europe and have to cash out everything to EUR and it's killing me, all my savings are in USD, parked on poker sites and in crypto.
Had to cashout $2k today and only got 1.65k €, sucks
Posted it in another thread but I'd love to hear more opinions
Will I be rich in 3 years /biz/?
will be a great year for you!
editing HTML code is a lot harder to do then fucking lazing LARPers like this  that literally have zero iq and can just plug in random numbers into the app.
45226144522661these are all fake.
I said NO fucknig blockfolio ITT.
blockfolio is LARPING.
only real screenshots of actual exchanges you disgusting fucking neets
Literally a meme.The partician portfolio is:40% BTC10% BCC25% ETH15% ERC 20 Tokens10% XMR
Keeping all your coins on a single exchange is fucking retarded.If you think we're faking our ~1-10k portfolios you are the biggest cuck I've ever seen on /biz/.
Ok then here you go faggotPic related is here  but only on bittrex
nice Neo stack.
why are you so bullish on REM?
What would be the point of faking below 20K?
Are you retarded?
You can start getting sceptical above 100K but this is nothing and easily achievable if you put some money on the side every month.
XEM?
I bought cheap in 2016.
Not knowing what crypto was during that time.
And Lon Wong (NEM's president) larp'ed me on skype about his project.
So I bought many bags.Now I'm not sure which coin should i bag with the profit.
Thinking of just diversify it on eth, ltc and neo
what was your starting principal?
.5 btc in 2014. around 200-300usd that time.
damnnnnn.
weldone man.
You too man.
Nice LTC bags.
Gonna moon very hard soon
im fucked right?
Did you say editing HTML is hard?
Are you stupid or are you stupid?
Here, a real screenshot showing my real wealth.
editing html code is hard???
?that shit takes less than 10 seconds
NbMRaDprCbgDLRXSKaAuFX5C6rMMbYeeu if you're feeling generous today.
this is impossible unless you're Satoshi himself
I bought eth yesterday at 366 when do I see it?
1 million BTCLooks legit
I wish I even had oneYou are cool dude!