BTC is recovering fast.
It's going to the moon.
This is just another weak attack by Jihan & co. Don't worry bitcoin bros, as long as you don't panic sell due to FUD you'll be good.
imagine coping this much
fucking lol
anyone can look at the charts.
you're not fooling anyone
Yeah they should take a hard look.
What do you think is going to happen this weekend?
"Cashening" or not... BTC is about to correct H A R D. You've been warned.
NOO BTC IS IMMUNE BECAUSE...
Sorry guys, this time is different.
This isn't just noise.
You're seeing Bitcoin approaching its apex as it stagnates.
Capital is fleeing into alternatives as Bitcoin becomes prohibitively expensive for anything but keeping on an exchange.
It's not collapsing totally in a week, but you're going to see a continuous erosion of price, especially if Wall Street ends up shifting its sights to BCH.
This is just a little taste, corecucks, BCH is primed for another flippening attempt.
If BTC core goes down then all of crypto goes down in terms of normie money ever trusting it and coming in again, so there's no point hedging out of BTC anyways.
For better or worse when it comes to the tech, it's core or nothing.
ThisAnyone hoping for a flippening is an idiott.
Someone who prefers BCH and big blocks
On the contrary, if anyone trusts core they're idiots and have proven as much in so doing.
The underlying system assumptions are based on the skin in the game of miners working in their self interest.
If they *don't* do that, then the entire system has zero value, so there's no point hedging out of BCH.This was the inevitable conclusion from the moment S2X was cancelled after the miners had already been baited into a political compromise to give the other faction what they wanted.
Idiots on the other side simply assumed they wouldn't take their heads because reasons.They're about to see that was a mistake.
Noob here, is there anywhere I can just follow the trades of someone (or some group) who knows what they are doing?
Ugh how about not day trading if you are a noob....For long term strategy - see the chart above.
Nope, BCH replaces BTC as Bitcoin.
People will talk about the main chain- ie the Bitcoin Cash chain when they talk about Bitcoin, not the legacy chain.
The thing is, the normies (who's money we need to keep this shit pumping) don't even know what Bitcoin Cash is.
They don't follow this shit, they buy, leave their coins on Coinbase, and hold.
If they come back to find out that their coins are worth nothing and some "new version of Bitvoin" replaced it, it's all over, the masses will never trust crypto again.It doesn't matter if that's fair, or if Blockstream is evil, or if core are cucks, or if BCH deserves to be considered BTC.
Core has the BTC brand and if the masses lose trust in the BTC brand, the bull era of crypto is over.
Didn't they say the same thing about mt gox?
Thanks, that is actually useful
Doesn't matter.
Normies may think cars are just another breed of horses, doesn't make cars worthless.Normies are idiots and control nothing.
They will go where those that understand what is actually happening lead them.
Yea and it was true, crypto went into a bear market for like 3 years.
We're already on thin ice with the whole Tether debacle, if a flippening actually happens say hello to your coins being worth nothing for years again.
it's all over, the masses will never trust cryptoWell "never" is a lot different than years
BTC needs to sort itself out.
It's either going to be soon or down the road.
It is not working as intended right now.
MtGix caused a 3 year bear market and it wasn't even any problem with Bitcoin itself, it was a problem with a third party that ran a service related to Bitcoin.
IMO, if Tether blows up it will be comparable to MtGox because the sins of Tether aren't Bitcoins fault but obviously it's a big part of the ecosystemBut if it turns out that, you can log in after not paying careful attention for a while only to find that all the value of your Bitcoin has "flippened" into some kind of rebranded fork, no normie or institutional investor will trust this for a long, long time (I guess not "never" but how many years do you wanna wait for the :real BTC" to be worth more than $700 again?)
Exactly, is it really worth ruining the whole market just because BCH is the original bitcoin.
A lot of people bought BTC after the fork and if a flippening happens then that means our bubble pops too soon
If they had bought in before the contentious fork that resulted in the value of their asset going to zero, the only explanation for their asset going to zero is because their institution fought a war they didn't understand and used their customer's money to do it, in which case that institution should die and reimburse customers from the liquidation.Barring that, those customers should have the exact same assets on both sides of the chain.If they bought in after the contentious fork, they should've educated themselves about their decision rather than just assume everything would be fine because branding, and if they can't do that they get what they deserve.
Buyer beware in all things.
Unlike the literal ponzi scheme of BTC, BCH won't need to keep brining in "new money" to pump the price since businesses will actually use it giving it value.
The way corecucks always talk about "bringing in" normie money or institutional money makes the whole thing sound like a ponzi.
Is this seriously the only thing that gives BTC value?
Was one of the main reasons I went all in BCH
If BTC is a ponzi (and maybe it is) then all cryptocurrencies are ponzies.And if what you're saying is true, then why didn't businesses all start using LTC and cause us to have an LTC flippening years ago?
Would take about 30 million USD worth of hardware to attack the litecoin POW right now, obviously "years ago" that would have been much more.To attack a SHA256 backed POW coin is orders of magnitude more expensive.All coins are not equal and software is not the only difference between them.
you dont need to explain why youre shilling, newfag
especially if Wall Street ends up shifting its sights to BCH.now this is hilarious, topkek cashie
This is not the attack but some smart whale accumulating.
The attack is about 2 days from now.
It hasn't even started.