Not a /biz/tard But stop shilling and bullying us about POWER LEDGER COINS on other 4chan boards.
You will get banned.Here's the math : Power Ledger Token = 72 cents Cost to charge my Tesla = $10 USD ( £7.20)Why the bloody hell would they allow an ICO price to be next to nothing?
No one is going to lose 9 dollars to give you free charges.
Stop falling for this and Bitcoin.
Because it's a scam.
Fucking Aussies.
And electricity is more expensive in South Afrika and even more in Australia.
Plus Solar Panels and storage aren't cheap to install.
There's no way that solar will be this cheap within the next decade let alone ever.
LOL?
Power ledger is literally the only coin besides BTC and ETH that isn't a scam.-Team is top notch.
Multiple Oxford masters and PHD degrees, JP Morgan Chase Background, top 3 team members have 25+ years of experience in green renewable energy.
Co-founder is Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia’s capital city-Partnership with Origin Energy, Australia’s largest energy provider, also operates in NZ and India.
Team has said in slack that other partnerships are confirmed.-Tech Mahindra, a billion dollar Indian tech energy firm, partnership confirmed-8 Million dollar investment from the Australian government.
This alone should signal something to you.-Working product out the gate.
Supporting Apps and infrastructure also complete.
It’s ready to go and being used right now.-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr is already compatible with Tesla Home battery and car batteries-I’s a finalist at CES Las Vegas 2018.
-Their smart grid will be live and working in Fremantle, Perth in ONE months-Major energy crisis in Australia, massive solar panel investment.
Watch any of the dozens of youtube videos on this crisis.
PL is solving this as we speakIs the enough for you?
No crypto has ever been this solid.
99% don’t even have working products.Buy or KYS in 2 weeks when market cap hits a billion.Hitting 1 billion market cap is virtually guaranteed
OH MY GOOD HOLY SHIT YOU'RE RIGHT FLAWLESS LOGIC SHIIIIIIIIT FUCKING SELLING NOW HOLD ME SENPAI IMGA SGCARRED FFUGUCCKL
There’s no actual proof of the talks with Elon Musk or the 8m investment but yeah sureInb4 linked to another random Wordpress page
You know how much money i've missed out on by being rational in the crypto market?
Millions
If it were Pizzas anyone offer you a Free PIZZA HUT PIZZA for .25 when it really cost $7.5 , wouldn't you believe this is a SCAM or just throw your money at it because you want cheap PIZZA?
!They have NO PROMISE that you'll get free power for this cheap.
EVEN worse it looks like you have to find someone who will trade this to you for their power.
So the cost is in their hands.
Not yours.
you're a lying fudding faggot please kys>pic for elon>link for 8m government investment - https://www.smartcompany.com.au/startupsmart/news-analysis/power-ledger-receives-part-8-million-government-grant-fremantle-blockchain-energy-project/confirmed partnership with billion dollar indian tech firm Tech Mahindraconfirmed partnership with thai power company being released today (no name yet, but confirmed by team member on twitter)Now shut the fuck up and kys again
 deluded POWR bagholder
bagholder>only going upUwotm8?
dont listen to this fuckin' wanker.there's no working product till Q3 2019.for fucks sake.
Stay poor street shitting faggot
They're literally going live in 3 weeks.twitter.com/lambolydia