Mfw posted about POWR having strong resistance at 3k sats and almost thread empty, always fucking happens everything I try to recommend a coin that will obviously go up.
Guess some people don't know how to search through the amount of garbage here to find the fucking gem.
Sometimes I look through some garbage thread shilling their shitcoins and some anons just buying into it so easily, I don't do anything because they desverse it.
Too bad you fell for FUD on good coins, too bad you don't listen to some good advice here.
Too bad I'm making money off your stupid ass losses, Zero-sum game baby.
Bring me those pink wojaks later on.
im balls deep since 30-31k, what about you op?
also how high are we going?
if PBC drops POWR on monday we're mooning
Stop playing the guessing game anon, lets us show you how the game is played-- https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
Same expect I got in at 2400 sats, don't know about PBC, some rumors about not releasing an article on solar energy coins anymore because of leaks.
This coin will moon without some pbc regardless, selling some at 5K sats if it hits.
If it goes back down to 3k sats I'll buy more
are you really that ignorant that you think you foresaw this ?They announced a big trial with several other companys to commence in a project for a green city that uses the blockchain and this trial is supported and funded by the australian government...
So that is why it broke 3000 sats not you retarded TA you deluded fuck
this was I recommend it, its a solid project and people was willing to buy it at 3k, never said anything about TA, I don't do TA but phycology plays a role in my calls
actually it hit 50k like 2-3 days ago the day it got on bittrex, i coulda sold there but i was sleeping
trying to do the same with ARN, a 4.5M mcap coin in Binance, everyone is ignoring me, they will buy in one week for 2x current price
The defenition of a shitcoin.
It might get some reconigtion only because of its lowcap on binance though.
I saw its ICO fuck it sucked hard, no wonder why people didn't want to but into its ICO and now has such a low marketcap.
Not bashing just you're delusional.