Why are you not investing in this seriously undervalued ICO?
I call save 5x, it will start trading on hitbtc right after ICOThey only raised 4m so far because they decided to close their registration for phase 1 of the sale.
They want to sell most of the tokens in phase 2 of the ICO now, for a higer price.
That's startin 2 months after tokens hit exchanges.They don't want too many cheap tokens on exchanges now because they have a big partnership they are going to announce before phase 2, and they expect the price to rise 20%-40% until then.I think this very conservative, considering we are looking at a marketcap of 5 million max, today they reached they 2m in contributions,+1.8m from angel investors.
Phase 1 is open 1.5 more days but I doubt there will be much more incoming with the closed registration.Every shitcoin has a higer marketcap, but artoken is backed by an existing buisness, cappasity was founded 4 years ago and a Ceo who is an intel top innovator 2016, and intel is even usign his software, google easy 3d scan, third entry leads to their software hosted on intels website.
Wouldn't be too crazy if they partnered with Intel.
The Token and Blockchain actually have a use, they could be the biggest 3d model marketplace granted their first mover adventage.
AR/VR industry, 3D printing, 3D models in (shopping)websites.I am fucking hyped for the future of this.
DYOR reserach and leave your email if you need an invite
this was on my radar too, thanks for reminding.
Feeling confident investing in this, perfect timing with btc being on a ath.
bump
you are welcome
I have 25,000 of these.
When the fuck are they getting listed on HitBTC?
anon can you send me an invite?
appreciate it mahoodmd@hotmail.com
they get listed on 22 november shorty after the sale closes.
which is 42 hours from now
just did
yo anon, could you send me an invite for that?
gpown@hotmail.co.uk
anon, email me appreciate it  tastywater987@gmail.com
Era of established business tokens is here.
Say goodbye to crowdfunding ICOs
4477077donesure ICO hype is over, but that doesn't mean all ICO's have no future.
I try to find the ones with low marketcap and working product/company + partnerships and most importantly good team for 5x-30x.
This has it all imo.But enjoy slow gains with established coins while I am looking for the next ones getting established, you can buy in when its top 50.
I joined the telegram and got messaged by the Indians
I mean three Indians
wtfchecked tho