Baldy saved us.http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-13/mysterious-bitcoin-dip-buyer-identified
LMAO CORE KEKS ARE THIS DESPERATE FUCKING CORE KEKS KEK KEK KEK CORE KEK DIE DIEDIE DIE CORE KEKSSSSSSS
Smart move the bitcoin brand name was getting too much hype to let it die
>converted all BTC to USDT>had a buy order set at 5k>BTC price starts to plunge>this fagot blocks my path>my buy order still sitting therewall street money was a mistake
$20 million ain’t shit on a day with 10 billion volume
Thank you, baldygratz!
Big finance stepping in to stomp on the little guys.
*blocks ur path*
Great, institutional buyers.
Soros is too busy funding proxy wars and pulling plutocratic strings to dabble in something trivial like crytpocurrencies
"DURRRRR BCH SUPPORTERS ARE MANIPULATING THE PRICE">DDOS bithumb>DDOS bitcoin.com >(((bankers))) prop up BTC priceHow can there still be any doubt that BTC is the NWO Bilderberger Illuminati kikefest coin?
lmao right my nigga we gettin money but we fuckin ourselves over and our principles lmao shits lit son btfd anon lol
that's 20 million new/real dollarydoos, not tether or a liquidated alt.
DDOS btc mempool
So this is one of the suckers we've been waiting for.Amazing ^_^.
t. Jihan
LMAO, what happened to BTC is king?>baldy saved usthe state of BTC, that it needs saving
hold the LINEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEBCH WILL MOON SOON
bankercoininvesting in btc is like buying bernanke's ripple at this point
Why would you want people like Mike in the game.
Now Mike is telling all his hedge fund friends how he makes huge gains every month and they will want to get on board.
Then everything will become regulated and boring and stupid as white Jew money takes over the scene.
but that's when buttcoins are hundreds of thousands of dollars and i get to stop coming here.
By the time that all happens you will have made so much money off of btc and reinvested it in moon-bound altcoins that you won't even give a shit.Oh wait, did you sell your btc for bch?
Or are you not here to make money?Buy Monero faggot.
People don't realize that BTC's price was acting directly proportional to how BCH was doingHow did nobody else get this?
Bullish as fuck.
Wall Street pension funds are going to flood the crypto market soon
corecucks dont give a fuck about this
His firm & Stansberry Churchouse are probably putting in millions into ETH right now too.
What a fucking week.
Penis head doesnt realise that he is the herd!!
Wait, so does this mean that when money moves out of BCH and back into BTC we might actually hit new ATHs immediately?