
All of us should be.
One of two things will be bound to happen> we will all be richor> we will all be brokeI'll take my risks (protip: there are no risks when you go all in on LINK)
wouldn't have it any other way, my friendslet's get rich
How much are you holding?
Exit points?
target???
I only have 5000 LINK, but I believe I should be around 12000 LINK by the end of December if LINK stays around $0.20> exit point: 4 billion marketcap or bust
I'm gonna have to sell some at $2-3 to get in my other projects, but I'm holding at least 75k LINK for the long term.
3 years+.
target locked comrade
Nice, unironically bought over 100k.
Newfag hereHow do I buy link with USD
u buy ETH first
[spoiler]I don't have $300[/spoiler]
buy a fraction of it...
is binance good for LINK?
What kind of idiot are you?
I wouldn't trust Binance, even though they have the best user interface.
EtherDelta is better (new coins that randomly moons get added consistenly).
How
You buy a portion of an Ethereum.
If you are that level of newfag your first stop is Coinbase where you get your Eth.
I'm dumping 15.8 million link in exactly 30mins.
You'll see the bot activity then.
Consider this a courtesy.
Go to coinbase.
Set up account.
Buy Ethereum.
Go to Binance, set up account.
Send eth from coinbase to your Binance eth wallet
I'm a hyperactive kind of, I would really like to go all on a shit coin, forget about it for years and wake up with a Lambo.But it still seems dumb to me, good luck anyway.
why cant you trust binance?
is it easily hackable?
never trust chinks
4372147I don't even know why you help these kind of subhumans.
LOL this is a Great one, create a thread Hyping your SHILL SHIT COIN LINK and then Meme it like you're doing this poor fags a favor by selling these Bags you've accumulated... Link will never go above 30 cents and that's only if you fool a Whale to Moon that shit.
Just Hold those bags for 10+ years maybe you'll have a 3 x ROI there.
This thread is all green and purple IDs, it's dank as fuck.
d'awwwww
I'm dumping as there are already 3 firms ahead of them in tech and roadmap.
It is a warning to get out as the price is about crash when I exit.
I agree, this token is a non-starter, cutting my losses.
The more accessible crypto is the better.
We really need a sticky with all this info at this point though.
This fucking sad at this point, at the start it was promising.
But now u guys are missing out on so many moon missions.
Fuck you, bitch bastird.
Oracle is real problem.
firms wwhat firms
Fucking hell im so jelllyyyyyCan't wait to get some gains with my shitcoins and get at least 20k or 30k.
Currently hodling 7k link.
I don't really like any other coins I just trade em to get more Link.
Cmon you fucking idiot are you kidding me?
How are you going to recommend etherdelta over binance.
Specially to a brand new cryptouser.He's gonna lose all his funds on etherdelta, don't be an asshole.
yeah but you know what would be even sadder?selling my LINK ICO bags after holding them for 8+ weeks and watching it moon immediately afteryou can pry them from my cold dead hands.
This coin will moon.
It's just a question of when
Exit point: the moon
Where are you buying your home after you cash in link?
Tokyo for me
>mfw /biz/ is the only group that produces trade volume for LINK
4372830is ribing in tokyo cheap?
='(
You could exit now and buy in later with bigger stacks.
It isnt going to leave any time soon.
I'm split 50/50 between ark and link.
It's a comfy hodl.
If you bought at ico there's no risk for you.
Sure you could've sold when it hit 50 but no one knew what was gonna happen.
You paid what?
10 cents for each link?
It will never drop to rpthat price again so don't worry.
only garbage mooning atm, I wouldn't chase them
Im a poorfag with 63.5 links.
Am I going to make it or should I sell my dogecoins for more>?
The price went down, the person missing out is youDeluded
BCH, POWR, NULS, and possibly RCN soon.
NULs went from 20 cents to a dollar within a matter of 2 days.
LINK?
back to 19 cents.
I mean i get it, I love link too but i could afford so much links now then when i initially invested.
I'm about to increase my position (initially got in at $0.40).
Already holding ~1k, gonna add 2k more.
Hope all of us make it
This
He's hungry.
Too bad they're Kongers you fucking Mong.
>Bought in at $.43 (Kill me)>Doubled my stack at $.18And now I own 256 LINK.
Wish me Lambos, boys.
A coin wont moon on wishes.
Sell now
Good luck, Raju.
What is the best bit wallet to use guys?