HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT HOW MUCH OF AN ENTITLED FUCKING MANBABY CAN YOU BE?God Jesus, I would rather see my rather large investment in LINK go to ZERO, than see people like this emotional infant make a single cent.
Christ, redditors are literal sub-65 IQ children.Thanks /u/IAmGvd for your wonderful, well thought out, grammatically correct observation.
Note also that the person who posted this screenshot in the LINK Slack upboated this masterpiece.
It's you who is an assholePeople are playing with cold hard cash.Real money being burntThe doesnt know what crypto is.
It feeds on constant updates and the team doesnt give a fuck
Hello IAmGvd>The doesnt know what crypto is
The doesnt know what crypto is.
It feeds on constant updates and the team doesnt give a fuckYou mean like the REQ team who gives weekly updates and are 50% below ICO price?
hahahahahahahahaahahahhahahahahaha

It's almost like they don't care about the price of the token until the network is live and it's driving people crazy they aren't being catered to and they aren't shilling so they can dump their bags for a good flip.
This is literally someone who is mad they can't flip Link and didn't sell before Sibos or bought in during.
They want out and their impotent rage is exploding all over their screen.
Linkies just don't get that sergei and friends don't give a shit, holders are not in the loop.
The team already have their ico money which is all they need to fund private projects with their banking partners.
hes only saying what we're all feeling
THIS is what you're feeling?
I actually agree with that comment, not gonna lie
entitled, rights.
Lets give these guys $32 mils and we should be thankful for giving to this unknown token that might be related to confido.
4497742HOLY FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!I CANT BELEIVE JEMMA EXIT SCAMMED US AND ELON JUST DELETED ALL HIS ACCOUNTS AND TESLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!THIS IS NOT A DRILL GET OUT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not even a link investor, since it's a total shitcoin, but the team should always be transparent and communicate with the people investing in them and their idea.
>feel the same>hide from feels and pretend i didn't buy LINK>hehehe stupid linkies.
glad u feel the same bro, follow the creator on twitter @Sick_TA
meh, I see equally dumb people here
>LINK

Lord Sergey is testing us in a trial by fire (fire of our money)
I agree with this guy and I don't even have LINK.The moment you take people money to fund your project you are accountable on what you are doing, that doesn't mean you have to bend on everything they ask but there is a minimal amount of politeness and respect you owe them.
>I would rather see my target large investment in LINK go to ZEROoh, but you will
Kek

Joostay Flushov