is this coin really living rent free in our head?
Why cant it die?
It's forming a near perfect cup and handle.I'm scared boys, I'm not ready to be rich yet.
cup and handle patterns only have implications if it's over a few months or longer
I dont have LINK pls dont moon yet
I need this to hit $1 or I'm unironically going to kill myself.
Sold earlier wouldn't surprise me if it moons
This desu senpai
Like ETH.
>rent free>rent free>rent free
Crypto basically exists in a hyperbolic time chamber so you're incorrect.Selling just above the ATL.
I love you /biz/
As far as I know there still isn't even any news.
this.
anyone have anything?
Eh itll dip sub 30 once btc moons again maybe even that shit coin eth might moon
ChainLINK dips with news so obviously there is none
Eth is rising against Bitcoin and as a ERC20 token of course it will moon.
not true at all, look at req
https://www.reddit.com/r/LINKTrader/comments/7cg9hr/someone_was_asking_for_a_screenshot_of_this_i/ in your head confirmed by multiples last night
Why does SWIFT need the blockchain to automatically process bond payments?
Haven't they already been doing that for decades?What is the point of this?
Don't worry, it's not going to make you rich.
WTF my head is filled with Linkmarines now and they are not paying up for their occupation.
Is that true?
It's okay, just don't buy it
People have been transferring digital money for years.
What makes Bitcoin so special?
It's about using smart contracts to execute any transfer of value in a trustless manner.If we want to exchange x for y when condition z is met, currently someone gets paid to sit there and click "execute" once that happens.
Smart contracts let you automate that process.
ChainLink allows information into smart contracts in a trustless way, rendering them useful.
being this retarded Nolinkers i swear....
I don't think any announcement are made until next year.
They only hired a couple of jabronis plus they are having trouble getting people to be node operators.
Why the fuck you would anyone use bandwidth and CPU when you haven't laid out the incentive and road plan?
anyone know what the best way would be to move funds from bittrex to binance?
quickiest and less fees?
eth
completely uncontrolled
is that better than litecoin?
I have BHC on a personal wallet and I'm a brainlet.
Can you explain to me the best way to get Link without paying a bunch of fees?
pretty sure eth is faster and cheaper for transfers right now.
$12k volume.
Literally nothing.
confido + chainlink = hold me im gonna make it
Lol
5k usd of LINK at 18.
BTC = 12k?
the state of LINK FUDers
Looks dead to me.
This shitcoin has no fight left in it.
confido + chainlink = hold me im gonna make itLiterally the road to riches.
no, that's a mirror you're looking at :^)
LINK is the only coin/token I have not considered selling any of.
Link will always be /biz meme coin.
Start accumulating for when biztards starts to use their magic.
We breaking 3300 tonight?!
look at the graphs of all the big coins, they start off doing nothing then bam, you are too late
i think im gonna wake up tomorrow and see 3800
Holy fuck it's eating wall after wall.
BINANCE BOTS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
>trying to transfer my BTG gains to Binance so I can buy LINK>bleutrade is being a cunt>my transaction is "in queue"
using Bleutrade
Just swing traded for an extra 1k LINK...holy fuck I'm not doing that again...too stressful with 15k tokens on the line like that during this pump
Where else would you buy Mooncoin?
.3m 24h volumeI have never seen link with this much volume.
What is happening
Takeoff
Someone just broke 3300 with a 60k buy holy shit.
I said I wouldn't, but i just did it again.
This is free swing trades holy fuck lol someone is pumping this is insane volume
not ark
4332859how did you do it?
nobody's selling, the past trades section is all green
Getting lucky, as soon as a big green candle pops up, i hit a sell order.
See the red behind each big green candle?
That's me.
I instantly buy at a lower price, but 20-30 points higher than the bids.
Super risky, but also super worth if u get it.
I am too scared to do this, good luck dude!
Alright, using my profits to clear some walls.
I don't care lol, I've got enough link...i wanna see this thing pump.
Get in biz
-30 points?
Lel deluded linkiesif you want to be rich you should buy vertcoin, verge and metaverse :^)
I swing traded my way today from 0.5 to 0.9 eth but I have no idea what you're talking about.
Guess I'm retarded.
I only put 50 bucks into this shit and the coin has been dropping since then
In all 3. get at me anon
Who says I don't have those in my portfolio too?
:)
Such a cool JSON parserJSON.parse(link)I wonder if I can get meme coins for my JSON parser code?
well I was shitpostingrip your blockfolio
For example, i set my sell at 3423 earlier.
As soon as it got eaten by a large buy, I bought back at 3330 while the bots had their buys at 3310-3315.
Another one is coming soon to get into the 3500's probably.
they're shitkys
Sounds like a whole lotta salt.
Bad trades this week?
Don't worry anon, i'll be sure to tip you .01 link when you're homeless.
thanks!
I FUCKING SOLD AT 3.1K TO BUY BACK IN LOWERTELL ME IT'S GONNA DIP BEFORE I FOMO BUY BACK IN
reading comprehensionyes a vertcoin holder I see
Please help a retard out.
Through what exchanges do I go again and which coins should I buy.
just tranfer your BCH to binance to ETH or BTC (ETH is better) and then buy LINK with it
I have 8k link am i gonna make it ?
my son, you know the answer to this.
It is already living inside your head.
Rent free.
Partys over sell and buy back sub 3000 sats nice little pump for the day
why the hell would you sell did you not see the hyperledger/swift confirmation this morn.
we're rocketing
Im a trust fund baby i already live rent free lamostill poor student though its my granparents that are rich not me
Same went from 10500 to now 8800 poverty links
DON'T FUCKING SELL YOU HAD ONE JOB
Blockstream controls bitcoin
Alright sound good I only have like $100 though, the fees won't be exorbitant will they?
Without announcements or exchanges LINK is going to be stuck at $0.20 for a long time.Make your money elsewhere for now and move into LINK in Feb/March.
Not that bad.
You'll get like 92 to buy with or something
sorry i dont take the opinions of someone who talks about coins in terms of USD prices seriously
Sorry, I dont take the opinions of someone who doesnt know the implications of investing into a coin with 1,000,000,000 fucking supply.
Want to know the future of this coin?
Take a look at Ripple.
Because it's a great project.
bil MC?
cheers, can't wait
A top ten marketcap?
Bullrun over for now ?
Anyone good at reading the candles ?
I'm a retard, I sold at the handle of the cup (always zoom out friendos).
Waiting to rebuy.
Sold at 3116.Yes I have to swing trade to get more link, I'm a poorfag.
,993,667,738 XRP1,000,000,000 LINKso you saying LINK has greater potential?
1 min macd line crossed over but 30 min looks like it's dipping soon, shit I don't know.
Hey jesus tell me thanks.
8 bil market cap dollar to 22 dollar linkOH please no not like ripple noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooretard
Look if anyone buying now, probably dont.
But today shows u /biz has a lot of faith in this coin.
So keep an eyes on it.
The minutes the market is stabilized expect this shit rocket back to where everyone lost their money, ie .30 cents.
>investing in LINKHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
M circulating, dumbass
laugh now, cry later.
link going to atleast $20 by june 2018
I'd like to believe this.
But I think Bitcoin and it's shitty drama have more chance of popping the entire crypto bubble before then.Don't get me wrong, I believe in Link.
But Link is just a small ETH token right now.
I would like Link to succeed but if BTC fucks the entire thing up, everything is fucked and the only thing any bank will adopt is Blockchain tech and fill it with digital fiat.
I want Bitcoin to die so fucking badly that piece of shit is endangering the entire cryptosphere with it's bullshit.
Normies are not gonna adopt crypto, any crypto as a currency if BTC shits the bed every other month with a fork or a flippening and takes down the entire alt market with it, and then whales fuck everyone out of their stacks afterwards.
I bought BCH in order to buy more Link, but now if I can even break even I am seriously considering just cashing out to fiat.
B2X and this mega PnD with BTC vs BCH is destroying my faith in everything.
C I R C U L A T I N G S U P P L Y GET IT THROUGH YOUR THICK FUCKING SKULL ONCE AND FOR ALL YOU IGNORANT PAJEET NIGGER
Don't get me wrong
Utility tokens are here to stay, omg, neo, eth, link, and other actual products can survive without shitcoin, markets are pegged to fiat anyway
Even if BTC became literally worthless, LINK would be one of the best things you could have your money in.
Any business that will want to use a decentralised oracle network will likely look to ChainLink first.Smart contracts are so much bigger than Bitcoin.
ChainLink is an absolutely indispensable addition to smart contract technology, rendering them actually viable in real world situations.I firmly believe that even in a worst case scenario for crypto, LINK will be fine.
,000,000 LINK38,531,538,922 XRPSo you are saying link will have greater potential?
4334394I hope you are right and I hope I can get my fucking Link stack back.
Holy fuck B2X and last nights flippening fucked me out of so much of my stack.
After I had built up so much.
I am a lowly wage slave and I can't dump fiat into this.
I need to daytrade to make more and I lost weeks worth of day trading profits.
I feel so despondent.