AMA about crypto.
Goldman Sachs is jumping in soon.
What is a good medium term hold, and by medium I mean 2-3 months?
REQ or OMG?
What's 14 fish mean?
more like larpman sachs>captcha: EXIT Starnberg
what do you think about the BCH BTC drama ?what is going to happen once BCH gets most of the hashrate and BTC gets slower and slower ?
fish = atey ate
What type of people makes the markets move more when it comes to stuff like Forex?
Is it more of banks doing it or like big time hedge funds?
They don't use traders no more.
It's all quants and algorithms these days
fishing for teenshes an outed pedophile
Doesn't the banking system hate crypto as it is ultimately their downfall due to the decentralised system ?
good thread
Will BTC crash to $5000ish soon or shoot up to $10k by eoy?What will happen to NEO short term, I bought some at $30 and I see its tanking rnWhat are the next 10x-100x coins?
>no repliesi swear you stupid pajeet niggers will make this go to 300 posts
No, BTC will be the one world currency and it's become more centralized over time especially after LN upgrade.
The people will willingly adopt it and then it will be co opted.
This is why I like BTC.
BCH is probably better but that doesn't matter becuz the true big boys are going to prop BTC.
I have been hearing this fucking horseshit for years anon.
Fuck you and your bs.
so do you think that once the cryptocurrency battle royal ends, and that the best coin which emerges will then be the unique global currency?
That the forex market will cease ?
Best coin has nothing to do with it.
Powers that be will hijack the brand name that is on every normies' mind which is BTC and use their massive Jew money to make it king and the co op it.
That's why I think BTC is ultimately the best long term investment.Look what happened when BTC was attacked and it looked like it might be knocked out.
A Wall Street whale bailed it out.http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-13/mysterious-bitcoin-dip-buyer-identified
and anyone with half a brain sold their BCH for BTC during the pump because OF COURSE bitcoin was gonna win.
too much capital invested for the whales to let it fail.