Post here if you agree
XMR ETH LTC are my favorite coins.Bitcoin and all it's forks can fuck off now.
yes very nice
Fuck BTC and BCH.
And fuck this ongoing pump.
This is why we can't have nice things
why is bch exploding in price?
because it is the real bitcoin
because BTC refuses to fix any of its problems
chinks have been acculamating since the last dump and now it's time for another PnD scam.
who is this jew girl in the picture ?
Because paying a subscription fee on a centralized network that requires you to register with financial institutions who can refuse your transactions and can be registered with the Feds isn't really what anyone wanted out of Bitcoin.
It's always the pump and dump meme with you pajeets
blythe masters
anyone
Probably another takeover attempt commencing soon https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
blythe mastersholy shit i thought u were talking shit what the fuck of a name is that(((investmentbanker)))
why are all the core devs such cucks holy shitdont get me wrong i hate both bitcoin and bitcoin cash but this is just ridiculousbitcoin is now in total controll of one company lmao
Centralized mining monopolized by a Chinese company, on the other hand, was literally written on the original whitepaper by Satoshi.
mining needs a lot of powerchina has a lot of cheap power and gives a shit about its environment???
?you dont need to be a genius to figure this out
Oh boo, someone made some decent hardware and now they're dominating for the moment?
As soon as someone else makes a breakthrough with their chips they'll dominate.And what does it matter that the maker is Chinese?
You bewing waycist??
btc and bch currently share the same miners buddy
it actually was, it clearly says a 51% attack could happen and that the incentive is not to destroy the chain's integrity
for the moment>implying Jihan will ever cede power of BCHAlso>As soon as someone else makes a breakthrough with their chips they'll dominateI need proof that Jihan won't just go ahead and create a new coin that can only be mined with his mining equipment.
I can prove that he just goes ahead and creates a new coin that suits better to his business.
You need to prove otherwise if you think that will not happen again.
4503815>oh boo>waycist>buddyGreat arguments by the way.
I can prove that he just goes ahead and creates a new coin that suits better to his business.bch happens to be the original bitcoin.
segwit goy token isn't.
Miners have power, but they don't have all the power.
If they make changes that are actually detrimental to the system rational stakeholders are incentivised to unload their holdings for another product.
This keeps miners honest, just like miners keep the software developers honest.
All the parties have a stake and keep each other honest.
>whining about blockstreamgive it a rest.
you blockstream haters have bitcoin cash now.
that should surpass bitcoin easily and soon because blockstream is just so incompetent and evil, right?