>Chainlink isn't important to SWIFT anymo...
priced in.
Doesn't say anything about chainlink
Direct PDF download link:https://www.swift.com/file/45401/download?token=1SlvZHKAOr google "Leveraging international standards to unify emerging financial technologies" (with quotation marks) and download the PDF at the bottom of the article.
Ctrl+f linkNothingCtrl+f chainlinkNothingSELL SELL FUCKING SELL
4527501
Rent FREE bitches
You realize "smart contracts" are not chainlink, that smart contracts exist with or without chainlink?
You understand this right?
See Way to prove how clueless you are.
This was two weeks ago.
Already discussed here for 100 times.
They even state this same stuff on their website which is updated like 6 months ago.
So now everyone's waiting for the main net launch in Q2 to hear if LINK has something to do with this.
Patience, we will see
What you talkin about?
it's the name of sergey's company, idiot
>Demo for swift at sibos.>Talk about possible swift partnership.>News promised before eoy.>"good things in the work" >Swift holding a conference end November early December.
>Now this.
One can dream.
This was two weeks ago.
Already discussed here for 100 times.I was here the whole time, never seen anything about this.> They even state this same stuff on their website which is updated like 6 months ago.What?The point is that this paper was written up after Sibos, and it lists Chainlink's PoC among some of the biggest projects Swift is involved in.
Meaning they're still very interested.
Chainlink connects smart contracts with everything outside and inside the blockchain.
They provide decentralized oracles not smart contracts.
Don't forget swift.smartcontract.com before it got removed.
They provide decentralized oracles not smart contracts.They literally provide the smart cotracts too.Sony and AXA currently still have a joint smart contract running on smartcontract.com.
So if I name my company "fagot bitch" do I now own all faggot bitches like yourself?
Is that how you think it works?
4527620 It's the only chance to recover this massive FUD fest.
Imagine how badly this token will tank if none of this comes out to be true.
Lieutenant General reporting.
Only on the sandbox infrastructure ETH provides, can smart contracts currently exist.
Through tokens and the infrastructure they provide, which would mean that existing companies would have to rehouse all their existing shit onto the ETH network.
Chainlink comes in, but you knew, and are a shit fudder.Anyway, still proves what i said earlier, people try and FUD link, and all the info is actually bullish for link.> Rent free
You got proven wrong already, time to stop posting.
Its my understanding they will provide some pre-templated smart contracts with general use cases.
Since most comp's hardly have smart contract legal/coding departments
This is my biggest fear.
I am still traumatized by sia.
>Big news coming up guys.>Wild speculation ensues.>Day arrives.>Tadaaaaaa.>It's a fucking miner.I bailed so hard at 740.
It's really time to stop posting
Yep.
Happens all the time.
Leaving news about upcoming updates always makes the community hype up and think the best possible news will be revealed.
Almost all the time it will be a flop.The best thing that can happen would be a partnership announcement to come unexpectedly
bump