I went all in on LINK at 0.48 (24k USD worth) and sold at 0.15 and put my 7.5k into NEO at $47..
I literally have a bag of 159 NEO.and now LINK is rising and NEO is crashing.
What do I even do?
I am on the verge of necking
those are some weak hands friendo
>buy ATH, sell ATLBiz's final form
Wait for NEO to hit 50-55, sell NEO and rebuy your LINK pile.
hold LINK until 2019; profit.
good luck.
Do i sell my NEO at a loss and buy back into LINK?
I need 500k USD I cant fucking wake up and work at this shithole Movie Theatre cleaning up popcorn and washing bathroom stalls for the rest of my life.
If I rebuy 7.5k USD worth of link back what are the chances ill be rich in a few months or will NEO hit atleast $500 in a few months?
Panic more.
Make emotion based decisions.
HAHAHAAHAHAHA is this fucking you anon?
Too bad rory started to leak shit because we bullied him.
Rory ruined your fucking plan.
You did good, OP.
I TOLD YOU FUCKING FAGGOTS TO HOLD LINK AND BUY NEO WITH YOUR OTHER SHITCOINS
You've made your decision.
Stick with it.
I'd be way more worried holding LINK bags than NEO.
You are far too stupid and weak to make money in crypto.
Read your fucking first post, you can't even handle a few drops without freaking out.
Please help me on this decision I will hold for 6 months
selling LINK before 2019sorry man I have no compassion for your stupid decisions
 I'd be way more worried holding LINK bags than NEO.Not at the current prices kek.
I would be much more worried holding NEO at this high price than LINK at this low price.
If the conference hype doesnt pay off (which it likely wont judging how people expect government cooperation), its going to dump hard.
So you'd rather hold LINK through early 2018, rather than NEO?
Regardless of Monday announcement, there will be more coming Monday.
KuCoin also just made NEO pairings
Please help melmfao
Just do the opposite to your feelings
You havent seen my final form>Buy ATH, sell ATL to another coin's ATH only to sell at ATL
HODL is not a stupid meme, folks.
Thanks OP for sucking all the cocks to prove this
So you'd rather hold LINK through early 2018KEK 2018 is literally the year of LINK.
>Regardless of Monday announcement, there will be more coming Monday.
KuCoin also just made NEO pairingsLook, we all know what the fucking news is at this point.
Weren't you here during the first Antshares conference?
The dump was so massive.
Literally worse than the LINK dump.
The only way NEO is going to moon higher in 2018 is if the government actually announces something that would be considered delusional.
I cant fucking wake up and work at this shithole Movie Theatre cleaning up popcorn and washing bathroom stalls for the rest of my lifeGiven what information you provided about you so far, I think this is the best job you will ever find
I'd be way more worried holding LINK bags than NEO.You'd be more worried holding the key to mainstream contracts at its ATL than the Chinese ETH near ATH?Anon, I...
i know a coin that is guaranteed to moon at least 10x if you want advice hit me upi do request a small fee but i'm sure it won't hurt you after the gains you will make.mstoprhq@sharklasers.com
So hold NEO until Monday and dump/rebuy seems better than bagholding LINK through EARLY 2018.
Do I have to explain myself more.
You havent seen my real final form>Buy ATH, sell ATL to another coin's ATH only to sell at ATL>Decide to start being sensible with my investments>Go all in on BTC>The flippening happens
I made over 30k off 1k investment by holding 9 months.
I never even looked at crypto during that time after that I decided to chase moons and lost a couple grand.
If you aren't fit for the game buy a cheap solid coin and forget about it.
If you want to chase moons set aside a certain amount of money for that and never go above it.
Don't dip into your main investment.
NEO hodlers will make huge profits in few months.
The ones selling it Monday will lose big time (but they still win coz it will rise anyway since yesterday)
Yeah, its a sound plan.
I see NEO going higher too.
But I think anon is worried LINK is starting to pump too, alts in general are starting to recover.
Plus rory is starting to say shit about partnerships in the background because of anons bullying him.>Anon buys NEO at $48>Anon sells LINK at $0.16>NEO would need to go to $72 to have a 50% gain (only a few days till the conference dump)>LINK would need to go to $0.24 to have a 50% gainLINK literally jumps 50+% in an hour, did you see the Segwit2x fork cancellation news?
The dump only continued when BTC rallied and that was with every alt dumping.
selling at ATL>not shorting at ATLFucking amateurs
GUYS NEO IS PUMPINGWE MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET OUT AT 6.3 AND GET BACK INTO LINKWE ARE GETTING A SECOND CHANCE
LINK will not have it's day (if it does) for a very long hold time.
If you want stagnant $$$ then hold LINK.
If you're Cardi B, then get in the NEO game.
NEO isn’t crashing you fool.
Get on NEO, make gains, put it in BTC/ETH when it plateaus, then buy LINK once LINK hits the floor
what flippening?
it never happened
Kek ok OP listen to this guy then.
You know deep inside OP that the price pump is because of speculation of government involvement.
If they dont deliver (unlikely they will), then good bye, its dumping back to $35.
I mean if/when it does
You mean 2018
If it makes you feel better, I bought 400 neo at 3.50 :^)
Also, i know some people use the fud that there are so many LINK bagholders that are waiting to dump at $0.48 like you.
But do you fucking know that there are more bagholders at $50+ NEO waiting to dump?
hahahaahah
Neo hasn't crashed yet it can still go past 47.
You'd be great at shorting stuff
VOLUME STILL STRONG ON NEO IT HAS ANOTHER LEG UP TODAYDON'T SELL I REPEAT DON'T SELL
Sell at ATL>Buy at ATHYou're gonna make it bro!
My man, let me tell you something: you're incredibly retarded.
First, NEVER go all in.
Second, NEVER chase the pump.
Third, if you're going ALL IN at least have the decency to fucking hold the coin you invested and believed you magnificent low-iq retard.
LINK is not about to moon (Dec but prob jan-feb earliest) so just hold in neo till you can sell in the green...
the main question is why are you investing 24k if 24k is an amount that matters enough to you that youd get that emotional over it
Best thread all year
Jesus fuck anon.
Sell 75% of your NEO and put the rest in ARN.
It's going to 2x today.
5MILLION market cap and 11MILLION circulating.
Watch it carefully and sell around 12-15K SAT.
Once you've made back some of your losses buy back some NEO and never touch LINK again.
u literally bought link ath wtf is wrong with u
A simple, yet very effective advice: keep your NEOs, wait for then to rise and LINK to fall till the time you make a profit, not earlier.
They will both rise to break-even and above to make you profit.More advanced: the deal with you and others is a lack of patience and emotional attachment to the "negative" situation.
Should you ever try LSD, you'd understand what I'm talking about.
Your ego is so attached to an ((idea)) that you are stressing yourself like crazy.
This, consequentially, makes you to invoke stupid decisions and damage your body (stress and it's consequences).
Now, chill the fuck down, try to look at your surroundings, literally, what you experience (((RIGHT NOW))), then just breathe, and then, realize, we all gonna die, and all your coins and worries about them will look so so funny in your death bed.
So, chill the fuck down, learn to maintain patience, embrace every moment of your life, as it is a gift to your ego.
It's just another game.
((ENJOY LIFE)) WAIT.
ENOUGH.
((ENJOY LIFE)) PROFIT.
((ENJOY LIFE)) CASH OUT.
((ENJOY LIFE)).
You'll get your cash back if you wait on NEO.
It might 2019 before you break even but it will happenJust hodl strong and you'll get it all back.
You gambled and you lost, it is what it is.
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAbut srsly: you made my day OP, thanks for the laugh
HAHAHAHAHAHA LINK IS PUMPING
GET FUCKING REKT HAHAHAHAON THE WAY TO $1
Jump to LRC (looping)Then rebound to linkThank me later
NEO has to fucking go to $56.4 for OP to even catch up to LINK right now kek..........
Decide to start being sensible with my investments>Go all in on BTCyou already JUST yourself right here friendo
KEEEEEEEEEK is op dead?
I get my paycheck from the Cinema I work at in a week Is there even a point investing another $200 in LINK if I lost 18k?
Not selling my NEO btw going to kill myself it NEO doesn't rebound or if LINK moons after being 0.15 for weeks