The reason the US dollar has value is because all oil transactions must occur in dollars.
This creates a consistent demand for dollars, as trillion-dollar industrialized economies must buy dollars to feed themselves on oil every year.The reason Bitcoin has value is because of all the things that you can only buy with bitcoin.
For example, hookers, drugs, child slaves....etc.
This creates a constant demand for bitcoins, and thus gives the bitcoins intrinsic value.
That's all great, except there's a problem.
pic related, bitcoin purchases are easily tracked by law enforcement agencies.This means:>bitcoins cannot be effectively used for illegal purchasesThat entire market, gone.
Then when you consider:>bitcoins are outmatched by simple credit cards in terms of transaction speed and convenienceThus, there is no reason to use bitcoin for non-illegal purchasesAnd as we've seen in China:>governments CAN effectively ban bitcoin for 99% of normal usersAnother supposed use of bitcoin, goneAnd of course>bitcoins are becoming unprofitable to mineAs time goes on, the probability of finding a bitcoin goes down exponentially.
Meaning that, if the intrinsic value of bitcoin tracks with the amount of energy it takes to mine one, the value of bitcoin will go down exponentially as well (since the amount of energy it costs to mine one goes up exponentially)There is no intrinsic value behind bitcoin.
The entire thing will collapse.
I don't see it going to 0 in the near future, there is simply too much infrastructure and capital behind it.
But I think it will collapse substantially, and eventually go to 0 in the long run.
My advice is: short sell Bitcoin, then just sit and wait.
In a few years, you are going to receive a massive payoff.
Don't fret over charts, don't check prices, don't even think about it again.
Just shortsell, and wait.
nice memes
Value is only a function of scarcity.
Gold is not an industrial metal (jewelry is not industrial use, just money that you show off) yet it is incredibly valuable.
Despite being useless it is the best store of value in the world.
This is only a function of it's scarcity.
Scarcity itself is an intrinsic value
>.
Meaning that, if the intrinsic value of bitcoin tracks with the amount of energy it takes to mine one, the value of bitcoin will go down exponentially as well (since the amount of energy it costs to mine one goes up exponentially)How fucking stupid are you.
It makes the value go up not down.
Look up supply and demand.
Less new coins is less supply, brainlet pajeet
How the fuck can you be so stupid?>oh this mineral is getting harder and harder to find!>lets sell it cheaper and cheaper!
!The absolute state and all that...
OP is our competition
Think about it this way.Right now, energy is roughly $110 per mWh.Let's say it cost 1 mWh to mine a bitcoin.
This means bitcoin mining is profitable if the price of a bitcoin is over $110.
But now, let's say the price goes to 10 mWh, this means it's only profitable to mine bitcoins if the price is over $1,100.
As the cost of mining a bitcoin increases, the higher the price of bitcoin must go before mining is profitable.
Eventually, there is no more reason to mine bitcoins whatsoever.
This basically means, above a certain price, the supply of bitcoins slowly increases.
Below that price, it remains flat.
Normally, when the price of something goes down, the supply also goes down.
Meaning that the price can find a happy medium.
But with Bitcoin this is not the case.
If the price goes down, the supply will remain constant.
Thus, the only thing that can push the price back up is an increase in demand
This isn't how ASSETS work you absolute brainlet.
Assets require only limited supply, they do not need to be regulated to increase in value you mongoloid.
It doesn't matter.
As I said, the intrinsic value of a bitcoin is the demand for it as a medium of exchange (what do you need a bitcoin to buy?
)You lot are correct, I was wrong in the OP when I said the value would decline exponentially as the energy costs went up.
I had to stop to think about it some more.But I believe my second post i accurate: The higher the supply goes, the more demand you need to sustain a certain price level.
So basically, every time the price of a bitcoin goes above the mining cost, two things happen:>the supply of bitcoins increases>the cost of mining a bitcoin increasesuntil, once again, the price of a bitcoin matches or exceeds the cost of mining one.
However, when the price of bitcoin is below the mining cost, supply is unchanged.
Meaning that the only thing which can push prices back up is increased demand (since supply is fixed).
So there are two behaviors of the bitcoin price, in a mining scenario, and one in a flat scenario.
but basically, because the mining cost goes up, doesn't mean the demand of bitcoins goes up.
So if a bitcoin costs $10,000 to mine, that doesn't mean people will value a bitcoin at $10,000 intrinsically.
Because if you are given a bitcoin, you don't magically receive $10,000 worth of energy that you can use.
That was very long winded, to sum up:>you are right, I was wrong in the OP about the mining.
I fucked that up>however, if the intrinsic demand for bitcoins doesn't exist, the price will fall to 0>there is no intrinsic demand for bitcoins, besides hype and speculative fever
As I said, the intrinsic value of a bitcoin is the demand for it as a medium of exchange (what do you need a bitcoin to buy?
)Officially the dumbest statement I've read on /biz/ all week.
This is the stench of C O P E
The intrinsic value of the dollar is that you MUST have dollars to buy oil.
There is also some demand, simply because people are accustomed to using dollars, and every business is geared to accept dollars.
Also, transactions in dollars have less taxation (barter transactions have lots more)These are intrinsic properties of the dollar that make it valuable as a medium of exchange.Gold had value as a medium of exchange for different reasons.
It was ideal as a currency because of it's physical properties, there was some intrinsic value, and some industrial uses.
All of these provided the demand for gold, which gave it value as a medium of exchange.Bitcoin only has INTRINSIC value if it is needed to facilitate certain types of exchanges.
For example, if you need bitcoins to buy a taiwanese hooker, there will be a constant demand for bitcoins to facilitate this transaction.However, as things stand, there aren't many transactions that bitcoin is valuable for.
Thus, there is very little INTRINSIC value in bitcoin.That doesn't mean bitcoins aren't valuable right now, but it means that bitcoins will trend towards the intrinsic value in the future.
Stocks always do, assets always do.
Any value above the intrinsic value is speculation and hype
One word: LONG XMR
the intrinsic value of a bitcoin is the demand for it as a medium of exchangeWrong.
See second post in this thread
You mean the post that said:>Gold is not an industrial metalthat's wrong, pic relatedEveryone knows gold is highly prized for it's conductivity, and is used in all kinds of electronics and other industrial applications.
Gold has intrinsic properties that make it valuable.
If scarcity was all it took for something to be valuable, your company could sell 10 pieces of stock and instantly become the richest company around.
The black market will keep it forever relevant creating a base price.People losing their keys will keep inflation going longterm as the real ammount in circulation will continue to decrease.It's possible that it crashed but it won't hit zero value ever.
basically this
Maybe bitcoin will lose it's power in the future, but I do think that cryptocurrency willl rule in general, mainly because of blockchain technology and because I believe means will be created to make day to day transactions as practical as it is to play with plastic today.