can /biz help me with this?which one to buy and why ?please give good reasons.
Just split the difference.
I personally believe IOTA will be pretty huge in a few years, but both will probably have solid returns.
ETH.
Great road map with so many projects built on the ecosystem.
Expect a huge 2018.
IOTA’s wallet is straight garbage, they don’t have their shit figured out and you could easily lose your funds.
do you want to invest in the guy that invented PoS or the guy that copied his work?https://twitter.com/c___f___b/status/932561535322468352 - once page loads scroll to top for full conversation.
ETH is already outdated, it will just take a while to be obviousIOTA’s wallet is straight garbage, they don’t have their shit figured out and you could easily lose your funds.wrong, it works fine.
i've had no issues with it.OP, the real question is - do you want to invest in something that has really no value or the future of crypto?
75% IOTA 25% ETHEth has already had its big gains but will steadily gain from here.IOTA has yet to have its big gains but has more potential with its first to the market tangle tech.
IOTA also coming to more exchanges and getting new wallet by end of year.IOTA should have 100% return by eoy, ETH prob 20%
it is garbage.
the network is centralized.
it had 3 tps a few days ago and everything slowed to a halt so it isnt even scalable.
It really is trash
the project is still in beta.
this is very early.
it is still risky, yes; but the team is solid and they are moving in the right direction.
the reward will be huge when they deliver; but you are right.
it is still very early
buying eth is like buying ltc, it's slowpoke-tier
the only thing they are good at is pumping, shilling and hype.
If they weren't I'd be shorting it.
Beta software should not be worth 2.5billion..
They have 300million$ locked up.
They regularly reboot the entire fucking network because the size grows too fast.
You have to do manual steps whenever this happens.
I don't think Bittrex will ever dare supporting it, and I anticipate that either binance or bitfinex will drop it at some point, causing a huge crash.
you should look into what markets actually are.
you're halfway there since you're not shorting it; but if you really understood what markets were then you would have bought already.
Yes, markets are based on speculation, you are so clever.There are as many negative happenings as there are positive ones in IOTAs future:CFB might leave at any point like he abandoned NXTSonstebo might say/do something even more retarded than he has so farNetwork goes down againBinance drops itBitfinex drops itCoordinator does not get removedNetwork is attackedTurns out it isnt scalable after all(already happened)Wallets causing more troublePartnered companies realize that they are working with autistic morons and bailSeriously IOTA has so many issues, it's retarded.
cool, bro.
you have it all figured out, then.
good luck with your investments
op here so %80 iota and %20 eth will be good.so what is your guess - how many percent returns in one year ?
100% POWR
Same type of person going to be making memes saying he is sad he didn't get in early.
IOTA is the only coin I see overtaking ETH or BTC.
I'm confident in the developer team, the steps they are taking, people they are hiring, foundations they are founding.
updates they are giving, and money I'll be making.
Neither the first is a pro suicide bomber coin while the other is a pedo commie coin.
eth, cus moon soon, than get some iota with your profits
Thats the type of shit that makes people broke.
Link, Req, now POWR...don't forget to take some profits from the shilling.
that's sounds risky, 80%eth would be a safer betbut what do I know?
I'm all in on link
which one then ?