So what dumb shit have you bought with your crypto winnings, /biz/?
vertical monitor, my man.
What's the IDE?
inb4 ladyboys
a house
Nothin crazy, just a couple lambos.
Looks like sublime
Why the fuck are you wearing shoes inside and programming lisp?
BAT
4383166ye
this beautiful ukulele.
Unfortunately if I played it, the paint would come off, so instead it's a work of art on my wall.
hoping to become a homeowner someday...
Think it's possible?
I'm at 10k USD currently.
cringe
Way to not only buy the most normie rick shoe but also wear them with CUFFED DENIM god damn kys.
Also you can tell you're a poorfag cause those shoes have 0 wear, only pussybois have clean rick.
Thishttps://www.amazon.com/Pepe-Frog-official-anatomically-correct/dp/B01MCT549R
I love when faggots like you try to look cool when you're a fucking programmer wearing converse with weebshit on the wall lmao
Well, its far from dumb but I am almost to my goal of $35k to build a school and water well in a rural village in Nepal.
ETFs
Here's some stuff I ordered in the past couple weeks.
>wearing shoes inside the house
wait is it really that cheap to do that??
wearing fake rick with jeans
Yeah, Arnold and weeb garbage on the same wall is a ridiculous combination.
unironically this
There's chinks painted on it.
The Arnold poster is cringe tooIt just screams closeted /fit/ homo without a father figure
Not fake converse, that’s for sure.
fell for the ukelele meme
I paid my income tax for 2016 with mine.
Boring as fuck but it was nice to have the extra flow laying around at the right time.
Doge
Nice fake chinese plastic RO ramones.
I made a 2000$ diamond Keycap for my esc key
nitraflex is the best, i unironically think it boost trader iq cant be the only one who thinks this too
holy shit that sounds really dope actually.
I found the photo itself inspiring when I first started training years ago, but the text is atrocious.
Both /fit/ and misc are generally autistic wannabe-Chad shitholes, however /fit/ does produce some good memes
Solo skydiving licenseSolo scuba diving licenseGoing for my private pilots license soon
Turn that 35k to 500k in the US by taking out loans and doing real estate, then when you're good at real estate in the US, you can do real estate in Nepal.
I'm doing that, and I'm going to do real estate in Bangladesh.
T. Smelly Asian or eurolet
This is the only awesome thing I have read.
I'll steal your idea.
I have a mad diamond for it as well.
Big square cut one
An apartment.
winnings
More crypto
I don't buy dumb shit with it, I buy more crypto like a smart person.
I hate you for making me sit here and debate whether to order this.
t. smelly/dirty house owner
JUST GIVE ME A SINGLE FUCKING REASON WHY WHITE PEOPLE WEAR SHOES IN THE HOUSEJUST FUCKING WHYPLEASE GOD SOMEONE EXPLAIN THIS TO ME RIGHT FUCKING NOW
Its an American thing.
bcc
Don’t forget a loo.
Nice clown shoes
Those shoes look tight, what are they?
implying I will take gains from crypto while normie money hasnt pumped every coin to the moon.I would be missing out some good money.
far from dumb
Lazinesst.
American
A ton of streetwear and computer equipment.
Only smart thing I bought was a Honda civic (not the type R unfortunately, not that rich yet)
thisI am working day in and day out to get every drop of money i can in crypto, because when normie money hits, theres no going back.
2017>using a ideyikes, thats sublimeuse Vim though
fake as fuck ramones
I also bought wwe 2k18 and paid $600 for my car to be repaired (parents paid and I paid them in visa giftcard)
>buying things with your gains instead of reinvesting and making even more gainsIt looks like you don't want to make it.
Block cat
This man right here.Vim or bust cunts
I guess if this is their only income, it makes sense.
Ar15 heavily modded Fn57 357
what happens in vegas, stays in vegas, am I right?
4384001Yeah I mean right now there's so many opportunities for 10-30% gains everyday you can make back what you pull out really quick as long as it's not a large amount.
I'VE BOUGHT NOTHING BUT MORE CRYPTO.
I AM FUCKING ADDICTED
white vans you fucking mong