WHO'S YOUR DADDY.
Only bought 2k POWR.
Hold me...
Should I buy now or wait til btc skyrockets, make every alt bleed and then buy?
Sold at 5400 1k cool profit
Correction incoming don't fucking buy now, cmon think ffs.
Stop wojacking yourselves wait for the retrace
This coin has done 10x in 20 days.
Careful buying tops
4456992This, sold some now, looking to buy more on the correction if it does happen.
Man this coin is insane, organic growth and now just one big pump
There is no "retrace" you stupid nigger.
This isn't a shit coin with no working product that's being speculated on or controlled by whales.This coin has a working product, a hugely accomplished team, support apps, PARTNERSHIPS, and they have announced more partnerships are confirmed and will be announced later this week.Buy now faggot, take your gay TA skills that only apply to shit coins somewhere else.
well, eth x40 over around 90 days.
What's going on?
I dropped $50 just to see what would happen a week ago and now I'm bummed out I didn't invest more.
No shit.
Though ETH had a 16 month wait from ICO before being traded, then was consolidated between 8 - 12 dollars for a year before it went higher.
Comparing ETH and POWR price movements is fucking retarded
hurrr durrr things are not exactly how they were before u must be wrungggshut up faggot.
it's called an adaptive market.
kill yourself.
However, Shitcoin pumps are nothing new.
But this time its different..... r-right guys?
will LINK make this coin obsolete too?
:3
just because the shitcoin speculative trash on this board does this does not mean a coin with functioning use, functioning team, functioning software and funding will as well.
You retards are going to cry when this gets PBC and in q3 2018 ill be living on an island powered by POWR
I am literally ejaculating right now.
Where y'all niggas putting your buy orders for the dip?
power problem
Idk, how low u think itll go?
Bought very early but FOMO rn cuz invested only very little :(
4457173>However, Shitcoin pumps are nothing new.
But this time its different..... r-right guys?Yes, this is in fact different from a random pump of a shitcoin with no real world application and no major corporate partnerships.
Someone obviously doesn't want to make money.
Someone obviously didn't buy in and now wants to FUD and is very salty investor, what a fucking failure
"shitcoin" means a coin that has no working product, some autistic team full of nobodies, and ride pumps and dumps off announcements that never amount to anything.
You can make a lot off these if you are smart.Coins like power, which had a working product upon release, partnership (like with Origin, AU's largest energy provider) upon release, had talks with Elon Musk (confirmed), and much more, cannot really be considered "shit coins".
If Powr is a shit coin then what isn't a shit coin in your eyes?I've made 1.7MM off crypto in 7 months, even if power dies completely I'd be fine, but it won't because it's the first solid project I've seen in the crypto sphere since Neo.Kill yourself poor faggot.
You clearly hate money because you hate yourself and you don't want others to succeed, the best solution is suicide with a shot gun you niglet.
Yeah wait for the dip, but don't get too ninja like with your trades, because this thing is going to zoom past a dollar before you know it, so any entry point right now is great.
I wouldn't even try to be taking any profit right now.
I would just buy more when it dips instead of trying to time the dips.
Price predictions?
How much should I throw into this and when can I expect the pumping to stop.
+
$1 probably by January
6k sats smashed on trex
a dollar?
wtf, niggado you really think it's going to go on a continuous x20 run after already having done nearly x10 in twice as many days?that's a growth rate of over %12 per day compounding,and you're telling people to hop on in because we're still gonna x2 from our current value?might want to step back and readjust what normal returns look like in crypto after you take profit, always good to do so after an unexpectedly large win shifts your point of view
https://medium.com/power-ledger/power-ledger-founders-ama-transcript-9b147521de4dConfirmed, Elon Musk great exagerrated on forums lolz
I dont think you know how to multiply
so all this pump is a mediatic scam, Elon was never in
POWR is still going up!
Don't miss out on the rocket!
4457284Australia does not invest in nor use renewable energy like solar, this coin is literally a meme for now.
Also, a corporate partnership is not going to prevent whales from dumping at their target prices.
ive sold, too much resistance at 6k sats and its already pumped 10x, im exteremly wary of the PBC pick tomorrow, if its not powr its going to dump hardbe careful people
x20 from the start of run (as a continuation of the current run using the same starting point), that means a x2 from current point (after having already x10), i did round $0.47 to $0.5 so sue mealso, they don't plan on even using power token, they say their network is going to use a token called "sparks" to run the exchange network
Why is this coin not a shit coin?
Seems like another case of blockchain being applied where it doesn't necessarily belong.The roadmap won't even have a product until 2019.
This product is gonna fuckin tank guys, get out NOW.And srs, how will something like LINK not make this shit obsolete?PBC picks tomorrow?
FUCK what if it's LINK?
I HAVE to finish filling my bags TONIGHT.
CKI, the Hong Kong conglomerate own Australian electricty.POWR has no deal with the real players.3 month trial with origin - over shilled.small 8 mill project in Freemantle (Population: zero).Australia govt fucks up everything, refer to our National Broadband project.
I bought my first under 2k... Really kicking myself for not getting more myself.
I have my lowest order at 5300 but I'd be shocked if it triggered.
Not sure when the dip is coming but it's definitely happening.
This pump is way too steep
Big T
No dip coming.
Dips are for shit coins with no working product that rely on fake hype for moons which is why dips occur after.No, this one is going straight to saturn you fucks.
It's not a government project you spastic cunt.
You have been FUDing using that argument for over 4 days.
All it shows is that the project is supported by a G20 government and will make it much easier for others players to justify getting onboard
W E G U C C IBUY NOW FOR GUARANTEED LAMBOS.
PLURAL.
thanks just bought 100k
Too late for this one is it lads?
You guys, this coin has no value, it is only being used to raise capital, it says so on the site itself.
SPARKS it what will have value, you fucking mongoloids.
yes
L0l absolutely braindead.
The value of both are connected
funny how this coin is so overvalued.
I mean i regret not taking advantage of the rise, but i cant wait for the pink wojak.
S I T T I N G P R E T T Y
It is ATH right now.
Can it keep mooning?
i don't want to FOMO but damn should have bought this days ago when it was being shilled
I'm in right now and I don't even know what to do.
Earlier when it still had large dips I was playing those to increase my holding but should I just hodl now?
I don't know when I'll be able to buy back in.
Hodl, big dips are over, pbc is tomorrow
This shit is hitting some real resistance right now.
I just dropped my bags while the gettin's good.
dear anon, let me spell it out for you.>BUY LOW, SELL HIGH>BUY THE DIP>DON'T TRADE WITH YOUR EMOTIONS>PROFIT ONLY EXISTS ONCE YOU CASH OUTbetter to have missed an opportunity than to fuck up and take a big lossyou're going to start to get worried about where the top is.it's almost impossible to call the top on movements like this,the best thing is to stagger your sell orders, sell about 1/3 of your position at each point you start to get nervous/ sweaty palms, and remember that "hypothetical gain" is a figment of your imagination and due to greed, and be happy with the actualized profit that you took
I've been thinking this the last few days and it has only gone up anon.
But I will wait for the dip.
yep expecting a dip soon then ill buy back in
do you think even the great egghead teeka would tell people to go in after a 20 day x10 run?
nah senpai, he'll say to wait for the dip and buy then, IF power is the pick,I doubt he, or even a P&D shill would delay the pbc issue and sit back and watch half a x10 run up without putting out an emergency buy notification like he did with xlm
good for you,it's hard to resist temptation/your emotion but that is exactly what you need to avoid getting justed long term.in the mean time, what you can do is try and figure out how/why you missed the signals, and learn to look for similar signals in future investments, whether it be keep out a better eye for new projects, analyzing fundamentals, or just doing research after you hear about it once.my best move was taking a look at xlm the first time someone mentioned it on biz with some decent info.
bought within a day, and it's been my most profitable investment, and I've been adding to my stack ever since
I'm not allowed to have nice things.
I'm sitting on 75 POWR (I know, shut up) after selling about 30 earlier today.
Because I'm a poorfag trading lunch money I'm using the Ethereum pair.
I've got orders set up for 10 at 148k, 10 at 178k and one for shiggles for 23 at 219k (3x) with the rest to hold.
Not sure if I'm being greedy or stupid.
Doesn't sound like this is going to be the pick to me.
Will it dump anons?
I have 11 powr tokens am i gonna make it?
I'm gonna buy the massive dip that's about to happen
U might be dissapointed cause it wont stop
massive correction incoming
Oh fuggg 50 cents
damwhy is it pumping?>
Explain then, for your own fucking good, man.
I'm here to help, honestly.
GTFO of this.
POWR going to the MOON!
$2
7k sats coming soon :)
Keep accumulating.
Will cross 1$ before dec end.
Not really wanting to buy at ATH though
Holy shit .55c I fucked up
Everyone says that about BTC as well:)
i fucking sold at 5k sats.
Would of fucking made another 40k$ if i hadn't pulled out.
This will go to $1 within the week at this volume rate.
at what price would you consider rebuying?
jesus fucking christ bittrex is laggy as fuck cant even pull my orders
thank god I thought it was only methe delay is un fucking real
My sell orders aren't set high enough!
THEY'RE NOT SET HIGH ENOUGH!
WE'RE GOING TO THE MOON AND BITS OF MY ROCKET ARE FALLING OFF!
this is going to end badly in 3...
NOW
What kind of meme shit is fueling this rocket?
It has a real world application and Australian government funding
4459787>It has a real world application and Australian government fundingPlus David is meeting a huge tech firm in India tomorrow for 400+ microgrid setup!
FUUUUCKCKKKKKKK I FUCKING SOLOD AT 6K SATS, FUCKKK ME JUST BEFORE I FINISHED WORK BECAUSE IT WASNT FUCKING DOING ANYTHING FOR LIKE AN HOUR I WANT TO FUCKING DIE.
COULD HAVE HAD 100% GAINS BUT I SETTELD FOR FUCKIKNG 40%
Mahindra is probably the biggest company in India, this shit might even hit $2 pretty soon
Memes have only mediocre effect on the market.
Once whales are sold memes are obsolete.
Do you know how many people would cut off a body part for 40% gains?
Be happy and rejoice!
Hindsight is 20/20.
Enjoy the dosh and don't beat yourself up too bad.
/biz/ is a supportive board
lool never panic sell, i learnt this the hard way last night
kek I did the same shit yesterday, who knew it's gonna triple by the next 24 hours
Ah.
Literally fuck my ass.>powr +80%>go to sleep>wake up and powr +201%>sell>literally 4 minutes later see the huge dumpI love money
buy high sell lowYou fuckers never cease to amaze me.
what exchange sells powr for US?
bittrex
Is it over or are we consolidating?
I am new to crypto.
I have 2 eth and 3 ltc on coinbase and i dont know how to use a wallet yet.
I am a broke student just trying to get gains .
It'll bleed for a bit first
It's on the move again fag better buy back in.
You have no long term vision which is why you'll always be a bottom feeding drain on the crypto economy.
again
5 min chart looks like it wants to rise again
I will but it if you get me back my 0.03 BTC I lost on LINK
So.. What do you think this companies Market Cap is going to be?It has 350m Circulating supply and 1bn Total..
Which is almost the same as EOS, which is 2$, even though his path was way longer to 2$.I think this might actually be worth around 5$ in near future, but not more for now.