Modum looks promising and I want to throw some money at it... can anyone give me any reason why not to buy it?
Should I invest in WTC instead?
>archive>ctrl+f>modumsage
Lower market cap, excellent team that even attends conferences, physical product, 48+ companies already signed up, annual dividendsEverything about it is extremely professional and this is a huge undervalued coin at the moment.
Has wayy more growth potential left than WTC.
Please buy WTC and stop posting about this coin.
I need more time to accumulate and not getting paid till end of this month.
The token has 0 utility besides voting and dividends.
It's not even really crypto.
Modum is a security and a "token" is basically a share in the company.
Does the technology even have anything to do with blockchain even?
Are they just trying to cash in on the crypto fad?
I actually got in around $1.50 and am waiting for $3.00 to cash out.
It has potential but I don't see it as a long hold.
modum is a fucking thermometer buy AMB instead
Those arguments are proved wrong every single thread and every day on reddit.
Basically you're right but it doesn't mean the token has no value and can't grow a lot.They use blockchain tech to prove authenticity of data but that's not the point.They share dividends, like 99% of big companies, they use the profit they make to pay holders, so it becomes valuable and their share (30% of total supply in 2020) gets value too.Zuckerberg is not a billionaire because he took the profit from facebook, he gave it to shareholders, making the shares valuable, and sold them slowly.It's the best system investors and companies found.
Instead of needing some stupid token (meaning you need bitcoins first, then trade on an exchange), customers use their own fiat currency, and Modum buys ETH every 3 month.
Thermometer that can prove the drugs were shipped following EU regulations.
Their first market is 60% of drug shipping that doesn't actually needs fucking freeze trucks but are actually using them, costing a fortune for nothing.When the product is adopted, it's way easier to add other sensors and find new customers, it's actually in the roadmap and they can't access their coins before they diversified.AMB has triple the marketcap, less % of coins in circulation and nothing working before 2019.
this guy gets itMOD was a great pump orchestrated by the same whales that did WTC, except it turned out that WTC is actually legit so they crashed it to accumulate
This t bh; when will the FUDDERS learn?
Pajeets don't realize insurance pays for medicine.
Insurance loves audibility MOD is gold