Fat finger autistic fuck up>Two nights ago I stayed up late to talk to e-thots on discord>browsed /biz/ b4 bed was really really sleepy>Make a bid for 82 RCN @ .312 ETH >go to sleep>Wake up late with 20 minutes to get to work>browse exchange quickly to see RCN go up by a bit>ez gains ez life>put sell order >go to work happy af>Come hope with dick in hand ready to beat the foreskin off to my small ez gains>Look at wallet to see .041 in eth in wallet>wat?>Looked to see I fat fingered an extra 0 AND sold for less SATs>Lost 20% of my portfolio because im only working with $500 in crypto>Never felt this sad before>Emotional wreck so I go balls heavy in HST and EPY with no money left for other cryptosThis is my portfolio in crypto, will I recover from this fuck up /biz/?
Ark 22 , VTC 32, HST, EPY, ETH .000882028, BAY, RKC, SNT, SYS, BAT, MUE , XLM
How about this OP?
This was me trading Mana the night it hit Bittrex.
im yet to do this, but at some point its gonna happen.
thank your lucky stars that you got off lightly, some poor fucker on /biz/ got JUSTed real hard a few months ago when ED was starting to get popular on this board
#rekt
Have you been successful trading despite this incident?
Here's another one of my best mistakes.
Don't be like me guys, seriously.
4388114jesus fucking christ can I please help you?I teach people how to day trade
I went from 49btc to 4 now.
I really need help.
My last photo here  was DGB
If you give me 0.05 BTC you'll gain good karma and never get JUSTed again...please I'm so fucking poor1L1FfTwr99f2ySfvXJnPGduPP7JqpkE3nX
pretty please?
that's nothing.
i've seen a 500+ ETH mistake before.
jonathanflower#5056
How did you get 49 btc in the place?
How much fiat did you spend on it?
slimecord2#5167
I went all in on ETH at $50 with like 18K and sold around $340 or something.
I also bought 1btc at $900 Then proceeded to trade a lot of alt coins.
And now I'm at 4.4 btc.
>tfw sold 3000 ans during the rebranding conference because it looked like a distaster
Man, I hate you.
I'm a fucking poorfag I started with 50$ I'm now up to 8100$ and 1.10-5 BTCIf I wasn't a fucking 19yo poorfag student and if I had 49 BTC I would have been fucking rich.
How the fuck did you lost 45 BTC ?
Sooo no free money for me?
Ouch.
Well you still have like 31959.42$ right now.
Its more than the majority of people here will ever see in their entire life ))
And what trade ended up capping you in the knees?
well if I would have known that BTC was going to 7K I would have never bought the alts but who would have known?
I constantly regret it and I lose sleep sometimes.thank you that makes me feel a little better, but i still would have had like 400K or something, instead of a measly 32Khopefully the btc goes to a million dollars and i won't feel so bad.
not exactly a JUSTing but it looks hilarious
Yes right now bitbay is treating me kindly.
I got in GRS at 4k sats sold at 17k VTC at 37k (hodling for a bit)RKC was 18k when I got in, its at 26k nowIve had only two major fuck ups at that was losing half my GRS profit by selling for 12k sats when I bought in for 16k(first ever time FOMOing, lesson learned) and this little RCN ordeal.
Sold most of shitcoins i had b4 because VTC/RKC just evened it out for me.
hey anon it's me again.
give me my fucking money
bought 50 bitcoin at $110 and sold it at 300
Bancor really fucked me up.
I had a load of these cunts all the way from July12th.
Kept on buying and buying and buying until I couldn't take it anymore.
DON'T TRUST THE JEWS WITH ANYTHING EVER GUYS
still trying to recover from this one
To add I also bought like 300 something NMR at like $110, but I can't find that in my orders for some reason.
do they dissapear off Bittrex?
Does anybody have losses like me?
Or am I the biggest loser on /biz/?????
sold for $10 in 2016
I had loss's like you initially, but I was only playing with small amounts (250 to start) so it wasnt a crushing mega loss when I fucked up.
I ended up buying Monaco at that massive ATH for my first buy, I think it was $23 that I bought it at and it immediately tanked.
After clawing a $100 dollars back I got spanked on edgeless and lost another 65%.
I quit for a while, but within the last month or so I turned the 50 I was left with into 650 so now Im feeling fairly comfortable in tossing some hefty sums in.
I have never lost big -lost money I actually had but then pissed away- on crypto or regular stocks.
My JUST moments are all opportunities I thought had potential but didn't take for whatever reason.
For instance I should have doubled down hard on Canadian marijuana on the dip this summer and didn't.
Could have made.... fug, I don't want to do the math but it's five digits for sure.
I was also too conservative on crypto and got in too late but I don't consider that a mistake given the volatility.
too easy to fuck up on ED what a piece of shit
I don't feel as bad anymore.
I went from 14 to 9.5 BTC due to trading mistakes.
The one smart thing I did was consolidate to all BTC before the first fork.
If I stopped right there, I'd be at 100k+ instead of 69k.
Any of you ever consider pulling out a large amount of your investment and dumping it into a huge mining rig?
The return is 100% in 6 months, and then after that its all gravy.
I tried to do extreme damage control in the POWR pump the other day after accidentally deleting a 0 and thinking I bought at a much higher price than actually went through and trying to ride the wave to make back my losses, ended up bag holding ATH.
4388167You help people new to trading?
Any one that advertise on /biz/ is someone you should take with a grain of salt.All they want is someone to help pump and buy their bags.Good groups don't advertise on /biz/
Figured, thanks anon