Is there a way to get rid of these pajeets currying up this board?
lets burn Tradesatoshi
Sieg heil brother!
b
not realizing where swastika comes fromwho is Chandra Bose anyway?pajeets must stay in their shithole though, thats still true.
Heil Hitler!
Just ban link threads

who are you, hulk hogan?
we had a petition to ban indian IPs
did it go through?
clearly it has not, we wanted flags too but hasn't happened.
i'm actually suspicious it's the pajeets themselves calling for flags, they become more powerful with a burger boxy
We need god damn flags.
no
put up a paywall and watch these rats scurry back into their shitting streets
You got it all wrong /bizPajets are arian raceAnd they been in crypto before any of us
/bizname my band and earn 1 BitcoinZ BTCZ

Oh, hi again, /pol/
Look at my god damn double trips
wew almost got a quadtrip there.
lets wait for 
4444154
THATS THE SIGN.
BUY ETHEREUM.
WE GONNA MOON LADS
Require H1B1 visa applicants demonstrate use of toilet.Problem solved.
try getting rid of the Jews first.
yeah just buy nuls
Yes dear you can buy the esper on yobit
Thank the good investing
/biz/ is a pajeet forum
go eth
GIVE US COUNTRY FLAGS
Esper is best one
sirs pls,my name abdesh, I like to chat to gurls on facebook and play tricks on people in biz.
My uncle loan me VPN and am making money on scams.lots of love,abdesh
P.S we not only shit in the street but also piss.
Anyone else notice that at night through the morning there are 3-5 threads about "making or finding btc" and them giving it away.
its werid how every night these threads are spammed and there are always people posting wallet addresses in them.
Get in here and ask for country flags>>>/qa/1719403kek
oh god, the cringe
Unironically, pajeets are becoming a problem on /biz/.
Their poverty and street shitting status makes them desperate, so they scam.
I'd have felt sorry for them if they didn't try to scam us so often and so cruelly, pic related.
funny enough, pajeets like hitlerpost pics of clean toilets, instead
The swastika is an ancient holy symbol of peace that some failed artist stole to put on his gay flag without properly understanding the meaning first.
hitler was a meth tweaking faggot and so are you, off yourself please
Sieg Heil
This anon got it right.
Clean things scare off pajeets, especially clean toilets
Sieg Heil
Jewish bankers sell out Germany in WW1 to get Palestine.>Buy up all of Germany during hyperinflation.>Tried to control Germany through news mediac control (sound familiar?
).> Get pissed off when Germans try to kill them.
Yeah sounds totally unfounded.
im indian but not from india do i still have to kill myself?
Post a jailbait link and they will go away
ArianChrist almighty
keked