>everything's mooning WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON
BTC is propped up on tethers while whales cash out in the 7k's.
Then we crash to 4k.
With a possible Bitfinex exit scheme.
Be careful out there.
Get in on the $NULS ship lads
??????
spoofy
Where the fuck in the world are you anon?
Are you crypto or not, this moon is so this afternoon, pay attention.
Lol so much bitfinex fud.
I wonder if it's the same two or three people
I fell asleep
wtf is a tether
facepalm
I've been trying not to check CMC or /biz/ because kept getting JUST'D by my LINKNow i found out LINK mooned, but now crashed again....and sg2x is cancelled?
I thought this fork would save me
no srs pls tell me
Go home, kid.
You're broke
Buy BitBean.
Good cause I need a fucking buy-in point
I DON'T KNOW BUT IT'S SERIOUSLY FREAKING ME OUT
I was like you until one week ago so dont feel bad
sleep>cryptochoose one.
lose one.
Join our collaborated pump Channel on telegram where we discuss what coin we will pump next.
We have 5 million to pump with.
I am giving away the Palm Beach confidential on November 16th.
t.me/joinchat/GlRSG0Po444c7gw8rld96wI'll see you there
buy nuls before you miss your last clean shot!
HOLY FUCK!
This dip is a gift from kek
everything except rcn :( wheres the promises?
we're the late majority
should've followed the first rule anonalways do the opposite of what biz says
Seriously.WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?
WE SHOULD LIQUIDATE BEFORE IT PLUMMETS AGAIN!!!
fuck.
so true
Bitch please if anything we are in the middle of the early majority.
Not for Bitcoin faggot.
(it's not and you should be very worried about it)
Red weekend coming up.
This shit is sketchy as fuck.Who else is freaked out by this this shit?
Just buy LTC or DOGE when you need sleep.
I feel pretty comfy know i wont lose any money unless the whole damn thing comes down.
Don't be.
The market cap is still at 207 billion and BTC is still 7400.
Your alts are safer than ever and your gains are just the piss change left over from flooding solid coins.
lurk moar
Tethers are coins that can be created out of thin air, without actual money backing it, and directly pump the BTC price.
kek we're still in the 2% phase you faggot
Whales accumulate USDT.
BTC price drops, therefore alt price in btc risesThe market is loosing in momentumGet your shit out
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Tethers, also known as "Bitcoin Cash", are bitcoins backed by actual cash e.g.
United States Dollars.
stop trolling kek