Where the hell can we dump this trash coin?
Their crappy countdown has passed, so livenet is live...... What exchange will be the first to open the wallet, bitches?
Vertcoin still better
Please read.
> where the hell can we dump this trash coin
She is clearly not asian
You can't.You can only trade btg futures
Well, yes, at the moment.. but they're now live so I am awaiting an exchange to list the wallet..
Vertcoin ftw!
lmfao you got dumped on!this is a piece of shit scam coin
well, you're the dumbass because it was an airdrop.
Did you guys get your BTG on an exchange or did you use your BTC private key in a wallet?
If a wallet, which wallet did you use?
It takes time for exchanges to set up wallets and add pairs.I reckon yobit or cryptopia will be the first to implement it.Have you got BTG yet?
If so, how?
https://btgblocks.com/WHY 0 BLOCKS after 2 HOURS ?
WHEN IS BLOCK 491407 COMING?WHATS UR HARDWARE AND HOW MANY SOLS?
(r9 280x 300 sol/second claymore btg amd)
sup mate, I have a gtx 960 and I have solid 153 Sol/s… still waiting for the block.
Sup bka, i have a r9 280x and i have solid 302 sols/sec but it shows as h/sec ;(
hi Kim, I will start to believe if I see $$$$ in my wallet, until then it's susp, but I will still mine, because you can never know
ok
I had BTC at time of snapshot - so I have BTG now, confirmed on BTGold website :)
Didnt the bch pump teach you anything?
dont sell fork coins until its being pumped.
what do u mean by pumped?
i've been on this board for less than 10 minutes and i know what he means
;( boohoo tell me then.bitcoingold.org just updated and it says this: Public mining will be available at block height 499407but below that it says: CHECK YOUR ADDRESS BALANCE BEFORE BLOCK 491407these are 2 different blocks.
right now we are at block 491406, and apparently "public" mining begins at 499407
so it will happen soon™, I am fucking hyped!
it should happen now already.
give it some time to update and hopefully we see some results soon
mcxnow all over again?
I've been here since 2010 boyo, but thanks for the opinion.
Does this shitcoin work already, I can't sweep my paperwallets.
(emptied from BTC/BCH)