Multiple sell walls has been put up the past 24 hours, but they are getting eaten up like CAKE... ARK is going 2x or more RIGHT NOW..
Check the 1 year chart.
Seems like people are buying in before release of mobile wallets.
Which is huge.
I'm pretty much all in ARK, but even if I wasn't, I would definitely pick some up.
Easy gains
the mobile wallet better be sexy
>mobile wallet>hugeYeah right.
I know a few friends of mine who would LOVE to hold Ark, but can't because aren't tech savvy and don't know how to set it up on a computer.
All they use is a phone.
2 guys from my work place are gonna buy some and hold in the mobile wallets once it's released.
If it's HALF as sexy as the desktop wallet, you can be sure as FUCK that people are gonna use it, and the hype will be big for this one.
hope it does, 30% of my holdings are ark
Nice.. How many you holding?
Just curious
Hello IRS
Easy gains he says, we're all gonna make it and all that good stuff.
I'll sit on the sidelines and eat popcorn once again.
, I'm small time
Pfft, I only have 53 in holding so I can use the faucet.
Actually rolled a 9997 not too long ago and added another one.All my holdings are in NEO, ETH, BCC, and memecoins.
The rest of mine is ETH and BTC.
I'm playing it mostly safe :)
It's been bouncing between $3.20 and $3.30 which has been annoying me.
Hope the mobile wallets create a new floor at $5.
Tons of people only use their phones/tablets, so it'll be a great addition.
If you want a safe 10x by January next year, you should buy POSW right now.
Masternodes coming very soon.
There's no such thing as a safe x10.
If it was that easy, everyone would be rich.
Don't just throw around buzz words and expect people to buy into a project due to "fundamentals"As for this thread, it's an ARK thread.
So, less not detail that.
Stop with the POSW shilling.
It's a Yobit-tier shitcoin, the head dev (who is anonymous btw) made fucking bitbean
Bitbean is the future.
Those memes were amazing.
Actually the lead dev of POSW (who has a PHD from a well known USA University and doxxed himself before Poswallet got huge) just made bitbeanpool, a pre-poswallet shared staking pool for just BITB, do your fucking research faggot.
also... buy ARK er'y day bruhs
Great, now I can stake my worthless shitcoins in my Piece of Shit Wallet
kek
Playing it safe with ETH, I guess you haven't heard the news, unicorn autist came out pro fucking with little kids.
POSW has a shit staking set up you need to pay to get good % and advertising in there online wallet.
Its cheap and will rise but it's shit
How the fuck would they know what ark is
It was written right there on your shorts, duh.
Trust me.
You can get away with that stuff for 30 years.
I've got ETH locked in too.
They have already set a really high standard with the desktop wallet and I know they wont let us down.