eth will be $8k relatively soon, ill give you the quick rundown... x20 increase in value in 6 months ~$20 bunced off 38% fib retrace line>went sideways next 6 months till eoythen right after that x20 increase in value for 6 months ~$400 bounced off 38% fib retrace line>went sideways next 6 months till eoythen right after that x20 increase in value for 6 months ~$8000 bounced off 38% rib retrace line>went sideways next 6 months till eoythen right after that x20 increase in value for 6 months ~$160000 bounced off 38% rib retrace line>went sideways next 6 months till eoyClearly the pattern is unsustainable -BUT- I think we can reach into the thousands before a new pattern starts forming.
ETH will never be worth that much because I can't be a millionaire.
Ah, we already at the "deluded price predictions" stage in this late night?
Why not 100k$?
I WANT TO BELIEVE
he fell for the Elliot wave memeEnjoy people frontrunning morons like you
it all depends on how fast the money printing machines by the central banks can operate.
here is the ascending triangle and where I think it will breakout at based off that descending trendline and the 2/3 ascending triangle rule
What in Gods name does that even mean?
Clearly the pattern is unsustainable -BUT- I think we can reach into the thousands before a new pattern starts forming.did u even read what I said retard, I understand a moneylet nocoiner like u probably doesnt have the concentration to read a paragraph of text so ill explain it to you again.
I DONT THINK IT WILL BE AT 160k IN 2 YEARS ITS JUST THE PATTERNS PROJECTION.
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/ascendingtriangle.aspan ascending triangle breaks out on the third time it hits the top and 2/3rds of the tops length.
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/ascendingtriangle.aspThat makes some sense I guess.
God this shit is like a Jew science.
As soon as Casper is announced a release date, im pumping this coin to the moon myself, because when it is actually released, this rocket will go from to the moon to fucking jupiter.
I dumped most of mine at about $350, I might buy back in.
Should I even bother with Litecoin?
I want to buy one or two just for the fuck of it.
ltc will go up over time but not as much as eth
Litecoin was a copycoin that was easier to mine when Sha-256 ASICs came out.
It served as a backup for bitcoin during periods of congestion but the truth is there is nothing inspiring about this coin.
The community has always been special needs-tier, I thought it would be gone by now.
The fact that it should means that it wontCrypto never follows logic
bingo, I remember mining it back in 2011 cuz my crappy gpu could
Well, if it doesn't, Ethereum has been so stable that I don't see how that update can bring the price down, and, if it does, not significantly, meaning that if it's a bust, you can just cash in with very little loss and return to buying Bitcoin.
The low risk is quite worth the big reward.
the thing about POS casper is that it could break a few months in and tank the price... but it could work and shoot up, the price will shoot up since POS will mean no more new ether are being created and POS will increase the speed and make transactions faster+cheaper
it could breakBut thats really unlikely
The main thing that will raise ETH prices post POS is that people will be putting their ETH towards staking, reducing the amount of liquid ETH substantially.
So people have to buy more ETH to keep staking?That's actually quite clever, it's a self sufficient system.
Is the reward for those that staked correctly the collective amount staked or is it a fixed ETH amount?
I left ETH when it was in 300 limbo, but man would I love to hop back in if BTC keeps being a shit like this.
I agree with your TA but people are going to be spending money on gifts and shit in december
This is as retarded as believing a movie release is going to bring down price
get a load of this naive hillbilly.
the eth market isn't driven by "people".
Who is in crypto doesnt spend money in anything else except crytpo.
So basically get into ETH in the last dip after December starts
i agree with op
Bullshit.
ETH will break $1000 but BTC will be between 10 to 20K by then.
The only advantage is staking - you'll literally pay yourself interest.
Incredible times we live in bros
Where should I go to read up about this?
I dont fully understand it.
Mind explaining how staking works?I know you basically have to use a certain amount of eth to vote on a block, and if you're right you get some of the fees and new eth.What I don't get though, is which eth is tied up, and when can you send that to other addresses?
(or how long does it take you to get it back)
fuck your TA bullshitETH will moon when casper is released.The FOMO will be amazing.top tip - accumulate NOW.
Oh shit haha my good mate has 3k in LTC and he was like "I'm telling you man, this coin.
It's going places" idk what to believe anymore!
For Ethereum they (Vitalik and Vlad) didn't decide on that yet.
The first staking implementation was in Blackcoin, you could remove your coins at will, and the size of reward paid out was proportional to the time you left it in and the amount of coins you had in your wallet.
For Ethereum the staked coins will likely be locked in for some period of time and you will not be able to remove them at will, otherwise their sharding scheme won't work.
Google "casper protocol" for the nitty gritty details.
What excites me is the potential to pay yourself a salary in perpetuity without touching the principal.
Google Ethereum Casper Protocol, there'll be a github page describing that.
If you want to go deep, google "Ethereum Research github", there is a lot of code and math and unsolved problems.
Vitalik will pay you Ether if you manage to solve those!!
I agree, when I got what staking meant it blew my mind.
When this hits normiedom there'll be a scramble to get the coins, but then who the fuck would part with their coins unless absolutely needed since they'll be busy at work minting you new money.
The supply will contract significantly.
Check/Cash lady: Why not make it a cool million?Semi: Do you not think that will be too much?
update