Will it hold, Will it go up?
or its going down?
When is the time to dump the bags ?
I'd consider you a brave man if you dump your bags now when the conference is still 2 days away.
Have you not learned your lesson before?
It's gonna dump just like all the "we are going to post news in a while"-pumps.
Still holding though, NEO is long term for me.
How often do they not dump?
4428920They call the linkies deluded for thinking Swift will partner will LINK.
But this delusion is on another level.
They actually expect NEO to be the "official" Chinese smart contract platform of the government lmao.Its quite obvious that this announcement is a dapp contest co-sponsored by Microsoft.
Damm... its going to moon like crazy... i just saw a pump and bought early...
I don't really know whats going on with NEO.Thank you very much for your answers mate.
Of course I'll hold them (at least for the next 2 days).
eat shit faggot
This.
I am afraid to sell even though im up 80% because I have learned from past mistakes.
This will keep mooning until conference.NEO HAS NEVER SHILLED NEWS BEFORE GUYS ITS GOING TO BE FUCKING HUUUUUGEEE
dumping at 150$ no matter what the news is and the time it takes
Honestly this.
Between this and the fact that the Government specifically spoke with them before the ICO ban, and they just spoke again a day ago, I'm afraid the hype is legit this time and Im scared to sell and miss out on the only possibility for me to make it.
The risk reward here is roughly 1:3.
I don't think there is anyway it will go beyond $100.
I am more conservative with my guess at around $80.
If the news is a bust then I can see it falling back to it's holding position around $30.
Dump what ?
https://rmbtheory.com/china-allowing-icos-neo/HOLD.
HOLD.
HOLD
theory
In 2 days it will either make it or break it.
If neo is the official ico platform of China, expect 5xIf all this hype is built up for nothing, expect a 50% dumpNeo isn't omisego hyping so it's prob huge
Just do a stop-loss, man
I'm in both, so stfu.
This  is the fucking NEO news.
This.
If there was actually notable news, these fucks would drop the news instead of announcing that an announcement is coming.
Some people never learn.
if it even gets a sniff at $80 sell itits great and a long term monster but its not shit yet, the hype it gets on pumps is stupid