Anyone here working at Google?
Or worked there before?
Or knows people that work for Google?Is it a meme?How tough was the application process?
I know a family friend who works at Google, recommended me to Google hiring team for software engineering internship especially with my past experienceone week later I got a rejection letter.
Fuck Google.
I was a software engineer intern at Google this past summerThe free food is fantastic, the work is work.Needles to say I didn't get a return offer, but will be starting at Facebook full time next year and they pay more than Google so I dont give a fuck
nice.
applied for an internship in 2018. how long does it take them to review my application, do you still remember the application process by any chance?
Should've used firefox + VPN for you are porn habits, anon.
Google knows everything.
GF has worked at google for the apst 2 years.
The food is class, they have shit liek yoga and all that crap too.The culture is weird af though.
Like so fucking strange.
I dont have FB, snpachat, insta, etc.
and her coworkers were AMAZED at that.
Its a real false feeling, like everyone is falsely happy.
SOme cool people in it though too obviously.
Cool dutch software engineer who smokes a fuck tonne of weed haha
I wrote 3000 word essay why they should hire me, once I hit enter, google gave me some random links.
Dunno if they got my letter.
I don't remember how long it took, but they will definitely respond even if its a no, most companies just go silent on you.Yes, I had an HR phone screen, then 2 back to back 50 min technical phone interviews were they make you solve algorithm problems on google docs.
Then I got called back for a 3rd technical interview because they were on the fence about me, I did really well in the 3rd one and got the gig
Made it to final rounds for SWE.It's just too fucking hard.Fuck Google.
kike/shitskin detected
4273860What questions did they ask?
lol pol is truly patheticthe hr phone screen was just behavioral stuff, tell me about a time you felt challenged and bullshit like thatthe technical interviews were algo problemsfind the kth largest element in a stream of numbers, find the mean of numbers given a sliding window of size n and an input streamexplain runtime/memory trade offs between different implementationsshit like that
System design.
Run me through how you would create google reverse image search, tinyurl, Netflix.DS&A.
Given a list of strings, return the largest sublist where none of the strings share any characters.
Given a string of 1's, 0's, and ?
's where the ?
's can be 1's or 0's., return a list of strings of all the possible permutations of that string.
Talk about your algorithms, worst case.
4274048interesting, thanks.
seems 57 got harder questions than 48.
oops, I got that backwards