Will Chainlink be a top 5 coin by next year?
I have only 3 grand to invest and I want to become a megamillionaire like early BTC holders and mETHheads.What are the chances it goes on a massive bullrun like ETH did from March to June next year?
grand gets you 20,000 link almost.
You will most definitely make it.
This time next year you'd have $20,000-$100,000.
The biggest risk for us link holders is to sell early around then.
Try to think the unfathomable heights this would be in like 2025.
No reason to hold anything else desu.
Just straight up rocket ship.
I hope that we're all going to make it.
We're all gonna make it brahs.
4528819Not OK but thanks, just bought half a bitcoin worth of LINK (about $4300 worth) I will enjoy my lambo in a year.
How to buy chainlink,I only know od buying throufh coinbase and you have btc, eth and ltc only there....
did you mean to say "not OP"?
this is what happens when you phonepost with autocorrect on my friendbinance or etherdelta.
binance is simpler and less likely to fuck up on
Can you believe that people actually believe stuff like this?It makes me realize how low the average 'investors' IQ really is.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the Mayo Clinic.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
i dont believe it, i know it.
you realize how long a yr is, and how most their roadmap is for 2018?
I have 340 link.
Is that enough to maybe buy a car?
BTS
BTS or link
A cheap, used car off of craiglists, yes.
why wont you buy any
minimum 5k LINKS to have enough to flex, 10k to possibly make it.
Some of us neets are buying our estates right now and don't even know it.
OP, believe in the meme magic.4527999
you idiot, get 10k link minimum, CHARGE ON CREDIT IF YOU MUST
Ok I’m buying 11k link tonight
don't be a fucking retard credit is for cunts