my grandfather died and I inherited about $60,000 worth of silvershould I just sell it?
Hell yeah
You should melt it into a silver dildo and then fuck your asshole while staring at a picture of him.
If you can live the way you want already, keep it as value increases.
If your life sucks and you aren't free due to financial reasons then sell it.
Maybe put some of your proceeds into long term crypto, play the Forex waves or stocks.
Top kek
Sell it and buy ARN
All in on bitcoinereum cash
Sell it and buy litecoin dumbass
Sell and go all in on LINKYou'd have over 350,000 LINK and by the time it is worth 5 dollars in 2018 you will be a multi millionaire
4448088This.
Sell it for digital silver.
You mean bitcoin silver?
what are some longterm crypto holds?
Eth, XMR, LTC
Anon I will help you for free.Sell it all for USD.
Keep 15% in USD as a comfy emergency fund.
Put 30% towards property if that's in your near future.Use ~10% to max out your IRA if you haven't already done so.Put 25% into crypto preferably BTC, ETH, and XMR.Put 5% in promising alts (not shit coins)Put the rest into a taxable portfolio with Schwab/Vanguard/Fidelity index/mutual funds.If there's no need/want to buy a home split that 30% into taxable investments, crypto, and cash.
op here, I'm going to just contact a jew to figure this out for me
put it all in bitcoin
I am partly jew, does that count?
OP.
I am a full jewWhat this guy posted is very good advice.Source: am jew
terrible advice.
PM prices have gone nowhere for years.
In real terms the value has gone down due to inflation.
Putting money in crypto, stocks, or just about anything else would have yielded far larger returns than PMs sitting there collecting dust.OP, dump that shit and buy bitcoin.
Unless you hate gains and like losing value in real terms, that is.
In that case hold the PM.
LTC, BTC, BCH... and look into XBC (you'll be glad you did)
no
This is honestly really good advice.
Do you work in finance or are you just good with money?
/17.43=3,450.25 oz3,450.25oz/16=215.64lbsWhat does 200lb pile of silver look like op?
this, kek
Genuine good advice
It's a strategic asset.
http://www.roadtoroota.com/public/135.cfmIt's also used in electronics.
It's *the* best conductor.
Diversify and invest in things poised for a moon shot but I say hodl at least some of the silver.
The price won't crash big-time until asteroid mining begins.
When is that going to happen?
In like 2050 or some shit?
How the fuck is there genuine good advice on biz?
And others who recognize it?
Mind blown
ignore this guy put it all in LINK
I'm a sysadmin...but PF is a big hobby of mine.I treat these type of posts as if I were to receive a windfall of this amount.Sure you could put it all in Bitcoin but what happens when it crashed 70% for months on end?
Always diversify and never chase gains.
That's why we have so many pink wojacks here.Plus grandpa would kick your bitch punk ass if he knew you squandered your inheritance being a dumb fuck.Appreciate the compliment.
you have to find the right asteroid too, many of them are not gold or silver rich.