Is there any worse feeling than getting 25% of your entire portfolio liquidated in one foul trade?
yup, seeing your girl getting fucked by a chad...I rather lose 1 BTC than see that..
Yes, getting 26% of your entire portfolio liquidated in one foul trade.
She'll do it behind your back, women are smart like that.
I sold 6k AntShares to buy NMR at ~$160 so that's pretty nauseating to think about.
And I'm not even rich or anything, that was like 90% of my life savings.
I'd take it any day over watching my girl fuck Chad though
whoa ok chad could fuck my "girl" for 6k neo it would be cuckish of you not to at that point
I do a pretty good job not thinking about how much money I theoretically missed out on.
If Chad fucked my girl it would crush me for the rest of my life.
i turned 500 into 1500 in an hour then got liquidated after getting too cockyi think that's worse
I disagree, it was your own fault as you got too greedy.
I'm not trolling, I'm being dead serious after years of experience.Your gf can sense that, that you would be absolutely crushed if she did that, she instinctively knows how needy you are and how weak she makes you.
Women subconsciously do not respect men who are like that.
There's a good chance she will cheat on you, if she hasn't already.
Never rely on a woman, it's an evolutionary trait women have, absolute resentment and no respect for men that rely on their women for happiness.
>any worse feelinghaving your entire portfolio vanish into Mt Gox
Yeah neediness is definitely unattractive.
I read a lot of red pill forums because I'm naturally a huge beta.
But I'm good at hiding it in front of her.
so being retarded and making bad trades is understandable but greed is notokay faggot
I personally don't believe that you can hide these things from women, you can try to act like you don't need her but she can tell, even when she is not consciously aware of it.
Sure I could be wrong and maybe you're doing a good job with your superficial acting.
I doubt it.
My advice to you is to leave her.
You need to develop yourself to have a strong foundation of individuality and not let yourself be controlled by the fear of solitude and loneliness.
I don't expect you to follow my advice at all, just food for thought.
For the record I used to be a pathetic beta as well and I've gone through the advice I'm giving you.
You triplet your money in an hour and you willingly kept risking it lel
>making careful 5% trades>fomo on a pump and dump>some fag takes all my gains