>we are the late adopters
>we are in stage 3
>altcoins are back
>nobody cares about paying $1 fees
>off the chain handjobs
late adopters Is this some kind of joke?
less than 0.1% of this world is in the Crypto market.
Get your act together.
>hurdurr I missed out on btc Yeah, so did I, and I watched it for 5 years without buying any, but I've made my money's worth in other coins.
We're all gonna make it.
if you asked anyone you know what blockchain technology is they would have no fucking idea what you are talking about.
If you asked those same people if they knew what bitcoin was some might say they know what it is because it is a buzzword Barely anyone knows what crypto truly is and even fewer are investing in it right now we are still in the early stages.
God bless
governments won't create fiat crypto in the near future and they'll just let a decentralized system control their wealthlol!
>I repetitively make the same thread over and over thinking my wild generalizations about board culture are funny and somehow indicative about the intellect of the common denominator on an anonymous image board whereas in reality I make these threads to give essence to the pain I feel deep inside from losing money on fictive internet investments of which people are live action role-playing they are earning money with whilst I time after time make the wrong decisions and regret not just putting the money in an index fund which has a meager sub double digit annual return versus potential triple digit percentages in non existent internet money leaving the crux only to my own greed and emotional market behavior
fuck off pajeet.
even my grandma knows bitcoin from the newspapers.
I was in indonesia in a small town and a 19 year old qt suddenly started rambling about bitcoin.
bitcoin hit mainstream months ago and people Who didnt invest likely wont.
and that for a good reason
>we
yes Bitcoin is mainstreamnormies don't know what the fucking blockchain is or how much potential it has yet
This.
I missed out on the LTC train hard as fuck as i literally mined a bunch and blew them all when they were worth pennies.
But I got my shit together and made bank off of dogecoin in that epic first pump.
You will ride a nice wave if you expose yourself fully to the Chikun.
if you're gonna try and troll meme me at least make me lol
feel better you got that off your chest?