There are a lot of students on this board.
Is anyone worried about the house's bill raising taxes on graduate students?
Or do you think it's a good idea?https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/15/us/politics/house-tax-bill-higher-education-increases-tuition.html
Lol uncle Donald is turning the US into a cesspool of ignorance.
God bless America
sorry man I live in a country that gives incentives for students instead of milking them dry
Dropping out of grad school if this passes.
I can't afford to pay taxes on my tuition waiver.
>Tax breaks on rich>Fuck over people in school so they can't continueI'm onto your game you fuckers
HAHAHa make it harder for whitey to get an advanced degree.
Jews and brown people win again.
nytimes>unbiased dur reportingpls lmao.
might as well be posting a wapo or buzzfeed articleif it passed, it would pop the student loan bubble all by itselfthe chance that this passes as-is is about 0%
4413117How are tuition waivers not income?
It should be taxable.
Because grad students make like 20k a year pre-tax and waivers could be 3x that at an expensive school.
Works a job for 20k salary>Gets a free 60k car each year for workplace>"N-no IRS... that car isn't part of my wages here!
"Grow up dude.
Your free tuition is your compensation.
The person receiving the waiver never sees any money.
They just get something for free.
It doesn't make sense to tax people on money they don't actually get.
Seems like the government should be taxing the universities on luxuries like pools, rockwalls, and massive stadiums.
it's not taxable because the government is absolutely retarded.they subsidized student loans, which increases tuition.students can't possibly afford the taxes on tuition reduction (waivers), so they subsidized the taxes as well.so they have to subsidize because they subsidized.
in summation, our government is run by a bunch of incompetent monkeys.
Maybe there are a lot of students but maybe they are not all in the US?Why are American's so ignorant that they can't address the World Wide Web in the correct context?
college is a massive taxpayer scam hopefully it gets destroyed
grad students are truly cucks>work like a dog>unpaid grading time>paid min wage eqivalentThe Chad Undergrad The Virgin Graduate Student
isn't he lifting that weight at an angle causing damage to some muscles/joints?
Because the USA is the only country that matters.
OK so how about your boss starts paying you in gold bars?
That's not money either.The government is retarded.But this tax proposal is going to unsubsidize loans and waivers.What this means is the universities are going to have to pay their grad students more.
I reckon this won't affect any students on tuition waivers except the gender studies grad student types.
don't question paul ryan bitch cuck
Well first of all most americans go on websites with other americans who they talk to as logic would suggest.
Second of all I don't know why piece of shit country you're from but chances are even the people in your country care more about what America does then what you do.
Third of all, America developed the "world wide web" so we can use it however we damn well please.
lastly, why do retards you always complain about this shit, is it because you live in a third world shit hole?
Haha, ivory tower fags rekt.
Academia really needs a good dick rn, imho.
well universities use their master's programs to fund their PHDs.
so they'd just increase that a bit.the proposal wouldn't be bad if we didn't already have a trillion in student loan debtreducing a former student's ability to pay their loans back is no goodwhich is also why the bill won't pass as-is
As a current 5th year grad student:FUCK grad students!
I was so happy when I heard about this, my department funds all kinds of bullshit programs so they can pat themselves on the back for advancing women and minorities.
The female grad students have formed a feminist club that has basically taken over the department so they can talk about how marginalized they are instead of doing research.
(Never mind that there were more female first years than male and the women just have a higher attrition rate despite handholding and more scholarship opportunities).
I will celebrate any legislation that makes grad school harder and continue to lick up all the delicious salt on Facebook.
Many of these people were never going to pay their loans back.
The student loan bubble is getting so big that I think the government may be forced to do some kind of bailout.
Just grandfather the old student loan debt.We need to stop subsidizing dumb asses taking out loans they can't repay.
Has it occurred to you that the women are dropping out due to your toxic masculinity?
This is all true, but this tax bill fucks over grad students without fixing any of these problems.
Probably a good compromise, but we should tax people who take too long finishing their degree.
I know a liberal arts PhD student whose been full-time in grad school for 13 years.
student loan bubble is getting so big that I think the government may be forced to do some kind of bailout.it will at some point.
even more of a problem with automation on the horizon.
need to stop subsidizing dumb assesindeed13yrsthe fuck has that moron been doing lmao >lifelong student realizing that the job market for professors is beyond shit so they're clinging to their safety blanketmost universities have a time limit between 6-10yrs.
many are closer to 6-7
I'd be for this if they also wrote cash checks equal to total student loan payments plus interest since the time they paid it off for every living person who has paid off any percentage of student loan debt.
otherwise get ready for capital flight the likes of which this country has never seen.
in any case things should just stay how they are.
people need to deal with what they signed up for.
these people can then be the example for others to not make the same mistake.
or the system can keep grinding on.
Why don't the universities just not charge tuition if they care about their students
tax deductions are inefficient and we should get rid of them>no wait, I didn’t mean that one particular deduction that’s good for me and people like me!Every time
What coin is this and when airdrop dev pls tnax
I'm not saying forgive old debt.
I'm saying any new 2018+ debt isn't tax deductible.
>implying i'll ever pay back those loansthese lenders are fuckin dumb, thanks for the free money suckers
Ivory tower>we don't need anymore STEM research at all>fuck meritocracykys
gets a free caryou are a fucking dumbassYou don't get that 60k.
It never reaches you.
Imagine if you want to give a kid a free ice cream cone, then tell them they have to pay taxes on it.That's you, you fucking jew.
Wasn't there already a student loan bailout within Obama's terms?
Or were they just talks?
If you have student debt in USA your life is over.
It's over for you.
No jobs thay pay anything other than pennies.Western world is in serious downward spiral it will take few years to burn it down as taxes raise and people just walk away, just like ancient rome fall.
Too much debt
Who tf cares if capital gains tax will be maxed at 20% go TRUMP
The Obama administration forgave debt incurred at schools that were basically scams.
Look Corinthian or ITT Tech.
No you're the dumbass or you're dishonest.
You're getting the benefit of 60k tuition for free or in compensation for some academic busy work.That is taxable income.
If you attend college without a scholorship you already fell for a scam and I dont care about you.
You reap what you sow
busy workMy god you are stupid.
Do you realize that PhD students conduct ACTUAL RESEARCH?
That is not busy work.
Yes I'm sure society really benefits from all the gender studies PhD students deconstructing comic book misogyny.You failed to realize the point isn't whether it's real work or busy work, it's work that you're being compensated for, and that's taxable.Let me put it to you this way, what's the difference between you getting a free education at your university for work and a Ford factory employee getting a discounted car from the factory?
Why does the Ford employee get taxed but you don't?Fucking kike, calling me a jew when you're exploiting the system.
Joinhttps://discord.gg/t36R3nd
As a burger.Fuck you.
Government is consistently fucking the middle class and has turned America into a third world shit hole.Go kys Boomer.
STEM doesn't existYou are fucking retarded.
Even in STEM for hot fields of research, the stipends don't pay that much.
The actual income you get wouldn't be enough to support yourself and pay the taxes at the same time
not to mention the stipend is already taxed as is
Let me put it to you this way, what's the difference between you getting a free education at your university for work and a Ford factory employee getting a discounted car from the factory?
Why does the Ford employee get taxed but you don't?Ok then, lets start talking about removing tax deductions for marketing, advertising, and customer acquisition expenses, see how businesses like that.
I mean, work is work, right?
It should all be taxed.
Tax profits.
Tax revenues.
Tax every damn exchange of value and monetary transaction there is.
4414852Looks like the universities will have to pay you more then.
STEM will never be at risk the universities are going to cut the bullshit majors' funding, because they won't get a return of money from the liberal arts.
Taking out all deductions and setting a lower tax rate is objectively more fair and causes less economic interference, so yes we should do that.Why the fuck does a PhD student getting 20k in salary and 60k benefits pay less taxes than a dude earning 25k in wages?Why does a dude earning 50k paying 18k a year on a mortgage pay less taxes than another 50k salary paying 18k in rent?Fuck the special treatments.