BREAKING NEWS.HORIZON STATE (HST) WILL BE LISTED ON BINANCE SOON.GET IN NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST.
x10 incoming
Don't forget the team will also do an AMA with Ian Balina next week.$2 HST is coming soon.
Fuck I can't believe this I'm shaking right now.
Fuck I need to get more money into this
not sure if pajeets shilling their coin or legit
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA NIGGER WHY ARE YOU SO STUPID AHAHAHA WHY DON'T YOU JUST CHECK THEIR WEBSITE OR JOIN THE TELEGRAM AND SEE IT YOURSELF, I MEAN IT'S ONLY A FEW CLICKS AWAY AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA PEOPLE ARE ALREADY UP MORE THAN 100% ON THIS COIN AND YOU ARE STILL IN THE DOUBT PHASE AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOW ARE YOU STILL IN CRYPTO IS BEYOND ME AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
No pajeets, it's the real deal.
I can't do my own research guys either shill me harder or I'm outLmao fuck off, we're gonna moon, don't kill our vibe
Strapped in
I hoped for HST to hit $1 by EOY, but now that the team is working on Binance listing, I'm confident we can hit $2 by EOY.
This is the dumbest fucking coin ever.
Literally no one ITT can even explain to me what it does.The testimonial "quotes" on their website are fakes.
Forbes did not talk about HST, a contributor was paid to write a shill piece about it and submit it to Forbes contribution section.This coin is literally a fucking joke.
Go ahead, try to explain what this coin does and why it would have ANY USE in the real world.
pro tip: you can't cause you're a dumb faggot who is about to buy some heavy bags that you'll never rid yourself of.
AHAHAHAHAHA ANOTHER DUMB NIGGER RANTING ABOUT SHIT THAT HE DOESN'T EVEN UNDERSTAND.> Literally no one ITT can even explain to me what it does.First of all, did you even ask?
No.
You came here immediately ranting like a stupid pajeet you are.What about you do your own research, faggot?
Do you have a brain?
If yes, can you use it?Fine I assume your brain doesn't function properly, so I will explain HST to you.It's a decision-making platform on blockchain, dumbass.
Organizations that want to hold an election/make some decision can buy the HST tokens and use the voting platform.Why would they use HST?
It's way cheaper than the conventional voting system.
Also more efficient, more transparent etc.
Most important is they will save money by using HST platform.>why it would have ANY USE in the real worldI've explained it above.
The team had presented HST to the United Nations in New York.
The CEO will announce something related to the UN soon, possibly partnership with HST.HST also already has a working app called MiVote.
Google it.
You know how to use Google, right?Fucking idiots on /biz/ geez you people really surprise me with your advanced stupidity.
This is the token thats going to start the regulation of the crypto market.
Shut the fuck, don't get mad because you're too stupid to know better than to buy shitty coins like confido.
It's not too late to invest in HST faggot, so you don't need to FUD to feel better.
Go and sell your ass so you can have the funds to buy, then go and do your own research.
Eh people are gonna dump it as soon as it hits binnceWait for the massive dip before buying

Where's that analysis coming from
This isn't nuls or WTC that doesn't have a working product.
Dump?
Unlikely.Massive dip?
Won't happen.Correction?
Of course.People taking profit is normal.
This coin fits to be a mid or long term hold.If you join the telegram (t.me/horizonstate), you will see that the HST community is mostly mature investors, not moonkids or flippers.So the moment the correction happens, the investors will start buying again and the recovery will be quick.
Yeah, HST community is very good.
I totaly agree.
And team always communicating on telegramm, which is very very nice
I'm not even going to waste my time pajeet, for literally any other coin I'd shit talk you while explaining what the coin does but I'm not even gonna do that lmao
Of course you aren't
The fact that it almost always fucking happens whenever a coin hits binance.It's already pumped by the time it hits the exchange so they dump it and then buy back from the bottom
Most of the coins that hit binance are useless and dump because their roadmap are deep into fucking 2020, powr was an exception because it has an actual product and competent team and so will HST be.
If you're too stupid, or worse, too lazy to research, then you don't deserve money.>Website: horizonstate.com/team/>Telegram: t.me/horizonstateAsk your questions in the telegram.
The team is very active and helpful.
Oh fuck off you retard.
It doesn't matter who the team or how far the in development they are.It always happens.Seriously just how new are you?
God you faggots who put everything in a coin are such sensitive babies.
Shut up bitch.
FUN had a competition for the largest holders plus they burned 4 billion tokens.
And they had constant news and were ahead of schedule on their roadmap.
It still dumped in the Altpocalypse.
This guy gets it.
this guy gets it.
hes been had enough to not be a fucking idealistic retard like most wojacks on biz
Do prices recover in time then what?t.
Jackass
It's called buying and selling, aka trading.
Nothing goes up or down in one line unless it's confido.
Maybe that's what you invested in and that's why you're so angry?
45322134531824Anon have you never traded in crypto before?
I've forgotten more than you will ever learn, what's your point.
i doubled my portfolio on you hst retards i the past day and im comfy now
lol dude why so pissy?
What he described is natural but you go off on a autistic spergout about how special hst is.
Are you a dev or a bagholder?
NULS is going to be the cause of so many pink wojaks who sold too early.
I can't wait.
"working on it" could literally mean they sent an application.
It does not mean binance will accept the application lolGod you /biz/ people are fucking retarded all the time