/biz/ bros, I need your advice, should I even bother paying this?
It's already been reported to a credit agency.So I went to the hospital in New York, the bill was like $320, I never paid it, it got sent to this collection agency who said I have 30 days to pay it.It's medical debt and it's in New York, now I live in Michigan and have since July but my driver's license is still one from New York, I need to update it, but I was wondering if I should even bother paying this?Can they do anything more than they've already done at this point?Thank you /biz/ bros, sorry I'm not telling you about which crypto to buy next I just need to take care of this first and thought this would be the place to ask.1/2
/2
I mean if the worst they're going to do is continue to try to collect the debt then they can go toss themselves off, but will they keep reporting to credit agencies or can they only do that once?
ALWAYS pay your debts, anon.
It's medical debt in New York though, and under $500, I know it's not a lot but I'm thinking of calling them this morning and saying I have other bills and saying I have some money and asking if they can lower it.
If they can't I will say I will pay another bill and they'll get nothing.
I would then just hang up on them.I do have the money but I just got hired in at my job on Wednesday and only have about $400 in my checking so if I can pay less or just not pay it at all I'd like to do that.Any thoughts on that idea?
Just brainstorming.
I just watched this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-i6YQO79x8Also thank you for the input, anon
Or maybe asking to knock it down to monthly payments?
That would be good too but I don't know if I'd have to mail them anything or if they can sue me, I'm trying to learn, and I'm reading a lot right now, I asked on /biz/ because I wanted extra input, you guys know the most about finance and stuff.
Found the Mexican/nigger
Got stocks, was in crypto but pulled out because of ninja buy and sell walls on GDAX.Have money in savings and checking, the thing is I just started this job a month or so ago and just got hired in Wednesday, otherwise I'd just pay it.But thanks for being dickhead, post your Blockfolio if you're so rich.You're probably just salty because you got scammed in some P&D.
rich>putting most of your money in bitcoinsDo you think rich people are that retarded?
I only invest % of my portfolio in this mess.
%10?
I was thinking about maybe going %25, then 50/50 stocks and savings for now, %10 is probably a good idea though with how the market is right now.Bitcoin is being very weird right now.
I mean it's always weird but right now especially, just watch an exchange for a day, you'll see the walls come out of nowhere.But that's smart anon, I'm going to consider putting less into crypto..
Thanks for the advice.Sorry for calling you a dickhead, I was just mad you called me a Mexican.
I was just mad you called me a Mexican.found the nigger
God dammit.
lolanyways, hit them up.
get it in writing that it will be removed from your credit report if you pay it.
pay it.
dont be a fucking nig next time.done.
Right, so how should I go about that?
I haven't admitted it's me when they've called ever, so no admission of guilt.If I call them it will be an admission of guilt and confirmation of my identity is the thing.Do you think it's worth calling and identifying myself to ask if they can take it off my credit report?
Also should I ask for it in writing and then wait until I get it in the mail to pay it or just pay it?
What if they say they can't get it off my report as well?Sorry for all the questions and being a nog.
Lesson learned.
I appreciate you helping me out, I'm young so all of this is confusing to me.
>credit score
LOL, anon, please.
Jesus lmao
I just got hired in at my jobYou'll be cool when they pay some other fuckers bill instead of you, right?
You won't mind waiting til the following payroll, maybe the one after, right?The absolute fucking STATE of millennials
88>notedThey already paid some other fuckers to bill me, the hospital sent my debt to this agency.If I could wait a week until the next payroll that would be amazing.But yea, they already sold me off, anon.
I'm just worried to call because that would be confirming my identity via phone and thus an admission of guilt, and if they can't do anything to help me, then it'd be a shot to the toe.
One more bump then I'll let the thread die, thanks for your help, anons, I really do appreciate you all giving your two cents, and the jew picture.
They already paid some other fuckers to bill me,That's not how it worksthe hospital has already written you off and won't get any more money whether you pay or not.your debt has been purchased by a debt collection agency.
but nigger, why are you so irresponsible with your money?
I'm just now getting back on my feet, I got rekt in New York, it's a long story.
Basically my parents came and picked me up and took me back to Michigan but yea, I was 10k in Credit Card debt and couldn't afford rent.I've learned a lot and I'm debt free now but I made some stupid mistakes in the past.
I've learned from them but this stupid bill is bothering me.I don't think they can do any more than they already have though, they reported it to FICO when it got transferred, and I know they bought the debt for a lot less than the $320 they want from me.I want to call them and talk but I'm scared to confirm my identity because that opens new doors for them..
Well, you should try to pay, but remember that the credit agency probably paid $0.50 to buy that debt.
Here's the skinny:You can safely ignore one or two collections until they expire IF you have several positive influences on your credit.
If you have a recurring bill that you pay on time, make sure they're reporting that - this goes for EVERYONE with ANY recurring bill.
Charter, for example, does not report my good standing unless I ask them to.You get 1 free report every year from all agencies.
Get it.
If recurring bills - even ones you don't pay anymore, don't appear then find a template letter and mail it to the company you were paying, requesting that they report your standing to the credit agencies.When you have something in collection, never admit to remembering it.
It's best you do it all through snail mail, email next, phone only if you have minor acting skills.They'll come out the gate with a low offer to pay off the collection.
Counteroffer it.
You don't remember incurring these expenses and if you did incur them the lack of payment has to be due to some snafu on the original debtee's part.
You'll pay X in a single payment for this to go away.
($50 or $70).
They will probably counter with "our offer was more than fair."
You counter with "I appreciate your offer, but I am not willing to pay that much for reasons I've already stated.
I with pay X."
Then, or before, you can add some fluff and state very clearly that you will not be entering into a payment plan.
Do NOT under any circumstances pay with anything except a money order, or pay before you have in writing the final price and that they will strike the collection from your record.
(When you have that, if they fail to strike you can send photos of that letter and the money order to the agencies yourself and they'll strike it for you.
)Save ALL documents.
As a lad I got emergency deployed while I had 2 videos checked out from Hollywood Video and they wanted $260 when I got back (maybe $500 in today's dollars).
That's why I'm hip to this shit.
And as a final piece: bro, pay your bills.
You don't hit 600 with a single collection.
You got bad habits and you need to break them.
I already addressed the final piece, but thank you so much for all the advice.
I really appreciate it, I almost got a burner card and paid with that, one you can get online, a temporary one.Also I was going to contact them over the phone and tell them I had other bills and stuff but I don't want to admit guilt.You're saying to get a letter from them, in writing that they'll remove it from my credit score, get a picture or proof of it, and negotiate?
4539839Tbh it all sounds like a pain in the ass, it's my second one, I had one from Verizon that I paid but didn't get knocked off because I'm young like I said, I'm still learning, this will be the last one as I'm smarter now and will pay all my debts (except this one, fuck them).Thanks again for the advice.
You're the real MVP.
I just wouldn't pay it and ignore all collection attempts.
Just deny that you owe any money, never admit to owing it.
Over time they will go away.Your credit rating might go down a small amount, but it's pretty easy to rebuild it up.
Right, I pay for things with my cards and pay them off each month, solid advice, thank you, anon.
No need to pay OP.>source: I'm Greek
So call and negotiate?
I mean that other anon was talking about paying by money order and getting stuff in the mail and getting photos as proof and it sounds like a pain in the ass.
Is it really worth it?Will it just affect my credit score or can they add tons of interest and garnish my wages and stuff?
Just ignore it and hangup, etc... Then a year or two later offer to pay less than half Max and they'll probably take it.
Sounds lame but I know some wealthy people who do shit like this all the time with a lot more money.
Once it goes to collections is all negotiable.
The longer they wait the longer they are losing money, so they will settle for less especially over time.
Makes sense, thank you, anon.