https://etherdelta.com/#TIO-ETH Trading below 1 usd.
400.000 tokens in circulation (yes you read it correctly).
Easily 5 usd before it hits CMC and Binance.
Thank me later.
It's insane how much coins moon after hitting CMC.
I know you are sarcastic but it's called ''awarness'' for such an undervalued token.
The insane low marketcap is attractive now that almost every low marketcap moons just after ICO.
Jump in if you dont wanna be poor.
80k marketcap lol
I really hope you don't end up talking yourself again.
exactly my point, they are now in talks with binance.
I NEED A SECOND OPINION
the smart contract says there's a supply of 17.1M, one address holds 98%, how long will that stay there?
stay poor then, look at HST before talking.
Catcha later when it hits 5 usd.
a token for tour guides?HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
wtf I just bought $20k of this!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
That amount is being released sometime in mid-2018 or early 2019, iirc.
Oh and the market cap atm is about $49,000 (at a price of .00034 eth)Glad I got in already desu senpai
Do you have any confirmations?
This means its trading under ico price
OP....Publica is also good.
Next 10x!
i know you twitter faggots think every low supply/market cap coin is a ticket to the moon, but it's not enough to sell me.
you're just hoping to flip shitcoins as soon as they list.
maybe you'll be successful more than you aren't?
it's not my strat.
failing too realize tourism is a multi billion dollar industry
so is sex trafficking.
not every industry needs a goddamn blockchain.
Guys read the whitepaper this shit is hot garbage.https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B95wMxL58TWsTVZlM0ZkbXF5SVE/view"we will not start trading on exchange until we accomplish 70% of certainmarketing and publicity goals,"-Three Viral YouTube Videos introducing our token (viral means YouTube videos withover 2million views and counting)Five thousand printed Tio tour guides T- shirts distributed to members of ourcommunity.Get 10 well known International Celebrities from different walks of life to endorse orspeak about our coin.THIS IS FUCKING TRASH.
If you ride the pump better get out early
New exchanges are arriving on the 25th you dolt
According to the website the ico havent even started, and the pre-ico is still going on for 6 days.wat
got my 1000 tokens at .00035 senpai am ready for moonage
holy shit just realized i'm already up 2x wtf why didnt i buy more
Holy shit this is getting snapped up so quickly.
Anything under 0.004 is a steal.
>TFW fell for the tío meme
The fuck you talking about?
It's been like an hour dude relax lmaoThis shit will almost definitely hit $2 at some point, and that's conservative.
Wait for Binance and CMC
Easiest money of my life.
Will sell at $1.50 minimum
brought 180 TEO... will I make it?