Sup guys.
I recently created a steemit account because its fucking lucrative.
this is way way more profitable than the adsense click rings of old-biz, and any oldfags will be delighted to know that if we use similar tactics we used then we can all profit.
heres my steemit>@cryptobrodogfollow me and ill upvote you and follow back.
if we all upvote each other and comment on each other's posts, we can make a shitload of money.
im only going to do it if you put effort into your articles, though.
im not upvoting pajeet shitposts with bad grammar.>what is steemit?A combination of twitter and leddit where getting upvotes makes you steemit coins, which you can cash out to bitcoin for money.
the top posts on steemit regularly earn 200-300 bucks per DAY.
kys, shill steemshit is a pre-mined shitcoin scam.
I’ll guarantee you’ll only see $0.01 per post or nothing at all.
You have to have a large following and influence.
Well, that's the point.
if we all follow each other and make actual, good content we can make money.
this isnt a get rich quick scheme, this is a make decent money after a couple of months things.
you need to put actual work into your posts, which most of biz doesnt want to do.
https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@cryptobrodog/usdt-the-biggest-scam-in-crypto-historyheres an example of an article.
took me about an hour to research.
If anyone wants to get in on this let me know.
if we all follow each otherNice pyramide scheme,idiot.
why are you so mad?
this isnt a pyramid scheme, the platform will LITERALLY pay you out for upvoting threads in steem coins.
go look up how it works.
its reddit but you get paid for posts.
How is that a pyramid scheme?
pay no mind to that salty boy.
if anyone here makes a steemit account, be warned it takes a day to get verified to ensure youre not a bot.
just comment on any of my posts that youre from biz and ill give you a follow and upvote to get started.
bump
so, no other steemit posters here?
Seems good as a social network but not as investment since the supply keeps increasing.
yeah, i think the amount that gets minted goes down over time.
still gotta read the whitepaper, it can be a confusing read.