Does anybody have a real forex trading strategy that actually work ?99.99% of all strategies on google are fully crap so if you have one please share and take my warmest loving emotions
There is one that works but ponly the top 1% get to know the secret.
It was so bvious and right there in front of you, after all these years, but Ill never tell
I've tried sharing, not just on one occasion either.
This board is too toxic to learn.Before some retard says this is fake I just took this screen shot minutes ago.
And no this isn't some hold from weeks ago this a day trade.
The London daybreak strategy does actually work and has a winning percentage.
When I was working a different shift I did it each day, and had like 70% success rate, and wins were 40% higher thank loss amounts.
So hypothetically you can mess it up, win 50% of the time.
And still make money.
please!
There's a couple others I've done ok with too.
CryptoTrader13 on Twitter if you want more info.
I'd love to share strategies with you guys.
I've lost on a bunch too so there's a few to avoid.
Can't hang out in the thread all day, but message me if anyone wants to talk
How?
Read books and find your own strategy.I've neve read or heard about a working strategy in forums, Youtube, ebooks...Why would I share something with the world if it works for me?
I would ruin my edge.
very good point
cus i ve asked you politely
it will ruin my edge in a trillion dollar daily volumeyou can't even larp properly
He's not wrong
here is one ive found anywayhttps://www.google.com.eg/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwilrbuh1tLXAhUEvBoKHZw2C0wQFggpMAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.dukascopy.com%2Ffxcomm%2Ffx-article-contest%2F%3FReview-Of-Winning-Strategy-In%3D%26action%3Dread%26id%3D485&usg=AOvVaw2MZ43VJwCNpDJBMjYPcO8O
whats wrong with showing your working strategy for like 50 traders out of millions that if it really is working they wont mostly share it xD
like 50 traders out of millions that if it really is working they wont mostly share itBecause they will share it.
Almost every single one will share it with their soon to be ex wife, their parents, siblings, old classmates, then worse is some will try to sell it or write a damn book on it.
Plus like I said I already tried teaching you faggots.
Now I like to watch threads here as you guys talk about dumb strats that don't work.
you are a fcking idiot cus1-they wont share it2-even if they did if most traders used the same strategy in fx then it wont just magically lose
nice
you can share the strategy with 1 million traders.
It won't change shit if they don't have money.The forex market which moves trillions won't change because some fag is larping.
Most of the volume comes from institutions and they tipically have at most 1/100 of that money.
You could trade a billion and not affect the as market significantly compared with tiniest of news
you 100% do mean trendline right?
4506059I'm not sharing shit with you faggots.
This is the difference between how a great trader thinks and how you faggots think.
You all think we can ALL win.
But we all cant win.
I need you to lose so I can profit.How exactly do you think this shit works?
You think if all of a sudden everyone is trading like me and winning the institutions are going to take that lying down?
What im doing right now works because of how you all trade.
That's how i make money.
If you all stop trading like retards then the institutions will change how they take advantage of you all.
Then I have to start over.
FuckYouAllYou retard neets aren't going to fuck my gravy train up.
THEN GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER AND GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY THREAD
Nah, ain't enough money out here for everyone.I'm go sit back and laugh while yall talk about silly ass strategies while counting my pips.
wow so edgy just like a 14yo kid
wow so edgy Well, don't want to ruin my edge, have to keep it as sharp as possible.
Work out egat the drivers are for that currency.
Interest raye differentials across the curve are a good place to start.
Also things like commodity prices for things like aud.
Interest rate policy.
Tech analysis helps.
"Winning strategy" asif....
sorry my iq is low what are you trying to say also i dont trade the news
4506909
ok
I'm still making money while reading this on the toilet.
how much percentage do u get per month?
I THINK THE MARKET MOVES 100% RANDOM AND ITS JUST A SCAM !!!
Price action, trend lines, support and resistance.Just learn to read charts and you're golden.Binary options are great as a training tool on 1M, because you'll see the same patterns as everywhere else, but they'll emerge very quickly and you'll learn to recognize them immediately.
If you're able to get an edge in binary options, you'll fuck the CFD's in the ass.I'm not memeing, just try it.
Just restrain from playing options with real money, it's borderline gambling.
But as a training tool, teaching you proper discipline and instincts, it's unbeatable.
4508356
is it rsi?
rsiHAHAHAHA.
Think about what your saying.
If it were that fucking easy, don't you think EVERYONE would all be already doing it?
It's candles, dude.
Yes buy BCH
Buy low sell high strat, easy profits.#forexed
If you're looking to daytrade then no...If you're looking for a longterm hold try to buy the dips, or find company that does something interesting but cheaper than its competitors Not sure I never really invested in Forex, I would like to start though after making some good money in this cryptospace
You can't really win on Forex unless you're smart and hold longterm, daily trades are eventually gonna fuck you over because its all about who has the best tech and algo's.
4508771
Trying o develop my own strategy with no trendlines, ma or other shit.Backtesting shows I break just even.
And I havent even implemented stop losses or trailng losses.Just buy now -- sell in 3 hours no matter wat.I think Im gonna make it.
If you're looking to daytrade then no...That's not true.
You can easily trade breakouts, and they're not that hard to recognize if you have some experience.
Buy bullish breakouts, sell bearish breakouts.
If you're consistent and have a sensibly sized investment, you're going to make money.I've worked in this industry for 15 years and everything is done by people.
If it were so easy to build a bot to do this stuff, trust me, companies with millions of dollars to spare on this shit would do it in a whim.
"System traders" or "algo traders" do not survive.
Bots are a scam aimed at people who aren't keen to learn and approach Forex as it was a videogame.Professional systems cost hundreds of thousands of dollars, and they're shit, had some experiences with them.
In this context, guess the performance of "advisors" sold for MT4 for 50 bucks.It's all about candles and understanding markets.The simplest solution for you is martingale system.
When you lose, next time invest twice as much.
Aim for consistent stop losses and take profits.
Be realistic.
Money management is 75% of success.45080294508696Dunning-Kruger effect much?
That's not how it works here.
Dunning-Kruger effectBrah, I've extracted 200 pips out of the market today already and posted proof already.I'm not even going to tell you what is wrong or right with what you've said.
Just know that when you're losing trades I'll be there winning and taking the exact opposite trade as you.
MartingaleAre you mocking me?I dare you to train a computer pick 5 coins out of 1500 and not lose any money in a specific timeframe taking 0.25% trading fee in consideration.
Just know that when you're losing trades I'll be there winning and taking the exact opposite trade as you.I'm usually not losing trades.
I'm sorry if you feel offended, but it just doesn't exactly scream maturity when you're treating obvious knowledge as if it was the biggest secret in the universe.OP, just practice, practice and practice.
It's not that hard, after 100 hours you'll probably have enough edge to be in the 1%.
Make at least 1000% of your investment on demo accounts before you start using real money.
Don't touch indicators.
Just look at candles.Spend enough hours with candles and you'll see blondes and brunettes.Just take two stable coins, or once currency pair, and trade them back and forth.
Learn how they behave, let them leave a print in your brain.
You're making it harder for yourself that it needs to be.
We are all born with great skill in recognizing patterns, that's how languages work.Chasing pumps and dumps isn't a strategy.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Lol Martingale scream maturity when you're treating obvious knowledgeIf it's so obvious then why isn't everyone winning 100s of pips a day?
I showed my proof that I took 200 pips out of the market today.
Where is your proof?Hmmmm
Well, I possibly cant scan all the possible pairs, while a computer can.If I can teach a computer to recognize patterns, why should I stop?I already can find the coins likely to moon.
I can feel I'm this close to a winning strategy.
Then all I'll need to do is to learn how to push orders to exchanges.
on googlethere's your fucking problem
 pips a day isn't that much actually, especially in November and if you're a swing trader.As for the proof, I don't have access to company's data and properties while I'm out of office.
Sorry to disappoint, congratulations on your success though.If I can teach a computer to recognize patterns, why should I stop?If you'll find the holy grail, sell it to investment firms.
They'll pay you good money for it, instant "lamboland" with perfect liquidity.
Wishing you the best of luck.
I think news trading is cool
100 pips a day isn't that much actuallyYou're fucking delusional.
I've captured a pairs entire upward movement for the day.
So convenient that you can't post proof of your exceptional day trades.
Nice larping.Anyway I'm done.
The market is closing and I'm not giving out any more hints for free.
pips in a day isn't impressiveThis nigga
If you'll find the holy grail, sell it to investment firms.
They'll pay you good moneyWhy sell it for millions when you literally become a billionaire.
You have no fucking clue what you're talking about.
You're fucking delusional.
I've captured a pairs entire upward movement for the day.But you can do that just by waiting for a candle closing above or below trend line in the resistance region.
Oldest trick in the book.
If you're doing it in any more complex way, you're overworking yourself.
If it's that easy then why isn't everyone doing that?
It might be a challenge to pay out your crypto billions.
Selling your solution doesn't mean you won't be able to use it in the future for personal gains.
If you're willing to pursue it, fiat will provide some money to pay for convenience required to achieve liquidity.
This seems like a whole different set of problems to me, but admittedly I don't have much experience with crypto currencies.But they are?
At least in the professional capacity.
I don't really get your point, are you asking why is it overlooked by people who are starting out?
My guess would be that it's because recognizing trends requires learning and it takes time to master this skill, and this is more than most traders are willing to do.
I'd assume that naked Forex is scary for some people.
Indicators and bots are more alluring.
kek
Until you post your trades or gains you're just larping to me.
buy low, sell high?
In case there's still anyone in this thread, here you go.
Pic related.
You can capture "whole day's" movement easily.
Connect the dots.
Look when candle cuts through it.
Hurray, you're in the money.
As I said before, oldest trick in the book.
Capturing "whole day's" movement is under performing, in professional world.Honestly I'm baffled by the hostility.
I'm just trying to give you advice, after spending almost my whole adult life trading Forex, and you're calling me delusional because I won't provide a "proof" which could easily be photoshopped.What the hell is wrong with you people?
>Spiritual tier, you are one with the marketFib, Harmonic vibrations, elephant migration, planetary harmonics, golden geometry>meme triangle tierincline support and resistance + AB=CD rule >veteran trader tierSimple horizontal lines + fractal stop loss>elder veteran trader tierorder book only% wr with my ruleelliot waves + aligator to determine when to go inmacd + stoch rsi double cross to weed out false signalsdeclare stop loss with fractals
Because you can still use it and now have millions for seed money
Honestly I'm baffled by the hostilityAre you retarded?
You said shit to me first you damn larper.You haven't posted any proof of any trades.
All you can keep repeating is that institutional traders are better than me.
Well that's a compliment for a day trader if you have to compare me to the best traders in the game.Nice charts and cute arrows.
dunno why anyone would fuck with forex unless theyve been doing it like 5 years and are leet at it when things like crypto around.
why waste your time?
there's like a gold rush going on right now that could end in the next 30 months
Are you retarded?
You said shit to me first you damn larper.Man, you were power tripping as if you've found life on Mars.
This isn't rocket science.
I'm not criticizing your knowledge or techniques, just your rudeness.You haven't posted any proof of any trades.First, NDA, second, I only trade in my office.
I wouldn't make more money than my salary if I were day trading in my free time.
Leisure is precious.
Not mentioning that list of trades can be easily photoshopped.>Well that's a compliment for a day trader if you have to compare me to the best traders in the game.Of course you're probably in the 1%!
But please don't let your ego eat you.Seeing how many people here struggle, I consider it a dick move to hold things back from them.Personally I find it amazing that more people are interested in Forex and wish anyone success.
There's enough money in it for everyone.
/biz/ is a small community, believe it or not.>Nice charts and cute arrows.Thank you!Unpredictable, hard to liquidate.
Man, you were power tripping>Of course you're probably in the 1%First, NDA, second, I only trade in my office.I'm not trading for anyone else.
I'm trading for myself on my own.Seeing how many people here struggle, I consider it a dick move to hold things back from themFuck them and fuck you too.
You want me to sharr my shit but cry NDA about your own shit.
Fuck off nigga.
I ain't teaching yall pajeet, autism neets how to steal money from me.
There's only trillions of dollars to go around and you not getting my share.
Fuck them and fuck you too.Just remember that money won't buy you inner peace.
Wishing you the best.
Sure man.
The problem is you think you're smarter than you really are and that you can "outsmart"me into teaching you to become a better a better trader.
And the whole it's not rocket science.
If it's not then why isn't everyone doing it?
Do you understand who we're all trading against when we win?
Do you really understand who it is you're out smarting when you're winning consistently and with large trades?
If you really think that anyone can do then good fucking luck.One last thing.
I can tell you're a larper by certain shit that you say that NO EXPERIENCED TRADER would ever ever say.
>only trade out of the officeNigga every trader worth their salt has their trading tools in any and all devices to monitor through out the day.
Plus there's so much other shit that you said that was completely wrong.Btw I don't need luck.
I only need edge
nice larping but i'd put down 100k on you being just another poor fag from pol who is off his containment board.
post something you traded today to prove me wrong.
lol, you wont larping faggot
100k on you being just another poor fag from pol who is off his containment board.Let's not even pretend like you'd actually send me money.
I've been down this road.
Almost no one on this entire board has any clue about how FX works so even if I posted an amazing trade you'd still have no idea what you're looking at.
i take back the whole "larping faggot from pol" youre clearly a degenerate weeb from /a/ use your last $5 to buy a rope and use it to finally escape your mommys basement...
Except I still have a piece of position open that's over 150 pips
 You going to send my money or nah?