coss going up, hope you have accumulated enough.
i wonder who pumped it...
The hidden gem
topkek
coss going upGoing up from 0.000169 to 0.00016?
Nice pump!
I wish I could buy more.
I would put every penny into this.
Once they actually get out of Beta stage it will moon and I just hope I have time to buy more.
$1 will seem like a deal in 1 year on this one.
I wish I could buy more.
I would put every penny into this.Maybe ask whoever is paying you to shill this shit to pay you in COSS?
I'll buy when it hits 3 cents.
LOL if you even knew pajeet
Im balls deep in Coss Anon...tell me what you know!
I need renewed vigor in these iron hands!
Who do you think pays me?
I am confused with your assertion.
Maybe you could clarify it for all of us
are you the one posting this pokemons ?i am the 300k holder, if we make it lets meet and rent a lambo, then drive to mc donalds to spend chainlinkers a burger
my assertion was that you were not being paid to shill this coin and had some good reasons to accumulate more, are you not the knight in disguise that I was hoping for?
Oh, I thought you thought I was a dirty pajeet being paid to pump Coss.
This would have been very far from truth.
I believe in what Coss has planned.
It just seems like some of the early buyers were 15 years old and thought this was going to go up to $5 within the first month.
This is a strategic long term hold for smarter money in the market IMO.
I was (half) jokingly suggesting that the only reason anyone would recommend COSS is if they were being paid to.Seriously, their dev plans are a disaster.
Three remote teams in different countries working on an entire rebuild of the backend, and *then* they'll think about fiat gateways.
Just trying to help some fellow anons avoid crappy coins.
I figure it's at least a minimum 10x over the course of 2018.
That's a conservative speculation as well.
The fiat gateway is an investor's wet dream.
x is highly conservative.
$1 is pretty much assured once that fiat gateway comes out.
If trade volume reaches 50% of Binance, it'll be closer to $7.
I have the spreadsheet somewhere that calculates this and see if I can find it.This coin is insanely undervalued.
I've bought as much as I can.
4490334Guys, I'm not FUDing here.
I don't hold any COSS and won't be buying any.
I dumped all of my COSS at a loss after reading the latest dev update.
Go and read it.
There are three separate dev teams in different countries working on the backend.
They need to rebuild the entire backend before they can start planning fiat gateways.
Rune said they are not even focussing on them until after the rebuild.
You might get them at the end of next year.
Found it.
If the volume on COSS reaches 50% of today's Binance, someone would bring in 9.8x their initial investment over the course of the year every year.
That's insanity.This will make for great buying for the next month.
I agree anyone looking for  month out gains should look elsewhere.
but next year the coins will not be on this discount anymore, can as well accumulaten now , because % wise this is a comfy hold till then
One correction on my previous statement: If COSS reaches the 1/2 Binance volume level then the torken should be about $5.8 a token.
This would put the annual return at 10% which is typically the 'aggressive target' for investments.
Note: That's 94x current price.