I am looking to go further into ETH.
Will it ever dip back below 310?
duh
Anything below 320 and i'm going in dry
I'm not so sure if it will.
We are at resistance and trying to run up.
it either will go upor go downexcept when it stays at $330
Korea is waking up and they are high on ETH so expect a small pump to 340 now
Get in before we hit 500
Agreed, just like October before it went down  again
If we ever get above $350, we're shooting to $500.
Holocaust Skelly said child porn had no victims and it didn't dipinvincible
Moon mission is a go?
no one knows yet.
just you wait
You just had a fucking 2 week dipWhat's wrong with people
he didn't say anything you piece of shit
in june it went from 300 to 400 and people said it would never again be below 300in august it went from 300 to 400 and people said it would never again be below 300if a chinese rumor or a btc fork will cause a crash below 300 for a bit then some other event in the future probably will too
Bank transfer times is what is wrong you filthy hook nosed kike.
"Let the Good Times Roll"
no.
ive been waiting for 3 days for it to just dip 5 dollars but it keeps going up
range tighter than a nuns asshole.Going to shoot to 340 soon.
Retards falling for the ETH moontrap again?$290 here we come.
You absolutely know in your heart that it's true.
ETH new ATH this weekHaven from the fear of BTC vs BCHget in
capped for laughs in a week.
a few days ago everyone here was saying eth was a shitcoin and bch was kingit's almost like we can't see the future or somethingbut seriously, eth will be $400 within 5 hours
ETH will reach 600$ according to my TA.
if i count fomo with it we can reach 1000
things could get crazy if we break 340
What makes you say that?
4367998If we break $350, we are going to $500.There's virtually no resistance after that point.
It will explode.
What does resistance mean?
Right now BCH kamikazi diveBTC nice gainsETH comfyThe battle may be over
Sell orders.
If someone is trying to dump 10k eth at 330 you are going to need a lot of buyers to push pass that.
If after that there is only small quantities being sold then the way up is unstoppable
http://www.economist.com/sites/default/files/carey_business_school_submission.pdf
Lmfao.
Those boomer gains
All I see ITT is /biz/ licking its dumb chops.Which means, $290 by Thursday.
Screencap it.
already priced in
ha.
haha.
hahahahaha.
HAAHAHAHA
actually believing /biz/ plebs have any weight on the markets lol
BCH is shit, ETH is still king.
what is this from?
t. BCH bagholder
Eth @ $5000 in a yearscreencap this.
bitcoin paved the way for people getting comfortable with crypto.machine learning applied to vetting smart contracts will make eth unstoppablecap this
And what is your thoughts on POS?
I think the BTC vs BCH shitfest is what made ETH jump in the last few days.People are fed up with the BTC drama and they seek safe refuge in ETH.I'm personally in ETH for a long term.
Words are already spreading that ETH is likely to shoot to $1k in Feb/March 2018.
Im still in BTC but it doesn't look like the war is won quite yet, I feel BTC is slightly less risky then BTH which could moon or dive at the drop of a hatIf BCH rebounds I might just hold fiat and ETH for a while
Maybe if there's a massive sell again.
But it is not happening until we hit at least 350 again.