>Finally get a job that pays a little less than 2k a month which is basically nothing but better than minimum wage poverty tier >Start looking at apartments>It costs MINIMUM $1100 per month for a non-shit apartment that's like 800sq/ft>Even then the shit ones cost $950 >Most don't even have on site laundry How is anyone supposed to actually manage to get by in this absolutely fucked market?
At this point is it honestly better to just bite the bullet and buy a small $80-100k house?
kekSuch is life of a wageslaveI get comfy apartment courtesy of Big Gov.
Get fucked normies
Get roommates?You could get a mortgage and buy a house but then you’re stuck until you can sell.
If you do, get AT LEAST a duplex.
Rent the other half, you should try to get a property manager so your tenant doesn't think you're anything more than a neighbor.
Rent a room in a house and save money.
That's the only way to live on your own when you make shit money with housing prices and rent prices so fucking high.
Sadly my government hates me and doesn't let me NEET for free I have no friends and I'm kinda autistic so I don't know where I'd find a roommate I considered this but don't really have the money to afford a duplex, and I doubt they'll let me use the first time homeowner bullshit to buy an investment property.
Also again I'm a downy so my tenants would probably fuck me over the second they smell weakness.
autistic> cant use magic powrrs of intelligence and laser like obsession to figure how to find a roomie on CraigslistMost of you idiots arent autistic, youre just idiots
babbys first job>hey!
Wheres my mcmansion?
!The entitlement is strong
Move out of Jew York city or Commiefornia already and embrace the low cost of living in the Midwest.
SqftHow many banans is that?
Not wanting to pay 50% of your income to live in a closet is entitlementFuck off
At this point is it honestly better to just bite the bullet and buy a small $80-100k house?Its almost like you haven't even done the math anon... 80-100k would be pretty cheap monthly with a decent down payment.
I know these feels bro.
Fuck, fuck, Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
So sleep in your car like a normal person.
Get an ARB fridge and you won't have to worry about somewhere to put food.
I would just couch surf until you find roommates or a significant other to move in and split costs with.Buying a house is more economical sure but don't spend every last penny you have doing it.
Because as soon as some glaring maintenance item comes up you're fucked.
New water heater or some other appliance?
Unless you plan to hook it all up yourself you're looking at $1k there.
It's like cars.
I see so many of my friends getting into terrible terrible auto loans so they can roll around in a new or new-ish BMW or Audi or whatever.
But as soon as something goes wrong they can't afford to fix it.Renting is nice in these cases, when you're still building credit and capital.
Water heater out?
No A/C?
Call maintenance.
We're gonna make it bro
If you can buy a small house for 80-109k then you absolutely should do that instead
Have you thought about just getting a comfy tent?
Set up camp near a Starbucks and you can still buy LINK.
$80-100kgood luck finding that in my neck of the woods... couldnt even buy a shitty condo for that
Whats the point in renting a nice place when you'll never own it?Enjoy paying someone elses bills brainlet
Hi anon, I make twice what you do and I still find that $1100/mo is obscene but that's just the way it is these days (I pay $600 rn, moving to a $1200 place soon).
The government has rent controls and zoning policies that put landowners at a huge advantage.Rule of thumb, try not to spend too much more than 25% of your income on rent.
At 2k a month I think you should get room mates and rent a room in an apartment or a house.If you are dead set on getting your own place, look for bachelor apartments, I've seen them as low as $700 for older/kinda shittier ones to $900.
Far more reasonable in your situation.
Some cheaper bachelor's may not have a full kitchen (honestly I'd be fine with a hot plate, microwave, toaster oven and rice cooker, no need for a full stove) so look for that if its okay for you.Good luck
Also maybe try to keep your total expenses under $1200 or sth if you can manage it.
Say you get a place that's $800/mo, $400 is probably okay for utils and food as long as you're not eating out a lot and cook cheap/healthy meals.
This.
I have never paid more tham 500/month in rent and i live comfy
Which overcrowded liberal coastal city do you live in?
San Francisco?
Nah, too cheap.
My guess is Seattle.