I barely made any money despite trading crypto for 4 months and spending like 7 hours per day glued to the screen, destroying my health, work, and relationships.The more I trade and try to understand the market, the more mentally ill I become, and the worse my results are.At this point, should I throw in the towel?
I've been destroyed so many times, my brain is fried, my soul ground down to practically nothing by repeated JUSTings.
Well, it sounds like the current strategy isn't working.
Staring at the screen for hours isn't going to teach you how to be effective.
Why not sit still for a little while and think about the main things that need to improve, then brainstorm some ways to learn more about them on the internet from reputable sources?
Millions of people trade.
I would recommend keeping it simple and trading less, on more reliable and stable assets like index funds.
i want big gains though.
i think crypto is the best shot we've got, but it isn't going to last forever.
that's why i'm so frenetic and desperate.
Take a step back, buy into some BTC and relax for a couple weeks.
Youre still early, big institutional money is coming in next year.
Ride some BTC or ETH gains for a couple weeks while you clear your head and figure out a gameplan.
You make mistakes when youre emotional and desperate
stick to your gut instinctsi got into zencash at 12.00 got into link at ico got into BCH at 371 metaverse when it was 3.00the only times i lost money was on XLM FOMOand pump and dumps
that's why i'm so frenetic and desperate>problem spotted
lets make a dealyou invest exactly in the coins i tell you to investyou don't dump anything for at least 2 monthsyou post resultsare you man enough?
i'm in
zrx,xlm,req,xvg,cvc
While the market is the same, every individual is different.
Trade according to the strengths of your own personality and don't invest in shitcoins without doing due dilligence.
You can be lucky once in awhile with pump and dumps, but one bad fall that goes against you on a shitcoin and you wouldn't know when to cut your trade.
Be patient.
And yes, we are still considered early adopters, so don't rush or be desperate.
There's still time.
But if you rush and lose and quit before you can really get going, then the game is over.
Not OP, but curious why you picked XLM.
i know that feel, anon.you might regret it if you cash out now, after gaining those months worth of experience.for example, i capitulated on Nov 2nd after my NAV tanked, and I was so pissed i sold, transferred out funds (using LTC) to cuckbase and cashed out.
Guess what happens the next day?
alts start to recover, and NAV goes back to what would've been the breakeven point for me, and worst yet, LTC started going up like 10% as word spread that 2X fork would be canceled.so what's the point i'm making?
well, if you cash out and quit, you can end the pain, but you might also be doing it at a bad time like me in the story above.
so really it's up to you to decide, is this a good time to quit or take a break, or should you muscle up some grit and try to continue trading.i've been feeling nothing but regret from cashing out on Nov 2 because everything i was trading and watching are up 30%.
i even had monero and that went up after being stuck under $90 for weeks.
and right when i cash out, fucking XMR goes above $100 just like that...so by now i've given up but i still watch on the sidelines...it doesn't feel great but definitely less stressful.
You have undiagnosed anxiety.
Get it treated and you will get better at trading.
lol
Listen to this guy.
Req is legit.
Verge is an absolute longshot but it's too good of an opportunity to pass up.
thank, see you in 2 months
I would really like to understand the crypto... i have read that SDR is going to eat BTC and BTC.
Would love if someone could teach me.
I want to get in and get out before this storm thats going on resets everything.
BTC AND ETH