Reminder that Bitcoin Cash can't "flippen" as long as Bitcoin Core is the de facto trading pair.
If a coin can flippen, it's Ether, Litecoin, or Monero.
great picsaved to taunt bccucks with a couple of days from now
I'm not even a maximalist, but this Bitcoin Cash debacle is ridiculous.
We know who the real king is.
Reminder to EVERYONE that BCH trading pairs are coming.
Very soon.
Somebody shop the pic so that it says "tolcoin" instead of Tolkien please
If you take bilateral volume on Bitcoin Core, that is volume from and to pairs, Bitcoin Cash gets blown out of the water by orders of magnitude.
Just you wait another day or two.
Reminder that these pairs will be the beginning of the end for Bitcoin.
Flippening is not going to occur tomorrow.
See .
You're delusional.So you're implying that Ether is already ahead?
Notice something about Binance's tether listings?They're all respective trading pairs in their own right.
4332403Chuckle* Okay kid.
Sucks about those big heavy bags you got, someday I'll give you .0000001 BTC so you can retire from pajeet street.
because bch is in a middle of a pnd right now
Honestly the notion that bch will take btc's place in a matter of days is fucking retarded.
We're talking about $75 billion that has to move over.
We're talking about every exchange introducing new pairs for every coin.
All the scaling issues that bch has that we don't know about yet.
Every retailer and currency service that will have to accept bch.
Basically you're wishing for the entire world to bend for BCH.
It won't happen.
BCH bends instead.
Is there potential over the next year(s) for this to happen?
Sure.
But in a few days... just foolish to think that.
THISBitcoin "trash" bag holders on suicide watch
It doesn't matter if BCC doesn't replace Bitcoin, this disruption just have to continue long enough to get people trading on ETH/LTC pairs so that the alts get less reliant on BTC prices.
All in On litecoin senpai.
Godspeed
As mentioned before, this isn't a problem whatsoever.
If anything, it makes prices more fair by giving alts easier access.
quick and dirty
Approved.
Good enough for me.
Thanks anon
It's important also to note that fiat volume for BCH is heavily in KRW fiatThere will eventually be insufficient USD fiat reserves within the American exchanges for any American BCH owners to cash out, if they ever need to
So much pink incoming.
Fuck this has got to be the most retarded thing I have heard on this board
Basically you're wishing for the entire world to bend for BCH.They actually think this could happen.
The psychology of these niggers is something to behold.