Discuss
Should be interesting.Hope they include stuff about blockchain tech, Ethereum and other altcoins.
clearly this means BCH will overtake BTC, the universe will make it happen just so this shit show's episode is ruined
they will try to hack a bitcoin wallet they found and fail.
thats it.
na
penny looks exactly like my manager
prase kek!
bitcoin was on family guy when it was at $400
They'll talk enthusiastically about it, end up in some kooky situation, discuss how bitcoin is not real money and go back to using fiat.>Big Bang Theory is Illuminati
Is a subplot gonna involve Penny getting P&Ded if u know what i mean?
;)
>pajeet>autist>kikethe holy trinity.
this gon be good
A kike, faggot and woman discuss economicsNah I'll pass thanks
Penny becomes a CEO
Do you think LINK will be in the episode?
big if true
They will have Sheldon get rich off bitcoin, since he's the technical one.
And then by the end of the episode he will have lost all his money due to a crash after bragging to the rest of the crew.The episode will end with a Jamie Dimon guest appearance (followed by the fake "ooooooohhh!"
Audience track) and he will console Sheldon and tell him not to invest in get-rich-quick schemes with no tangible product.Sheldon ends up investing in JP morgan amd earns a nice 1% per quarter
onCan't even get the goddamn preposition right, Christ.
Collegehumor had a bitcoin sketch like 2 years ago.
HahahahahaNo
p comfy episode desu
/Biz/ in a nutshell
Well, they're supposed to be research scientists and also geeks, aren't they?
You'd expect them to delve a little further than just Bitcoin, and go over some of the tech involved...
Shitcom
Buy bitcoin>Price drops 50%>Can't sell it bc 150k pending transactions
BUY BTC NOW THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!!BOTSWANA!!
TBBT is a cancerous normie show.
It's not rooted in any kind of reality whatsoever.
BAZOOPER!!!!
BUY BTC NOW!!!
BOZANGA
What if bitcoin dumps after this airs?
>Indian guy - UH OH, Penny just bought Espers on Yobit instead of Bitcoin>Leonard - Awwww, but we were going to use that money to get married!>Sheldon - Not anymore!
BAZUMBO
BARBADOS
The only possible storyline I could see being funny is if all of a sudden Penny's ex boyfriend Zack, Barry Kripke, Will Wheaton and/or Stuart all become Bitcoin Millionaires.
This pisses Sheldon off to no end, and he desperately looks for the next big alt coin to invest in with the end goal of besting these morons.
Sheldon's shitcoin initially rises during a pump, he rubs it in everyones face like an asshole, then the coin crashes after a dump and we all watch sheldon melt down.
And Dimon gets in at a massive dip and makes %1000 a year for a decade.
the bing bong brothers burp bumcoin bing bing wahoo!
You can sell, just dont be a nigger and pay 1000sat/b.
Gotta pay to play normie.
What an extra 4-5 dollars on a $2000 position?
this is terrible news.
They're going to explain it in a way that makes millions of normies think they understand what it is but don't>Bitcoin is like money but on the internet, bazoogla!This will not bode well after the short term pump as normies might invest out of curiosity, then when they realize they have no fucking idea what's going on FUD hard.
Jamie Dimon guest appearance (followed by the fake "ooooooohhh!"
Audience track)kek'dWell, they're supposed to be research scientists and also geeks, aren't theyNo.
It's a fucking formulaic sitcom designed for the "soap opera audience" i.e.
so you can "watch it" while washing the dishes or eating dinner

This is the beginning of the mind programming to normalize the idea of Bitcoin before the futures, ETFs, and 401K availability hit.
A jewish show with jewish actors and jew cock whores, talking about the biggest anti-jew currency in the world?It can only be bad.
CNN bad.
Which means Bitcoin will go moonward.
:D
Hey guys, I bought some Bitbeans>BOTSWANA
the Burlap Brothers have done it again!
inb4 they shill the wrong Bitcoin
kike show, they're probably all gonna suck core dick
The Netflix movie Dope has Bitcoin as a central plot element and is a way better entertainment piece than Big Bang Theory.
Nice.
The one episode I would watch.
Doesnt matter cause Bitcoin Plus will skyrocket here and ill quintuple my money LOL
Funny if bitcoin is dead before the episode airs.
I could video myself pulling the lint out of my belly button and that linty stuff that gets around the tip of my dick and it would make better entertainment than Big Bang TheoryA video filmed off a video screen showing paint drying and it would be more entertaining, thought provoking, and possess more humour per minute than the big bang theoryA telepathic recording monologue of Kim Kardashian's empty headed brain would possess more insight, humour, and wit than the Big Bang Theory.The gurgles of a brain dead cancer patient would be far more rewarding than even five minutes of the Bazoogla Bang theory
I'm stealing thist.
Chuck Lorre
4335207TBBT is not a show about smart people, if it was the case it would include the way intelligent people address topics.TBBT is a show about how normies think smart people are.
what do u mean?
if it was the case it would include the way intelligent people address topicsA show FOR smart people would do that.TBBT is a show about smart people for dumb people.
MAINSTREAM SHITCOM
more pseudo's le rebel against le evil capitalism le me so smart lelelelelelCan't wait to take their money.
So.... this means 1 million new customers within the next few days?
RIP BCH
>sheldon did you seriously quit your job to spend all your time trading altcoins?>yes penny, it was only logical, BINANCE>b-but Sheldon those digital coins aren't->TOO LATE, I just purchased 10000 digibytes.>oh my God how much did you pay for>BITCONNECT
>"I wouldn't be caught dead being a stinky linky!">BAZINGA!
bazinga
Roger ver was in LA the other week.
I bet he will guest star in the episode and shill bitcoin cash instead.