If and when a flipping occurs, which coin would it likely be?
I say XMR due to it taking over the black markets and functioning like a Swiss Bank account.
Agree?
Disagree?
Which coin do you think can, and may eventually, kill the King?
monero will come close, but there will never be a flippening.
bitcoin will always be #1
This.
Monero is valuable, but will never overtake BTC.
The facts that OP mentions (black market functionality) mean that XMR will increase in value, but will never overtake Bitcoin because it'll be demonized in mainstream circles and institutional money will avoid it.
Even as technology advances, do you still think it'll be #1?
In a year?
In five years?
Ten years?
I can't think of one invention where the first brand stayed on top a decade or so.
Perhaps blockchain will be different, though I think it's healthy to have skepticism towards the notion that it'll be an exception to this.
It won't be anything that's just 'slightly better BTC in one area'Something needs to inherently change up how crypto is done for it to take the throne
But if institutional money becomes the primary factor, wouldn't something like Iota, Ripple, or Link become top dog?
What are electric guitars?Gibson and fender still run the show.
Les paul from 59?
in 59 was $300, now about $400,000.
Crypto is our generations rock and roll, and and the coins are the instruments.
maybe in 20+ years I could see a market cap flippening, but it would be to a coin that doesn't exist yet.
Comparing actual technology which represents ways to more efficiently act as currencies to instrumentsI mean at least it isn't food
in 20 years HAHAHAHAHA
I agree, XMR is actually being used as a currency and does not take days to confirm
Crypto is less than 10 years old.
There's no way BTC lasts another 20
There is no way the normieworld will allow Monero to be the king.
The very things that make Monero strong will also prevent it from ever being super mainstream.
It'll always be a sorta underground coin, but it will definitely be the undisputed king of that niche.It also has the largest chance of pissing off governments, and there's been quite a few rumors the Trump admin will be strongly targeting darkmarkets and presumably stealth cryptos in the near future.
I don't really see it killing Monero though, but probably will limit it's investment growth a lot.I think it's the only crypto that really satisfies the origional promise of Bitcoin though.
True anonymous international currency.
It's a cyberpunk's wet dream.
No, because institutional investors will always be conservative/late movers.
Bitcoin still has the power of name recognition and longevity.
I think those coins will do well in the long run, but they are coins used for transactions, not designed as stores of value in themselves.
So, I doubt they would overtake BTC even if they see significant adoption and moon.
maybe, maybe not.
We might see a Facebook-overtakes-Myspace situation, but we could also see an Amazon situation.
Amazon was founded when the internet was less than 10 years old, and it's still going strong over 20 years later.
so gay
Maybe when whales get tired of being kidnapped and extorted.
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/turkish-police-bust-bitcoin-extortionists-who-netted-3-54-million-from-victims/
Apparently, the gang decided to target the wealthy businessman after seeing images in which he showed off an extravagant lifestyle, including meals in luxurious restaurants, on social media.
1k$ 2018 eoy screencap this
XMR is BTC 2.0
The more private the more secure.
Couldn't BTC realistically hardfork to copy any competitor?
I feel like BTC's short comings can essentially be worked out by producing new coins in the future that fork from it that aren't complete shit(aka BTC Gold)
XMR uses it's own PoW algorithm called CryptoNight, theoretically, it could, but XMR already has the clout, the dev and research team, and is already established.
I see, ty for the response
monero seems to really have a pretty good potential it will start skyrocketing when it has hardware wallet support
I hope monero will take it slowly so I can put as much cash in as I have.
I currently hold 80 percent of my savings in monero.
Anyone who thinks BTC will always be on top is 100% retarded and delusional.
It will stay on top for a while, but I give it 4-6 years max.
Just sold all my monero for BTC cause I always do opposite what /biz says.
Have fun!
lol have fun losing everything when Tether and Bitfinex crumble
an erc20 token becoming top dog