Shill me on Ark coins.
Why do people think they're so great?Hard mode: name 1 thing it does better than any other coin.
Turbo hard mode: if it moons, when?
why?
Hard mode: name 1 thing it does better than any other coin.8 second transaction times.
Meh in the many weeks I’ve been buying and selling this shit coin it hasn’t made me any money.
I just left 500 in my ledger on the off chance this doesn’t turn out like Link did.
Personally I’ve been saying BQX forever and nobody listens to me.
Ark is not only the Lisk killer but the version of Lisk that crypto has always deserved.
Instead of bending over to serve the delegates, Ark created a truly decentralized product, and the delegates will need to join crypto instead of crypto joining the delegates.
Not only does it preform Lisk's single, narrow, and fully cucked use case BETTER -- Ark is the first decentralized DPoS that allows anyone to securely provide smartbridge with access to key external data, off-chain payments, and literally ANY OTHER API YOU CAN DREAM UP.
Anyone can now engrain off-chain data directly onto the blockchain in a DECENTRALIZED way and use that data to directly inform trustless smartbridges.
This is the skeleton key we've been waiting for to actualize the blockchain in real world use cases.
Whats the price for someone to use this revolutoinary service?ARK coins.
Allows cross-chain decentralized interfacing.
Or, will once completed.
Want to interact with an eth smart contract, decentralized storage, and make a payment in ltc all from the same place?
Ark aims to allow that.The thing crypto needs for adoption is layering.
Where we are now is MS-DOS.
Normies don't want that shit, nor do they have the wherewithal to navigate it.
Ark could be the user facing layer that allows easy interfacing with the crypto world as a whole.
top-tier shilling here... 10/10
honest answers:its not great, it just has a weird cult like following.
it doesnt do anything special or revolutionaryit doesnt do anything better than lisk or a handful of other coins.its not mooning today, tomorrow, or everi have 2k ark and im selling these bags at the first opportunity, as soon as i can break even.
which probably wont be for a while because this coin never moves.
hurr durr i fell for a pnd meme thread and i bought high.
guess my only option is not holding so i can fall for more meme threads
ARK will have an ecosystem similar to ETH or NEO once push-button deployable blockchains come out
Plus DPOS staking without the need to keep your wallet running
The use case is that anons are going to start using this as their real bank accounts next year once they release the mobile wallets, NFC and debit cards.>No need to download the blockchain to use the official wallets and be 100% secure>Miners can get voted out if they fuck around since they are voted for by the USERS of the network.
Unlike the bitcucks getting cucked by a mining cartel each week.>New coins shared proportionally among the users second transactions and scalable>ARK has their own NFC, point of sale and debit card coming out.
And with these you still hold all your coins in the official wallet, unlike the other debit card scams like TENX and monaco where they hold your money in (((THEIR))) wallet, which will conveniently get 'hacked' at some pointThen there are the other memes like smart contracts, smart bridge and all that shit.So you can either buy BTC or ETH, with which you will do absolutely fuck all with for the next 10 years other than typing HODL until it gets 'hacked' from your wallet since you need 250GB to use a proper one which nobody can be bothered to do.
Or you can buy ARK for the above.
Stay poor, bitcuck
$50 EOY 2018$100 EOY 2019$1,000 EOY 2020
Stake them
Blocknet is better
When are debit cards coming out?
Will it be US only?
There are no debit cards.
You're misinformed.
They are smart cards that are like a ledger nano in card format.
Idk I understand the idea but the Dev to management looks off, of 26 only 3 appear dedicated to creating a product.
The rest are advisors and board members.
That and it's cycle of pump and dump down trend as bag holders exit.
It'll take a bit more for me to hold some of your bags.
implying anyone is actually selling their ARK anymore
Those are just AMAs on slack, not necessarily partnerships.
Although seeing Tezos and Bancor on that list make me sick [spoiler]because both are Jewish scams[/spoiler].But ARK is great because it will be its only blockchain and yet be the center of many other blockchains once push button blockchains are ready for ARK.
It'll be the new ETH and its connected blockchains the new ETH "tokens".
Also it's connections to all other blockchains will be amazing too.
I'd say if you don't want to buy ark it likely won't moon too much but once push button blockchans are about to be a thing you'll want to be in as soon as possibleI think those are going to be what causes the real moon mission
What?
With no confirmations, lol.
ARK is a Javascript shitcoin.
what are the 51 delegates
What the fuck are you even on about?
I know what DPoS is babby.
operates in every major language
an API for a databaseWoahhh, revolutionary.
To the moon!
This.Real-world usage, mobile and desktop wallets that are light, secure, and can be accessed from anywhere, push-button deployability, smart contracts, and smart cards?
With a rapidly expanding, supportive community backing it (the sub-plebbit has 10,000+ subscribers)?Holy shit.
4481981It's all really nice but I'm still not sold on it being widely adopted.
Sometimes even the best products in the world flop due to being overlooked.
I do , so I can buy more
Yeah I kind of wanna do that, but I also want to keep it in my wallet to stake.
Everyone who fuds ark will have to suck big arkie cock next year
Hes not wrong
Could someone please give me the biz_classic discord?
I hope they keep FUDding.
i mean ark got shilled the fuck out when it was 30 cent and again at 70 cents
The marketing will come later.
They're focused on creating the initial foundation right now; remember that this is still a very new project.
them favoring structure first advertising second makes my dick hard
Same.
You can tell they genuinely care about the community and making Ark succeed, too.
I approve of that decision but you still never know.
Nope, no one knows.That's why crypto is high risk, extremely high reward.
Why dont I see ark on bittrex anymore?
https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-ARKits right there ?
I swear it wasnt there for a few minutes, looked and searched for it
T H E
real recognize real bruh how you doin
hand over the delegates and no one gets hurt
MY NAME IS ENZO ARKMORE AND THIS RIGHT HERE IS BIG DELEGATE AND HES IN THE TOP 51 AND YOU CANT TEACH THAT BADA BOOM FASTEST COIN IN THE ROOM HOW YOU DOIN
xrp 4 secondsTry again
you were looking in the eth pairs
xrp>totally not a centralized shitcoin
Several confirmations within seconds, many after a couple of minutes.
Absolutely agreed on Tezos/Bancor, fucking trash.