Just longed snapchat with 15x leverage, wish me luck.
gl and good gains to youanon
How do you do this?
Im serious I never shorted a company
15% in profit already
Why?
Fundamentals or TA?
Is this a meme?
Short: x short>You have 1 share>Broker gives you 10 shares>You sell those 10 shares>Price of shares go down>You buy back those 10 shares>Since price went down, it cost you less than what you sold for>Return shares>Keep profit
It dropped to a technical low.
why?
everything they do is instantly copied by fb, target audience not gonna expand, etc.
I'm only trading it, snapchat is fucking useless.Closed the trade with 30% profit btw.
nice anon, how much did you put down?
on which plateform are you trading shares?>t.
a coiner with no experience of real stock market
doesnt look sustainable as a business model...i think its highly overrated.
this is like maximum speculation op, snapchat has not neccessary much substance.
what
4378424Sometimes I can't really tell this is a business and finance board
Its a board for coinsFew know how coins AND the stock market/forex/etc work
who cares man, just help explain it.
i know how shorts and long and leverage work but don't understand that post is all
i know righthe's saying you guys are talking about shit that doesn't matter, he's in and out for a quick profit he doesn't care about the long term projections for the product lol
This is PBC stock pick.
They think it has facebook potential.
Really.
I am not kidding.
I sold mine this week.
what is pbc
no
You borrow a book from your friend that you can buy for ten bucks.
You meet some guy who wants to buy your friends book for 20 bucks for whatever reason.
You sell the book and buy the same boom for 10 bucks and give it back to your friend.
You made 10 bucks profit.
That's what shorting is.
Palm Beach Confidential newsletter.
They have become quite well know for their self-fulfilling prophecy shilling of crypto.
In addition to their crypto picks they have a stock pick list.
thanks, but what's the 10x part?interesting—do you subscribe?
You borrow a book from your friend that has a market price of 20 bucks.
Your friend wants $2 deposit.
He also says that if market price of the book goes over 22$ he will come to you, take the book without giving back the $2.You sell the book for $20.Later the market price drops to $10.
You buy a book again, give it back to your friend, he gives you back the $2.THIS is what shorting is.