Why does it feel like everything is about dump
Because everything is green at 20%.
I'm ready to get back into BTC.
It's not.
BTC screwed itself by not doing the hard fork
Not everything is going to go into the dumpster.
Only a coin that holds 58% of the crypto market share.
If you missed out on the alts get in BTC while it's on a dip, don't buy in something that has already gone up 10%.
You wanted a BTC dip?
We're in one boy so get in now faggot.
Many alts are below their ATH in USD.
This pump is just a recovery after all the uncertainty disappeared.
because it is
btc dip will be at 5k not 7 kek
>BTC goes up>alts crash>BTC goes down>alts crash
Ummmm.
Yeah.
Gettin' kinda nervous.
We all bailed on Bitcoin, and it really didn't care that much.
That makes me nervous.
Bitcoin used to tank when we did the weekly cycle back and forth between alts and btc.
It makes me feel like alts are getting ready to tank for absolutely no reason, and I am going to lose my 60% gains while I am in the shitter or something.
Do we go back in to BTC for the weekend, then Sunday afternoon tether up, and figure out what we are going to pump Monday?
What do we do, Lads.
Getting the jitters.
My Bitcoin Jew nose hairs are twitching like those tricksy bastards are getting ready to crash alts and pump Bitcoin.
I see a lot of (((Them))) just went long on BTC.
it's because this is the calm before the stormethereum is going to be btfo
I went all into bitcoin before I made this thread.
Securing profits.
Dont own any Eth or Forks thereof.
I dumped them all when Money skelley went political.
I have no opinions on it, but I know a lot of people do, and I figured it would tank.
Sonofabitch.
We are all supposed to do this together.
Do I go in to BTC now?
Quick!
Tell me NOW.
BTC went up higher than everyone expected.
Alts can do the samw
that depends on your timeline, but people want to buy asap.
This is the dip
all the alts are in green, seems suspicious...
Did he tweet that "would like to hire" tweet before or after the wallet issue lool
zoom out alts to see them from start and then do the same to bitcoin
Fuck it.
Going in to BTC to secure profits.
MADE BANK!
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA!!!!
LOL see you when bitcoin hits 5k.
If you think alts are gonna tank you don't understand how markets work.Get rekt bitchboy.
He made it before.
the wallet issue happened 48 minutes later.
gotta go secure profits.
Back in a bit, Lads.
whales love "low prices", they could stay around here for months, or worse, dump hard and stay lowthey're always accumulating and taking profits, low prices allow more accumulation and profit with less capital, or more profit with the same (growing) capitalWhen they pump is to dump even more or in anticipation to a major eventthey're not waiting for alts to go to ATH, they decide when it goes to ATH
Before.
Curse is real and he's a commie russo-canadian cuckfaggot sperg neet degenerate who is highly likely probably a fucking jew.
Just because I secured profits doesn't mean I don't have a fat all in buy orders on vertcoin in the 58- 61k zone
whales are accumulatingThis fucking meme
58- 61Don't think it will dip that hard.Also, anon, speaking of eth byzant friendly coins - what about Grs?
It has 4x less the marketcap than Vert...
That does sound appealing
But then again that piece of shit went 50000x in the middle of trex s2x fear-era......so maybe it got "overbought" to high heavens idk
Please keep us updated if we plan a pump on this Monday.
Take it easy Lads.
Secure profits in Bitcoin by buying more smaller amounts.
We need to sneak in the back door before those tricksy (((Hobbits))) see us.
if we plan a pump on this Mondaywhat?
And don't forget to secure your Alt buy orders.
We need to figure out what and when those are.
I'm not going to conduct the pump.
I don't have time to make it function properly.
I'm just saying I will participate if someone forms a group.
A Discord.
after the shitshow that just happened I dont think people are lining up to buy btc now, all the greed just got pulled out of their sails
"People" Aren't lining up for it, (((People))) are.
(((They))) are buying longs in bulk atm.
Everything is actually below satoshi price from a month ago, the dollar value is the same because btc went up but satoshi value is waaaay below.
I dont kno if itll ever recover....i really should have sold off like everyone else
I'm just secured my 60% Alt gains, will ride Bitcoin up 3 or 5%, or whatever that trash manages over the weekend, tether up Sunday afternoon when everything crashes.
and buy back in to Alts very late Sunday night, or very early Monday Morning.
Every time BTC was about to correct, new rounds of Tether gets created out of nothing to prop it up.
Kinda like the (((U.S. Dollar)))
it sure is nice to have a federal reserve on our side for once.
we will all be rich as long as they can cash out like 15% of the USDT supply at any given instant
Are "We" (((Them)) now?
Top Kek.
So should I drop alts for BTC today?
it depends do you coin dive on faucet
idk desu senpai but i'm cashing out, leaving some profits in alts but something feels fishy...
Yhanks for the heads up, Anon.
Im sneaking in the back door right now.
This is going to take a while.
Lol.
Maybe getting rekt so much has developed a "spidey sense" of sorts.
Or maybe it's a form of PTSD/paranoia
If by "everything" you mean BTC, then yeah, absolutely.As for alt coins, no, Alt coins overall havent had a good old fashioned rally since May this year.
Alts are long overdue to catch up with market now that the whole BTC fork bullshit has cleared (for now).
Alts are like matches.
Very useful, but if you hold them too long, you get burned.
I have learned to feel the heat getting close to my fingers, drop the match.
then, when the time is right, strike another match.
Most Alt's, including Ethereum, arent competing with BTC retard.
BTC is a currency coin, most Alt's are for shit like decentralized market, exchanges, cloud storage, bridging, smart contracts, etc.
Apples and fucking oranges.
The best alts right now are Zap.Store ICO and NLC2 without a doubt
I'm balls deep in the green on my alts since holding April this year.
Maybe you shouldnt trade pajeet tier pump and dump shit coins, and do some homework instead.
now is time to buy btc?
How holy cow.
The vitriol.
Are you two OK?We, um trade Crypto.
Its how you get rich.
Calm down.
I'm going back in to Alts Monday.
Stay poor.
wow.
Get some meds.
Up to you.
a lot of "Us" are.
(((They))) just went long on BTC en masse.
"We" are planning on Bailing on Bitcoin Sunday afternoon, Tethering up, then going back in to Alts early Monday.
In other words, you fucking retards better sell your alts now because the smart money exits on a 20% gain and the dumb money gets dumped on (Sunday, lol)t. Former bagholder
Take it easy, Son, were not buying in to Bitcoin to be hodlers like you, we are just using it as a safehaven while (((They))) crash alts.
Then, when the alts come back, "We" will dump bitcoin like a one night stand, because thats all it is for us.
(((dumbass)))
k?
it will dip to 2.2k idiot, goldman sachs called it, they know more than you
That would be amazing.
I would take out every loan I could get & max out every card I have.
I don't expect that either though, but I definitely expect about 4600.
Less than 5k which is a huge psychological line & just low enough for the fear that it's still going to shake out the remaining weak hand that don't want to see a 50% loss.