Is SALT Lending still a viable platform after everything that happened today?Anyone believe in it?
What happened today?
SALT is essentially a scam.
Anyone who thinks it’s a free option (“if I get margin called it’s good bc I keep cash”) doesn’t understand taxes.
Loan forgiveness = income.
If you take out a sale loan $100, backed by $130 of crypto) and BTC dips, you’ve essentially sold BTC to fiat at the low price.
Nobody will rationally use SALT.
The people involved have too much of a reputation to be bolstering up a scam.
I'm not convinced your opinion holds any water.
Um...
I disagree.If you thinkBitcoin appreciation+Gains from investment from loanwill be > interest and fees on loanThen leveraging your BTC could be incredibly profitable.
just the stuff between BCH and BTC
Yes, they will take whatever are the biggest crypto coins.
No matter what happens with bitcoin, crypto isn't going away anytime soon.
/thread
you shouldn't be entitled to give opinions on topics y I u don't understand filthy brainlet
brainlet pajeet
Why dont I see more people talking about SALT?
4291405
People are quietly waiting until it releases, I guess.That's silly though because if it moons we are going to mars.Still, there should be a lot more talk seeing as it's in the top 40 on coin market cap after only a month.Who cares though, I am quietly accumulating until all the pajeets catch on.
so i guess if SALT was up and runnnig last year, many people would have lost all their money cos their BTC wouldn't worth nothing by now, r-r-right?get wagecucked, you need to learn about BTC, loans and economy- keep going, just another few years of practice and you'll get there sonny
I am looking forward more to using the platform than the price of SALT rising.But still, considering that they are selling it for $25 on the dashboard, you are getting it for a steal right now.
$25 a nice target with plenty of gains to be had in between.
Nobody will rationally use SALTthis has to be a troll
 Why dont I see more people talking about SALT?There were plenty of threads on here this past week.
I think people are finally starting to catch on.I honestly think its a good thing that its not being shilled relentlessly like some other coins on biz.
we already accumulated at 2.50 and are patiently waiting
newfags cant saltforce△△△
.50 homie