>the flippening
Congrats on this, seriously
>child porn should be legal
seriously congrats on this like so seriously.
It should and anyone who feels otherwise is thinking with their emotions.
This meme was better with the pics of guys with swords tb h
Children engaging in sexual acts is typically very damaging psychologically to the children.>Letting a market grow around this incentives it>Lots of children grow up derangedIs more bipolar/deranged people in society a good thing or a bad thing?
Ethereum made bitcoin obsolete
 more shia leboufs> more emma watsons> more linken parksidk really it about evens out
I think we've reached a point where we can honestly say we've lost total connection with any sort of religious views on good or bad.The lefties are trying to save the world, the righties are trying to keep it together.
People like us wanna get power and fuck women.
Women are confused, men are confused, our children don't know what's good or bad.>insert:I don't have to tell you things are bad.
Everybody knows things are bad.
It's a depression.
Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job.
The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter.
Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it.
We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TV's while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be.
We know things are bad - worse than bad.
They're crazy.
It's like everything everywhere is going crazy, so we don't go out anymore.
I don't have to tell you things are bad.
Everybody knows things are bad.
It's a depression.
Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job.
The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter.
Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it.
We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TV's while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be.
We know things are bad - worse than bad.
They're crazy.
It's like everything everywhere is going crazy, so we don't go out anymore.Pretty sure crime overall has dropped significantly almost everywhere on the planet over the last decades.Nice narrative though you should write a near future or alternate history sci fi book.
nah actually nearly everything is getting betterhttps://www.ted.com/talks/hans_and_ola_rosling_how_not_to_be_ignorant_about_the_worldThe only thing that will really fuck us is global warming and overpopulation (overpopulation will die down once the brown people get a decent standard of education ~1 generation from now)
people cashing out an ETH pump to buy in later on a BTC dip
global warming... oh im sorry, i didn't know the average IQ in this thread was , i'm off now.
Hi destiny
Both of those are propaganda you retarded fuck.
Muh Steven PinkerBut yeah there's convincing evidence that he (and you) are right.
He thinks Africans can be educatedBetter men have tried before, and failed miserably
This meme is shit.
kys.
Of course its the scientists producing the propaganda with there massive science funding, not the trillion dollar fossil fuel industry.
Got ya.MsC in theo physics and pure math @ top tier uni (hardest shit from each of those too: QFT, GR, algebraic geometry, chain complexes, mac lanes bitch etc).
Writing a neural network right now to do stock market predictions.
Get rekt brainlet.
>the sarcastic plushface
You are a brainlet!
In fact I'm writing a neural network right now!Will you be done in 26 minutes?
>bollinger bands tightening

Disgusting
Fucks sake, wake up dunderheadhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCy_UOjEir0