Is QSP dead now?
Just a free fall from here?
Doubt it, its been one day, its a coin that pays you to Hodl and it burns tokens when they are used.
People dont really know what it is yet.You get the best benefit from holding.
IDK, but feeling pretty good about selling the near top, buying the dip near bottom, then selling near top againPersonally I think its over jst because it's close to the "news"
got banned on their telegram for complaining about them not meeting their own fucking deadlines with this news drop.HOW DARE I
Still top volume, and huge buy walls on binance
i trolled their telegram for like 2 hrs earlier while buying lows and selling highs.
kek
Praying this comes in tomorrow.
Was so beautiful seeing it hit 20 cents.
It has a similar supply to REQ, but how come QSP managed to pump 5x from ICO price?
Monopoly, Req has competition in OMG and new projects on the Horizon, Quantstamp is the Versisign of the crypto world and they are the only ones.
In the future you will not buy into an ICO without a "Quantstamp"
Also you get paid to HODL (POH) and and he tokens are burned when spent.
It's rising literally just right now
https://medium.com/@richard_19839/vc-firm-kenetic-capital-invests-in-quantstamp-84a9d44465ac
was about to post that, Vitalik Buterin indirect advisor
Worth moving POWR profits to QSP?
I would, as awesome as POWER is and it is AWESOME, QS on the other hand is another beast its been ONE day since ICO this coin is going to be a dollar by next week at the latest.
I have both right now
a dollar next weekYou think so?
That would put the cap at 600 million.
I mean, that's just...
Learn TA Pajeeeet
less than OMG :P
Yeah sure, but OMG has far fewer tokens.
Sure, but OMG tokens dont burn QS does there will be less QSP than OMG at one point soon dont to mention the POH rewards.
It s the ultimate Hodlers Coin.
Can you link me where it says QSP tokens will be burned?
Says on their whitepaper
4504070
Percentage wise that does not matter.
hey Im trying to get you a copy of the whitepaper, it states the conditions for burning in there but im struggling to do it in on my phone:S
4518489Oh ok cool, thanks guys.
how do you mean?
What he is getting at is its entirely irrelevant how many tokens there are, its to do with the percentage of the price action, I.e Token (a) is 1$ token (b) is 0.00001 $ , if you invest the same amount of money into both you will and token (a) gains 600% its 6$ in token (b) gains 700% its worth .007 but its price is irrelevant as you made 100% more profit.
You're comparing OMG price to QSP price.
But If I invest $100 into OMG before 1200% rise.
It will be equivalent to those $100 i invested into QSP if the price will also rise 1200%
4518867Well yeah of course.
What I mean is that because QSP has so many tokens, the price rising up to $1 would make the company highly overvalued therefore it's unlikely to go up that much.
FOMO ;-)
Maybe.
Crypto markets are crazy anyway so it might happen.
Hope this shit free falls.
Raising £30m to audit smart contracts..
Pure greed.
The pajeet following it has is pathetic as well.
Its matter a bit, more coins make price less volatile.
Lots of money left to chase the BCC pump.
Look at charts of POWR and RDN.
All 3 started dumping around same time.
ur just sad u didnt get to get these sweet gains BUY THE DIP
today's news leak, it cannot be posted on telegram since a bot deletes anything that looks like a web addresshttps://archive.is/tNDpH
That made the coin raise up to 0.20 some hours ago, now it fucking crashed into oblivion again
My TA says moon
But it says huge dip incoming
Their ICO literally awarded bonuses to the best shills, if you bought into this shit tactic, fuck you and I hope you like losing money.
Nobody else is buying this trash coin run by greedy cocksuckers.