I dont get you people, are all of you daytraders?
You stupid fucking faggot living off mommys internet.
How about this scenario, MAYBE I BOUGHT AT 7.3k because all you faggots said it was going straight to 10k.
NOW LOOK WHATS HAPPENING FUCK ALL YOU.
damn bro better sell it before it goes even lower ;)
But it will go to 10k... eventually.
Fucking relax.
Don't really blame them, the millionaires and people with a couple of thousand BTC got rekt, someone told them btc was going to 10k.I'm not joking.
relax, it'll be 10k in a few months
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO RELAX WHEN IM LITERALLY BLEEDING RIGHT NOW
This could be the last chance to buy it cheap.Kek
dude.
buying bitcoin at above 7k.
Cmon now.
Are you new to life?
Look at the graph man.
It went from 400 to 7k in less than a year.
Then 3k to 7k none stop.
There will be correction.
6k has strong support.Calm down and don't look at graph or checking price.
I can't believe I'm buying Bitcoin for under 1500 USD right now.
ever heard of the cost average effect, you dumb fuck?
You were literally told it was going back to 4k.
Just sell for ETH and buy back when BTC is done dumping.
Buy more now, improve your average.If you buy, let's say at 7k and then at 6k you only need to hit 6500 to break even.
this, bitcoin is so fucking cheap rn
 CNY has been deposited into your account
Why would you buy because strangers on the internet told you to?
shekel has been deposited to your account
Explain that image to brainlet please.
cheap bitcoinkFuck off retard
bitcoin corecuck development team intentionall made bitcoin corecuck have slow transaction times and high fees so that they can later force an off-chain technological solution that fixes these issues.
it also centralizes transactions and lets them take out feestl;dr bitcoin core has been utterly kiked
Yeah I’m so happy being able to but biticoin at 1300.
Long live the king
I bought at the big rally yesterday at 6885kill me pls
Cost averaging is pretty sweet.
If I wasn't such a brainlet it wouldn't have taken me 5 months to figure that out!
Can explain this anon?
I'km still learning.
umm where the fuck is is 1 btc less than $1,500 usd?
bitcoin is trading for about 1280 dollars now on every major exchange
cost average everyday baby
probably trolling but wtf are you talking about?
right now btc/usd is 6390, 6431, 6470, etc.
Bitcoin cash IS Bitcoin.
Um sweetie, bitcoin cash IS bitcoin...
4301519Wew lad this whole sphere might not be for (You).
Don't listen to these shills, the true king is trading at $6.4k right now.
These chinks come sieging btc with all they've got and all they manage is to cause btc to dip to a two-week-old ath lol.
Look at BCH's history, they've tried to hijack BTC once.
When it failed, they gave it up and dumped on everyone's face
This is a pretty good explanationhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQvYrr1tTA
Can explain this anon?
I'km still learning.Read this, friendo:https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/dollarcostaveraging.aspIt basically means that you always better buy in smaller units.I for example buy in 5-10% steps of the original money amount.