>"So Anon, your mom was telling us that you're quite the investor!"
Yeah, you heard it right.
Now, do any of you dumb broads have a friend above a fucking 6?
The king is horny.
What does that room smell like?
[UPROARIOUS LAUGHTER]
Piss
bags of sand
cheap perfume and used tampons
salty coins and milk

Ughh too old, didnt my mom tell you i was all in on ETH?
Too many humans in one room.
Pry smells like piss shit and feet
When will this happen for me.
I just want to impress girls.
Salty nocoiners
strawberries and lotion with a bit of musk
DUDE i know exactly what youre talking about.
Absolutely disgusting
gefilte fish from last night with Mr. Bergmanstein
Yep I'm the next Warren Buffet"who's that?"
Lmao none of those women have anything special about them.
They don't even exercise.
Disgusting.
4354597fedora tips
parabens and other noxious industrial chemicals
white knight pajeet detected
god these girls are ugly
They'll be saying that if you get in MCO right now, VISA CARDS APPROVED, NEWS JUST DROPPED!!
"Yeah, I have actually been building up a pretty nice portfolio in the last few month on some higher risk investments.
Figured I would broaden my horizons from real estate...
Anyway, what are you guys up to today?"
Whatever the Weinstein brothers smell like after a long night of auditions.
dont fall for the pump and dump.
its a sad little group trying to unload bags
Haha, her and her stories.
I don't really know much.
Just a couple index funds :^^^^^^^^^^^)
he asked for "smell" you faggotmuch better
4354771It's the cheerleader effect in action.
You get nervous because it seems like you have the attention of a room full of hot 6-7s and then you look at each one of them individually and realize they're all just a bunch of dirty whoresWHO DO NOT DESERVEA SINGLE DROPOF MY GOD TIER SEMEN
everything smells, salty coins and milk included
>yeah i take a broad out shopping, buy her some nice clothes, get her hair done and shit>then drop her ass on the track and watch that ho bring me $1700 a day
Kek haha
jesus christ have you ever actually spoken to a woman before?
/thread
This God I hate people who use shit like that
Also this, kekCan't wait until I'm a millionaire just so I can pretend to not be one when I actually am
Stop shilling this.
It's over, just give it up.
Y-you too.
Sweat, slight nasty hint of old shit and rancid earthy smell of unwashed/sweaty vagina.
All this tried to hide with cheap deodorant or perfume which gets so intense it literally stings in your eyes.
It's repulsive, srs.
Hahahahaha this made me kekSeriously but there is maybe 1 person above a 6 in that photo, that's horrendous.
Agreed What does pussy taste like tho
heh, ya for sure.
it was nice seeing you all, have fun tonight>go to roomreal fuckin tough one op
I'll give you 100 link for a hug
If it's clean, not much, but the taste has a slightly sweet tang when she's wet, and a musky smell.Lick the back of your hand then smell it to get a pretty accurate idea of the scent.
t-t-thanks, anont.
virgin
Anytime friend, I wish you many financial gains to one day have the confidence to get that elusive gf.
LET'S SETTLE THIS ONCE AND FOR ALLPUSSY TASTES EXACTLY LIKE AN ARMPITIF SHES CLEAN AND SHOWERED, VERY LITTLE.
IF SHE JUST GOT DONE WITH THE GYM, EXACTLY LIKE SWEATY ARMPITIT EVEN SMELLS PRETTY CLOSE TOOIT'S BASICALLY ANOTHER ARMPITTHINK ABOUT IT
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand crypto currency.
The trades I do are extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical market trends most of the gains will be lost to a typical baby boomer.
There’s also /biz/'s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into the characterisation of the market- in which our true philosophy draws heavily from bitstofreedom literature, for instance.
The users of biz understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of the market, to realise that they’re not just all about memes - they say something deep aboutLIFE.
As a consequence people who dislike crypto trulyAREidiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in /biz/'s relevent catchphrase “Hodl,” which itself is a cryptic reference to how the market is in constant flux and regularly bounces back.
I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as trading views charts update in real time on their comouters screens.
What fools.. how I pity them.
And yes, by the way, i DO have a large amount of holdings.
And no, you cannot see it.
It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they have a portfolio as diverse as my own (preferably with some futures) beforehand.
Nothin personnel kid
It was hard for me to accept this back in virgin days, but having a gf is 100% not worth it.
6 months in they become full time bitches, they are a financial burden, emotionally unstable and no matter how much you think you like her initially that all fades away.Get rich, get a vasectomy, fuck and bust in every hoe thats trying to get rich off of your god semen, then when you actually want a kid, use your dna to fertilize an egg artificially.
Expensive but you're richAlso make sure the gender is male.
Unless you want your inheritance to be spent on fashion.
I-I-I h-have 89b-b-b-b-b-b-tc c-c-can I-i s-s-s-s-s-sit-t nex-x-x-t t-to one of y-you?
P-p-please r-respond
True, however you're missing out the fact that armpits don't have pussy juice that tastes metallic/salty if it's unclean.
Yup anon I am smart too
Underrated post
cheerleader effect, they're all ugly
Fucking this.
God damn roasties.