/biz/ I've got $1000 that I want to put into crypto for fun/gains.
I've been reading white papers all week and trying to analyze the future of this market.
My plan looks like this:Use LTC to buy altcoins and hold my funds until BTC settles down.
Go in on coins that are dirt cheap, like sub $1 right now.
Also wait for a dip and try to hop on XMR while it is cheap.altcoins I'm interested in:LINKmaybe POWR/SLRSo, am I retarded or is this somewhat of a decent plan?
I'm all in on FUN personally.
It's at pretty much ATL right now and their product is set to launch in Q1 2018.
It's hard to watch nameless shitcoins pump while holding it but I'm confident it'll pay off.
What kind of gains are you looking for?You'll need to find something promising with a smaller market cap to start measuring your gains in multiples rather than percentages.
learn what marketcap means, srs.
The price of a coin itself doesn't mean shit.LINK and POWR just mooned, NEVER EVER buy in after a coin just pumped.
Wait till it found healthy buysupport.In order to find 10x - 25x gems look for projects below 1mio marketcap with steady increase in volume and atleast 1btc volume.my tip: dyor and invest in an undervalued masternode coin.
If you run a node you get passive PoS block rewards while you wait for the coins to pump.
There are currently two Coins on coinexchange where 0.12 - 0.14 btc will get you enough coins to run a masternode.
well, I'm not sure.
I'm not entering with goals beyond 'make money and cash out when appropriate'I'll look into that, haven't heard of it until now.
Cheers
This.
There's also CRDS on coinsmarkets which is currently trading at around 700 sats.
5k for a masternode, so .035 BTC, the cheapest I've found so far.
Also, the masternode payments are gonna double next year (at the expense of miner rewards so inflation stays constant), which is pretty sweet.Good luck, hope we make it heh
Check out DRP.
following up with a bitcointalk link:https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1944858.0if you read through you can see the interesting development this coin has had.
Started off strong, died completely due to pajeet fuckery, was taken over by white people and is now running strong again.
Constant low-level development.idk if I'll regret posting about it here but I'm out of BTC anyway.
It's worth a look for you small fish who can afford .035 BTCThere are only like 100 people in their Discord right now and the coin has been under the radar for ages, it kind of pulled a Verge / Bitbean in that it died and came back stronger than ever.
I expect it to be a solid 10k sat/50 cent coin in the future unless BTC really skyrockets from here
4414724This is good info, thanks anons.
I'll read up more on the way nodes work.
I'm a fan of Upfiring (UFR) personally, but anything with a small cap is risky.
UFR's token burn is November 19th, so I'd wait until we're closer to make a decision on whether to buy.
The market should decide which direction it wants to move soon.
What coins would you recommend?
I have that amount and I've been meaning to explore masternodes.
Obsidian.
10% staking per year.
Product release imminent.
People on biz FUD it for virtually no reason.
Low market cap.
dyorhttps://obsidianplatform.com/blog
we're wondering the same thing in here, come help us decide https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
LINK and POWR just mooned,What are you talking about, Link is at all time low.
Buy Link now or regret in a few months
Seconded.
I've been staking Obsidian (ODN) for weeks now on a Raspberry Pi, and it's already netted me enough to cover the cost of the hardware even during this alt bear market.
Try to flip CFD.
and it's already netted me enough to cover the cost of the hardwarehow much did you stake for that?
k, accumulated slowly since the trading volume is garbage
All in Zencash
meh, not sure if the staking rewards outweigh the risk for ODN
Joined, I'll be able to participate more later.Another question, how long does everyone think this crypto market will last?
Here's what I think: The current market will hold out for about two years and will crash quickly soon thereafter.
Most coin is going to die in that time frame but a few will survive and become exponentially more valuable.
Thoughts?
Why two years in your opinion?
two or three.
I think crypto is isolated and thats a good thing for now.
I think to many people are going all in out of desperation/ stupidity and one really big panic will crash it once it becomes REALLY mainstream.
I highly doubt exchanges can pay everyone trying to cash out during a situation like that.
I give it two or three years to achieve that level of presence in the public eye.
It will get big enough that crashes and fluctuation will affect real world markets more directly.just my two cents, may not be worth anything
makes sense, hope you're correct
Way too much shilling and it still hasn't bottomed out imo.
Either way, I wouldn't touch it with a 10 feet pole atm.
When looking at microcaps, always DYOR.- Low marketcap with a healthy orderbook on the buyside and thin on the sell side.
- daily volume 0.5 - 1 btc- Only buy the dip / slowly accumulate at support.
buying the pumps will destroy you- active dev with active community, join their slacks & telegram, look at their github- also look out for coins which are about to implement masternodes- the coin should at least be listed at cryptopia, any other marketplace with lower volume can get you burned hard.I really like NETKO (not really a MN, but great staking rewards.
staking 5000 coins will get you 1 block with 25 netko per day), BTDX (MN is expensive, but nets you 1300 usd a month) and maybe CRAVE
If that is your crow in the picture, train him shill a coin and send him free.
Then invest in the said coin and wait for a few months -> profit
fucking brilliant
TokenCard release Dezember
How do you avoid the pajeet coins and get in on hot altcoins before the big pump?
How do you avoid the pajeet coins and get in on hot altcoins before the big pump?be smart, work hard, and pay attention desulazyfags get nothing
You fuckers need to realize that "under a $1" means jack shit.Tron is super cheap.
It's only $0.002 per coin.
You could buy thousands or millions of them.
Imagine how rich you will be when Tron hits $1.Now open your eyes are realize that Tron has 100,000,000,000 tokens.
For Tron to hit a $1 it will need a similar market cap to Bitcoin.
Ain't.
Fucking.
Happening.When looking for "cheap" coins you should be sorting the list by market cap, not by the coins price.
You could have a crypto with only a 1000 coin supply.
Imagine the crypto just launched and the price per coin is $1000.
This $1000 coin is much "cheaper" than something like Tron because the market cap is only $1m with lots of room to grow.
atmos
I'm staking 20k and have been on a dry run recently.
I had a whole bunch of stakes early on and now it's evening out.
Still way above 10% annually though, which is supposed to be the target.
I'm closer to 20% atm.
accelerator token soon be coming to yobit, easy money.
Dont fall for other memes
Good info, thanks mate
not to mention the fact that dollar price is completely irrelevant for 99.9% of coins since you're taking a position based on BTC.
All that matters is sats.
right, I plan on staying away from btc until it dips again.
ltc seems stable enough to work with for now.
Good idea?
right, I plan on staying away from btc until it dips again.
ltc seems stable enough to work with for now.
Good idea?No clue.
You want something that holds its value in sats like I said.
I don't personally think LTC looks great but it's your call.
MOD and IOTA?!?!
dirt cheap, like sub $1 right nowthis is not how it works kid
How does it work then?