Gimme tips pls We are selling 35 Cake Pop $1 each 30 Brownies $1 each30 Cookies $1 each50 Chocolate Pretzels $1 each2 gallons of lemonade 50 cents
bump
Get a pack of off brand oreos...Get a can of off brand sweetened condensed milk (14 oz)...Get two of the 12 oz bags of white chocolate chips...Heat the condensed milk in a medium pan on med low heat.
Once it warms up enough to melt chocolate, slowly stir in a bag of white chocolate chips.
Once these melt, pour in half of the second bag.
After everything melts together crush up the cookies and add them in the mixture.
Fold in the cookies gently to not tinge the fudge from white.
Pour into a nonstick pan and let set, you now have a pan of white chocolate oreo fudge...and it's fucking amazing and sells amazingly.
Add holiday sprinkles to get the Christmas peeps buying.
If you pick up an extra bag of white chocolate and can of condensed milk you can stretch a pack of oreos to two batches.
So for under $10 you have two good sized batches of fudge.
Save a bit of the cookies to crumble on top of the fudge as well.You can even use cupcake wrappers (foil) and it sets amazingly in those, just don't get them too full.
Buy a 16 oz can of vanilla cake frosting (not the whipped variety, that is shit)...Buy a 16 oz can of off brand crunchy peanut butter...Buy a pack of reeses pieces...Buy a small container of corn starch (one tin will last you months)...In a microwave safe bowl add the entire container of frosting and around 14 oz of the peanut butter.
Microwave on high for 45 seconds, remove and stir, then back in the microwave for 45 seconds.
Remove it and stir it again, then microwave for 45 more seconds.
Remove if from the microwave and stir in the reese's pieces.
Add 1 tbsp of corn starch for texture then pout into a nonstick pan.
Now you have an amazing reese's peanut butter fudge with peanuts.
Here's our "Gourmet" selection...Buy one 16 oz can of chocolate cake frosting (again, not whipped)...Buy one jar of crunchy peanut butter...Buy one of those 12 packs of ferrero rochers...Microwave it just like last time, but this time add crushed up ferrero rochers before you nuke it.
once you pour it and it sets, boom...peanut butter/hazelnut chocolate fudge.
People love this shit man.