(BTC-BCC)On the right we see a giant sell wall composed of butthurt FOMOers holding some heavy bags, who want their money back...Guys, just give it up already.
Roger Ver the Jew Jitsu brown belt tricked you guys.
Get jew'd bitches.
If you clicked Show All, we'd have to get through at least 9k bitcoins worth of BCC just to get back to ATH again, not including the bots that will autosell whenever they slightly profitBCC is pretty much fucked for now
since when have depth charts been a useful predictor of future price?I see them posted way more often than they are worth.
This is not an analysis of price prediction.
Its insight into human psychology.
Look at the disparity between vanity and reality of BCH bag holders.
That should be a concern.One step further: look at the volume of bag carriers who bought above 0.2.
That is a lot of individual users who feel the burn right now and will never get back in to BCH if they ever get out.
This post is spot on, if I ever get out even I'm not touching this shit again unless something big happens.
That wall was slowly crawling from 0.3 to 0.2.
Beatiful.
i bought in at $1400, i put a sell order at $2000.
though I do agree, people do seem really spooked right now.If I don't see a second wave I'll probably cut my losses by the end of the week.I'm thinking BTC'ers will just see this as another failed coup attempt, declare victory and drive it up to $8000
Is ver seriously a brown belt???
I'll probably cut my losses by the end of the weekYes, many people think the same thing, which is why the next pump will happen after people like you pull out.
^_^
I never understood the dumb niggers who put sell walls like this up because that's where they break even.
By doing so they just actively tell the market not to buy and thus the coin never rises again until after they drop their bags.BCH is going to moon so it's even more retarded, .34 will be cheap soon enough.
coin will never rise because sell wall>going to moon tho
The real action is on eth>bch you pleb
Yep, it's the perfect signal to watch for butthurt levels while accumulating...
thisThe main reason they aren't pumping now is because it's cheaper to buy through weak hands blocking the path of BCH rising at 1300USD than at the 2000USD a lot of these people want to sell on.
Keeping it stable at 1300 ensures non-weak hands and non-brainlets know that the flippening is still the plan and signals to hold.People with sells at 2000USD are feefee babies who hopefully wake up to the fact that they aren't cut out for crypto speculation when the BTC they bought with it drops like a rock afterwards.
for reals though.
ETH is 10% over 300, haven't seen this in a very long time.BTCers may be investigating alts after the mini crash
Remember all those bagholders who bought at $1100 in August?
If they held they'd be fine now.It just mooned to .5 BTC, BCH is only headed up my friend, those bagholders will be fine unless they get weak hands and sell into Roger Ver's buy walls
It would be pretty silly not to sell just under 2000 when you already know an assload of pussies are going to pussy out.
Buy them up.
Not just the "crash" which is fine compared to historical ones, but the "civil war" fud campaign is extremely offputting.
I want a decentralised currency, and neither "bitcoin" is that, regardless of the outcome of this thing.
Remember all those bagholders who bought at $1100 in August?
If they held they'd be fine now.They got their bags from the airdrop.
So even if they bought a few speculative coins on the way down from its mountain top launch site, they were sitting on reserves of enough free tokens to recoup the costs of any expensive, early purchase.
stop calling it BCC ffs its BTH.BCC is Bitconnect retards
*BCHgod damnit.m'lady i apologizebut still dont call it fucking BCC gaylordsBCC > BCH
THE CHINK EXCHANGES CALL IT BCC AND IT MAKES MORE SENSE TOOFUCK YOUR MOTHER IF YOU WANT FUCKWho cares about bitconnect trying to share the same 3 letters.
Like 3rd flippening?
Na probably something more political.