>open coinmarketcap>go on 24hr change>everyday there are a few coins that have gone up %>everyday there is an opportunity to make a 50% profit>today I could have made a 50% profit>look at my trade history>still down 25% after a month>close coinmarketcap>go to sleep>do the same thing the next day
I know that feeling.
Tho most of those huge gains are from coins with 0.5 btc volume so double check.Also you gonna get one of those at some point, stay strongerino.
you can't think like that... when I got started out I thought like that too... but you have no idea the reason behind those gains, pump/dumps whatever... you will guess wrong more than right... stick with the top 3 coins and put a little into some that are shilled and you'll have some 50% gainers, but don't think you are just going to throw 10k around and get 5k back everyday... hardly that simple
>Did research on my coins>Bought them thinking I was going to be rolling in the good boy points>Weeks pass>Nothing>Shitcoins randomly rocket while I hold bagsThe only thing I have to look forward to in life is altcoin moons and the fourth Evangelion rebuild
if you are confident you invested in a good project you won't have to look at daily changes anon.just find what you're confident will moon, then wait for your inevitable gains.
I could have bought NEO a few days ago but I didn't.
My judgement is so bad that I always miss the missions.
OMG, ETP, NEO, EOS, they all pumped after BTC hit 7800 whilst I was waiting for LTC to finally hit $100 and beyond.
I thought that they would continue bleeding, but they didn't.
BTC dumped and they pumped, but not all of them did, and I never know which ones are going to pump and which ones will continue bleeding/ won't move.Sticking to the top 3 coins won't make me rich.
I have less than $1000 invested, I need to make serious gains otherwise it's pointless.
Even a 100% gain is only 1000.
I know this sounds greedy and unreasonable but this isn't enough.You can never really anticipate which coins will pump.
NEO pumped because some news was released, almost immediately.
I have college so I don't have time to be following twitter 24/7 and whatever, and when it does pump you never know how far it's going to pump either so entering is a risk.I'm confident in LTC and have been holding for a while but it hurts to see all the moon missions that I'm missing.
>browse biz>browse new ICOs>find shilled gems>buy in early >watch non non biyori>check coins>see them gain value steadly e.g.
POWR NULS etc..>go back to watchi animeI'm living the life guys
Bought LINK at $0.43 and I'm holding until 2018 to 2019.
I am such a fucking loser.
No one really knows man.
Unless you're a huge whale with a lot of whale friends with insider info.Ltc is not as volatile as other coins so I wouldn't buy it if I need a quick moon mission.Best of luck with your future trades.
watch non non biyoriSo that's what my trading strategy was missing all along.
Even a 100% gain is only 1000.Try to focus on small % gains everyday instead of huge moon missions.
I lost a shitton of money last week and now I have to play it super safe and I'm focusing on what I said above.
This but also carry some BTC so you don't feel like a piece of shit all the time.
This.
It helps if it's a PoS coin.I bought blocknet a few weeks ago and started staking last Sunday and already increased my stack by .7%.I feel absolutely no need to sell it now that it's in my wallet in gaining interest.
Sticking to the top 3 coins won't make me rich.With this in mind LTC seems like a poor choice desu.
If you want big gains you need to find something comfy with a marketcap of less than $50m.
I won't shill to you too much but look into NEBL, NULS for low market caps that have big potential over the next few months, if you don't want to take a risk on those look into ARK and start staking it for long term over LTC.
go to a casino>walk up to the roulette wheel>every minute there is a red number>i could've doubled my money>leave the casino>do the same thing the next dayShitcoins are pumped by market manipulators.
There are no "fundamentals" when it comes to shitcoins.
Stop paying attention to them.
browse new ICOsWhere, how?
Tell me about ICOs.
I've been avoiding them.
I almost got into confido, but then didn't.
That's a 20x that I missed and it still hurts.Yeah I've been doing that, but it hurts to only make 10% one day when I could have made 50% instead.
How did you lose money last week?
It's been incredibly bullishI'm sorry anon.
Don't buy during a pump next time.I have faith in LTC.
I'd rather hold it than bitcoin.
4457607>Shitcoins are pumped by market manipulators.Really?
They all seem to have some sort of news that I always miss before a pump.
But I like your analogy.Some guy is shilling BTS in another thread and it's pretty convincing, I'm thinking of buying in.
4457517Just stay in LTC and pick whichever 3 or 4 alts you think are going to moon.
If you pick wrong it doesn't make you a loser, just means that you need to learn.
Really?
They all seem to have some sort of news that I always miss before a pump.
But I like your analogy.They CREATE the news because they're the ones going to profit off it.Only real way is to have already have a holding in it when it's dipped, and assuming no fundamentals have changed, just join in the whaling when it does happen.
Then just buy back in when it inevitably dips.Don't believe a single word out of any /biz/ thread creator claiming something's going to the moon that instant.
Even if you see it, it's too late to buy in anyway 99% of the time.
We all miss opportunities daily, had we possessed the ability to see into the future.
Hindsight really is 20/20.By the way, thinking of moving my coins from Bitfinex.
I'll take a break from trading there until the Tether things blows over.
You should also take a break some time OP.
Absolutely this.
I operate on the assumption that if I see a moon post on /biz/ then its too late and I will lose money, learned that the hard way.
If there are pink wojaks everywhere about something hitting a new low, and the project seems interesting, I'll usually pick up a few.
Yeah that sounds good.
I sort of reached this conclusion this week too, it's been working decently well so far.Who's "they"?
You mean the dev's twitter accounts and news sites?
Because that is where the news comes from, I assume.Hindsight really is 20/20Yeah but it still hurts to always hold be holding the wrong shitcoin.
I've never really had a proper moon mission.
I took out all of my funds from bitfinex right before I made this thread.
I really wonder about this tether FUD, whether I should be worried or not.Absolutely this.
I operate on the assumption that if I see a moon post on /biz/ then its too late and I will lose moneyBut then there are times when a coin is shilled and moons the next day, or someone tells me to buy some random shitcoin, I ignore him and the next day it's up 30%.
Goodnight for now.
I really wonder about this tether FUD, whether I should be worried or not.I don't know what to think yet either but I'm erring on the side of caution.
And then I saw POWR.
I didn't buy it despite all the shilling.I'm not going to be sleeping tonight.