Anyone else thinking about RLC?Looks like an easy 3x...
No reason given.
forgot about this gem, thanks anonAwfully quiet right now though..
Big news coming according to devs
Holding around 100k of this beauty.
I expect it to hit $100/ rlc in a few years which would make me a multi millionaire ;)

already bought 70$ worth, will put 900$ more soon, but it's tempting to just go all in(1500$)

Yeah, I love this coin, but it's not going to 3x anytime soon, Mr. Buy-My-Bags
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1746241.msg24751820#msg24751820
the Airbnb of cloud computing>french-chinese project (offices in Lyon and HK) Phd in computer-science with background in distributed computing>founders are former scientists study in the distributed computing since 15 years (cf.
Gilles Fedak and Haiku He on Google Scholar)>team designed grid computing softwares used in scientific research (Bitdew, XtremWeb-HEP, and authored several algorithm in the field>sponsored by the CNRS, Chinese Academy of Science, Tsingua university and INRIA>supported by the french state (part of the NETVA program)>member of the EEA>released their product (the V1) at the Devcon3 the 3rd of November>did an AMA on reddit the 8th of November>focused on providing off-chain computing power to Dapps and a range of other fields at term (finance, research, VR, etc…)>works one an innovant PoCo (Proof of Contribution algorithm)>business contacts with IBM and microsoft>RLC (the token) is used for staking and payment% of the tokens already in circulation >already on Bittrex, HitBTC, Liqui and Upbitary
They will announce a partnership next week.Also they have their appstore release next month, if the BTC moves laterally for the next 2 weeks it's a good pick from my pov.
What RLC needs is a solid partnership with a 5+ billion company.
Then I will buy a shit ton (>$100k ) because the only problem right now is adoption.
I've been throwing some money on this one because the upside is huge.
Like bigger than AWS, Azure, etc.
All that worldwide hash power with cheap/free electricity means they'll be able to undercut all the big cloud compute players on price.
Thanks for reminding me about this OP, just bought another thousand in this dip.
Please add Binance.
I'm keeping away from Bittrex after so many people said that their accounts were locked without any explanations.
I doubt they'd lock your account if you were verified?
Took me like 5 minutes.
4426299It's true, but the time horizon is likely just a long a wait as LINK, which is okay but we should be sober about it.
RLC won't even be fully implemented for what all those big boys need for what, Q3 or Q4 2018?
The only thing that worries me about iexec, what determines market price?
If people earn and use iexec for computing power, what sets the price?
If computing power is cheap, then will this drive the price of it down?
Your question is retarded because it's obviously supply and demand that will determine the marketprice.If you are worried about money velocity then RLC must be staked for higher rewards.
I've been interested in getting some of this since REQ has a partnership / affiliation with them
After BTC reaches 8k, then 10k when BCE get into it.Alts will bleed meanwhile, RLC included because of BTC and BCH.
That's huge news.
They managed to not pick skateboardgo too.
Inspires confidence.
fellow rlc holders, what are some other smart holds?
MOD.
swiss
ark obviously
I hold 20k, but it is frustrating, I already bought somewhat low, then it dropped back to 0.49$.
Guess I am in for the hold.
Easy 3x.
More like -50% drop.