Can someone explain how Tether works and whats the point?
if it always has the same value compared to USD, it means i shouldn't invest on it right?
Just your lucky day anon, go all in before it moons after btc correction, don't stay poor
Tether is essentially functioning as an ETF derivative allowing exposure (without delivery) to the USD.Compare it to a gold etf where there is no delivery option.What I dont understand is how they can legally issue "new" tokens and dilute the current holders exposure to USD.I do question the legality of that.
Can someone issue a rebuttal to that understanding of tether?
i don't understand your understanding of tetheralso, what happened fom the 19th of April onwards?
i don't understand your understanding of tetherBitfinex artificially inflates Bitcoin's price by printing Tether out of thin air.
They say it is backed by real USD, but it isn't.>also, what happened fom the 19th of April onwards?Bitfinex lost banking because they engage in fraudulent activities and business partners (like their bank Wells Fargo) could be held liable if they continued to do business with criminals.
If everything is crashing down, buy tether and you'll be crash immune!
> is backed by real USD, but it isn'tJust because you have no proof doesn't mean there is no proofUnderstanding tether is pretty easy.
Only a small number of complete idiots can't understand how it functions.
Bump for interest.
Someone more smart than me, please ELI5 this shitcoin.
Some interesting informationhttps://twitter.com/bitfinexedMake of it what you will.
When you move out of crypto and into the dollar, don't you create a taxable event if you have profit?So this coin would allow you get exposure to dollar vs btc gains without tax?really makes me think
The point is to peg the coin to 1$.
It is not limited supply by intention, scarcity is replaced by printing new tokens.
This functions like the dollar and I see no reason for it to not function as long as crypto doesn't crash (obviously).
It's an IOU to not have to go all the way to Fiat.
Why is it bad if more are created?
They still have to be exchanged for real value or they are valueless.
Bitcoin gold, appears (similar to just creating tethers) but is worth 0 unless its traded forValue.
As for the graph, again, tether is 1$, so as bitcoin has in increased in value, obviously tether/btc drops,But Market cap increases as (again... tether-1$) but more are made to meet demand.
I do not necessarily beleive it's backed by actual $ but as mentionedBefore, if it's being traded exclusively in the cryptospace I don't see this being an issue.
If crypto were to really Crash, I think it'd be foolish to think you'll see tether value.
This.
I don't see the hysteriaSay I purchase a million dollars of bitcoin and send it to an exchange.
Then I sell the bitcoin for tether.
The exchange has to print 1m tether tokens to assign to me.
What's the scandal?
1 tether is always worth 1$, but who says so?
does the company who created tether guarantee it with their cash or what?