Don't know if I can phrase this correctly, but anyway I feel I have a problem with actually becoming active in the crypto market.Like I have some coins, I've been invested for a few months but only holding, not really doing any trading or being active in any way (including selling off things when I probably should.
)Basically I feel 'paralyzed' if that makes sense.
If I hold something and it starts dropping in price, I don't sell because "it might recover", or if something moons I don't sell because "it might keep going", basically I don't feel I have any real indication on what I should be doing.
I've asked this before and people basically answer with, "and thats why you should just hold BTC", and I can see that logic in my case, but my question is: how do I get better?
what resources do I study to actually get the confidence to make trades or know when to buy/sell what I'm holding.
How do I build a strategy/plan?
based on what?
If anyone can relate or has any input I'd appreciate it.
>U-ugh d-donno if it'll keep going upTaking profits>W-whats that?Sell a part of your coin holdings you retard.
If a coin goes from 2000 sats to 3000 sats you take profit, if it goes to 4000 you can wait until it goes to 5000 sats and then take more profit there.>H-how do I know it'll recover?There many factors to determine this, I look at many coin and know them well as well as the community, developers and how the price action usually goes.
Iff you're just going to hold BTC it clearly goes to show you're a poor inexpereienced trader than doesn't know timing
it clearly goes to show you're a poor inexpereienced trader than doesn't know timingExactly, I know I don't know timing, that's what I'm asking about - how to learn it, what resources, etc.And yea I've gotten your sort of answer before, "just take profit!"
my problem is not ever knowing when (dont understand timing)Like you said if it goes from 2000 sats to 3000 stats you take profit, what if it goes from 2000 sats to 2725 sats and I haven't taken any profits, and then it crashes back to 2050 sats?
thats what happens to me quite often and I watch something up, then down, and gain nothing.
If it goes down to 2500 take profit and if it goes back to 2050 then tough, at least you took profit at 2500.
Also I want you to know it depends on the coin, if its ripple that goes to 2k to 2750 sats then you take profit at 2500 because its a big fat coin with a large marketcap, but if its a low marketcap coin then most of the time it usually just skyrockets past that point.
Apply some rules to your trading.
Apply some safety nets.
If you double your money, take out 25% into a "safe" coin or even fiat, that way if it falls again you will still have 50% of your money back.Or you can be extra safe and sell 50% when you double so at worst, you've made your money back, and everything from there on out is just extra.Pick safe goals.
Otherwise grow some balls and take some risks.
Steve Mnuchin (treasury secretary) said in a recent interview, reflecting on his days as an investor "Most of my investments failed, but the ones that did made me and my company a ton of money"
Otherwise grow some balls and take some risks.I've been willing to take stupid risks at times in my life, for a period of time, years back, I was a degenerate gambler who lost tens of thousands at the local casinos.
I guess now the problem is just feeling like I have no direction - even when I was gambling and losing money, I still felt like I "knew the game" i was playing, I knew how to count cards, I knew optimal betting strategies, etc.
In crypto I really just feel retarded despite reading quite a bit of material.
Aimless, directionless, no clear strategy to follow or abide by.
But that's probably my own shortcomings.
I'll take the suggestions ITT to heart and try to adjust, make some moves, take profits, try to figure this shit out through trial and error.
Thanks.
I keep posting this vid when I see any posts related to psychology, but Mark Douglas really helped change my mindset when it comes to trading:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg4YzRhILFElong watch but worth if you want to get any bit serious about trading.
GL, anon.
practice.
if you don't want to practice with your actual holdings then simulate the trades you want on paper to measure how you do.
don't start trading for real until you can win on paper.
thanks anon, I will watch this