>Be me>Buy BCH at 0.24, smugpepe.jpg>Take a nap, comfy.jpg>Wake up at 0.185, pic related.
hodl
Are you sure?lol I think I'm done, went all in at 0.23 and now this...
> sleeping while holding BCH , which has an inverse relationship to BTC on the charts> hard fork hasn't happened yetu w0t m8All you can do is buy in cheaper and hope the hash rate flips toward BCH's favor and Ver dumps his Bitcoin
Hodl magic only works with btc
sucks for you fagetget rekt
Binances market fucked me so hard.
The entire book disappeared in an instant while everything else was still trading relatively high.
Never to recover in the bounce mind you.
Somone owned at least 75% of that entire market...
How could you sleep through that?
Me too anon... me too.
Wake up and it's in the shitter so I panic sold instead of waiting for a rebound.
I bought more in the dip.
No turning back now.JIHAN SAVE MEEEE
BCH cucks baka
satoshis vision
>Couldn't sleep>check binance ever 1 minute>bought at .154>caught the dip at .28Stoked
Tried to warn you dumbfucks BCH was gonna dump hard.
But I guess if you were dumb enouhg to believe BCH was gonna replace BTC its only a matter of time before you lose all your money
LOL DUDE JUST KEEP HOLDINGSTATOSHI VISION DUDE LOL
i mean man.
you bought a coin that is causing massive chaos in the market and didn't you atleast stop to think that it might have EXTREME VOLATILITY?
ffs you biztards are fucking retarded.
im just bowsing really quick and just had to shout this out
i tried to warn youbitcoin judas will not dethrone the open source community we dumped on yasorry not sorry
BTC is like the main character of a movie with plot armor.
DO ANY OF YOU EVER SET UP STOP LOSS OR THEY DON'T WORK?
I set up Bids as 'Double Down' Stops.
Average your losses!
>bought at 0.24>double down at 0.17Back in the green at 0.21 bitcheeeees.
definitely hold at least another day or two anon
DUDE JIHAN LMAO
be meWho the fuck else you could be?
George Washington's, Satoshi, Sergey?
"be me" is greentext story format.http://dismagazine.com/discussion/80213/aapo-nikkanen-be-me-a-collection-of-greentexts/
 not having an alarm set in case price drops under a certain amount you done goofed
Graphene compression
The newfag is strong with this one
never sleep when trading crypto> inb4 never sleep againthat's what I'm saying
its going right back to 0.05. dump it anon
If your buying bth at the moment and feeling comfy enough to sleep, you get what you deserve, you think any of us slept.
Hope it was a fucking good nap mofo
4336128Aha, how about we use again lol cats, rage comics and other antique shit?Fucking pseudo old fags, probably browse Tumblr
Went 50% in at 0.08.
Went up to $35k now back down to $22k.
That girl's not Asian