>lets centralize at layer 0 with ((((big blocks)))) to "scale" a network to guarantee it's no longer a censorship resistant store of value
fuck bch supporters, fuck core supporters.
Just hold both and stop this shit
Do not waste your time.
Their impotent rage really does stem from ignorance.Yesterday I wasted my time arguing with a cash cuck who literally thought that you need core repo access to build a side chain and only blockstream will be allowed to build them.
>inb4 Roger's sockpuppets malfunctioning while spazzing unintelligible noises in between "corecucks" and "blockstreamcores"
IT IS NOTTU BCASH IS BITCOIN CASHU
English-as-second-language shills are the worst.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jVsdEZqdhA
Theres so much hate and fud around bch that im thinking it may be smart to buy some.
I remember then he asked what projects would come out in the next 2 years apart from LN haha what a fucking idiot.
both bcore and bcash faggots are purified cancer so please go neck yourself
This is purely a shill argument from blockstream.
There's no presently existing or proposed blocksize that would meaningfully increase the cost of running a node- certainly not when you consider how much just a few transactions a month can cost on the present network!So sure, 1MB blocks let a $60 hard drive last for a few years more.
But if you're bothering to run a node, you're also actually verifying transactions, right?
Transactions that'll be costing you hundreds of dollars a year if you're actually using Bitcoin.
Lmao 4chan is not redpilled.
Who is paying these anti Bitcoin cash shills?
It's a money maker coin
This was just the beginning.
Test the waters.
To see how the enemy reacts.Next time there will be zero mercy
god i fucking hope soneed roger to say something and restore my faith
When core implodes the wojacks will be incredible.
I love having 1mb blocks.
This guarantees that average joe can mine at home.
Isn't this great?>This was sarcasm, just in case your autism levels are too high.
Once you take the Bitcoin Cash pill and open your eyes, you will never go back to core.