Is it worth it to learn a second language?
>burgerslmao, i swear
for money: nofor your own person, it may be worth it
People who speak only one language are pathetic
Not a language like German that's dying out.
Learn Chinese or something.
so you can understand anime?or order mexican food
I speak 3 languages.
English is my second and by far most useful.
Depending on your needs, I would say yes
yes
If you already speak English not really, it depends on your job/field of study.
nolearn the universal language - code
Eurocucks always fail to realize the size difference between Europe and the U.S.. All 50 states have english as the primary language.
Your not even human if you only speak 1 language.That 's like the cutoff point.
Get Spanish down and meet women in Southern America.
You won't regret it.
Duolingo is an easy way to get into languages imo
I know english, which is the best language for business and work but I would also like to learn european so I can travel alone to paris, which is my favourite country
getting this flustered over a hobby
Unironically, English and French are really good to have while traveling.
Funny you say that, I'm french and lived is the suburbs of Paris for the better part of my life.
French is a hard language to learn, not gonna lie, but if you have the will you have the way.
American detected
French Canadian here.
With French as a first and english as second, it is pretty damn useful,especially in multicultural cities like Montréal.
I also speak a little spanish and I have been using it suprisingly more often than i thought I would.
Learn a second language, even a third.
Duolingo is really useful and really free.
Aaaaabssooooolutely!I hear great things about visual pascal for example
Learn chinese
 Is it worth it to learn a second language?If learning the language in question will make you more money than not learning it: Yes.
All other situations: No.The time and mental energy spent towards learning a language could be spenthe towards a useful skill.
Anyway it's not like you'll ever be fluent in Burrito unless you live in South California.
paris is a city not a country and if thats your favorite city you need to travel more cuz its one of the shittiest cities in europe
You can travel to Paris and anywhere in France speaking only English.
The people here who won't understand you are the kind you don't want or don't need to meet.
This is true for most west euro countries.
French are not very good in english but enough to understand 80% of what you mean if you don't use slang every two words.t.
French
lol kys faggot
I'm learning Samoan.
It's good for your brain as it challenges it and hey I guess I can speak Samoan now.
Knowing American Sign Language is pretty neato
>tfw there's people in this world that cant speak more than 1 languagewew lad
Learn solidity its an autistic language
it's good for the brain, but there's just no reason for an American to learn anything other than English (unless you live in California, with all the Mexicans)the Euros probably hear different languages all the time, they could actually use other languages on a daily basisthe only time I ever hear another language is the Indian guy that works at the convenience store talking on his phone
Math*Faggot
From a business point of view, english should be fine.The problem in everything else however (and this is kind of true for business purposes as well) is not making yourself understood but to understand what other people are saying when they're not talking to you directly, ie.
when you're in a group of people that speaks another language.
As most of you burgers are too fat to get outside your country anyway, this is of little concern to you though.
Being saying for years im going to learn chinese, will be great in the near future, if only i wasn't such a lazy faggot.
For europe english is a must.
No way without it.For americans working in german speaking europe german is a plus.
For example Tidjane Thiam, CEO of swiss bank Credit Suisse at least speaks some german.
America doesnt have a primary language, you tard.
I would like to learn European
If you are American and can speak Chinese (Cantonese) then you can make a lot of money.Otherwise learn spanish, if not for work then for travel.
It opens up most of South America
I know English, español, and now currently learning пo-pyccки.
If you can speak 3 languages you are multilingual.If you can speak 2 languages you are bilingual.If you can speak 1 language you are English.
yes we do, its English.
What we don't have is an official language.
Believe me, everyone notices the size difference.
English is my second language, and it was worth it just to be able to understand my American overlords.
I'm in the process of learning basic japanese but it's more for pleasure than business.
I just want to read raw manga and watch anime without subtitles.May also come in handy if I decide to visit their one day.
their Maybe you should learn english first
Yeah if I hadn't learned English I could only to people around my villages on a few islands.
The Chinese are taking over the world.
Learn their language if you know what's good for you.
Come talk semantics in one of my three other languages you monolingual cuck.
There's no point to learn a second language these days (assuming you are monolingual English) because the younger generations from everywhere else in the world speaks at least broken English anyways.And ironically, people will treat you better as an obvious foreigner English speaker, whereas if you try to assimilate and actually learn their shit then they expect you to not make any mistakes with language or cultural mannerisms.Only way it's worth it is if you just want to do it for the sake of knowledge/fun.
As someone learning japanese, would chinese come easily afterwards?
Wouldn't be bad to know both.
Are you a fatclap?If you are an English speaker abroad and make an attempt at the local language, even if it is just the most basic shit ever, even a thank you in their language, you will be treated 100x better than some faggot tourist they view merely as a source of income.
Also it is a fact that locals will talk shit about you in their language while you are standing right infront of them.
If they think you know some of what they are saying they act normally.
No, learn math instead.
Way more useful.
spanish is very difficult to learn im a native speaker and i feel so good about it because i realize that learning english is easier than spanish, note that my english isnt so much broke.
i like italian also
geographic size is relevanti guess we should all speak russian then huh?
fucking 52%'ers
I don't mean just learning a few curtesy words in their language for the sake of making friends while travelling, but I mean if you are moving to live somewhere abroad, there comes a certain point where if you know "too much" of the local language/customs then you don't get any mercy for being a baka gaijin anymore.
Wait, isn't spanish your new primary language instead?
Yes.
Learn solidity.