Start with $50, make $500 by the end of the week.
Worked for me.
I wrote 2 guides and included a link to Shopify's guide.
This shit is truly easy once you spend the time to make your store.If you want to ascend to the realm of passive income, read the guides.GUIDE 1: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ti-laBUbfmIfyBifCHz5PwTDdJjeGtH_w18OdFhHE1MGUIDE 2: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NxyGH6B_5czjnqtxjUuOGsv-hUz8NrvWcK7JRnqmMgM/edit?usp=sharingGUIDE 3 (made by Shopify, not me) : http://1.shopifytrack.com/SHcb
Thanks for posting something other than crypto anonsage
Fuck off faggotBump
I'm building a store right now.
Question: Are you doing a global markup or pricing your stuff individually?
And how much do you make in a week on average?
I started last week and already made $50 from shilling to big instagram pages.
Depends how risky you want to be, I generally go for a $7 profit on my products so everything seems "cheap", but still profitable to sell.
I personally base it on the products.
Where product X could be marked up $8 and product Y marked up $12.
Generally I like to keep my prices in multiples of $5 so whatever the chinks charge is then rounded up
Bump
So dropship is basically making a bunch T-shirt’s with random sayings on them and selling them for a profit?
I’m in.
How much does it cost to start?
this is good shit anon, thank you
Thanks anon, I was interested in drop shipping but honestly had no idea where to start
This is great.
The hard part it seems is finding a niche to sell.
Not always t-shirts, but that's a very good method.
It costs like $50 to start it's pretty cheap.
Niche is one part of it, but making a small brand is useful.
The idea isn't even to necessarily have competitive pricing or have unique products (though you don't want to be obscenely over priced).
You just want to grab people's attention and maybe have a site that appeals to the demo enough that they want the thing right there.
What is involved in the instagram shill process?
Like do you have to approach an instagrammer with lots of followers and convince them to shill your product?
Pretty much, comment on a recent post saying "check your dm's" and dm them offerint them money to post an ad
You could also look into scripts that auto like on a certain hashtag so that targeted groups may see your account and thus your store.
Comment on some popular posts and try to create a conversation not just some generic shit like "check out my store!!"
What if somebody isn't happy with the product that they bought?
Do you have to offer some kind of customer service?
Has anybody ever emailed your store to complain?
curious about this as well.
what are the best avenues for advertising?
Are people still using fb ads?
What's a good cpc these days?
Pets ( DOG / Cat )Kitchen gadgetsSmart GadgetsOutdoorTravel and survivalYogaWatchesJewelryBeauty gadgetsSunglassesWalletsWomen Bags
tl;dr cheap Chinese plastic for coal burners.
Bumperooni
Thanks anon, looks very interesting...
Bamp
Can anyone show me an example of a good single-product store.I can find lots of examples of dropshipping stores selling multiple products.
Don't bother.
All of them all shit; without exception.
From the product itself to the webpage to the way it runs.
And above all, who wants to wait 30 days for shipping?
this.
you can make some money initially but as soon as people start getting their merchandise after 30+ days and realizing that they waited all that time for a piece of chinese made garbage they WILL start giving you terrible reviews.
every facebook/instagram post you make will be riddled with people calling you a scam and warning others not to buy.
not to mention the chargebacks people will demand from their credit card companies.
When you say just sell one product do you for example mean like just selling womens bags or can you for example sell womens wallets alongside it.
Redpill me on product range
4319229How do i stop this from happening?
4319617Well, it looked too good to be perfect... Multiproducts stores mitigate this kind of drawback?Also...Does the UK shipping takes less time?
Takes even more because EU and UK don't have an agreement like the US has with CN.
anybody tried dropshipping on ebay?profitable?