Sup /biz/ I am the anon that shilled you NEO at $3.
This coin here will 3x your money within a month guaranteed, and50x if you hold for a year...this is actually the next ETHEREUM.Coin= Ripio Credit Network (RCN) Market cap= 67 Million.What problem it solves: A global peer-to-peer credit network based on co-signed smart contracts.With RCN you aren't limited to just borrowing crypto (btc,eth etc) you can borrow any currency in the world.
(USD,CAD,YEN)The RCN team has over 15 developers and genius advisors such as Sergio Lerner the cofounder of rootstock.Key investors= Bilionaire Tim Draper; The guy that found skype in 2005 and sold his share for 1 billion USD recently, the guy that bought 30,000bitcoin from the us goverment during the silk road closure.Bilioniare Lu Guanqiu ceo of the company Fenbushi Capital;Once called “China’s Elon Musk” for buying out an American hybrid-electric car company, Lu Guanqiu is the founder of Wanxiang Group, one of China’s largest automotive parts manufacturers.^ These guys do not fuck around google there history.
This coin was added on bittrex A WEEK AFTER being released.
Name one coin recently that was added to bitterx instnatly?
This coin is serious...do you think these billionaires would invest in this coin if it wasn't going to literally 50x?
Follow the smart money /biz/ It literally is around ICO price.
Hmmmm, actually sounds ok
> I am the anon that shilled you NEO at $3
x on RCN makes puts it above Monero.Neo was first shilled as ANS.
You can't even research that.
GTFO fag.
Thanks anon just went all in
>what problem it solves: not the oracle oneDiscarded
New fags wouldn't understand antshares so i said NEO
nice just bought 100k
Wow dude, you know something
trust me, this coin is going places
What's the difference between Ripio on Binance and Ripio Credit Network on Bittrex?
>an ERC20 token is the next Ethereum
sick, about to unload my life savings.
This actually looks good.
I could see a x3 within a month
Growth is slow and feels natural.
This is nice.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHi'm the guy that has been humbly trying to educate you on the power or RIPIO for the last 2 weeksbut full disclaimer here, i got out and incurred a tiny loss.
i'm 100% cash (not btc cash just fiat) because everyone should get the fuck out now and watch the market plummet
I shilled neo when it was ants
anyone who is stupid enough to buy this deserves to get dumped
Sup /biz/ I am the anon that shilled you NEO at $3.
This coin here will 3x your money within a month guaranteed, and50x if you hold for a year...this is actually the next ETHEREUM.Coin= Dogecoin (DOGE) Market cap= 1488 Million.What problem it solves: A global peer-to-peer credit network based on dogs.With DOGE you aren't limited to just borrowing crypto (btc,eth etc) you can borrow any currency in the world.
(USD,CAD,YEN)The DOGE team has over 15 developers and genius advisors such as Shina Inu the cofounder of rootstock.Key investors= Bilionaire Wanky McTigger; The guy that found Ham Wallet Anus in 2005 and sold his share for 1 billion USD recently, the guy that bought 30,000bitcoin from the us goverment during the silk road closure.Bilioniare Ching Chang Chong ceo of the company ChinkyChang;Once called “China’s Elon Musk” for buying out an American hybrid-electric car company, Ching Chang Chong is the founder of WankTug Group, one of China’s largest automotive parts manufacturers.^ These guys do not fuck around google there history.
This coin was added on bittrex A WEEK AFTER being released.
Name one coin recently that was added to bitterx instnatly?
This coin is serious...do you think these billionaires would invest in this coin if it wasn't going to literally 50x?
Follow the smart money /biz/ It literally is around ICO price.
Very impressive shit post