Is this little cunt going back down to $290 any time soon?why is it so damn stable
ico buy pressure keeps it upico sell pressure keeps it down
so?
would also like to know opinion on this from experts i have my buy order in at that price and so far nothing since the wallet fiasco last week
You're saying it as if was a bad thing.
It's becoming what Bitcoin couldn't be - a safe storage of value.
I dunno man but I took that one anon's advice about just trading between $305 and $320 and I've been just setting up buy and sell orders and making money in my sleep.
ETH is great.
Stable.
Low fees.
Fast transfers.
because only real eth application is to transfer bitcoin from one exchange to another
Where do you trade with it?
polo?
same.
working well for my BTC gains.
so fucking easy.
this
starting to feel oddly bullish on Eth's price in the next month.
when casper released going to 1k
casper?
With governments banning icos.
Who's gonna buy em?
That's right, no fucking body.
Which means eth stays stable.Duh.
REALLY??????
I'll spoon feed you...https://www.coindesk.com/ethereum-seeing-ghosts-vitalik-buterin-is-finally-formalizing-ethereums-casper-upgrade/
when is casper releasing
this
Every other coin fucking bleed during the fake flippening>ETH actually gained from it 3%ETH is truly the most stable coin, god bless money skeleton
There is a group of whales, or one large whale that always buys when it dips below 300 and always sells when it hits above 320, earning a nice profit most days.They have trained us to think that it hitting 325 doesn't mean that it's breaking out because they've been controlling the price with their "modest" sell high buy low scheme for so long now.Basically, it's been artificially suppressed and a whale or a group of whales are skimming the profits from that.
daily 10% gainsThats some good shit.
must be a serious whale to supress 1B 24h volume on average
hasn't dipped below 300 though for awhile
What exchanges do you guys use to buy and sell ETH to do the sell at 320 and buy at 300 strategy?Coinbase's fees are shitty.
GDAX
random etherdelta shitcoin suddenly moons 5000%% is good shitok
if you can do 10% every day then ya that's good50x moons are much harder to predict.
no its the opposite.its ICOs dumping their 30mil eth bags at price targets of $310-320.
when they push the price too low they stop dumping their bags and wait for it to rise back up, then resume.eth is only good for icos, its why the price has been $300 for 6months now
Yeah these are serious whales.
They only step in once it hits a certain point above or below though, which probably represents a very small portion of overall daily trade.
Random etherdelta shitcoins have enough volume to x00% only a small amount of eth.
If someone has a stack worth $100,000, then they can't flip that much through a shitcoin.
Government isn't banning them (at least in the USA), they are calling them securities.
That just means that they need to be registered as securities, which means they have to meet certain requirements to the public like releasing detailed information about the security and maybe the company depending on where it sits in securities law.
Exchanges and brokers for these securities also need to be registered.Ironically this would be much better for Ethereum in the long run.
If all of the tokens being issued right now had dividends in Ethereum itself, Ethereum would be the strongest crypto-currency on the market.
Everytime people bought individual company tokens, they'd be entitled to repayment in Eth.
The company in question would have two options, either accept Ethereum in payment for their services (which goes outside the scope of blockchain) in order to pay their token holders, or buy Ethereum off the market in order to repay them.
This would both make Ethereum circulate more strongly, and ensure its value is backed by the economic value of the companies.Right now it is just a way to raise capital, but it is a dead end at the issuance of tokens.
The tokens could offer literally zero utility, and the company can just cash out of the Ethereum network and not have it apart of their business model at all if they want.
Sure, they claim they are using the blockchain or whatever, but if you just make token issuances securities with dividends payable in Ethereum, then Ethereum's scope would expand to everything.
It wouldn't just be hamfisting every industry into smart contracts.
It'd be raising capital for any business, which then becomes apart of the cryptocurrency ecosystem.
wow 18 cents?literally half of what it was this time a month ago.nice investment linkes cents end of year
4342872>Have 2K in ETH>Just day trade from 290 to 320 daily>make 10% a day with just a few clicks>end of the week have almost 4K in ETHEasy operation, then just pull out the ~1897 that you made for the weekend and you have walking around money
wrong thread pajeet
delet this
Check this out, any thoughts lads?
fucking idiot posting for the whole world to se.
fuck you fagot
shut your whore mouth
holy shit
shit, wrong image on my last post.
I meant this one <
I am so torn on if I should go even mroe into ETH or dabble in BTC
4344283this is a fucking triple top right TAniggers?
this coin is stable because somehow it's pegged to it's USD value and not the BTC value
Dude, look:4344283Go all in ETH.
That tells me nothing.
stable
I'm bullish on Eth since Vit mentioned novel ways of counteracting ICO sell pressure.
I think it will introduce a new situation in the cryptoworld which will lead to buy the rumor/sell the news.
4344601now check BTC on aug 8
meant to quote

4344609
that is correct.