Faggots,Stop trying to use TA on this coin.
Let me explain something to you.Up until now with Powr coin, 99.9% of coins were bought and sold on speculation.
Virtually none have working products, the ones who do aren't being used by anyone, and NO REAL PARTNERSHIPS have been announced.Enter Power Ledger.
This coin came out the gate with a working product, a partnership with the largest energy company in Australia, Origin Energy, was given 8 million dollars by the Australian government, is run by a top notch team full of highly successful business women, men, engineers, etc, are in CONFIRMED talks with Elon Musk, and are currently IMPLEMENTING their product into the real world.Literally no coin has done this before.
Your TA will not work because it is not speculation investing, it's simply investing.And now, partnerships with billion dollar Idian company Tech Mahindra and a yet unnamed Thai power company confirmed.You will be so sorry if you don't buy as much of this coin as you can below $2.
The power shills are not liars, if you look into this coin you will not believe how rock solid of an investment it is.twitter.com/lambolydia
TA won't work because it doesn't account for Jemma's huge MILF milkers.
As an Australian I can tell you this country is a fucking joke and Elon Musk is a hack fraud redditor.
Goodnight
Why would I stop using TA if it's making me so much monies?Ethereum and OMG are revolutionary tech that's going to change the world yet all they've been doing is going down down down for the past few months (sats).You guys gotta stop marrying your shit coins.
My grandpa is better at using anything internet related than the smartest Aussie
fuck off you retarded shill.
nobody fucking cares.>and NO REAL PARTNERSHIPS have been announced.nice larp you retard.
walton has septwolves worth billions, ven has bmw, givenchy worth billions, omg has mcd worth bazillions.all 3 wit real world application.
countless other coins more shit on your poverty kangaroo coin you pleb
How much do you make selling high and buying dips each time?
10%?
20%?
40%?I've hit over 2000% many times, and the only way you get a return like that is holding.
I don't have to slave away at a computer all day and I make crazy gains over the span of a couple months.
The amount you lose from mistiming the market is much more than the paltry gains made from active trading.Pick good coins, invest heavy, then cash out at 20x.
This is how you become a millionaire in crypto.twitter.com/lambolydia
this copypasta is getting stale already
I have literally no capacity for the deferral of gratification, even for a period of a couple of months>I'm the smart oneYou're the one posting pink wojak threads when OMG skyrockets in 2018.
This board is so fucking shitty
Vechain has a partnership with BMW?!?!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAfirstly, kys you fucking lying faggot.
Vechain does not have a partnership with "muh BMW".
They don't even have a confirmed partnership with Renault, which has never mentioned Vechain.
Not saying it's a bad coin, just that you're a fucking giant faggot.Also Omise is partnered with Mcdonalds in Thailand only which brought it to an 8 billion dollar market cap.
That partnership is not "worth bazillions" you retarded dipship, thai people don't even fucking eat mcdonalds.So what do you think Powr's will be with multiple giant partnerships and government support?faggot.