We must come together to defeat USD.
Then we will all be gods and we can shill from space.
T. Deluded Astrie
This is the sentiment of LEGACY /biz/Jealous, envious, malicious normie cucks created infighting and turned crypto into a drama.
u think the legacy bros who made it are actually gonna make any change to the world with they gains?
are they just off selfishly traveling the world banging high end escorts?
Lol fuck the world
they are going to invest their gains in anime and totinos pizza rolls and blacked.com subscriptions
It doesn't fucking matter if LEGACY /biz/ change the world.
What matters is reddit normie cucks ruining this board.
There's no faster way for cryptos to all go to the next star system then tipping over the USD.
The bubble is about to end anyway and the fed can't cut rates anymore.
We can all get rich by accelerating the collapse.
This is a one in a lifetime fucking chance, don't be another cuck to miss the bus.
Note that I'm not shilling any specific coin... You can point a horse to fucking water...
Biz will be the next generation ((((them)))
Spread memes like this and make more.
Maybe without the "end the fed" part as it reminds people of Ron Paul and conservatism.
Just basically try to convince everyone that usd is worthless.
Retail loans and other shit will eventually take the USD down by 1000 cuts one way or another.https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-retail-debt/We can put USD to death now gracefully rather then going through this shit in slow motion.You don't need to make up shit to make the argument.
You can just point out REAL data.
Use the enemie's OWN graphs.The emperor has no clothes anyway!
Maybe you all can stop shilling and fudding each other's shitcoins long enough to help make us all billionaires
Damn funny how these threads keep getting slid by cucks shilling neo for rich chinks
Next time there's a nuke flying over we could hype the news enough to cause a move.
Another way to go about this would be to piggyback on real shit happening.
USD IS worthless and Yellencoin is dead.
This is a very good graphic.
Elaborate on this nuke idea
News move markets.
Algorithms monitor news and this is how prices are determined.When there's no information about a news event then 'evil unicorns' spawn in Google's system and they start propagating fake news because they can't determine the data's validity.So let's say when Korea says they are sending a nuke you make an unidexed by google, original CGI of a nuke flying over a US base in Hokkaido.
(Washington or something else that would shock the public but look credible enough) As it has never been uploaded before they can't determine what it is.
You spread it to news sites and they will run with it regardless if it's true or not because it's the ONLY footage available and looks legit.
There's high demand, no supply.just an idea.
"Evil unicorns" - a term some Google engineers once coined, according to a former executive - are unverified posts on obscure topics, full of lies.
They pop up from time to time on the web and find their way into Google's search results.[...
]http://www.baka.com.au/business/media-and-marketing/fake-news-google-has-a-problem-with-evil-unicorns-20171116-gzn62o.htmlI know Blender well enough to do it ;)
You are a genius.
So anytime there's a threat of something catastrophic in the news we can either exaggerate it or just straight make fake news.
WE JEWS NOW
btc is controlled by te same people who control usdbuy bch
Bcash = PBoC
You are all welcome to join /cock/
It's for the greater good.That's JUST a suggestion to get the conversation going.
Let's keept this thread constructive.
Do you have any ideas?
No I was serious I liked your idea.
I was thinking we persuade people by explaining that they can pay off all their debt of usd is worthless and they have 1 btc.
Like if btc is worth 1 million dollars and you have a mortgage for 250k you could easily own your house if the economy crashes.