It's over BCH cucks.
There is no shame in giving up.
HAHAHAHAcheap fucks BTFOand no, I'm not defending the jews from blockstream, but the other side is even more pathetic
"Satoshi's vision">"Decentralized">Plans to make a fork to try and keep miners in planned by JihanBurn them both down
what happened?
She hasn't sung yet.
man jihan literally EXPLOITS bitcoin with the asics and people actually fucking follow his tiny little chink ass on what the "real" bitcoin islmao
She hasn't sung yet.She hasn't shat out many blocks lately either.
Yeah, stupid lamb headed for the slaughter by the rich ones.
It is sad and it is ugly, but it is necessary, next time they won't trust scammers
No one cares just buy whatever coin is mooning atm don't waste your money with "muh whitepaper" or muh fundamentals everything is a joke
A psycopaths blown the fuck out
are you 14
Fuck that I want a crypto that can actually have future real world use.
At this rate it isn't gonna be BTC or BCH (or any PoW coins).
Hell I'm so desperate for something new and different I'm considering jumping into Bram Cohen's coin whenever it actually exists in 2018
EXPLOITS bitcoin with the asics Look at this guy who doesn't understand Bitcoin.
What's wrong with ASICs derpy?
BTFOd
Buy dgb
I mean it's better than BTC and BCH but so is a lot of stuff and goddamn I could never seriously hold that
They separate the user from the miner when satoshi's vision had users as miners.
Anon please everyone knows Satoshi envisioned Chinese mining conglomerates running Bitcoin
you know anyone can buy asics you stupid fuck?
also u can mine with asics on shitcoin core.
"but muh asic resistance" asic resistance isn't good since the whales will just buy up all the gpus/cpus on the market and normies are fucked the exact same way, just because u can mine with a shitty laptop doesn't mean whales don't still monopolize everything dumbassthis is the problem with deflationary currencies, anyone that had a first mover advantage has a significant hand in the market and they can very easily manipulate the price with their accumulated currency they bought for pennies on the dollar
It's unrealistic to expect newcomers to buy ASICs.You're right that first movers gain uncontrollable power.
It's tough to fight the centralization of capital.
However, it is relatively easy to fight the centralization of hashrate.
Jihan literally started BCH because segwit fucked with his SHA256 exploit.
if they don't want to buy asics then that is their problem, they are just weak handed cucks that don't actually care about the purpose of cryptoand no, it is impossible to fight against centralization of hashrate even if asic resistance since all they would need is more gpus/cpus than the average person does to control the entire market.
if it wasn't a crypto then we could just ask people to register IDs in order to mine(1 ID = 1 GPU/CPU) so everyone has a fair chance but then u just end up with a jew coin like ripple and be honest, who the fuck wants to have to register their IDs just to mine a shitcoin?
I am wondering how Bram Cohen's coin is conceptually going to work in fighting off centralization if it ever gets off the ground.
Guy throws around the names of concepts Proof of Space and Time.
Really wish I weren't a brainlet so I could understand if the concept is really feasible or nothttps://cyber.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/bramcohen.pdf
still the same problem, none of this stops whales from just buying more hdds/cpus/gpusif you fell for the crypto decentralization and muh bankers meme then you're gonna get burned sorrycrypto is good for other aspects like anonymity and the fact that it can be used globally and be scaled to be extremely fast, but centralization is definitely not what it addresses
haha you wish.Better brace yourself for what's coming.
Pump your last pennies
It hasnt even begunnnn