If LINKs not officially partnering with SWIFT what else are they doing?
They have some of the most prestigious computer scientists involved in this project (ari juels and evan cheng) their white paper was peer reviewed and pored over to a level that none other has been, and they've basically had their nose to the grindstone not even bothering hyping their coin despite have Jake Brukhman on staff who it looks like will eventually be the guy in charge of selling it.
Sergey (think a mix of sergey brin, mark zuckerberg, elon musk, etc., ettc.)
is by all acounts a genius and an incredibly kind guy.
SWIFT is literally the only thing they could be developing for and obviously its by far the biggest player in its game.
The reason there's going to be a billion tokens is because it is literally going to be that widely adopted all of them will be needed.
Wtf am I missing here?
Why is anyone else shilling any other coins?
What will you tell your kids when you didn't buy LINK at .15?
Do you brainlets think that the goal of LINK is to buy lattes?
We'll leave that for reddit bitboys, we have bigger fish to fry.
Oh yea, and did I mention he very well could be Satoshi.
Why are you shilling LINK?if it's so promising, wouldn't you want to quietly accumulate it?
Because ADHD kids on here have no patience.
op im interested too pls explain
muh need to "accumulate" another 3 months after already having had 2 months.
Not every retard can only afford 3 LINK every month and needs time to buy more.
I'm tapped out m8 and I'm ready for my moon mission.
I'll be putting in more as my wagecuck checks come in but 122k is all I can afford for now.
Honestly I wish someone had shilled BTC this hard in 2011 maybe it would have gotten through my thick skull.
Shilling on 4chan isn't going to blow it up, it's just going to help some neet bros and autists get wealthy.
i fucking warned you guys.
why didn't you listen to me?
go compare LINK and DNT charts right now.
muh altruismyeah, noWhy are you really doing this?
I'm ready for my moon mission.
I've watched everyone else get theirs for shitty shitty coins now I'm ready for mine, and it just so happens we have an incredible technology thats going to power it.
Could it be?
is that a tampon string?
I don't know I didn't take it, my rocket hasn't taken off yet.
If LINKs not officially partnering with SWIFTThis is so fucking stupid.
You are a retard, OP.
The "partnership" is already complete.
It's not a partnership, ChainLink is part of Swift's system now.
And it's already priced in.
It's not news.
It's already known.
why is there so much fucking piss in that bag??
there's no way that could have overflowed from the urinal so... what is it even doing there?
janitor making nightly contributions
The smart money knows it but it hasn't filtered down yet.
Everyone here needs to get it through their head.
We are the smart money this time, you just have to grab it.
can someone tell me where the toilet meme is coming from?
pretty much the only explanation, but even using that alone it would still take weeks to fill up that much, surely someone would complain by that time
Just stop it OP.
If anyone still does not hold any LINK, they do not deserve to make it.
Get comfy and wait.
Paid shitcoin FUD shills that are trying to keep LINK down so they can accumulate more.
found it https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/ugqb8/how_does_this_happen/c4v8f9c/
This.
Fuck the pajeets, if they can't even take few minutes to actually review LINK and its partnerships they don't deserve to make it.
Not like their lunch money would have made a difference to link price.
This is exactly what the 9/11 time travellers must have felt like as they were getting hauled into CIA vans and parents were telling their kids not to stare at the crazy people as they walked into the world trade centers hours before they came down.
kek, thx anon
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
You're missing the FUNdamentals.
Anyone that disagrees with me is a paid shill>also russians hacked the electionNow it makes sense why LINK has such an appeal on you
is there an invite link for their slack?
damn this is fresh info, do you know when this was sent?
Or who that jolly looking guy is?
Is that hudson james?
Rory/community manager
linkie wrangler
circels
Anyone that disagrees with me is a paid shillThat's funny, this is the exact line Shareblue shills used when being told off for wagecucking for Shillary/Soros/the devil.And then you switch to a pro-Trump narrative because, hey it's 4chan!Wagecucking shill detected
those time traverls must've been as retarded as linkies, all they had to do is call police and say they have information that there are bombs in WTC and nearby buildings, then the police would evacuate it.
or say that terrorist attack is about to occur, but don't specifically say it's a plane or they won't believe you.
I'm the smart money but I'm losing faith!
Anyone who tries to FUD you is literally the devil.
We all have a chance to get rich here, don't let your self loathing or the self loathing of other haters and paid shills get you down dude.
We're all in this together.
We're gonna make.
Our rocket's ready for us, we just gotta find it within ourselves before we can go to the moon.
Anyone who tries to FUD you is literally the devil.bagholders trying to cope does more damage to the image of link than FUD.
this is one of the better projects out there(but far from being the best) and had it not been for bagholders losing their shit constantly i'd probably buy some of their bags.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhYI know I always post this video but the first 2 mins explains the project so well.
If you understand this and its implications you understand how revolutionary this is and how broad-ranging the use cases will beMAINSTREAM SMART CONTRACTSThere's no such thing as a sure thing but this is about as close as you can get
Whats teh best way to acquire and hold linkies?
I'm new to this bag
4486591Only 100% to lose and nothing would change about wagecucking anyway with a couple of grands more in your pocket.
But if the lottery ticket really goes through, you've made it.
Literally unlimited amount go gain.Just think rationally.
There is literally not a single piece of argumentative valid FUD.
It is only toilet memes, bad copypastas and "muh sergey fat".
Anybody else is really the fucking devil.
Karma will bite you assholes in your dick.
How big your stack?
k chain?
That's a lot
This is true.
Educational time is over however.
Nobody here really can't be arsed to educate and teach people anymore after months.
4chan won't make it moon but only give you the tip of your lifetime if you missed BTC/ETH.
Don't miss it.
Listen.
in both development and marketingMY BODY IS READY
Canadian plumber here, the urinal is probably clogged and the flushing mechanism is probably broken so it just lets water run thru the urinal constantly, thus filling the bag with piss water
This, actually, you are making you own bags heavier
RENT FREE >FUCK OFF
Retard who fell for it wants other retards to buy it hoping this will raise the price of course
How can you price it in?
No one is using the token yet.
We have ZERO gauge for demand right now.
Price of LINK will go up as demand goes up.
Stop pretending like you know when it's impossible to know right now.