Why is BCH fork needed?
What will happen afterwards?
The fork happened ages ago dumbass
Explain this: why did everyone apparently just realized that bch is better?
Why now and not before?
Would like to know also
because the price has gone up more.
4299226It's called PnD
All the whales were accumulating.
Normies were too busy sucking cores dick
Fuck your mother if you want fuck.
Because people want BTC to hardfork into S2X because they don't like BTC.
Then when the S2X fork was cancelled they said "fuck it.
lets just go with BCH"
because segwit2x failedbitcoin cash fixes the same problems segwit2x was going to fixbitcoin core team is retarded and is making bitcoin worse and worse
Because the 2x fork was cancelled meaning BTC will never scale.
BCH's own hard fork, idiot, that will happen in 2 days
4299226The Segwit2x fork failed.
That was the one shot BTC had at on-chain scaling.
The agreement initially had broad consensus amongst miners, major exchanges, payment processors, etcAnd all that broke down.Bitcoin Cash initially had almost NO support from miners or the community generally.
Fundamentally, lots of people had wanted 8MB blocks, but abruptly forking without consensus and messing with difficulty seemed hokey.But now it represents a real opportunity for growth and use as an actual currency.
And given metcalfe's law....well that's got some legs.
They believed that Bitcoin will survive with these forks and updates.
But the common believe is now that it's not going to be.
source?
they said "fuck it.
lets just go with BCH"
I did, BTC has no scaling solution.
The apt pump we saw the other day was just a knee jerk reaction to the news.
This is far from over.
They dont realize that bitcoin cash is a centralized shitcoin pumped up by jihan and his miners so they can continue using their asics
Its an upgrade fool.
No new coins
Nice trips but please don't ask questions that any sane person would ask and BCH paid shills cannot answer.
It's not welcome on places like /biz/.
You don't understand anything about this.
I have a degree in comp sci and I've listend to all the arguments and proposed solutions.
It's impossible to have a decentralized cheap on-chain scaling solution.
If you want to to broadcast your 1$ coffee payment to 10 million nodes then just that broadcast will cost more electricity than the transaction itself.
On chain scaling is only possible if there are only a few highly interconnected nodes with huge storage capacities, high bandwith and much cpu power.
The average user won't be able to run a node and thus 51% attacks become easy, have fun putting you money into a coin thats on a database thats only stored on 5 chink servers.
this was meant for this:
USDT.
It was needed to fix the EDA, which was causing wild fluctuations in profitability.
Sometimes it was mining one block every three hours, sometimes it was mining 60 blocks an hour.Incidentally the EDA is a hack that is expressly against satoshi's vision.
still preferable to regulated and controlled off-chain networks
A few reasons actually:>BTC already established and name brand.>Blockstream shills control much of the discussion and censor discussion of anything that doesn't directly suck their dick.
See /r/bitcoin for more.>Segwit2x was promised to come after segwit as part of an agreement to ensure BTC would scale.
>Many rightly claimed that because 2x didn't happen at the same time as Segwit that this was a lie.
>Hey look, 2x just failed and only Segwit was implemented.
Weird that Core devs got only what they wanted.>Lightning network promised by Blockstream still no where in sight.>BCC is 8mb in size instead of 1mb, so it can actually handle transfers without insane fees.>Many lost faith in BTC, especially with 2x fork failing.
So BCC is the only real competitor.I'm sure I missed some things, but that's a few of the reasons.
Hey look, 2x just failed and only Segwit was implemented.
Weird that Core devs got only what they wanted.You can hardly pin that on Core.
Hahahahaha, yeah.
I'm sure it's just another happy coincidence that segwit2x failed giving Core exactly what they and they alone wanted.
Again.Want to talk about any of the other stuff?
Such as the heavy censorship that theymos keeps pushing which may, I dunno, have some effect on the future of BTC and potential hard forks such as 2x?Really makes me think.
It's a trused 3rd layer solution now, look it up.
No one can steal your coins anymore.
The best they can do is locking them up.
You would have a cold wallet for your main balance and a hot LN wallet for your monthly/weekly needs.
The censorship is just daft.
But Reddit by design is a place for groupthink.I doubt Jihan Wu cancelling segwit2x can be put down to Core though, and that so many people claim it can kind of shows that they're shills.
Lol, when they were actively shilling and attacking all of the NYA signatories?
Riding the asses of anyone who dared treat the forks equally, or on the basis of hashrate?
Censoring and shadow banning anyone through main channels who supported 2MB blocks?
The hashrate on coin.dance was bullshit or the fork would have gone ahead.
Hashrate was literally all that mattered, but it costs money.
Signalling is free.
I will never invest in BCH, Bitcoin Core till I die.
Good luck losing everything faggot
I doubt Jihan Wu cancelling segwit2xBAHAHAHAHAHA!Yes of course, it was all Jihan the chink and not the heavy censorship, shilling, banning, and attacking the NYA signatories and those who supported 2x.
Lordy lordy.https://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800I'm sure lightning network will work out too.
Shills were in here 24/7 telling us all 2x was an inevitable success cos it had the hashrate, now they're telling us it failed because of name-calling.
guess you'll die
I think you may be confusing shills and shitposters.
Wait a second, when did literally censoring, banning, and attacking those pushing for 2x on every major BTC discussion forum become simply name-calling?You sure you ain't a shill of a particular variety buddy?
Weird that I only saw "2X IS INEVITABLE" on places where that discussion was allowed.
The idea that 2x was inevitable was fucking stupid tbf.
We're penetrating 1200USD like a cheap prostitute desu.
(easy)
because it also has buttcoin in its name
PnD, nothing more nothing less.
And yet, almost no sell volume because everyone who thought it was a PnD scheme sold off months ago.
People buy back into PnD's all the time, what's your point?No one is selling because they can see the pump isn't over yet.Stop trying to "outsmart" people.
Everyone can see what's going on.
You're not special.
Enjoy your core bags
Good boy, lose your money so that Adam Back can have his shekels.
bitcoin turned into a chinky scam coinsad
A multi-day PnD with no real sell volume...Yeah sure buddy.
Are you legitimately retarded?Sometimes I forget a lot of you have only be in crypto a month.
only korea is buyingsays a lot
Stop trying to "outsmart" people.yeah if this is your trading mentality i can understand why you always keep on posting the pink wojaks
% of volume is from outside Korea, but good luck with your 1mb shitcoin lol
What an odd coincidence that this PnD happened to occur at the same time that 2x failed and many decided to throw their weight into BCC.Binance listing BCC/USD and BCC/ETH exchanges must be part of the PnD with no sell volume too.Wewy.
Legit retard indeed.
chinks going to sleep, party is over
4300381Ignorance will get you no where in life.Stop seeing dollar signs and live in reality once and awhile.
The 1mb "secure" network controlled by "technical geniuses" is being spammed, so bitcoin is practically unmovable.
The party is just beginning lmfao
thanks for youre incredible insight boomer
yeah theyre sellingdo you know how much new money is in core?bch is pumping just to be dumped
satoshi's vision
LMAO best way to put it.
$100 billion valued network is being "spammed" into unusefullness.
it's needed to that you spend all your money on every fucking variation of btc that exitsit's all a scam, if the original btc dies, better gtfo of anything with btc in the name
Hideous pic, delete this trash.
braaaaaaap
Man that is some sage advice I tell ya.You have to a be rich man with all that anonymous pretentiousness you've got shitpostin' everywhere.
Selling>Price goes from $800 to $1200 overnightIn your dreams, coresucker.
The real bitcoin is taking its rightful place.
Jew and chink propaganda.You're not getting my digital gold, BTC4lyfe
Because Jihan and Roger decided to show how "secure" the network is by making it unusable for a laughable cost.Meanwhile BCH jumped in price so brainwashed retards actually started reading about it.