only bitcoin cash holders are comfy.
how do you feel anon?
>tfw could have 3xHonestly though, no one could have ever seen the 2x cancellation.Jesus, think about the obvious insider trading that could have occurred had you known this was always going to be cancelled.And it probably did occur too.
i admit this played out mostly as I expected, but I didn't see the cancellation happening.
my nips are hard though
Feels euphoric.
I am finally a part of history.
Well there it goes, broke 1k.
well btc holders from january are still pretty comfy
not probably, definitely.its why bcash was going up BEFORE the cancellation was announced, even though 2x would've been a competitor
welp, everything is in bcc now.. am I retarted?
just shorted some BCH :)
yes, but it has nothing to do with your trading decisions
You get it.
enjoy getting dumped on, chink-lovers
i knew it would happen fuck i swapped my req for bch at $710 last night and quickly sold when it dipped FUCK WHY DID I HAVE TO SECOND GUESS MYSELF THE WRITING WAS ON THE WALL
Don't care about BCH.
But I should have exchanged for USDT when BTC was at 7300.
Diverted all my money into NEO and ETH, and got rekt.
id rather bow to the new chink overlords then knell to the present jewish ones
Hold BTC from before the fork>Still haven't redeemed my BCHAnyone else?I have the private keys, it's just that I'm too lazy to make a wallet.
just hold them m8.
Maximum comfy
im holding double amount of BCH that i have for BTC.
This drop didnt change my USD value at all!
I just panic sold all for usdt
Yes, I have 81 of each, but I want BCH to spiral and die at 0 sats.
Its not ok to fork bitcoin.
I just sold too.
I bought at 650 and sold at 950.
If there's anything I've learned it's to not be greedy.
There's funky shit going on with BCH currently and I don't want to be a part of it.
These profits are comfy.
you probably won't regret that.
I think this phenomenon is a one day thing.
I swapped for ETHfor its low, waiting it to fly for 10+ more dollapsstill a risk anyways
Making tons of gains and the weekend is coming up which means I can sleep longer.
I feel extremely comfy right now.
Where my fellow comfy big blockers at?
so once BCC starts to drop where do you think gains are going?
alts are looking real cheap at the moment
Its not ok to fork bitcoin
There's not going to be any long term pullback from Bitcoin Cash.
What exchanges can you trade BCH for alts?
Because in the meantime there could be incentive to dump BCH for BTC to trade into alts.