Have you currently invested in an ICO?
I have put a good amount in this one.
The company behind it, Cappasity was founded 4 years ago as a startup, they collected 1.8M from Angel investors.
They CEO has been working with intel and nvidia, intel even got cappasites software on their website.
google easy 3d scan, third entry.
They plan to start an decentralized 3d model marketplace, they already have the biggest ar/vr 3d model database, partnerships with art museums and will provide 3d models for alibaba , the chinese amazon.
And they claim to have signed an important cooperation with a big player which will they announce when token hit the market @ november 22, even without the announcement there is enough to make the price moon, imagine the partnership is with oculus/intel/nvidia, it would become a top 20 crypto very fast.Now is phase 1 of the ICO, only pre registered or people invited by them can participate.
Newly invited can't invite others.
They closed phase 1 early because after they signed the partnership deal they decided they don't want to sell too many tokens in phase 1 of the ICO, so the most will be sold in phase 2, which will take place in december and they expect a higher price buy then because of the announements they gonna make.
Here is my link if you are interested, you need one to register.
But note that I get 5% comission.
goo DOT gl SLASH HnwDX2 I assure you this is not the only reason I post this, of course it is a motivation but I mainly want to make you aware of it because I really think it could be the next big thing.
Think of the vr/ar industry, the online retailers which work more and more with 3d objects for their prodcuts, on top of that the 3d printing industry and all the 3d model designers can sell their models.
It is am imerging market and they could take a big role in it due to their first move adventage, they started 4 years ago.
Read about it boys before calling me a shill just because of the ref link.
For your own good
30m ICO capthanks but no thanks
kek your ID.
ListentomeBut I wouldn't.
They will burn the unsold tokens but expect that there will be enough demand for the cap because of they big announcements.
Even when when they fill 30m there is a lot of possible growth, every shitcoin with nothing but a whitepaper is worth 25m.
LIsnT0MeWTF
listen to this man
What will 10x next, anon?
I'm ready.
what should we buy?
tell us more anon please tell us more
well fuck my thread
WelpThey might as well cancel the ico now
Tell us what to buy faggot
Tell me your price prediction for Ark
GRS?
serious?
Listen to me.
0.5 ether in this account, and I tell you a coin which will 3x in 2 days.
No pajeeting.
1 ether and I tell you about a 10x ICO.0x7da74180368c3Aac0397DB1B4E28Ea3c30C104bEArk'll go to 5$ in a couple weeks

a greedy jew can't be a cryptoprophet
Its just a jew or a pajeet guys!
False alarm!
Go back to your cucksheds!
Holy fuck glad I could witness this

legendary ID>immediately acts like a faggotGet lost.
trying to jew /biz/ with a rare ID A true biznessmanYou're right about Ark though
Let's pitch in, it'll better than PBC calls anyway.
LIsnT0Me...God is that you?
What do i buy?????
Yes, my child.
Buy BLOCKNET and you will be saved.
this made my day
Include me in the screencap.
Ark'll go to 5$ in a couple weeksfuck off pajeet
Ark>pajeetPick one faggotThe team is all non-indian men
42585604258598LINK.
This is a marine thread now.
Will OMG be okay?
I'd rather DOGE.
Biz whales plsGib this faggot his 150 bucks and we will all make it.
I bought some of these, because Estonia fuck yeah [spoiler]seriously it seems like good buy[/spoiler]https://tokensale.crypterium.io/?ref =cedad046b93b72677927d94aplease use refer to support anon
LIsnT0Me>always do the opposite of what /biz/ says.jpgOkay.
Checked.
Kek is all over you today, anon.
Yes, my lord
May the power of kek and dubs bless you
holy shitnow i have to pass on this
Seriously guys.
This LsnT0Me anon was sent in the artoken thread for a reason.
He is a disguised jew.
but he showed he is a greedy fuck very quickly.
Seriously tho, artoken will hit markets with a low marketcap on november 22.
They only raised 1.8 Million so far, doubt they will get over 2.5 Million in phase 1, because its fucking closed without invite.
limited sale= Low marketcap add hyping news and you get to the moon.
But the referal link thing makes to many people believe this is me just shilling.
I will make a post when it hit market, lets see what my 250k Artokens gonna be worth atleast 2.5k , Ico Price is 0.008$ per token minus 13% bonus
stfu nobody cares about your shitcoin
lmao this is tremendous, you completely hijacked the thread
What did he mean by this?
Launching tokensale for new smart contract token.Buy LsnT0MeCoin on presale on LsnT0Me.io fast.
there are so many shitcoins now LOL
L I S T E N I N G
welp you ruined it... you could have made history instead you will now be known as a greedy jew who pissed away his opportunity
Last comment for today: insider info says GRS = 12k today.
Nice just went all in LINK.
Thanks man, see you on the moon.
Hear* you on the moon.