The pump yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.Price has already tanked 10%.
Once it breaks through the $1500 resistance the panic will begin and small holders and speculators will begin to offload, with the whales already long gone.Once it shoots through the $1000 mark, unabated FEAR will ripe through all cashies.
With all those who dumped their current accounts into this scam twitching at their arsehole continuously while refreshing bithumb.The $300 mark will be met, the largest panic in history will ensue.
The final deluded Nodes will begin to go offline, and wagecuckers with their engineering salaries loaded up in BCH will be left with it stuck in their wallet, unable to move it to liqui to salvage some self respect.The price WILL tank at this point to sub $300, and most probably sub hardfork levels.From that day forward the deluded cashie wagecucking engineering nerds who bought this coin thinking it had fundamentals will go back to their jobs, with no money in their current accounts, to be made redundant by the next wave of pajeets arriving to undercut their wages.Deluded cashies will hold bags FOREVER, with no job, no money, and no crypto.I warned you cashies.
There's still time to get out.
Sell NOW.Don't be deluded, don't be a Cashie.
Deluded cashies will hold bags FOREVERbcore's mempool tells a different story
nice just bought 100k
brb, buying more BCH
Assume nothing.
Anything can happen.
Good goy.
Keep selling those coins for cheap.
The pajeet is just mad cuz he sold at the wong time.
Chinks win!
0.00000000000001 btc has been deposited into your walletEstimated transaction time: 144 hours
Fucking CoreCuck detected.
a shekel for the good goy
amish man developing bcore refuses to adopt simple technological improvement
BCH is going to break BTC ATH tomorrow, lets talk after the happening.
I find it funny how they tricked the BTC crowd in believing BTC is actually Bitcoin.
No its not.
Read the Whitepaper, our Bible, BitcoinCash is Bitcoin.
underrated
A retracement is due to $5k minimum, but it should not go below $4k at the very worst.
I bought at 3.7tell me it will go back up
you're talking about BTC?
(logo is tilded to the right)BCH logo is tilted left
It's going for parity anon.
Then it'll become bitcoin.
muahahaha If you sold at this point youre fucking stupidyou have to be a complete retard not to understand this.
LMAO
you're screwed m8.You really thought a bitcoin copy called 'Bitcoin Cash' would replace Bitcoin?Maybe they're right after all, the market was dumb enough to buy this rumor.
I hope so.I trust Roger Ver the ex-con and Jihan Wu the ASICBOOST cheater.I mean, I'm sure they didn't just give up, right?
Trying to cope with the loss?
No, sure they will spend all their wealth trying to impose their coin as a true Bitcoin, even tho the exchanges decides in the end and already chose their chain...How naive can some people be.... All this was just another pump and dump scheme...
I just found btc 0.1 I bought back in 2013.
It's in a wallet no longer supported.
The fuck do I do now?
I was not prepared for this.
ASICBOOST cheater>making more efficient ASICs is somehow a bad thing
ITS starting to dump hard.ITS HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4321341this pasta always cracks me up hhahah
I been telling to people for days now not to go with this shitcoin, that they will get burned.
Glad that I am not alone, those shillers should be imprisoned for fraud
Ikr enjoy those cash bags you naive kids.
You're arguing with communists
4324092another pair of retards.Here:https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/breaking-down-bitcoins-asicboost-scandal/it's spelled out for you.
Either you're a liar, or you've been lied to.