There are people on /biz/ right now who bought:>btc at $600>eth at $10>ltc at $3>xrp at $0.005>dash at $15>lsk at $0.10>etc.How are you fags feeling right now?
I've never once held a profitable coin.
Ever.
Every coin is profitable if you hold it for a month.
Literally every single coin is bound to go up at some point or another.
I bought eth at $50 but made the mistake of telling my mom and pretty much got kicked out of the house.
I lost most of my gains cashing out to pay for bills and food (former neet)
Someday we'll be saying the same thing about sub-0.20 link
:^)
Back in the day when bitcoin was 10 dollars I bought 5 and wanted to start mining, but just stopped and forgot about it and I dont know where the wallet is.
Its so fucked.
>bought BTC at $300 and ETH at $32Pretty good, wish I'd bought more though.
my brother mined over 200 and sold the majority to pay the electric bill.
Ouch.
I can understand losing track of a couple BTC from way back when this whole thing started, but selling 200 to cover an electricity bill?
That stings.
Fuck he'd be a millionaire
btc at $600newfag
this.
it's so easy to make money in this market by just being patient
>tfw bought $100 of BTC at $7300 right before the big drop
Most people came here around this time.
bought eth around july 2016, only got 9.3 of it tho
link
Good, because I'm one of them.I also bought Ark at $1
Try XMR at $6.
Feels especially good right now
 BTC at $200 > ETH at ICO> LSK at ICO I'm feeling pretty good about it.
lol I bought BTC at 75 Cad in May 2013
I'm glad for those who bought early and made bank.
Don't fuck it up, lads.
Meanwhile I'm the dumbfuck who was so close to dropping $500 on bitcoin in Feb 2013, but decided against it because I didn't think it was safe.
I instead used it on a 3 day trip to NYC to bang a fat jew broad I knew from highschool lmao.
J U S T
It did.
If you didn't sell that's your problem.Post blockfolioHow much?
Hope you sell your tulips before the crash.
Simply false, have a look at the long list of alts in the graveyard.
buying a dead coinConsider not being an absolute retard.
spent a paycheck on btc at $8.thanks /g/
Constantly wondering if I should sell now or tomorrow.
I have literally never sold, only bought
in 2019 I will be able to make one of these threads when req hits 3$
Depends on how much you have.
If I had 2 million USD I would just sell.
Saves me the stress, and that's all the money I would need for the rest of my life.
drowning in hooker pussy
proud of holding 4100 xmr, sold 250 at $170 today (yes I was that) already feeling a little bit bad
Ehhh bought req during the ico.
Bought link during the dip but it dipped more.
Waited almost 2 months.
Lost 400$.
I had no btc because btc was already expensive.
I fucked up.
I'm almost in the green should I cash out and buy the "crash".
Make me made to see everyone gaining thousands and me just loosing some bullshit pocket money.
Fuck all I want is 400k to buy a house.
Is that so much to ask for?
Will 5,000 link get me a house boys?
btc was already expensiveare you illiterate to the point where you're unaware you can own a fraction of a bitcoin?
idk DOGE keeps coming back
You almost made me laugh.
Be smarter next time old sucker
Fucking awesomeI work for ConsenSys too.
I’m fuckin loaded.
>Put 50k down for the new Tesla roadster.>eclisped my families wealth 5x over>looking at a dope pent house in Manhattan>girls finally like meI bought ETH before the Microsoft news came out.
I've been holding MYST since release and it's gone from $3.6 to $.52.
I've held for MONTHS and it's done nothing but bleed me dry.
Hodling is bullshit.
girls finally like meThey still don't.
They like your penthouse and bank account.
Just finished accumulating a fat stack of GVTI have my moon mission priorities straight.
delet this
What's your point?
Some men have a nice body that they worked for that's attractive to women.
He has a lot of money that he worked for that's attractive to women.
Bought 60 eth at $1.50, the truth is I just wish I bought more, doesn't even feel that good
He didn't work for it.
Once again, they don't like him.
It's shallow.
Meaningless.
Do you believe in "love" or something?
Of course women are shallow, who cares?
He's made it and can fuck whoever he wants, anyone getting married is a fool anyways.
I bought 1 eth at $10.I still feel retarded for not getting more
Do you believe in "love" or somethingAre you 14 or something?
And it's not just the women that are shallow.
That anon is a prime example of a shallow man.
Getting to fuck whoever you want isn't something so great.
I'm in my 30s, you'll eventually learn that love doesn't exist and that relationships sour as soon as the honeymoon period is over.
Just stick with casual things before you fuck up your life, learn the hard way, and end up having to throw your money into a black hole after she divorces you.>That won't happen to meStatistically it will.
Love is real but I don't expect it to ever happen to me.
Despite this I'm not going to waste my life fucking whores or engaging in other lower pleasures.
Even if I had the money I wouldn't waste it on stupid shit.
So yeah, it won't happen to me.
you'll eventually learn that love doesn't exist>here take my personal anecdotal evidence of my shit life for how life is for everyoneneck yourself
Its just anecdotal evidenceMajority of marriages end in divorce, majority of divorces are initiated by women.
Hardly just anecdotal.
Majority of marriages end in divorceThis shouldn't surprise anyone.
There is no religion to hold shallow people together so they just end a marriage that shouldn't have happened to begin with.
So you go from:Do you believe in "love" or something?To now just saying most marraiges end in divorce.
Kind of a goalpost change there, edgefag
The stat is 50%, and it accounts for all divorces, people who divorce oftentimes do it more than once so they skew shitAlso think about all of the low class scum and total fuckwads who get married young or on a whim, if you aren't in that camp your odds are suddenly getting much sexier
the crypto field is ripe with opportunity just use good judgement when investing in new projects.
feels gooood
If love was actually real then most marriages would not end in divorce.
Love is supposed to be a permanent thing, not something that more often than not vanishes.
I entered in all these positions.
about 500K profit.
cashed out 100K and I am still in 400k.initial investment 40K I am happy if I maintain the current portfolio.
fag, got together with my lady when I was 30, relationship started out good and mooned from there, married her at 37, still great.
10 years with her now, by fucking far the best thing that ever happened to me.Be nice, be compromising, make sure she's nice and compromising, and don't marry fucking thots.
Love is real, but yes, most women (and men) are shitcoins, so YMMV.
May take 5 years but yes.
At the very least will give you enough to diversify and buy much bigger into a future promising project.
Rebecca stop.
Bought 2 bitcoins in 2014. spent 2 btc on drugs in 2015
how on earth did that get you kicked out of the house anon?
I feel like shit atmIm under dry spell and I have only 2 friends left one has adhd and its hard to hang out with he is so annoying other is going through rough breakup and is even more annoying to hang out withone year ago parties were organized because I had a day off and now its like nobody even cares
Sweaty.Also, I had sex with a Brazilian today.