Something is very wrong with crypto.Let me be very honest right now for a moment.
I come from a fairly well off family.
We're not ultra rich but my parents have millions in real estate and they've owned businesses their entire lives, so we're pretty comfortable.I got into crypto in MAY and ask my parents for some money to invest.
They gave me 80k and since then I have made almost 1.9MM dollars, having cashed out almost 400k already.I literally know nothing about crypto tech and still know nothing.
I literally browse biz, reddit, and some bitcoin forums and gather information and make huge gambles on coins and sometimes I make over 200k in a few days (this happens more rarely, of course).Even when you make a bad call, the most you'll lost is 30%-50% of your investment... but the wins earn you 2-10x.
I made 20x with DGB over the summer.How is it possible that someone who refuses to learn anything about crypto can make so much?
Is this shit a joke or something?
It feels illegal.It has completely desensitized me to money.
I just bought 8k worth of shit from Burberry.
I never used to wear any designer clothes and did most of my shopping at H&M, and now if I see a jacket for under $500 I think it's for poor people.My question is, with so much money in crypto there must be a way for me to make even more, right?
Doesn't money make money?
What can I do to make 5MM, or 10MM, or more?
Help me biz and we can split some profits here.
Start daytrading with shitloads of volume
Larp.
Buy ark and send me 100k
Start your own coin.
Get people to buy in while you hold most of it.
Pump it to the next galaxy over, then sell before anyone notices.
1PDSmjcrenEZkJLcET9SMnxpTkf1jk4SE6change my life?
Start daytrading high volume coins with large amounts of money, and take safe 3% gains and only 1% losses
100x leverage on Bitmex
good larping.
if u able to make 80k to 1,9 mi.
y not use same strategy for 5 mil, you larping retard
4391463This doesn't really seem worth it to me, I don't like sitting around worrying about charts and small percentages.
I look for the big plays and invest heavily when I think a move is right.
I want to enjoy my life and not be glued to a screen.
There has to be an easier way?I'm SO FUCKING PISSED I missed the 7x mercury moon mission on trex.
Coincidentally I logged in randomly and saw that it has JUST been added.
I decided not to invest, even though I had 60k ready to invest in something.
ask my parents for some money to invest.
They gave me 80kThe problem isnt crypto, it's you
L A R PA RP
Tell us what you did.
BTC, BCH, Alts?
Trading leverage with crypto is kind of stupid.
Like I said, the most you'll lose is 30-50% unless you really get fucked over, which is rare.
The point of margin trading is to increase volatility, which is why people use it in stock markets because you'll rarely see swings there like you do in crypto.
Most people will get liquidated instantly, it's like playing russian roulette with 5 bullets and 1 empty chamberHonestly, I've gotten lazy.
I didn't have a job when I got into crypto, and I worked my ass off trading and studying trends 8 hours a day (whilst completely ignoring the tech.
I literally do not give a fuck if crypto is the future, I just want money and I don't care to learn about ledgers or whatever.
I barely know what bitcoin does and I don't know what a smart contract is).I want to enjoy my money but I want to earn more.
Help me and I will help you back.
k is not that much, it's a little more than a car.
Many parents buy their kids cars.
All alts.
I have a reserve bitcoin now but until about 800k I held no bitcoin.
I would sell into bitcoin or ETH to trade for other coins, never would hold them.I mean I held BTC and ETH at certain points when I wasn't sure what to do, but yeah, mostly alts
You already know what to do.
I own 300k links.
this coin is doing nothing.
OK this settles it.
OP is a troll.Everyone can move along now to other threads.
Ok so invest in lisk (news about the rebrand coming out on the 22nd) so pull out a day before that, and also ark (mobile wallet and business entitiy at 98%).
Afterwards, invest it in waltonchain (wallet+blockchain coming out in early december).
Poor college student so tip is very appreciated 1Aynf94pGPDk7wXdX18pdtFZ9VqfrVRBh1
You were already desensitized to money.You didn't get anywhere on your own.You're not creative.You're not successful.You're begging for independent thought.
The only thing you don't have and the biggest thing that's holding you back.Keep buying your way into a fun story of loss.Pro-tip.If you want to work with someone, you need to talk to them a little more intimately than this bullshit.
You're either truly the most worthless kind of autist, or you're one step above that, and are a LARPer.
FUCK lisk.
I bought at the previous ATH and held that shit for months with it steadily going down.
I finally drop it and now it's at a new ATH.
Not going to repeat history.WTC is also pretty high right now.
Your tips are stupid, no offense.A nice honda accord with options and rims is like 39k.
That amount is two honda accords.
>Parents give him four fifths of one hundred thousand dollars for no work>gambles it and makes a shitton more money>doesn't actually need the money>wonders why a dollar has no value to himthanks just sold 100kyou must be over 18 (eighteen) years of age to post here
LARP.
kys.
lol you don't know me.
Just because I came from some money and you eat hot pockets for breakfast lunch and dinner doesn't mean you're superior to me.Your projection is kind of disgusting.
Look in a mirror and reevaluate how your approach life.
You're doing it wrong.LAAAAAAAARP.
I'm 26.
WTC pretty high?
ATH was around 8.54.
Well don't be emotional about a coin cause of a previous bad experience.
Just focus on profit
proof that you are not larping and I might help you
He joined just before the big bull run Look at it now.
It's all vertical like a wave.
Same prices almost since August Now compare since may
True, this Summer it was so easy to make money.
I woke up one morning and bought RDD coin for fun and make like 60k from that in two days.
I guess I was spoiled by that because now I feel like I can't make money as easily anymore, hence why I was so upset over mercury.buying within 20% of the ATH is still pretty much buying at the ATH
I don't have to project.
You're easy to read.I prepare all my own meals.
I don't hate the rich.
I'm not one of the commie fucks here.
Obviously I'm here.Calling my disdain for your in-sensitivities a projection doesn't make me any less correct, or you any less of a fraud.Take the food insult for instance.
Food is class warfare, and you just dismissed someone on that basis?
You're upperclass classless.No matter what is going on with you, you're a fuck up loser for this.
That's all.
If you really are wealthy, I stand by what I said.
You need to learn how to talk if you want anyone to work with you to make real money.If you're faking, you need to reevaluate what you want to be like when this fantasy scenario of yours comes to pass.
come to vancouver email me neeL_32@Hotmail.comill show you a good time here and we'll trade crypto and i know how to spend money and make it worth while.
Just flip ICO's...
claims to have made 1.9MM on crypto>ask how to turn this into 5MMLARP
They gave me 80k>completely desensitized me to moneyNot many people get given 80K, sounds like you were already desensitised.>I have made almost 1.9MM dollarsGood job but don't waste it or the money will disappear
LARP, albiet a good one
in-sensitivities>illiteracy is a problem in AmericaYou can't even determine if I'm larping or not... yet I'm easy to read?
lmao.You seem extremely butthurt, maybe if you spent less of your already limited mental capacities on hating you'd find a way out of buying shitcoins at their ATH.
Op why dont you try paying some of those earning forward.
Your parents helped you out, so why not try helping some others out.
Might help you feel better about your cash.I could use some coin.
Could help me to build my portfolio.
Would be awesome op if you could.Thanks1PYAWPd5Eon11MXMe7WMRBWEk8RfJbLbsa
HahahahahahahaEveryone is the wolf of the wall street on the internet
I honestly don't know how you guys do it, I've done nothing but lose money in crypto.
I went in with 0.71 and now I only have 0.2 stuck in NEO that I bought at $30 hoping for it to move and 0.22 BTC.
If somebody wants to help me with advice on how to stop losing money like a retard here's a throwaway email - cryptocucked@gmail.com.
Cmon op, ill suck your dick for 1 btc I swear to god.
We are living in the struggle here
Your post was so pathetic that I've decided to have mercy on you.Buy these ICO's-Bloom-Omega oneBuy these coins-Neo-Metaverse ETP-Powr (power ledger, NOT power coin)
This post just confirms you are either full of shit or just got extremely lucky.Power ledger is such a bad buy right now, the facts going around greatly exaggerate how good the project is, and it's pumped a fuckton in the past fortnight.
thanks looking into these asap
Funny that you bring up Power Ledger, because it's the ONE coin that I actually researched.
It is the one coin that I've ever bought because I actually think it's kind of cool and useful.It's pretty phenomenal, you should look into it.
Also, I get to feel like I'm a good person.
I actually have a great new pick up line to use on chicks.
When they (naturally) begin to get curious about how I'm able to flex so hard, I'll tell them that I'm an investor and I'm currently invested in Australian renewable energy companies to solve the energy crisis in the AU and eventually India.For that alone it was worth me buying in.
Bloom is projected to go interstellar.
I would suggest your order of investment beBloomOmega oneETPNEO/Powrfor maximum gains while not having *much* risk.
send this poor guy some bitcoins and your fortune will open.1D3g6hNL3BxAKXnbf2L5a1FaFKY3zL9kbiAlso i'll worship you til rest of my life.
Then you should know that, a the hype surrounding it and the garbage some cucks post in biz have greatly exaggerated almost every detail.
Unless I missed it, the team has yet to address a scam accusation brought upon them almost 2 months ago in AMA.
I live in Australia and for real no one here, one of the most populated cities, gives a flying fuck about the problem they're trying to solve.
Omega One public sale pushed to next year after they've finished development.
Like I said, I actually researched this coin, which largely means ignoring everything said about it on Biz, which is something you clearly aren't doing.The scam accusation has no merit.
Better for a company to ignore a baseless accusation rather than engage with a probable troll and look foolish.If you live in AU then you should know that Origin Energy is your countries largest energy provider and that power ledger has a partnership with them.
They have a working product that's being implemented in your country as you speak?
What's not to love?
Can you send me 0.5 BTC then?I get scammed by the chinks and need to recover my loss1B8331LPguy79LVFhofhXdYn4bVZpqEbkC
such an elaborate larping, you probably fooled some people.)
make a story without mentioning your shillcoins you want to pump) invest some time into replying people) finally mention the shitcoins you want to raise the value) retarded pajeets actually belieave an anonymous faggotwelp, good for you then.
also kys
So what do you think about Vechain?
WHAT.Your portfolio must have eaten shit off bad information a few times.
Not everyone is a larper.
I'll probably get some Vechain, waiting to hear more about it from some private groups before I go in.
Yes, so if the price is inflated due to people spreading false hype, why is now a good entry?
I don't listen to the majority of advice on biz, unless sources are provided in the case of shilling.It actually does have merit, I recommend you find the AMA and ironically it is the most upvoted question, left unanswered too.
I won't deny that they have a partnership, but if you think it's being implemented and ready for adoption soon, if they manage to get there, you're a bit ahead of yourself.
Well, show how insensitive you really are and pass a poorfag some btc will ya1LR3qcTcEQxA2WSHbk79ASGNZpF5Pq5XeX
you can give some btc to a charity, i need money too, my island was erased, Puerto Rico1Gvxu5QTPN5DzBDdeSLUiRRkf4Q8E98y3d
It doesn't have merit though.
There is no evidence or follow through from the accusation.
Most likely a troll.It'll most likely be the PBC pick, but I'm not even relying on that.
I think it'll see a 3x+ relatively soon, and in the meantime I'll tell women that I'm investing in radical and groundbreaking renewable energy technology in Australia (I'm America, but worldly, you know?)
ELTcoin is a 5x from here.
Also have another guaranteed 5-10x, email me and we'll work out payment.
Like $100 and I'll spill the beans on my hot shit:5896@protonmail.com
OP, look for new coins with master nodes.
ODN for example got a sick pump due to people wanting 10k coins to run a masternode, that generates passive income.
Masternode coins are attractive
4392485me toofor the Templars and why not36DtXvfndEnMYgw9xEDzJgXojA6mCbMicW
I suspect FTC going to achieve big gains in January.
It's sleeping giant.
Old and most secure.I have no money to invest, since I'm in courts for 2 months trying to get my money back from employer.
I have 0 of any crypto.
Would appreciate FTC:6hKfVYW3JgijYgyVM77nhEPaqk259btYt8
Bro i asked first, come on help a brother out.Ill take anything to be honest1PYAWPd5Eon11MXMe7WMRBWEk8RfJbLbsa
How much in taxes did you owe on that 400k?
Just buy enough neo for living off gas and the rest of your stack would be able to keep playing if you feel to.
Best answers are the simplest ones mate don't try to over think things
Not quite sure since my parents paid my taxes since I use their accountant, but I recall it was around 125k.
Would have been more (I actually cashed out around 430k) but he tax-loss harvested with some of my other assets.One thing you might find useful is that he said it was incorrect that you need to pay tax on every trade.
Just on what you cash out.
Rolling, thx OP
It's seems accountants say it isn't but traders say it is.
I wish the tax jews would just tell us already if crypto is like kind or not.
just go all in on REQ and thank me once you have $20 million.
Zencash is your way to the moon.Actually it is the best price to buy in.
But if you have a lot of BTC you could also manipulate the price fucking easily.This coin is always skyrocketing when someone is doing that.You slowly buy some Zen at around 0.003 then you make this piece of shit pump, it will hit 0.005 easily and you just have to sell everything on the way to 0.005
Take a look at modum and vechain.
Poorfag who could really use some help Eth: 0x734D3148bc55434d8dd9026166d91A53adD635e9
Are ICO still profitable?
Should I buy those ICO tokens?
What site did you use to trade?
Nothing is wrong with crypto, its an unregulated market and you're an early adopter, thats why its so fucking easy to make money.
this
Give groups
Nice LARP you fucking faggot.
If you are really rolling in it, please Help a brother out...19TxzvRWcaFecERk3jyGkxyw9qs91E1aTD
Yes there is.
If you're smart enough and you seem like you have enough money compared to other crypto whales.Just do what wallstreet and banks do in normal trading to manipulate the markets.
If you learn to do this you can basically make much much more money.And yes it shoul feel illegal as a lot of these tricks are not allowed to be used in stocks and shit but still legal to use in other markets.