I want to open a book store.
It's kind of my dream as lame as it sounds.
I've got a fair bit of money saved up so I don't really care about being profitable; I just want to make enough to break even every year.
I imagine it's a very tough industry with online booksellers and the such.
Anyone have any experience with this?
Thanks
no, but damn nice apartment you got
You better start selling guns and open up a shooting range out back.
Only way youll be able to pay the rent.
Here are your options> work at barnes & nobles> work at your county library
open a book storeGood luck faggot.
Think you're the next Bezos?You're a generation too late.
https://publica.io/
I want to be cucked by Amazonsound aspirations desu
I was here for the book club...
I don't want to be worth 97 billion dollars I just want have a comfy bookstore where people come to read and relax while making enough to eat ;_;
Fuck your mother if you want fuck
you could offer drinks and some snacks if you want people to stay at your store to read
Yeah I was thinking about having a little cafe area and making it really cozy so people can hang out.
Are you a good cook?
Know how to make good coffee?
It sounds like a cool place to hang out if you can do it right.
in which city you want to open your store?
Just approach a small independent bookstore and ask about them instead of asking a bunch of know nothing autists
4374248This it could work if you provide an atmosphère that can't be found in a a regular bookstore.This too.
it's a very good idea and i hope you will go ahead!>bet on online commerce too>make many many initiative like group reading book trading and stuff like these>focus on young that still follow parents (9-12 range)i really hope you will make it anon
cafe areacafe/smoking area... /lit/ guys smoke alot
I like colder rainy areas so I was thinking maybe portland or seattle.
Could be cool to have it in a midwestern city too not quite sure though.
I'm not the best cook, but I think I make pretty good coffee.
Maybe I'll take a class and get better.
Thanks anon!
I know someone who works at a really nice bookstore.
They stock only high quality literature, and a number of cheap thrillers and stuff for shoppers who are just passing by and only want some shit to read.They’re operating at a loss and only being kept alive because they’re tied to a small publisher that promotes its books via this store.Maybe they aren’t run that well, but they have lots of loyal customers, which I guess is the most important thing nowadays.
>ywn live in Black Books and be friends with Bernard, Manny and Fran
Serve marked up beer and have evening events.
Young ppl are desperate to not be lonely.
Put up chairs and tables so that your customers can buy/rent books and drink a coffee while being cozy reading said books.Since your customers will be staying in for a while, you can even make them pay in bitcoin and wait for the confirmations (except on chinese DDOS attack days anyway).Bookbucks or something
that sounds nice, I always wanted to do the same thing, just classical comfy books and wooden shelves and stuff
Book stores make money on events, meet-and-chat with authors and this kind of stuff.
You don't really make money on selling books.
Serve coffee and deserts for free, that way you can expect them to pay more with tips than you would get if you put up a price for the coffee&deserts.
accepting bitcoin That's a great idea thanksSo like renting out the space?
I was thinking of having contests for local writers and summer reading challenges for kids as ways to keep people's interest.
Try doing it in a small retirement community.
Old people don't use the internets.
it's popular in asia




43747054374740Some good inspiration thanks
This seems like I would just get camped out by homeless people
You're thinking of the wrong book stores, there's a market for faggots who like to go and feel the books and shit like there is for vinyl records and other such faggotry.
OP only needs to operate at a point of break even, the bigger stores and chains won't take this cucking and are closing down, the competition in the faggotry niche is getting weaker.Fuck just buy from amazon and sell at loss, make your money on the coffees or some other shit, in the right spot people who can't even read might frequent just to be retarded.
You can also target the fuckwits who forget to buy presents and need a last minute bailout.
Accept meme coins as payment to put a multiplier on your revenue.
Yeah agreed, the hipsters will love if there was a barista in their book store.
They serve coffee and beer at hipster barber places now days.
Why not open a book exchange and take a cut (each book exchange costs each participant $1) etc.Could set it up online, or create a space for people to come and hang out, buy coffee etc.
why open a physically one ?
?why not business/spare room from your bedroom.
buy inventory of books , make a good website with a good payment system magento etc..
That would just be pure work to me.
I'm not doing it for the money, but I would still like to break even.Hmm.
Maybe I could implement that as a feature.
So like renting out the space?
I was thinking of having contests for local writers and summer reading challenges for kids as ways to keep people's interest.Sounds really cool, would visit.
>Lots of people think they want to start a coffeeshop.
They likely don’t.
That’s like buying a minimum wage job for two hundred grand.
What they want is to be a customer and sit in a cafe, drink coffee, be nice to people, and possibly curate an art gallery.
(sauce http://thestartuptoolkit.com/blog/2011/10/the_coffeeshop_fallacy/)also this http://www.slate.com/articles/life/a_fine_whine/2005/12/bitter_brew.htmlThis is about coffee shops but it goes just as well for bookstores I'd guess.
Seattle and portland are full of hipster faggots and roasties who would be into it.
Those are good bets
Bookstores need to diversify, so offer coffee/cakes etc and internet access, so people can by from Amazon cheaper.Old books are good business, make sure you specialise.
thing about bookstores is you pretty much are a customer, traffic is slow, quiet environment, you can read in the quiet all day and be friendly when someone wants to buy something.
I agree coffee shops are hell to run, I would never want to run one, then again I don't drink coffee anyway.
bookstore seems nice though.
Also, offer an online price match that includes shipping.So if a book is $10 + $4 shipping, sell to the customer for $14.
They are in your shop with the book in hand, anyone would pay the price.
yes book shop must be the most reasonable investment in the 21st century
Dude....it will suck balls if you don't do a at least a normal profit from time to time.
If you don't have a genuine idea, e.g.
coupling it with a coffee shop and other comfy products it will suck balls.
Believe me, working without getting gains is a pain you don't want.
Of course you can make it with a book shop but the chances are very low to be honest.
You would need to be the fucking best , have a reputation and killing it overall just to break even.
Just don't....
A friend of mine opened a bookstore in one of the most centric, top touristic spots in Madrid.
He had to close after bleeding money for two years.
accepting bitcoinThe best way to not get paid.
Accept any other crypto (literally anything else) with faster confirmation times, or they will have enough time to cancel the transfer after drinking your coffe and walking out with your books under the arm.
I was at a bookstore the other day thats been around for decades and seems to be doing well.They were selling a lot of used books and were kind of an institution in their community.
I guess it would be tough to compete with amazon but not impossible if you have some kind of angle.