Very rarely do we see actual due diligence on /biz, and it’s certainly becoming less and less common for the last 2 years that I’ve been here for.
However, I want to share my research and get some reasonable feedback.
I’m not holding any SLR as my capital is best allocated elsewhere until closer to the PBC release (This Thursday the 16th).
After a fair bit of research, I'm almost certain that SolarCoin will be the next coin recommended by PBC.
To prove it, let's look at this line from PBC a few days back.“Next month, I’ll find myself back in Lisbon, Portugal, attending Web Summit 2.0.
I’ll be meeting up with a former energy derivatives trader who has partnered with one of MIT’s leading minds on a solar blockchain project.
I’m looking forward to reporting back to you on that project.”For what it’s worth, Teeka actually deleted that line about 10 minutes after his initial post.
Probably because he realized that the internet could do some detective work like I have and discover that this is SolarCoin.
Please see below for further evidence:
Evidence this coin is SolarCoin:1.
Teeka states he is meeting up with 'a former energy derivatives trader who has partnered with one of MIT’s leading minds on a solar blockchain project' when he attends Web Summit 2.0.
The person he is referring to is Nick Gogerty (https://www.linkedin.com/in/nickgogerty/), the co-founder of the SolarCoin foundation and the chief strategist for Lykke - another project Teeka is very keen on.2.
Teeka states that one of MIT's leading minds is working on this solar blockchain project.
This points directly to SolarCoin, which not only has staff from MIT, but is actually being backed by MIT itself.
You can read more about this here:* https://coinreport.net/conversation-francois-sonnet-co-founder-electricchain/* https://steemit.com/solarcoin/@pdclenton/mit-cryptocurrency-incentivising-solar-energy3.
Teeka has also recently stated that the coin chosen for November’s Palm Beach release is currently trading below $1.00 (SolarCoin is currently trading at 0.38).4.
Teeka also alludes to a law that, if passed, will greatly affect the success of the chosen coin.
Specifically referring to a bill proposed to be passed this year/next year.
I believe this is the law in question, proposed by Senator Rodriguez, which reclassifies solar-based energy as a non-public utility, allowing the free-market trading of Kw generated by residential solar panels.
This seems a nice buy in, I expect it to run up to 0.50 tonight and potentiall 0.75 by tomorrow.
Teeka has promised to stop giving away hints now - this could be the last coin recommendation of his that gets leaked.
"due diligence"How do yuo get that because hes going to meet with someone about a solar blockchain project, that he is now going to feature it in his November edition of palm beach?how do you know he wont do it December?Or next year?Especailly after you guys pumped solar to the stratosphere.It's CVC.
This is the shittiest attempt at a shill if I've ever seen one.
why the fuck are u posting this thread again.
u posted this shit last week faggot exact word for word and u said u made all this shit up.
it aint solar
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to be good backThe first ten posts to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc.Will check thread in the morning and send to the lucky winners
Where is the report?