IT WONT STOP GOING DOWN
muh flippeningWhat did you expect.
We need more smart people like you, Craig Grant, and Kiss Deano.
We've broken through 1200 support, this ship is sinking
>btc up 11 percent>bch down 11 percentThis is to be expected.
If you sell now you're retarded.
FUCK Bcash holderyou deserve every cent lost
Comfy as fuck, once BTC starts correcting we are pumping hard.
Bags ofCashHolders
RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
end me
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/WElj7vVA-BTC-vs-BCH-Is-there-a-Parity-Level-on-the-Charts/2nd highest rated analyst on trading view
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BCHUSD/ipVL5Wnh-BCHUSD-update/highest rated analyst on trading view
>People didn't believe me when I told them we were on the slow bleed phase of the usual BCH pump
Cause TA works well on a coin so dependant on a few people deciding to pump it.
I mean the growth was so natural.
I bought at $2200.
Why did you assholes say there was going to be a flippening?
Why didn't you retarded Jihan and Roger cock sucking niggers listen when we said don't buy Bcash.
Absolute shitcoin headed back to its rightful homefuck you Roger Ver.
Fuck you Jihan Wu
She called the coming pump, she called the support line after perfectly and I assume she will call the profit line of 3235 perfectly too.There's a reason she is #1 and it is because she makes correct calls.
But I'm sure you know best.
Just to note, your BTC would have to hit 18k to equal the profit coming for BCH.
You’re going to have to be patient until 11/16.
BTC used its CME backed power to get to the current state... but it’s seeing resistance at 7300.... hard to tell if it will break through But SX2 fork could be the day that the next pump comes for BCH ... if there is any day for a coordinated attack to occur, it’s then...
Just be patient
Bitcoin TRASH users on suicide watch!
I bought at $2200
Lol I just sold everything at a loss and jumped on altsThe justening jut never ends
Eeeh no not reallyIt's not expected for a coin to go from 3k to 1k in one secondCashier are something else
How come all the shitty altcoins have pretty animu gril memes but king BTC has no animu grils?
to keep weebs like you away, probably
wtf I love beecash now
N-NOOO /BIZ/ TOLD ME IT WOULD GO UP
Again??
Cmoooon hahaBut seriously if it broke 1200 is hitting 1000100% sureGet out
She?
The fuck are I talking about?
Nice explanation on Zerohedge.BTC is expensive and slow (like physical gold) but it's "trusted as an asset" and you can build a payment system on top of it.BCH is a good payment system, but there is no trusted asset supporting it.This is why BTC will live.
The Bitcoin Cash bagholders are talking about hashpower and chain-death... when the reality is big business only trusts Bitcoin.
4379796you need to take more ESL classes pajeet
they trust it because blockstream is their bitch
nd stage of grief: denial
BTC breaks $7200 today/night?
Asking for friend.
I should've sold this above .3 What the fuck was I thinking?
It already has a few times today?
You're not alone.
I bailed at .18
The entire purpose of altcoins is transfer money from idiots to smart people (those who are 100% in btc)
I don't see what all the fuss is about, BCH is holding steady and has a very strong floor right now.You didn't buy above $1600 did you anon?
just off the phone with my boy in china, he said yes
4379963Nice.
But the point is valid.If people are expecting big business and Russian gangsters to convert their Bitcoins to BCash, they're fucking deluded.They want $USDollars or Bitcoin.
They'll sell BTC for dollars or dollars for BTC, but they're not going to swap their BTC for a shitcoin they don't understand.This is what the Bitcoin Cash bagholders don't understand.
The BTC wealth is not going to transfer to Bitcoin cash.
there is no anime where were going chummer
She called the coming pump, she called the support line after perfectly and I assume she will call the profit line of 3235 perfectly too.Hot Hands Fallacy.
Enjoy your bags.