Link is shit.
Why trust these shills?
They're faggots.Ripple's XRP is the future.
Look at that slow uptick in anticipation of the Tokyo announcement.
Buy now.
You'll be sorry you didn't.
Moon!
I got a thousand XRP, probably will buy more I just hope I make it.
rLHzPsX6oXkzU2qL12kHCH8G8cnZv1rBJhGibs pls
How the fuck do I even buy XRP?
I unironically hold 100k.
I want to believe.
you will have over 20million next year
Kraken.com and send get verified and wire money or set up a coin base account and send BTC there.
or Binance.com
I TRIED KRAKEN AND THEY HAVENT VERIFIED ME EVEN THOUGH ITS BEEN ALMOST 30 HOURS.Fuck, Coinbase verified me in literal seconds FFS.
It takes a few days, are you talking about being verified as tier 3?I had to resubmit a few documents but they have helpful staff.
No, just tier 1 and tier 2.
It's weird because coinbase didn't need anything other than my ID to let me cash out ~$60K total worth of BTC yet Kraken seems to be taking a while to even grant me Tier 1 verification
Its a sunday night give them some time.
Where do you guys think ripple will be at 2020?
I'm hoping for a modest $10 at the very least.
I'm definitely going long on XRP.
I'm worried it won't go that high because of the high market cap.
I wont completely write that off though.
I can see ripple being mass adopted though but I don't see it going that high so soon.
I can see ripple being mass adoptedPrecisely it's appeal for me.
I'll even be optimistic enough to claim that is going to become precisely what bitcoin was ideally supposed to be.
It's the one coin I actually dont want to treat as a mere speculative plaything
>thinking that a centralized shitcoin with multibillion market cap will make them money
do tell what will then?
XRP has fucking nothing to do with LINK and vice versa
Some preICO coin.
Uh oh... /biz/ liking xrp without retarded remarks that haven't been parroted to oblivion emakes me worried about the feature of my investment.
i love xrp, i know it'll moon hard someday but it feels so much as a huge burden in a portfolio... such a pain in the ass seeing other coins moon and xrp remain consistently the same
XRPs placidity despite it's market cap is what makes it an attractive buy for now.
Yep.
I held btc and escaped into xrp for some stability while the tether scam is in play.
Redpill me on the Tokyo announcement pls
Lol I sold xrp at 33 centsIt was a good ride, but it's over.
Suckers gonna suck, I guess
I have 197,000 xrp.
I can't see it going much over a dollar.
Just remember stellar always profits from xrp doing stuff.Prepare to ride the stellar wave it'll be bigger than ripple
The fuck does link have to do with cripple?
Do you people even know what the shit you are shilling does?
I bought 10k pre swell conference, didn't sell fast enough because I didn't know how quick it dumps.
My bags were heavy as fuck, price is finally getting back to close to what I paid.
Word of advice, this pumps fast and hard, but not for long.
It takes monumental buy pressure to get it even close to $0.30 so unless you are buying for a very long hold be ready to dump if it gets to I'd say $0.28
True.
Sold a chunk of my xrp for xlm after the last little pump.
Stellar is 6 times cheaper and has half as many coins in circulation.
Moon could happen any day.
how do you hold ripple in cold storage?
Nano ledger
This.
At best we are looking at €1+ in Q4 2018