I've been trading crypto for a long time kiddies.
There are pumping trends in the top coins.
Get into NEM now if you want to double your money.
You watched DASH run up.
NEM will be next.
Look at the chart.
NEM is the japanese coin of choice.
They recently have their own babe shilling the coin on youtube also, just like DASH.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnsSiqyb0PuQkqT4v8Xjugw/videos
x2?that would put nem before neo, monero and dashumad bro?
Miss the run up then.
This is how I make a living.
The coins you are referencing are not coming off a long pullback.
NEM is.
Just watch and learn kiddie.
Dash run up was because of the koreans if you didn't catch on.
Literally Bithump was pumping all the listed coins, XEM wasen't on their
alright daddybut if you're wrongi'll find you
Who do you think pumped NEM the first time?
Who has been pumping Monacoin?The JAPANESE.
NEM is going to go on a run.
Watch.
Everything is primed.
x fuckall would put it before neo and monero
Its pumped because of the catapult news you retard.
You're going to get burned when it bleed.
in how many time?
I want to get in just before
NEO and MONERO are sitting on highs.
NEM is coming off a long pullback.
Gawd you kiddies have a lot to learn.
The japanese are going to pump their coin back up the charts.
It will happen within a weeks time.
Everything is set.
The japanese are going to pump NEM
NEO is the one
43585914358667Japanese Japanese JapaneseI am now fully convincedop is a bagholderhe bought highand shit is going down down down
I told you NEM will bleed, he is using DASH as an example when it was pumped for a reason, NEM won't.
Trust me, what reasons does it have to pump?
ulol
Most of you kiddies have not been in the space long enough to witness the first japanese run on NEM.
Everything is primed for the next run.
The japanese are going to take NEM past Ripple before it starts to pull back.
Just watch.
mfw I bought in at 800 sats before the massive runNEM really deserves to be in the 5th place on CMC, too bad the volume is fucking terrible.But on the plus side, due to the low volume it makes it the easiest high market cap coin to move despite having 1.7B marketcap.
already made over 200% gains in the last past weeks, NEM will bleed like the other altcoins E.G NEO, ARK etc... You're gonna miss out on those gains if you just invest into NEM.
Just saying, though up to you if you want to invest now, it will come down more
Nem is a fantastic project and currently undervalued as fuck.
You can expect it to rise to at least $1 within a year.Lots and lots of good news around it and trading volume is about to significantly increase in the coming months.
Japanese pump もな because its on bitflyer。Can confirm because japanese
48 billion supply.
Nope
what does supply matter?
percentage growth is percentage growth.
What matters is inflation.
All of NEM that will ever exist is now in circulation, that is very interesting.
All of NEM that will ever exist is now in circulation, that is very interesting.You sure about that?
PoS coins usually have set inflation levels.
(E.g.
XLM has 5% yearly.)
anyone can give me a quick rundown on this coin what it does?inb4>in contact with aliens>rotschilds bow to themetc