>every time i buy a coin the volume immediately dries up, all momentum upward ends, and it dumpsThis can't be coincidence at this point.
Please buy POWR, ETH and Link
I buy ETH and it immediately drops.
I buy bitcoin it takes a 40% header.
I don't buy a coin and it goes up 5x in a few days.
its notwake up neo
manage to lose money on NEO during the pump because I bought at .005
fellow qsp bagholder?
how heavy are your bags?
2200 reporting in
the game is rigged brah
Stop crossing the order book and stop buying _after_ shit has already pumped.
Just buy a coin you know will go up and hold it until it does pump.
Leave the trading to the trades.HODL means weeks not hours.
It is because when disrupt the bots.
When your activity doesn't match their strategy they sell and buy your coins cheaper.
That's what you get for chasing pump and dumps
hold coin for a month>it's now down 50%>I need 100% to get even>it pumps with volume>only up 20% from previous new low>starts to dump again>new low is 25% lower>buy bitcoin to hedge against this>it also drops 20%
That's because bitcoin raped us all constantly for the last few months.
Measure your gains in USD rather than Bitcoin and it becomes a lot easier to pick coins that are gonna rise.There's a fair few that are uncoupled from BTC as well, primarily XMR and ETH but you can still see $ gains on some others that are used for commerce if you pick the right time.Essentially you're right in your post but you're right because bitcoin fucked us all, not because the strategy against USD doesn't work.
i'm not here to accumulate USD, I'm accumulating bitcoinif your objective is USD then you wouldn't be buying shitcoins
 I'm up on USD.> You're down on both USD and BTC.Stay pajeet.
Literally not a reply
it's not.
for each trader a bot is assigned to do that.
Not much to say.
If you want to make against BTC then hopefully a better trader than me will chime in and say something useful, otherwise stop getting your coins choices from biz and chasing PnDs.
If you manage to turn any profit whatsoever from a biz recommended pump and dump then take it.
2% is pretty good if you can get in after you see it on biz.
Could you be my sell indicator?
you don't matter to me
You are obviously buying hyped coins that are near ATH.
Find something down in the dumps that no one is talking about.
hoddle doesn't work if that's what you are trying to do, to accumulate bitcoin you just keep obtaining more bitcoin>work shitcoin pumps and dumps for 1-5%, buy low sell high don't get greedy>short and long altcoin/btc pairs for 1-5%>whale proof of stake coins for a steady drip>get to sell all your free airdrops and forks for more btc as long as retards will keep paying you for them (why do people buy bitcoin gold?
)>gamble btc on bitmex at predictable moments like big news or black swans (hacking of tether ez dip) - https://www.bitmex.com/register/YgC8kJdue to the nature of the inverse swaps on bitmex, you have a lot more to gain by shorting bitcoin swaps than longing them.
deluded bitcoiners keep going around with the idea that alts are hedges but this derivative is the only true hedge against btcusd decline.if you're a shit trader you'll just end up losing it all and you have nobody but yourself to blame given all these free hints and the greatest machine for redistributing dumb money known to man at our fingertips.