Would you ever quit a job you liked because your coworkers and boss were being racist?
Not unless they were actively keeping me down due to my race
It's probably all in your head, darkie.
Though if it's true then I don't blame them.
document everything and sue for discrimination, easy
nigger
Tell us your story, anon.
faggotme and my coworkers (im white they are mexican and black) all say racist shit to each other.
As long as you redpill them after gaining their trust, it doesnt matter
4351584The absolute state of redditors
I’ve never liked a job so I can’t answer that question,Mr.Frog
This is such a Kike post.
ur a moron if u dont leave a paper trail in case everything goes south
I think he's attempting to bait out the core redditor shills that have infected this board
What part of my post was reddit?
4351592I'm white.
They're insulting my ethnicity and make jokes about whites in general.
Oh shit.
It shouldn't be too hard to shit talk back at all especially if they're niggers.
>talk to hrhr is a bunch of white people who do you think stands a chance?
then show them your white superiority you damn faggot
Lemme ask Elon Musk
also record that shit and collect evidences for an instant firing kem
Lol just point and laugh at them while saying "You're all niggers though!"
You should probably leave that workplace.
You just cant handle the bantspussy ass hwite boy
>caring what other think, say, and do.
never EVER gonna make it you weak cuck.what are you, a woman?
do you work at KFC or something?
kek.unless they are all Asian how do they even talk shit about white people?
I'm white (Australian) and my old coworkers were British and we were racist to each other all the time
be me>white guy>have 9/10 curvy black chick as best work friend>constantly banter each other>my office is always a mess and she comes in pretty often"anon, your office is a fucking mess!
What the fuck is wrong with you NIGGER">kind of stunned, never heard her say this>tell her I'm reporting her to HR for discriminating against me>"Oh yeah right anon?
YOU'RE going to HR??
Just watch me">storms out of office and finds nearest manager>follow her out kind of bewildered"I'd like to report Anon to HR, he called me the N-word and I've had enough">basically sputtering and tell her she's really going too far with this>Manager goes wide eyed, looks at me and says>"Guys, we're going to have a sit down, with HR ASAP with you two, this is unacceptable.
">both of them staring at me for 10 seconds completely serious>they burst out laughing
another one>Coworker says she is invited to black excellence summit within the company or some bullshit>tell her it's racist I wasn't invited>she says she doesn't even want to go anyway>I gasp and ask her why she doesn't have her brothers' and sisters' backs>she gets pretty serious and tells me to fuck off>asks me if I'd even want to go>"no thanks, I wouldn't wanna be surrounded"Our entire friendship is based off of being NSFW as possible
No.
I would work there and collect proofs of them being racist.
So i can blackmail them if they want to kick me out.
Dead end job because employer doesn't look at your results, only your skinWhy would you suggest he STAY in a job?
Sure don't be a bitch about it because it's the employers money, but suggesting he stick around in a job that'll take him nowhere?Is this the state of /biz/?
Wagecucks with no ambition?
I feelWorst part is they say it’s not racism because “only whites can be racist”How fucking convenient.Leave, they’ll still be there in 20 y
jobstopped reading there wagecuck scum
get the fuck out you normie scum
seriously kill yourself
I want to quit, because I am the racist, and I don't want to hide my power level all day.
No reddit we thought it was some kike or nigger bitching about something that wasn't really happening.
Report it to higher ups, document it, and sue their asses off.
Call them subhumans and say if there culture wasn't so dogshit, they wouldn't have to migrate to white countries.
You tell those niggers you're welcome for steam power and high society.
lol at you weak White boys, so fragile.
*their
the implication of having a job in the first place
you're so fucking gay
D
 legit Irish living in hip hip hoppity hop kangaroo land> convict colleagues make Irish jokes all the time> laugh them off> have folder on everybody ready to go when my drinking becomes a problem
U r a phagggot
What are you considering "Racist"stating facts is not racist.
lol you're a fucking fag dude
Nice facebook my man, upvoted
Why are Whites so weak
4352642and you havent fucked her yet?
If I found such a workplace I would be a happier person, nigger.
No.
I love being racist as fuck too.
Grew up making fun of all types of people.
You gotta throw it back bro.
The only reason we shit talk irish, scots and poms is because you lads can handle the bants.
No way.
I'm not ruining my reputation by associating with them.
Because you're too weak, the slightest bit of racism would destroy your fragile White ego
I am 50% owner and fairly racist.
But I dont have a problem with hiring minorities.
But the other 50% owner is also racist and refuses to hire them.