I got an interview coming up for a retirement analyst position.
What is a good tie pattern/color to wear for this?
Something that says I am responsible and can be trusted with looking over billions?>thinking about pic related
Fuck off, Trump
If you're asking this, you don't belong in that position.
(You)
Navy blue suit, ligt blue tie, brown shoes and belt.
So I got a navy suit, was thinking the red will be too much, so I was leaning towards a blue tie.
Probably dark blue, but not light blue.
Definitely brown shoes and belt.
Probably like the tie I posted, but blue.
4316925shutup you suckup nerd it doesn't matterbut also>brown shoes
shutup you suckup nerd it doesn't matterwhy so salty?
A suit to match the companies colours, supposedly ties' colours dictate your personality so get one that matches your suit and personality.
Red agressiveblue passive calm collectedgreen ez gains etc
Red and blue ties work.Wear a tie bar as well.Brown shoes also work well with blue./BOFA credit analyst.
Absolutely not pic related.Red is the color of comand and it's annoying for the other, so you have to wear it only if you are the boss and you want to remark it
Wear a tie bar as well.Yep doing that.
What about shirt colors?
What do you think about a purple tie?
wear a red, white-dotted bowtie
Always wear a white shirt for the first impression.Do what ever you want when you get hired.
Certain purple ties go well with your blue suit and white shirt - it's actually one of my favorite combos that I wear.I know you might already know this, but ONLY button the top button of your jacket.Un-button it when you sit down, button it when you stand up.
Always wear a white shirt for the first impression.Really?
Light blue or lavender not good?I was thinking of this tie with the light blue shirt.
Yes.
White shirts are neutral and clean cut.
Any tie goes with it and any suit goes with it - you basically can't lose and won't be judged.Interviewing is like 50% judging.
Call it prejudice, but It's the fastest and most efficient way for them.The reason I say don't wear blue is because it's super super common.
It's the shirt noobs wear that they purchase from Costco or Sears and don't iron before putting on.
Maybe I'm bias, but I've always disliked them.That shirt you have pictured is a nice.Did you buy that jacket yet?
It's not baggy I hope.How old are you by the way?
That shirt you have pictured is a nice.>Did you buy that jacket yet?
It's not baggy I hope.>How old are you by the way?Yes.
I have that shirt, tie and jacket.
Not baggy.
It's actually navy, though looks darker in this pic.
I'm 32, but can pass for 25.
Cool man, good luck.Remember enthusiasm is half the interview.
Thanks.
Yeah I am definitely enthusiastic.
I am just hoping I come across like a team member.
I have everything else down.
You think that tie/shirt combo works?
Not too flashy?