They had an AMA today that didn't reach the front page of reddit.
things seemed so promising a month ago, but now it looks like nothing.
should I dump it?
any thoughts?
x just go cancelled, wait
wait for what though?
there are no catalysts coming in the near future.new website - no pumpproduct release - no pumpdevcon conference - no pumpreddit AMA - no pumpthey already revealed that the only partnership they have is with stimergy, so what else are we waiting for besides the opening of their app store in december?
it's extremely disheartening that their AMA did not even get a place on the front page of the crypto sub-reddits.
those fucking nerds LOVE legit projects like this, it seems their marketing attempts amount to anti-marketing given that the crypto nerds are willfully ignoring them or something
j

It's because their CM is a fucking retard.I would be him I would have already posted the announcement on /r/cryptocurrency 10 hours in advance and I would have bought 200 or 300 upvotes to keep it all day on their reddit, shit this dumbfuck didn't even share it and it's one of the guy on their community who posted it there 1 hour before it began, otherwise there would not have been a SINGLE topic.Look at this fucking low energy nu-male.It's giving me fucking anger issue
wow literally everything is mooning off the charts except this piece of shit on what was supposed to be their big day.
fuck i'm tempted to dump 7 BTC worth of this shit out of spite
man, i hear you.
i'm having tantrums as well.
iexec has both the most competent tech team and the most incompetent marketing team in the whole cryptoscene.
if only they fired the numales and arabs who are supposed to work as marketers and hired even a barely decent marketing team RLC would have AT LEAST as high a marketcap as golem.
it fucking angers me that despite already having a working product that is already competitive in the mainstream cloud computing market from a technical viewpoint, it still has a volume as low as memecoins and it's not getting attention from the developer community at all because of those pieces of shit of the marketing community.
FUCK THEM REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I bought some, lets go mofos
i urge anyone to go to their slack ( iexec-team.slack.com ) and urge the marketing team to get their shit together, if we're enough we can push the tech team to get some serious marketer instead of the autists they have now