Remember this scam?
Kek didn't they pose in front of a McDonald's too?
REMINDER
Isn't that illegal?
They need a class action lawsuit filed on them IMO
It should be
glad I got out in the middle of the pump today
Man that shit had me in stitches.
These little island chinks think they can take our money...disgusting
4255657It's honestly hilarious that you fags get scammed so easily.
>muh partnership>what does this coin even do?
it's really sad how they're using social media to taunt investors.
i've lost a lot of respect for the devs for their guerilla style marketing and news recycling.
they keep on capitalizing on priced in information.
they don't have a working product, they're nothing but a white paper and a lot of we will do this and that and partnership and bla bla bla.
implying all of crypto isn't a scam that runs purely on hypeLong on OMG fags
deeper partnership discussion
remember this jam?
Have fun with your LINK vaporware bags.
kek
Same Faggots pulled the BCH scam, the link scam, the Ark scam, etc.. Lol.
Faggots.
used by Swift, BNP Paribas, AXA, Sony, Santander, Barclays, ...>"vaporware"
How is link vaporware?No way.
Redpillme.
They got fuck all to show after 4 years and never share any news.
Fuck them.
I got my 5x.
Remember the skateboard hype and Jun tweeting Apple emojis?
Folks got super scammed
used by Swift, BNP Paribas, AXA, Sony, Santander, Barclays, ...>"fuck all to show"
he fell for the use case maymay Enjoy your permabags
making things up
I hate these manlet cunts.
google it
can some one post the partnership confirmed memei didnt save it
Yeah and didn't they confirm a partnership with the ceo of mcdonalds Thailand himself?The level of omg fudders...
None of them use chainlink.
Show me evidence that they do.
You literally cannot.Try again pathetic ass favela monkey shill
So anon, answer me, are you running a node and receiving transaction fees from companies such as Sony or axa for using your node?
Is any node on the chainlink network being used by these companies?
Any at all...
google it you dumb fuck

4256688
OMG will be obsoleted so fast by better, more flexible and more varied use smart contract technology.2018 february you will all have lost all hope, OMG having gotten REQD hard.
Never forget that YCombinator is extremely aggressive.
Unless someone actually steals omise customers then it doesn't matter So you are a clueless faggot pajeet Okay got it
If you guys were in on nuls rn you'd be a lot less aggressive
thanks anon
Keep up the FUD I want to buy lower.In all seriousness, once staking goes live with cosmos we will get a mini moon, then when plasma is released we will get the big pump we are after with sustained prices as staking rewards will be delicious.
Patience people.
ETH didn't go to $300 straight away.
Look at the charts.
These guys remind me of the MLM scammers who rent exotic cars to peddle their pyramid scheme to morons.
OMG holders are going to get the biggest ass beating of their life in the coming months.I initially invested because it had a big, real company behind it, so it was a no brainer.However, it became so painfully obvious that the team was deliberately hyping up investors with tweets.
It won't crash super hard, but it also won't be the next big thing like many expect.