Who here was up last night watching the absolute BCH buttfuckenning of the century?
Ya'll BCH faggots thought you where going interstellar after that 2k break out happened, then shit hit the fan faster than Pajeet's spicy Curry.
Remember folks, what goes up must come down - big man fall hard!>muh ddos attack!>muh hackers!>it was a globalist conspiracy by the corecucks!>muh!These are the sounds of a brainwashed cultist who can't reason and won't listen to reason as he walks down his own demise.
when she sees my dick
not the end yet
for a solid hour I actually thought the flippening is real after seeing those 1000 btc buy orders in bittrex pumping the price all the way from 0.24 to 0.4
2017>not begin a girlare you gay or something
That was simply the opening barrage my friend.
not liking a cute girls feminine penisWhat are you a faggot?
begin a girlWhat did he mean by this?
This always happens with any very rapid crypto-rise.
You're always going to have pull backs, even if the momentum is upward.
I expect you'll see more pushes in the next 24-72 hours
it didnt overtake btc in one day so btc wins :^)this is how stupid you sound.
Bend that knee.
lol it was going parabolic with zero sign of slowing.
wojacks were flying and desperation and capitulation of BTC holders had set in.
Until suddenly every exchange trading BCH froze or went offline at the same moment.
I wonder (((who))) was behind that one
that was so unbelievably fucked up, even Kraken was shitting its pants
There is no (((Who))) this was simply a result of too many traders overloading the servers the same thing happened to Ripple not once but three maybe four different times.
What happens with the difficulty increase?
Tbf 24 hours ago I was hoping this shit hited 1000.
Look where we are now.
It was beautiful to watch the dump from 0.42 all the way to 0.22It was so bad Brittrex's BTC-BCH market fucking crashed
 Makes fun of asians using asian comic> Larps about his coin losing 30% its value> Taunts people with 30% average higher IQ> Big pictureI don't see BTC rising while Chinamen are sleeping.
BTC has not stopped falling for the last 6 Hours, desperate BTCMarines are really hilarious.
Trump handed BTC to the chinesse faggots, wake up and dump that shitcoin.
The priced crashed BECAUSE the markets crashed not the other way around.Theres talk of alot of koreans/chink filing lawsuits again bithumb.
If that's the case is there somewhere they can trade?
Isn't it not only destroying confidence in cyrptos but also exchanges if they aren't able to handle the volume and face law suits?
Bithumb came back up about two hours after it went down
after the price plummeted 50% in the space of 10 minutes due to it crashing.
i have no idea but my guess is they spread there stacks around different exchanges so this is less likely to happen again.
Will they face law suits?
Because that was my main point, exchanges having to be able to handle volume without error or face law suits.
Thus losing trust in not only cryptos but also the exchanges that trade them.
They were a heavy majority of the volume (~70%) for trades.
If they couldn't bring it back up after that then it was gonna happen anyways
up literally 100 billion percent>butt fuckeningwait until next week faggot.
We haven't even had Xapo, Bitpay and Coinbase announcements yet
Thanks a lot /biz/ I can help pay for my grandpa's funeral costs.
Auntie stole 40k from his accounts.
and Coinbase announcementsWe've already known what's happening.
Coinbase is adding in BCH on Jan 1st of 2018