>mfw we really were /early adopters/
Early majority for sure.
nope.early adopters.
give me some fucking bitcoini've lost EVERYTHING thanks to this bitcoin run
deluded.
This is the mania phase
t. old man
Silly boomer.
I guess if you were around in 2011... Good on you if so.
that's the stealth phase.
learn 2 phases, cuck.
Bought ETH at $3 because of biz.
Thank you, all those years shitposting finally paid off retroactively.
Except me.
Got in early September and I've been fucking terrible at this.
Picked all the wrong coins and HODL'D past my greatest opportunities.
Now it's just been going sideways for a month.I literally would've made more if I just put everything in bitcoin and fucking waited.
Oh hey you too?
This is very similar to my chart except I started in may.
don't blame yourself too hard, though, the market has been a bitch these past few months
4468783Buy ETH now.
Literally on the verge of a break out towards -eventually- 1200 USD.
Ignore all the pajeet coins and make time to even just watch 1 talk by Vitalik.
This guy is the next Gates or Jobs.
It's a solid investment with an incredible roadmap and the biggest team of dev's of the whole cryptosphere.
Smarter than the rest of them we get the best of them (x3)
It's not a breakout, it's a slow ass climb over months or years, literal snail pace.
tfw my chart is getting to that pointIm scared senpai
Do you really honestly short bitcoin?
Seriously???
Guys, my mom asked me if I know about this thing called "Bitcoin" after she saw fucking ads online and videos on Youtube with people that earned $100k, $300k etc.We're in the biggest bubble of the history if my mom too talks about cryptocurrencies and she's interested in investing even few thousands bucks.
It's a zero sum game, you're either on the side making money or on the side providing the money.
If you're not sure whether to go with a coin, ask yourself "Did I put in the effort to deserve these gains, or am I being used here?"
Sure mate.
Lets talk in a week or so.
WE ARE THE EARLY ADOPTERS
But that is the thing.
You can't predict a moon.
You can bet on your best guess, some are lucky others not so much.
You don't have to wait for moons.
I got royally fucked by chinese fud in september, and since then tripled my portfolio with relatively low risk investments, only rode the XRP moon last week but except for that it was a +3% here +5% there and nothing spectacular
It's very possible that your seeing ads based on your search history.
Cache, cookies, previously opened tabs.etc if your using Gmail or any Google software.
Double if your using Facebook.It's mainstream when you see it on TV, mtv, and the daily news as the regular.
All of my coins are on the eth market at least.
you have no idea.
if you think this is mania, you'll probably die from shitting yourself for the next 3 years
Where were you when NEETs took over the world?Personal picks: ADA and WAN.