this graph looks so goodhttps://www.tradingview.com/chart/ARKBTC/D8zzQWS2-Ark-at-major-support/
How much nigger do I need to be to devour this white chicken mcnugget?
Virus
i clicked it...something is happening to my compuetaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Its not a virus .-.
but here's the graph anyway
holy shit that does look goodwhy did i not buy
What is the easiest way for me to own Arc?
I have an EtherDelta smart contract and a Coinbase account.
I own btc eth and some erc 20 tokens.
EVERYTHINGS MOONING TONIGHT, I CAN FEEL THE FOMO IN MY VIENS
deposit bitcoin on bittrex and buy https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-ARK
Can I trust Bittrex with my ID and identity information?
They are basically forcing me to do an enhanced verification procedure.
18K ARK since april checking in /compfie/ tbqfhf
White women are superior.
Could have posted that instead of the girl.
lolIt looks like it could hit 300k sats before another long period of consolidation.
Yes.But that being said, I never actually needed to do that myself to buy Ark on bittrex.
if it hits 300k I will creme
I have 18k too.
I bought much later than April though.
aaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MY LIIIINNNKKKFUUUUUUCCCCKK THAT WAS MY LIFE SAVINNNGGGGSSSS
Sell LINK, but ARK.
I OWN BOTH AAAAAAAAA
4260628DONT BUY ARK ON BITTREXYou can only withdraw 0.025 BTC worth of coins a day unless you want to give them all your identification.Fuck those faggots
Debating on selling verge and putting it to ark.
Any ideas?
Credit bureaus can't keep your information secure.
You'll be fine.
Boning a girl for the last month on the daily that looks just like this
do it, verge is quite shit imo, used to hold it, glad i sold it off for some NEO, then put the remained into ARK
What exchange should I use then?
Bittrex is the only one I've bought on.
It's now going to take me 2 weeks to withdraw all my ark, paying 0.1 ark for each transaction
I've been able to withdraw 3 bitcoin a day without identification.
Literally the only other exchange with ARK is binance, but I use bittrex just fine.
Can't say that without sharing pics.
How do you withdraw more than 0.025BTC?This is the message I get trying to withdraw
Click the details and send another screenshot.
They may have changed their policy since last time I checked.
Binance had ARK (not as high volume as Bittrex though) and allows 2 BTC daily withdrawl with no verification.