The cluster fuck we just bared witness to was a bit of an embarrassment for both BTC and BCH.It's a bit like two fat chicks throwing feces at one another, with the victor of the feces fight somehow acting as though they can stand there with pride in their shit covered victory.At the end of the day, it shows the manipulation which can occur on any bitcoin chain and will likely rattle the foundation of institutional support BTC has garnered over the past months.
It also stands as a testament (whether true or imagined) to the general skepticism around bitcoins viability as a stable, reliable currency and value store.Now that being said, Ethereum stands unshitted on.
It has utility beyond value store.
And, when people shift to the tech, rather than strictly the monetary value, of blockchain, today will only bode well for ETH.
Replace bitcoin with crypto in general and I’d agree.
You’re an idiot if you think this was only possible with bitcoin
Nobody gives a fuck about the tech.
95% of the people holding crypto are in it to make money.
Proof of stake eliminates, or offers the opportunity to eliminate, this issue.
i will argue on behalf of any coin that comes out with a value proposition that isn't goddamn "digital gold" or "bitcoin 2.0."
technologies that deliver a service and have value, have value.
a good number also appear to be unscathed.
Problem is ICOs keep dumping their eth above $300.
Eth is so undervalued but it is eternally held down due to one of its utilities.
It's good for us, gives us time to buy as much as we can.
This, ETH is a baby.
Fat open source faggots can never agree, ETH will have forks too eventually if it stays popular.Also this.
ETH is just a branch on the bitcoin tree.30bn market cap>practically 0% of the 30bn comes from actual usage (like all cryptos)>undervaluedlol Sometimes I wonder why it's so easy to make money in crypto, then I rememeber it's full of retards like this guy
That's why I hold sia and monero.
There'll always be a use case as long as drugs and dodgy porn exists
shorting eth for fun and profit