I have a decent sum of money ($10k+) to invest in crypto.
I don't have the time to learn everything as I want to invest asap.
Willing to pay one of you fags to give me non shill quality advice on what coins, what exchanges, what wallets etc.
all-in bitcoin cash, 10x up if the stars align
Link
If you just want the most quick and dirty investment just go to coinbase and invest 50/50 in bitcoin and ethereum.
Coinbase gives you a safe wallet.
Use GDAX for your initial (coinbases exchange) because their web page price rips you out the ass.
Based on your post I doubt you want to deal in altcurrency as it is much more complicated to buy/sell and store.
If anyone is serious to help get me setup with private wallets and exchanges and shit, shoot me an email at mlanderly@gmail.com
I would be interested in putting a few thousand into alt coins and playing around.
Don't know the best platforms for that though
Binance if you wanna get in on newer coins and recent ICO'sUse 2-factor authenticationAs for coins:Short term ( month):NEOLRCBTCBCH (careful with this one, it moves quick, not recommended till you know some basic Technical analysis)Mid Term (1-2 months):ETHKMDARKWTCSALTBTCLonger Term ( months):LINK (lot of shills but you will FOMO when it takes off someday)NEOIOTA (Normies fucking love this coin even though it's buggy af)XRPXMROMGXVGWAVESVTCBTCETHDo not invest in all of these, just find a few you like in the time category you're looking for and dump a grand or 2.
A few rules:1.
Do not ever be caught without at least SOME $BTC along with your alts unless you are a very experienced trader and looking to scalp or something.
When BTC moons alts get massacred and this gives you opportunity to buy amazing dips2.
Never ever buy at ATH, doesn't matter what info you have.
Every coin that moons has at least a few downticks on its way up, you can buy these if you like to gamble.
Otherwise, if you see a coin mooning that you didn't get in on early, accept that you have to sit it out and find an opportunity elsewhere.
Only really significant losses I've ever had were buying into fresh highs, it is literally roulette.3.
Only hold 3-5 positions at a time.
You can actually monitor all of them vs holding 20 coins and having to monitor 20 different orderbooks.
Also the more coins, the less significant the gains, often not even worth the effort to cashout.4.Everyone posting has an agenda of some sort, be wary of what you buy into on the information of others5.Buy low, sell high :^)
Do you think binance is the best?
I've heard that they have some shady things going on.
Poloniex or bittrex any better?
Polo is definition of shadyBittrex is interesting>Regulated, so can't jew you out of funds or anything>Regulated, so can't list coins quickly or certain coins that don't meet murican regs, also who knows what data they might be coerced into passing along to gubmint for tax collection purposesBinance is the up and comer, you can also pay reduced fees by using their BNB token, very economical compared to bittrex if you trade frequently.
They are also very quick to list new coins and pairs, when BCH was getting tons of attention last week they had BCH trading pairs up within a day or so.
Odds are if you want to get in on or sell a recent ICO, Binance will be the first big boy exchange to list it.and damn is the advanced UI sexy for charting and scanning orderbooks once you know what you're looking at
Do you want to get robbed because this is how you get robbed..
HST.Will start trading on kucoin in 7 hours.Real life usage, Australian team, government as client.This is a sleeping giant.