*quietly moons*
Flippening and overtaking is golem soon.
Watch bros
Delete this at once
CHECK THE ORDERBOOKS6 BTC WALL MOVING UP, this is your last chance :)
This is one going back up to where it was at in June here really soon.
I feel mighty good for investing in this earlier today, while everybody just disregarded me mentioning it.
As usually, disregard low price, fomo in at higher price.
you are lucky this coin finally has a whale
it was obvious from the moment it suddenly quadrupled in volume around 1pm without yet pumping on the green altcoin recovery day and not having pumped EVER.
that's the very textbook definition of organic growth.
no dump, no pump, steady growth after the release of the first version of the working product and just a couple of weeks before the launch of the first decentralized app store in the history of the blockchain industry
its one fucking guy trying to push the price up not organic at all, but who cares, maybe we have a chance now
that's why I was so confident to throw in 1 whole BTC.
no regrets here, even though I didn't quite catch the bottom it already paid off and will even more in the coming days.this project is just as solid as it can get, hands down.
also the team consists of highly educated, determined people who work on future technology which is not yet really appreciated because they don't advertise with skateboard stickers.
they deliver ahead of their fucking roadmap.
they got more attention at devcon3 and everybody who is smart invests NOW before this 50m marketcap thingie explodes, which is inevitable.
those RLC tokens will make nice christmas presents in december.you can't even really fud this if you don't want to sound stupid.
it is just impossible.
What exchange has them?
bittrex, liqui, hitbtc and upbit.
they're in talk with both binance too, so they might get added there too
*quietly keeps mooning*
I just sold, thanks for the cheese, catch ya's later.
that 5 bitcoin sell wall tho, please explain D:
I love and believe in RLC, but this isn't mooning yet.
"Mooning" in crypto is > 75% in 24-48 hours
tfw almost sold this 2 days ago.
Sup anon, it's other anon that said I was envious of your 74-76 buy in point, removed my sell order today.
Can't wait for fomo to kick in.
Now or never.
Go get 'em chief!
sell at 9k and buy back in later this is going nowhere
Just buy 9188 if you wanna buy, some whale has outright bought the last 2 or 3 walls so I suspect that one will be disappearing once we hit it.
Just a guess thougj
volume is still going up.
whale is trying his best to accumulate as slowly as possible.
due to the lack of FOMO and understanding the awesomeness of the project it doesn't moon harder.
but the gains will be steady, which is more favorable anyway.
Rlc has to be the most undervalued in all of crypto at the moment.
Like seriously only a 50 mill cm and barely in top 100 for a future multi billion dollar company?
God damnit this is the steal of a lifetime.
Tis project should be at 300mil, now minimum
This, golem has 200 mil without a working product lmfao
.8btc sell wall right now>there's only 5btc in the first three pagesNobody is selling this shit, jeez
multi billion dollar companyNice try pajeet.
just sold my 20k RLC
This and REQ are going to go hand in hand to the moon next year I think.
They just aren't hyped because people are too busy fellating themselves over 'the next ethereum' meme vaporware coins.
Over the last couple weeks rlc has definitely gained a lot of traction and will only continue to do so.
I wouldn't be all that surprised if all golem holders sold off their bags and switched over to iexec
Is that you 9170?
can't wait you to realize what a mistake youre making.
This is etherium at 10 dollars.>Same circulating volume as eth>under 100 mil hard cap cents a pieceI don't even need to talk about the project to get the message across that you should get your shit together.
See you later when you finally FOMO in at 20 bucks next year.
I bought 800 tokens at 7600 am I gonna make it?
At this rate, absolutely.>I only bought 800 eth at one dollar, am I going to make it?
Bump
Just bought a bunch, it's above the cloud boys.
Can see this hitting around 12000 sats again soon.
With this BTC pump or new Tether shit going on it's down to 8.5K now, pretty juicy buy in.
Been talking to these guys at Devcon, they are inundated with companies asking if they can partner and deploy on iExec, I am not shitting you.
Here, iExec team just posted this: https://www.instagram.com/p/BbRu0DbD3gD/I've been in for 6 months over 50k, my target is over $150 per around 2022-2023.
You'd have to be insane not to own this.
p.s.
watch out for daily whale games on iexec low volume.
Anything under $1 is pure gold so don't stress.
HODL a couple years and retire.
fuck your shitty buy wall, i want to reenter
I hope you're right.
I was thinking of snatching up that 50k sell order.
150 per rlc is a bit of a stretch wouldn’t u think?
That would value iexec at 13 billion.
Convince me why
All shitcoins biusiness cards.
this.
iexec is the shit coin.
selling now
Because it's working project by then will be on par or exceeding etherium
Isn't this token run on the ethereum network though?
Glad to see other people starting to notice RLC.