Why aren't you using the fork to accumulate the next billion-dollar coin?Est.
delivery: Q1 2018:>We deploy the first version of KyberNetwork on the mainnet.
We start off with supporting trades and proxy payments between any tokens to and from Ether.>The tokens that we support will be the popular tokens that have high demand and high trading volumes in the market.>We will also partner with wallet providers like MyEtherWallet, Status, Jaxx and others to implement the core features of KyberNetwork.
Since most users stay with their favourite wallet, bringing our features to the wallets is the best way to increase the adoption of KyberNetwork.https://kyber.network/assets/KyberNetworkWhitepaper.pdf
I don't want to read 19 pages, shill me your coin fag.
The end goal is to have your whatever wallet you choose and be able to exchange it for whatever coin you choose.
Right now, you have to keep your coin either on an exchange or on a wallet, eliminating having to put it on an exchange is safer, more liquid, cheaper and quicker.
Holding KNC lowers fees on the network, which is an incentive to hold KNC.The project is one of the two coins which Buterin is an advisor of, which means Vitalik trusts the developers enough to put his name on the project.Need to here more?
vitalikHeh, another erc20 shitcoin
Not putting my money in this commie coin
Looks cool
An amzaingly ambitious must buy for a long long fucking long term hodl.
Basically if you want high risk lambo land returns that make ant shares look like a 2 bit ladyboy pick kyber.
But its a hugely ambitious never been done before goal and there will be fuckups that delay it.Basically trade shit coins if your ballsy then buy into this with profits.
Or just buy this coin, some OMG and you're set mate.
Wanna tell what the ATH marketcap for the only other "shitcoin" that had Vitalik as an advisor?
Kyber is one the coins I'm most excited about in the future, this one could really be huge.
every coin is huge says everyone ever...geeze
It's gonna be a flop like ZRX is... No one uses the exchanges...
Yeah this...I mean there's no point until major exchanges start getting locked down...but then they will just move to some third world shithole and operate out of there anyways.
Just don't keep your money on an exchange.
what is instant liquidityNo exchange can offer this
kyber is poo poo pee pee
Kyber Crystal Network