Why are people so desperate for other people to buy LINK?
If its such a fucking great meme, why dont you keep it secret and just invest yourself, why do you need to tell everyone on /biz/ to buy/
> already all-in
I'm holding since the ICO and haven't made a single post.
You can't come to "troll central" and think that any of this is supposed to make sense.Then again, you're probably trolling too.I don't know why I'm even writing this.
>rent free
I don't.
I want them to stay poor.
Because the only way for people that have bought in to make money is for someone else to buy their tokens for a higher price.
LINK is vaporware right now with a shitty hype man.
The name of the game is making more money while other people lose money, dumbo.
is this a chick or a really pretty boy?
My advice move all Link into XLM and RLC or even RCN thank me later.
I want to be right and say I told you so in a few years.
I have a small dick and making a shit ton of money after Chainlink launches is my only way to score pussy and excellent cocaine.
chick, Kira Rausch
well my friend, the truth is LINK is literally the last shot to make millions off of just like $10k investment.
stop being stupid n short sighted.
we have a real winner here.
we can DO this.
just buy LINK, put it in your MEW, and forget about it for a awhile.
wake up a gazillionaire.
don't you WANT this?
Guys, just met some Swift people at a financial event.
I asked them about chainlink and they said to me the POC was successful and they are waiting the board to validate an offer which will be proposed to the 11000 banks.
They couldn't give me a timing but few months it will happen...
Cos not everyone is a selfish jerk off you pleb.
Honestly, as a non-holder... Chainlink looks like the best idea in crypto right now.The issue is it might take months.
And its only available on low-tier exchanges.In crypto - people want gains -now-.
If true, I will send you the model babe of your choice post-moon launch.
I honestly can't give less fucks if you buy Chainlink or not.
All arguments have been made over the last weeks.
If you still don't own at least a tiny portion of LINK for no other reason than being a dimwit, then I have no hope for you anyway.
It literally only takes an IQ of ~90 to comprehend the magnitude of this token and its possibility to go x100 in 1-2 years, especially when compared to all of the other shittokens in the top100.
You guys will just fill up the ranks of peopl who "sold bitcoin at 10$ and ETH at 1$ because you fell to memes".
link is 5x-coin, but in 1q 2018.just forget about link for 4-5 months..
just 5x?
lol.
Way more than 5x.
We are fucking lucky to load up on this coin right now at the current prices.
big if true
Just bought 100k more.
this is what i dont get, theres is no way only /biz/ know about this TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE.
there's a link subreddit but the truth is, this coin is just too complicated for most people to understand
I know it feels that way, but that's not an actual argument.
Anons are always posting stuff like "LINK will never moon because that would mean I'd make it" and stuff like that.
But put these emotions aside and look at pic related.
Anons made it with ETH (FUDded to death back in February and March as a Russian scam and worthless because inflationary) and ANS/NEO (I still have the wojacks to prove it) This really could be the one.MAINSTREAMSMARTCONTRACTS
LINK it all together>connect the dots
thisyou can understand easily what they want to do, but good luck figuring out how the nodes gonna work, priorty system, rewards/penalties/ aggregation etc if you are a brainletLink ain't for brainlets
the missing LINK
The same might be said for why did so many people talk shit about Link - does this mean link is good?
43795724379538Just to be clear, does LINK's success depend on solving the NP-Completeness problem that has plagued computer science for the past some odd decades?
I don't know just buy it you dimwit
Serious question: what is the dev team doing with the $32 million they managed to raise with their initial coin scam?
serious request: kys
why the kneejerk response, m8?
heavy bags?face it, it's all thin air, hence the radio silence.
at least the OMG team was decent enough to hype the shit out of their useless token, so early investors made a nice profit before the scam started collapsing.
chainlink team is more like: we got your money, now fuck off.
i honestly believe in a couple of months time their smartcontract website will suddenly go offline, and you'll never hear of them again.
can't wait what kind of excuses LINK bagholders will come up with.
"the NDAs just got more strict!!"
or something like that, lmao.
Double dubs cannot lie

be honest niggeryou're trying to convince yourself and seek validation that being a dirty nolinker is the right choice.You're totally right man, I hope you never buy any.
Thats why you buy it now, and once the real hype train hits next year, youll have accumulated 500k link and youll be rich
i made a very sweet profit by selling this at 10k sats leading up to SIBOS, because i'm not a delusional moron that expects big news coming out of closed off banking event.
especially when the devs are tight-lipped dipshits who probably think marketing is BAD, or something.
i saw the potential, bought into the presale, noticed the huge red flags leading up to sibos, sold during the peak of the hype like every smart person.
link is a part of the losers of 2017 ico club.
they all suck, they all stole your money.
link will go to 0 sats.
0 sats no bid on ed.
sell it cause sergey did.
when devs make a coin and say they dont care about price.
they are fucked scumbags who robbed you and dumped their coins.
fuck fatty mc thieverstein and his scmabag link.
there will be a new crop of devs who loudly and clearly say they DO care about the price of their coin.
those are the devs to back.
not fatboy dirtbag who doesnt give a fuck cause the heist was two months ago
So how many linkies do I need to lambo
They are paired with swift why would they do that they'd never be able to push another project again
great, congratulation, you're the best and now can leave, noone needs you, just don't fomo at $1, pls stay away
They are paired with swifthas never been confirmedso fucking salty....$1, lmao...you probably don't even realize that even if LINK does a x5 right fucking now, the sat price would barely top the sibos peak.
I am salty?HAHAHAyou're the one emotionally attached and you know it, that's why you just won't move on but keep lurking LINK threads, deep down you know you'll miss out but yet have no balls nor the brain to do anything about it.
LINK is a fucking joke so many other great coins out there
Like what?
Yeah really.
Please tell me more about these fantastic coins that mKe Link look like total dog shot.
You're a dumb cunt.
There's literally videos on YouTube of Sergey talking about working with Swift
yea with most of them being "do it all" type of shi trying to be another ethereuminto the trash it all goes
/biz/ made me buy ETH at $10 so now I'm just giving back to the community by telling everyone to buy LINK
I wonder if this is the same person that posted that pink haired girl in every ANS thread...
calling me emotionally attached, the irony....i'm not the one tightly clinging onto bags that keep getting heavier.
we both know I won't be missing out, binance is a low volume cuck exchange that rapes coins even when there's good news about them.
i'm just trying to make you delusional fucks try to see the cold hard truth here, because you keep shitting up this board with your retarded shit.
There's literally videos on YouTube of Sergey talking about working with Swiftnope
you sound very convinceable
Bought 1.100 LINK at ATH.
Hold my hand anons it's rough out here.
how did you know
I'm pretty certain you're trolling, either that or you're genuinely fucking retarded but I'm posting the link for the NEETs who are probably falling for your FUDinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs0gbn3BMPg
You part of TAO?
Shitcoin otherwise people would be buying at these "discount" prices.
people are buying, otherwise it would be falling more.
genius
.7mil in last 24hrs recorded
true if big
I just knew
true big if
tig if brue