You thought ICO is over?
You faggots fell for the "ICO are over" meme?
Hahahahaha.
You fuckin pleb.https://fitvitalik.ioThank me later.
Get him doing squats firstThen other bodyweight exercisesThese things he can do wherever and whenever so fit in well with his schedule.Then you go with diet plans to fuel HIIT circuits and couch to 5k with stretching and yoga before and after.At this point he will be functioning optimally both physically and therefore mentally which will benefit ETH's development.
After that he will be ready for expanding into picking up very heavy things for the glamour muscles, maybe getting him to compete in meme's like body builder contests or crossfit games for a giggle.
Get him doing squats first>Then other bodyweight exercises>These things he can do wherever and whenever so fit in well with his schedule.????????????????
?He needs to eat a lot first, like an actual lot
thinking about going alll in...this is gonna be huge!
(but probably not as huge as post bulk vitalik)
mentallyYou're saying he won't be tweeting full blown autismo pedo shit?
No, he will still be autistic but he will state his argument with more clarity to reduce it's impact.
I don't think vitalik will like squats, jump rope and climbing/pulling seems more his style
Squats are the best thing ever.
It's an exercise that you will very quickly feel the gains even though its bodyweight and easy to do.
Within a week, after the muscle pain reduces, every time you get out of a seat or walk up a stairs you will feel much fitter.
Psychologically that's what will get someone that has never exercised before to keep it up.
squats are amazing.
if your body aches for days after its because you're malnourished.
any sniff on whats happening here?
news or pnd?
This is /fit broscience.
>Squats are the best thing ever.
It's an exercise that you will very quickly feel the gains even though its bodyweight and easy to do.
Within a week, after the muscle pain reduces, every time you get out of a seat or walk up a stairs you will feel much fitter.Those are noob gains.
In other words your flabby ass was so out of shape even minimal exercise improved things.
Continuing means rapidly diminishing returns.
And when those returns diminish, guess what?
Flabby McFatass goes back to doing what he was doing before (nothing).And a larger ass / thighs if you did it right.
Dunno what the benefit of that is, maybe LINKies know.>Psychologically that's what will get someone that has never exercised before to keep it up.Nah, I've been around way too many amateurs in my life.
99.99% of them wash out.
The Psychology is the problem and no amount of exercise is going to change someone's brain.
larger ass / thighs.
Dunno what the benefit of that isdespite the fact that there are numerous other benefits to strength training with compound movements, having a large ass and thighs because of large muscles is widely considered as a positive by both men and women.
So even if you're a faggot (protip: you are), it behooves you to get squatting.He kneads GOMAD
LOL we need to get mark rippetoe to train him, that would be like a /biz/ /fit/ fusion.
given his current weight, i think 1000 kcals per day would be enough to get him into bulk mode
Hey yall, how much adderall do you think Vitalik takes daily?I'm guessing he has been in 60mg IR for years now.
tnx OPThis is actually really good