i remember a lot of people were denying china ban right until it happened, but i sold everyting that timebut this time it is different because safe haven itself is the source of fud - you just can't sell you btc and alts for tetherso lets say in case tether bubble bursts or btc is due for major correction before eoy i don't want to withdraw to fiat - what are the best alts to hedge against btc to retain usd value?my 1st choice is monero but i don't want to keep all eggs in one basket, so i'm looking for alternativespls don't post memes like link and other pajeet-shit-tier coins
What if someone sends a bunch of toxic gas into the vent and puts a gigantic rock on top of the hatch so you can't get out?
I don't think this bunker was very well thought out.
I'm 60% monero 40% bch right now, eth is probably safe too
My contingency plan is to always stay in BTC from now on, no matter what.
Just like last night.
every time I even think of fucking with shitcoins I get burned and lose BTC.
Shitcoins are just a scam to steal your BTC.
"Muh coin function" is a scammers go to.
Kindly, I have attached an "Escape Plan" diagram you can use as well.
Eth >safe Pick one and only one.
Alts are gonna fall with BTC, even BCH will fall as we observed earlier today.I just sold 50% of my BCH for fiat about an hour ago.
Alts are gonna fall with BTCinitially yes but some alts are gonna fall in both bct and usd, and some alts are going to rise in btc value
iota monero bch
if you don't want to go all in on monero, why not ether?
it's the second biggest name after bitcoin, yet considered an alternative to it unlike bitcoin cash, bitcoing gold and bitcoin sperm.
ONLY ARDOR!!!
Nobody will get our and wait for the crash cause nobody wants to pay taxes.
I'm 70% in neo cause I think this will be least affected by BTC crash
fuck living in that thing I'd rather get burned up by the comet
how would a run on tether crash the market
No more tether pumps to prop up market?
crash!
ETH & POWR for me
Yeah it is a weird bunker.
Too expensive to be just a storm shelter, but too small and ill equipped for just about any scenario.
Yeah it is a weird bunkernot a bunkerit's a Royal Observer Corps monitoring post
my safe coin is ethbet atmlol
Monitoring what?
It doesn't even have the computer or communication systems to do that properly.
monitoring what?gay bunker sex