BCH is not going to pull it off.
FLIPPENING 2.0 will fail.Smart money already moving into XMR.
1500 next year.
What's so FUCKING good about Monero????
how can monero appreciate that much if there no cap of how much they produce
You will be selling your XMR for BCH when it hits 0.3.
Screencap this.
I am hoping BCH pulls it off in the short/mid term, then move my profits into XMR for longer termthoughts?
Screencap this
Yeah because users having to download a 32gb and growing blockchain to make a transaction is really gonna catch on right?Only thing this coin is good for is ppl who like cp and drugs
4505063Yeah, I got on the train at first, then had to dl the whole block chain and was like 'fuck this'
this is why i invested
4505793Stay plebsYou can run a remote node so you don't have to download the blockchain>https://moneroworld.com/#nodes
durr
>Slightly better BTC is be what takes the throneNo.
Normies don't give a flying fuck about privacy.
Whatever become the next big coin needs to change shit up a lot in the crypto space
run a remote nodeYou don't run it, you just connect to it
Smart money already moving into XMRIf what it takes to move BCH from 1200 to 1400 was put into XMR, XMR would spike by over 50%.This is one of the most brainlet threads of the day.XMR and ETH will likely eat at BCH after flippening though in the long term.
Yeah, and everyone knows there's no money in drugs
It's up from $95 to $150 in two weeks.
That's 63% you brainlet.
Tomato - tomatoe
At this r8 it will match eth by mid 2018, if not sooner.
Boy, in the end all the money will flow into DigiByte!
You will be selling your XMR for BCH when it hits 0.3.
Screencap this.when monero hits 0.3?
sure, i'll reinvest some profits into shitcoins
Trouble is Monero payments have been traced.
VERGE is the only truly anonymous crypto.
Trouble is Monero payments have been traced.
VERGE is the only truly anonymous crypto.trouble is pajeet left his designated shitting street and now shitposting on this board instead
After a series of bad trades I went all in on Monero.
It's been nothing but a stable climb since then.
Feels good.
a coin with little to no dev support is the better product Please sell me all of your xmr
This...
I always fomoed on shit coins and went crawling back to Monero... recouped most of my losses and finally in positive... any dollar I put into crypto starts with XMR moving forward
I'm not invested in Monero but that's exactly how BTC was 4 years ago.For Monero proponents - why shouldI buy?
Aside from privacy what does it offer that I can't find elsewhere?
I can see it being a top coin but not market leader desu./
Privacy is the value add.
4506436One of the big sells for me is that it seems to be a popular coin for dark net markets.
And it seems very stable.
I just wanted out of BTC after the news on Tether because I'm afraid bitfinex could get taken down at any time.
If people fled BTC I think XMR would be one of the safe havens they would run to.
Smart moneyPic related looks like the smuggest fucking bullet magnet out there.
private >by virtue of above, truly fungible >dynamic scalability with block reward penalties for large-block spamming.>ASIC resistant (not perfectly but makes it very hard to develop an ASIC for it... what this means is it’s more resistant to centralization).>great developer community and open source which means you’re not participating in a scam... this is regular people looking for the best solutionsThere are other reasons... you need to research before you put money into this.