10k bagholder here.
When is this shit finally moving?
Who really thinks the rebranding will do something?
Im in this for long term
look at this:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliott_wave_principleNow look at DNT, CAT, ODN, etc.Cut your losses m8
muh elliot waveskys
"TA.."Let me stop you right there before you pollute this thread with astrology and homeopathy as well, you dimwit.
Good to see another ODN whale here.
Struck it big with ODN (bought @ 7k sats sold at 18k) then lost everything and then some on LINK.
Finally cut my losses and have been mostly in btc ever since.
I was looking at the ODN chart and it definitely looks like it's forming a cup.
With the app coming out soon I'm pretty optimistic.
What about you lads?
Very likely: 1.5x/2xLikely: 2x/3xPlausible: 5xHard mode: 10x/15x
Post ODN memes!
ODN masternode worth it?
LINK will come through, it was clearly always a long term hold and fucking freaks on here just bought out of FOMO and now its a memejust like neo became, wtc when it dipped for weeks then flew to the fucking moon
I'm going with 2x/3x by eoy.
10k bagholder here.
When is this shit finally moving?
Who really thinks the rebranding will do something?Get ODN on this guy's newsletter and see it moon hard
keep in mind ODN market cap is tiny as fuck.
any moon is gonna be high powered cuz of this
Rebranding worked for Digibyte, r-right g-g-guys?
Yes!
Not sure applying TA to a market that is based almost entirely on hype, price manipulation, blatant scams and bullshit will give you the most accurate results anon.
Not saying it’s not useful, but don’t depend on it, not in the crypto market anyway.
kys
It worked for NEO.
Yeah I'm with you.
The project is huge but right now I hope LINK stays below 30-40 cents for at least 6 months, so I can make back the btc I lost and rebuy my stack.
I keep that 1k in there for the off chance that it actually moons.
Might actually kms if LINK moons without me holding any
Group pumping NOW!https://discord.gg/5WnGph
Im just a shrimp compared to you, what price did you buy into odn?
Bought most of it ICO then 2 masternodes at ath
I got most of my masternodes at ICO, though two were bought at ATH.
I'm in this project for the long-term; I believe in what the team is attempting to achieve.
People deserve privacy and freedom.
Saying you don't need the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is like saying you don't need the right of freedom of speech because you have nothing to say.
This dude is just impersonating me, I posted in the other thread and he stole my screenshot and is now pretending to be me.
Fuck you.
Here is a fresh screen shot.
Would be nice.
That's my guess too.
Still, a bigger moon is possible with the right ingredients.
Mostly because of what  says.
Going x10 means ODN is still at a measly 60m marketcap, ranked among some absolute shitcoins.
Just like Confido!
This curry faggot only works with bittrex.
So get ODN on there first.
Sup ma gays
fucking greed man, could've sold ATH but fell for the hodl meme, now i'm left with heavy bags and i'm really hoping i'll get to see ATH again
It's always a good choice to have exit strategies.
If shit moons, you're gonna profit anyway.
Who cares that you sold 1/3rd of your stack at 75% of the ath instead of ath?
You made a huge profit anyway.
Sure, if you HODL and it goes an additional x2 you'll be happy, but playing safe is often the best choice.
I learned it the hard way too.
Saw ODN hit 18k, didn't sell.
Saw it hit 20k, still didn't sell.
At 21k I was considering it but didn't.
Luckily I sold on the way down but that was a lot more stress than needed.
For what it's worth, I really think ODN will rise again.
I just hope it breaks past the $1.00 barrier this time.
It bounced off so fucking hard last time.
the ODN team isn't a bunch of amateurs right out of college.
robin williams yourself.
This, fell for the 10k master node meme
Well, the problem with ODN as well as other projects like EVX, Chainlink etc was their ICOs&hype in a very bad market situation.
Everybody just wants a quick profit with all the endless drama/hardforks/FUD/BTC rallies.
Initially they did well but the slightest negative sign just dumped all of them to the ground because nobody really believed in anything.Could be that when alt season begins again (hopefully) the trends will be reversed on all those coins.
It is basically not really the coins fault yet for underperforming that hard.
Otherwise shit gets dumped much harder.
One day we ODN boys will rise up and all shall bow to our huge balls for holding on to this rollercoaster