Hey guys,I'm a EU resident (France).I plan to build a product (digital) with a friend of mine.We're planning to bootstrap it in 3months.
If we execute it good enough we're pretty sure we're going to generate $60k/month for at least 6 month.We appreciate a cheap country where we dont need to spend a lot to live as we will bootstrap our company: Also, we're single guys so the place needs to have a decent social life.Where should we go to build this product, and get a fiscal residency so we end up paying as little tax as possible and still be 100% legal.Keep in mind we dont mind moving and living in that said country.Also, will I get taxed twice once I move the capital back to France (should I?
)./Biz/ tell me the optimal strategy, I know you have it.
Estonia and e-residency it offers
Seems a bit pricey to bootstrap there, but yeah I know they're making tons of efforts to start businesses there.
Check the Canary Islands, Gran Canaria in particular.
Lots of european businesses go there to save a ton on taxes.Also cheap, and good weather all year.And safe, not like eastern countries
You literally have to leave EU to start a buisness that wont be raped.
U.S. is still great and Russia aint bad either.
Somalia, heard you don't have to pay taxes at all there.
In europe?
HmmUk if you don't lice there can bring a 5% tax on your businessJersey have 0 income tax on individuals and close to 0 for businessesGibraltar has a remittance based taxation for aliensAndorra have 5% income tax topMalta has remittance based on income (remittance means if you receive the cash outside of the country you pay nothing)I remember reading about Scottish lp tax loophole which could make you pay 0% incorporate tax
Oh of course forgot about bulgaria
Also, will I get taxed twice once I move the capital back to France (should I?
).You can go anywhere inside of the EU or Switzerland (maybe .li too) without having to pay income tax again.If you want cheap corporation tax, set up in Ireland.
You'll get destroyed on personal tax though.
(unless you "reside" in another country for no less than one third of the year (varies by country), I suggest Luxembourg)
Slovakia is great, if you got your income handledSImilar to rural FranceAlso, social life is what you make it, you can bang 10 chicks on rotation in little village.
No need for shitstained and smogged cities with no nature and traffic jams.
OK interesting.Im only worried that all those places might be boring to live for a couple years.Also, one of our main partner would be a romanian company, so it might make sense to investigate Romania as well, seems quite low taxes.
% income tax, for business effective 14%, or just bank dividends from capital gains 6%.
Czech Rep has 15% rateEstonia is nice as well.Or just do Irish / dutch sandwich like Apple
Ireland?
Low tax for tech comapanies and also good social life.
If you get a good enough accountant you can pay very little tax pretty much anywhere.
You think the government of France really gives a shit about your pittance amount of money
The cheapest one with the lowest taxes is Bulgaria, but Romania might be nicer to you language-wise.
maybe estonia is what you are looking for
C'est quoi comme projet pour faire 60 000 $ par mois ?
Tu as rien a faire en France si tu as ce potentiel là, déja
Estonia is cool, but taxes aren't that low when you move there.There's a 20% dividend tax if you just apply for e-citizenship and create a company there, but then you pay local income taxes on top of that.Also you might need to return to Estonia every now and then for some documentation (it's not perfect yet) and lawyers now about the huge interest in the country so they're pretty expensive.t.
has companies in Bulgaria and Estonia
It's software, won't go into details though.Bah j'aime la France mais bon c'est trop complexe le système la bas.
Bulgaria.
10% flat tax.
Hot chicks.
Yes you are right but that is the current situation in europe atm.
Small places try to attract big businesses by keeping good business environment.
They are boring though.
Most livable of my suggestions is Bulgaria (sunny beach) and Malta.Right now there are no insanely good alternatives to what I listed.
I saw other recommend Luxembourg and Liechtenstein and both famous for tax deals but it's still over 10% there.
La France d'ici 30 ans sera un ramassis de migrants qui ont 85 se Qi.. tu fais bien de te casser.. car toutes les impots que tu vas payer iront directement pour financer leur aides sociales.
(Dont ils sont incapable de se passer )Singapoure peut être ?
Tu pourra baiser des chattes étroites d'asiats
Already lived in Singapore, it's nice but I don't want to move to Asia (at least for now).