>there are people who actually thought the cancellation of the fork would sink BTC
implying normies keep up with the news like we didThis is going to be on bignewschannelsAnd normies are gonna realize they wont get their free money from the segwitAnd you will truly get fuckedjust give it timeIt's like the news on china, I saw that crash from the horizon.kys
normies dont even know what a fucking fork is you fucking idiot.
btc will continue to rise & shine.
no doubt about it.
See you in a week bitcoinfag in the 5500 to 6500 range
bull trap...
>there are people who actually think btc woudn't go down like it does every time at the end of a cyclefucking newcoiners should look at daily chart from time to time
4256985Nah.
There is a 50/50 chance.
It will either inspire big confidence in the true king and make him rise even further, since he will appear invincible.Or people are somewhat dumping the shit because they hoped for free money.
But I doubt the overall impact will be big.
BTC will probably remain stable around 7500$ and nothing special will happen for a while and alts may gain back their losses.
There is simply no reason why BTC would crash.
No real FUD, no important countries "banning" BTC.
It will be bull season all over.
India is having talks about banning crypto.
This cycle have repeated itself a lot of time.60% up, 40% down, 60% up, 40% down.60% of 7500 is 3000, the last bottom.All indicates next is the 4500 bottom.Sure, this time it will be different.
But personally, i'm in fiat for the next two weeks.
repeated itself a lot of time.Nice try pajeetToday's activity was due to unprecedented events
I hope you put your money where your mouth is and stays in BTC during the probable dip.Looking forward to your pink wojaks, friend.
No one
Normies didn't even know they would get free money nor they know what a fork isRelax
we're currently in the steepest downtrend since china banned exchanges.The long term feasibility of a 1mb bitcoin is non-existent high fees and slow transactions do not improve the store of value proposition of bitcoinprobably going to put all my btc into bch and xrp
Is there even a INR exchange with relevant volume?
just make sure to use the loo, not the street, pajeet.
Please stop being culturally insensitive.Indians have feelings too, just like humans.