Who else is just watching from the sidelines?
I honestly don't even understand whats going on anymore.
I'm just sitting here all in ETH hoping that BTC can touch the lower 5000's just one more time.
This BCH shit has lost me like 2 days ago.
we cant we all get along
This.
I hate money skelly but ETH is the comfiest hold right now
Because theres money at stake here.Big money.
Huge sunk costs into hardware investments and such.
Cashed out 30kturned the rest into 200 ethso fucking comfy
p̰͙̝̙͓̞ͧ͊̈́͘ͅư̹̗͇̙̑ͦ̑̔ͯ͒̾ṡ̶̖̔͑ͮ͆̈s͉̫͖͕͐͑͠ÿ̛̯͓̥́̒!̸̺̦͔͓̙͖̣̻͊́͘͡ ̤̩̥͈̪͎͙ͬ́͢͡<̴̬̝̙͖͖̹͍̟̋ͫ͋ͣ̉́3̢̭̿͆ͭ̋̎͂̐ͅ ͖̆ͦͯͪ͗̉̽͋͢͞͞<̝̝̳̜̺̹̝͓͌ͯͪͯ̏̀͡͞3̩̯̥̝͖̤̬͛̈͆͆͑͜͜ ̴͓͍̌̊̉̐̕<̵̡̛͚̻͍̻̂̊ͯ͆͌̐3̣̱̬̟̹ͪͣͤ̓ͅ
GOD BLESS ETH AND HIS SAFE HARBOR.
Market is overbought faggot, play where the market is going to be, not where its at
/50 XMR/DASHCan't look at this.
Plus DASH goes usually up when BTC crashes.
Sitting here comfortably making a fortune off of NULS while the buttcoin faggots shit their pants.
WE ARE THE FIATMARINES!
4344467I am just watching and holding all my gains from early this year in ETH.
As next year starts up I'll start investing again and take it from there.
Yeah, Id of probably sold everthing when it hit 60 bucks, but if i went all in @60 and stayed in id be driving a lambo, living in a 500k home, and most importantly getting laid.
% stocks here.
Sleep very comfy at night knowing my money will always be there and will keep growing indefinitely.
It really sucks to be a slave to crypto.
You constantly have to monitor the screen, as in the long run, most crypto will give you a -99% return
THIS!
got the hell out before the shit storm started, lmao @ the retards on this board that bought into either, I still got my money!
as in the long run, most crypto will give you a -99% returnYou're such a fucking cuck.
You obviously haven't held more than a few hundred bucks for more than 3 months.t.
made 6000% returns on my money this year
Oh yeah, because the stock market's never, ever crashed.
How much money do I need to make to have a woman like that?
Bout $40, the price of your average weebshit jrpg shitfest
We are the USD marines.
I don't invest in anything, I'm literally only here for the pink wojaks.
this.