What am I supposed to do when normies talk about crypto at work?It's physically painful to listen to how wrong and naive they are about everything, but I also don't want to bring attention to myself or look like a know-it-all.
I'm talking about the kind of normies that don't even know what an ICO is, and think litecoin is going to be the next bitcoin because it's cheaper on Coinbase.
The worst part is that they probably have more money in crypto than I do too since they're all rich Chads :(
You figure out how to make it before them anon.
It’s the only way.
expose yourself as a crypto genius, and then persuade them to invest into some shitcoin because theyre Chads who ruin Virgin lives like yours
If I were you I'd have the hugest smirk underneath my seemingly oblivious appearance knowing that those fools are going to be paying for your fortune in the future.
say nothing.
don't give away your power levels
I've been waiting for this thread.What the fuck is an ICO?Man I just trade on numbers; I don't give a fuck about news articles and rumours etc you just gotta be on the alert and good at pattern recognition.I've been doing crypto for 3 days, I've made 340 trades and I started with 2k.I now have 32k.
Stop worrying about fucking biz.Since I've been in Biz, I've learnt one thing.Everyone talking about mooning, pumps, dumps, they're almost always this guy called pajeet and he's a fucking shill.Only information that is good in this board is the discussion on the technology and businesses behind the currencies.
You keep following rumours and you will remain poor.
ThisBonus points if you drop bags on their heads
4479635they're holding btc and ltc and im holding shitcoins like link, req, and odn.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEthey're just making free money from my hard earned gains from the past year and a half this has been my usual policy, but it's becoming a regular thingpost trades or gtfo larp
Crypto is now Normie Town Online-poker.
1600% gains in 3 daysshare your secrets or larping
You're the normie OP
4 days later  WTF where did my 32k go I was high-risk daytrading and bet on a shitcoin that lost.
How can I sue Bitcoin for this?
change the subjecttry faking a seizure
Hi Normie Pajeet here.
Where can I buy some heavy bags I've been reading so much about?
I also don't want to bring attention to myself and look like an idiot because I'm as clueless as they are but like to pretend otherwise because I post funny frog pictures on the business board of a vietnamese hand puppet enthusiast forum ftfy
dont give ur opinion unless they ask for it.
try not to be Condescending"Only information that is good in this board is the discussion on the technology and businesses behind the currencies"Wrong arguably the main benefit is hearing about obscure coins before they get traction.
Its always in some thread no one gives a shit about.
good ideahttps://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=LINK_BTCprojecting
But I'm right, aren't I.
Likely not.
NO DAD!
and think litecoin is going to be the next bitcoin because it's cheaper on Coinbase.Ohhhh I hope that's what they really think and makes them buy, my dik getting hard
Where the fuck do you work that this is happening?
Are you in finance?
The only talk I ever hear about crypto is essentially that it's a joke.
People will say things like "do they accept BiTcOiN?
ahuehuehue"
You keep all your crypto knowledge and wait for a girl to love you for your personality.
then tell her youre a fucking /biz/tard
bro, buy some litecoin.
when it catches up to bitcion im quittingecommerce software companyone time i offered to pay a coworker back for lunch in bitcoin and he laughed at me and called it a ponzi scheme.
bitcoin was $900.6 months later hes talking to one of his normie buddies about how he should have bought bitcoin, and he's thinkign about dropping $20k on it.
if he went through with that trade, hes bordering "made it" status, all because he FOMOed with his life savings into something he didnt understand
did this, I send her pics of my blockfolio when im doing good.
lost some money now im scared to update her.
this is what im afraid of im good with my gf thinking im poor
Play dumb.
When my friends are uneducated about stuff I'm knowledgeable about I act interested and want them to explain things to me.
And since I know my shit I can ask the questions that point out contradictions and make them realize they must be wrong about something.
Then I'll "research" a little with them and come with a little info that might bring them to the right direction.
Your Chad coworkers could be very powerful allies if you manage to make them listen to you.
Also a great way to make friends.
Yaknow...
I'd really like this market to last long, but it just reeks of bubble.
Dropping $20k on something not even understood solely for profit just adds that nice dumpster-fire stench to it.
I dont know how they could benefit me, but I do like the idea of baiting them and catching them out on their shittaking out a loan of $20k on something not understood solely for profithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1HzU_gHSDI&t=1s
I mean your coworkers sound dumb enough that they'd give you their private key if you asked them.
They probably don't even have a wallet on their PC.
Offer them to set up a wallet, say it'll take a little while.
Probably gonna get bored and leave the room, take the private key, then explain them how save private wallets are compared to exchanges and then just wait till you feel like you wanna fuck off to Fiji for good or something.
Also kek at the video.
Makes me actually believe I know what I'm doing.
what a fucking moron
I've seen bizzers talk about chastising others by calling cryptocurrencies gay and to never talk to them about ponzie scheme again.Personally I can't do it.
I go half way.
I tell them I know a little about "the bitcoin" but don't hold any but it fascinates me.
Nobody gives a shit other than the value going up.
I try to direct them to legit sites but they don't listen to me, go to full blown scam sites from the UK that ask for all their banking details and proceed to get robbed for 100k.
Luckily for these dumb Australians, their banks stepped in for them to block the transfers.
why be buttmad about it?
just shoot the shit with them casually, don't be a pretentious asshole, if they're deadset on an idea just go with it, "oh ya?
sounds cool ill look into that" sort of thing.Also give them bad advice like if you heard Confido was a scam, tell them to buy Confido cheap and that it's going to rebound huge for an easy 10x gains or something.
Their loss is your gain.
Fucking lol
you are the expert, and they will listen to you if it involves their money.fud bitcoin then they will panic and ask you to help them
dont give trading advice unless youre an insider.you can manipulate a person easily enough by fud or shill
Share my pain.
I also been constantly bombarded with shitty loud talk parroting from reddit.Last week one of the day did a victory dance in office because 'his bitcoin went up 1000$'.
"Shitty NEO went up 15$ FUCK THAT PIECE OF SHIT LAST TIME I CHECK BIT COIN ITS UP 200$ AGAIN"