Fuck it.
I'm done with crypto.
Have the last of it.address: 0xB7605ddc0327406A7aC225B9dE87865E22aC5927private key: 049bb603adbd99a8a00aeef83d2ceacc3f2958cd927f7295188ae43cbeb09df9
CryptoReaperyou are not finished
This is a clever scam op.
HOLY SHIT IT'S REAL
just need a little gas money to get this shit going ;)
lol you dumb nigger ill steal that pot of gold for ya
>send eth to try transfer tokens that cant be moved>i promise my bots wont steal every bit of eth sent over
lol does this just buy bits of MNE with whatever ETH somebody sends to it?
thanks OP ;)
https://etherscan.io/address/0xB7605ddc0327406A7aC225B9dE87865E22aC5927#comments
Can a bro anon risk taking this and spare a small portion to the rest of us?
Love that people are still falling for this hours later...
nice try
Guys i loaded in .05 ETH but i can't send the tokens to my wallet
please be b8
man lucky you got in.you need to load more though
lol srsly tho look through the etherscan on this wallet and see how much this dude has made from retards.
This is pajeet farming
Wait so this is a bot?
I'll have to send some gas in first.
Then it's all mine :).
How does this scam work?
smartcontract
this is a wallet address not a smart contract address..... a wallet address cant automatically send out money without a bot
The owner of the address:Start here:https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2237480.0Then to here: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1819566.msg18791700#msg18791700(He posted under the name Smoky) His Twitter: https://twitter.com/smoky12382835Follow that account to his summary page: His Bitcointalk forum signature links to Micromoney.ioHowever, if you hover of the pleeddit link it redirects you to: antondziatkovskii (his plebbit udername)If you google that, you get his instagram, his real twitter account, etc.
If you google the address in question, you'll see it is linked with numerous ETH thefts over the past couple of years.The guy is a thief and hacker.
I exposed him for free.
You autists can do the rest.
I saw this happen before with the Youtuber but are minereum tokens locked too?
So many people are falling for this, holy shit lmaoYOU'RE BEING SCAMMED, when you send eth it automatically sends it to another address.
Look at the etherscan link in this thread.
I dont hate the guy, i just want to know how he does it.
Its pretty smart actually.
He's a known hacker.
He STEALS, not from this particular trick.
But others have posted about their ETH being hacked sent to this address
Coming soon to biz: lots of copycats of this scam
HE WUZ A GOOD BOY, HE DINDU NUFFIN
old trick desu
this is whos stealing ur money
Dude we bizbros should do this to normies in facebook.
Can someone explain to me how this fucking works.
I saw a variant of this before, the dude loaded his wallet with non-transferrable tokens that are locked until a specific time frame.
I got some XMR..
here i am doing research on coins and tokens and sweatting when my portfolio drops, and this guy makes hundreds of dollars off retards.i dont understand these retards, im a complete noob but my first reaction was "how does this scam work?
", i was even scared to just simply open it on myethewallet.
meanwhile retard mcgoo has sent 0.02 ETH without even thinking for 1 second.
this is why there is such a big discrepancy in money.
the top 1% are there because the other 99% are dumb as fuck
kek
Can someone please explain how the fuck this thing works?
Is it a bot?
are the tokens not transferrable?
How does he steal the tokens before some quick faggot high on coke sends the minereum with the gas money?
I'm curious, how does the scam work?
Cis white maleWhat a coincidence
read the smartcontract brainleti miss when crypto was a /g/ thing desu
Its a fucking wallet address you brainlet.
Its not a smart contract.
or are you talking about the minereum smartcontract?
if it is confirmed antondziatkovskii is a scammer, who would trust him when he is launching his own ICO?
your what we call a pussy.
you dont take risk, youll never get rich
still doesnt fucking explain how this wallet address steals the gas money.
anton dziatkovskii is a scammerMicromoney.io is a scam
who the fuck cares bro?
we want to know how the scam works, we arent here to talk about morality and shit.
this is /biz/.
the state of /biz/kek
I dont get it bro, i paste the address in etherscan and it really isnt a smart contract.
its a wallet address.
i just want to know how it works.
he does look like the pure scumbag type.
very sad.
i dont care either, just helping google seo his name and project
I'm not trying to get you retards to send this genius more money but would it theoretically be possible to send a ton of small amounts of ETH all at once that didn't have enough gas to send themselves out?
Then couldn't you use that to send the minerium out?
I guess it depends how his bot is programmed but if you could just get it to stay for a second you'd make $12000.
Go all in on a casino if you like risk so much then retard.
Its not about taking risk its about managing risk.How many people here do what OP did for real and how many do it to scam people?
Id say about 1 to 20000 times?
still thinks it's a botNo bot can pull gas that fast - unless it's on the eth network.
Which means it's not a bot, it's a smart contract.
this in theory sounds like it would workit would take a true alpha to try it though
https://etherscan.io/tx/0x983b09536276d1bb31a3b68e537115b2dc9096dc91c350f3df74fb74db3866a8case closed
id fuck that anime girl with my crypto gains from this type of scam now someone pls explain how the fuck this shit works.
Like the other anons said> no bot can pull gas that fast> its not a smart contract either because of its a wallet address based on eitherscanWhy doesnt Etherscan detect that its a smart contract address then?
If you paste a smart contract address in etherscan, it should be able to detect that its a smart contract.
It only recognizes it as a wallet address.
How the hell would it be a smart contract?
4334587The coin he's holding is the contract.
If I'm reading the contract right, it seems to pull the gas of the address its in and move it to a different addy.https://etherscan.io/token/0x1a95b271b0535d15fa49932daba31ba612b52946?a=0xb7605ddc0327406a7ac225b9de87865e22ac5927
ITS NOT A SMART CONTRACTYeah it was just the only thing I could come up with.
But I'm sure this guy has thought of everything and there's no way he would actually risk $12000 just to fool with retards and take their minescule amounts of ETH.
Explain to me how a bot can pull gas that fast.
u guys r fucking dumbassessending tokens costs more gas than ether, all he needs to do is set his gas price high enough so his txn will always make it in before urs (u cant set urs higher than his since sending tokens costs more)
cool.
sent 100k to it.
someone who is not lazy want to make a few ether wallets and try it outim sure someone here would willingly throw gas money at it to see if it works
There is a bot that looks at the funds in the wallet.
If the address has more than a certain amount of Ethereum, it sends the Ethereum to another address.
If it has less than a certain amount of Ethereum, it sends it to the smart contract Minereum.
You get rewarded Minereum for sending gas to the smart contract.
The coin he's holding is the contract.Every fucking coin is a contract what are you talking about?
LINK is a contract, OMG is a contract.
Are you the brainlet or am i the brainlet.
Im so fucking confused.
How can a regular wallet address transfer funds automatically that fast.
>send .1 eth>immediately tranfer the tokens with the full .1 eth as gas>??
?>profit
immediately tranfer the tokens with the full You fucking brainlet figuring how he does this step is the hard part.
bots could fail though.
i dont think anyone is going to trust a bot with $12000smart contract is automatic
This.
No way this shit is a bot but the address isnt a smart contract either.
>mfw he's made $140 USD in ether from this bullshithttps://etherscan.io/address/0xdf1fb91fa80bc76366e4fb942692f598325f0770
Do I have to be quicker than him or will he always beat the attempt with a higher eth fee somehow bypassing my tx if I can get it broadcasted before him?
Yeah dude bro man shit man bro!
Totally mexican bro.
Enjoy the wall manbro.
doesn't know how smart contracts workIt's like a virus you tard.
Viruses are applications that are designed to be malicious.
The same thing can be done with a contract.
You launch a malicious contract that will only command on the addresses that hold the coin of the said contract.Such as is being told by this fucking line:balanceOf[msg.sender] -= _value; balanceOf[_to] += _value; Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value); > Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value);lrn2readcode you fucking brainlet
Are you saying the minereum contract is the malicious address?
Or that we dont know which contract controls the address?
Yeah dude bro man shit man bro!
Totally mexican bro.
Enjoy the wall manbro.
You can't move the MNE, and any ETH sent to the address from retards gets sent automatically to a separate address.
It ain't rocket science.
However, what is more interesting is the fact that the address and address it sends to have been linked with numerous hacks and thefts (not from this trick) but from genuine hacks and thefts.
But we have his private keys so we are the owner of the fucking address that holds the coin.
4334712Both of yall are knuckleheads.
Just create a new Ethereum wallet and send 0.00000001 ether to the wallet address.
It's how Minereum works.There's no other way to do this than to be the first person to send Ethereum to another address once it hits his wallet.
It's nothing special.
Just learn how to code and poll the wallet once you have access to the blockchain to send it to another one.
It's that simple.
Anyway, the volume of Minereum is shit on Livecoin and HitBTC.
The max you'd get is 600 from his coins if you dump everything on HitBTC.
If you got a good connection and can confirm blocks on a rig then you can probably pull this scam too.
Yeah dude bro man shit man bro!
Totally mexican bro.
Enjoy the wall manbro.
wallet addresscontract*
If what you're saying is true, you'd be able to xfer his coins out by spamming it with gas, while at the same time spamming it to xfer the coins.Kinda like what's going on with BTC rn.
dude..... manbro!
Anyone else notice he's trying to xfer his coins out?
what does xfer mean wtf
xfer = transferyou need to be nicer
ITT: ppl getting played
it's how literal faggots act... they over compensate 100x In the case of anonymous internet, legit cock suckers will either talk like some 90s era hollywood rapper, or attempt to come off as hostile, hardcore and edgy... they don't realize anyone who's been online long enough can spot them like a sore thumb.
Seriously.. these faggots stick out so bad.
They really are the lowest IQ among us.
The low IQ and homosexual mental illness plays itself out in all kinds of predictable ways.
These faggots are like bots, seriously.
If you've come across one, you've come across them all.
Can people keep giving this guy 0.006 ETH for free, it's really helping my chances of screwing him out of his 30k mne
I would put money on you letting you girlfriend fuck you in the ass if you had one
I havent sent any, but I did manage to broadcast sending his MNE away.I checked the timestamps and I was 15 secs after he broadcasted to snatch the eth, and he was 20 secs after the deposit cleared.
Since then his eth transfers seemed to have sped up.Thats as far as a I got, but I think Im done trying.
Someone sent the bare minimum for gas so I doubt this will go through...
Holy shit this is fun to read.
I really hope one of you all manages to actually pull those 30k out.
It would be spectacular
yeah for real.
I got it to broadcast but then the tx failed.
What i dont get it?
how am i not nice?
Holy shit I think someone managed to take it
How come?
>TONS OF PENDING TRANSACTIONSDID SOMEONE GET IT?
Typical faggot response.
Predictable too.
You know whats pathetic, you actually believe that was clever.
People like you will continue to exist in society.
The low end manlet side.
So desperate.
Always over compensating for insecurity.
Very commonly found among societies rejects.
Niggers, homosexuals, abused sluts... you know, basically everyone in the hood.Stay affected.
Kek what is even going on in this thread anymore.
This is 4chan you fucking retard.
Go post on Plebbit if you want compliments and references to Rick and morty, you stupid fuck Until then, keep talking like you're not an overweight dork you utter moron
Even your ID has pink in it, you sensitive fairy
I'll ask again.
How does this scam work?
Keep being affected you insecure dick gobbler.
You're an emotional simp and your faggotry is broadcasted everywhere you go.Only legit homosexuals get triggered by real men.
He has a ton of ERC20 tokens worth a lot sitting in his wallet.
The only way to move them out is using Ethereum as a "transfer fee".
When you move Ethereum into the wallet to move them out, he nabs them and puts the Ethereum into his own wallet before they can be used as part of the transaction cost.
Guy sets up a bot that auto clears the wallet whenever it has over a certain amount of ETH in.He leaves MNE in the wallet which I don't think can be moved until a certain date He pretends to give out his private address with 14k MNE in and people send ETH to the address to pay the gas fee to transfer the 14k worth of MNE outBefore they get chance, the ETH is sent out to a separate address It's basically a scammer scamming other people with no morals, since they were trying to steal his 14k MNE
i think what hes asking is how exactly does he transfer the gas money out quickly and without fail.
it sucks cause i got it to broadcast the transaction twice now but it wont go through.gimme my free gibs
back to plebbit you dumb nigger
...read the thread you fucking idiot
If I've managed to start off the transaction (27mins ago) but only used the bare minimum gas fee and it's still stuck showing processing block in his wallet, what's my chances like?
Since the start of this thread its gone up 4k in value
some anons say its a bot, some say its a contract.
so whats the consensus?
After I started the transaction he's got one failed Eth out transaction
Some other anon said: "Start a Geth client, make a wallet, write some node.js to do this automatically.
You can do it even easier with a contract, by making the fallback function transfer the eth directly, so that there is literally 0 chance anyone can ever navigate around it"
Another insecurity crypto-gobbler snatches up the faggot bait.
You faggots can't even resist the faggot bait.
Too easy.Get back alternet, you triggered manlet.
So whats stopping me from doing this with $1k worth of OMG and LINK tokens and trying to bait normies?
kek
your inability to write the bot
Not much honestly.
How well can you code a smart contract?
manletWhy would you even think of that unless it was already weighing on your mind, you manlet?
I'm knowledgeable but not an expert.
I coded a decentralized to-do list before.
Is it possible to pay gas directly from another wallet during the transaction instead of it having to go through his wallet first?>plz give half if this is possible and my idea works
4335669It's probably not that difficult
You can do it even easier with a contract, by making the fallback function transfer the eth directlyAlso im pretty sure this isnt the method since it requires the address to be a contract address and not a wallet address.
Also, how can a contract have private keys?
Not possible.
I havent tried the node.js method though.
CAN someone explain the scam please ?
thought of this, it would be possible if minereum had an allowance function maybe, but it doesn't
Savage lol

send me some of your penis :D

I'm holding 10 COCK, good sir :^)