shits tanking.
get the fuck out now boys.
Already back up.
Massive support.
Just whales accumulatingTarget price is $75 tonight
why do people think it's going to hit $75!?
NOOOO NOOOO NOOOOOOO
THE GOVERNMENT NEWS IS STILL COMMING YOU STUPID FUCKS JSUT HOLD!!!!!!!!
Because its MOOOOOONING
yepthey've dropped it after each "announcement" then push the price back upcoordinated and effective
Lol you are delusional.
The news was garbage and the price is down sooooo much from yesterday.
Target price is $28 at end of day Keep holding though lol.Fucking bagholders get me every time.
Sell your Neo
Hahahha btfo NoNEO!!
This shit will moon without your $100 that you stole from your grandmother
They already said that it wasn't government related a few days ago, gtfo
lol.
news was that chinese can take part in next ico on the neo platform.
you are a poor parjeet without a clue.
Neo will moon.
pathetic ants desperate for the chink (((guberment))) to save them
I sold 8k NEO at $44, bagholder.
And I'll buy your bags when you sell for $30 pleading for somebody to buy them.
will it hit 44 again?
sure you did parjeet, sure you did.
Not this month lol.
Get out while you have a profit, kiddo.
But back in for more free NEO later on.
Well, kiddo.
You are wrong.
It will hit $70+ this night.
Get in now or regret forever kid
I tried to warn you last night.
I posted warnings about a bearish TKx crossing happening.
I posted a chart showing this.
It was called neodeath.png.
But no, TA is memes.This is what happens when you don't all love Lain.
Sad.
HAHAHA fucking delusional
the dump is related to the absence of news
Got out, no news
Neo at the moment
Better invest in some knee pads, bucko.
You're gunna need um.
https://twitter.com/NEOnewstoday/status/932662504479711233they are hyping with the possibility of huge news and giving them old ones
fuck it, finally dumped these neo bags.
complete shitcoin.>inb4 BTC crashes
Neo will moon.
Government news is confirmed.
Neo is a platform for icos in china!THIS WILL MOON, buy now or regret forevaahhh
BTC is mooning.
This was the best decision you could make.
yeah.
the market is too stupid to figure this out.they dont need PRC approval.
they just found a way to allow chinese capital investment anyway.
this
how many trades you do each day lain?
priced in you niglets
there won't be an announcement about government approval.
that's fucking dumb.what we WILL get are government contracts which utilize the NEO network.
that's as good as the same thing.PRC makes a company defacto by working with it and not the competition.
If they do ANYTHING with NEO, that's fucking HUGEhold or don't.
i don't give a shit.
but know that this will explode soon.
take the risk... it's small.
okay so what was the fucking news?