>g-guys it is safe to buy back now?I dont want to baghold even one fucking day.
Is there something coming up before EOY?
Go all in on USDT if you don't wanna baghold, faggot
Omg is fucking solid.
Buy now.
Yeah i bought into some OMG earlier today.
It hasn't been very active in the last couple days, but i'd like to see it get up to $8.5 before the end of the weekend.
Every time I see this pic I just want to take that skateboard and smash his fucking teeth in with it.
60% of my portfolio is OMG right now, I honestly think we're going to see 11-12$ in a few weeks
He shilled this shit so hard that it caused bagholders since September and 3 months of not going above $8 USD.
Now we are all stuck here rimming his asshole after he ate spicy kimchi while he fucks underage ladyboys with all of the money he made
*skateboards away*
Which wallet do u guys recommend for OMG?
% if my portfolio is OMG, 30% ETHOS, 20% XMR today has been a shitty day, had a good week and literally put 100OMG away in my ledger so I can’t trade it so technically OMG is around 60% I just want 2018 to come already so I stop thinking I’m a deluded OMG’er
I use my Ledger Nano S and MyEtherWallet to view it.
I haven’t ever pulled OMG out, but I only keep 100 in it the rest are on exchanges until I get my full stack built.
I’m going to put all my coins in cold storage.
Delete all apps but Binance and Blockfolio and forget about it for months.
That’s the only way to not be stressed out, stuck on my phone, yelling at the screen as the Sell Walls build.
But yeah just send it to your ETH address on Ledger Google App for ETH
Have 1k omg and not very confident, but we’ll see i guess.
Could have put that money into eth
Be confident.
It’s the most promising project with the most impressive team behind it, with more than enough funding, experience and an established company behind it.
It’s a holding game with OMG and weak hands will regret jumping ship to early.
This is literally the Google or Crypto while BTC is the Yahoo, one year.
Just wait one year and you can afford anything
KekWe get a taste of what real investors deal with>get to fucking work
A pensioner asked me for some money because he doesn't get enough to survive anymore and I gave him $20 but I feel bad about it because I knew I was only handing it over because of my own selfish desire to be charitable and caring and shit What do biz
Sold 2/3 of my OMG for POWR, SONM, SUB, POLL, SNGS GG, buy back after moon landings.