Ok anon.
Make up your mind.
You're so not in sync about this one, should or should we not invest in LINK.This thread decides.Dubs count double.Trips, and so on.
Rory
Link better moon in 2018
Seeeeeerrrrrgeeey
Rory
I'm a big believer in link but I don't like how many pajeets and justfags are putting their hopes and dreams on it.
They will be the first to sell when the price moves like 20% in either direction and just slow down the inevitable moon mission.
I bought into it at the presale because I was impressed with their background, the problem they want to solve, and the fact that they don't do marketing and are focused solely on their product.
The shilling here attracted too many pajeets and I wish people would stop making threads about it.
do not invest, bitcoin is better
Link will only reflect the volume of data queries.
The reason eth and omg pumped is proof of stake.
Institutions bought in so they could get cheap coins before staking is implemented.
Link will not be proof of stake, so there is no reason to own a shit tonne
when they sell you can just buy more?go for the long haul.
pajeets dont matter.
Steve is sergey's gay lover.
Quads have spoken
who steve tho?
There is a staking mechanism
Ok ill stop trolling, im genuinely curious.
Does the ChainLink team plan on implementing staking?Will this be better for LINK or not?
Because any coins that has staking is more likely to be considered a security right?
While pure utility tokens are completely safe against the SEC.
They have been very clear that utility tokens are not securities.
Thank you for dub quads of truth I will continue to faithfully hodl my giant stack.
You can setup a node, which doesn't require any stake, but the network's willingness to use your node increases with the amount of LINK you hold.
More people using your node = more dividends
It isn't a real staking mechanism, it only applies it two nodes are competing to send the same data that the oracle would pick the higher LINK staked node, but it doesn't mean anything more then that.It is not a true proof of stake as the more you have does not mean you get an X guaranteed amount for what you invested.
You are a fucking brainlet.
read
4337825If you're staking and you send bad data you get penalized.
Thus nodes risking link will be considered far more trustworthy.
I'll buy back a few months from now.Way too much opportunity cost right now.
Is this type of staking better for the price though?
Some might say it will push away investors since its not actual staking, but the benefit is that it is less likely to be considered a security by the SEC?What do you guys think?
Buy now 50% of the quantity you had thought.Invest in other coins meanwhile.
At the first green flag of link mooning sell all and buy.If you lose the moon, at least you have entered with 50% of your investment.
With a chance of making profits
Did I say it was meant to be fucking proof of stake?
God I knew you would say something like this but thought "hopefully he's not such a brainlet", but here you are calling me one.
Staking provides incentive to hold the token and isn't achieved exclusively by PoS.
I believe this type of staking is ultimately good for the project.
It incentivizes holding because you still get paid based on your stake, but ultimately I don't think it'll be considered a security since it's not actually paying dividends directly, your payouts are based on your ability to provide (or at least relay) accurate data, it's just that having a decent stake of tokens will mean that more often than not, your node is chosen to provide the data
oh so its like in the middle of the cons and pros of staking and being considered as a security which should make it easier to get listed on exchanges and be off the SEC's radar compared to pure POS crypto.
i know about the staking mechanism anon, im just wondering if its better for the price.
i know about the staking mechanism anon, im just wondering if its better for the price.It's certainly good for the price, the more you have to stake the more likely you are to get high payout contracts.
I'm a pajeet, holding 100k LINK, not selling till $5
If the price reach 0.5$ then i would probably sell..
I don't have a lot of confidence in this, anymore.
There is many things i dislike about it, for instance that there is only two people..
They could have hired a third person, just to manage their website or post updates.
Another thing i dislike about it, is the amount of "buzzwords" they use.
The outreach Sergey have made, has been nothing but these generic crypto-buzzword clustered into a sentence.
Also the fact that Sergey is morbidly obese, is a huge problem, how can you put your trust in a guy with so little self-control that he can't even maintain a healthy weight.
It also raises the issue of mental problems, the blatant lack of self-control.
he litterally just said..
Honestly I feel like SWIFT and any other potential big-name partners are keeping the team from doing any kind of reveals until after they can acquire a decently sized stake.
If SWIFT are actually going to use LINK, they'll want to hold a sizeable chunk of the tokens, and they CERTAINLY wouldn't want such a large percentage of their financial messaging system to be controlled by people on a chinese basketweaving board.
It feels to me like they're artificially suppressing the price to shake out weak hands from 4chan in order to secure their own stake as the majority in the network.
Think about it, if SWIFT uses LINK, then you can bet a whole lot of financial institutions will be jumping at the opportunity to integrate it.
That means a significant portion of global banking will be dependent on LINK to handle their international financial messaging, and SWIFT certainly wants to be the ones in control of that, rather than leaving it up to a board full of 20-something year old NEETs
They already hired a guy: Thomas Hodges - ChainLink Technical Communications Manager.
Do you even research before spreading bull?https://medium.com/@cl_thodges/chainlink-white-paper-section-2-architectural-overview-c109cbc8c3a9
I kinda don't see the benefits of releasing any tokens for speculation / ICO before they are actually getting used and implemented.
Yeah, the project was funded with 32m, but you don't really need 32m to develop this if you are a 2-man show.
What can be expected for LINK in the next 12 months?
Ill sell like 25% if it goes to a dollar
$4
You either understand *why* Link is the cat's pajamas and you immediately buy this incredibly undervalued asset which will perform amazingly in a couple of years or you stay poor.
We're not about to do your thinking for you.
Start with the basics: did you read the whitepaper?
Did you look into who's involved?
Did you crunch the numbers on potential market cap?
Did you do all that?>did you get it?
Well that would be awesome.
Well that would be awesome.
I think more in a long term invest.
Like checking it every week for 5 years or so.
Have some SALT and REQ too.
Could you crunch the numbers for me at least?
I already have 8k but I'm too retarded to do this properly.Pls anon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1R7wFK9SwEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFmKlkhoOXY>Do the math>Read the whitepaper>Look who is involved
Well, this.
From a purely logical point of view there is literally no reason to not hold LINK long term if you are ok with long term holding.
Hardly any other coins have a similar exponential growth potential.
At some point it will take off.
The entry point now is solid and nobody knows when the big news come.
Then a tiny spark just ignites a big explosion in price.
Many people are watching this.
But trust me, you won't be able to time the market right because there will only be a 2 min time window to buy.
http://boards.4chan.org/bizfresh news
4338154
That first link is fucking hilarious.
I refuse to watch it again and give him another "view", but his argument is so ignorant that you can't do anything but laugh.He "values" ChainLink by looking at MasterCard and dividing it by $100, or something.
Talking about "paying fees".ChainLink is a decentralised Oracle network that can link ANY INFORMATION to and from blockchains.
Not just banking.
Not just payments.
Not just "fees".
Any information that is moving between smart contracts and real life.
If you want to value THAT, given that small players like BNP Paribas (with $2 trillion in assets) are already interested, then by my guest.
4338325Those videos will be historical reference when Chainlink made a couple of guys very rich.
I am pretty sure there were also many retards "calling" the demise of ETH when it didn't take right off like this guy.
not
surely the market can spare a measly billion or two for good friend LINK
Chainlink moon
Putting all my leftover BHC into link as soon as I get home
go ham!
This.
It seems like SWIFT's silence about the Chainlink network is strategic.
Got 200K Link.
It's my hold for the next six months to a year because I'm just burned out on trading Crypto.
It's far too stressful.
If Link moons to $2 or something I might get back into trading.
Otherwise I'm done with the market for a while.
I was listening to the competition, a lot of times I was looking at stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any other smart contract, they all seem to be doing exactly the same thing.
So what on earth was new about chainlink?>holders expect link to grow because of meme magic and nothing else>link is used to pay for transaction feesok.He then drafts a calculation from MasterCard's transaction volume (as best case scenario) - not financial messaging or IoT - just credit card payments.
How often do you see credit cards talked about with chainlink?
>MasterCard makes 3 billion off transaction fees3 billion how often?
He doesn't say.
It's just 3 billion.
This figure is MasterCard's quarterly revenue, he divides it by 300 to get a valuation for chainlink.>(Quarterly revenue)/300 = market cap
Unquestionably, but it keeps us in the dark, we don't know how far they are in adopting chainlink, or if they are drifting away from adoption.
Exactly.
Think about it this way, if a major financial institution was going to implement this, do you honestly think they'll let the people on 4chan control their network?
Not a fucking chance, they're going to keep shaking all of the LINKmarines down until 4chan holds less than 2% of the circulating supply and SWIFT themselves hold at least 30%.
They won't risk even the slightest chance of you guys fucking this up for them.
From what I read they are going to have fraud detection services up and running Summer 2018 which is when the network was supposed to go live.
No definitive connection but the timeline is interesting.
I AM NOT FUCKING SELLING
lies.
a pajeet wouldn't have 17 thousand dollars to invest
You guys are going off the deep end again.
- SWIFT doesn't need many tokens to adopt the network, participants of the network will but not SWIFT in particular.- If they do for some reason, they will not buy off the open market
This whole post is like is just a bunch of delusion put together.You're just secretly hoping that it's true to cope with the fact that LINK dropped 80% from the ATH.You really think a mega corporation like SWIFT is manipulating the price?
If they wanted to hold a sizeable chunk of tokens they would've bought out the whole sell side on Binance.That's pocket change for them.
And they don't care if some autists hold the tokens, what difference does it make for them?
There's no some le sikrit conspiracy against le 4chan, jesus fucking christ do you hear yourself?The current price is all team's fault.They don't communicate, they don't answer questions, they can't update the website.
No Twitter or any social media.Sergey doesn't even come to slack anymore.I'm starting to wonder if Steve is even a real person.Rory is also posting less and less in slack by the day.In its current state, this project looks like vaporware.Why is it a strategic approach?They need to get out there with this news and assert dominance over the market, not roll over and wait until the next Ripple fucks them in the ass again and takes their market share.That makes 0 sense, along with what I replied to the post above.
I really want someone to try and answer to these without sperging out because I'm all in on LINK and this is not FUD but facts.
As i understand it, only 10-15% of the Chainlink tokens are in circulation.
The others are used as a "gift" to companies that adopt it.
Meaning that SWIFT upon adoption would get 20-30% of the Chainlinks, as a sign on bonus.
I don't think they would go out an buy up chainlinks, i don't think they have any incentive to keep the price low.
It's the least of their concern..
Even if they where to buy up chainlinks, if they bought 10 mio chainlinks at 10$ each or at 1$ each, it would be peanuts for them - especially considering the risk they are taking with adopting it.
No one in SWIFT gives a fuck about the price of Chainlink tokens...
Swift will probably end up with a quarter of the node operator Link at least.
I can see them shilling Link to banks and helping them set up nodes if they decide to adopt.I can see speculation sending this to orbit but not institutional buy ins.
Vaporware that presents at SIBOS and Defcon.Come on, now.
I didn't say it is actual vaporware, I said the team makes it look like vaporware.Because if you're not in their closed Slack, this project is basically dead on all fronts from normie perspective.
I’d be so much more comfy if it would just go up to .75 to a $1.
How long do I have to wait?
Maybe I went a little off the deep end there.
But what I'm trying to say is, the team has already expressed their distaste with the fact that 4chan holds a sizeable stake in LINK, and it's not too farfetched to assume that SWIFT would be concerned about one single community holding a large chunk of the company they're about to partner with, especially given 4chan's less-than-stellar reputation among mainstream media.
I might be wrong in saying that they're buying up the tokens, it doesn't seem like they would need to, but it's not crazy to think that they have directed the team to keep contact to minimum at least for now, and it's not crazy to think that they would prefer the tokens be divided up among random unrelated investors rather than heavily concentrated within one community that has a bad reputation.
OK I'll answer your query.ChainLink has literally one task at the moment.
If they fail at this task, everything fails, and the token and the project is worth zero.
Not only that, but the team that DOES manage to establish a decentralised oracle network, more or less on the exact terms that smartcontract.com have already laid out, will make billions.
That's right, if they fail to do this one thing, they will be broke, and someone else will be unbelievably wealthy, with their idea.That one thing is to establish a network of nodes that is diverse and robust enough that it is actually a useful tool for decentralised information conferral.
It is not to hold /biz/s hand, it is not to build up media hype, it is not to do any of the day to day flag waving shit that a lot of inferior cryptos do to maintain their price.If the network gets up and running on a scale where it is a truly trustless oracle system, it will be worth tens of billions.
If it doesn't, someone else will do it.Community management and new exchanges and shit are a low, low priority.
Making ChainLink the biggest thing in crypto since Smart Contracts is the priority.
As for the former there is no conspiracy.
It's just a crypto with zero hype.As for the latter they are killing it with marketing to their target.
They are aiming at enterprise customers with valuable data.
They are succeeding with that based on their relationship with Swift and the fact a multibillion dollar corporation mentioned them by name out of nowhere.
You have things like Req and Confido which are planning to use Link and that is just what we see on the transparent crypto side of things.We have no idea what they are doing and if that company didn't tweet about Link I would probably be asking the same questions.
But the fact something like that came out of nowhere leads me to believe they are doing well in their marketing.
Where did they talk about the distaste with 4chan?
That's never been said
the team has already expressed their distaste with the fact that 4chan holds a sizeable stake in LINKWow, what did they say?
I knew we shouldn't have been so loud and obnoxious about it.
Wasn't Sergey holding up a Biz sign the other day?
4339343Very well said
Please sir, one sentence where Sergey used too many buzzwords for you?
I want to see how dumb you are.
4339392It was just a throwaway comment on Slack from either Rory or Sergei about a month ago, about how an "internet forum" has accumulated a large stake in LINK and about how they found it concerning.
There was a screenshot on reddit but it seems like the post has been deleted.
this is a load of shit dude.
nobody at swift is thinking about 4chan
See Do you even research before spreading bull?I am not gonna provide proof or evidence for any claim i make on 4chan - and that is that!
this.let the team do what they gotta do.
this isn't an OMG skateboard hype fest.
Page impressions per month: 703,000,000>Unique visitors per month: 27,700,000
Do you not know the routine?
At ICO pump it to people like you, post ICO dump it to people like you, then move on.There was never intention to actually get this thing going lol.
You're a little to be cluing in now.
the team has already expressed their distaste with the fact that 4chan holds a sizeable stake in LINKWhere did they express this?We held MAYBE 10-15% after the ICO, now 2 months later after a major sell-off I'd be surprised if we even held 5-8% and that's a community with hundreds of different people that don't work together.It's like saying Reddit holds 5% of the tokens, like who cares it's just a bunch of random people that happen to visit the same website.I appreciate your reply.And I agree it's a very high priority for them to work on the network but they don't try to show any signs of progress.You cannot tell me that Steve who's supposedly developing this on his own can't take half an hour every two weeks just to post some kind of update on how is he progressing with the network/code.Even if that's too much to ask, Sergey could drop in the slack sometimes and answer some questions, Rory knows everyone has a lot of questions.Now that the price has tanked and it's more important now than ever for Sergey to help restore supporter's faith in his project, he's nowhere to be seen.I don't think I ask for a lot, just for little signs that show that they care.If you're talking about HCL (hope I spelled that right) then yeah, I was a bit surprised by that too.It's obvious they are doing something, but I just wish they would share at least some things with us.I'm aware they cannot share everything but they don't share anything.
Link is my little btc just buy at 24 hour low and sell at high this is what whales do and will until it gets on a higher volume exchange
could you be any more pajeet?
lol
I don't think I ask for a lot, just for little signs that show that they care.they aren't your mother.
they have no obligation to do any of this shit.
kys
This.
If anything take solace they aren't dick-waving.
Their silence indicates (to me at least) they are keeping with a NDA for the sake of partnerships.
Every team at least does this most basic communication yet everyone tries to defend this team for not doing the same as every project out there.But please continue sucking Sergey's dick.
basic communication = dick-waving>muh NDAI thought we were past this delusion.
Trips summed it up perfectly.
Just speculation.
No reason to be upset, friend.
Link will not be proof of stakeWow.
Your notion of CL has made me realise how undervalued LINK is rn.Just bought another 1k
 just a bunch of random people that happen to visit the same websiteMember the time /biz/ lost their shit after a random post that binance was running out of money?
Or the time LINK price soared after a week of memes?
There is such thing as power of /biz/, but it requires control
From what I hear the node operator slack is a lot more informative.
I was thinking of setting up a node to get on there.
I remember Rory said something about hiring a marketing team after Swift but I guess Sergey ate through that budget.
We only emptied the hot wallet, it was literally nothing.The price soared due to usual post-ICO hype, it happens with most of the projects, even the shitty ones (DNT)
I meant Sibos not Swift.