Best alt to buy on this dip?
Which alt is going to moon?OMG or WTC?
What’s your recommendation
if ur not an ADHD autist buy OMG and sit on it for a year.
collect your 10-20x gains
Xrp or syscoin will become mainstream 2018. omg and wtc are gonna make you a loser in 2018.
This.
OMG is a great hodl in my opinion.
ARK
Ark
This.
OMG or WTC >the literal fucking payments app of Ethereum developed by the team itself, or some bullshit running on 2005 era technology that a clothing store uses.Gee I don't know
REQOMGETH
Legacy bitcoin is best alt.
REQ.
Hasn't had it's moon yet, and it's huge.
I’m going on on ark it’s long term chart is so predictable and it’s about time for the pump to start again as it’s already bounced off it’s floor
Groestl.
I expect 50% gains some time this week
'the literal fucking payments app of Ethereum developed by the team itself'when in the actual FUCK are you talking about you retarded gimp
How about spending 5 minutes researching you fucking lunch money gambling teenager
mate you think OmiseGO is developed by the ethereum team please just shoot yourself in between the eyes LOL
Omisego.networkFuck off.
Why the fuck am I here holy shit
Req
you are retarded and your English in your initial post is retarded, please fuck out of here bye
Xrp8 billion market cap>it'll go to 100 billion by tomorrow
Go to the website pajeet.
Try doing ANY research whatsoever.You have an 85 IQ and you live in fucking India.
You're talking about my English because it's YOUR second language.I hate this board so fucking much.
buy neo unless ur gay
honourary
Shut up you retarded vietnamese baffoon.
Of course OMG is developed by Omise themselves so adding that as a statement like you did just shows how much of a fucktard autist you are.
And no, I am talking about your English because it shows how mentally handicapped you are.Just leave kid, good bye Duc Ngo.
I literally linked you to the page where you can confirm my claim.
And you still don't do anything.Typical lazy dumb Indian.
Enjoy gambling away your village's $200 yearly income faggot.
I've followed OmiseGO for longer than you've been born you child.You think it's the 'payments app of Ethereum', which just shows either how little you know about the actual project, or how mentally handicapped you are.Either way, when you're poor in the future I'll let you suck my dick for sats kid.
REQ will be good but won’t have the volume.
Hard to liquidate larger orders That’s why was thinking something like WTC, even tho it’s garbage it has a big following and has the volume
Since you can't click links on your third world computer, here's a screen shot of the page I linked you to.Can you tell me how many times you see the word "Ethereum"?
You are actually stupid as fuck, Vitalik is an advisor for OmiseGO.
Even if past Ethereum team members were part of the team, this does not make it the 'payments app of Ethereum' like you claim by pulling shit out of your ass moon kid.
You can't offer any argument with legitimate backing and just resort to trashing a country because you are incapable of adding substance to what you claim, and also because your uncle's penis is inside your ear.
4302521Back to plebbit, kids.
Pajeet, the white paper literally says that the OMG blockchain is going to be BONDED TO ETHEREUM.It's going to run on Plasma, and if you understood anything about plasma (you dont, you have an 85 IQ) you'd realize plasma requires 2 chains.OMG and ETH working in concert to deliver scalable payments.
It is the payments app of Ethereum.But I am so fucking tired of talking to someone at least 50 IQ points lower than me that it's raising my blood pressure.Any other anon is welcome to BTFO this annoying pajeet gnat.And your English still sucks.
Back onto your father's penis big boy.
What dip, bitch, I'm 50% up.
You are a fucking stupid dog, do you even know what Ethereum is you dumb mutt.Many apps can be bonded to the Ethereum network if they want to, not just OmiseGO.Go and understand the concept of Ethereum first before you go around spewing shit just because you have a $15 investment in OMG.No one will agree with the shit you are saying if they have half a brain.
Plasma.Fuck off.Die.
Chill the fuck ou bruvt.
He's obviously a retard.
Now, we're all on the edge in light of recent events, so let the kids troll
I've been looking at EBET Recently.
Looks pretty amazing.apparently dev is doing a great job just found it on /biz/ today normally /biz/ coins are shit but the more I read on EBET the nicer it looks.check it out OP.
Stupid cuck still doesn't know what Ethereum does.My request for you to cock yourself in between the eyes is still a request.Now shoo you inbred twat.
MODthank me later
They should leave "founder of parity" off the record