This fucking shitcoin might be the shitcoin that ruined it for everyone.Thanks joost you short term gain nigger.According to tokenlot the FBI is investigating.
You are most likely fucked.
But you brought us all down with you.2018 might be the beginning of the end.
You double triple faggot ass nigger.
cant stop laughin about this srs
easy 20x nigga, feels so good
It's so bad even normie news outlets are reporting on it.https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/21/confido-ico-exit-scam-founders-run-away-with-375k.htmlThis dirty street shitter
I honestly don't think that it was Joost, someone probably stole his identity.
Thank god I let these things pass me by when I think I missed something.
If you had 2 ETH and got in the ico, you would of made $14k very easily either way if you dumped when it hit $1.
ICO's are scams, who would have thought!
You can probably kiss gains like that goodbye in the future because of this shit.Everyone, even if you didn't buy cfd, should be pissed at the implications this has set
Ideal time to buy like $20 worth now just in case this isn't a scam.
This coin won't ruin shit.
The SEC have already said that people need to lookout for crypto scams.
Soo...Do I buy the dip?
Congratulations on this, seriously
Haha fuck.
What if Joost was just some normal guy getting into the crypto game, forced to hand over his license and identity for authentication purposes at the exchange?Then one of the exchanges sold his identity to the scammer who did confido.Now Joost is fucked for life but was innocent.Gg boys, and you thought identity theft was harmless.
I'm glad because apparently the ICO sold out in seconds.
People who invested deserve it, and we all deserve it.
Crypto has become such a cutthroat and evil market.Bunch of indians, thirdworlders, and rich fucks got royally sodomize by ICO scamming another project they have no intention of supporting or researching.I hope it happens more, and I hope satoshi exit scams too soon.
what the fuck, they only made 375k of this scam??
are you serious?
LMAO
we are the ConfidoMarines and we are not fucking selling
That's the problem with unregulated marketsOne greedy fucker would gladly destroy the market if he can get his gibs
nah they sold their tokens as well it's just whoever wrote that article is an idiot and for some reason assumed u would sell 100% of your tokens in a fucking ico
k + their team tokensmost likely was around 2m
its a low mcap coin, easy 100x dude
The project was really good tho.
Imagine a decentralized escrow?
I invested when it was $1.10 because I believed in the project and the dev team.
Then I went all in at $1.20, basically spending 19 bitcoins (10x more than my fiat life savings).
And I wake up to it being $0.10.
The subreddit tells me to hold because it's gonna be fine and it can't get any lower.
I'm crying, but I see it double to $0.2.
So I open a margin trade so I can get back my losses faster.
Now I have nothing.
Everything I've ever made I crypto since 2013, gone.
lol that dead cat bounce
> market cap> $106,637A bit lower and I can become the new CEO of Confido, redistribute the accumulated tokens and bring this project back to life
do it, faggotmake a merger with chancoin
The project was really good tho.
Imagine a decentralized escrow?would never work, too easy to exit scam / make new accounts to scamthis system is based on trust... if you already trust them why do you need escrow?
You could also just start a new token and save your money
But all those CFD hodlers look so miserable I just wanna give em a chance
You're right, they do>I know cause I am one
what is it isn't scam and wales are accumulating cheap
I sadly sold my cfd last night.
It was super painful.
Like it killed me to sell what I had for pretty much $40.
holy fuck anon4 years of your earnings wasted, that really is rope-worthy
lol what was ur liquidity percentage
soon ill buy the whole supply just for the luls
im not fucking selling
Classic head and shoulders.
BUY BUY BUY
According my TA it's really oversold now.
A perfect buy opportunity if I've ever seen one.
jesus.
i feel for you
You don't want to know lol.
Depressing %
I missed CFD ICO and got interested, when it did 19x already.
I liked the idea.
I liked the small marketcap and very little total supply.I bought first stack at 16000 sat, then 14000, then 11000.Price went to 8500.
It was sunday evening.
PBC report next day 5 PM Eastern time.
I was like ... hmm I will wait till morning, then I will sell, outlift my bags and rebuy.I woke up and it was 3000, didnt sell.
Was shocked a bit.I sold at 800.
aww, rekt
are u trolling?
4493062oh my fucking godreading the more personal stories made me feel bad, but overall I still think people who bought this shit were idiots who deserve to lose everything
You're bullshitting.
Are you saying that you invested around 150k on this?
>mfw I almost fell for the confido scam but then didn't bothergod is guiding my hands
If it was something like nigger coin or kids coin or even the 4chan coin then yeah I would agree with you.
To me though this is the same as if Chainlink or request pulled an exit scam.
I mean tokenlot hosted the ICO and they even got jewed.
Hindsight is 20/20 bro.
It could have happened to any of us
Yea but no one in /biz/ is angry because no one bought it.were all just margin trading on discord now kekShills for some reason can't use microphones
Sadly tokens don't grant voting rights.
So you could own every token in existence but have no power.
Yet another reason ICOs are scams and stocks are superior.
found the /pol/ack