XMR is anonymousgoogle Elliptic, Chainalysis, Numisight, Skrythese companies are employed by interpol, NSA, IRS, Europol, and various international law enforcement agencies there sole purpose is to put a name to a bitcoin address and identify bad actors
does anyone know at what price will this bull run reach?
Fucking stop shilling monero holy shit Why is everybody talking about it now, i'm still acumulating
mate i hope the target will be 160 but after that its going to fall back down to about 80 90
doubtfulbtc bch war is heating up and the impending clash will force people to hedge with monero as it is the oldest project outside of litecoin and the most developed and actually useful coindnet adoption with multisig and kovrie is only gonna light gas on the fire
k
PivX is better.Transaction with zPiv is burned off the chainalso PivX support TOR and VPNyour move monero
anyone expecting xmr to dip in the next 7 days?
with the forecoming market correction you will see it plummet down to around those prices, it can be a bit higher I don't know.
Anonymous with IP/DNS leaks.Dream on.
also PivX support VPNnewfags leave
Leaks are wallet only, they don't tie you to any transactions at all, just broadcast that you're using the wallet software.
And it's already fixed with Kovri.
FUD harder.
https://themerkle.com/moneros-ip-address-leak-isnt-an-exploit-and-doesnt-affect-anonymity/ nice try with your fud
Article by a paid journalist who has no knowledge of TCP/IP, networking and security.
Have you honestly read what it said?If you're so confident - leave your IP right here.
$200It's been $200 since $120
.0.0.1
https://github.com/monero-project/monero/blob/master/README.md#using-torHmm....
You wish you understood what you're talking about.
You just use Tor if you want your IP hidden, that is separate from coin you use
LOLResearch it before you speak faggothttps://pivx.org/what-is-pivx/features/
I'm now the proud owner of 24 XMR.
I will be HODLING
Hey gois cause their website says it, it must be good!!!!
You're an absolute tard that doesn't know what it means.
They're using buzz words to make the product seem better, but it ain't shit.
You're a dumbass and should do you're research into what it means to have Tor n VPN support and what those technologies really are.Fuckin Buzz word inbread.
https://pivx.org/what-is-pivx/features/> opened link cause curious of this "better than monero privacy coin"> coinmixersstopped reading there.
is a correction within the next 24 hours very likely or should I just buy now?
Buy now.
The whole crypto market is on a bullrun until at least 10th of december when CME futures open
 psuedonymousdafuq does this mean?
Yeah, buy a coin that has absolutely no real world value!
But hey, you can buy GPUs on Newegg!
Is this ironic
No.
What can you buy with Monero that is actually useful?
Probably means pseudo-anonymous
Monero is one of the few coins that does have use in the real world, moron.
this dude definitely does not fuck
4504798Great arguments, guys.
i'm not going to advocate illegal conduct on a taiwanese scuba diving forum, but believe us when we say that xmr is currently functioning in high demand, real world use
Oppressing my gender I see.
Sorry, our cis-normative world can influence us in the worst way.
Yeah, there's definitely no demand for privacy on the internet these days.
For whatever reason, from buying illegal items to money laundering
muh TOR!lol you just proved u dont know wtf u r talking bout boi
Ever heard of Kovri?
It's the only coin that is actually a currency (because it's fungible).
Also, it's the best in the privacy and anonymity department.
Also, it's gaining traction on the DNMs.
If you don't see how these are valuable you are just hopeless.
Go back to holding your LINK bag.
BTC can't be mass adopted because face-to-face transactions would reveal the address owner and their total balance.
Most normies are too stupid to hide their balances in other accounts.
XMR keeps it all hidden, and AEON will be fungible daily transactor while XMR is the value store.
no way, 120 maybe
NO ONLY VERGE CAN USE TOR!!!
mONERO BTFO!!!!!
Sold mine now after making 20% profit out of XMR, defo will accumulate again once it dips.XMR is life
how much XMR does someone needs to make it ?
how much do you hold biz bro ?/biz_pol
Idiot
you guys think xmr will hit 300 usd by summertime?
how high do you think it'll go?
your move monero
I almost did too, but then I wouldn’t have made it to the part about masternodes haha
you're research>ain't shit
Last time I explained what you can buy with monero, I got banned
It'll be over 1k by the end of next year
Monero is not anonymous, it's _more_ anonymous than btc.
You still have to mix your coins several times for low probability of detection.Only zcash has fully anonymous transactions, but unfortunately they are so expensive to generate few people use them.