BTC is retracing and all the money is bouncing back and forth between BTC and BCH...I'm like 40% up on my initial investment, but I'm just fucking pissed.This was supposed to be the glory era for alts and it's being ruined by something that didn't even happen.
I wish Segwitx2 actually went through so b2x woulda dumped right away and people woulda sold off BTC and moved back into alts, BTC goes to 5k and we all go on with life as normal until next bull run to 10kfucking annoying man fuck you BCH/B2X faggots.
fuck you
Brrrap.
Same here fuck that chink fuck i can now see them being inverses of each other for a while
just think of the last alt pump we had as practice.
now you know whats going to happen once btc/bch/bcwhatever settles down.
learn from this and plan accordingly
Yep, BTC insiders are fucking over everyone.
dude... it's been less than a week since this bullrush started and you're already triggered?
have some patience.
the alts will go up eventually, because some of them will be used as tokens for actual services in the future.
you should take the opportunity that they are all down and do some research and put your money on the important ones.
the problem seems to be that you just want some quick pump and dumps to make some quick cash.
you will lose money if you keep this up.
stop chasing bulls.
look for the bloody street and put your money on it.
fucking cuck
BBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPsnnnnniiiiiiffffffffffff...oh yes my dear....sssnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiffffffff....quite pungent indeed...is that....dare I say....sssssssnniff...eggs I smell?......sniff sniff....hmmm...yes...quite so my darling....sniff....quite pungent eggs yes very much so .....ssssssssssssssnnnnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiffffff....ah yes...and also....a hint of....sniff....cheese.....quite wet my dear....sniff...but of yes...this will do nicely....sniff.....please my dear....another if you please....nice a big now....BBBBBBRRRRRRRAAAAAAAPPPPPPPFFFFFFFFLLLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPFFFFFFOh yes...very good!....very sloppy and wet my dear....hmmmmm...is that a drop of nugget I see on the rim?...hmmmm.....let me.....let me just have a little taste before the sniff my darling.......hmmmmm....hmm..yes....that is a delicate bit of chocolate my dear....ah yes....let me guess...curry for dinner?....oh quite right I am....aren't I?....ok....time for sniff.....sssssnnnnnnniiiiiiiiffffffff.....hmmm...hhhmmmmm I see...yes....yes indeed as well curry......hmmm....that fragrance is quite noticeable....yes.....onion and garlic chutney I take it my dear?.....hmmmmm....yes quite.....BBBBBBRRRRRRRRPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTTTTTTTTOh I was not expecting that…that little gust my dear….you caught me off guard…yes…so gentle it was though…hmmmm…let me taste this little one…just one small sniff…..sniff…ah….ssssssnnnnnniiiiiffffffffffff…and yet…so strong…yes…the odor….sniff sniff…hmmm….is that….sniff….hmmm….I can almost taste it my dear…..yes….just…sniff….a little whiff more if you please…..ssssssnnnnnniiiiiffffffffff…ah yes I have it now….yes quite….hhhhmmmm…delectable my dear…..quite exquisite yes…..I dare say…sniff….the most pungent one yet my dear….ssssnnnnniiiifffffffffffffffffffffff….yes….
Wtf they never showed Luna Lovegood's booty in Harry Potter.Hhnnggggghhg
Anon u sound like someone who got into crypto within the last year or so...this is usual bullshit, get used to it, have a drink/joint, and remember ur gonna make it
The problem is your assumption.
The truth is with BTC and BCH drama AND NOW with bitcoin gold coming along, no one knows WTF is going to happen and yes, the market as a whole is suffering.
For the first time in months, TOTAL CRYPTO VOLUME is down.
That's a problem for EVERYONE in this space and yes, it's all because some fucking douche chinks.
Less than a week?We've been riding this shit for like a month and a half now.
First it was BTG fork retard shit and then we got like 2 DAYS to sell our alts until the November fork shit started.
Then it was finally supposed to end.. and now there is literally no end in sight.
Just a endless fight between BCH and BTC.I'm not looking for P&D's, im up a good amount of money, I just dont want a pissing contest between these 2 shitcoins while everything else suffers endlessly.
TOTAL CRYPTO VOLUME is downIsn't that typical for this time of year, and usually attributed to holiday consumerism?
I know fuck that unexpected shit, literally don't know what to do now
This market is becoming less binary now.
It was very easy to make consistent profits by just being aware of BTC trends, holding when it's low, and washing alts when it's treading steady.
Now it's a bit more complicated, 'cause ETH seems less and less anti-BTC every passing week, and BCH is now a major player, and its bullrun will likely peter out at 0.3 BTC.It's weird to have to trade more than 1 ETH for something...
BCH bull run is just getting started.
You think alts are doing bad now?
Just think about that 80%+ hash power that was going to mine B2X switching over to BCH.
You're a fucking fool if you think Btc cash is going to flip with btc, or if you think the two are interconnected in any way other than its name.
BCH is just a shit coin leaching off brand recognition.
The time for alts is now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTOCTtxLC_sAlts are fucking worthless.
The vast majority of them are literally going to zero or 1 sat five years from now.
Even when people want out of bitcoin, they won't go into alts.
They go into tokens closely related to bitcoin, because it is the only token that's truly valuable.
Most alts holders are really only in it for the prospect of 100x runs, the "flippening" delusion as if whatever obscure shitcoin you're in could possibly overtake bitcoin.
or if you think the two are interconnected in any way other than its nameShut up.
They share an algorhythm you retard.
That doesn't fucking mean shit.
Adoption of BCH will never reach even a fifth of BTC.
It means there is direct competition between the two, as ASICs don't have to overhaul their hardware to switch to the more profitable coin, which will be BCH for the next two days.
Not saying they'll flip or anything, but it's beyond retarded to think all they share is a name.
They share an algorythm and have identical difficulty retargetting protocols, in addition to sharing a name.
How do people still not understand this debate?
It's been going on for years, it's like you mouthbreathers just got here yesterday.
Who is this white bitch?
t. Tyrone
listen to what  said,also, think rationally here,a lot of the money that came in driving BTC to new highs was due to people thinking they could get a guaranteed dump of "free money" by flipping one of the coins into the other and just adding a decent amount to their stack.also, it seems that this most recent run had a lot of institutional money coming in and bitcoin is really starting to gain more traction in the mainstream, specially when the potential bitcoin futures trading was announced, and when the segwit2x futures market opened.so most people and institutions are very careful with risk, and big players make longer term moves than the average individual.once you realize that you can see that most of the money in crypto moves from fiat or tethers to btc as the big player and most dependable project, and that altcoins are ignored quite a bit because they are a lot more risky, because the market moves so quick, and because there is such a small percentage of new coins that have potential and will actually go anywhere.
so instead of trying to figure out which little player will manage to make something of itself enough to be worth the risk is much less appealing than making moves on the jugernaught that is BTC.it's like with every major technological revolution, once the steam engine started to prove itself, most people were building steam engines instead of looking for alternatives.
The internal combustion engine was then a modification of the steam engine and once that (and the automobile) gained traction, the vast majority of people were building conventional ICE's and refining it.
in comparison, no other form of engines or power generation came to dominate.
even now we still use steam for most of our energy production, and ICE's for most smaller scale energy production.
now looks at electricity and the lightbulb, and how long it took for led's to come around, and also with computers, etc.
timing and first mover advantage is HUGE
What you get for being a filthy altcoiner.
Get wrecked.
4294762so now that s2x was cancelled, most of the money that came in in the past month or two that only really cares about btc and minimizing risk is deciding to cash out into fiat and either take some small profits or minimize loss.there is a good portion that are now turning to other coins giving the alt market a decent bump, but with btc drama ongoing, the fallout is still settling and opportunists are looking at other avenues to take advantage of something in the BTC family, like bitcoin gold, or bitcoin cash, or other major players in the alt field, mostly within the top ten.if BTC continues to call past the support at 6.5k and 6k then we'll really start to see alts movethis is because one the bear market is officially established the people interested in crypto as a whole are going to be shoving money into alts fueling the development of new tech and solutions, also once bitcoin losses some of the spotlight when it goes down, people will start to realize to potentials of the new players and of altcoins and the companies associated en masse and should flood into a least a handful of promising alts.
the tricky thing is figuring out which ones most people will turn to and getting a good position when they are still relatively low.however, the earlier you try to make this judgement/call the more risk there is of picking the wrong one.everything is about risk/reward, timing, market psychology etc.it's not magic money anymore, it's starting to get real here
you will never lick her buttholewhy live lads?
they have the exact same history from 2009-2017 fork..do you consider your twin a stranger?
they also have only one developer and he is literally weev-tier
D.Va pumping is korean's largest crytocurrency pumping community.This is telegram room.
Free of charge.
This is no ordinary pumping room.
This is a room of informing all members by signaling after securing highly classified informations.
t.me/DvaPump
twitch titty and ass streamerstpeach