>shituation getting intense at bitthumb HAHAHAHA THEY'RE GOING TO COURTBCRASH WILL NEVER RECOVER
Jihan Wick is about to rape them all
I invested so much money in bitcoin cash... i think im gonna be sick....
APOLOGIZE
AHAHAHAHAHABITCOIN CASH IS FUCKNIG FINISHED YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA HOW BAD THIS SHIT IS
What's going on?
Is it because they pumped BCH?
The BCH PnD in Korea was illegal.
Many normies got fucked over hard.
Well done Rodger and Jihan, Satoshi's vision my fucking ass
they did it when the korean financial watchdog wasnt active, on a fucking sunday.
they thought they will succeed.
jihan Wu fucked them so hard with this.
Any link to the news?
WTF all crypto is a pump and dump, they just now figured this out?
these korean must hate Roger Ver more then the biz annons who lost all their money on the BCH pump and dump, haha!
Probably because their exchange crashed and went offline RIGHT as the dump happened, meaning all the Koreans lost money and everyone on the western exchanges was able to dump on time.
This is really not uncommon for koreans.
When they encounter problems caused by the company, they will go to their office and complain or shout.
Nexon had a lot of these over the years.
One even driven a car in their office.
except what they did was painfully obviously illegal and now the government watch dog will step in, they are honestly FUCKED.
They tried to pull this shit on a sunday when the big eyes of the law werent on themHAHAHAHAHHA
No what I only mean is koreans going to a company office to complain.
Korea's FSC is investigating the wash trading and other market manipulation on their markets.
BCH is literally rat poison in Korea
How do you know everything in detail?
of course of course at the same time bittumb is honestly fucking finished.
they peaked yesterday now will go the way of the dodo.
i don't see that much facts here
can you give me anything that shows that trading on sunday is illegal ?
I follow twitter autistically and korean/jap friends in trading chat feeding me info, they're literally going down to the bittumb to take pics at all the angry people hahahaha.
>b-b-but all that volume was just gooks being ahead of the curve predicting a flippening the lower races couldn'tFucking rekt!
post pix when they become available / post your twitter sources, this is interesting to me
that isnt the point, they did an illegal pump and dump when government wasnt watching, bitthumb is involved on a huge scale, they're so fucked.
exactly
WE WON MONEY BACK!YOU SAID WE GONNA BE LICH!BUY BCC YOU SAID!
AMASS VAST LICHES YOU SAID!WHERE LICHES NOW?
MONEY GONE NO LICHES!
SCAM!
They pump every coin that listed, though
ye, pls post some screenshots or something with some substance.
proof.very interesting if true.
BEND THE KNEE MOTHERFUCKERSALL HAIL KING BTC
did bitthumb encourge people to do it?
did these people know they could sell it, when it peaked?
hahahahaha
Holy shit, BCC faggots BTFO.
Get in the BTC moon ride before it's too late.
10k by December
>Scamming gooks fall to the superior BWC once againhttps://youtu.be/KwIe_sjKeAY
433905843391314339351the absolute state of core/blockstream cucksyou guys are truly pathetic
and bch bag holders are ready to dump, i see a candle poking, and its not up :^)
implyingwho cares?
you cucks are desperate and using every single straw man and ad hominem you can find because in the end you're losing the technical debate and that's all that matters.BTC was co-opted by a bunch of greedy fucks and BCH is the true bitcoin.
you don't need to trust jihan, chinks, that cunt roger ver to be able to use BCH and see it TRULY is the true bitcoin.
you can't pump and dump something with a 20bil market cap.
you fucks are delusional and it will be fun to see the flippenning.
this /pol/ speak is disgusting
we're not desperate.
we're just having a jolly good time laughing at you morons who honestly, seriously expected a "flippening" :^)
fucking cunts made me loose 50% in the space of 5 minutes, hope the chinks take them to the cleaners
i don't even go to /pol/, sorry i'm ruining your boogeymanhave you seen the number of uncomfirmed tx BTC has?
have you seen the average fee?
what do you think will happen the NEXT time BCH becomes more profitable to mine?
you can't pump and dump something with a 20bil market capwell, they did
BCH has zero adoption its all fucking whales, it will never hold its price.
Text book pump and dump charts too.
>all those newcoiners BTFOHope you guys learn a valuable lesson in crypto: Bitcoin ALWAYS wins
decentralized marketHow you know what that means
4340375BCH is literally gaining adoption right now because it actually confirms transactions.yes, price is very overbought atm, but it will correct and will keep on rising.
stay mand and in denial corecucks.
Ugh, I know.
Everytime I come here I'm like: Guys, can we please tone down the racism, sexism, anti-semitism, homo - and transphobia, xenophobia etc.But this is 4chan, so most people don't tend to listen to reason around here.
*sigh* This is why I mostly use reddit these days.
There the mods actually do something against racism, hare speech and problematic opinions.
Maybe you should just stick to reddit as well until the government has found a way to actually enforce hate speech laws effectively on the internet.
Otherwise you're just fighting an uphill battle against the neverending tide of problematic internet-racists.
core cuck?
seriously nigger enough with the buzz words.
If anything my biggest bag is ETH
>have you seen the number of uncomfirmed tx BTC has?
have you seen the average fee?
what do you think will happen the NEXT time BCH becomes more profitable to mine?
"Profitability" means nothing when no one is adopting it for mainstream use.
And the reason that BCH doesn't have problems that BTC does is an illusion.
BCH wouldn't run into the same problems as BTC if it ever became as big because it doesn't have segwit.
It was only falsely marketed as such.
BTC team may be corrupt but BCH has NO team.
They have no roadmaps, no nothing.
reddit niggerfaggot
I can't wait until the government finds a way to remove libcucks who use the word "problematic" off the internet.
*BCH would run

don't forget arachnophobia.... :(
nice b8
Nice bait.
the reason this is happening is the bithumb managed to get "ddosed" at the exact time BCH hit its ATH, then the price crashed 50% within a few minutes, all the koreans/chinks influxed to bittrex which then shit itself along with Kraken and others, this shit was unprecedented.
lel kys faggot
ugh ikr
I really hope this is a troll.
If not you must be the biggest newfag of all.
cool it with the racist remarks or you'll end up in britbong jail>captcha: bingham
Leftist faggots>The only thing that's worse than chink miners playing games and threatening investor confidence in crypto
literally couldn't give a shit either way, held my BCH from the fork so just enjoying the show
43404574340491There's no way you're this autistic, like genuine aspergers
aspergers is a light form of autism you autist.
they probably just have regular autism.
nice pasta anon
AIGOOOOOOO
is everyone on /biz/ new to this site?
jesus.
Stupid right wing nationalists
see you at $400 again

Jihan WickIs there some meme I'm missing here?
Psychopats going to court.
WHat if you get banned first from usa, then russia, then japan, then korea?
Feeling comfy with my altcoins...
Coinbase, Kraken and Bitfinex go down alomst everytime when there are big moves in the market.
As if that never happend before.
that little onemy fucking sides anon
Gee, i wonder who would ddos exchange with most normies trading bch..(hibt:not the ones who dumped on other exchanges)
This is the level of fud blockstream is now spreading.
They're getting desperate that their Blockstream Coin will die and SegWit and LN propriety layers will not become epic cash cows for the company.
The sooner you realize that core devs o ly care about their employer's profits, the better
Its just a new coiner next to hodler from 2011
It's not like Blockstream never DDoS'd anyone before, right?
Especially not Bitcoin XT nodes back when it was going to overtake Blockstream Coin..
yeah but bithumb claimed they got ddosed and ip range banned lots of western countries when they came back up, not that i believe any of that, its just what they stated happened.
4340722the DDoS attack was brief, it can be anyone...... as well as core/blockshit whatever
tfw u go to jail for getting scared of spider :(
So does ether, doge, LTC lol.
these guys changed a CONSTANT and it's much better?
ok
fucking amazing.
/biz/ makes the best content on this site
Literally every alt is better than BTC at the moment.
So why do you keep defending BTC.
Nobdy uses BTC but it has value because it is BTC.
Doesn´t make sense
450x437>.jpgKBWhy would you do this?It physically hurts
Go back to /g/
You must be truly retarded then
remember, buy when people think its dead, sell when when it pumps(target BCH -0.05 and below)

holy shit these poor koreans thought they were buying bitcoin
Why do Koreans like Bitcoin Cash so much?
Is it because they eat dogs?
Nice bait fagHere's your (You)
I think it's because they eat cats
Man I hated fighting those units.
Them and upgraded beholders would fuck your shit up
Reeeee
shituation getting intense at bitthumb Well it fucking bloody damn well should, shouldn't it?
Well at least it's not as embarrassing as the Mt Gox protestor.>that frappaccino
Thanks.
It has already gotten a ton of (You)s but an extra one is always appreciated.
this is the one and only truth.
Took me 4 years to learn it
how does Bitcoin win again?
High Fees, 100k+ unconfirmed transactions, or is it the 2 hour confirmation times.
I bet that reallllllly brings in the adopters right?
The future of money is $100+ fees and 5 hour confirmations.
ROFL my stomach hurts from laughing at you BTC FAGS
This is fucking it.
I'm paying 1 BTC or BCH for Roger Vers and Jihan Wu's current residence address.
We(DarkAmy) don't fuck around.
there are no transactions for it to confirm.
You deserved to lose all your money
This is the email they sent me
BTC will teach you as it taught me.
all will bend the kneeALL will bend the knee
I would love it if someone took out those horrible narcissistic cunts.
They have caused irrevocable damage to the industry.
They have put off a bunch of newbies for life and stole a lot of peoples savings.
I never fell for their lies but I know a lot of people here did.
Hey faggot.
How about this.
BTC Has been the only reliable store of value in crypto for as long as the space had a tangible market cap.
It is clunky and slow, but as a reserve currency it doesn't need to be fast.
It needs to store value.Want fast?
Transact in DGB or LTC.
Want smart contracts?
ETH, UBQ, EXP, NEO, ETC are all waiting for you.
Want shitcoins?
BIZ has plenty.
Store of value?
BTC all day baby.
This.
If the fastest Crypto should be the leading crypto there are hundreds of ALTS that are 10 times better then Bcash.
So you faggots think digibyte should have a higher market value then BCH and BTC?
Do not worry fellow anon.
The DarkArmy is taking care of them.
We do not make compromises and do not tolerate such behaviour.Our agents have been dispatched to over 13 countries and are using their HUMINT sources to track them down soon.Do not expect mercy from us.
BTC is only n1 because it is by far the oldest.
And it only became valuable because you were able to do transactions.
Now that you can´t BTC is loosing market share to every other shitcoin
>Fomo into a chinese scam coin>Get angry when get scammedreally made me think
 i want to buy coffeelul
I really hope you are not LARPING as this would be magical.
This would destroy crypto.
You better believe the alphabet agencies would crack the fuck down on our play time when people start publicly murdering crypto figureheads.
New tech devs?
Fuck no I don't wanna die.It would be horrendous for all of us if this shit happened, be smarter.
Bitcoin will always win.
I already learned that lesson this last month.
supposedly the exchange is/was used by the chinese to loophole the current ban.
Core cucks are getting desperate.
seeing bch coin sliding doesnt concern me.
problematic opinions
somebody is going to get killed over this
I don't get it
It's fucking bullshit.
The flippening was imminent until the fucking crash.
Make no mistake Bithumb was DDSOSed by core cucks.
LMAO thanks anon you just brightened my day
lmfaoooooooo
muh flippening was imminent!
!>one corrupt chink exchange goes offline during the pump>it instantly crashesbcash tears are fucking delicious.
govt will investigate>what is decentralized currency
super b8
you have nobody to blame but yourself for buying high and selling lowmaybe you should have just held
it dropped 50% within 5 minutes flat because of some insider shadyness, nobody could have timed that,the buy high sell low meme doesnt really apply in this case.
Segwit is a poison pill, and you're wrong about everything else
You do realize that this lawsuit is good for bitcoin cash right.
The argument is that they crashed the exchange to dump the price, which means that people who bought into bitcoin cash are the ones suing, and are going to get more money to increase the price of bitcoin cash.
Do you actually not have a brain?
hare speechFuck off furfag
It's funny, building efficient ASICS with an "exploit" and trying to massively pump a coin to attract investors is scummy but DDOSing exchanges or censoring reddit posts is part and parcel for the "respectable" core crowd.
this isnt reddit, faggot
SegWit adoption went up, but now has gone back down to zero.
No one uses it.
How is it an exploit if everyone can do it?
Assuming all things equal everyone would be mining in the same proportions.
Ahh that makes a lot of sense actually.They eat dogs too.
Cringy af
How does this illustrate a server outage?
all these (You)s from pol tier bait wtf biz
Starting a fund to send ninjas to jihan and crew, send btc to 1tYtQ622Lmry7t2L1xuFA94y8PsDu6PrW
It's pretty obvious where he is for anyone that knows Shibuya.
get dumped on fgts enjoy your btrash bags
that imageTopkek
I think this is also Shibuya, weirdly.
A nice tip even though you don't deserve it: Don't go to sleep over the next 12 hours and rethink what you said while watching what is about to happen during those hours.
they just got in last month.
first lesson
its mooning kek
Ok that's not bad
lulz, tell that to the people who had bitcoin in mt.
goxthis lawsuit will bring to light exactly what happened with this orchestrated pump.
cryptocurrency lawsuits are good for bitcoin
It's more like a lawsuit against whoever is responsible for the exchange going down, or the exchange itself if it is liable for losses due to not adequate protecting itself against ddos while being an exchange.
ror
Western exchanges went down too.
So not sure what youre talking about.
I would have dumped those nutty .4's if i could have.
took 19 mins to get 3 confirms on my BTC transactions 40 minutes ago.
SegWit adoption went up, but now has gone back down to zero.
No one uses it.I just used it, adoption is at 12%.
Shit.. Kraken goes down like every hour.
Can I sue them?
This is where regulation starts.
That's what happens when you buy baby's first crypto currency without thinking about the longevity of it
Unacceptable.
MINERS ARE SWITCHING BACK TO BCH, I REPEAT, MINERS ARE SWITCHING BACK TO BCHhttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
go to starbucks to order coffee>how will you be paying?
we take bitcoin now btw>oh wow ok I'll pay with btc here you go minutes pass>ok your payment went through here is your covfefe>it's room temperature
and there are people that seriously think the world is just going to switch from bitcoin to this chinky pump and dump political fork token?you're never, ever, going to make it.
ass burglars in paradise
Bitcoin has 1MB Bitcoin Cash has 8MB which is more and therefore better.