Is this a safe hold or should i go with eth
ltc is kill
just blow your load into 20 good coins
Dash and monero is your two moon tickets.
once the BCH craze dies out LTC is your ticket
Holy fuq quick rundown on dash
I'm all in On LTC as of yesterday.
yeah its safe
being real anon, LTC isnt where id sit this out, xmr has predictable spikes that you can get out on for a profit but do your DD dont take my wordalso come pump, starts in 30 minhttps://discord.gg/gh8kQB
been through rebrandings to whitewash reputation>artificial low liquidity due to masternode scheme, early adopters are the bankers who have a large effect on dictating the price>heavily shilled in some circlesit's a tricky one, i don't bother with it but good gains are to be had since it isn't correlated with much
Thanks, good post.
I like monero because it has a purpose, do you have a gestalt on xmr too?
XMR and ETH are better bets for sure.The honest truth is though I don't think any alt will be protected in the aftermath of this shit show.
Expect massive capital flight tomorrow when professional investors come back from the weekend.
We might be going into a true bear market.
How about ZEC?
Also consider buying GRS and VTC.
There is a decent chance the fallout from this miner fueled drama will result in a pump for asic resistant coins.
"infinite coins" fud keeps retards away but the emission curve is going to reach a critical slowdown here in the coming quarters>preferred in the black market, can check normie dark web gateways like /r/darknetmarkets to see guides illustrating how to use>mined by CPUs and GPUs instead of high entry cost specialized rigs>inflation at a certain point will likely not even surpass the amount of lost monero because people are dumb and being the most useful transactionally for privacy reasons, more will inherently get lostcons:>rebranded once from bitmonero>impossible to tell the wealth distribution or do blockchain analytics on that could be useful for tradingfrankly I like gridcoin but it lacks volume and liquidity, as in it needs more shills and people who demand a "proof of useful work" scheme.
Once the network on it gets expanded by removing the team requirement, it'd equivalent to a block halvening times 100.
Plus it has PoS.
Currently needs more diversity in the nodes securing the network.
Inflation % is highly sustainable given that it would only take a couple thousand USD per day to buy up all newly minted coins and would hang somewhere around $2 if it saw the attention of decred/monacoin.
Downside is that it does not seem to have been included on upbit.
>Ripple had its pump>BTC and BCH pumping your mother like no tomorrow>ETH swing trade from 270-320 for 40 days>This fucking coin flat $50 for 4 monthsFuck you Charlie Lee.
Fuck your stability.
Fuck your shitty meme coin and its inability to catch up with the market.
You deter people away from buying because you try to be a fucking white knight and no big fish wants to swim in the peoples coin
If you want chaos there are 100 other coins you can lose your money on.
Atleast you can sleep at night in LTC.
Safe to go back in btc yet or not yet
This.
Everyone here is talking about Satoshis vision.
But Bitcoin was never meant to replace the stock market, it was meant to replace currency.
No one is going to use Bitcoin if its so unstable.