Bittrex, 0.25% trading fee.Binance 0.050% fee using BNB to pay fees.Has great coins Bittrex doesn't.Adds coins quicker than Bittrex.This is objectively the greatest exchange ever, Bittrex BTFO.
Keep using binance if you like getting bent over amd taking whale dick by all the bots manipulating prices
There are bots on every exchange, idiot.
retard
4496911Moved over from Shitrex a couple months ago and haven't looked backThe only thing that I miss is conditional orders
They'll definitely add conditional orders at some ponit.
I think Steve (on the binance reddit) confirmed this, not positive
They're improving the site every month.
Not long until they have every feature Bittrex has and then some.
I mean, they've already got the advanced trading view.
It's so nice.
>binance>trading without margin and leverageahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
How do you set stop-losses on Binance?
I can't see the option anywhere.
I moved half my stack to Binance a couple days ago.
Do you get used to their site and charts?
This shit is confusing compared to bittrex but at least they add new coins.
why can i only trade whole numbers on binance?
Cause Binance is run by chinks, duh.
You'd have a point if bittrex had these.
There are no exchanges that add altcoins in a reasonable time period that allow margin trades.
A sell order
>First entered Binance on August to do some NEO arbitrage>Sent some ETH>Bought NEO, sent only back to Bittrex to test, took an hour or two>Worst arbitrage ever>Had NEO stranded in this new exchange>Saw two coins I had heard before on /biz/ but never really paid attention: GAS and BNB>Went 50/50 with my remaining NEO>Days later 10x gains>MFWThat's how I fell in love with Binance, thank you based chinks
advanced view is so nice to see both charts (btw it saves your tools as you move from chart to chart) and you can easily see orderbook depth at a glance.
I hate using buttrex nowalso, nice digits
4496996they'll be adding all these features.BNB will also moon like fuck when Binance becomes #1 exchange.
Get in or stay poor.
ohhh nooo muh botzbots aren't bad.
they can be tricked and manipulated.
they also help stabilize prices between exchanges.
wat if the chinese hack into our american wallets and our funds disapear off the exchange?
im paranoid about shit like that
keep funds in cold storage.
no exchange is safe.
dont get goxed.
anything you're holding should be in a wallet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDrfE9I8_hsI don't use them because China.
That's the part that I worry about.
Basically zero accountability in a market where accountability is already so rare.
It's a shame because I really like their platform, but I'm using exchanges much less these days anyway.This but also this Bots are pretty rampant on binance but they're predictable.
If you watch the books long enough you can see exactly what they're doing/what direction they're going in and exploit it.
Is BNB like USDT?
I use binance.All i can say is that its all fun and games until you have to call their support for a delayed deposit
makes me round off order amounts
they just listed zcoin
no.
Fucking thisI have dust amounts of about 20 coins in there and it's fucking with my autism
Just use GDAX and only invest in BTC and ETH and enjoy 0% fees as long as you buy and sell using limits, which is easy as fuck to do.
Otherwise, enjoy paying your retard free to invest in Pajeet's new altcoin of the week.
Because gdax has 0% maker fees
Because Binance can't handle 8 digits and steal my dust.
how the fuck do you use google authenticator?
it just tells me binding failed every time
I went Coinbase => Bittrex and recently gave Binance a try, but it's so ugly and clunky and it throws unnecessary charts in my face every half-inch.
Bittrex is clean/crisp/intuitive.
That might be familiarity speaking, but meh.
Decided to just not buy WTC (the only reason I decided to check out Binance).
Its alright but a little volatility and it fucking crashes and makes you loose out on gains therefore its shit
Cobinhood 0% trading fees
Binance looks like a nice exchange at the first glance.UNTIL YOU LOOK AT THE FUCKING DECIMALS WHEN MAKING ORDERSSOME COINS DON'T EVEN HAVE ANY, WHILE OTHERS HAVE NO MORE THAN TWOTheir statement "You cannot make orders with such small fractions, but you can withdraw them.
"WELL FUCK YOU BECAUSE THAT'S LITTERALY THE PRIMARY PURPOSE AN EXCHANGE SHOULD FUCKING SERVE.If I make a sell order of 99.999999 LTC then 0.0999999 LTC are gonna stay in my fuckin wallet because some programmer can' fucking implement this