Guys buy Bitcoin!Only $0.55 and can easily x2 in a few years!
Dude that's 100% an ponzi!
Look it up on wikipedia, you will lose your money!!
If you want to invest money go to your bank and let them advise you
wtf?
A 'coin' you can't touch?
Imaginary!!!!
Scam
I sure Obama and Hillary get that Gaddafi!
hope*
Where can I buy this "Bitcoin" and what does it actually do?
this will literally not exist in another 2 years
Just bought 1000 BTC.
Going to lock them up and hold for 6 years.
Hoping to sell them for a few bucks each at least.
Seems to have some utility since you can buy drugs and illegal shit with them anonymously so I guarantee it'll take off at some point.
Nice thread
I'll probably get some at some point.
Nice just bought 100k
I'm going to buy some I think, I'll buy ~100 and store them on mt.gox, because they seem trusted.See you in a couple of years!
If you were wondering, that was literally me in 2011.
Still wanna hang myself.
Hey, guys!
I'm totally not going to get fired from my easy job, so I will get a gf and be built before I turn 30.
haha, go away with your shitcoin you fucking pajeet, you probably want to dump your bags that you bought at ATH.
So true it hurts
This thread makes me depressed
I like these two towers here.
I heard you can mine it by allocating some resources of your computer.But I need all my resources to play some chinese MMORPG, so I'll mine that shit later.
Hey my dudes.
I'm feeling hungry.
Anyone want to sell me a pizza?
I'll pay 10,000 bitcoins for one.
No tip ?
goddamit
scam 100%invest in stocks
OP nobody in 2011 you stupid newfag>It was "why don't you fags mine Bitcoin ?
It'll be huge in few years !"
I tried to buy some but fuck it's too complicated, call me back when these niggers make it easier
fucking fuck i hate transaction fees, 100btc cost me $550 at 7/11at least i'll have some dank weed
is Bitcoin just used for deep web shit?
Who is Dread Pirate Roberts?
Any threads from 2010?
I remember poorfags begging on /b/ at the time, but I wasn't paying much attention
GUYS GET THE FUCK OUTDONT BUY NOW AT AN ATHITS JUST A PAJEET COIN
GOXED
tfw bought at $0.05 and sold at $0.50Easy fucking money, no way it's going any higher then this.
using my graphics card to mine bitcoin is kinda nifty
Fuck your darknet scam, everybody check out this video hahaha!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfVsfOSbJY0
Did /biz/ actually shill crypto back back in 2011 to any degree?
If so, did most people think it was a scam?
?
Too late, normies are here, sell!!
it was just 0.12$ a week ago, im not buying at an ath.
hears about Bitcoin in an articleInteresting.>closes article>watches random YouTube videos>forgets about itTrue story.
They did.
Mostly on /g/ talking about CPU/GPU mining and stuff.
Shit was cash back then.
But nobody bothered to listen, incl me.Afaik biz don't exist yet on 2011, correct my if im wrong tho
no one will pay 1 dollar for a memecoin
MODS BAN THESE FUCKING SHITCOIN THREADS
I didn't browse /biz/ back then but /b/ threads didn't contain much shilling; mostly fags looking for handouts because you couldn't mine or buy it so easily.
internet money>almost worth as much as a dollarlol nice bubble retards
Hello I'm from the future.
Donald Trump will be president of the United States and Osama Bin Laden will be found and killed this year but also it will be revealed that he's a huge weeaboo and fapped to hentai and played Video Games all day.
Naruto will get a sequel anime about his son called Boruto and /a/ will love it.
Also the United States will allow gay marriage countrywide.
Hollywood will be revealed to be a huge pedo ring and people will consider Fox News as serious news outlet and CNN as what people currently view Fox News.
Bitcoin will be worth nearly 8000$ buy now or cry later.
Everything I say is true.
I was around in those times.
Never believed in Bitcoin and still don't, but knew it had the likelihood of being the largest pump and dump in history.
Just never had the means of investing.
Bought 100 at one point, but then cancelled the order because I decided renting a car to get a job was smarter, that way I could accumulate and have something to do in the mean time.
Turns out the job was not paying shit, Bitcoin went up to $200 immediately following, could've bought a car, but instead ended up with nothing.
Later that year I invest in some chink coin, have 40 btc worth, can't sell because suddenly no one wants to buy, crashes quickly and becomes 10 btc, I decide to invest in a bitcoin related business with it, it fails, I'm broke, Uber launches in my city, use parents car to drive, Bitcoin falls to $200 range, still keeping an eye on it but focusing on optimizing my Uber driving, I become mesmerized with how terrible Uber is running their company, suddenly but predictably they have to start cutting rates to keep people using their shit, but now all my plans are ruined to buy my own car, let alone invest in Bitcoin, fast forward 3 years later and I'm just here 30 years old living at parents house still laying in bed at 1 pm, I know what it's like to have financial success as I've had it in the past, I'm fully aware what I'm missing out on in life.
Yeah, that's all.
Oh, one Larry thing I've been keeping track of everyone and every thing that may have caused this to happen to me and my spirit will stalk them until the day they pay every last penny robbed from me.
This fucking timeline
If I saw this list presented to me in 2011 the thing I'd make the fun most of would be Naruto getting a sequel called fucking Boruto and the fact that anyone even would even think about it being popular in /a/.
Donald Trump>President choose one retard.
The dude is the most offensive idiot I ever met.
In 2011 I can hug my mom because she is still alive.
I would change all my BTC just to be with her again.Rember happy days anons.
Live your life regardless of your crypto gains/losses.
How was Trump offensive in 2011?
Just bought 90.
I’m selling as soon as it hits $1.00.
No way anyone would pay more than that for criminal internet money.this fucking clown You’re delusional
STFU Rosie you fat disgusting pig.
LMAO @ Bitcoinyou really think the government is gonna let you send money around the globe without them knowing?lmao no regulation?
i get the concept, but humans are savages.
stfu crooked hillary
Hollywood will be revealed to be a huge pedo ringFunny, because I've already known this in 2011.The Fox News and CNN flippening was an interesting thing to witness.
However, I wish people would stop taking either of them seriously.
Hillary?
Hillary Clinton?
Anyone really think she'll run again after being BTFO by Obama?
A literal monkey could win against her.
No thanks, its a scam, im better off investing in Bernie Maddoff's company, my friend is making a shitload every month.
That nigga in prison.
Where have you been in the past few years?
Have you heard of nine-eleven?
Ninth of 2011
no thanks, a fool and his money are soon parted and I'm not fool.
How can something I can't touch be valuable???
FFS to much internet for me, headed down to Tower Records to pick up the Eminem Album and maybe hit Boarders to get some books later.
Enjoy wasting your money Druggy
tfw remember back in 2011 when there was this stock market game at school and I suggested buying Google stocks and my classmates got fucking mad at me for even suggesting that and that I shouldn't listen to the technonerds that think Google is gonna be big because it's literally just a website worth nothing and doesn't even sell anything and isn't a real company like say car manfracturersI learned back then to never listen to normies.
im proud to be a cuck
normies today>buy google, it's a real profitably company>don't buy cryptos, they don't produce any value it's literally just 1s and 0s
fuck you all... this thread hurts my soul
delet this
Reminder BTC was impossible to buy until 2014/2015 unless you knew someone in China or Japan
4363699

FUCKING DELET
google was already massive and a global household name in 2011, stocks couldn't have been so cheap then
wow neat let me just buy ten of them for the lulzBackup my wallet?
lol it's only 5 bucks I don't actually give a shit
This.
>implying 001011011 is a means of exchange>implying it wont get hacked and subsequently lose any and all credibilityInvest in amazon fgt
normies today>buy telsa!
I'm a genius for thinking of this!
>Have fun losing all your money by buying imaginary internet money!
why would you make this thread
Hahaha didn't that guy pay 10,000 bitcoins for a pizza a few years ago?
What an idiot, if only he had held, he could have $5,500 now!
This
Interesting.
You may be onto something here but I think I'll wait another six years and see if it gains some traction.
it's probably spyware lol>tfw this is literally what I thought and why I didn't bother with it back in 2010
no it wasn't you fucking dotard
Real talk, I was under the impression the Pizza purchase is what made Bitcoin explode in value.
Am I wrong?
People actually thought it could go $10k or $100k back then too.
Only retards didn't and still don't.Those who understood it understood how revolutionary it was.
>be me, 2011>decide that buying drugs with bitcoins and selling the drugs is a good way to make money>end up doing all the drugs and not making any moneywhy didnt I just keep the fuCKING BITCOIN
The stuff he said about obama and the birth certificate
Hmmm oh wow you mean the circulation is hard caped at 21 million.
I'm pretty sure scarcity is the most important thing for a bubble asset.
I better buy some tomorrow, time to go to bed now....
I was on bitcointalk in early 2011 for a few months and I really dont remember much talk about price speculation.
A lot of it was more based on the technology.
Biz didn't exist back then.
It was pretty much >Imaginary money lelOn /g/
My Canadian/communist friend Vitalik is still in grade school and loves playing wall ball
Du fuq?
I was legitimately going to pull up a snapshot of /biz/ from then but can't...Archive.org don't want anyone to see 4chan's history...
I wonder why?
the good old daysi really wish the bitcoin community could go back to that :(
Haha look, you also get this imaginary money for free, why would someone ever pay for this crap?
!Not even worth the time solving that captcha
Hey guys I have access to a free power supply and a pallet of working computers I bought at an auction for $10.
I heard about this mining thing, but it seems really complicated.
My computers won't just print money by solving "hard problems" right.I'll just play WC3 on lan with them.
Did you get money from early signature campaigns?I made like 20 BTC.
No fucking idea how im going to explain to the (((Taxman))) how I made a couple million dollarinos once BTC reaches 6 figures within the next decade and I want to buy some real state with it.
Bitcoin more like Buttcoin amiriteLmao
Seriously though, look at the way it's structured.
A mystery founder owns something like a million bitcoins.
There's nothing stopping him unloading these at any time.
It's a classic setup for a Ponzi scheme and I'm sorry for if you can't see it.
It's not even worth buying spending a hundred dollars on.
Sure, right now it's toying with reaching 1 USD, but I guarantee once it does this Satoshi guy is dumping everything he has for a quick profit.
Screencap this.
Just installed some program for 'mining'I hear I can get paid for providing my computational power.However, interface is contrintuitive.
I've had this program launched for hours, but still haven't figured out, how and when I receive moneys.
All I've seen is just this program spurting out some random text.This bitcoin mining is too complicated to bother.
Also, I hear you can spend bitcoins only for drugs in USA, so I will miss nothing by uninstalling this 'miner'.
This.Installing a mining program felt exactly like giving my computer aids.
It had all the attributes of wishmaster: exe, free money, need internet connection, downloading a massive file