Time to dump your bags, faggots.
It's pumping
Dumping my future lambo?What are you, lunatic?
finallyfucking finallynot selling till 5k tho
you guys think itll go back down?
i kinda want to dump and re buy.
ofcourse, this small pump is due to friday tiny useless update.
after that again dump
It's not gonna dump until Friday's update and if colossus release date is announced maybe not even then.
I dumped mine a couple for more hours ago thinking I could rebuy cheaper because I was expecting btc to go up again and cause this to go down.
Now this is pumping RIGHT THE FUCK AFTER I sold my shit and I'm starting to feel like I made a mistake.
I really.hope now that btc is going up req will sink back down.
I'm starting to feel like I made a mistake.you did
Is it too late to kill myself?
Fuck I'm going to be posting pink wojaks.I was iron fisted through everything until I decided to risk it all for potentially 10-15% more with this quick trade.
Why am I retarded.
great potential, never cracked ico prices...this will see a 5x pump eventually it won't take much, just move like 75% to a wallet and trade with the rest so it doesn't matter if you get burned
This is why you HODL legit projects.
Remember OMG?
Was a sleeper for like a whole month then BOOM.
lol.
it will back to .045 after friday useless friday update
t. hurrr durrr, i sold my REQ too early
4516673yeah youre playing with fire when you gamble with your holdsit might dip back to 700 later tonight or tomorrow
I know that...
I just watched as REQ went up and down for so long and with btc about to go up I thought I could sell my req and it would drop with btc rising again so I could buy back cheaper.
I was right about btc rising but think I fucked up with thinking req would go down.I can buy back it but fuck that.
I'm bitter.
I'll check things out again in the morning and if it hasn't dropped I'll decide what I'm going to do.
Product update tomorrow.
Expecting another boost.
Still early brofag.
This will continue to pump until news.
If it's positive this moons.
If not then back to sub ico price.
I sold my LINK yesterday just before it spiked.
Shitty feeling, but it happens.
I'm resisting the urge to FOMO back into LINK - I'm confident it will start dropping again once the FOMO wears off and it resumes its gradual decline.I'm less sure about REQ though - if the news is good tomorrow it will get another pump.
Then again, we could see the typical "sell the news" theme play out and you might get a good entry tomorrow afternoon.
Source?
You mean source for news?
Tomorrow is the Friday update.