What is the difference between BTC, BCH and Bitcoin Cash?Are these actually 3 different crypto currencies.
BCH/BCC is Bitcoin CashBTC is BitcoinThey are two different crypto currencies fighting for the title of true "Bitcoin"
strong first post
Can we safely assume at this point, that BTC is the real thing?Everywhere i go, BTC is traded, not the other stuff.
no, you need monero to get lsd
What is the name of that hunk?
chuck basher, there are some good sets online.
no homo
Not even gay but would let this guy pound my soft twink butt hard.
When I become crypto rich will my body transform into that?
Another question.As BTC is fluctuating like crazy every few hours, wouldnt it be possible to make alot of money, by buying at lows and selling at highs, gaining small amounts of BTC every month?Anything that could go wrong here?>buy BTC at 7124€>check price rate>its now 7344€>sell it>wait until it drops again to 7124 or lower>buy some
woops forgot picnah u just need 20$ for the gym
When did /biz/ become /fit/Just the other day there was an invasion of /pol/ tards.
Now this.
Disgusting
BCH is 3 months old and is decentralized, not controlled and censored by Blockstream core.
BCH has five different development teams working on improving the coin, and anyone can contribute.In 3 months BCH:> Blew pass Ethereum> Destroyed BTC's volume> Made every altcoin RED, the entire market was bleeding except for BCH> Gained $30B in 3 daysMore trading pairs will be added, and once that's done, it's game over for BTC as there would no longer be any use case for it.
Nothing, good strategy.
That's how the pros trade.
That is what is called day trading.
Theoretically yeah you could make a lot of money but you can't predict the future.
When you buy it might go down considerably and not come back for the next week or so.
This is a really volatile market and even those who do all their research and carefully select what to invest in are only a small length ahead of those of us (like me) who question nothing and keep buying.
The problem is you can't time the market, son.It could go that way, but it could also go like this:>Buy at 7124>Sell at 7344>It suddenly jumps to 7440
Doesn't matter though.You still make a profit in your example.Better to get off early than risk it all and lose it.
No one likes pol, but whats wrong with /fit/interesting.Do you know what i could do about the buy/sell limits?
The website i buy from has a yearly limit of 4000€.
Which is obviously a joke.Do you know of websites that sell bitcoins, where you can reach an unlimited, or very high limit with ease?hmm lots of conflicting data, but thank you
More trading pairs will be added, and once that's done, it's game over for BTC as there would no longer be any use case for it.kekOP you need to be careful when going to this board.
Plenty of shills trying to sell their coins.The probability that BTC will be replaced by BCH is actually really weak .The fact that it had a pump this month doesn't say anything concerning its future.
Virtually all cryptos go through a similar phase.
thats true i guess.
Does it make sense that i would need some "back up " coins.Like>buy 2 bitcoins at 7124>sell one for 7344>suddenly jumps to 7440>no worries i still have my second coin that i can sell too.Honestly, i think this works if you actually have alot of bitcoin on hand.
Because sooner or later its destined to drop by some fair amount.
And even if you only gain ´50€ per trade, multiplie that by the amount of coins you have.>tfw everything is based on the amount of funds you have.
yeah i guess.
I think lots of people also just enjoy making people insecure about some currencies.Where do i have to go, what do i have to use to do fast daily trading?Currently it takes me an entire day to buy bitcoins, and 1-3 hours to send them.Not really efficient for day trading
4436363another thing.
Should one really aim for those daily fluctuations, or maybe even market price differences?The website i usually buy bitcoin from, has it at 6264 € per BTC.And when i go to plus500.com, i can sell 1 BTC there for 7730 €Which is insane
Welcome to jew casino big guy.
Remember to buy high and sell low.
6264 €yuros> 7730 €obviously $, you fucked up already