What do they know that we dont?
as I understand the rumors, the chinese miners are dumping BTC for BCH on Korean exchanges because they can no longer trade on chinese exchanges
WHICH WALLET SHOULD I USE DOTARDS!?
spend an hour on youtube so you undertandit's not like WHY DIGIBYTE MOONING sort of explanation
Nothing.
Just a PnD.
with a society so deep involved with the internet, maybe they see bitcoin as a good method for micropayments.
obviously bcore doesn't work for that.
BRUGERS GIVE KNOWLEDGE NOW!
Just a PnD.That's over 2 billion fucking dollars of volume?
Who the fuck can pump that much?That would make sense
$2 billion volume pump and dump.00000002 (((segwit coin)) have been deposited to your wallet
Chi zao tee bao wong tee maa!
LMAObotciin is way better than uir jihanshitWE'll rRECOVER and have am oon soon too.
daily volume equal to bitcoin is quite a pump and dump anon
4295286Have you never seen a PnD in crypto before?This happens all the time.
This is just a clearly organized one to push the BTC down so they can flip over and buy it for cheap.
flip over and buy it for cheapNo mate.
It's impossible to dump so much without crashing the price of BCH to oblivion before they sell even 10%.
They had to eat countless BCH sell walls on the way to 1k.
It wouldn't even be profitable.Instead, picture the following.Hello I am Jihan.
Let me tell you my story, friends.
Gather around the fire.>be me, master schemer, maxed out at cunning since birth>conspire with other big dick miner and pool oligarchs for concerted action>make them pretend to be on board with seg2x, then have them pull the rug out from under it right before the day of action>wait till the difficulty adjustment for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>accumulate more over months, leading to the 300-600 rise.>day of action>use rest of BTC to pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>cause cautious people to become afraid and sell their BTC for USD or ETH>cause opportunists to go hard into BCH>watch total uncomfirmed transactions on the BTC blockchain rise to a high level>when BCH has reached a high price and the market fears a flippening and is already in flight from BTC and my own BTC stores are low, take the ladder out from under BTC by putting all hash power on mining BCH so BTC networks stalls completely as if the massive transaction queue isn't already enough>cause flippening for real>make out of this with more than 14X gains on average because I also had those mining gains from back then and now they are tenfold valuable.>spin it all as being political and because BCH is the best bitcoinBiggest heist of all time.
Brilliant, genius.
I am best.
Or it's just a PnD, but REALLY cool copy pasta bro...... really.....
I hope BCH takes over mainly because I sold all my BTC left crypto and came back to a wonderful surprise of a full BCH wallet.Fashionably late worked out.
7 billion pump and dumpif this is somehow a coordinated pump e dump by the biggest whales on the market, they will crash everything when they sellwe are fucked either way, buy BitBean
thx for the yellow highlight OP, wouldn't have known what you meant in this jungle of letters and numbers
If you have even the slightest idea of the magnitudes involved and the barest capacity to do some intuitive napkin math in your head you'd realize it's impossible for this to work as a profitable pump and dump.
It won't take over but we can get a good pump tonight right?
I'm locked and loaded for a good 25% rush
Roger Ver and co are exit scamming BCrash before Coinbase allows more people to dump it further.
There's an ongoin spam attack on both here and on the mempool.
Pretentious anon faggot, can you link me to a telegram/discord that coordinated this pump?Was there like a pre-pump announcement, to get people RILED UP!
?> Warning!
Our next BIG MOON PUMP beings Oct 10 at 10 AM PST!!
!How many members are there in that Telegram Discord?
98864763768878776376476?
I'll just leave this here https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrNote the creation date.
Note segwit update ruse happened both in this text and in reality now in these couple of days.Not also that Jihan suddenly offers to only speed up BTC transactions for BCH.
Note that BCH has been accumulated at a slower rate for over a month while BTC was mooning.There is no way to win against the miner cabal in the BTC vs BCH war.
If Jihan has enough large scale miners and pool owners on board, something the cancellation of the NYC agreement and the massive amounts of money pumped into BCH indicates, BTC will lose.
They can also block any fork attempted on the BTC network they want because they can switch their mining power over and deny it.It's done, it's check mate.
Owae ma shindeiru.
BTC is a zombie.
Get out while you can.
If you want to stay out of the war or you're skeptical, buy ETH instead, but don't pretend this wasn't coming clear as day afterwards.
Owae ma shindeiru?
whups, not been sleeping for 48 hours due to this happening.I meant Omae wa mou Shindeiru it's a japanese meme derived from an ancient anime about a figher dude who walks around and is badass and when he kills people they often don't understand that they are already dead after he hits them and he tells them "you are already dead" and then suddenly they are in disbelief and then explode or some other nasty stuff.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MW0mDZysxc
They (the miners) are flipping this for real.
For now that is, they do not under any circumstances want BTC to completely go to zero since now with two extremely valuable sha256 coins they can switch their asic miners from one to the other depending on the yields.
Whatever arbitrary number they have picked you would have to ask their accountants for it, best outcome for them is to have two 5k$ Bitcoins.Also remember that when the blockchain fills up with transactions each mined block delivers a higher yield, so even with a 20% drop in price if the block is stuffed with transactions the tx fees are through the roof.
That's over 2 billion fucking dollars of volume?
Who the fuck can pump that much?gooks dont care if you fake volume on their exchanges

solid kek amigo'
Satanic trips confirm it
nice
lmao Luke Jr and his fanboys will push for a POW change
I dont know who that is or what that means, just trying to put myself into their devious flip flops
This is exactly what is happen
miners didn't kill segwit2x.
Core and the autistic neckbeard NO2Xer's did
luke jr is one of the most conservative core devs and supports an asic-resistant POW change
Nobody is selling, all dumpers dumped months agoKING C4$H
They're dumping BTC at ATH, cashing out, and getting back in the game at an ATL.
BCHC is going to take the #1 spot and grow back to Bitcoins prices wit a quickness and the miners are going to be laughing all the way to the bank.
Absolutely hilarious.
Dick licking faggot whales know better than to dump right now.
They know there are no suckers to buy back right now.
My chance to say "Fuck off Faggot Whales", and there's not a fucking thing they can do about it.
How does it feel to be powerless all of a sudden?
Faggots.
There are billions to be made before that ever happens, if he could ever gather enough support that is.
if he could ever gather enough support that is>if
Tradesatoshi thinking on open a BCH base market, its a little exchange but will be the first doing it, then the rest of exchanges will fallow
lol so basically the rulership of mining pool owners instead of mining pool owners + asic whales.POW "decentralization" is deluded.
There is never an incentive to keep the value of a coin if you can fuck over that coin and get value through mining on another network you pumped by fucking over that coin.Proof of workers, please take note of the miner politics unfolding, how easily miners can turn on bitcoin and gain money in the process.
Compare this to staking power where you can't block or decide how a network runs in a bad way for the network without literally destroying the value of your own money, nor hold it hostage with the threat of mining power withdrawal.
then the rest of exchanges will fallowno.
whatever the fuck tradsatoshi is, it's only considering it because it needs to drive traffic so it's a possible sweet gimmick to get the roger ver fanboys to visit.
NANI !!!?
if vitalik released PoS during this "will the real bitcoin please stand up" shitstorm it could unironically cause the flippeningalso >tfw when PoS was more secure for the ecosystem than PoW the whole time, satoshi did not anticipate the chinamen
D.Va pumping is korean's largest crytocurrency pumping community.This is telegram room.
Free of charge.
This is no ordinary pumping room.
This is a room of informing all members by signaling after securing highly classified informations.
t.me/DvaPump
BTC and ETH will be the winners at this year's end.also bitcoingold will be 1000 and BCH 500
Well as you know by now this is the first time i have heard of him.
I have no idea how influential he is, or you think he is.
In any case Chinaminers hold the means of production in a manner of speaking.Aldo people seem to forget what ASIC means which is: Application Specific Integrated Circuit.
If the application parameter changes they just design a new circuit.
Maybe not as powerful at first but we all know Moores law dont we.
satoshi did not anticipate the chinamenhe anticipated it constantly.
bcash fanboys are always throwing around the phrase "satoshi's true vision" but if you look at what the guy actually wrote his vision was for bitcoin to be tested, pricked, prodded and attacked repeatedly.
bch isn't some surprise out of nowhere.
Then nobody buys them because the value is much lower when it's uncertain how long you'll be able to keep using it.It's not like you can resell the old ones - who's gonna buy them?
Wait until the chinamen wake up
These moneyprinting machines probably do not cost more than 75$ to manufacture, selling them for 1700$+ is just a sidebusiness for the factory owners to buff their profitmargins.
These miners can easily absorb this cost of doing business
go back
Crypto is insane.
Ive seen a multibillion dollar pnd before with ripple.
Not saying this is that but I at least know to be wary.
5 billion Usd volume>clearly a result of shilling 4chans massive 5 billion net worth
Go fuck youre moms bobs and vagene
4296352filthy redditor pajeet
Close but no cigar.
The pump and dump will be cyclical, not just one run, on both BTC and BCH.
It is the litteral way of cashing all out.
Ver lives in Korea.