what is the USDT fudders end game?
they act as if there is a solution to USDT issues.
they come on biz everyday to fud USDT but they don't want to provide any solutions to it.
using a fiat exchange like gdax or geminiwow op, we did it
are you saying usdt only prints money on certain exchanges?
i dont get it lol
the state of this board.yes.
USDT is an ponzi scheme owned by bitfinex because reputable banks literally won't do business with them.
so they created the USDT token and tell people it's backed by some shady bank in taiwan.
other exchanges like bittrex and polo also use it so they don't have to deal with real money, licensing, and banking relationships.gdax and gemini deposit real dollars with bank wires and ACH transfers.
real USD.USDT is going to crumple any day now so you best get rid of it while you can.
thank you for answeringum could you tell me why jihan wu would ever retweet this?
jihan is all about manipulating prices and making all kinds of bull shit.
so when i saw him retweet this is kind of makes me skeptic on your claim.
what would be his gain off this?
oops wrong picture
Sure but Jihan has no connection to Tether, so its a market event he can't control.
Most people don't want black swan ponzi schemes to pop and crash the markets they are invested in, even if they are willing to themselves manipulate those markets often
all the crypto sites/blogs are writing articles about the USDT scam now, he's just tweeting a current news story
i've followed jihan for over a year and i don't think he has ever retweeted something randomly, if it did not help him whatsoever.
because of this i get pretty convinced everything he says has a lie behind it.
so i duno what to believe at this point.
never held any coins or usdt before but kinda spooked about starting crypto.
because every time btc drops and bch pumps bitfinex prints out more tether to pump btc and devalue bch.
https://news.bitcoin.com/hong-kong-bitcoin-businesses-are-frozen-out-of-banking/where do you think bitfinex is based out of?he's a total faggot along with all the other bitcoin talking twitter heads but he's not an idiot.
you're being played.
you're too busy hating a dumb chinaman when you should be worrying about this front page story and how badly the tether implosion will affect the rest of the market.