THE NORTHERN SENTINALESE ARE WAKING UP!
It must be so confusing for these guys, watching choppers and shit fly past every day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aV_850nzv4
What if they're the only biologically immortal humans and we'll never know because we leave them alone and thy leave us alone
I wonder what it would take for them to just give up Drop a little bomb in an uninhabited part of their island?
Send someone in with a bomb suit and a mini gun?
They probably think the gods keep messing with them
Just meeting would have irreversibly changed their culture.
I'm sure it became part of their aural tradition and stories of it have been passed on to the later generation.
Perhaps the white man is now part of their folklore.
Thanks for sharing anon, I'm on part 2 now.
This is fascinating!
the white manMost of the people that got to see these creatures have been pajeets.
No wonder they dont want to leave the island
I heard some team took 2 of them and tried to show them our culture and technology but they both got sick and died.
Then the tribe thought they murdered them and went full chimp mode ever since.
I am in the middle of part 2 now.
Holy shit.
You know they're humans right?
But they don't even know how to use a spoon (using the handle to scoop rice) and are scared of their own reflection in a mirror.This really emphasizes that the only reason humans are smart is that we save our discoveries and innovations through writing and that we teach our young.If we just took a bunch of 10,000 kids born from smart parents, put them in the middle of the Amazon rainforest, they would turn into this tribe.
They would be this fucking tribe.
Those aren't northern sentinelese, you cuck.
They are Amazonian Tupi-Guaranis.
Also agriculture.
The narrator explains these hunter gatherers don't have enough time to study, create art, or really do anything else because they are always on the move from place to place, never settling down.They also die really young from sickness and diseases and would be very lucky to live to 30