Enjoy these meme lines.
I drew them myself.
tell me morespoonfeed me you faggit
powr going to $3 confirmed by meme lines
The price is moving up that bottom trendline and the top trend line shows likely resistance.
Anyway it bounced off that top line twice.I imagine we'll bounce of it again and again if the price continues to follow the lower trendline, which by the way, could break at any point.
That could be bad, however with the upward momentum we had, I expect any dips below the trendline to spring back up rather quickly and the dip can essentially be ignored as it will appear as a shadow (those black lines sticking from the candles) and shadows should for the most part be ignored and not used solely for drawing trendlines.By the way you may notice that I have drawn the top line by using only these shadows, and have done so because I find them useful for charting resistanceHoep that helps
Update.
I decided to fix my resistance line.
I should have started on that shadow from the previous run and ignored the other two shadows because they break an otherwise clean trend line.Also it looks like the price is dipping below the support line which again could be bad news, but remember that the price can always jump back up like it did for the previous candle.
I expect this will happen.
>TA
it bounced off that top line twiceSo is it a double top and the price will dip?
Kinda looks like a double top but they're such a short time frame apart.
However, I wonder if the market is treating it like that, as the price dropped 20% shortly after and that's a pretty significant drop.
This could be a reversal of the trend and yes it would probably be time to sell in that case.
if its going to go down you should sellwow anon, such deep analysiswhat would biz do without you?
Wow I said that?Actually I said the trend would be reversed.
Not the same as saying "go down".Go get ass your ass fucked
Update: The market seems to be fighting to get back above that bottom trendline.
I wouldn't be surprised if it rejected it but I'm sure we'll be above it again in a few hours.
if the trend reverses>current trend is up>trend reverse = downso...if it goes down.dumb fucking retard lmao
You think what I said is the same as your interpretation.
You have reading comprehension issues.
If anyone is retarded it's you.