>SWIFT won't care about Chainlink after Sibos anymo...SWIFT calls ISO 20022 the "bedrock of global interoperability".SWIFT lists the Chainlink PoC as an example of a significant ISO 20022 development.SWIFT lists the Chainlink PoC among some of the very biggest projects they have ongoing (GPI, SEPA, ...).
delet
Chainlin is a shitcoin
We have to be patient but we’ll be well rewarded
It feels so good, knowing that all of my fellow LINK bros will make it and all the brainlets will neck themselves when LINK moons.
We're going to be okay, bros
whoa dude you don't publish the big juicy shit like this, let them fud and make memes and so on, we'll stay comfy
Someone post naked women so the mods delete this thread
Source btw: https://www.swift.com/file/45401/download?token=1SlvZHKAThis is a direct PDF download.Google the keywords from the OP pic if you don't trust the link.
I dont get how POWR mooned like that while LINK doesnt when it has SWIFT and so many other companiesconspiracy theories?
because powr was a pump and dump shitcoin, the way the devs kept hype going on vague rumors so it would moon shows how sketchy they are
Link will moon when the time is right brother.
Be glad Sergay is giving you time to accumulate
It makes no sense, plain and simple.POWR is part of a local utility distribution solution.LINK is the first real shot at mainstream fucking smart contracts, with ridiculous amounts of industry exposure already.Yet POWR reached close to TWICE the market cap Link had at ATH.I chalk it up to temporary market delusion/stupidity.
CONFUSED LINKIES
I had enough time, it should go up otherwise i'm going to buy some with money i can't spend now and i will cry when i have to sell those tokes for just double the price
i bought 8700 at ICO and started accumulating when we reached .0006eth.
Have about 25k now, buying another 10k after i get my sallery on the 28th.
I just dont see LINK not going to at least 1usd when december news hit the house.
Never invest what you can't afford to flush down the toilet bro.
This applies to any investment.
all the brainlets will neck themselves when LINK moonsi wonder if link will ever compensate you all missed gainsi mean look, everything is mooning and you just sit there with your bagsi'm not sure even 10x will cover for that
hurr durr why let your money sit when i can accurately tell which coins are mooning before a specific time framedont you get it brainlet?
you could also encounter / 10 hellshots while you play around with your money
having 100% assured 10x gains within a few months or higher is pretty awesome when there is literally no risk involved if you bought low or don't sell when bought higher.If you think you currently have any less risk-free investments with higher return potential, then you are not the brightest candle on the cake.
recent notable example: CFD.
hurr durr why let your money sit when i can accurately tell which coins are mooning before a specific time frameIt's easy bro, all you need is perfect hindsight.
Link hasn't been on news reports.Power has and on nightly news for exposure.Link only was shilled on biz.
Link hasn't advertised or drummed up hype.
It's the real deal.t.25k link
and because everybody has that, everybody is already rich.funfact: most of the very rich guys just were lucky/smart enough to buy something early and wait some years.
Ctrl+f: Chain linkNothingGg it's over
funfact: most of the very rich guys just were lucky/smart enough to buy something early and wait some years.Especially in crypto.Best chance you had to get rich on Bitcoin was to buy or mine a bunch and then forget about them or temporarily lose them.The vast majority of people with hundreds or thousands of Bitcoin ended up like pic related.
I actually lost some XMR last year and managed to recover them a few weeks ago, that was nice.
I obviously sold them but now they are even higher.
So whatever you do, be patient and confident about your good coins if you really want to make it.
no risk involvedya all retards bought it ath so don't tell me about no risk
People bought bitcoin at 10 cents at one point, and then it dropped to 2 cents.
There were people that didn't even know who Swift was!
KEK
bought at 1800sats you dimwit.
not everybody is a deluded idiot trader like you
Swift doesn't exactly make the mainstream news either, but it's a MUCH bigger market influencer than the Australian government for instance.But you're right when it comes to short-term hype impact.