https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/They pump it so they can dump it ..Now you know and cannot cry when it happens!You are welcome ..
nice try pajeet, you will not take my lambo bags this time.
Already been debunked.
Old fud.
Buhuuuu mut muh NEO no good coin reeeeeeeeeeeee.
I won't give you one of my hard earned satoshis when you are begging on the street.
>NEO is incredibly centralized.Why would anyone care?
This is the way NEO is built but it has no disadvantages, so why care?NEO’s blockchain disappeared for several hours>Yeah like Ethereum never disppeared...NEO’s GitHub has alarmingly sparse activity>GITHUB...
They are working on things and that's what mattersNEO only has 6 smart contracts operating >Again, who cares?
6 or 6000?The East has almost no interest in NEO - 90% of NEO’s volume comes from the West> Again, WHO THE HELL CARES WHO'S BUYING.
ALSO NEO ISN'T ALLOWED ON A LOT OF EATERN EXCHANGES.
Bullshit.
Every neo wallet that downloaded the blockchain can be a node, read here: http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/introduction.html
Just a pajeet trying to FUD, move on lads.
Got to love these reactions :)Neo probably has a team rdy to just send crazy reactions out in social media when some real critique goes its way.So again, I dare you, I double dare you.Read the article and mention 1 point in which the writer is wrong, AND motivate your argument.Thank you.
The point of the Github doesn't matter because City of Zion has a pretty well updated one.https://github.com/CityOfZion
those are some solid arguments right there, I like the one where you don't care about anything
Lol Neo rises and FUD pops.
How surprising.
Going with the advice from this post is the equivalent of getting a BJ from a Tranny who just admitted they Catfished you.
They just fed into your self-destruction for their own advantage.
Stay poor fags who drop these bags.
Honey Badher Bitcoin Chinks don't give a fuck about no fat basement dwelling neet trying to drive NEO down to $2 so he can buy in with his cheetoh and mt dew money.
$43 is the new Neo baseline.
Moon missions start from there now.
Deal with it.
https://steemit.com/neo/@saltyskip/a-response-to-investor-warning-major-neo-redflags-neo-fud
NEO is in a unique position which may or may not ever pay off, I'm OK with the odds but would not and would never all in on the chink.
Honestly with what it needs to trigger mooning is potentially a hell of a lot closer than any similar cap coin
Asked biz yesterday why this shitcoin is ordained the Chinese ethereum.
Literally has launched 2 icos, Chinese are keeping a tight leash on crypto I'm general and the ico boom is over anyway.
No reason for this shit to be even 1 billion in mkt cap.
Only thing keeping this going is hype and people holding their antshares bags hoping for another moon
ico boom is overif they actually got exclusive rights to ico in china the boom is back on
Is there any basis for expecting this to happen other than pure speculation??
speculation only, i think it boils down to that if their government is formally going to allow crypto the only one we have to bet on right now is NEO.
just swapped 400 neo for nuls
lol.
Everything OP says is true.
No one gave a shit about this project when it was antshares, suddenly they got a cool logo and edgy name and it's the blockchain of the future.
Fair play if you got in on the pump and dump but if you think this is even remotely comparable to Ethereum then you have a solid future career posting pink woman threads ahead of you.
Wojak.
Fuck auto corect.
So nothing?
No arguments pro NEO?Conclusion: NEO is just made to make money from the retarded.Let me give you one tip, go for fundamentals .. Like ETH, XRP, ZENCASH and ARDR.. Easy
HAHAHAHAHAHAH you are so dumb.
NEO will reach $100 by the end of this year, and you will be FOMO buying into at $95 again.
All you faggots not buying into NEO now will be posting pink wojacks when NEO flies past $100 and takes over LTC in market cap.
Ok you are a NEO fan, cool.Explain to me why the arguments mentioned in the article at the top are wrong ?If you cannot, shut up ..
is the news coming tomorrow?
A Response to Investor Warning: Major NEO Redflags - NEO FUDhttps://steemit.com/neo/@saltyskip/a-response-to-investor-warning-major-neo-redflags-neo-fud
Ty, nice read.