--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
Thanks to whomever recommended shorting Brazil.
:^) That was really helpful.
Www.share.robinhood.com/davidt917Also buy $CHFSGoing to 10000$
Fuck off david
What was Trump's announcement?
Market going to continue declining today?
not covering your short as soon as your realized the US's market was recovering
I did yesterdaySorry man, but that's just how things are.
Sometimes shit recovers, some times it does worse.
Put in a market order now so it auto sells at open.
You'll probably take like a 5%ish lostThe market looks like it's trying to recover today so your loss should be offset by gains from other stocks in your portfolio.
other stocks in your portfolioSince when do Robincucks diversify?
BSTI PRIMED FOR ZOOM ZOOM
Reminder to take advantage of the Stitch Fix (SFIX) IPO tomorrow.
Probably going to be a good one to buy as soon as it starts trading and flip a couple hours later.
Or it might flop, who knows?
What does covering your short mean?
I sold it as soon as I saw the markets were up.I'm a big boi (mummy's big boi to be exact) so take responsibility.
I didn't buy very much either and yeah I'm fairly diversified.
I'll report back by 7 and end of day.Expect 7%+ today.
4394154Also, what's a EFT that goes with Brazils market rather than shorts it?
Seems like they are on the up and up from what I can read.
DRYS to the moon when?
OH BTW.PTNBOTZLITNAK
LOOK ALIVE BOYS.GATES OPEN IN 10.
How do I look?
It means getting out of that shit.
Don't worry anon...
It's going back to $1.5 billion soon...
>that anon who was doing shitty and hoping to make his money back from bsti earningsF
I think I just made a bunch of money on these 100 GE call options...
Oh.
Yeah, did that.
Lost two bucks.
*yawn*another day no sleep, 150mg of adderalQuick, what stock do I buy today
just shorted wal mart for a quick 4%why the fuck it so high
That's a lot of Adderall.
I used to take 90mg per day and thought I was pretty stout.
I split it up throughout the day too.
Like 30-40mg AM, then little boosters.
I got a few shares of SHOP I bought way too high on my first day trading, in them at 103 average.
Is today a good day to drop them since it's almost at 100 now?
I'm not confident SHOP will get much above it's current amount, at least not for some time.
So an up day is a good day to dump, right?
shorted again for another 4%seriously why walmart so high?
swing it
yeah cut that shit loose
CHFS doing crazy shit again m80s
GBR going for it again
Holy shit those 5m candles on ABIO and GBR
I fucked up on TRXC...
They just announced UPS integration or some shit today, so, good exit time.
Now the question is just when today to do it.
some hot spots in the market today
Why don't you guys just trade the first 3 minutes of the day 3 times a week.
It's frightening and you have to fight greed but shit man I turned 500$ to this in a little over a week.
Because I don't know how.
I'm honestly even a little too new.
But I have had good runs on TOPS , DCIX , MOSY and now CADS
How did you decide on the stocks you bought?
4394553>it's so easy to make money>just buy greek stocks :^)
Why cant it be like this everday mommy
4394560This.
That's where I'm unsure.
lol alright I think thats enough money for one day.
need to leave some for everyone else
You just want to masturbate on adderall all day, don't you?
GBR getting ready to spike again
no I only want to get Gains
I had beginners luck and thought it was easy too.
Chart is fucked btw.
Withdrew and deposited a bunch of times.
In reality I'm only in the hole about 2k.
Honest answer?
I pick about 6, 3 times a week, and watch them from 8:45 to 9:29.
And stare at my screen for every penny movement.
Then make my decision between 9:30 and 9:32 then I'm out by 9:40 at the latest.
The hardest thing though, is fucking greed.
Fighting greed when you are watching stocks spike like that is incredibly hard.
GBR, CADC, MRDN, CHFS (out of steam imo) - first three are on fire rn
sometimes easy winners at the beginning can be a curseit's not that easy most independent traders lose money
Wal mart is gonna go down from here right?
adderall>masturbateHow?
I always get stimdick on that shit and can't keep it up.
People masturbate on speed literally all day, for hours on end.
Maybe have 2 or 3 orgasms.
It's a lot of work and a lot of edging.
What kind of scanner do you use to find then
GUYS SOMEONE TELL ME WALMART IS GONNA RETRACE BACK TO 95.8
Fuck that, that sounds awful.
I was bagholding chfs for the longest time and never knew when i was getting out.
Such a relief I finally got all my money back and more.
It made me think if I bought it at it's lowest i would have had thousands in profits.
I might make this my strategy by going after oversold stocks and hodling until i cant hold no more.
If I only have 200 dollars in my robin hood account is that enough to start investing into Index funds or vanguard mutual funds?Its taken me about a year of saving 10 dollars at a time to get 200 dollars into my RH account.
Index funds are the safest right?
How safe will i be if the stock bubble pops while I have my entire 200 into a vanguard mutual index fund?
2 or 3 orgasmsI can do this on a normal day within an hour
nope
2 or 3 orgasms>I can do this on a normal day within an hourme too, and the first hour of waking up too
When you actually get to cum, it's supposedly literally the best feeling imaginable.The point is that its hard to achieve on stims and very spread out.
It's 200$ dude.
If you are afraid to lose 100% of that money you shouldn't tradr at all.
If the stock market tanks and loses 40% of its value then your vanguard funds will also lose around 40% of their value.
That's part of the inherent risk of putting money in the stock market.
Vanguard funds (index tracking funds in general) keep you from being a retard and picking a bunch of shitty stocks on your own and losing money when the market as a whole is making money.
Most people suck at picking stocks and they're even worse at deciding on when they should enter or exit a position.
How the fuck are you down 50% since the market low of 2016?
Literally could have put it all in SPY and walked away for 2 years.
CHFS, CADC, GBR, MRDN
So... nobody can explain the walmart?
news just says its discount sales wtfim gonna diareah
What's not to understand?
They're a megacorporation that beat earnings.
CHFS looks doneGBR will be a big runner soon imo
oh fuck i didnt realize earnings were today
whats your guys excuse not being in PLX?
climbing since August and Mertin Shkreli in it or longterm.
So what's the best and safest index mutual fund on robin hood app?What should I do after the next stock market crash?
4394939>So... nobody can explain the walmart?instead of actually looking for 10 seconds into the stock you are shorting you instead come into /rgt/ and askwow.
kys
My girlfriend told me last night that they're going to have an IPO on Friday.
She loves the company because she likes buying clothes and shit but "hates shopping"....
Seems like it could be a good money maker considering they generated over $700 million last year and I'm assuming a decent percentage of that will be profit considering the high markup on clothing, shoes, handbags, etc.
I'm not big on playing IPOs so I'll probably be watching from the sidelines.
>SFIX IPO is so greatly anticipated Robinhood put it on before its trading for onceI think this is going to be a good one.
Maybe even another Roku Normalfags like it and Wall Street has been trying to get a piece of this pie for years.
I'm glad people are talking about it.
Makes me more confident in it.
What should I do after the next stock market crash?If you're not comfortable with trading then you should hold cash through the cash and go all in on index funds when the market is low.
Tech companies are WAY overvalued right now so the NASDAQ is probably going to get hammered when the crash comes and should see a substantial rebound after the crash.
Going half & half with a S&P500 tracking fund and a NASDAQ tracking fund when things have bottomed out would be a solid investment strategy.
Stitch fix is a dumb namesounds like a fabric repair company
Well I'd never heard of it before she mentioned it last night.
Seems like it has experienced rapid growth since its inception though and the company founders have solid experience in the fashion / clothing sector.kek, I thought the same thing
4395068my bf tried it once, he doesn't care about clothing so it worked well for him.
The results weren't bad, it is pretty catalogue looking stuff.
Like what someone looks like when they exclusively shop at Banana Republic, if you know what I mean.
I looked at it for myself but they didn't offer small enough sizes at the time for jeans.
It's supposed to be a joke about normalfags being obsessed with clothes to the point of being addicted and needing their "fix" like a drug.I'm not into fashion, but I've heard about it quite a few times over the years just from them advertising in normalfag media.Holy fuck, I just checked and it has nearly twice as much yearly revenue as Roku.
I'm going all in on this shit.
VTGN up over 7%
GBR
Yeah, when my gf first told me about it I was thinking, "pfft, no way this dumb shit is going to be profitable, how many people would even use a service like this" and then I looked into it and was dumbfounded that they had over $700 million in sales for 2016.
It'll be interesting to see what happens with their IPO considering they're going to be on track for $1 billion in annual revenue pretty soon and they've been profitable since 2014 unlike most tech companies that have IPOs.
Who doesn't love MUBetter get into AMAT, another semiconductor with earnings at 4:30
Nice, you own that?
@ 1.33 holding till closer to $4low float just buy some shares and lock them up high.get in..
Nah, not buying in when it's already up 22%.
after it runs and spikes you will keep GBR on your watch list... everyone does.Been in and out of it for years and everyone says the same thing you do, then it spikes they miss out but then they always watch it and play it everytimethe float hasn't changed the past 3 years or so that i have been trading it.
What will it spike to?
4395328Yeah, I'll probably just sit it out and watch like the rest.
It's gone to $4 twice, and why would this be that spike?
there is another that's just 2.5 or so.
honestly no clue man it could spike to $3 or $4 or even something like $8the float is so low on it there is no telling where it will go, but im pretty sure it's not done, all spikes have been 100% im holding up high if i see it slowing down ill sell.
For now, it looks like it's starting to trend up.
Wish you luck.
Don't get too greedy
GBR has been trending up, CADC is doing a head and shoulders, break out soon
Wish you luck.
Don't get too greedythanks buddy, after 5 years of trading i appreciate your advice.
pullback on GBR 5min about that time to get in if you haven't already watch for entry
How hard is it to get approved for a interactive brokers account?
Who here still /BAC+B/ Holding through this dip, expect it to rise within the next few months especially with the new fed chair.
I'm still waiting for it to go under a dollar.
Hopefully the rise in the past day and a half is just a bull trap.
you're an idiot.
Do you guys make money from robinhood stocks?
Do you only do this or do you trade crypto coins too?
you're an idiot.why?
because i like making money?
I've been in and out of GBR for years and have gotten alot of people i know irl to trade it.the float has remained the same for years.
It's best to find a stock that you like and learn to trade it really good.But thanks for your knowledgeable post with lots of context.
IFON breaking out now too
Not hard if you have the $10k needed to open it.
I'm kicking myself for pulling all of my money out of my IB account and putting it into my Etrade account.
I'm looking at $623 in commissions and fees since September on Etrade, it would've been more like 1/4 of that had I made all those trades on IB.
GBR guys...
you're late buddy.how about fuck off back to stocktwats
how about fuck off back to stocktwatswhats wrong buddy?
having a bad day?
>own Ford at 12.14>at 12.01Come'on get me outa these bags.
when she hits support again, I'm buying Sitting on CADC rn, hoping to break out to 10
I wouldn't put my money anywhere near the auto stocks rn
Ford bags don't quit man.
i've been burned by that stock so many times i won't even touch it now.
They need to cut the divi and put a buyback in place

just keep holding until you've collected enough dividends to cover your loss
big bids in the 1.70 range if it dips to 1.65 that might be a good buy zone
Some good gains today thanks to GBRanon
Here let me help you: stocktwits(dot)com
Ok, I applied but they said on the application you need 20k of assets 40k income a year to get an account.
Hopefully I can get away with lyingI'm getting sick of Robinhood's shit like how I was locked into BAC+B as well as missing out on OTC/Canadian stocks and short selling
whats your problem?
seriously?
why are you hating on gains?
serious question
Bull trap would only apply to BAC itself.
Seems that it has support just below 26
I feel it will be a really long wait, but I'm waiting to buy Volkswagen when it gets low enough.
I think Porsche is going to kill Tesla.
That's what I meant.
I'm not even bothering to look at BAC+B until BAC is at a decent level.
How can I trust someone who doesn't update their phone when they receive the pop up
43956434395342shit posterpost nothing of context.
Prime example of shit posting folks
risky
You should have pulled everything from the Etrade account and put it in IB.
I mean I switched to IB and i've been more than happy with it.
;
have you used think or swim?
if so is IB much better?
etrade has been fucking slacking man i was in a trade and the shit didnt fill but it said it did.
stock then went down.
I called them and the fuckers gave me my money backbeen using IB ever since
My problem is faggots like you shilling garbage on here.
4395772Why not stick with robinhood?
Ah, well I had like $100k in assets when I applied.
You can lie on that application and no one will ever know, they just don't want some poorfag putting their life savings into their IB account and then lose everything and try to sue them or file a FINRA claim against them because the brokerage "misrepresented the amount of risk" they were taking or some shit...
There are some pretty wonky regulations concerning broker's responsibilities when it comes to mitigating and making clients aware of the amount of risk they're taking.
My problem is faggots like you shilling garbage on here.you are literally posting DRYS memes4395342kys
Count me as another very happy IB customer.
The linux client and api are badass-tier.
I trade crypto and stocks.
Robinhood for longterm/midterm and crypto for day trading.I'm up 30% on Crypto from initial investment, and I just broke even on Robinhood.
I also have less than $400 in capital and have be serious about trading for around a month.
You miss out on alot with Robinhood.
Trading hours, OTC, foreign stocks, options, short selling, etc.Plus a year of IB with margin comes out to about the same as a year of Robinhood Gold.
Sitting on CADC rn, hoping to break out to 10kek
I know, I was just much more familiar with the Etrade mobile app and felt that IB's mobile platform wasn't as intuitive or user friendly (read: I just never took the time to figure it out).
I'm away from my computer a lot of the day and trade from my phone 1/2 of the time so the mobile platform is one of the most important aspects of what broker I use.
I made a big mistake in choosing Etrade over IB, I'll probably open up another IB account next year and consider closing my Etrade account completely.
These fees are just ridiculous.
I'm new to investing in general.
I mostly do crypto holding, just tinkering with Robinhood using 2500 trying to learn (well, I made it into 2490 this week...).
Most my money is in cash.
What are IBs fees versus Etrades?And IB has a good mobile app now?
Their desktop software looked a little dated, I was just looking at screenshots.
L2 data on GBR?
DRYS is a better buy than chasing a stock already up over 20% over nothing.Some sucker on here bought in the upper 1.8's and is going to take a loss.You are the cancer here.
4395957IB is god tier.
I use it to trade futures.
Their low commissions and ability to access all world markets is great.
It works wonderfully for stock traders/investors too
DRYS is shit and the whole market knows it.If i am the cancer here stop talking to me.
Trading hours, OTC, foreign stocks, options, short selling, etc.Can you explain in detail?
I know about options I think it's basically leverage or margin right?
And shorts are just sells right?
So what exactly does RH not allow you to do?
What do mean by trading hours?
I thought stock market is only open during new York trading session?
IB charges like a half a cent per share for commission or some shit and Etrade charges a flat $5 per trade.
The only way Etrade beats out IB is when you're trading literal penny stocks.
IB's options fees are also a lot less than Etrade's.
That sucker would be me.
M-me too
http://crweworld.com/article/news-provided-by-business-wire/178690/ea-to-release-third-quarter-fiscal-year-2018-results-on-january-30-2018EA is getting slaughtered everywhere you turn on the internet this weekIf you have the ability, short sell EA stock in the new month
Kill yourself
guys buy crude oil commidity
next month*
4396057don't listen to that guy.
he wants your investment to go to shit, he wants you to lose money.
He is not on your side.
4396063Don't worry, I bought the top of the opening spike just so you can feel better
die in a fire
I use ninjatrader + Phillip Capital for trading futures.
Love it.
4396103;ctell that to the 200 people here who are in the room.quit your bitching.the best traders came to the room and left this place because they take this seriously.
You can't trade pre-market or after hours with Robinhood.
You can't short sell with Robinhood.
You can't trade foreign companies like Nintendo with Robinhood.
You can't trade warrants with Robinhood.
You can't trade options with Robinhood.
$1200 in commission on 187 trades at etrade so far in 2017 here.
Noob here.
Why does gbr keep oscillating a few cents every second
hhuurr duuurr we are good traders but we need more traders.. to.. umm.. teach them.. yeah.. we don't need their money.. we need to teach them.how that AMLH going?
the one you retards where shilling at .004
Thanks.
If you buy 500 shares of something though, then IB is more, right?
I mean .05 per share would be 25 bucks rather than 5?
why?
it's thinly traded, the float is only 1.9mill shares.
there will be volatility
everything is free.
don't be such a pussy your whole life.
4396088or a stock that deals with oil like GBR
For trading hours, Robinhood only allows you to trade from 9am EST to 6est.
IB allows you to trade from 4am EST to 8pm EST.
There's been a few times I missed out on opportunities because Robinhood was closed.Short selling is a way to profit off of a stock falling in price.
You basically borrow a share and instantly sell it and then if it falls you buy it back at a lower price and return it.
The risk though is that if the price rises you lose money by having to pay the difference, you can have extreme losses if something moons hard after you short it.Options are contracts to buy or sell stocks at certain prices.
Kinda gambling.
You can sell them like stocks and they have big increases/decreases in value depending on how the stock moves.
so what happend to AMLH and if you guys are such great traders why do you need more people?
Good tip, thank you.
Wow it's free to let you faggots take my money?
What a bargain, sign me up!
well.. if you are a flip trader then you probably like to trade the oil on tuesday-thursday
.005 per share IIRC, Etrade and IB break even when you're buying/selling 1000 shares at a time
im not here to argue guy.
Yes a few higher level guys believed in AMLH, and still do.We open the chat for people to learn and work together.
everyone who joins is glad they did.if you don't want to, fine.
but stop getting so butt hurt everytime guys want to improve themselves and we give them a free room to do so.
Oh, and Etrade is like $7 per trade unless you're making more than 30 trades per quarter.
I'm looking to short SJM if it hits $120, seems like the stock's movement is characterized by large jumps quickly followed by the share price falling again.
I'm glad you called him out.
I see that type of thing all the time where someone needs to teach others but when they show off their results it's not very impressive
everyone who joins is glad they did.that is not what i hear...Yes a few higher level guys believed in AMLH, and still do.you mean that the higher up guys in the chat believe in that STILL after it has dropped so much from their shilling above .004?
and they are supposed to be the good traders higher up in the chat???
LMAO>We open the chat for people to learn and work together.
You are trying to sucker in newbs to buy your bags kys
The biggest question I have about robinhood involves order processing.
What happens to my order after I click submit?
Are they running their own dark pool?
Are HFTs paying them to see my order before it gets routed?
So basically robinhood isn't for fancy day trading shit?
It's just for the average joe to throw some money into the stock market and hold onto for a long ass time?
lol 5 new members already.
thanks for the bumps.Listen smarty pants, all of the traders that have been on the RH general threads helping people for the last few years have joined together.no one gives a shit about your judgment on guys who make over 100% a year.
Hurrrdoyyyyy
lol 5 new members already.5 new bag holders*
Im not in it, and don't ever plan on being a part of it.
trade from 9am EST to 6est Yes, that's the NY trading session.
I think I get shorts and options just sound like using high leverage.
4396063R.I.PHoly shit you're dense.
If I wanted others here to lose money, I'd be telling them to buy GBR and not calling you out.
For the last time please kindly fuck off Stocktwits.
You will fit in lovely there.
all of the traders that have been on the RH general threads helping people for the last few years>guys who make over 100% a year
Report for solicitation/spam
It's marketed towards new investors (mainly millenials) who want to get their feet wet in the stock market.
It's fine for just starting out and the lack of commissions is great when you're trading with only a few hundred to a few thousand dollars.
I've told several of my friends about it who were curious about the stock market and wanted to just toss some throwaway money into an account and give it a go.If you eventually get more serious about investing then you'll start wanting to do things like short selling or trading options which Robinhood was never intended for.
If you ever reach that point then you'll want to look into a "real broker" that allows you to do a lot more than just buy and sell stocks during market hours.
I've made about as much money this year on my short sells as I have just trading stocks normally.
Premarket is from 4:00am to 9:30am.
Robinhood only lets you start at 9:00am with gold, after hours is from 4:30pm to 8pm, Robinhood gold only allows you to trade until 6.
what bid prices are you putting in for SFIX?
sure, lelregular wallstreet gang of bandits you know you have to report all the losses in your yearly returns right?
im just trying to make people money in here man, been telling people about GBR for awhile.I really don't know what your deal is but you aren't helping anyone... like.. at all.Im not in it, and don't ever plan on being a part of it.thats how i feel too and i've been here awhile
*PLUNK*Hear that sound?
That's the sound of the GBR turd hitting the water.
GBR seems like a good stock for patterns.
I haven't played it yet but every time I check it, it's usually in the 1.30s and always randomly pops
Thanks for the GBR tip this morning, made myself 320 bucks.
It's supposed to get priced in today, so I dunno yet.
Expected to be $18 to $20, but it can be lower or higher depending on negotiations.
Then add like a dollar fifty to whatever they say, because you're sure as shit not getting in on that price.
I'm unironically thinking about picking up some BGFV if it drops back down to $6 or so.
Looks like it's setting up for a good swing trade.
It-it will go up right anon
If it goes down and bounces off of $6 again, I'm in.
Sounds like a happy ending.
Looking at the 5yr chart the stock seems to peak high then crash hard for a year or a little more, hit a bottom, and have a nice 30%-40% bounce over a few months.
I'll set some stops to limit my losses of course.
I got 1800 to throw at the next meme posted.
Robinhood only lets you start at 9:00am with gold, after hours is from 4:30pm to 8pm, Robinhood gold only allows you to trade until 6.Ahh that's strange.
I use mt4 and trade gold 23 hours a day.
.
I've made about as much money this year on my short sells as I have just trading stocks normally.Do most stock traders believe in identifying as only either a bear or bull?
I know nothing much about stocks outside of a class teaching about options, and short selling over a decade ago.
I'm not really interested in learning how to day trade stocks.
I just want to look into buying up some stocks or into an index for dividends if I can catch a good price after this supposed bubble pops.
SFIX
ONP
Bulls are all males, so I guess bears are all the female traders.
Then again it is the current year so you can identify with which ever you feel like at any time you want.
DXR
>tfw I almost shorted TSLA when it was at $360 but pussied outcaution be damnedDo most stock traders believe in identifying as only either a bear or bull?A few do, most retail day/swing traders play both sides.
Some people who have been doing it for a long time try to time peaks and bottoms and will close out a long/short position and immediately take the opposite position.The guys who strictly identify as bulls or bears are usually institutional traders/investors who work for a large firm and "specialize" in one or the other.>I just want to look into buying up some stocks or into an index for dividends if I can catch a good price after this supposed bubble pops.People have been waiting for the bubble to pop for years now, might as well get in the bull market now and make money until it does while setting stops to protect your money if the market turns on you.
Then you can hold cash through the crash and dump it into index funds and a few hand picked stocks when they're low.
Just went all in on TSLA
What's everyone doing with Diana Containerships today??
Thinking I might pick up some UVXY towards the end of the day.
Expecting a rough day tomorrow once the news that congress is useless seeps into the markets.
Why would you buy it near the end of the day?
I'm new here, so I'm sorry for sounding a bit slow.
lol
Reminder to all UVXY people, you're wasting your money.
>"On average, extremely low volatility today predicts low volatility in the future, not higher."
And "We find no evidence that being in a low volatility environment raises the probability of jumping to a high volatility state.
"http://libertystreeteconomics.newyorkfed.org/2017/11/the-low-volatility-puzzle-is-this-time-different.html
Look at CRAY go.
its for day/swing tradingyou buy it right as it rises and sell the spike
4396817When I hear people say this i just imagine people talking about being left turn drivers and another guy arguing that it's better to drive and only use right hand turns.
Yeah, I think I'll check out RH but I'm not sure how much money to throw at it.
Like how much of my day trading profits should I throw at it?
Hey retards who haven't been listening.Once again.AMRS just had another ER and look stronger than ever.They admitted they're in the middle of signing multiple new deals, including a 27m one that they will be paid immediately that will reflect on the next ER.They've also raised guidance.With all of this, shorts are still desperately trying to attack and the short percentage is still high as hell.This is officially the most lucrative, obvious buy you can make.This will have a short squeeze and can rise very very fast.They will have multiple PRs in the next month and will have a record breaking ER for 4th quarter.Do not fucking say I did not warn you.Buy a fuck ton.Wait half a year or more.You're welcome.
Any thoughts on SNAP down here, seems like a short squeeze might be in the cards?
If the market keeps doing well today, it's price should go lower.Sure, but that doesn't take in to account larger political and economic events that can effect the market.
I firmly believe that Trump's tax cuts are priced into this market already, and we're in for some red once it doesn't go through.
This is now Chancoin thread!!!
Why aren't you using your trip?
I have you filtered.
REEEEEEEEE!!!
Coinfags
2017>unironically investing in a dick pic appISHYGDDT
the market has enough memes we don't need scamcoins

 What if Facebook buys it?
What's the ticker symbol?
chat roulette is going to buy it
Then Zuckerjew can look at all the dick pics he wants, maybe they'll even add in VR functionality so you can view dick pics in 3D.
It'll be on the cutting edge of dick pic technology, that's for sure.
Id rather buy BGFV tbqh
Why would Facebook buy a product they've already replicated and crushed?
Oh, and Etrade is like $7 per trade unless you're making more than 30 trades per quarter.Well shit 30 trades per quarter, I've done 30 trades already and only been trading for less than a month.
I guess just for buying and holding people would be at the $7 rate?
kek
I sold Shopify too early.
Post your all-time trend lines and green text your story.>Parents gave me $250 on my birthday to start trading>make 20 dollars on Volatility and gold >instantly think I'm hot shit>lose the money I made and more chasing volatility and not knowing what a leveraged etf is>fail to fix mistakes, get frustrated and quit>return to trading a few months later and take time to listen to advice in /rtg/>finally making gainsAll in all, I'm happy I stuck with it.
Trading is fun and might make me rich in the future.Starting capital: $250Lowest: $180Current High: $200
I fucking hate it when I do that shit.
It's one thing not to make money, it's another to lose money when you could have had a chance to break even.
Exactly.
SNAP is going to zero.
Am I the only one trading the walmart minute candles
The way you make it soud seems like we have a while to buy
Yeah, people who don't make many trades and probably don't do anything more than buying a few stocks at a time and hold them for a month or two.
They'd be better off using Robinhood at that point because they usually won't be using any of the extra features that Etrade offers over Robinhood either.
Poor tag here
Yeah, it's brutal.
I just hope I'm learning my lesson - but not really sure what it is here.
I mean I figured it wouldn't go so high and I should just get out of it on an up day.
Then it goes back to my average price later in the day.
You know you would've been up like 25% right now if you just bought a share of VOO or SPY a year ago
That's not very much fun though.
Awesome response to someone trying to get your dumb ass out of poverty.Just being honest.Problem is it can blast off at any time.So if you wait, you miss the train.Better early than late.For the record I'm in 22k worth now.
I firmly believe that Trump's tax cuts are priced into this market already,I've been busy at work today but I saw a blip that they were trying to put Obamacare repeal into the tax bill?
That'll be a disaster.
If these idiots can't pass a tax bill, then the market SHOULD be red.
*Tips TeslaNever underestamate the power of cult stocks.
The fact that SNAP is still over 10 bucks means a lot.
I guess the lesson would have been to set a stop loss when you were planning to sell and wait to see if it kept going up.
I picked up a habit in the late 90's that has stuck with me.
Never buy shares of a company with a stupid/non-existent business model.
http://money.cnn.com/2016/08/02/investing/donald-trump-stock-market/index.html
Please start using your trip again.
It's the least you can do.
>deposit 1 usd to try this out>buy 2 NIHD at .36>sell at .37>portfolio says 1 usdDid I just get Jewed?
>tfw GBRI really don't understand what the hell I'm doing or what's going on.
You're completely right.
I wanted to make money first, and look where that got me.I'll definitely buy VOO or PSY (gangam style) when I get more capital.
Maybe I should cash out the ETF s I'm in now and move to something like VOOV or VOOG?
did you do a market order or a limit order?
Trump is retarded and doesn't know how to even invest.
All his real estate and other investments got completely and utterly BTFO return wise by index funds over the past few decades, even with crashes/recessions.
Robinhood?
What coin is this?
Which exchange?
Cropping your account balance on an anonymous pedophile cartoon siteI'll never understand this?
We're all shitters here.
Stable job with good income for the first time at the age of 39.>Finally savings.>Take 2.5k out telling the wife it's to put on the currency markets as a hedge.>Leave it vague hedging against what>Wait for a dip.>China fud.>Buy BTC at 3200 and ETH at 220.>Sell about a week later for 30% profit.>Trader Man swagger.>Throw 1.5 ETH at a dodgy ICO.>Buy Link at .40.>Add 50% to stack through day-trading.>Sell at .44.>All in on XRP for SWELL.>Don't sell at +50%.>Buy Link at .30.>Day-trade my stack up by 25%.>Sell at .20.>This might be harder than I thought.>Buy back some link at .20 and ride it down to .14.>Sell at all time low.>Very small amount because am now scared of anything /biz/ shills.>Buy the altcoin dip caused by sgwit2x fork bullrun - VTC, WTC and XLM, % profit.>A God Among Traders!>Portfolio now up to 4k.>Repeat dip buying on same coins with BCH flippening attempt.>Watch portfolio drop as far as 3.2k.>Hold but ready to give this shit up.>Sell at good profit when BCH dies down.>Shitty poorly chosen ICO from a month earlier goes live.>x4>SELL SELL SELL>I undercut all bids and shift all my coins before anyone else.>I have become one with the market!>Coin goes to 20x.>Fuck.>Portfolio now at 6k.>Cash out half of initial stake and tell wife about adventures.>Unhappy wife.>Betting on the market is fine but she thought I had a side-chick because I was checking my phone all the time.>Use XRP as my Tether.>Sell all XRP to rebuy same dip coins.>XRP moons.>Fuck.>Today.
days in.
% profit.>Swing from thinking I'm a genius to a moron.>Wife confirms latter.
I'm a super shitter.
I only have $500 in there just to dick around.
I tried to prevent bitching by cropping the balance
theres a .02 sent fee for sales.
it's not robinhood it's some other fee for like SEC or finra or something like that
Swing from thinking I'm a genius to a moronYah that's how I feel all the time.
FINRA and the SEC steal 2 cents from you per sell order.
You got Jewed by the US government, not by robinhood.
accumulation they drop it down for a long time to grab shares then they run it up to grab the penny flippers shares then they drop it back down to grab the peoples shares that bought the high but are now scared and sell.they do this up and down thing for awhile until they get enough shares then they run it up 100% or sobest way to trade it is to try and trade with whoever else is trading it.
(Just not retail)
the amount of fomo in the market right now surrounding this tax bill retardation is off the charts.
theres just so many people touting this tax bill like its the greatest thing thats ever happened but its all lies and bullshit.
why the fuck do we want or need tax reform when we just print the money????
Retard just graduated high school and doesn't know how to economy works.>corporate tax rate 34%>highest tax of anyone in the world>lower tax to 20%
ill pretend im savvy when in reality im just a degenerate volatility gambler
bought some call options for June, we'll see what happens.
What's the meme that I can buy today and will be up 2% tomorrow for me to sell
the government prints billions of dollars constantly and gives that money to the 1% while the middle class gets nothing.
also trump is a stupid fucking boomers that only cares about himself and his friends he doesnt give a fuck about the future.
this bill is only created for him and people he knows lmao.
XXII Just make sure to sell first thing in the morning.
There's usually a dip 10-15 minutes after the market opens.
Don't panic sell if you miss your chance, the dip only lasts for like 15 minutes max then it picks back up.
AIEQ is finally learning.
$800 by 2020.
supporting boomers that actually and unironically want to destroy everything for everyone just so they can get a little bit of extra money that they dont need or want and only want it for reasons
Do you know how the Fed works?
It's not part of the government it's it's own institution, if they print more money then that money becomes less valuable.>muhhhhh government prints money and gives it to rich people >muhhhhh I'm only missing two chromosomes not three
So glad I've got these today
that fucking meme ETF stole $10 from me!
isnt 1 dollar from the 1950s now worth like .01?
That's really fucked me though.
Recently BABA dipped really low for just a moment and hit my stop loss.
So you have to set them so low...
BGFV
Has anyone had this happen to them before?
Where your brokerage just "adjusts" your stop order on its own outside of market hours?
This is the 2nd time this has happened in the past week or two.
your brokerage exists to scam you they view you as a fuckdoll that will blow your account up in 3 months so they need to get everything out of you before that
Are they just trying to "protect" me by moving my stop loss off of a major stop order price cluster so I don't get fucked by HFT's trying to run stops?
i just got approved for interactive brokers after lyingnow i just gotta do the slow process of moving my money from robinhood to my bank to ib :(
slow processJust move it from RH to your bank (3 business days?)
and then wire the funds from your bank directly to your IB account (costs $25 or so but the money will be in your IB account before you get back home).
Did you tell them you were 12 with 30 years of experience?
Where's that faggot that was shitting on KTOS the other day?
B I G G A I N S
lmfao
they view you as a fuckdoll that will blow your account up in 3 months so they need to get everything out of you before thatI've had this same etrade account since like 2008, they should know that I'm sticking around for the long haul by now.
I was the anon asking you about it, but wasn't shitting on it.
I was the one asking if Trump is good for defense spending.
I ended up putting it in my watchlist but didn't grab it since I wasn't confident enough on what would make it go up or down.
It's only a meme cuz I mentioned it here literally once.
The next day someone mentioned it as 'a new meme'.
Nobody here is memeing it but me.
It's just kinda memey in and of itself tho.Pic related, it was the original post.
Those bald guys on the left of the picture are really creepy.
no but the application said you were required to have both at least 40k of income and 20k of assets to get a margin account.
i...don't :(i have the 10k required to open though
Jesus, anon.
No need to be such a homophobe.
They're just really pale with skinny arms and legs and their faces are all blurred.
It's like they're out of some creepy horror movie.
That's p. cool Thanks for sharing, its tough to keep your ego in check, but maybe wifey will help with that
start trading about a month ago>lurk /biz/ for tips>start with about 200 in capital>get meme'd and buy LODE>lose about 20 dollars>don't learn>buy into BGFV>lose another 20>take more out of savings>about 300 in capital now>DCIX happens, get in early>make all my money back and more>investorman.jpg>friend tips me about RLOG and TOPS>put everything in both>both blow up>make a shit ton in RLOG>missed selling point and only made about half of what I could have>since then keep putting everything in meme stocks and sell them the next day if they don't go to the moonI need to start getting serious about this before I lose everything.
Yes and if the Fed worked how you say it works it would be worth.
000001 cent
>Tax bill actually getting passedStrap in, lads.
Few more dollars and I've officially broken even!
Been trading for almost month in the best market there could be and barely breaking even.
priced in
the house passing it is priced in alreadyit's the senate that matters
passes in the house>can't get through the senateIt's like the healthcare bill all over again.
4398127Are they really going to try to repeal Obamacare in the tax bill?
That might make it actually not pass.
>city of bearsF
4398127It's all about the mental confidence that this brings.
We bull market ATLEAST until 2018.
>nobody wants to buy my BAC B warrantslet me liquidate reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I feel like the House was just as hard to pass.
Every house member is just worried about their district only and nothing else.
Senate will be tough, but I can see it happening.
I think the senate version repeals the healthcare mandate (the requirement that people have an ACA approved insurance plan or they get fined), it's not a repeal of the entire ACA.I fucking wish they'd get rid of Obamacare entirely, my insurance is going up from $290/mo this year to $394/mo next year.
Shit's getting ridiculous and that's the CHEAPEST plan that's available to me.
I want them if you sell them for under a dollar.
Not if f this is true 
I'll take them off your hands at $.85 a piece.
Oh, good.
So I'd no longer have to provide that shitty insurance for my employees?
Seriously though, there's a good size bid at $1.22.
Enjoy the ride now.
But this bill will not pass the senate.
I'm selling everything I made today at the end of the day.
I dunno what it entails exactly but it doesn't matter much because it's not going to pass the senate with that line in there anyways.
i have the 10k required to open thoughThat's the part they really care about.
Buy telecoms btw.
Thank me in 2018.
How big is your position in S. I'm so reluctant to buy into it.
There was a good dip not too long ago, thought about buying into it, but then it dipped even harder to where it is today.
It's too spooky for me.
I ain't fuckin around
Tax reform is through fuckers
If Sprint is too spooky for you go for TMUS.
VZ and T are kind of bloated.
I can't believe they'd put that in there rather than just easily pass the rest.
They are fucking retarded.I'm a novice but the thought has come to mind of shorting the market that day.
Not through the Senate.
Rate me
retards shitting on teslathey have investors, and the shit they are doing is going to eventually be making bank, they make projects that are giant and risky but extremely profitable if they just work.
TSLA is a long term investment, self driving trucks will be their first project that will pay their investors back and after that hordes of investors will be begging for elon's cock in their mouths.
Eh, it might just be a scapegoat addition that they were planning on removing anyway -- get the Dems all fired up and speaking out against that one line and then remove it as a "compromise" so that it passes and they don't have to remove other, more important parts of the bill to satisfy the Dems.
I hope that's it.
The real Tesla was in the exact same situation, except he was a genius.
If he lost his investors before changing the world, what makes you think Elon will keep his?
Elon is a 9th level meme wizard.
T. Tesla cultist
this.Fucking liberal :^)
How am I a liberal for implying Trump should abolish the senate and declare himself emperor?
new thread before the archive43985844398584
Learn how to take a joke anon.
Your /pol/ is showing.
In what way am I not taking the joke?
It was directed to the guy who said it had to get through the senate.
I like you, not him ;)
the real tesla was a geniusTesla didn't give a shit about having any of his projects be remotely profitable.
He was a retard with no business acumen who wanted to make earthquake machines.
The fact that that's what you think elon is doing tells me all I need to know about you, most people here are just like redditors, they have no fucking clue what elon is actually doing, all they know about is his space shit and his self driving cars, the only difference is people here think those things are "silly".
If you were intelligent, you'd understand that the difference between tesla and elon is that elon has ALWAYS recognized the necessity for a baseline product.
His cars aren't some project to save us from global warming, they give him a good profit every year, he just uses that to spend on risky as shit projects like the pneumatic transportation thing.
Self driving trucks are going to be a reality soon enough, elon already has self driving patents, so is it really that hard to put two and two together for you or does him watching rick and morty really trigger you that much?
Elon and all of his companies would be broke by now if he wasn't using a fuckton of government subsidies.
His products are not profitable.
He's trying to pull an Edison by being a businessman first and foremost, while trying to use grand ideas that can change the world like Tesla, but his bullshit is running out of steam.