Please tell me the rice meme is true.
My wallet was on my phone that got washed with my sheets.
Backup phrase.
lmao if you didn't back up
...you had no backup just phone?
How do you backup a phone?
Like an external drive?
the backup words neo, you wrote them down right?
Ok.. you're larping.. what wallet did you use?
They all require to write down a backup phrase.
Dude you need to copy your wallet adress and privateKeep it written down or on a flashdrove and store it somewhere safeAlso if anyone uses authenticator, turn it off on all your accounts, uninstall the authenticator, reinstall it and copy the new backup code.
Redo thr authenticator for all your accounts with your fresh authenticator
Why do I have this feeling OP just kept clicking NEXT without writing the seed down.NORMIE MONEY IS COMING IN GUYS.
it works, but only if the phone didnt get burnt when short circuitingWorked for me in the past, leave it 24-48hours in rice and some asian guy will fix it for you
leave it 24-48hoursthis is not long enough, try more like 2 weeks OP
literally write down your seed when you create a wallet you fucking normie fucks please
Its not a meme.
If you didnt try to turn it on when it had water it will probably work if you leave it in rice for 24 hourst.
retard that went inside the pool drunk as fuck and just realised that he had his phone on his pocket 20 minutes afterThe phone is working fine btw
If you aren't larping the rice meme is almost completely BS.
If a phone works after rice treatment it would have worked after no treatment too.If its some kind of android TAKE THE BATTERY OUT NOW.
If it's an iphone, you should still take the battery out ASAP but I assume you don't have the tools.Water damaged phones are usually not too difficult to fix.
If you can't find anyone local check out ipadrehab dot com.
Leave it in there as long as possible.
When you try to turn it on and it doesn't respond, its ded.
If you manage to get it running you may be low on time before corrosion makes it die.
Don't they force you to re-enter the words so they know you wrote it down?
rice is a poor dessicant - couscous is true master level
It's actually the least effective thing to put in and a lot of things work better than rice.
I forget what it is but look it up.
Either way just don't turn it on for a while and it will probably make it.
Just don't get inpatient.
Google to find a solution.Displacing water with rubbing alcohol for a couple of days and then letting it dry in rice/silicone for a week should work unless it's totally killed already
I'm looking for the pad I wrote it down and will set it aside in my closet and won't touch it for a week.
Looking at dessicant packets now on amazon.
Fuck everything.
You've gotta be a real high degree retard to have a wallet on a phone.
isnt being your own bank fun?
:)
Put it in silica gel if you have any.
It's those do not eat small package you get all the time.
Hmm...
I didn't write down any recovery key for my google auth app... can't find one on there either.
Well, that is slightly disturbing.
I don't remember them giving me one, or I wrote it doesn't while drunk and not in my crypto notepad with all my keys and things... bugger.
Well, I better not lose this phone I guess.
Unless it was just an email and password...
It only asked me to scan a QR code to use it from what I remember erm.
4418756>google auth app>email and password?You're not confusing an exchange with a mobile wallet are you?
I use it for minergate and binance.
The only thing it has on it is my email and it asked to scan a QR code to create the authenticators.
unless it gave me a 6-word key thing to remember when I installed the app... erm.
It's just the authenticator 6 number generator part.
If it does work with all the other shit if its worth alot then buy a new phone and bring it both to a phone repair guy and get him the swap the memory harddrive over if its not water fucked
I hope you lost everything you mongoloid
remove the battery and put your phone in the oven at ~130 degrees for maybe an hour.
if it doesn't work after that, you may be fucked.
You stupid fuckhead HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I only eat rice and beans, freaking $30 bag of rice lasts me a month 3 meals a day and a pound of beans is $1, I add some other shit every now and then but that's the main stuff.Good stuff for saving money.
Rice meme is true confirmed, but you need a rice cooker.
I once lost my old samsung phone in the front yard in the middle of a winter snow.
Didn't find it again until spring.
Put in rice for a day and it fucking worked.
Went through 4 months of rain and snow.
rice meme works thats why phones are made in china
detach your batterytake apart your phone and clean it with alcohol90% chance its dead if it was in the washer for 40+ minutesit can be fixed by a pro... but it'll probably cost a lot
Take it to a pro.
Time is of the essence!
Gotta be an Asian Tech.
Or iPad Rehab®!!!
you *washed* your phone?
like in the machine?
you're fucking fucked.
Why don't you have a waterproof phone?
They're readily available.
He didn't use authy
put it in a bag of salt not rice
its not a meme.
leave it in rice for at least 3 days.
also if it doesnt turn on check the charging port for a grain of rice and take it out.
it might turn on when you plug it into your charger.....fgt
want to laugh at OP>realize that my opsec isn't much better with exchange passwords saved in my browser, etcBut seriously OP what are you doing
I put my iPhone 5s through the washing machine,opened it up and dried it out then tried the rice thing ,a week later I got it to power up ,had to switch screens and it was working well enough for me to transfer my pics and shit over.