This was my blockfolio 1 month ago.
Now Im at 0.78 btc.Wtf /biz/?
I trusted your advice!
What the fuck happened?
dem dude this portfolio is shit
> I trusted your adviceThanks for your fucking money retard
xvg, sigt, elix, odn all sell while they are still worth something, i'm not joking
Fucking great, even my id is pink
Why would you put that much of your portfolio on below-top-20 coins?
At least learn from your mistakes from now on.
You likely buy the right coins at the wrong time.Once its being shilled here its very often too late for any significant profit to be made, almost every time losses.
Do your own researched outside this board, get in early, invest in non hyped coin with low mc and things going on.
You're clearly a redditor, they're the only kinds of people to fall for the diversification meme.
Buying only coins with blue and black icons
If i were you, i would sell all and shopping spree on the ETH srsly.
You'll make it all back with REQ aloneSell all your other coins and put it into REQ right now.
unironically holding chainlink.
holy fuck you moronic Dindo we only said buy chainlink as a joke.
no one here actually owns chainlink...
nah bs, 1 dollar to 6k in a month
ok im retarded :D
Never noticed that pattern
I learned my mistake aswell friendo.
I was up to 1btc.
Holding shitcoins for potential moons.Now I am down to 0.2btc...Lesson learnt: Always hold btc and eth...
Where could i do that?
Everything that is shilled too much around /biz/ is guaranteed not good.
These have included moo coin, LINK, powr and others.The ones that are alright are not pushed too hard, such as bch, ark, eth, xmr etc
>buys shitcoinsyour own fault
Jesus that really is a /biz/ memefolio.
All you're really missing is some CFD and DGB.
Wow you should quit crypto m8
The ones that are alright are not pushed too hard, such as bch, ark, eth, xmr etcKek at your life
Don't hold shitcoins you nigger.
The fuck mate, these coin are the most shilled coin in last couple of days kek
This is likely a meme folio
Wtf /biz/?
I trusted your advice!
There's your problem.
blockfolio?
naw nigga, thats memefolio
NO YOU DIDNT LISTEN.You bought shilled pajeet coins instead of future proof quality coins with actual usecases.
It's not too late to jump on the ETH train and make guaranteed 200% profit.
number 1 rule for biz, trust my experience
I dont understand: OP bought high, sold low and STILL managed to fuck huge gainz0rz?
That really drives my drupes
R8 my month
buy a boatload of shitcoins>complain when it doesn't moon in a monththis is why this market is so volatile, bunch of tards looking to get rich in a month.
literally type on youtube "HOW TO INVEST IN CRYPTO" and watch everything related.
then realize you made a mistake, sell all of this crap, buy XMR and ETH and hold and put more money into them over time, you are too stupid for any other strategy.
sigt>posw>elix>odnnice memeportfolio you got there
Market is retarded as fuck since normies are pushing in and btc forks every week.
Hold your best/most solid coins (DYOR), sell the rest for ETH
i see some link, good for you
Pussy
>holding more than 3 coins at a time
jelly/10
Youre portfolio is full of cock shit
1.2 Bitcoin worth and you only hold .1 BTC???
How the fuck does it feel to be retarded??
No honestly, I've never had the chance to speak with a literal mentally retarded person, i'd like your take on yourself.
Are you okay with it?
Do you see yourself as a normal human being?Do you see yourself as a victim in life?Do you see everyone around you getting ahead and yourself stagnating?How did you learn to use a keyboard?Do you put one shoe on then tie it, or do you put both on, then tie them?This is now a AMA thread:Retard edition
Is it possible you're always going for the highest value in USD instead of increasing your bitcoin count?For example let's say you only trade eth and btc.
If you were to switch your btc for eth because its usd value is increasing and then vice versa, but not being rigourous about always making a profit with the btc/eth value