>there are people ON THIS BOARD who will actually buy thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrpbNXPwyik
sauce?
i love big tiddies

Im just gonna pretend shes 18 and not 16
never knew there was more of this grill
Depends where you live but sexual majority if often less than 18, usually 15 or 16.
also thanks famalam
Holy shit post more of this beautiful lady.
maturity not majorityYes logically its true at 16 theyre mature physically.
Euros are a bit smarter than us burgers on that one.
While I can garrentee at least one teacher would smash that and or has and I'd want to even being north of age 20.
I for ass covering reasons have a hard age limit of age 19-20.
College or living on her own at minimum I am not dealing with a dad or a society who doesn't understand that all women are whores.
at least one teacher would smash thatnigga they all would
That hoe got my shoes wtf
I meant sexual majority as in age of consent, english isn't my mothertongue so some translations can be fishy.derailing.jpeg
All of them would like to but only a few actually would if given the well no most people arent moral.
So Ill agree with you my good based nigger
age of consentyou mean age of constant retard
I know you're word choice made it pretty obvious.
Grats on speaking 2 languages.
I dont but will be starting a 2n this year
Age of consent is 16 in the majority of US states.
This thread is just as shit as the content of the video I posted.
Fitting, I suppose
Thanks, english is the bare minimum today if you wanna do real wagecuck money, especially in finance which is my field of study.
Good on you for learning, I had the opportunity to make several trips abroad in a host family, that helps a lot so I don't really have any merit, and english is especially easy compared to other languages.
Why pretend?
He's a cuck scared of the government not even allowing you to fap to prime girls (after being negated fucking them during HS because you aren't Chad, then asked to wagecuck and pay taxes in the process).