Theres been several anons, including myself shilling this for a few weeks now.
Solid fundamentals and a even better dev team; the only ‘downside’ is the currently lowkey marketing because they want steady growth.
This is your chance to get in cheap, buy now or regret when its over 1$.
Homding comfy, because the project is great.
They will focus on better marketing in the future.
if a coin goes up 15% and there are multiple new biz threads shilling it, stay away you will get dumped on.
use your brains bizrealites
This is usually true, but false in this case.
I am not a bagholder or part of a PnD group, and the pump in this coin does not merit a PnD since its been up ‘only’ 10% so far.
Youre advice would apply if this was up more than 40% today.
Just look into the product and team and decide for yourself.
your
iExec could literally run half the internet.
I see well over $300 price in 2024-2026.
50cents for this is laughable, but anons consider 'long term hold' to be 30minutes.
They have no patience, will continue playing shitcoin roulette and continue failing.
Buy this and HODL, if you must sell it in 2020 for $50, maybe I will sell a bit, but I'm likely to HODL this until 2025 min.
i sold at 7700 today, because of the accumulating bot who killed the price.
I hate you whale fags
/biz/ prefers to stay poor and gamble and lose money on shitcoins like BCH.
Solid coins with a use case and good team basicly dont appeal to the 17th old NEET with ADHD and 0 patience.
Biztards love to chase the flavour of the day coin just to get dumped on.
Chase the daily pumps, buy them, get rekt, post pink wojaks and suicide notes.
Meanwhile, the smart money is making 2-3yr plays.
4365652Which PnD group are you guys from ?
Are you the same shills that dumped bags at 0.65, regurgitating the same nonsense about RLC?
this coin is never going anywhere.
have never seen so many failed pumps in my life.
it ALWAYS falls back down.
You fags don't even check their twitter.
They updated their roadmap and say they will have their dApp store released in December.
https://twitter.com/iEx_ec/status/930498490609930240I'll wait to buy in again on the dip.
It's one of hte most promising long-term holds I know of.
Not every shill you see is from a PnD group, some have other motives like wanting to help others to investigate good coins, or perhaps greed, not having patience and wanting the price to go up faster.
That doesnt mean everything is a PnD.
already priced in