Hi guys, I'm starting this thread because you guys were responsible for me getting into PIVX, WTC, NEO, ARK, VERT super early.
I know lately there have been tons of shit coins getting publicity (link, power, obsidian, elixir, etc).
I want to start a thread of coins you can see gaining x2-x10 within the new few months.
RCN I am planning to stock up on once it hits 1600 sats again seeing as there is a wall at 1600 sats.
I think due to its existing consumer base from riplio and big name investors it has a lot of potential especially for countries that are being fucked anally by inflation (cough cough south america countries)
DNT will go back up some day
I don't think so but I have been stockpiling DNT while its at 3 cents and selling for profit at 6 cents, it's pretty much guaranteed profit with all the bag holdersAnother coin I feel has potential is syscoin, great outreach and adaptability and with upcoming news I can see it x2ing by end of year.
ark is actually still a good buy.
volatile ofc but it will go up
I'm glad I got ark under 2, I think it has a lot of potential due its stability because of voting and staking during dips.
Not so volatile imo, breaking 2 floor rarely happens unless market is shitting itself like it did with 2x.
I forsee a stable 5 within a few months
Last coin I believe inMOD.
I don't believe in it's tech but I do believe that everyone is going to fomo real quick with all the shills saying its next omg, etc.
A pump group I'm in is planning to do an organized shilling on reddit in 2 weeks, be on the look out to dump at the end of November.
do i got to post asian chicks to get fucking opinions?
nbecause i will
more
not worth it yall dont deserve any gains keep investing shit like nuls lmfao
Streamr aka DATA look it up it has all the ingredients for a jump to hyperspace
I'll add it to the list but so far it looks like a shit coin lmao
wtf are these coins?
they new?
i am a newbie here.
PIVX, WTC, NEO, ARK, VERTwhat's the next new one?
Nuls if you have any sense
Check out VeChain.
Snm.
Don't shill, accumalte
Neo went from cents to 7 to 21 to 50+WTC went from cents to 8ARK went from cents to 3-5Vert went from cents to 5 This all happened with in 3 monthsPIVX gains were small but I put in .5btc and made 3btc thanks to recognizing its pump and dump patternsNULs made me some nice profit buying under 50 and selling at the top, this is definitely a shit coin look at it's white paper.
It's a joke and it's whole fomo is based on it being walton esque due to low communication but if you can read chinese you can see how it's a fucking scam.
Vechain I think is huge in the wine industry, I got in at 15 and sold at 29cents, I'm planning on getting mroe in a few weeks, I don't think it will be big besides win industry but it can easily make some money.
rcn allows lenders bankers and borrowers AKA JEWS to convert local currencies and manage them in credit form easily, this is huge for countries like south america where inflation is wrecking havoc and upwards of 70% of the population has NO access to credit facilitiesDo some fucking research idiot, I know its tough but learn to google shitRCN already has a working product with over 100k users, has Fenbushi, Tim Draper, Medici Ventures, Huiyin Blockchain Ventures, Pantera Capital along with other a grade institutional investors investing in it.
Their exchange is launching NEXT week bringing another 100k.It has grown 120% in customers within a few days and is still growing.
In case you don't recgonize any investor names, one of them was Vitalik's own fund.
So yea, do your fucking research and stay poor pajeetcopy paste from another anon about rcn
YOYOW has potential, decentralized blog platform, doesn't own the data so can't be fucked by china gov.
I could forsee some legal issues with this though due to the storage of some less than legal data
Your forgetting ETP besides that solid list .
I am hesitant about ETP due to some shadiness but have a small amount invested, left it off the list because of that.
they don't store the data on their networkthey provide API for 3rd party service providers so they can develop their own stuff and run it on YOYOW, but all data is stored on 3rd party servers.
This makes YOYOW not responsible for any content since they don't host it.
pssh Request
Well who got on 3 chinese exchanges so fast?Thats a strong bull sign for me
RCN
MOD
Is Elixer still a good buy?
but mod request sub neo ark and drp for garenteed gains basically.
Not so sure about RCN, it has a 60 million marketcap which is already big for most ICOs, See power ledger for example.
Look up Astronaut.
Just launched, only on ED as ASTRO.
$1 per coin, each coin receives a quarterly dividend equal to $1 per $8Mill profit by hedgefund that owns it.
(0.0000125%/coin)
ELIX
AMB is severely undervalued.
Going to see a serious pump once it starts getting attention.
no
Phore is a rebranded/redesigned POS and privacy coin, with active developers, about to hit a bigger exchange and about to burn half the max supply
do you guys really thing antshares/neo is undervalued at $30?
ODN, if you dont see it you dont deserve it
This desu.Odn is under a 10 million market cap.Atleast buy a masternode for your own sake.
You will not regret this
Woah thanks didn't realize this hit binance today