How do we get rid of homeless people and poverty tier people from our cities?
They are an eyesoreA little back story:>Be 26 years old, work as a web developer in SF Bay area making $120,000 a year for a popular social platform [ that’s an average wage here ]>Constantly see homeless people begging and poverty stricken people with ugly shoes and no car>Have to LITERALLY step over homeless people to get to my office in downtown, it’s disgusting>On a date for that week, after leaving the restaurant, this piss smelling guy had the audacity to ask me for change in front of my date, of course I ignore him and my date FLIPS the fuck out, as if it’s my fucking fault or something this guy chose to not go to universityHow do we remove these unpleasant people from our communities?
I’m fucking tired of seeing them why don’t they get the fuck up and apply for a job at McDonald’s or something, when I was 14 I got a job with my father and made enough money to buy a car that summer what the fuck is their problem?
(You)
Anyone that responds to this b8 below me is retarded.
Also if OP responds to me after calling him out for LARP, he is retarded too.
Nuclear war, and thus nuclear winter.The homeless will have nowhere to go and just freeze to death.Meanwhile you can burn your cash to keep warm.
/thread
you can not, they are a by-product of capitalism.
Only way to get rid of them is to shoot them and bury the bodies
Outlaw poverty, duh.
If we kill all the communists this won't be a problem
>not NEET>making decent money by actually working>on /biz/Horrible LARP.
Kindly fuck off.
implying nuclear winter isn't the homeless' time to shine>implying I can burn my shitcoins
this
I hear you man.
They started pitching fucking tents near ATM's in the city I live at.
They fucking beg whilst you're withdrawing money and get fucking bitchy when you say no and they're like "i just watched you withdraw, help me out bro" how about you fucking leave me the fuck alone you pos.
There is no need to be homeless in this day and age thus proving that they are homeless through choice and not circumstance.
Fucking hippies.
I don't care if this is bait or not.
I agree with OP.
Poor people need to be gassed.
We need to stop immigration.
And make the legal system more in favor of men in divorce cases.
Implement a social security system, asshole?
Bad batches of heroin
Homeless anon here, making gains in crypto.
Your date thinks you're a selfish piece of shit.
And she's right.
You should hang yourself for looking down on your fellow mankind.
Nobody is saying you have to give them or people like me shit.
I don't beg, very few people know I'm homeless except for close friends.
I work.
Just in a rough spot is all.
If I ever saw you behave the way you described your behaviors in the given examples to another homeless man, I'd murder you on the spot.
I'll catch a murder charge if it means exterminating you heartless arrogant fucks.
8/10 got me riled up
Murder someone on the spot for simply ignoring your beggingYeah sounds like a reasonable response from a decent member of society.
Oh wait, you're a homeless failure
No, I'd murder you for holding some sort of comtempt for people who's socioeconomic circumstances you have no way to understand of why or how they got there in the first place.
You don't know what they may have gone through to end up on the street begging for fucking change man.
Yeah, don't get me wrong there's a lot of shitbags out there who have just given up and think they're somehow entitled to money that others have earned, but most homeless people I have met or come across aren't the ones you see on the corner.
There's a lot of them working to get out of it behind the scenes.
All I'm saying is, don't be a fucking arrogant faggot because you came from a situation in which you had a safety net (I.E.
parents or family who had their shit together) to provide you with the opportunities to succeed, to attend University, to learn how to function in society, etc.
etc.Stay humble, brag to fucking arrogant assholes who are ignorant of the poor masses.
I hate these fuckers.
They're not nice, friendly or worthy of pity.
They smell, leave a mess wherever they go, throw their shit everywhere and ask for handouts to go get drugs and drink.They prey on the sheepish people who feel bad for them, bust out a dance or a joke, hold open doors to car parks, just to get some change.
Then it's off to get some cheap beer cans and make another mess.Or as nietzsche said:"Beggars should be entirely abolished!
Truly, it is annoying to give to them and annoying not to give to them."
4528196Murder ain't cool, anon.
I think that being homeless might be effecting your psyche quite a bit, you should get help for that.Yes, this coming from guy who suggests nuclear war.
You should hang yourself for looking down on your fellow mankind.>I'd murder you on the spotooh ooh ooh let me guess, you're homeless because you're retarded right?
Most of the homeless people are in their situation because of either drug abuse or mental illness.
There's really nothing that can be done to help them.
Government has tried many times and it is always a money pit with the same results.As far as poverty goes, that is a personal choice if you live in a first world country.Statistically, it's impossible to ever be below the poverty line if you just follow these rules>Don't abuse drugs and alcohol>Graduate high school>Don't have children before the age of 21 and outside of marriage>Don't accumulate consumer debtThere are plenty of infographics and numbers for this, but those four bullet points above actually miss over 90% of people that are in poverty.
There should be no such thing as a homeless person in this land of plenty, it's absurd.
I'd bet you that most of them would be overjoyed to work an honest job but there really isn't a such thing anymore in this thieving scamocracy that we live in.
Many would rather not participate in the wagecuck scam and you know what?
I don't blame them.
They may not have jack shit but they are free in ways that you and I are not.I think this entire thing has been done wrong, I think the petty and weak have been allowed to rule for far too long, I think this whole nonsense should be scrapped.
Do you guys not realize this thread is nothing but bait, or what?
Oh I guess everyone's just trying to bait everyone else.
nvm carry on.
gr8 b8 m8
This, a lot of homeless people are mentally fucked up and need help.
SF bugmen drones that work for their Technocratic Jewish overlords have no sympathy from me.
Make $120k to pay fucking $3k a month for a shitty appt in an aids wridden hellhole, all while the majority of people out on the street wouldn't be able to afford rent even if they were working.
I unironically think the world would be better with SV nuked.
Then why do their numbers grow?
There are fucking tent cities in CA.
You sound like an uneducated NEET trying to avoid working for a living>b-b-but being an unproductive hindrance on humanity is good!
There's no such thing as "fellow mankind".
What have YOU done for the people you criticize?
Oh that's right, offer to murder them.I have helped dozens of people on the street in my life.
I have never seen any of these people lift a finger back.
Now I make it a point to friendly ask for a moment of their time too when they beg for something.
None of them ever agrees unless I withhold the money, in which case they play along like greedy vultures.Poor people are poor because they make bad choices.
There's a direct correlation of pleasantness and civilisation going from the bottom economic ladder to the top.
I know what the poor people want, even when I was nice and gave them stuff with a smile: to murder me and feast on my corpse.
You express that same intent, unsurprisingly, working backwards to find an eye-for-an-eye justification when it's your behavior that created all your troubles as well as the issues between you and me.
Nuclear winter's a meme, it would never happen in any real world scenario.
It takes ground bursts to throw up a bunch of ash, but airbursts are more destructive and less polluting.
You'll need some other way to take care of the homeless.
Poor people are poor because they make bad choices>asking people with nothing to give something
how could he not look down upon beggers?
I'm serious.
Begging is a concession to your own worthless.
The way earning money works, is by offering value, whether it's services or products, to someone else.
When you beg, and essentially admit that you can not offer anything to anyone, you are very well admitting that you are completely worthless and a waste space.
At least to other people.
Otherwise you wouldn't have to beg.
Why would anyone respect such a person?
Woman detected.
Post-its® or GTFO
You deserve death you homeless scum.
Post your address ill come get you mate.
How do we remove these unpleasant people from our communities?slavery.
think of it as a social institution: those who prove they can not command their own ship without sinking, get a new captain.
4528196Oh look, another homeless piece of shit wanting to murder a productive member of society because he didn't give free shit to some random dude on the street.
People like you are why we want to get rid of the homeless.
Because maybe the situation is a self fulfilling fucking prophecy, not even on the part of the homeless?
I know a guy who works three fucking jobs, the dude literally does not stop, has been working around the clock for three months to get back on his feet.
The other day he went to go look at an apartment, and he told the landlord of his situation, and she turned him down and said "I don't rent to scumbags like you."
The guy has a clean record, isn't a junky, has been working three part time jobs for months, and it still wasn't enough for this cunt to rent to him even though he had the money to afford the place.
When the dude came back to the shelter he was just destroyed, totally fucking heartbroken and in tears.
You lack empathy if you think he didn't deserve a shot, and therefore you are literal human shit in the lowest form.
Like are you fucking serious?
When will it be enough for the arrogant members of the middle class and upper middle class to realize that it's your attitude and behaviors towards these people that is the problem?
You're painting them all as bad.
You don't know these people.
You don't know enough about them to draw such large blanket statements about them.
Beggars?
Maybe they beg because it's the last resort?
Have you ever considered that?
Like I said in one of my earlier posts, yeah, there are some shitbags who just wanna get fucked up and waste other people's money, but many of them just want something to take away the pain of being the black sheep in society.
We should be giving these people access to the tools and resources that they need to get their lives on track, like universal fucking healthcare so they can get adequate mental health and substance abuse treatment, find work and proper housing.
Bring back asylums.
Many of these people are not right in the head and need to be institutionalized.
Ironically it's the tech bros who move to SF that push people out of their houses and onto the streets.
shoots you with CCWheh... nothin personnel...
https://trofire.com/2015/07/21/3-5-million-americans-are-homeless-18-6-million-homes-in-america-are-standing-empty-what-is-wrong-with-this-picture/Why don't you then?
If you're healthy male of working age, and you're homeless, you should just do your 'fellow humankinds' a favor and kill yourself.
I love the homeless, they get vouchers to ride the bus and keep me driving the bus.
productive member of societywhat a fucking meme this has become.
What a feeble attempt to justify your worthless existence.
90% of people work jobs that do nothing to improve the population's quality of life in any meaningful way.
They are corporate slaves peddling shit that nobody actually needs.
wow you're so enlightened
Best b8 in a minute
Getting a job with your father.
There you have it, you were born into it, these guys were not.
You lack empathy if you think he didn't deserve a shotI'm not saying he doesn't deserve sympathy, (even though I kind of doubt he exists, but that's beside the point).
The thing is, that, it is impossible to take into account at all time the hardship and circumstances of everyone you meet.
It's just not possible to know.
What you're left with, is what you're presented in that moment: some dirty fucker telling you he's not worth spending any money on.that's not arrogance, but simple common sense.
>Have you ever considered that?of course I did, and out of this consideration I came to the conclusion, that you can not respect them.
They're (beggers) defined by a pathetic act, and when you respect the pathetic, your respect does not have a meaning.I'm all for altruism, as long as it is private and voluntary, but for people to receive that kind of altruism, they need to offer something back, even if it's just the prospect of the investment flourishing.
Instead, all you get is being extorted by the sight of their misfortune.
What fails, has to fail, otherwise we subsidise what is sick.
The jews wont allow it.
90% of people work jobs that do nothingkys, you commie.
as long as someone is willing to pay, it improves someones life.
How is this different with working for the state and society in socialism?
Been to SF once.
Bay area is pretty nice desu, ocean beach too.
But god damn downtown literally smells like piss it's incredible.
that's not voluntary resource allocation, but redistribution of stolen money.as such the person from who the money comes did not see a benefit in handing 'you' the money, nor did he receive a benefit from it.
spending money on things you don't want, is generally a bad idea.
4529376to make the idea behind that clear: in any voluntary transaction, both parties value the benefit greater from the transaction, than the cost they pay.
(e.g.
when you pay a buck for a can of pop, you value the fizzy drink more than the money for some reason.
probably you're thirsty.
)when you leave out the voluntary attribute of the transaction, you also kill off the wealth creation in the trade.
tell us the truth of the world then
4529376In socialism everybody work for the state and get equal services.
No clue where did you get you "stolen money" from.
Stolen from who?
You realize state prints the "money" right?
It has no inherent value.
Currently it's deeply flawed, but I strongly feel that in the future, we'll look back on the social safety net as one of human civilization's greatest creations.As a former homeless person, I care deeply about them, and I realize how living like that puts blinders on you.
Homeless people can't see a way out of their circumstances, and bad things beyond our control do happen to alot of these people.
It's frighteningly easy to think you're better than these people, or just born with higher IQ and all of that, but the reality is we're not that different, and I have alot to be humble for that I'm not in that situation anymore.For those and many other reasons, I can't possibly understand the disdain for poor people some have.
the state prints currency, not money (which is a indirect tax btw.
which brings us to:) taxes are theft, there's where the stolen money comes from.
and when everyone works for the state, e.g.
no one works for himself, everyone is enslaved.if you're so much in favour of mass starvation, I'm sure /ck/ is a better board for you.
Fuck off commie.
the thing cuckservatives don't understand is that free will is an illusion.
I was born with extremely high neuroticism and low conscientiousness.
The only thing that has kept me off the streets is above average intelligence.
There's an insightful book called the welfare gene that discusses all of this.
Social learning is very real.
If you give someone an incentive not to work, then chances are they won't.
But discarding an entire portion of the human species simply because they were dealt a bad hand is heartless.Conservatives on average have higher amgydala activation, meaning they are more easily threatened.
Liberals activate more of the brain region associated with empathy.
If someone wants to push the social darwinism narrative, then that's their choice to believe in it.
But don't expect to survive as a species this way.
when everyone works for the state, e.g.
no one works for himself, everyone is enslaved.State gives you your basic needs like your Jew corporate master i do not see the difference desu.
What do you mean by working for yourself?
only thing that has kept me off the streets is above average intelligence*tips fedora*>simply because they were dealt a bad hand is heartless.Are you suggesting all homeless people were dealt a bad hand?
With your superior intelligence, surely you know a hyperbole is a logical fallacy>Conservatives on average have higher amgydala activationAhhh yes, this entire group of people have higher "amygdala activation" because of their political ideology.
I'm sure you'd source this if your higher intelligence didn't deem it beneath you>liberals activate more of the brain region associated with empathyThis seems inherently worse than the converse
Work for a company that isn't in the middle of a literal shithole.
Move out of San Fran.
Retard
what?State gives you your basic needs like your Jew corporate masterno wonder you're homeless.
how come you lefties are always this hate filled?
anyway, here's the magic difference:people have different aspirations.
for some it might be becoming a domesticated animal: get your basic needs, never be challenged, never grow.
for others it might be a stupid dream or something abstract ideal.
either way, when you work for yourself, you work towards your goal.
(when you're employed, you're still working for yourself: you want what you get from selling your labour for furthering your goal.
)when you work for the state, or better said for the sake of others, you no longer chase your own goals, but the goals of others.that's was very much expressed by the fact that in socialist systems, you were unable to change your own outcome by your own will and ability.
you weren't allowed to become anything you want.
your life was dictated by others.
and you couldn't just say fuck it and leave, you our your family got shot or imprisoned for that.
that is slavery.
the bad kind.
Stop being so triggered, faggot.
It's known that on average, conservative people are higher in certain mental traits, lower in others, and on average liberal people are higher in opposite traits (like creativity and openess for example).
Nothing he's saying is wrong.
Are you trying to same homeless people aren't dealt a bad hand or that bad things don't happen to people?
Maybe you just believe that because you've had your ass wiped for you your whole life and it threatens your ego to come to terms with that.
just writing off the cuff.
Didn't expect some autist to parse every word.
what makes for a bad or good hand?
I'll let each person decide.
My argument is simply that you have no conscious control over your decisions.
Your entire life is the sum of subconscious forces.
An inextricable play between genes and environment.
Reaction to that environment is determined by transcription factors unique to your DNA.
If I ask you to think of a city, what did you think of?
Surely if free will existed, there would be no more appropriate time to execute it.
It's seemingly the most free choice you can make.
Only, you really don't know why you chose it.
You can justify it ad-hoc all you want, but the fact is that it just popped into your brain.
All decisions and thoughts, no matter how complex, can be reduced to subconscious percolations like this.
says he's intelligent>argues with emotionskys
Because California is the Mecca of scum, it's only natural that homeless junkies would be drawn there like a magnet.
Because once you got in legal trouble you can never get a decent job or apartment again and just give up
you realize that emotions underlie all 'logical' behavior?Why are you on a financial board right now?
Because you want to make or save money.
Why?
Because money grants you security/freedom/pleasure.
Why do you want those things?
Because they eliminate negative emotions and (hopefully) yield positive ones.
OH NO
Zyklon b
UBI
It's known that on average, conservative people are higher in certain mental traits, lower in others, and on average liberal people are higher in opposite traits (like creativity and openess for example).
Nothing he's saying is wrong.On what basis do you define who is conservative and who is liberal?
Are moderates in that case superhumans?The human mind is just way too complex to spout dichotomized bullshit like that
what is self-reportinghttp://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.372.3359&rep=rep1&type=pdf
tfw American citizen and met all those points and even graduated from an ivy league school but still in poverty because I can't get a fucking job
if you graduated from an Ivy, chances are your IQ is north of 120.
Now imagine being exposed to lead/mercury during childhood, stunting your cognitive development, and leaving you with an IQ of 90.
On average^honestly i feel like Conservative and Liberal have weirdly lost all meaning in recent years and they've devolved into petty insults.
I guess I'd consider someone hesitant on gay marriage more conservative, and someone in favor of welfare programs more liberal.
4530154>you realize that emotions underlie all 'logical' behavior?do you realise emotions make a very bad 'logical' argument?
they're not the basis of logic, ratio is.
they might be motivators, but being on a financial board, you should know making your decisions based on them will fuck your shit up.
there's no logic in feefees.
They enjoy smelling like piss.
You can smell them a mile away and they enjoy that fact.
The poor are fucked up in the head.
Hoping many freeze to death this winter, so while I walk I am not affronted by the smell of urine.
Plenty of work needs to be done in Africa.
Just sayin
live in sf on 120k/yearso you're asking how to remove yourself?
Forced employment doing menial tasks for people that refuse to join the work force.
Just make them clean up garbage on the side of highways, fuck it.
Many would rather not participate in the wagecuck scam and you know what?
I don't blame them.
I'm sure their "choice" to be homeless was a principled one.>They may not have jack shit but they are free in ways that you and I are not.What is this, Always Sunny?
Charlie is a motherfucking FICTIONAL CHARACTER.
Don't you see that if you remove the poor, you will be the new poor?
retard.
ok, let's look at my postI asserted:free will is an illusion.
Not trying to write a damn thesis here.
I made an appeal to logic in the following post.political ideologies are associated with varying degrees of brain region activation.
Didn't think this was at all controversial.
But I also provided citation in later post.I said that discarding an entire portion of the population is heartless.
This is a value judgement.
It's irreducible.
Claiming it to be illogical is meaningless, and I'm sure you know this, but it is at odds with your own values.I asserted that the human race will not perpetuate under this format.
This was me spit balling.
If civilization does not technologically progress, then eventually we will be eradicated by a disease, asteroid, gamma ray burst, etc.
As the free market progresses the distribution of wealth will become more and more concentrated into the hands of a few, especially with AI + human bioengineering on the horizon.
We will eventually have the means to eliminate suffering.
you're probably talking to a trump fan ideological faggot
I said that discarding an entire portion of the population is heartless.
This is a value judgement.
It's irreducible.
Claiming it to be illogical is meaningless, and I'm sure you know this, but it is at odds with your own values.it's an appeal to emotion.
(actually it's even worse and an attempt at disincentivising people from disagreeing with you, as such an act would leave them with questionable moral values in the eyes of others, probably 'ostracised'.
essentially you're saying 'either you're with me, or you're a monster'.)
It is an illogical point to make, unless of course it was intended in the very way I described in the brackets.
In that case your whole argument is just intellectually dishonest.
Otherwise I have to wonder why you even mentioned it.
Well, anyway, I am being nitpicky here and honestly I was just trying to mildly 'troll' in the first place.
So who cares.Regarding all the other things you've say, I mostly agree with you.
Except of course I have a far more optimistic outlook on both the future and the free market.
And of course I draw different conclusions from them than you do.
If you apply soap and water to a homeless person they dissolve like the wicked witch.
Their stank is what holds them physically to this dimension.
Then tell me why American troops are defending poppy fields.It's the Chinese opium crisis except it's designed by American elites for American poors.
They don't give a fuck.
because it fucks with russia way more than with the us?
Poor anon here.
Short on rent this month, short 0.036.
Help me plz I dont want to have to bug you on the street anon.
Plz anon i'll forever be thankful.
Anything helps.1393EAuMKFMRmGapXakYYYk7Wv26g1kevA
this piss smelling guy had the audacity to ask me for change in front of my date, of course I ignore him and my date FLIPS the fuck outfuckthey know exactly what they're doing.and females are too stupid to not be mad at you for giving out free money
I live in Vancouver and it's absolutely horrible here.
The chink foreign investors came in, bought up the properties, let them sit empty and kept jacking up the price.
Most people who couldn't afford it just moved further and further from the city, but there was a lot of people with mental illness who didn't have the capacity to pick up their lives and relocate, mixed with all the drugs coming in the city, just stacked problems on problems.The major shit here is heroin from china which is rampant in the city, and now as a plan to remove the homeless, the chinks have started bringing fentynal to try and kill them off which has leaked to the mainline drug users and started to even push into other provincesAll because the BC government is jewy as fuck and now people here are to libfaggy, that if you even mention chinese in any convo about realty or the downfall of the city, you're called racist.I love it here, but it's so fucking shit
Umad