Why is Vitalik not promoting Link?
One little tweet from him and we all make it.
Thing is that ETH is literally worthless without CL, Sergeys masterpiece is what brings it to actual real world use.
Uh he did mention LINK already.He said it's overvalued lmao
deluded linkies BTFO
rektttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
He also said Ethereum is overvalued.
He clearly doesn't care about money a whole lot, leave the price speculation to investors not some autist alien.
deluded LINKie detected
He also thinks ETH is overvaluedHe also thinks you should be required to immediately sell your house to anyone willing to pay a fair market price for it because he's a commie and anyone who takes his advice on economics is a moron.
Dude's a genius but doesn't have the first clue about real world use cases for the technology he's involved in
Salty tweet.
Sergey figured out what Money Skelly forgot.
Yeah hes just a dev.
Not a business man.Still, he is part of every major project in some way.
Yet he distanced himself from chainlink because pajeets were using him to shill it.
Should tell you something.
Not this low effort FUD again.
Vitalik said ETH shouldnt be worth more than 8 to 15 usd too.
Every crypto holder was deluded at some point.
People called ethereum a shitcoin and vitalik a scammer back in the day.
maybe... he doesn't want any of you trump supporting poltards to make it.
These are the standard LINKie talking points
Vitalik is also a commie scum that says that it should be possible for you to get kicked out of your own house if somebody else wanted it.
tfw you're out of FUD so just recycle MUH LINK IS OVERVALUED meme... grow up child.
lmao again another dipshit regurgitating the same talking points as earlier in the thread.
You LINKies are great fun.
Well, as an illiterate underage autistic marxist faggot who came to be a billionaire by doing some lines of coding at the right time you don't suddenly become a smart guy in every field of life, even though some ballsucking cucks may believe every word out of his mouth is the pinnacle of absolute truth.
Investmentwise it is completely irrelevant what the moron says.
It just happens to be a nice marketing gag to be "endorsed" by money skelly.
But in reality things don't suddenly moon because of it.
because vitalik's idiotic tweet isn't some regurgitated shit?
Yup and they were saying BTC is for pedos and white collared crackheads, now fucking look at it...I take pride in being called a deluded linkie
The purpose of sharing it was because it directly answered OP's question
Cool now try to refute anything I just said
its just like raiden.vitalik deosn't like the methodology they've gone through, and the broken token model they're adopting.
so he's directly funding a raiden competitor thats going to completely destroy raiden because it has the full backing of the primary developer of the network.if he thought oracles were that closely solvable, and were that necessary for ethereum, he would fund a pure ethereum oracle interface that would work directly with his raiden killer.
SRS question, does ETH actually do anything yet?
does any cryptocurrency?
apart from bitcoin, ethereum, monero for dark purchases, and maybe something else i'm forgetting, there isn't much "use" of any of these shitcoins apart from people pump and dumping them on exchanges.
Vitalik literally hates money.
FUCK CRYPTOFOX THAT LTTTLE FUCKING FAGGOT ILL KILL U
4274828Link to tweet?
4274689 (OP)>Salty tweet.
Sergey figured out what Money Skelly forgot.Eating?