So... You all believe, and hope that your riches will come from luck and cryptocurrencies.
What about actual business strategies and models, to gain monetary worth by providing customers with a value you can designed and implemented....
I am looking to build a team, post your skills and we can go from there...
Internet marketing, Growth hacking
No real skills beyond operating various woodworking machines but I'm honest and hardworking.
Looking to slowly get into working for myself or with a partner.
I'm in the Virginia area.
Yes...op...i...agree
i am good customer support my americana friend.I can telephone in english and hindi.
I want cryptocurrency money to start a business in the first place....It's really difficult to get the money you need unless you inherit or work your ass off to meet investors
Kek
Facebook adsReddit adsinternet marketingwebsite designtshirt design and sales and marketingshitpostingcomputer programmingStock/company technical and fundamental analysisHave access to a Bloomberg Terminal and have been certified to use itCan talk over phone or in person without sounding like an autistGreat political understandingTrend analysisConstantly up to date on world affairs and political affairs
nonsensenonsensememenonsensememewageycollegespecialized knowledgeyou can work on thatyou can work on thatmemeyou can work on that
Sounds gay
Get organized and use strength in numbers.https://discord.gg/AcVjfCb
I'm... good at woodburning...
I can make rune sets, boxes, plaques, they have a lot of detail and are very pretty.I sold a custom box for $50 once.
I'm sure if I was less lazy and put effort into Etsy and fandom items and marketing through cancerous sites like Reddit and Tumblr I could get decent side money.
omg the cringe
Only stupid platonians think like you.
You won't be able to compete with anyone using current context without exceptional skill or insight.
That ship is long sailed if you dont have a revolutionary idea.
Taking stupid risks is way more logical for low-middle class people.
last year:electrical engineerthis year:meme gambler