Is iliza right?Should we just give up dreams of the lambo and stay being wagecucks?https://streamable.com/oy11f
She is if you think you fit her description.
There needs to be bottom-tier people to do bottom-tier work.
Depends if you can honestly say you're not subject to the Dunning-Kruger effect.
Ask the smartest people you know to be honest about your abilities, yes there is a certain degree of overconfidence necessary for success, but you need to back it up with 'results'.
So rather than just say "maaan I don't care what you haters say" ask people who's opinions are trustworthy, and triangulate them, to see how they rate your abilities and understand how they came to those conclusions.I mean, she's a fucking stand up comedian or whatever the fuck she does, I don't know - I think I only know of her because she's hot.
She's not exactly Andrei Tarkvosky, or Mozart, or Kate Bush, or Anis Nin - pushing forward human culture herself.So while she's managed to escape wagecucking and work a "non-real job" (but make no mistake, should WORKS.
Publicity is a full time job ) she's not exactly hitting it out of the ball park.
She's probably not super rich, she's not creating masterworks.
So that in itself means there's a gradient, it's not:>Wagecuck | Greatnessit's more like>Wagecuck | higher paid wagecuck | Manager | Surviving on "not-real job" | Entrepreneur | Super-Entrepreneur
But what if we make robots do all of that?
There will always be 'Bottom Tier work', not to get Derrida on you, but someone is going to be on "the bottom" that might not be manual labour in a theoretical automatized paradise where machines do all the 'work', but there will still be a social hierarchy, and people with more money will have better and more robots.Of course, automation will probably take hundreds of years to roll out completely, there's a reason why it's sometimes still cheaper to get third worlders to make shit than CMC machines, there's also a reason why even when Heron of Alexander was making all these fucking amazing steam engines and coin-operated water fountains, the Romans didn't go Industrial Revolution, and neither did medieval China.
Absolutely.
I'd say over 95% of wagecucks are fine with being wagecucks if it means they get to buy a new TV or that new bag they wanted.
Sitting in a box from 9 to 5 is tolerable if it means they get dental and their own parking spot.
It's easy.
Doing something entrepreneurial or unconventional to make money typically isn't easy.
True.
It's a big gradient.
I consider myself higher paid wage cuck.
She also works for a living despite shitting on dumb people having to wage cuck.
She's still on the hamster wheel threadmill like most of us but thinks she is smarter yet she is 34 and no kids.
Bullshit.
Most people have shit ass judgment, all expect Trump.
You simply just have to never give up, continously work your ass off, be reliable and disciplined - and eat shit, get humiliated and take the pain till you love it.
Also deliver rewults but be aware that building something worthwile is a shitload of small gains you will not notice directly but only over a longer period of time.
Iliza grew up in an ultra rich family and was able to pursue her dreams unhindered.
Now she is talking shit on people who were given nothing in life while she was given everything.
How does that make you feel?
Oftentimes this is the case.
She's still on the hamster wheel threadmill like most of us but thinks she is smarter yet she is 34 and no kids.Which to relate to  guy's point, some people are happy with their lot.
It's like Plato on Odysseys in the Myth of Er.What part is bullshit?
How does what I say contradict what you said?Now she is talking shit on people who were given nothing in life while she was given everything.
How does that make you feel?She is under-performing, she should aim higher in life.
She's also overvaluing her achievements and skills.
Born on 3rd base, basically did acting or some bullshit degree and made it because her looks and because female comedians are absolutely garbage.
At the end of the day she works.
She might make a couple hundred thousand more than me each year but if she ran out of gigs she'll be broke with no main to support her cougar ass.
No man* to support her not no main*
she's wrong and clearly a bitch
she's wrongWhy?
One day every human being will be near worthless thanks to machines and AI, and our primary function will be to use our universal basic income to buy company stocks..
Essentially voting directly with our money
Lol that bitch looks like a tranny Adam Sandler
She's an idiot.
It's a typical liberal fantasy that the smart ones rule the world.
They don't.
It's combination of hard work and, more importantly, being born in the right family.
Only a minimum IQ is required.
cant unsee it now LOLOL
not everyone is meant to be happyto say that just means you wanna sound edgy and be a bitch.
https://youtu.be/iZM_JmZdqCwThiel talks about hard work vs luck
I have to agree that in our day and age luck matters more than it did in the past.
Hard work doesn't count for a lot these days unless you make it count somehow.
Ah okay, good point.
Also teleology is usually for idiots
I could never understand the wagecuck mindset.
It baffles me that people could contentedly do the same simple task over and over again for years on end.
Because of this:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)It's the same reason people become Monks, or painters...well... keep painting.For some people they can find their existential needs screwing stuff on in a production line.
Thats too broad of a word Im talking the low level non stimulating work.
I can experience flow no problem wen Im properly challenged.
I have no idea how people do it, when its a simple repetitive task.
I can manage for a year, maybe even one and a half, but after that I start to hate it.
Wagecucking is not that difficult if you have a good gig with a laid-back boss at a good company.
Trade and research crypto at work.
Work from home once to twice a week.
No set time to be at work.
No set time to leave.
Unless I'm misunderstanding the true definition of wagecuck.
there's a reason why it's sometimes still cheaper to get third worlders to make shit than CMC machinesThird worlders can't do the job a CMC can, no human can in reality.
But in terms of automated farming the technological curve is right around the corner but third world labor is stalling the next evolution much like slavery did for the industrial revolution.
ya fucking what?Our world is more decentralized than ever -- some dude in some backward ass country can talk to somebody in the richest nation in the world instantly.
I can manage for a year, maybe even one and a half, but after that I start to hate it.That's just you.
I'm sure that there's a large swath of the population who love that shit.
I mean, think about Ludic Loops and Candy Crush and Video Poker.
Especially video poker.
That's about as simple as you can get, push a couple of buttons randomly.
They are doing that for the pleasure, as a pass time.Third worlders can't do the job a CMC can,You're right, bad example.
I should have said spray painting molded plastic or something like that> But in terms of automated farming the technological curve is right around the corner but third world labor is stalling the next evolution much like slavery did for the industrial revolution.great example.
Interestingly, would automated farming decrease global food scarcity?
Or is that a larger industry/distribution issue, not one of costs in producing food?
How out of touch are you?
Nobody is content with it.
It's simply better than being homeless and starving and most people don't have the ability, or just aren't in the right situation, to do any better.