holy shit
i warned you allmade over $20k so far
just broke 30
I fucking hate myself for not buying the ico but I'm still in this.
All aboardThis isn't even a pump.
Wait till news starts trickling in
Saw the ico thought it was a scam due to biz fud and linkedin memesFuck you
Lol also saw the ICO but got fuded by "lol only 2 eth marketcap"and this shit did x20..
individual cap *
Lmao these buys on ED
It's already at x22, but with a tiny mcap.The longer you all keep staring at it, the more shitty you'll feel for missing out
What was the cap at ico?
I swear I got in all biz meme icos; odn, bmc, chainlink, tnt, req and so forth.
They all did pretty shit and EXACTLY the one I skip goes fucking nuts.Just unfair
Give it to me straight lads - Is it too late to get in?
Welp.
Turns out Confido is the next Confido
Exact same here, except I didn't do the two on your list which did well : LINK and ODNGot into enigma, bmc, airswap, request...
You might get a x3 or 4 out of it
Less than $400k.
Maybe $375k?
They only asked for 1,250 ETH.Not late if you're willing to hold for 3-6 weeks to see 2-4x gains.
k hard cap.Binance listing at the end of December, alpha release in January.
I mean idk where this coin should be but it clearly deserves to be better than rank 250 lmao
this shit has 9 milolion coins its going to at least 2 -3 $
We have broken $1, I repeat, we have broken $1.
Congratulations to those who have now 25x'd their investment and ETH and managed to time their gains in a dip in BTC.
If you participated in the ICO, every ETH you contributed is now worth 1 BTC.
Damn, another day another reason to kill myself.
Congrats to you rich goys.
Maybe some day I'll get there.
lol shitcoin
this shit is going to $2 easy.
just bought some more.
wow super low marketcap compared to similar projects.
super humble team to ask for 1k eth?
this going to blow up.
super comfy holding comfydo
Seller sends a brick instead of a laptop and buyer gets scammed oh look now Confido is pointless selll this scam coin now
wow super salty you missed on 25x gains lol.
Ayy it's almost like you didn't read the whitepaper.
If you did, you probably would've bought and got gains.Funds are released 24 hours after delivery, and the buyer has that 24 hours as a grace period to file a claim.
At that time, the buyer and seller can come to an agreement as to what has happened.
If they cannot reach an agreement, the Kleros decentralized tribunal handles the case and comes to a decision for them.
Note that filing false claims doesn't do anything for a buyer trying to scam, as they don't get the coins back unless the seller or tribunal rules in their favor; they just get frozen in escrow.
also, there will be a secure messaging system within the app, so that buyers can contact sellers and vice versa