What's up with the btc network my transaction is pending for 45+ minutes from coinbase to my binance acct.
4287984whats wrong with the *coinbase network
Some exchanges require email verification.
See if they sent you something.
Ok
I've waited 5 hours for hitbtc one time lol fuck btc block
You're supposed to buy eth and transfer that.
you didn't allow for 2MB blocks.
now you suffer the consequences, Your punishment must be more severe.
god damn.that's gonna cost you like.. 80 bucks.i hope you're at work right now.cover that shipping fee.
jej
It cost $5 fren
Spam attack.
+ sat/bytespam attackmfw
Lmao.
You seriously think it's not?
Right when BCH gets pumped?
It couldn't be more obvious.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsThere's a massive transaction queue.
BTC is very vulnerable to this when a lot of people try to transact.
It's a shitcoin.
Attention my transaction went through it's being confirmed now
This is a true story (it actually is).
I sent 1.3 BTC from my Electrum wallet to Bitstamp (wanted to dump it around 7000 USD).
The transaction took....36 HOURS.
Yes , thirty six hours.
I didn’t change any of the default Electrum settings with respect to fees or anything.
Just used the defaults.
After about 24 hours I noticed the status on Electrum changed to “low fee!
!” But it’s impossible to change it once it’s been sent.
Took 36 hours to get confined.
THE FUTURE IS NOW NOW NOW
you can now speed up your unconfirmed bitcoin transactions by spending bitcoin cash at bitmain pool
Hello I am Jihan.
Let me tell you my story, friends.
Gather around the fire.>be me, master schemer, maxed out at cunning since birth>conspire with other big dick miner oligarchs for concerted action>wait till the difficulty adjustment for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>accumulate more over months, leading to the 300-600 rise.>use rest of BTC to pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>cause cautious people to become afraid and sell their BTC for USD or ETH>cause opportunists to go hard into BCH>watch total uncomfirmed transactions on the BTC blockchain rise to a high level>when BCH has reached a high price and the market fears a flippening and is already in flight from BTC and his own BTC stores are low, take the ladder out from under BTC by putting all hash power on mining BCH so BTC networks stalls completely as if the massive transaction queue isn't already enough>cause flippening for real>make out of this with more than 14X gains on average because he also had those mining gains from back then and now they are tenfold valuable.>spin it all as being political and because BCH is the best bitcoinBiggest heist of all time.
Brilliant, genius.
I am best.
It's clogged with people moving Bitcoin to exchanges to dump them for Bitcoin Cash.4288547
have millions and millions of dollars>still have micropenis Welp
I've been waiting for hours while I've been losing hundreds.
4289285>still be a subhuman chink
There are no btc miners left
Should put some of those millions into that ugly face
I never transfer BTC unless it is to/from cold storage, which is to say never because I hodl it.
Your "transfers" are "transactions" that are being logged on the world's largest blockchain with the greatest difficulty and the highest fees.
What are you, fucking stupid?
When I want to transfer from one exchange to the other I use Ethereum and sometimes, Litecoin.
BCH... yeah, not nearly as fast or cheap.
Newfags.
Every fucking time.