In regards to the increasing frequency of violent and hostile content on /biz/, I've decided to found the official Community of Crypto Kinship™, or /cock/ for short.We are all on this board because we believe that crypto will change the world.
We mustn't fight against each other, but rather we should try our hardest to put our crypto coin believes and preferences aside to focus on our common goal - bringing crypto currencies to the real world./cock/ should only be used for objectively unbiased crypto news discussion.No PvP, no shilling of altcoins.You are welcome to create a /cock/ thread whenever you can't find one in the catalog already.
But please do so only while using the official /cock/™ licensed logo, attached to this post.
It would be in the general interest of the community for fiat to be finally put to death.Once the dollar collapses (or depreciates) everyone holding coins and alternatives to paper will profit.Rather then fighting with each other we should attach fiat.
USD is especially vulnerable.
will this /cock be huge?
To be honest I don't think that fiat money is going to disappear in the next few decades.
There are still too many conservative people around.
Also there are a whole lot of dependencies from governments, banks, etc.
that will make it very difficult to move the major part of the global economy to crypto some day.
But I am positive that crypto will definitely get more and more attention and increase in value over time.
What do you guys think the NEO announcement will be about?
Personally, I think it's going to be about the integration of NEX (decentralized exchange) with the Loopring protocol.
That's the wrong attitude man.
We have to be on the offense here.
I would like to get to lamboland sometime before age 55.
It's not impossible with the power of supreme memetics
I mean I am surely not ruling it out and I definitely hope that fiat will disappear as soon as possible.To be honest, making statements or predictions about the future is useless anyway.
We can never foresee what's going to happen in the next 10, 20, 50 years.
I mean if we're actually going to witness another global economy crash, I think it would be quite realistic for crypto to achieve mainstream adaption.Either way, we'll all make it brah
The establishment won't go out without a fight.
They pay for war by inflating currency.
Crypto doesn't allow for this.
If they lose control of money they won't be able to wage war.If we all attack fiat while we still can we have a fighting chance.
(and become rich in the process)
BTW here's the black version of the logo
notes backed by crypto´ could be part of the transition and a way to do non public transctions, for anti (((surveillance))) purposes.they would just need some kind of hide/reveal function.
usb could be jused but, they arent a established standart and you need internet acces to know the balance.
The dinosaur banks are not interested in negotiating with the crypto comet that will make them extinct.If they try to hijack it they will work their scams and middlemen into the system.
The truth is that today there's no need for banks anymore.We need a controlled demolition of the old system.
why negotiate?
if someone just made these "notes" they would have value right away because they would be loaded with crypto, say in a smart contracts, that could be payed out to a wallet.
anybody could print them, its just about having some concensus on the standart-s. with this we wouldnt need banks and goverments, we make our own money, and make it both anonymous and untraceable, untraceable as long as you exchange in physical notes.