> Modum has participated in various start-up competitions since its inception in 2016, winning cash prizes and earning key guidance and mentorship from prominent entities.
They took 1st place in the “Future and Emerging Technologies vertical of the Kickstart Accelerator 2016”, beating 850 other projects from 40 countries> Completed Pilot 3.0: Two phases were conducted; in the first phase, Customer processes was implemented and stabilized.
In the second phase, additional efforts and the duration of the temperature data read-out process was quantified.
Modum easily surpassed the objectives in stellar fashion, achieving an average readout of only eight seconds for 100% of the shipments (the goal was 95% of all readouts within 30 seconds)>Modum’s unique edge over these competitors is that they have focused on a specific, market-driven use case in order to enter the market quickly and effectively.
They are focused on applying our technology for use in pharma distribution in order to help distributors and manufacturers meet the updated regulations outlined in the Good Distribution Practice of Medicinal Products for Human Use.for more info read https://masterthecrypto.com/modum-analysis-modum-review/ Accumulate before year end
Nice shill, worth 10 rupies.Listen to me anons todayb ill give back to you.Thing is they do have good tech, it is awsome blockchain usecase,they did won prizes, its really good shit for industry.Bad news is there is 0 use for token, and it's pseudo "muh shares/rights/dividends" are bearly legal and really gamble for investors because its worst from both worlds (shares/crypto).It may be 2X, 3X short mid term but this is not your 10x-100x moonshot.Gl anons.
Shill me what you think will be a 10x-100x moonshot.
Dear Anon wish i knew, i guessed ETH (from 20$ sadly ) and ANS from ground zero.I missed with LINK (memes asside it still can go 5x-10x but no more sadly).Patience is a key if you are not whale.Im bullish on ETP but have no idea is it objective or im nostalgic on days random chinkcoin made me halfrich.As you can notice i suck at shilling.
Even 2x/3x would be awesomeThere is a pump for modum planned to start on the 18th, it was discussed here yesterday and on other crypto forums too, don't know if legit or no but that'd be great
The coin is essentially a stock.
Maybe no more use than a common share in a company, but this is exactly what I was looking for when I first entered crypto.
A pseudo-share in a legitimate company (that’s what really attracted me to NEO).
I just don’t understand the FUD around the use of this token...