I deliver this as a LINK bagholder
Waiting for like to moon like
Source?
Nowhere does this say SWIFT is using XRP.
(Even if they did, XRP and LINK don't compete...)10/10 FUD tho.
All this says is SWIFT are not making their own crypto.
Good for link in my opinion
ripple isn't a decentralised oracle you fucking fuckripple and chainlink can coexistt.
XRP and LINK holder
Ahah brainlet if you fud the minimum is to know your shit
wew, link is finished with this..
I really thought I was going to make it, but it looks like the dream is over.
Finally I can get rid of these heavy bags
Nothing in here suggests that SWIFT would work with Ripple, just that SWIFT isn't planning on making their own cryptocurrency.
In fact, this supports the idea that they'll be using LINK.
They specifically state that their network will be able to support banks wanting to issue their own cryptocurrencies, which is what LINK is aiming to do.
Sold my link today for ripple.
YESSS
They never stated they weren't using link or that they were planning on using ripple.
Just that they aren't making their own currency.
this is probably the weakest fucking fud of all time, you can do better anon.
At least put some fucking effort into the FUD or make it entertaining.
4523093You are so deluded that I feel sad for the money you've lost.
muh LINKYou retards aren't reading between the lines.
All you're looking for is a statement that says if they are using Ripple or not, disregard ripple for a second, meanwhile they LITERALLY tell you they won't be creating their own crypto, meaning there is NO way for them to use LINK at all>b-but they could use l-li-SHUT UP pajeet
By the same logic you could say that link has Partnerships with swift, Microsoft, Visa, Intel, Etc...Trolls trolling trolls
GOD DAMNIT YOU PEOPLE ARE STUPID.It's a GOOD thing they are not creating their own crypto.
That's why they will need LINK.They can use blockchain technology without needed to create a crypto currency you fucks.
That's why they NEED LINK.LINK IS BIGGER THAN CRPYTO.
4523196You aren't getting a (You) for FUD this shitty.
How could you possibly interpret that paragraph like that
Oh boy.
You have less IQ than amoeba.
When FUD actually turns out to be a positive and interesting piece of information.
Its funny how that only ever happens to Link.