((((they)))) did this to stop the flippening

 exchange going offline cuts the price in half instantly?hm...yup totally not centralized, we're goodS A T O S H I S V I S I O N
Lol what a robust currency!
kike retard
% of the volume was on bithumb
lol DDOS.
Don't fuck with Core fuckheads
im so glad this nightmare is over.
now we can return to normal pnds and chainlink wojacks
1 straight up chink exchange with no fees goes down>makes BCH drop 60% immediately even though it's on literally every single exchangeYeah, that's a coin I really want to be putting my money into
Did they make the call to kill BCH?
fucking chinks ruin everything in crypto.
ETH used to do the same shit, not shilling for BCH though.
O N E C A L LNECALL
chainlink wojacksI love this place.
the entire reason BCH dropped was because the koreans/chinese can't buyHOLY FUCK I'm glad I didn't panic sell, they'll scoop up all this cheap BCH all the westerners just spilled out
are you saying that BCH pump stopped just because someone did not like it a decided to DDoS exchange with biggest volume?
It's fucking 4:31pm in gookland, they must be smashing their heads on the walls over this shit.
I'm a chink, what did I do?
B O G G E DOGGED
im a jew, you get used to being blamed for everything dont worry
F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5
the pump will resume once they fixed the exchange
KEK
Bithumb will come back and BCH will start rising again.
Or the trading will move to another exchange.
Or they did it on purpose to get it more cheap again to sell higher , taking your money left and right before you know it, you’ll be holding bags
You clearly don't know how Chinese insiders work.
They will fuck each other over.
Enjoy the bags retard
Why is BCH still 0.3 on Bitfinex and 0.5 on Kraken?
What the shit
Holy shit
Kraken down
you corecucks are salty af

Why are there so many orders made in this minute then?
Sold BCH at .28 during crash after buying 2.3 at .154 will I regret my weak hands?
i pumped n dump it
oh man, why didnt you put a stop loss at 0.48 like smart money did?
USDT-BCC on bitfinex is triangling and around $1800 while BCH/USD on Kraken changes between $2000 and $2150
Binance no stop loss :( was hovering on the sell button for a second also... Couldn't decide.
Decided not to be greedy and take modest gains instead of bagholding.
Hoping I won't regret my weak hands.
If I wake up and bch is .4 I'll kms
Fucking Jiiiiiiihaaaaaaaaann
Theres nothing wrong with minimizing your exposure in a big fucking unknown like BCH.
This is a really fucking wild ride.
Ya.
I wish I'd walked at the peak when my portfolio was worth 7k.
Now it's 5.5.
I should be thankful it's not the 4.5k it was yesterday from the btc dip.
It's been a wild ride for sure.
but it's over yet, 48 more hours at least