thank you this shit is about to go parabolic
you're welcome, I am always with you my son
There were like 10 of us shilling POWR.
It's an obvious pick.
did research after saw ur postbought last nitekeep moving up stop loss and it still hasn't hitbless u
bought at 800 satssold at 1.2 realized its not a shitcoin and panic bought back now have half what i originally did ARHGHHHHHHH
these retards only bought powr because of pateeka
keep moving up stop loss every +.000001
YEAH BOYS WE IN IT NOOOOOW
sold at 4857 dno when to buy back FUCKKK WHY AM I SWING TRADING HELP ME LADS
stop loss trigger up 40% will buy back under 4.6kno grets
What's the reason for the sudden pump though?
Great that I finally caught caught a moon mission but what is it?
No news has come out in the past few hours so it has to be either insider info, secret pump groups or sheer momentum swing due to whales earlier on.
If it's insider info, someone or something big is investing.
If it's some pump group, there's a chance speculation has lead to POWR being the Palm Beach pick (?).
If it's just a good day then it's overbought and will probably settle back down.
cheap coins pump easilyif there's hype
I have no clue.
I have been watching from the sidelines in morbid fascination
Seems to be organic dude.
fuck knowsmy guess is that it was on many peoples radars and now BTC has stopped being a mess people are putting cash into the alts they had a big eye onneeds a proper correction soon though but every time it looks to be about to dip it just "powers" up again
some nerd on binance trying to keep the price down but theres buy orders on bittrex that clear his entire fake sells at a higher price..
FWIW - I shilled POWR first & the hardest.
I was there for every FUD fight from people claiming to be from Australia that were really just US investors trying to get the price down.
I don't want to put down my address for any bullshit greed.
My only advice is that 1) you try to hold onto it until Summer - even if it dips 2) try to get other investors to buy.
thanks
is it too late?
Nah.
This shit is going to 50c real soon.
I wouldnt be a /biznessman/ if I dont put money in off of the hunch of a stranger from the internet.
I'll drop a couple hundred on it.
BTC seems to be stablised.
I need gainz
took that 40% and put it back in at .00005010lets do this
shit I had some but I sold them yesterday for the NEO runNow I wait for the next dip
are you joking or did you actually just buy?this is coming down like a rock soon, no coin can sustain a rise like this.. its already halted on binance as bittrex keeps rising
stop loss idiotcant lose
stop loss idiot>stop loss>loss>cant lose?????
Far out that was a hectic few minutes, there's no way that was organic unless it was a FOMOfest
classic biz writing off a sure fire winner as a shillNek minute we mooningStill going to sit out?
?If you don't buy now and hold for the next 6 months consider yourself cucked.
Buy now while it's still extremely cheap, hold and reap the 20x benefits.
8 mil gov backing from the Aus government.
Plus a director who is the mayor of Perth (hint: capital city in Australia).
Don't fuck yourself on this one.
not doing short term buy ins and making thousands in one night lol
im thankful too bought in at 2650 thanks to biz love u guys
managed to get in on ICO @ 8cents Australian.
2333 POWR BAG.
Huge hype over solar power and electricity right now.
Ride this wave anon.
volume increased 4x of previous peak.
someone is in the knowPBC pick confirmed
That right there is called a shooting star.SELL SELL SELL
sold at 6k