LINK is definitely the most shilled coin right now... by like 1000000%.
The fact that it is shilled on here 10x more than any other is, in itself, a sign that it will 10x+ eventually.
Say what you will but if you don't hop on now, have fun getting rich another way.
ETH was shilled relentlessly> Antshares was shilled relentlessly > LINK is shilled relentlesslyAre you following me?
We will all be rich
At this point Link has been shilled and fudded harder than ETH and ANS.
I do agree that LINK has the potential to go 10x and beyond, but I think the biz hype is simply due to the presale pools that were going around a couple months ago.That's where most of biz, including myself, got our first bags
When I get rekt badly I seriously think about going all in on link.Just bought some alts and now btc is mooning.
If I keep losing everything I will go full link and full link fuck it.
Pretty sure LINK is the only altcoin aside from ETH that got multibillion dollar IT companies hyped up too
And XLM and potentially RLC, but yeah.
Look smart contacts is actually something.
The link token is pretty meh actually.
Fuck the node operator bullshit.
Those fuckers will operate with or without shit token.
So basically link will be stuck at 15 to 20 cents forever

Why have LINK and REQ not mooned yet?
I don't get.
The most promising ALTS go nowhere and yet shit like confido went 5x
cause neither of them are doing anything yetliterally>LINK network not up and running yet>REQ not even out yet
confido went up so much because it had a really small cap.And LINK and REQ are still new, you stupid impatient cunt
This is basically why I stopped chasing coins.
To me if link isn't doing shit nothing else will, everything else will moon then fall right back down.
Not till link makes it will any of this make sense.
Might as well just keep in BTC until then
The massive amount of shilling should tell you that pajeets are trying to unload bags Minerium was shilled Dbg was shilled Blackmoon ReqSigtSo many other shit coins Etherum wasn't shilled it was just talked about
Yes it fucking was.
What is this revisionist history.
You would have three ETH threads on the front fucking page and 13 in the catalog and they were all filled with people saying BTC would just implement smart contracts and crush ETH.
It's shilled on here so much because 3/4 of /biz/ has bags from 50 cents
>buying a crypto based on how much its shilled on biz
4370353No they werent.
They were shilled for a few days then are barely mentioned now.
True biz picks are shilled relentlessly in the span of months with top tier memes accompanying them.
Look at LINK, its being fucking shilled whether its going up or down for a month straight.
Every other coin shilled in a similar way mooned hard (billions in marketcap).
Nigger just go in warosu and look yourself at how hard eth was shilled and fudded for months before it mooned
the truth my friends is LINK truly is the best way to get super fuckin rich with just like 10k investment.
stop being stupid n short sighted.
we got a real winner here.
we can be LINK winners.
we can DO this.
just buy LINK, put it in your MEW, and wake up a gazillionaire in the near future.
it's gonna happen.
don't you WANT this?
That is revisionist history you fucking twat "Its just like x product in the date!"
Is the oldest shill trick in the book.Keep trying pajeet
>why hasn't my vaporware mooned yet
Explain why.
Is it just corporate interest?
They NEED to hire more developers, increase marketing in order to actually encourage adoption, and introduce LINK tokens to more exchanges.
LINK is the most promising crypto project I can think of right now, but unless they make these adjustments to increase the token value, it will continue to fall and fall and fall until all hope is lost and the lone developer Sergey fades into oblivion.
isn't steve the dev and sergey just the figurehead?
LINK is definitely the most shilled coin right nowIt's not easy trying to make all of /biz/ rich but, somebody has to do it.
wants to meme Reddit>not even logged inbad meme
monitoring for normie control
Newbie here.Tell me, how /biz/ was the days pre-Ethereum moon and post-moon.
That fat fuck is the figurehead?
Fucking nice.
Even if LINK doesn't give us anything else I will be forever grateful for the memes
I mean Bill Gates was Microsoft's figurehead originally while Paul Allen did all the heavy lifting
When moon guys?
Truly we are living in great times.
marketing and price pumping is more important than getting the mainnet online
 I makuh sentence.
forever.
Sometimes i wish i knew sergey just to let him cum in my mouth.
Im not gay tho.
not recognizing the power of collective examination
Will jump on in Q1.
Nothing's happening before then.
And why would someone run a node?
Same.
I believe in LINK but for now nothing is happening and I may as well use my money elsewhere.