WTF!
ruh oh flippening might be imminent
what a time to be alive
And the 140k transactions of people trying to FOMO into BCH haven't even gone through yet
This is unbelievable!
Large buy order I've ever seen!
Holy fuck, all out effort to destroy BTC.
All this with no support line miles on down.
Literally do or die.
There were two others already like it
(((Whale)))
Jesus Christ I am so proud I’m crying tears ofJoy.
Bitcoin Cash has finally won
they are trying to push it over 2000$
Happy about Jihan coinNo matter who of these two retard coins win you shouldn't be happy
Jewhan wants to prevent the difficulty adjustment.
Hot fucking christ.As soon as you see those walls go down, sell everything.
It'll mean the flippening has failed.Otherwise, enjoy your rise to $7000 fellow BCHristians.
this.go all in, set your blockfolio alert at .29999999 and never look back.
I'M ALL IN!!!!!!!!!!!
OH MY FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS IS THE FINAL BOSS FIIIIGHTTTTT!!!!!!!!!
2,000 WLEFKJEDFIOSDFJSDIOPF
What the fucking shit is going on?
At least I have a higher amount of BCC than BTC, so I'm happy I guess?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
negros shit just got real....ETH about to get taken down!!!!
3k here we come!
What exchange though?
This doesn't mean shit if it's not BCHKRW on Bithumb.
>BTC at 5800>BCH at 2250and by the time I finished posting this it'll be another $50 in movementWHAT IN THE EVER LIVING FUCK IS GOING ON
4311043Bittrex
BittrexWhat are these holes?
i predict bitcoin cash collapse now sunday, take your profits, tomorrow monday at least reality backs in
IT'S CRASHING I CAN'T SELL AHHHHH
AHHHHHHHH THE FLIPPINENING IS UPON US BOYS!
Nice shop guys theres a massive sell mountain now
>Price starts crashing>Bittrex crashesHoly fuck
there will no be any fippening, too many know how this pump is manipulated, this this going down and hard by monday
BITTREX NO
BITTREX IS DOWN I REPEAT BITTREX IS DOWN SAVE YOURSELVES
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT, I HAVE A BUY ORDER STUCK AT .37 AND I CAN'T CANCEL IT
No photoshop, it was like this before.
WEAK hands taking profits now.
Healthy pull back before another bull run.
AAAAAAAAAAAA
not photoshop, just jihan fucking with us
BITTREX IS KILL I REPEAT BITTREX IS KILLSELL SELL SELL
there's no law of the universe that a price change has to be small.this is common for 1 minute charts.
Bittrex frozen
bcc usdt markets are still on the up!
I CAN"T SELL IT WON'T LET ME DO ANYTHING FUUUUUUCK
BITTREX COME BACKIT GOES DOWN ALL THE WAY TO 0.31 AND THE SITE CRASHES
is it still over 2k?
on other exchanges?bittrex died
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
BCH is #2 on coinmarketcap, THIS IS INSANE AND I'M MAKING SO MUCH FUCKING MONEY
Did your buy trigger?
it's back up
IT'S BACKHOLD ONTO YOUR BUTTS
IT SAYS INVALID ORDER WHEN I TRY TO CANCEL IT BUT IT'S STILL THERE, I'M FUCKING PARANOID IT'S GOING TO TRIGGER ANYWAYS AND IT WONT LET ME CANCEL AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
and its going down and fast, this is really gambling, key word is when you go out, and dont get burned, this shit going down today sundayat the latest by tomorrow Monday reality comes back in
HODL you idiots.
Do you really hate money to be pulling out this early?
We have to destroy BTC.
Our aim is for the throne nothing else!
HEHE THERE'S NO WAY TO CANCEL NOW GOY, THE FLIPPENING IS UPON US, YOU MUST BUY, AND THE RICHES WILL COME TO YOU.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Shut up Jihan
4311070>BittrexBCCBTC pair on Bittrex has 158.6K volumeBCHKRW on Bithumb has 1.3M.Some tiny buy walls on Bittrex don't mean shit.
this is really big ponzi pyramid, i predict this shit going down hard today sundaygreed is key factor why its going up, somebody gets burned like all ponzi pyramids
its going down to 0.3, is this end of this big ponzi
It just went up to .3 lol
big red SELL wall, soon below 0.3
They want it and there isn't enough for them all.
This is exactly what happens when whales eat whales.
should i sell to bitcoin or usdt?
I-i was only a few minutes late>b-boat pls come back
But you're looking at Bittrex, so it's safe to ignore anything you might have to say on the matter.
come on 2k here we come
It's over guys.
That was it.
suddenly... blocks your path>from binance
nope, money skelly just gave them props
WE ARE THE BCH MARINES
The real limit here is breaking 2,000,000 KRW on Bithumb.Currently stuck at 1,940,000, peak was 1,999,500 ~20 mins ago.
VAST majority of BCH trading is happening on Bithumb, it just dwarfs the other exchanges.Doesn't mean shit, because Bittrex doesn't have the trade volume to matter.
How hard is this to undersstand.
Bitcoin cash is the actual bitcoin Lightning Network and Sidechains are jew scams by (((blockstream))).Lets go BCH!P.S.
Get fucked CoreCucks, pic related.
whats happening?
why am i suddenly getting justed?
This
Both BTC and BCH are shit.
You should hope this kills both so a better alt can take its place
It's spoofy, sell while you still can
Because it's over.
That was what we call a buying climax.
Next stop .15
It was overbought by like 30% on one exchange, Bittrex.
Let the gooks guide this shitcoin.
the king is dead, long live the king!
I am timing every fucking dip perfectly what the fuck is happening.
This is outstanding.
It corrected because of the heavy pump, people are still interested and bitcoin has a 137,000 backlog atm and still growing.
Bitcoin Cash will also more profitable for another week, keep watch this coin bro's this can be the big pump
I would cry tear of joy to see BTC at sub1k again.This time, no more hesitation, i'd go balls deep.The sad reality is sad it'll merely go down to 4500.We'll never see sub4k again.
back to .3 negros
is this the biggest pump in crypto history?
no, bitcoin is still bigger
legit want to thank OP for notifying me of these insane walls, helped me go all in in time to make $2K or so.
You a true nibba, anon.
soooosince there is no hashing power on BTC, network transfers can't happen?how can i transfer btc from gdax to an exchange that lists BCH if the transfers just make money disappear forever :(
I'll put a flower on your grave, anon
BCH dropping to $1200 now Buy at first large order Sell when it hits $2400
its happening boi
Yup, saw that too.It was moved all the way up to 0.37 and who feeling comfy into selling into it before crashing?
Me.
I'm feeling pretty damn comfy right now.
Simple.
Buy Ether or Litecoin on GDAX with your Bitcoin.Transfer the eth or ltc to bittrex.Buy it there.
Note: You'll need verification to withdraw on bittrex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OacVy8_nJi0BTC in a nutshell
You stupid faggot there gonna destroy crypto like this.
This is intentional PnD not to make money but to hurt all of crypto
destroy crypto>implying more choices is ever bad>being brainwashed
How do you noobs not notice that BCH has been doing classic bull pennants over and over and the price will continue to pump more.
It will be over 2k very soon.
After that, who knows?
My gut is it gets to about 3k by Monday and we have a real battle.
Someone TL;DR me on this, I'm seeing it all over the board.How has BCH "won"?
It's still far less valuable than BTC.Full disclosure: I'm not holding BTC or BCH, I just don't really get what the fuck is going on.
BCH is only going to gain value.BTC is only going to lose value.
This really helped me-"This is my take on it.
Whales who have a stake in seeing BCH succeed are pumping everything they've got into the coin to foil the difficulty adjustment that comes tomorrow.
At this rate, if they can get BCH to around $2000 by tomorrow night, then it will remain profitable after adjustment and we won't see miners flee back to BTC afterward.
This will be the death blow for BTC as miners all consolidate under the BCH banner for good.
$2000 is the tipping point.
If BCH can hit it in the next 24 hours, then it's going to keep rising forever.
If it doesn't, all those gains are going to siphon back into BTC and BCH will deflate back to 10% value of BTC"
How has BCH "won"?
It's still far less valuable than BTC.BCH has won by being technically superior.
Nobody wants to wait a whole day and pay $10 for a transaction to clear.
BTC in its current state is unusable
Can we have alts that are more technically superior to both of those shits take the throne then?
can confirm
My anxiety is killing me, I'm up 2x why be greedy
btc caught a case of reddit developers
Monero is moving right now, if that's your thing
i'm a dipshit for some reason I bought BTC to send to an exchange for buying bch instead of sending eth and now i'm stuck waiting a potential eternity for the confirmation
No, CHC going from 4k sats to 280k sats in 3 days was
RIP anon, that chain is fucked until December 9 I believe.
That's when the difficulty adjusts again for BTC.
There won't be a BTC again by that point.
Nobody wants to wait a whole day and pay $10 for a transaction to clear.I've been saying this for a long time, but does BCH actually solve this issue?
How fast is it, really?
mfw I see anons turning my random advice into copypasta wisdoms>and they're not even being ironic about it
the worst part is that btc won't be able to buy me jack shit by that point1!!!111!one!
waiting a potential eternity for the confirmationAnon you have to pay attention to the massive tx fees right now, see:There are ways to 'unstick' a transaction, look it up on google.
You basically have to spend one of your change outputs with a big fee to incentivise the first tx to go through.Sorry for the tough situation, but you have to realise every second you delay has cost as well
GDAX doesn't even give me a valid transaction id (they give a transfer id)I copy paste into blockchain.info and it doesn't come up with anything
-conf instant payments.
never any backlog
A buy wall is just a lot of people to sell bags to.Get ready for the pinkest fucking Wojacks
I can't buy it.
Transactions suspended by exchanges for sure.
fucking kek
It's a better technology but it doesn't have as much infrastructure as standard.
It might be a bubble but you can always ride it for a couple of days.
Or even a few hours.
BCH just surpassed $2000 USD on Bitfinex.
Wonder if it can hold.
GDAX is fuggin me right nowit says my transfer is complete but there is no hash :(
What did they mean by this?
:
We are giving away palm beach confidential and leaked premium signals We are the collaborated pump group @pumpnotifiergroup We discuss and execute a specific plan to pump a coin.
We have a total of $5 million USD to use for the purpose of pumping a coin.t.me/pumpnotifiergroup
I know right?
I've been spamming bullshit on /biz/ all day long, kicking off several major threads, and I don't even know what the fuck I'm talking about, nor do I own ANY crypto.I just like watching the pink wojacks.
nigger are you seriously trying to buy bch right nowLMAO
Dude I don't know anything about this stuff and I've been telling everyone to buy BCH all day long, seems to be working for them.All I know is that BTC is a really shitty currency with its 1MB blocks, and BCH can only be an improvement no matter how terrible it is.
no i'm trying to buy the dip but my transfer is stuck in limb0
y the fuk is this shit like 10% cheaper on binance?
Google arbitrage.
the difference between #Bitcoin and #Bitcoincash #BTC wants to be a store of value where high fees don't matter.
#BCH wants to be accepted everywhere.
BCH can be both.
How can something be a store of value if it is used for nothing.
Looks like you all been hadHow does it feel to yet again be robbed by chinks
mani don't wanna deal with this shit anymore.
i just want to buy back into neo and collect comfy gas
what is gold
Gold has industrial value...
That no one cares about, kek
Buying gold costs as much as buying a few bytes.
Think about that