>IQ is 50% genetic>Thanksgiving dinner literally 30 minutes ago:"(brother), (sister), please buy Bitcoin.
"brother: "I'm in debt now, I have to pay that off first.
"sister: "Ya for sure...like I'm going to hold off for a bit but eventually for sure."
I tried with family and bitcoin too - I gave up.
Are you trying to tell us you inherited a low IQ?
I remember bringing up Bitcoin to my family 4 years ago at Thanksgiving.
They mostly just try to change the subject as quickly as possible if I ever bring up crypto anymore, so I don't.
your sister sounds hot
>tell friends about bitcoin>they immediately change the subjectIm not the only one... right
either that or now they treat you like some sort of internet celebrity.
most normies who do invest into crypto only do it into btc and put a small amout of their portfolio (like 10%) because they think it is too risky and can crash any minutethey dont see the potential like we do.
> Me: I'm buying this new thing called Ethereum> Mom: I want in> Me: You sure?
It's risky> Mom: Here's $1000mfw Mom has $78,000 worth of Ether
>dad gambled away two pensions in the stock market>sees me in crypto>is very interested in crypto but luckily too retarded to figure it out or would lose another mortgage on the house>always says "son learn from my mistakes, don't gamble on those shitcoins.
just buy and hold bitcoin"If only I would have listened, had like 7 BTC a couple months ago but am down to 2 now chasing pumps.And it's his shitty genetics that make me FOMO pumps and lose in a market that is practically impossible to lose money in.
My mom thinks me not wanting to talk about it is insecurity
Yeah I tried explaining it to my mother and why she should invest and she burst out laughing at me.
It'll be hilarious seeing her act all sincere when she sees $ signs.
And it's his shitty genetics that make me FOMO pumps and lose in a market that is practically impossible to lose money in.Don't blame genetics for you being a fucking moron.
DESU it's about as interesting as hearing about stocks for companies you've only vaguely heard about.
I've gotten my dad to invest but tap-dancing Christ it is difficult to explain that flipping quick for small gains isn't worth on certain things, just HODL.
God dammit it can be vexing as hell.
You’re retarded.
I fell for the fomo once, then never again.
Well, the FOMO was an all in on Link at the ATH.
So it was more damaging than others.
$650k worth of crypto in hardware wallet.
>Told my mom the pin number a while ago>She forgot where she wrote it down.
>If I die my parents probably won't be able to figure out how to use it and all the money will die with me.
um what if the wallet fucking not work
Never "tell" anybody to invest in anything.
If it goes down they will blame you forever.
Give them advice if anything, but don't make it seem like it is a safe bet, because it never is.
this.
I told her the location of my mnemonic seed but she probably won't know what to do with that either.
told my rich dentist uncle to buy BCH earlier, he's already up and texted me telling me not to worry about my student loans LOL why are you idiots recommending BTC tho?
lol link was actually easy to spot as shitcoin
"Please focus intently for the next several hours while I attempt to outline why investing in an expanding market is financia--...""Hold on Chad is texting me lol"
Low IQ spotted.
You know you can store your seed plaintext and encrypt with a phrase only your parents would know?Like "My son was born on xxxx, yyyy days after we became married, this is his monetary inheritance"Then you can write in your will some generic shit that the passphrase to your inheritance wallet is such and such, or engrave your will on a pendant and give it to your mom
If you give anyone advice other than DYOR and decide for yourself then they still will blame you.Lol poor people.