>absolute garbage UI>next to no volume>deposits/withdrawals take hour or more to processMan, these bags are getting heavy.
Tell me we're all gonna make it.
It's in beta.....
That's the point.
For how long?
In crypto world, the first movers are the winners.
Just look at Bitcoin.
An absolute shitcoin, yet it's the king.
How long do you think other exchanges worked on their project before it was released in final form?
Right now they are offering the service even though it is in beta....
There were virtually 0 improvements the past month.
I will keep holding don't get me wrong.
And to be fair, I made hundreds of dollars arbitraging and flipping COSS.
But it's a very high risk investment and that should be understood.
theres decent buy support, you can dump your bags no problem if you have less that 100k COSS
then why dont you understand it
Also im not dumping my bags because it is low risk to holds COSS.
It has steady volume in 100-200k range and that keeps the value of the tokens.
The risk is mainly that the price will just hover around 0.8$ and not rise.
Risk of COSS dipping significantly is very slim.
But if they manage to bring the much needed UI upgrade and bring fiat pairs, then guaranteed at least 2x.
And that is not a difficult thing to do, compared to a lot of other vague projects out there.So good risk reward ratio IMO.
And I am holding until 2018 Q1 minimum, probably until Q2
What is the yearly dividend right now?
I don't think it's even close to 1%, so the price is completely detached from the fundamental value.
It will go where the whalebot wants it to go.
Should be up, since accumulation phase etc.
around 1 % per year not counting compounding (which won't be anything considering weekly payout)it's a medium-long term hold with high risk and very high rewards.
It is for sure a medium - long term hold.
This potential upside on this opportunity is larger than anything else I can find out here....
How about REQ?
Got a little question regarding coss.How would this stand out from the masses of exchanges that's gonna launch?First all the centralized existing ones like bittrex, binance etc..But also the fact that theres and upcoming dex's which will probably become more and more popular when released.
Kyber, 0x, Airswap, Leverj etc.There's just a shit ton of exchanges out there and cant really so how or why this would stand out and build a bigger userbase then others.
REQIsn't Req something that Ethereum will just add as a feature down the road, or will be available for free use by users?
Just seems like Quickbooks invoicing to me.
Not like you need a whole company for this project - seems like independent people will just create this on their own in the future..... Not sold on REQ yet....
the plan is to also add a fiat gateway (think coinbase) as well as adding fiat/crypto pairs for alts, for example USD/ARK, USD/OMG etc., which would also count towards the weekly payout
Easy.
If they don't have a new UI and fully functional exchange by begin december.
Get the fuck out of this shit.
Sounds reasonable.
There's another thread here with some projections:4266866How would this stand out from the masses of exchanges that's gonna launch?As mentioned by the other anon, the altcoin<->fiat gateway.
COSS isn't just a trading platform, it's a point of sale merchant app that lets businesses take crypto payments and have those 'convert' into fiat.
As such, the COSS team has a huge motivation to have thriving fiat<->crypto activity in order to let businesses instantly liquidate the payments.
Token holders will get a cut of this just like the exchange.
Many people seem to be underestimating this coin.
It's going to 20-100x in a year due to fundamentals alone.
I know nothing about this coinLooks shitLogo copy from IOTA?IOTALong itYou'll be richIOTA4LYFE
>the exchange is garbage now, lets wait until they update it so I can buy coss high
My nigger, /biz/ can't see gold when it's presented right to themI'm not one to say I told you so, but I definitely will when these faggots are crying and FOMOing and I hold over 100k
ur not if you fall for the HODL memehttps://discord.gg/K6Y3njR