KING DADDY IS BACKSELL YOUR ALTS QUICK
Panic sold all alts fifteen minutes ago
Just made it!
over 8000 dollar very soon
Weekend's over boys.
What the fuck is going on I'm up $5k in like 30 minutes
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK JUST HAPPENED!?!?
$10K by Wednesday.
$17K by eoy
i mean new ATH very soonmaybe next week 10 000 dollar
Those 60m of tethers got put to work.
I'm so sick of this piece of shit
M8 what is happening is this the CME pump???
I'm still a bit worried about this tether thing though.
You’re missing it!!
MY AAALTSSSSSSSSS
WHOS READY FOR THE BOUNCE BACK DOWN???
:^)
remember, when Bitcoin hits 10 000 dollar, it gets lot of mainstreet news, that accelerate more investors10 000 dollar is huge milestone and Bitcoin get more publicity
my body is ready
IMAGINE MY SHAWWK when the US fedgov and other countries crack down on crypto thanks to this Tether bullshit.The people behind Tether and Bitfinex need their names and addresses listed on the darkweb.
>price pumping on bitfinex>price dumping elsewhere
lies
Thanks tether!
:^)
Fuck you and your faggot coin.
new ATH :)
chinks think they're immune from big brother>ban us users>ruin crypto for eternity because they want a quick buck, ignoring the fact that a legit exchange would make much more over the next 5 yearsI hope Trump accidently levels China when he strikes the NormsI would die in a war to kill the eternal chinaman
HOLY FUCK.
NEW ATH
new ATH!!!!
Let's goooo!10k here we come
New ATH: $8100.Holy shit.
30 bl in 7 days!
Jesus Christ the greed of core and finex is what satoshi did not wantThis is going to end with regulation
Volume looks bad.
Maybe a bull trap
$8000 falls at bitstampThats good enuf for meexaliftin.jpg
As soon as bitfinex releases their horseshit announcement stating "everything is ok you stupid fucking goyim" BTC is going to tank.Even if they magically pull an audit out of their arse it's still going to tank, buy the rumour, sell the news.
It's also probably when long time holders cash out.
Many people have set their goals to 10k i bet.
So I should x100 short USDT is what you're saying?
I just made $1,200!!!!!!
They already did
does it mean we reach 10k this year?and 50k next and then it will crash?
This is a little bit concerning.
I think whoever is pumping this is taking it a bit too far.Seriously, no news yet bitcoin randomly pumps from 7800 to past 8000 in less than 10 minutes?I mean come on, look at that spike out of no where.
This is clearly becoming a scam at this point.
News is that NEO news isn't government related
It's making me rich!!!
YES!
It finally broke through.
Ready up lads.
You're all holding or long on BTC right now, don't even lie.
believing bitcoin price is based on newsYou spent too long on wall street grandpa
Who gives a shit about Satoshi.
This is making me rich nigga.
I put everything in ETH and XMR months ago, and I'm glad I did.
Fuck this shit.
Please tell me they didn't Tether once again.This shit is going to end very bad.
le satoshis visionFuck that slanted eyed chinkWe want money!
Why is Bitfinex getting so aggressive lately though?
If they cool it, they could pump BTC to $100,000 over the span of years.
But they started pressing the tether button so goddamn hard especially this month with no intention of being subtle.
Are they sensing sharks getting closer to their scam and want to pull as much money as possible ASAP?
Going to be gox 2.0
4448376;^)
WHY WONT THIS SHIT DIE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Fucking transaction fees, such a bitch to sell when you're poor on coinbase, hopefully it doesn't drop massively again
ATH!
!If you believe tether is the driving factor behind this then you've been misled.
GreedBut its working, look at the idiots on r bitcoin who refuse to even have a discussion about it.
Completely ignoredI hope they lose everything
Holy shit, I might actually be cashing out right now.They are artificially pumping the price of bitcoin with free tether that they can make out of thin air.
It costs them nothing, and we're the ones getting fucked if they dump on us.Holy shit I'm out.
Buy buy buyBTC GOING TO 10k!Weekend dip is over boyos!!!
I GOT JUSTED 10% OF MY TOTAL INVESTMENTS TODAY ON NEO HELP ME DADDY SAVE MEEEEEEEEEEEE
Please elaborate then
Increasingly nervous shitcoin holder
At this late part of the game, anyone who still uses r/bitcoin as their news source deserves to get fucked.
They've been warned over and over by practically everyone else in the entire crypto community, but they plug their eyes and ears and say they don't care.Those are the types that really do deserve to lose everything.
Of course, out of nowhere, in a couple of minutes, BTC goes over 8000 while he failed to break that resistance trying for hours, in pure FOMO a couple of days ago.Everything is fine.
N-nooo stop Bitcoin you were going so good.
Please go up for daddy!
I need to pay rent.
I just went all in at 8k and now its crashing.
FOR THE LOVE OF FUCKING GOD CAN BITFINEX PLEASE PRINT SOME MORE TETHERS?
Open your eyes!
Look at the news, the hype and the reality.
I mean i'm sure this tether business is some factor, but there is so much more going on around BTC right now.
You're narrowed in on this one little thing like it's the whole picture.
Nah, back out and widen your perspective a little.
So exit pump?
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
Like what?
The CME news?
kek... that shit has been known for a month.
mother of god son
For sure, but how much of this is tether is the question.
Look how many millions worth of tether have been created and then out of nowhere a giant spike in price.Also notice how this happens every time bitcoin is on the verge of a downtrend?HMMM
Bitfinex still has 30M tethers that haven't been dumped into BTC yet.
Could happen anytime although they could do a switch-a-roo and dump it into BCH and fuck your arse raw.
Since I've been watching it, this is exactly how this market has always moved.
Especially since may.
No, shit like this will prevent you from becoming rich because instead of organic growth we're getting artificial growth that will lead to a crash.
isn't it all the NEO cucks buying back BTC that is making it pump?
It's rising because Bitfinex cleared everything up and everyone is satisfied now and there are no problems.
Get your $8k btc before they're sold out.
We're not saying that this is all, 100% tether.What we're saying is that Bitfinex is using fraudulent, unbacked Tether tokens to manipulate the market.
There is a very distinct pattern here w/r/t Tether issuance and sudden, outta-fucking-nowhere unexplainable BTC price increases.Imagine if your market had a magical stopgap that prevented significant price downturns.
Of course it would largely go nowhere but up.
Who gives a shit dude i live in the moment
There's been plenty of downtrends the past month, so I don't know.
I think you're too focused on one little thing.
It's like the redpilled assholes at /pol/.
They're so zoomed in on race that race is all they can see, and racial tension is all they can feel.
They're missing the rest of reality.
a+ art
First bounce off 8kWho's ready for the next one?
Especially since mayYou're not into cryptos for long enough, I guess.You enjoyed the golden year.And this is perfectly pair with the Bitfinex issue, before they started to print USDT the crypto market was stagnant or slowely rising.I'm not a tin foil hat retard, but I can see a correlation.
WHEN IS IT GONNA DIP AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
that's the power of FOMOpeople see it rising and then want to get on the trainit's a self-fulfilling prophecyuse GDAXhuman behavior isn't rationalmost of the major swings within the stock market have taken place within a relatively short period of time
COPE
k
It kept dipping all weekend anon.
as soon as you buy
Bitch I'm just sitting back laughing at this point.These 10-15% swings in Bitcoin are pathetic compared to what XMR has been doing.
Not in it for too long but I've been watching it for most of its life.
I'm not here to try and convince anyone who's not already convinced.
But after a trial period where I fucked up and lost big, I'm making money now.
That's why I'm in this, not to become some kind of religious zealot beholden to some agenda or another.
eat shit faggot, enjoy your cuckero bags bitch.t.
holding 20.5 btc.
both coins near all time high>bags
Seriously almost everyone acts like a fucking cultist around here.
Try not to be so emotionally invested, or attached to these different points of view.
Everyone's pushing an agenda.
Take the actual information, and leave the rest.If I was on bitfiniex, I would consider moving tho :)
4448835Wait a minute guys....The exchanges have a lot of capital on their hands from all the transactions that occur.They are fully capable of inflating the price of bitcoin on their own, through buying and selling their own holdings.Bitfinex sets a sell order at 7800.They buy that 7800 then set the price at 7805.They then buy it at 7805, set it at 7810 continuously.
Meanwhile, all of the fees are going into their own accounts, the price of bitcoin is rising, and they haven't spent a cent of their own money.
All that money is doing is going into accounts that they hold.This creates the illusion that there is a market, when there isn't.
Causing to go all in and actually buy it at this ridiculous price.The show is over boys, the exchanges like Bitfinex are taking it too far.
If it's evident to me it's evident to others.
This is about to come crashing down hard.I'm out.
My alts could sure use it.
I knew I should've sold yesterday when everything was green.
See you at $10k sweetie ;)
this meme again
Out too for the moment - will buy the dip.
I'm outCashing out to FIAT or moving into something like ETH, XMR, etc?
Why everyone is dumping Alts when BTC goes up ?
We are trading in BTC so what's the point of these sells ?
You dont want to be left behind.
Because unlike shitcoins, BTC moves in very large numbers very quickly.
This is a FIAT cash out.
Do you honestly think you're safe in an alt-coin that trades in accordance to BTC's worth?
Yeah but you still get 1 BTC at the end of the ride
alts bleed when BTC goes up, cut the losses
Idk why this started either, its just became a thing recently.
Back in the glory days of may/june btc pumping brought alts up with it but now the mentality is the minute btc pumps you instantly dump all your alts and get to rebuy cheaper.
Not even the btc/alt pairing that drops usd/alt drops too cause the dumps are so ridiculous.Alt holders in general have just been getting fucked for the past 2 months.. its pretty stupid
What are some cheap alts to pick up?
They're not actually dumping.
Look at the dollar price, it only gets relatively smaller to a higher BTC price.
Hence the visually red candles.
Back in the glory days of may/june btc pumping brought alts up with it but now the mentality is the minute btc pumps you instantly dump all your alts and get to rebuy cheaper.No shit.
In May and June fucktons of money was entering the exchanges on ETH hype which fueled alt hype.
May and June weren't the norm
Thank you!
Ok so this makes no sense.
So just got rekt in Ark and Groestlecoin right now
Buy ARK

I was SO close to buying the shitcoin Neo today, but I couldn't abandon daddy.
And then he rewarded us a few hours later.
Thank you daddy
Price in Nov 2018?
30MNo, they printed some hours ago.
Tether reach the maximun Tethers they said can print in their "transparent" tab.So, likely they put most of it in this pump to achieve a all times max
Did they print more today or is this the 30m from friday?
maybe last night but last than 24 hours.
just check coinmarketcap
Ok sold all its mooning again....
$30k
But BCH is valued in reverse to BTCs worth
Still hanging at the same resistance, so I'm just gonna chill out until it really breaks through.
4449617Those are from last night.And there was a reddit thread just a couple of hours ago on this.
The 30mill tethers are still in a wallet unused for the time being.
This is absolute financial gibberish.
Go to school kid.
...and it's already crashing.
first day in crypto?
Above $8k>Crashing
4451420Well it's not mooning hard like it does usually
not mooning hard == crashing
If BTC stays stagnant people go into alts anon.
Which makes it so BTC stays around the same price.
If BTC drops back to 7800 alts will keep rising.
Third time failing now to breach and stay above 8000And it seems we are moving down again.
BTC was stagnant for the last day and then jumped to over $8k
Still above 8k on real exchanges, that aren't Kraken.
>muh tether>muh tulips>muh flipsNocoiners and shitcoin bagholders in full blown denial