I just got my first major job out of college making $60k a year.
I need to find an apartment at some point so I don't have to commute from mommy's place when I start in a couple weeks.Should I live alone or with roommates?
Is it worth the financial gain to seek out a room on craigslist and just live with randos, or is the freedom and satisfaction of having your place all to yourself priceless?
I joined the military at 18 years old, moved 3000 miles across the country, got a place with my wife, got divorced at 20, I've had my own place since then.
It is absolutely fucking amazing and worth every penny to live alone.
My rent is approx.
$1200 a month.
I had a roommate who was paying %550 a month, but I told him I wanted him gone because having your own place is just too good.
No girls want to come over to a fucking apartment with some shit bag roommate in the other room.
I'm 22 now and it's been absolutely fantastic.
Nah dawg.
Well huh.
I've kinda always wanted to, but at the same time I have liked having roommates just for when I get bored of being a shut-in and want to watch a movie with someone or something.Also I am planning on eventually having my (long distance) gf move in with me.
So don't care about having a bachelor pad.
However I am weird and like to do strange drugs and play my guitar loud at 3am and embark on my own unusual projects (sometimes involving drugs) so dunnom8.
I'm 24 and graduated college two years ago.
I have a job making about $60k/yr as well.
I had roommates in college, I lived at home after college, and now I live on my own.
I have to say that living alone is the best option.
Also if you get a long term gf who maybe wants to move in that could be nice depending on how your relationship is.
getting married and then divorced before the age of 25C U C K
Why do you say it's the best option though?
Examples?
Are you an accountant?
Living with other people sucks ass ..big time.
Family or strangers, both a pain in ass long termßThe best is an own appartment and someone who regulary checks by for cleaning etc.
People are annoying and the older you get the more you will value peace and quiteness.
so I don't have to commute from mommy's placeWhy not?
I make 110K a year a Marketing Manager for a company in the loop (Chicago) & I literally live in my mommy's full finished basement (has a bathroom, kitchen/bar, marble tiles & hardwood flooring, 2 bedrooms, home gym, 65 inch 4K TV, and a pool/ping pong table.
It's probably bigger than your apartment too, and I bring home girls all the time.
I did a lot of the renovation, and women literally get wet when I tell them this.
Electrical engineer :-------------)That would be cool, but when I say living with mommy, I literally mean in my sister's old room with flowery white & pink furniture and this shitty old cot.
Also dog hair everywhere and my lazy freeloader brother also lives in the big basement super depressed and addicted to adderall and playing video games all day instead of getting a job.
So mostly I just don't want to live in that type of environment any more, lol.
I'd honestly rather live with complete randos in a nice $500/mo room somewhere relatively close to a city.
But the area I'm looking in is fairly expensive all-round.
Imo, you aren't gonna get acceptable living standards for $500 a month in the city.
You are much better off living with your parents, if they have a house sqft.
Sure it gets annoying sometimes, but if you can get the basement for yourself, you could spend some money renovating it like I did and be much more comfy than living in an apartment.I paid like 1200$/mo for a shitty small apartment when I was doing my MBA and it was a horrible experience.
Never again.
Shitty small apartment huh?
Were you alone?
Everyone else in the thread seems to think going solo is the GOAT so I wonder about your perspective.