I tired to tell you about bcash.
You wouldnt listen
Umm Roger never sold explosives to terrorists through the dark web.
If he did, no one would know.
He was arrested in 2002 for selling firecrackers.
You guys are ridiculous.
the more I read about humble firecracker merchant the more I like him.
he truly is /ourguy/
Rodger Ver is a psychopath.
He is a really bad public face for crypto
god the shilling and fud is insane...he was JUST in LAhe spoke at the nexus conference in Aspen in SeptemberHes not banned from USA
Fucking bilderberg paid shills must have there post for the day all handed out to the trolls...fucking retardsWhat you don't appear to grasp is that btc death can only be delayed at this point, painful to watch the desperation
Yeah, a guy who said he got into BTC because he saw it as a way to stop governments from waging unnecessary war and killing innocent kids is a psychopath.
Truly you people are simply making BTC look bad.
Disclaimer I own both because they offer different use cases.
4380801Wow bcash shills have a copy-and-paste responses every time I see the OP Image.Roger Ver is a HORRIBLE person to be associated with crypto
I only ETH and I was merely saying this as an outside observer.
Seems that you've drank his kool-aid though so whatever
They were boxes of multiple 1/4 dynamite sticks.
Definitely not fireworks.
You've never seen this image on this board before I guarantee it.
Also without Roger there would be no BTC, he is more responsible for BTC than BCH so either way you got into this game because of him.
They were basically M-80's, he was imprisoned because the manufacturer labeled them for pest control to avoid regulations on fireworks so the Feds were able to put him away for explosives charges (again due to the manufacturer's mislabeling).
This never happened.
You realize that not every post here is legitimate.
This is why everyone is starting to think people who defend BTC are retards.
Someone posted that he tests explosives in Africa with no proof and you retards believe it.
Well those stinky africans don't matter that much compared to the rigged explosives in china.
It's all basically centralized until Roger at this point.
I did drink the Kool-Aid, this guy got me into BTC at around $200.
Without him I wouldn't have made all this money.
I didn't like BCH until I heard he was backing it then I looked into it.
When BTC Jesus talks, I listen.
Where's your proof anon?
Don't tell me you literally believe everything anon's post on 4chan.
You can't be that stupid, can you?
guys, rajish the OP is right.
Roger just PMed me and told me that if I don't buy BCH now, I'm as good as fucking dead.
he's rigged my entire apartment with firecrackers while I was asleep, and there's no way for me to safely defuse them in time
Don't call out either it's all rigged.
Just do what he says.
He was denied entry into USA because he renounced his US citizenship after registering as citizen in St. Kitts and can't get VISA applications to process with the USA, its not like he was kicked out or baka.
But that he can't get a VISA might have something to do with his jail time.
That sure sounds like a trustworthy and reliable person.
Not defending the guy but facts are facts.
Africans have been on the run from roger for almost a decade now.
They've gotten refugee status in the USA but Roger just won't stop until he's killed them all.
Seriously how the fuck do we stop Roger "run over africans in a dodge charge" Ver
What's wrong core cucks?
What are you so afraid of?
roger please forgive this man he doesn't know