Confido will list on Kucoin today, pajeets!
At what time ?
People will see it's a x14 from ICO price and is backing off, but in reality the market cap is still low so I'm not sure why these motherfuckers think it's a scam.I've bought at 3x ico price, sold at 6x, regretted at 10x and now here I am..
On November 8th 2017 KuCoin will allow users to trade Confido.
KuCoin traders will get access to the following markets once CFD is successfully listed: CFD/BTC and CFD/ETH.Users can start depositing CFD to KuCoin immediately and trading CFD on KuCoin November 8th at 20:00 (Utc+8)
Why didn’t I fucking buy this, already 20x ICO.
I thought this would end up like ethbet because of muh low mkcap.
very few people will see it's x14, because on CMC it starts from $0.33
if you like low marketcaps so muchhow bout you buy some of my bagshttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethbet
holy fucking shit and they will still see its low merkat capfuck should I buy?
I dunno
This is a pnd, m8s.
Sorry.
You're gonna get dumped on and $NULS is gonna moon.
:/
Kucoin 3m volume>ED 7m volume overallwhat was ED volume before like 5m?
At least it's not only ED anymore in 79 minutes.
A lot of people don't know how to use ED or are scared to do so.
Sell orders of 20-200 ETH are being bought up like its nothing.
Selling like hot cakes on ED.
WHO'S THE FUCKING KEK WITH A 117 ETH SELL WALL ON KUCOIN REEEEEEEEEEE
nobody even wants to listen to reason here.
this will be a glorious disaster.
I am done telling people not to buy x20 ICO price after 2 days.
Hehe cheeky bear trap before the moon mission... cute cute
LMAOI love when anons are concerned on biz, because as we all know, biz gives so much good advice and people make so much money based on collective brainstorms going on here, so it's only natural to see Concerned Anon worrying about people losing their money on Confido FOMO.Thank you, Concerned Anon.
I sold all of my CFD and put my money into a solid, well-established project (Litecoin).
Moon time eminent, 15% up by Q4 2018.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THE SELL WALL MEAN???
?this shit look artificial as fuck, anybody know?
Yesterday in Confido Telegram there was one faggot who bought at presale and bragged how he will dump 100 ETH or some shit at once.It's probably him.
There aren't many people holding this token.
The guy was like "if you act nice I'll cancel the sell" and shit like that, utter pathetic shit.So once that faggot ends his tantrums, this will continue to roll per schedule.
4246541The delusions already.
You are currently in denial.
O V E R V A L U E DDon't spam the board with pink wojacks afterwards, promise me that.
4246565idk solid project, got in at 0.0023, after the fork this may go to 30mil, gonn hold now
at least 30mil, sure ;) Wait for the first real exchange, but don't be to slow
What is the point to put a large sell wall know its can't be filled?
Now the question is: will it moon when listed on KuCoin, or will it dump hard?
I'm sure it will go up at some point but usually when coins hit new exchanges they drop.
>muh marketcapIt's a fucking shitcoin.
congrats if you made x16 or whatever but you'd have to be retarded to buy at 72 cents
No matter how good a project is, you don't buy in at x20 after 2 days expecting even more gains.
You have to be really really really really retarded to do that.
Seriously.
You buy high, you have to hold forever.
It is called cost of opportunity.