Get in here faggots, the flippening will happen, btc just lost all confidence and is going sub 5k, while bcc (satoshi's vision) is going to at least 2k this weekend, get in or get cucked forever, this is your chance to get cheap btc again.
BCH to 4k eoy.
Screen cap this
>Buy my bags
ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLHAIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLTHE NEW KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING
>(satoshi's vision)fucking faggot.
>(satoshi's vision)
bitcoin will crash.
dogecoin to the moon.
u have been warned
>my face when /biz/ was right and some faggot posted it here before it happened and I actually listened to him and went all in on BCHI WILL NEVER DOUBT BIZ AGAIN
next stop .20 baby, strap your seatbelt, after that the FOMO will kick in hard and the moon is the next stop
ATH>bagsNope
why do you shill a coin with the fucking biggest volume ahead even btc ?seriously do you think that even 50% of us bought it would move the price by 0.1% ?
DO I SELL ALL MY ALTS AND BUY???
thats a good question which leads me to thinkhow higher can this go?
I think there is not much more money available to be put into BCH, we are talking about BILIONS

ATH was in August and it's $1300, we're nowhere close to that.
Since I posted we moved from .17 to .184 you already missed moneyyes, biz has more power than you thinkQUICKLY, DID YOU SAW YESTERDAY'S PUMP, THIS ONE WILL BE BIGGER$2,000 TODAY, Asia is going ot push this shit hard, btc is dead, core is compromised and owned by jews.
Bcash at 0.17667013 sats0.01 sats soon
a 30,000 eth sell order just popped up...oh lord
made $1000 last night while i was sleeping.shit feels good man.
BCH is the bank shillcoin.
Buy it because it amuses (((them))) when you pay for the chains of your own enslavement.
who gives a shit as long as it makes us money
youre a fucking retard no-coiner go jack off to more big black cock porn that you watch with your mother every night before bed
xD
What price should I look to get in.
Do you reckon we'll see $1150 again?
bitcoin core is (((their))) coin
not likely, lowest entry i can think of is .18
Every faggot is asking that question and the price keeps rising.
The BTC mempool is growing fast again so there's obviously a lot of people who are starting to freak out.
DO I SELL ALL MY ALTS AND BUY???Yes.
You can buy back your alts at lower price with more money in your hand.
Pump is happening.
Just went balls deep on BCH
The first Shitcoin Exchange to have BCH as a base market will come soon
Good choice bro.
Coinbase and other large crypto companies can't ignore BCH for much longer - a string of announcements of support is no doubt pending and will cause BCH to rocket up in price soon, you'll be fucking relieved to know you're not buying anywhere near the top.
satoshi's visionyou are fucking retarded m8
"Binance Adds BCC/USDT, BCC/ETH and BCC/BNB Trading Pairs"Shit will hit the fan, more bcc trading pairs all over, better get in quick
 BTC sell wall at 0.20c-can we do it?
shills getting desperate.
Alright fuck went balls deep as well at $1200.
I assume huge resistance at $1500 level?
Ver is a Jew, you clown and he is no friend of Bitcoin.
Decentralised core is the real threat to the kike banking establishment.
Bcash is their happy, controllable compromise.
nomoomomomom
its getting eaten as we speak, this train has no breaks
man, sold at 185k sats, has to drop soon to below 170k
Look at the buywalls.
This is going to MOON now.
I can't believe this is happening.
I must be dreaming.
I'm 3x leverage on Bitfinex since 400 dollars.
HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD HOLY SHIT SELL WALL SOLD
There is heavy market manipulation going on by the big guys with big money
Does it even matter?
BCH is going to eat up the market value of BTC over the next few weeks.
Just hold for now, if it corrects, hold and wait for the recovery and rise.
STFU YA LIL BITCH AINT NO SELL WALL
How is this possible?
Where is the money coming from?
Is there anything but bots trading right now?
everyone is FOMOING hard af now
According to CMC the whole crypto market was 208B just a few days ago, right now it says 196B so heaps of money is waiting on the sidelines
Market cap was just over 200 when BCH crashed five hours ago.People are temporarily going back to fiat to wait off the bitcoin drama.
decentralized>core>threat to the kikes>owned by AXA>that's right, the international insurance giant>decentralized>a small team of devs that rule with an iron fist and are willing to go so far as to change the proof of work bitcoin uses>the same team that wants to monetize off chain scaling solutionsinb4 shillI just want a bitcoin that works.
I want to put more money in alts right now but I don't even want to go through bitcoin to do it.
Bitcoin core is fucked.
Its more decentralized than BCH, and the proof of work change shifts more power out of the hands of Jihans mining cartel.Also I trust the BTC devs more than I trust Jihan, who seens to oppose any dev/individual that disagrees with his vision.
Same here, someone advised to buy it and I jumped all in at 400$.
Fells comfy now.
Also I trust the BTC devs more than I trust JihanI don't.
I don't trust either.
I just want to be able to use bitcoin without high fees and long confirmation times.
I don't give a shit about "store of value".
>who seens to oppose any dev/individual that disagrees with his visionThe same can be said for the core dev team
Imagine you make it to lamboland and that happens?
I’d probably literally kms.
Looking through coinmarketcap Literally nothing worth investing in
I don't.
I don't trust either.
I just want to be able to use bitcoin without high fees and long confirmation times.
I don't give a shit about "store of value".Hey dumbass, why use the network with the largest blocks, highest fees, and highest difficulty to transfer coins
the network with the largest blocks, highest fees, and highest difficulty to transfer coinsWhich network are you referring to?
Bitshares
pump isnt over guys, its going up again
BUY BCH NOW!
THIS IS A ONCE IN A LIFETIME CHANCE!
!I have my sells set @ 0.29 BTC and will be rebuying @0.12.
Will pay an aryan hooker to suck my jewish dick with the baghodler's money.
Amen to that!
Get in the dip!!
Just bought all in.
Looking forward to those flippening retards wojacks.
I can't wait to see all the pink wojaks when all the miners switch back over to BTC and leave all you guys with bags
should i wait longer
1300 will happen really qucik get in
nopehttps://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800https://cointelegraph.com/news/lightning-network-will-be-highly-centralized-gavin-andresen
this is a forum moderator from 8btche has been accumulating BCH since aug 1stIf this doesn't tell you what you need to know then I guess you can't read the writing on the wall
No No dont wait its already heading up
Goddamnit I would have made so much bank had that weird Bittrex crash not stopped me from filling in my sell order in time.
Roger Ver's pump is running out of money, dump before the BCrash.
its gonna be pushed to 2k by sunday night.
By then I think btc sell off will be finished.
We need to hit back to 5k to shake off the stop losses.
Getting errors and weirdass buffering at Bitfinex.
Never gotten it before.
A lambo is the worst investment any person ever can make
He's talking about lamboland, not lambos brainlet
>bids higher than asks???
refresh
How much BCH?
Only safe buy
this
I love you miserable bastards
TAKE YOUR PROFIT AND RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!Professionals Sell for profit Amateurs Chase Highs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!11
this has happened before and it will end in the same way aswell
Exit scam
I hate these autists that write in all caps all the time and try to fomo like a couple of toddlers.
At least try a little
i sold.
feels good
we're at 1308 nao, jew mad whyboi?
ITs closing inHashrate ratio 1,2 : 1,0 for BTCFlip will be dangerous memento if they do itNext couple hours will be decisiveEither scam ends soon or it is shitstorm apocalypse
I'm listening to the BCH community, to explain this, and all I hear is 'real bitcoin' and transaction times.
I'm trying not to see this as a PnD but I can't.
DUMP INCOMING.
1400 coming soon.
get in
Why people do not go for eth or ltc if the only reasons are low transaction fees and fast transaction speed?
don't forget shitoshis' vision!
>bought at ath againwhere are "muh 1400"?
why is this shitcoin dumping?
Cause it has the bitcoin name, duh
Lol it'll be back at 1300 soon.
then rise quickly
this is what I don't understand
jonaldfyookball>gavin andresen
been scalping this all day, it jumps from 1900k to 2100k every hour or so, hold and you will be fine
Because of a fucking 17 btc sell wall by some faggot whale.
We need another whale-mama on our side to swoop in to cause another mooning.
btc developers are not a reliable source on btclol whatever corecuck
17 BTC>whaledo you realise the kind of volume pumping through bch right now?
17 btc is absolutely nothing
were nearing resistance, next pump within 15 minutes.
If flippening actually happened bitcoin is done because it ain’t going mainstream again so the dream of 100k-1m btc is done.
No one is going to be able to explain how everyone who just bought bitcoin lost their money and now there is a new bitcoin.
This was a coordinated pump and now it’s riding on fomo
You are so fucking retarded.
No words.
When neets describe what they think is a whale it's funny.
Oh shit I just realized how stupid coin kiddies are, they actually believe if they have 21 BTC and the dollar collapses that they'll be rich.
Bitch if the dollar fails you'll be broke as shit because actual whales will think of you like we think of pajeets who say they're doing well because they have 2100 dollars which is equal to ten trillion Zimbabwean bucks.
You coin kiddies depend on the dollar completely.
I thought I bought at an ATH when it was at $1000.
Then the gooks pumped it up when they woke up.
I wanted to buy when it was at $700My transaction was unconfirmed for 28 hours when BCH was at $1100+Now I won't buy because I can't risk buy at ATH.Fuck bitcoin ruined my gains, I hope it dies.
The Flippening has already happened.
Volume wise at least.
correct, anyone who disagrees is a fuckin idiot
but will escorts accept BCH?
This.
Not even BCH shills really want a flippening.
If they win, they lose.
Its a very clever FUD though.
4301681Oh okay faggots, just pull out 6 figures worth of your stack.
I totally don't see that 17 btc sell walls get intermittently placed and suddenly the price retreats.
actually pay the network fee if you want your shit transaction to be confirmed quickly
If flippening actually happened bitcoin is done because it ain’t going mainstream again so the dream of 100k-1m btc is done.This is accurate.
Had the 'flippening' happened right when the fork occurred then just about everyone that had bought BTC would have the equivalent amount of BCH.
Now?
There's a fuckton of people who would be screwed
This.
Flipping BTC to something else without a graceful and coordinated conversion would be the end of crypto.
At that point, crypto will just be a gambling game.
A fuckton of mislead sheep who didn't DTOR.
rest of us are doing wellYou really think this is big?
See what happened with the ruble?
The Brazilian real?
Where can i buy BCH with my credit card please help me get off this sinking fucking boat
The end of cryptoNo, stuff like ethereum, neo, qtum etc are too useful for the real economy.
Shitcoins that have no utility like BTC, BCH, VTC, GRS, LTC and such will probably die through the next year though.
Futures are going to start up on BTC soon.
If you think that's not gonna kill trust in crypto again (like Mt Gox did) if a flippening happens then I don't know what to tell you
4301892You think this is a hand holding community and that we all have to help each other get to the moon, this is the collectivist trap which deluded many into the blockstream lieThis is pure capitalism at its best
Dotcom bubble happened and we are okay now
Well, it "killed trust" and now we're here at 200bn marketcap.
Not concerned long term.
Real question, is it dumb to FOMO in now?
I don't give a fuck about this BCH/BTC shit show and I'd like equal amounts of both, but I don't want to spend 1/5th of my BTC buying the top of a p&d.
lists a bunch of ico shitcoins>litecoin will dieYou might not make it newfriend
I think the top is 2k
just buy litecoin with your credit card and then trade it for btc and then bch
I don't give a fuck about this BCH/BTC shit showFlip a coin normie
do think bch will hold its current value when btc goes back up?
I'm very skeptical it will, 700 seems to be a decent price if you are just looking to hold it .
BTC shill/bagholder, the post.lmao.
it makes me so happy to see voices of "reason" circle jerking each other through delusions.
Yes.t.
fomo'd in at 1300
ICO shitcoins2018 will absolutely blow your brains out.>litecoinI know that's you charlie.
Just because something has been there for a long time doesn't mean it will always be there or be important.
Things get outcompeted or made obsolete all the time.
Explain how he's wrong or how bitcoin dying won't ruin public view
You need strong hands more than ever before
BTC isn't dead, it's alive more than ever beforeUtility brings value and cash is powerful
It's not planned as a pump and dump.
The sheer amount of capital spent and now converted into BCH by these whales is of a magnitude that makes it impossible for them to sell even 10% of it without crashing the price so low that they would lose money on this "pump and dump".They are going all in for a flippening.
Considering BTC chain has been bleeding petahash for the last 24 hours and all the reveals and drama we've seen so far, the people pushing for this, for the flippening (not a pump and dump), are miners.
Once Bitcoin is no longer king, there will be no more normie free bucks pumping the system.
We'll enter a crypto dark ages.As someone else mentioned, killing BTC would be killing the golden goose.
Miners took the risks in capital investment, they have every right to free themselves from blockstream.
They are not slaves to segwit or core.
The real power reveals itself and miners compete
I'm not saying they shouldn't.
This is the implication of proof of work.
The people who are the deciders of blockchains don't need to have a stake in the value of the assets on the blockchain, so they can sell their stuff and move to another blockchain.It's playing out as it always would.This the logical conclusion to proof of work.False.
2018 will see many projects running on ethereum come to fruition and be useful things in real life.
The same goes with the Stellar network.
Blockchains and especially ethereum and the projects built on it will be shilled heavily by business as "the efficient, open and trustless solution to x y z problem".Crypto won't be a bubble anymore.
It will have actual economic value not just based on speculation or being seen as a currency.
this fucking faggots, just read this and you will understand why is $BCC going to be king.
BCCIt's BCH you retard
Not according to binance, and chinks are always right.Nigga in pic related is going to have a net worth approach that of bill gates if not more in a week probably.
Not if he gets killed
corecucks are so assblasted they want to murder the competitionspergs
If he goes I hope it's after he helps kill BTC and continuous to show the world how ugly proof of work coin politics can really be for a while longer.
If PoW dies I'd be happy
There's massive money involved.
People revenge kill over far less.
Pink btc wojakwhales with guns (for hire via the darknet lmao lets face it none of these nerds are going to face this chad irl).
tfw coin kiddie thinks crypto isn't gambling already.
Lawls.
just works huh?
youre an absolute fucking idiot if you think bscam just works.
you know what?
i actually cant fucking stand this board anymore.
none of you are computer scientists, just get rich quick faggots.
you know nothing about what youre buying and youre going to get burned.
lmao btc losers are hilarious and sad at the same time
Newfag here.
Can someone tell me how the same currency can be trading at different prices on different websites?
BCH just popped to $1400 on Asian servers.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNCCCCCCOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A person offers to sell for a price, another person accepts to buy for it.
Or a person offers to buy for a price, another person accepts to sell for it.That's the system.
Naturally then, the last sold/bought price will vary between sites.
There will also always be more sell or buy pressure on one site than another because different people use different sites.
Probably because Bitcoin is the brand name that everybody wants to have in their boat, not Ethereum which is something only crypto fags know about (yeah that's right, normies barely even know about the existence of one cryptocurrency)
So.
Lemme get this straight, if I try to sell something at price no one wants to buy at, it will just sit there unsold until I change my price?
I was rabidly anti BCH, and fuded heavily against.
I realised last night I was wrong, dumped BTC, and bought BCH.
Glad I did.
Made 10K Pic related of previous fud.
no appologies, alls fair in love and war.
It will sit there until someone buys it for that price
So you can't take it off the market?
What if prices never rise and you have some just sitting on the market?
is it just gone?
You can delete the order if you want
ever used the auction house in world of warcraft?
Nope, Never traded.
Wanna do A LOT of research before I blow my life savings
ahh sweet, thanks my dude.
feeling less like a normie
>BTH can't possibly flip right?>go to sleep>BTH doubles>It can't go up again right?>go to sleep>up another 50%I need to stop sleeping at prime china hours
Everyone chasing this pump is going to get rekt worse than buying link at 45 cents.Everyone was excited for the ETH flippening too.History repeats itself, and you idiots are too shortsighted to remember 3 months ago
probably will wake up to 2k tomorrow, its asians pumping it crazy each night.
they only lost money if they bought the incorrect bitcoin after aug 1.if they bought bitcoin before aug 1 (and stored it in a personal wallet instead of pretending that anything on an exchange is owned by them) they have both the correct and incorrect versions of bitcoin.
Fucking numerous /biz/ shills attacking Bitcoin Cash for laughs from last WED threadhttp://boards.4chan.org/biz/thread/4275930#top
I'm 1/2 BTC and 1/2 BCG /comfy/
https://discord.gg/CFNnvX6

God discord is really becoming the new IRC...
If your "flippening" succeeds in killing BTC, you've just destroyed confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
There will be no crown to assume.
Cant wait to buy the cheap btc
screencap this yourself you fucking cuck
u lose what you gain staying at absolutely nothingwell done idiot
bitcoin whiners all of a sudden care about the community and its feeling...lol please take your bags and go home
"21 BTC is pajeet tier" BTC means less than 1 million people>currently if every millionaire in the world wanted to own 1 BTC, there wouldn't be enoughYou are fucking retarded.
Go back to school.
Fuck your crown nigga
Include me in the screenshot
4305805me too cuz if dont happen im broke
If your "flippening" succeeds in killing BTC, you've just destroyed confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
There will be no crown to assume.
ETH is better than both your shitcoins.Bitcoin and bitcoin 2 will both end up in the dustbin of history and ETH will be crowned the winner you can screencap this and include me
It will destroy confidence in Bitcoin.
As in should.
But not crypto.It will make people aware that hard forks kill currencies and proper consensus needs to reached to upgrade the tech.
Rekt
eth will never be the most valuable coin.
ever.screencap this.
Yes it will.
Bitcoin and bitcoin 2, if they exist in the future, will be emulated as an ethereum token.Look at all the shitcoins on coinmarketcap that are ethereum based tokens.
Gradually its going to roll over bitcoin like a tidal wave.
Ethereum is satoshis vision.
Screencap this.
faggot!
whered ma eth gowell 300 + million eth just got stolen try again next time.nice try nobody wants your hackfest of a coin