MOONING HOLY FUCK YES FUCK YES I MADE IT IM RICH
calm your tits kid.
Calm down, not moon yet.
Though price is going to swell from Swift partnership rumors.
(Enough leaks at this point to be sure it is real.)
this is nothing.
We haven't even gone above sea level yet, buddy.
you're hallucinating, anonhave you finally lost it?
>no shillbot here
Partnership rumors?
i've been away from /biz/ for a few days what did i miss?
Never going to understand why retards need "rumours" to finally realise they have a partnership with SWIFT.
It has been made obvious multiple times already.
wanted to get into that for a while now.
Which seller is the most trustworthy for LINK ?
JSON parser
RIP all the weak hands that bought at .50 and sold at a loss.
This board will be pink wojaks soon.
$29 EOY
They will be hanging themselves if they panic sold before the end of the year.
Wait until the Bitcoin bs is down and end of quarter decisions/announcements are made.
Two multinational companies have endorsed Chainlink.
Get in now.
who makes all of these fucking frog pictures


https://swift.smartcontract.com/What happened to the site?Some guy asked Rory about and Rory said, "I am awaiting word back from the team on this one.
: Few hours later it was taken down.
Some anon drew this one on paper and I coloured it on Photoshop.
Binance
>not a single faggot undestood that this is a trollIm link bagholder myself and i know this is a troll because of linkers and their 3% or 0.01$ moon
He didnt say that in the slack.Where did he say that?So the shills are back I see?
Everyoen doign nice from the 2600 buy from earleir?
yeah, looks like it wasn't supposed to be up yet.
lol if you're not in on this rocketship before they release that shit officially you're mentally ill.
I love images like this, fucking making me stupidly crack upDo the same for all the other coins please
frog picturesJesus christ how new are you?
Be honest I won't judge.
The anonymous collective
>LINK is held by 80% of /biz/>most of them want it to failWhy
mental instability most of these biz poorfag won't know what to do when they're rich.
most likely just end up in the gutter poor again.
M00t, founder of 9gag
So new he just came out of his mother bitch.
5% up> down 70% since Sibos, the last even where some kind of "news" was dropped about this vaporware ERC20 shittoken> this means it needs 300% pump to get on Sibos priceYes, free rent.
Another day, another promotion