Has there been any news on IOTA?
I don't understand why it was stuck for a week and it's been consistently growing these past 3 days, I haven't even seen any shilling about it.Do you all know something I don't?
Up 45% in 2 days, btw.
its crap.
stop shilling
As-Salaam-Alaikum
It's called mooning, OP

There is a new exchange listing in a few days and also there is a rumor that there is A LOT of news coming soon.
They claim only 10% of them for this year have been made public.
IOTA has the potential to dethrone Bitcoin.
Iota is designed for m2m economy but if it proves itself will be the go to choice as a cryptocurrency.
Why?
No fees, no miners, speed, scalability.
Not shilling for iota as there are a lot of things to overcome ie.
coordinator, good wallet, more exchanges but if they figure these out there is no ceiling.
There is larger news coming from IOTA than the crypto scene has ever seen.
Watch over the next 20 days and see...
That seems unlikely as fuck, that they have a big announcement.
I have a wallet and it keeps saying unable to connect.
Any ideas on what to do?
Here is what is publicly known about the remainder of 2017 for IOTA.
IOTA team has stated that only 10% of 2017 news has come out so far and that remainder of November and December will be major.
IOTA will be added to most of major exchanges by end of year.
UCL wallet will be released by end of year.
Big partnerships announced once the foundation is established, which was established this week.
Expect a big December for IOTA
keep reconnecting to the tangle, had the same issue
How is it unlikely?
Do you have any logical reason or you just don't like it?
no, no one here knows anything.
everyone here are a bunch of retards who follow the herd and lose thousands of dollars.
do you really think these pink wojacks would be intelligent enough to invest in a project like this?
Seems self-shilling.But hey, I hope it's true, I have over $100 bucks in IOTA.
I know everything.
I'll keep believing in IOTA then.
GIOTA club member here... how many of my brothers are on here now?
4397143Download new wallet from github.
Then balance is 0.
Attach to tangle from wallet.
Repeat until the balance is right.
You'r welcome.
times over, we finna be rich
Flash channels released.It allows multiple parties to create an off-tangle channel where they can transfer iota between each other instantly as many times as they want, and then when they close the channel, the final balances are posted to the tangle.So you can have thousands of transactions but only 2 get posted to the tangle: the opening and closing transactions.
how many us dollaridoos is one giota right nowgive me a scale
$868.70
Well done, brother...
The GIOTA Club sure is a comfy club.
I've got over 30gi.
If it dethrones btc, I'll be a legit crypto millionaire
you can pay by IOTA's for these IOTA hats here my nigashttps://www.d3vur.com/product/iota-snapback-cap/ >Fuk the haters>Machine economy my niga
Love my Iota bag.And Im so happy all those alt-right nazi faggots left the iota train and will stay poor :D

Iota is like a giant fuzzy warm blanket next to a fire in a log cabin when it is snowing outside.
Comfy AF
Sold at $0.816, thought it would drop.
Well done if you didn't sell.
You cannot sell IOTA right now.
Market Cap will go up at least 10x within the next 6 months man
Shhhhh...they don't know yet
REEEEEEEI want to buy more IOTA but it's not dipping
There will be a pullback around the ATH.
Expect 10-15%.
This will be the last chance to purchase before $2
I do not think there will be a pullback this time.
All these gains from BTC will slowly find there way over to IOTA - natural flow of money coming here
The current IOTA bull run started with the during the Fujitsu IOT conference last week.
There were a couple of tweets from Dr. Rold Werner discussing IOTA https://twitter.com/RolfWerner/status/920572858702749699https://twitter.com/RolfWerner/status/925658290540990465When he makes a poll with the question: #IOTA being the ONLY valid crypto, it has to mean Fujitsu sees huge potential in IOTA.
Also the news that IOTA was gonna get listed on OKEx helped pushing up the price.
The rumors that there will be more announcements in December has a lot of people excited.
If the rumors are valid and there will be more huge announcements in December I believe the price will continue to rise.
Who is Rolf Werner??
Kek
Anyway, I'm glad that IOTA seems to be headed towards it's moon mission soonAlthough it's silly to say that it is the ONLY crypto that is valid.
Chairman and Head of central Europe.
Dayumn.
Big if IOTA pulls through.
About to be listed on Bittrex.Source: am Bittrex
43977614397956IOTA price = BTC price + IOTA volume + IOTA investor interest + upcoming relations with China 20-22th
What the fuck is wrong with this piece of shit?
My password clearly meets the requirements.
I tried adding a bunch of special chars and numbers and caps everywhere and it doesn't fucking work.
Never mind, figured it out.
For all their amazing password security requirements it doesn't work if there are spaces.
You need a ~~~special~~~ character.
pajeetajeet
You heard it here first!Screencap it!It will go viral here on /biz/.
I will make a video of it and I will post it in every pepe thread hear.You will see it everyday.I will get lots of replies.You will start using the:#4CHNalldayReply to my post with:#4CHNalldayand your next trade is going to be 999,99990% profitable.
fuck off
Never go full /bizstay poor
bought this shit at 0.60 one or 2 months ago, immediately became a bagholder.
Was nearly 50% down at one point, glad I didn't sell.
Now 50% up.I regret not buying more when it was 0.30 though, seemed like a great buy at the time but held off.
Another proof that you should buy after long dips
How is everyone storing it?
Is it safe to just let it sit on bitfinex for a long-ish period of time?
Serious talk here, anyone else feels like its just a matter of time until iota gets hacked?
It took years to come up with a non breakable SHA that is still being improved, but their tangle shit is fairly new and untested.
Isn't this extremely risky?
Try Password123!, always works for me
Thanks just lost 100k
It's the MAC of currencies, cannot be hacked the same way a Windows can
When will it be there?
Bought 1000 iota at .000113.
Will this be a $10 coin?
last time coordinator was taken off = iota crashed for 4 days.
i honestly don't understand iotards.
dude... bitfinex stopped serving US customers last month or something...
It'll be 100$ per coin eventuallyoh just stfu already nocoiner - IOTA signed with Fujitsu and EU compliance last week.2018 is IOTA year.
Because sometimes price adjustments aren't caused by useless "news" or pump-and-dumps.
Sometimes assets increase in price because people become aware of its real value/uses.
Guys.IOTA is legit shit.
I wont knock you for buying some and hoping it rises.
But it has so many issues.
There is literally 200m locked up because address reuse doesnt work, so they took it to "protect people"...The coordinator is a centralized entity controlling everything..
The devs are completely retarded.Ripple is worth a ton so I am not saying it is 100% a bad investment.
But it still sucks, and there is absolutely no way it should be worth 2 billion.
In addition to all this there is 200m+ of IOTA that hasnt been delivered to the ico participants.
So at least 20% is artificially and scummily locked up.
ShillIOTA devs told not to reuse adresses, but some did and lost their IOTAIOTA just started and needs a coordinator to rise, once it is top 5, there will be no need for oneRipple is just another altcoin that was well marketed to businesses, but has no benefits other than being marketed to businesses
This is it.
I have 1 Giota and am now quitting daytrading until januari.
Wish me luck
% of all IOTA got locked up because of it.... that is not "some"...The coordinator will never be removed.
There is no proof iota works when decentralized and they will not dare to try.
50 Gi club member here.
Do not forget to mention that 10% is arbitrary and will decrease with timeTell me how much % bitcoin got lost due to people losing the wallets, sending to the wrong address, getting hacked, getting fucked by all the alt ponzi schemesThe coordinator will be removed once their idea gains more users
iota is the worst coin out there.
100% pure shit.
Yep, whatever you do don't buy.
I prefer bitcoin due to the slowness, high fees, energy use, mining farms, forks, and spoons.
install wallet for your OShttps://github.com/iotaledger/wallet/releasesgenerate your seedJust be sure that:1) Your seed is a random assortment of letters and 9's2) Is 81 characters long3) You save your seed!Windows (PowerShell) not recommended poor entrophy-join ([char[]](65..90+57..57)*100 | Get-Random -Count 81)Linux (confirmed)cat /dev/urandom | LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'A-Z9' | fold -w 81 | head -n 1 or cat /dev/urandom | tr -dc A-Z9 | head –c ${1:-81}Mac (not tried)cat /dev/urandom |LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'A-Z9' | fold -w 81 | head -n 1login with your seedattach to tanglegenerate for every transaction a new receiving addresstransfer your iota from exchange to your "wallet" (onetime-receivingadress)


Think of it this way, it's new technology that targets an emerging industry.
Sure it has risks but it also has a ton of potential.
by the way:I had a lot of months this problem:during "attaching tangle" my i5-CPU was hot like a rocketsolution (from nice guy from /biz):switch in "tools"> "config" from WEBGL to CCURL...nice...now super fast and cool
giotamarine reporting in, ready to be JUST's sir
GIOTA club going to be comfy within a year
2.2 GIOTA here suck my cock FUD shills IOTA is going to the #1 spotTop coin not top alt
Is 4Giota enough to make it?
i understand new tech and it doesn't hold up from cryptography perspective at all.
Within 2 weeks
FEAR
What happened?
Is there any news?
people keep undercutting each other to dump
Depends how made you want it to be
Caught the bottom of this dip almost exactly, got an extra 75 Iota.
WHY ARE WE DUMPING WTF
Dips over, we're going to $1.
lol
Think its going to go down to around .65 before it bullets past $1.
Either way it is at least $1 by end of month.
When do I get my coins back?
>balance 0Wtf is this shit