If you've missed everything else, Coss has only moved up 10% in the past few days.
No, I don't have heavy bags.
I just think this will be huge so I bought a much as I could the past few weeks while it was low, and wanted to share.
Good luck all.
DYOR
>muh muh muh coss went up 10%>ARK up more than 30%>NEO up more than 15%>NULS up over 200%>REQ up almost 15%umm honey I think you've missed out on greater gains
shut the fuck up, I need to buy back from ARK
Clearly you can't read.
I'm already in on Ark.
I was sharing Coss to those who've missed out, because it hasn't mooned yet.
I've been soaking up cheap COSS during this last bear cycle.
This coin will go cosmic once that new 'pro' UI is released.
eta?
Heavy buys are coming in.
This is the only one I can see doing a 10x before the end of the year.
This is the most obvious choice.
Once Coss starts the fiat- alt coin gateway it will skyrocket...... don't be a cuck sitting on the sidelines with this coin!
Before end of year.
I think it's to be either released or demoed end of month.
how much u have anons ?
6,5 k here
k here.
I won't sell until I get at least a 10x on my money.
shill me this coin, I'm reading about it right now, but I need your shilling
$7.5 million marketcap.>You get paid a portion of the exchanges proceeds by holding Coss.>As their volume rises, you'll get paid more money per Coss and increasing the value of the token in the process.>Website is still in beta so there's a lot more to come.
Buying 200k tomorrow or possibly tonight depending on what okcash does
OP here.
23.5k.
Think if you would have had a chance to buy in as an investor with Poloniex or Bittrex of Bitfinex when they started.
Think if you could just get 0.0001% of the daily profit from these exchanges..... this is why you buy Coss.io right now.
You will kick yourself in the ass if you do not buy this very soon --- many people around the world will hear of this opportunity soon.
If coss reaches 1/2 the volume of binance, you'll get nearly a 300% annual return on investment as a dividend.
Pic related.
my bag is heavy with this shitcoin
$69million volume
You also have to think about the coins you're getting as payment.
You receive a portion of all the coins traded on the site and if you just hold them and some of them moon, that $3000 could potentially end up being worth double or triple that.
Easily.
The pic I posted is basically the most conservitive perspective since I treat everything as high risk.
Realistically, the return will be a shit ton higher in a year for the following reasons: - Model is 50% of today Binance volume only and Binance is only a few months old (July).
Reaching 100% of Binance volume is easily attainable after a UI rollout and a few months pass.
So 2x.> 2 - After the UI refresh, the marketplace functionality will be added to the exchange and enhanced.
That means traders will be able to fiat exchange all altcoins directly.
That will bring huge activity, but let's just pretend it only doubles it (another 2x.
Running total 4x)> 3 - Crypto market in general is still bullish.
It's reasonable to expect many-times more capital in crypto by end of next year.
To be conservitive again, let's say it's only tripled by Dec 2018 (3x, so total of 12x)While it sounds insane, that would mean that the annual return rate around Dec 2018 would be %3354 of today's investment.
That also means the coss token value around that time will scale up and probably be 100x or more from today's value.
IRONHANDS
COSS is my comfiest hold and i bought WTC at 44k
You are starting to understand.
This is truly one of those 100x tokens.
This shit is legit and got a large portion of my portfolio.
Remember everyone, they will be offering the following type of conversion:USD TO ANY ALT COIN ---- THIS IS F'EN HUGE AND MAY TAKE OVER LOTS OF TRADING EACH DAY AS PEOPLE DO NOT WANT TO CONVERT TO BTC AND TO ANOTHER CURRENCY JUST TO TRADE - FUCK BITCOIN CONVERSIONS TO MOVE MONEY -
This shilling makes me wish I had more.
Im bullish about coss but kucoin is running circles around it right now.
After the initial heavy rise and then been in a 1-2 months downtrend due to the bitcoin fork getting closer, it is now rising steadily every day.
People are accumulating and honestly this is one of the safest bets you can make.
It's a 7.5m coin with working products.
Can the products be improved, sure.
And that's coming in the end of this month.Wouldn't surprise me if you bought now that you could cash out at least 3x in less than a month (if you'd want to, I believe this has way bigger potential than that)
This is still in beta.... Cuckcoin, I mean Kucoin, will not pay out current rates after several months.
Coss.io will pay 50% profits to coin holders forever.... not 10% like Cuckcoin
Kucoin is post-pump.
Unless already holding, the gain celing on investment is far lower.
I moved my 50/50 Coss/Kucoin position to 90/10 when Kucoin hit $0.90.Don't be a twat
Also cuckcoin has 10x bigger cap than coss so imagine what kind roi you will get if the team delivers.
Sorry, don't mean to be a twat, but the English speaking market is not going to use CuckCoin (Kucoin) long term.
It just doesn't flow off the tongue easily if you know what I mean
Coss is a shit exchange that no one fucking uses.
Look at the trading volume history ffs
Yes, 10x more marketcap and they do not offer 50% profits to owners long term.
It is not a long term viable option imo
Also Coss will start airdopping icos to Coss holders
Trading volume being so low is why the coin is so insanely cheap.
It will only take 1 or 2 ICOs to double/triple the exchange volume, which in turn will double/triple (or more) the token value.This coin is a speculator's dream.
TIL brand new exchanges normally start out with a default trading volume of 100,000 BTC
Thanks to your post I tried coss.io for the first time and actually took the time to register.
The ui is quite slick and appealing, surprisingly.
I only find it a bit slow.
Maybe it won't hurt to throw some 1k$ish bucks at it and leave it for 3 months.