Hey guys, newfag question here.I'm starting to learn about cryptocurrencies, and I like the idea of having a way to save and invest money in a decentralized system that is less risky than using (((banks))) and more privateI think it could also be fun to learn a bit of investing on the side and play around with the alt coins, and such.I have a few questions, hopefully you can help me out.1) Is there a point in getting in the game if I can only invest 50usd to 100usd a month in crypto?
Plus, whatever I can get in payment from jobs from time to time, doing graphic design.2) How much time does it take you to be active in crypto trading / investing / saving?
Do you have to use time as if it were a full time job?
Can it be something one does on the side, only spending a an hour or two a day on it?3) When you look at a coin, how do you decide if you want to buy it?
How do you know at what point to sell?
(not looking for recommendations, just a general idea of what is your thought process.
)4) Has anyone here actually made money on crypto?
Has anyone been able to raise money on crypto and then use it to buy further investments like real estate, etc?Huge thanks to anyone willing to help out.
It's a stupid fad.
Don't be a sucker Some weaboo is gonna sell you shitcoins because hurr derr the value go up and down.
Buy some bitcoin if you must but then learn to trade options and real currencies with real money if you want high risk, high return active trading.
Dont fuck around with weaboo bucks
) yes if you don't need the money2) you can do it full time or not.
If you do position trading for example you don't need much time to trade at all and can still have a job.
Same with the others3) do something that works statistically.
It's not that easy, if it was everyone would be rich4) yes
) yeah, sure.
the first rule is to only invest money you're prepared to loose.2) 1-2 hours a day reading up on stuff.
start with the basic things, hit up google/investopedia when you read a word you don't know shit about.
read whitepapers, even if you don't understand them fully.
always have a general understanding about what you're investing in.3) again, read the whitepaper.
look up the community, look at the github repo to check how often the developers update.4) a lot of people.
but be prepared, there's no quick money here.also:1) every coin is shitcoin, prepare for flash crashes.
your money can be gone in seconds.
be mentally prepared for that.2) STUDY.
seriously.
learning about the thing you're planning to invest in should come BEFORE investing in the thing.3) don't trust 4chan, reddit, twitter, anyone.
there are scamcoins, scammers, shills, FUD, FOMO, it's a wild west in the crypto.
trust your own knowledge, because you should be the only one managing your investments.
if you're investing by your emotions, not your brain, you're doing it wrong.4) start studying the top 10 coins first.
know what they are for, what they're trying to achieve, what problems they're facing, the pros and cons.
don't ever start with ICOs and small coins.personal tip: Monero (XMR).
but don't trust anyone.
not even a stranger on 4chan like me.
PUT YOUR FUCKING MONEY IN CRYPTO
It's a stupid fad.
Don't be a sucker I think cryptos are here to stay.
The only way the get shut down is if (((they))) find a way to control them.>Some weaboo is gonna sell you shitcoins because hurr derr the value go up and down.
lol, that's what I am trying to avoid, and why I said "no recommendations, but let me know your thought process"Thanks a lot manWell, of course I could use the money, but I guess if I am going to save money anyways, it'd be better to invest it rather than save it in cash in the corner.I know it is not easy, I am not looking for a magic pill, more like an idea of where to get started with a strategy.
When I see the front page of /biz/ it looks like everyone is taking their decisions from shilling and getting hyped for no reason at all.Thanks for the help
don't listen to this goy
the first rule is to only invest money you're prepared to loose.Yeah, I guess there are more stable coins that are more kinda "savings" coins, like BTC, ETH, LIT.
and the newer ones which fluctuate more, right?-2 hours a day reading up on stuffShould I approach my education on this as if I was learning on investing in stocks?>a lot of people.
but be prepared, there's no quick money here.Sure, I know there is no magic pill, I thought "if I am saving money in cash anyways, why not save in investments instead?
"personal tip: MoneroYeah, I was reading a bit on it.
It seems it has many advantages over Bitcoin.
But I'm so new I don't even know where to get started buying cryptos for money.
I only had Dogecoins before.NOT ALL OF IT M8.
WHAT IF THERE IS A SOLAR STORM THAT SHUTS DOWN THE INTERNET AND YOU NEED SOME SORT OF BACKUP MONEY?
start reading up on bitcoin, the mother of all.
you should start at the first step.
once you've got a general understanding what it is, pick a coin that you find interesting.
it's really just reading a bunch of shit first.i bought first by FOMO at an all-time-high price, then i realized i should at least know what i'm doing.
since i've been doing the same investment for a long time, you're planning to do (investing monthly 50-100-150 usd of my savings) i always have the time to learn until my next paycheck.i can't emphasize how much of crypto investment is just basically reading and learning.
it's kinda like investing in traditional stocks, but crypto often works and behaves different.>But I'm so new I don't even know where to get started buying cryptos for money.there are many exchanges, and currencies usually note on which exchange you can buy them.
but it really shouldn't matter now.
just please don't start right at an exchange.
at this moment we're watching an exchange slowly breaking down and (most likely) going bankrupt.
information is knowledge, and will save you a lot of money in the long run.
start by looking up bitcoin, i think monero and ethereum would be a good one to continue with.
but don't buy any of them right off the bat.
I forgot to thank you.The first things I did where watch some videos on youtube about how bitcoin works, and how secure its cryptography really is (3Blue1Brown channel in case someone wants to check it out.)
Then I read Wikipedia's page on Bitcoin, and watched the documentaries "Banking on Bitcoin", and "The Rise & Rise of Bitcoin", to get an idea of what has been going on with it.Any ideas for things to read now?Thanks for your reply btw.>mfw I could have bought BTC at usd 100 or less...
Oh, shit.
I'm seeing that every exchange out there wants your personal information and your bank account information.
I don't have a bank account, and the government thinks I am NEET with usd 0 earnings per month, what do I do?