1.
BitcoinCash will get 1/2 of the Marketcap of Bitcoin2.
Bitcoin starts crashing3.
Ethereum and Altcoins Moon harder then anybody could ever imagine4.
Old Bitcoin OGs get Rekt, while NewFags betting on Alts get rich.
I was a 2013-2017 Bitcoin OG... until last March when I tossed all those dinosaur coins and went full alt.
ETH and DGB made me the Bcash and alt whale I am today.
Newfags will NEVER get rich, let alone by betting on worthless fucking shitcoins.
I pray every fucking day that faggots who only discovered crypto in 2017 die a horrible death
Old Bitcoiners got both BTC and BCH during the fork.
One was worthless, other was king.
They flip and the outcome is still the same for oldfags: one is worthless and other is king.Long time HODLrs don't get rekt here.
DGBFuck you i wanted to believe you
nice larp
you don't sound like a happy person
You know, some people here sold at like 2500 sats
id you not knoow.
the old crrew is the new crew.
the same crew from before.
there are many diferent soluttions in digital currency.
btc is god at them but zec is better.
and fr other things waves id bettter than btc.
and for other things doge is better than btc.
people have had tunnel vision but a garden with many things growing is better than a garden with only flower
Bcash gets one pump and you think it's THE BTC?
Fuck off noob
4300275
muh cryptomuh mooncan u stop fucking acting like this is science?
u are gambling on heavily manipulated meme coins that got shilled this year in an unbelievable way.
I know right same for people who discovered it in 2016, 2015, 2014 & 2013; I'm a 2012 boy, I still have my USB miners :DDDD
I'm a $20 bitcoin boy, how did it feel to suck on my Big Juicy bags?
I'm a 60 cent Bitcoin boy, how did it feel buying my 30x bags?
Alt coins are the future.
They are tokenized businesses with interest paying through smart contracts in some cases.
The ideas that they are coming up with can be global replacements for many industries.
This is a shift in perception and what is possible on this planet.
This opens up investments to corners of the world where money has always been under control of dictators and therefore could not exit their countries.
We are truly early adopters.
Anyone who thinks we have even begun to see the impact of these "alt-coin" mechanisms is deluded.
Go all alt now or you will be like these people wishing they could have bought BTC for pennies....
You got cucked; While I was selling I had a chick give me a BJ and timed it so I came on the final sell order which caused a red day (See Sunday the 15th of October)