Why the mini pump?
Someone from the team said they'd be announcing a partnership tomorrow

Great, hopefully it will 2x
also
mfw a retard sold yesterday because his bag was a bit heavytopkek
fyi: IBM claimed in April 2011 that 80% of Fortune 500 companies were using IBM cloud, and that their software and services were used by more than 20 million end-user customers, with clients including American Airlines, Aviva, Carfax, Frito-Lay, IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company, and 7-Eleven.
[11]" decentralized cloud computing is the future.
Trust me guys on this i exec will be worth billions especially with IBM in their corner.
>Sold at 9150>bought at 8801Holy shit, I just accumulated.
what a rush!
carefull with the news coming you could get left in the dust
The problem with sleeping on this coin is that if it decides to moon overnight it could go fucking 3x before I realize it, I wanted to set a sell for 33% of my stack at 10k and another 33% at 12k, but it could spike and hit 20k by tomorrow and find a new floor and Id wanna kill myself.I'm just gonna sleep on my stack.
Best of luck on your trades tonight!
Interested but not sold.
Price already spiked today.
Buying high is always a bad idea
same was said to me went i bought a ton of ETH at $14, glad I didn't listen.
The price hardly spiked outside its normal range.
Once these announcements start flowing over the next month, you won't see this below $1 again.
If feel like this could be next multi billion coin
already got a bunch of nice rlc, excited about the announcement
Same.
Currently 10 AM in France, so hopefully sometime soon.
Is iex well known in France?
I believe it has had good coverage in some fairly large media publications (5-10m readership) in France.
Can't find where I saw the links to it though.
4374285Recently won an award in France for 'most disruptive technology' and also a study came out that said they were 5yrs ahead of anyone else in the industry.
Their code is even used in current grid/super computing systems.
CEO is PHD, has been publishing super computing research for 15yrs.
Dudes are rock stars of grid/super computing.
You want to own this.
People who understand what they are doing and are accomplishing completely agree.
Not to mention low total supply and many future use cases for the token are planned.
Congrats to all who have a position in this.
REQ is backed by them.
hint hint
almost sold yesterday, but then I sold almost at the peak of the pump.
good thing I could drop my bags.
maybe I buy back after the "sell the news" selloff
Yeah, I'm planning on trading this all the way up.
I want my stock as deep as possible for a long term hodl on this one.
What the hell is this thing?
Feel like I'm seeing RLC pop up everywhere the past week
you are me.
I actually parted with a few k of iexec instead.
Not the worst decision, but definitely bad timing.
Well, seeing how BTC just starts to moon again I'd say we are in for another rally.
Good chance to flip for more RLC if this goes down in satoshis.
Can't believe RLC jumped 20% right after being idle for days and right after me selling my bag at bottom for a low-cap shitcoin.
Didn't even invest in the lo cap due to cold feet.
Fuarrk.
cloud computing, the future internet, etc
If i have 4k rlc will i make it?
Yes, I wouldn't be surprised if it hits 100 within two years, and that's nothing to scoff at.
Rumor has it that large partnership will be made with IEXEC later today, coinciding with their dapp store official launched scheduled for December 2017.
I have a strong feeling this coin will be the one to watch very soon.
When are they announcing their shit?The guy said "few hours", it's already a fucking day.
He said tommorow
No he didn't, he said "few hours" yesterday
Fuck off retard, look at 3rd post in this thread
fuck should've bought a bigger bag in the dip
The message was posted yesterday, place the barrel in your mouth and pull the trigger you pile of nigger shit.
I am going to have so many fucking homes and cars after IEXEC moons.
Lamboland is not a fair descriptor of where this coin will take us, gents.
Are you the folding at home golem poster?
Thank you for what you've done for iExec on this board, I try everything I can too.
But he didnt say in a few hours, fucking cock sucking autist
Shut the fuck up now and go get pounded elsewhere like the AIDS ridden faggot you are, fucking human shart.
Wow, they are partnering with some random shitcoin which ICO is not even done, it's literally nothing.