xD
"Bosnia-Herzegovina Convertible Mark"wow, never seen this shit before.
for some odd reason i assumed that you ex-yugo countries used the same currency
nope.
slovenia uses eur, croatia uses kuna, bosnia uses convertible mark (bound to euro), montenegro uses euro (despite not part of eu), serbia uses dinar, kosovo uses weed and macedonia... dunno
wow, your shithole country should ditch their currency and fully adopt crypto.
agree.
corrupt political cunts wouln't know how to steal
well there you go, you learn something new every day.
there are alot of posters on biz that claim to be from a "3rd world shithole" which in most cases is an eastern european country.
whats the cost of living like in bosnia?
also i dont have any comments about your portfolio other then its the most conservative one ive seen.
you wont see massive gains but its very unlikely that you'll lose any money
cost of living is really cheap.
here comparision munich - sarajevo https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=Germany&country2=Bosnia+And+Herzegovina&city1=Munich&city2=Sarajevoand sarajevo might be like 1.5-2 fold more expensive than the rest.wages are, however low.
a lot of diaspora is sending money towards relatives in the country.
lot of ppl work outside and then come back to spend the money here.however, the quality of life (despite the lack of money) is quite good - ppl are much more relaxed than in western europe.
quality of life is goodAjde sto lazes drugima nego sto lazes samom sebi
I'd buy a shitcoin with the ETH.
ps.
: regarding the portfolio - i made 120% during the last 6 months when i got in.
perfectly fine for me... just hoping that it won't drop sometime dramatically, but i guess the crypto bubble is not even near popping

ako si u IT sektoru ovdje ti moze biti odlicno... sta ti radis?
Gdje radis i kolika ti je plata
do 4k bruto - i to bez nekog srkleta... ponekad ulete jos neki honorari, zena u istoj bransi, slicna stvar
Uzmi u obzir da je to 5x vise od prosjecne plate, tako da nisi bas dobro mjerilo za zivotni standard.
Al' svaka cast.
taman tako.
al' sam zato i ostavio godina zivota kad sam se jebavao po faksu dok su ostali pusili vodene lule - s tim da sam studirao ono sto sam volio, a ne zbog novca
ps.
: nije 5x prosjecna (jedno 3-3.5x prosjecna) - naveo sam bio bruto