Get in here boys, it's starting
NO U
Pump your mother if you want pump
AhhhhhhhAAAAAAAHHHHSold at 38,6$
PLEASE JUST GET BACK TO .0052 I SWEAR I SELL THIS TIME MOMMY I SWEAR AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
diddo
Careful, could make a 100% retrace now.
Here we go goys!
tell what is the reason that NEO is going up?if there is no reason, its just temporary fake mooning orcestraded by whales i guess
he didn't draw memelinesNice work anon
Its not.
It went up yesterday and now its going back down.
Can someone please post a meme lines discord so we can see that shit in real time?
480 breached
490 breached 2 minutes later
at what time is the conference or the announcement ?
I'm assuming afternoon in Asia
ok, i am dropping my bags.
will see after announcement
White paper soonhttps://neonexchange.org/I don't own any NEOBut this is the reason for recent pumpplus "news" that china will reopen ICOs but only on NEO network not ETH.
how much money are you fucking idiots going to lose on this?
drop bags and move on with your life
All of it.
Neo fo life
is there confirmed source that China reopen ICOs to NEO?if not, its just rumour and speculation
>he sold at the bottom againSee you at $60
what is the reason that you see NEO going to $ 60?
>just wanted to go to bedOk... lets do this....
confirmed?NoThe article in question was reporter speculationIs why i put "news" in quotes.
WAT IS THE NEWS ALREADY!?!!
500k breached almost
Loopring
Stay with us senpai
I'm just fucking around.
Only was it goes to 60 or more is if it becomes the ico platform of China which is not happening tomorrow.
I don't think what other news would propel it to those heights rn.
Probably will dump sub $32 after the news.
should be single quote.
Double is what someone said.
SHABOOEY IS MY BLESSING FOR THIS NEO PUMP!!
I listen to my heart, and my heart says PUMP PUMP PUMP PUMP
500k breached!!
kw-we back?
retards, its artificial pump to drop their bags, there will be another dip before announcement .
NEO is too volatile and toxic.
Be careful or get dumped hard
k coming soon!!
Ok, we have the BLESSING.
Moon time!
i think bots p&d according to btc's price.
BTC is slightly declining as well
Tfw I sold at 525 this morning and bought the 450 dip this afternoon :D
Nice work
Someone did sayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BNDXJg9oSAmaybe it should be "'news'"Triples for WIN!!
Come on 510
did you sell, biz?
its gonna drop again to 480 or 490
He sold Chinese Ethereum
this is gonna hurt when it drops again.
this is just the same old "buy the rumor sell the news" routine
Hold until Monday, big gains to be made.Trust me on this, NEVER sell in the red.You need to have patience if you want to trade crytpos, this is not a get rich quick type of thing.
monday is tonight in asia
Ok I sold, made a nice quick 200 bucks profit.But not going to sacrifice my sleep for this risky shit.
It is 6am or so in Beijing, in 12-24 hours it is going to skyrocket, ill come back in 12-24 hours to post my gains.
damn, a 171 BTC buy order just appeared...
kek that reminded me of Pokemon
That one keeps popping up and going away.I have seen it several times today, though it started out as a 110 or so BTC order.
wheres the best place to watch the orders?
so, what does it mean?
artificial pump or somebody really wants to accumulate this many NEO at this price?
also, trips
its market manipulation, so yes its artificial
Desu swing traders.
If you bought over 0.048 baghold forever or take losses now
Everything is
3 years of blessing mothafukas!
yup, sold my bags
silly
Fuck, now I have to all in don't I?
My nigga this is 100 a get rich quick scheme when compared to traditional markets and investments.
unloaded my bags (400 neo)
maybe if we post pictures of asian girls they'll buy more NEO
I've been JUST'ed numerous times selling in red, listen to this guy.
nah, bad time to buy.
this is gonna go back to $35 after the news.
the announcement is about an updated white paper and company progress so far.
Neo is the biggest pile of shitIf anyone seriously holds this coin they deserve the losses they are going to take over the next year
why are you faggots pumping this shit?
No
welcome!
lets do this!
you were right, it was artificial pump, and NEO continue downtrend
>buy at 630>sell today at 470I-it was a smart sell, right guys?
It's going to go lower than 470, right?
with a snap they can freeze the blockchainno thxdo not want
When this BTC rally is finished NEO is going to go up for sure.
so what's everyones plan for the next 12-14 hrs?i kinda wanna sell when the news hits and buy back when it dips
same
4452105>White paper soon>https://neonexchange.org/>I don't own any NEO>But this is the reason for recent pump>plus "news" that china will reopen ICOs but only on NEO network not ETH.It's confirmed by a member of the neo council that it is not related 4452267>is there confirmed source that China reopen ICOs to NEO?>if not, its just rumour and speculationIt's been confirmed that it has nothing to do with Chinese regulations.
Stop saying this.
This 'news' is going to let everyone holding bags down.
Why do u think it's tanked so much in the past few hours?
Because the rumor was denied.
so what's everyones plan for the next 12-14 hrs?>i kinda wanna sell when the news hits and buy back when it dipsIt's literally doing that right now, 37 to 40 up and down.
This 'news' is going to let everyone holding bags downI hope you're wrong Anon, Neo has never announced announcements ahead of time like this despite having amazing news and conferences all the time.
Whatever they are sitting on it isn't government big, but it's big.
how do you know that news is big?
Neo has never announced announcements ahead of time like this despite having amazing news and conferences all the timeWhy would they suddenly pull this "3 lifetimes of blessings" if it was just a simple dev blog or community update?
NEO is a great coin and platform and doesn't deserve this bullshit at all.
It's worth $150 easily this shit pisses me off.
Have you all not seen the new council info where they said it has nothing to do with China or partnerships or regulation and it's about showing coin holders neos progress?
This morning everybody was talking about this she that's why it sold.
How did this info just disappear?
Also: https://twitter.com/ByteSizeCapital/status/932362720262815744
Should I just leave my NEO be and go to sleep.
this shit is fucked
if i do sell where should i put my gains?