Hi anons.
Mined a few btc back in high school several years ago.
In college now, wanting to get back into crypto.
If I currently own no crypto whatsoever, what is my best move to get into POWR and XMR asap from straight fiat (USD)?
Should I buy BTC or ETH to use to buy the alts?
What exchanges would be best (fees, trustworthiness) considering I have less than $1000 USD to invest (I'm a university poorfag currently).
don't jump into alts unless you're prepared to lose up to 90% of what you have
Buy btc on coinbase, transfer btc to bittrex, trade btc for powr and xmr.
Watch a youtube guide if you're having trouble with a step in the process.
Make sure you go to official websites, not scam imposters.
Donr invest if you're not willinh to loose your moneyUse eth, fast transactions and low fees, binance has a 0.1% fee and that's as good as it gets (some sites say they have 0 fees but its kinda sketchy)
it's impossible to lose much in BTC.
So for op it's the safest option.
Not everyone is retarded gambler.
XMR and especially POWR have been pumped very recently.
Please don't listen to the others here and take my advice in investing in something that is lower now.
XMR is not a bad investment, while POWR is questionable at best.
If you want to press this however, buy LTC, as it is the fastest for trading from coinbase.
Transfer it to a wallet on bittrex(exchance), sell it for btc, and then you can proceed to buy and hold as much as you wish.
If you want I can give you other sound investments, either for short or longterm, but be wary regardless as everyone here potentially just wants to shill.
OP here.
Thanks for the advice -- all of you.
POWR seems the riskiest but I'm confident Monero will increase.
I'm looking at semi-longterm plays like 2-3 months
Thanks -- didn't know if any legitimate people would respond to this thread.
POWR truly is an alt coin at this moment but I believe it has potential long term however I still want to do more research.
Monero is hardly an alt coin these days and I think their vision is more true to what people wanted crypto to be.
I day traded small cap stocks before so I understand stop losses, etc.
If I had like 10k then I would just invest in BTC after the next dip.
Do you have a WhatsApp or something?
I'm new to crypto but I used to be really into day trading small cap stocks a few years back.
Crypto's Wild West feel is really exciting (and dangerous) but semi-long plays interest me.
Someone to talk to would be great
You still there?
My thread's not getting bumped :l
Give me a shout kid.
I'll sort you out with how to get into Bcash.