- Real use case that decentralizes the publishing industry.
Authors today lose much of their revenue to the oligopoly of publishers but lack the necessary tools to succeed through self-publishing.
PBL, the token, allows for a decentralized way to verify ownership of books and sidestep the grasp that the traditional industry has on budding authors.- Qualified team with experience launching products at companies like DirecTV, Netflix and Sony.
Also has the CEO of Scandiweb on board.- Talks with multiple exchanges confirmed by team in Telegram- Prototype launch in 3-4 weeks, which makes it more likely for it to be picked up by bigger exchanges like Binance and Trex- Hype: the team had raised 300k prior to today’s presentation at D10, a pitch competition for upcoming ICOs with $100,000 at stake.
Afterwards, multiple buyers quickly pushed the contribution to the hard cap in a few hours.
Many others couldn't get in and are looking to buy later on the secondary market.
The presentation is available online if you want to see.- Biggest kicker: 1M hard cap.
If you look at all the successful ICOs recently, they all had minuscule caps that gave them plenty of room to grow.
While it’s not as low as Confido’s 400k, 1M is still extremely low when other ICOs continue to raise 15M - 45M.
Get in on ED next week boys.
what date/timewhat is ED?
erectile dysfunction?
I keep missing out on these low cap ICOs.
The fomo is real.
I'm going to pick some up from EtherDelta after token release.
I'm surprised they're asking for such a small amount with a team of that magnitude and experience...They all look like seasoned veterans.
what is the token address?
What the hell?
they sold out their entire hard cap in 3 hours?
Yep.
EtherDelta is my next stop.
This
Scandiweb - Publica co-founder and leading digital agencyClients include Lancome, Walmart, Thomson Reuters, The New York Times, Peugot, Sephora, AfterPay, Jysk & many more.
http://d10e.biz/davos-2017/https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/here-are-5-icos-that-are-worth-your-time-and-money_us_59f9a4f3e4b0412aab840c5fAll of this & low cap?
This gonna be good!
THIS
Contract address will be available after token distribution this week.
The team chose to not use a smart contract for initial distribution because they wanted to allow contributions in BTC as well as ETH.
well anon you come back and tell us the token address when you get em tks
Anon should do that
Authors today lose much of their revenue to the oligopoly of publishers but lack the necessary tools to succeed through self-publishing.
PBL, the token, allows for a decentralized way to verify ownership of books and sidestep the grasp that the traditional industry has on budding authors.Eeehhhhh.
Where does the rubber meet the road?
I don't know where >blockchain+publishing = profits.Publishing has to do with ownership?
You need to prove you wrote a book before you can publish it?
Is this a publishing system that publishers can be compatible with?I just don't understand.
Don't ask questions just fucking buy the coin pajeet.
https://medium.com/publicaio/publica-ceo-answers-a-skeptics-questions-2006f81be3bf
The project requires an all-devices ereader that does double-duty as a digital walletSo so far it's nothing compared to confido.>doesn't actually say anything about how it's used for publishingscam
So many fags trying to offload their fresh bags>ask for $5m, offer 40% bonus>failing ICO>restart ICO with $1m cap>rebrand as low cap>market to shill groups on slack and telegram>shill to /biz/You cucks all saw Confido and thought all you had to do was shill hard enough.Try again.