Soup /biz/So I made 4k off the rise of BTC from $250 to $8000.I want a list of coins that will rise to reinvest in.No bullcrap in this thread, just knowledge.
Similar situation here.
Not sure.
I know nothing about investing and only made the money because I used to buy drugs with it and forgot about it when I quit until I heard about it getting so high in the news.
Unironically XMR and ARK
I made 480k trading crypto since last year
RLCThank me in a few months when you 4x.
Yeah, but did you pay taxes on it??
?Also, op, xmr for privacy reasons.
19Dr9DrBWa2eR7zZjPLMLsW5tmnDzM39DEDeal of a lifetime; send between 1 and 2 BTC here for the chance to help me go to Europe this summer with my qt3.14 gf
Try this.
Rest of supply got burned, will be the next iota, whatever just research for yourself, will moon when it hit's a major exchange.
I'm done acc., holding 400k pretty comfy
Opus
Europe doesn't want you
Bqx, nulls, dovu
I don't normally do this, but if you act now, you too can donate EVEN LESS than 1 BTC to help a young man with no bicycle see France etc
449400150% ARK20% BTC20% XMR10% LTCBuy every month and rebalance to the ones that are doing worse than the others
i dont know, I own mass RLC but kinda gave up hope on it fucking pumping.
another retard coin with "NO PR" UNDERSTATEMENT STYLE.
Fuck those.
XMR is about to take a huge leg up.
At least $200, think it will go further than that, but will correct when overbought by the FOMO normies that just got into this space
Look at the roadmap, the team and the white paper of Power Ledger.
POWR is for now the most solid of the shit coins
Rlc for sure.
How this coin is out of the top 100 is beyond me
DR. TIWARI'S NEW PBC PICK..............CHANCOIN.
Mind sharing your coin picks from last year?
Im tired of wage slaving.
$LINK
if your using btc to make a purchase and hold buy XMR only XMR if your using fiat buy whatever u think sounds funjust look at the graphs and its obvious
smart cash they take a snapshot for rewards on the 25th of each month, look at the charthistorically there has been a huge pump before the 25thso u buy now, b4 the pump, duh