Who are the people paying $8200 for one fucking Bitcoin?
Is it just Bitfinex employees buying with tether?
are you dumb?
the value of bitcoin is much higher than this.
dont be an idiot
 BTC= $10,000 on NEWYEARS EVEso that mean $1800 profit per coin
I'd pay for one if I had $8200 lying around.
It can't help me right now, one because it's $8200 and two it's just lying there.
Let it sit in a BTC wallet for a year, and $16k can change a couple things for the better.
Is it just Bitfinex employees buying with tether?Holy fuck you nocoiners are retards
I'd pay 8200 for an investment that's going to be 1 million in a few years.
And it will get that high because the introduction rate is so slow that the money coming in will outpace the money trying to flow out for years to come.
The only thing that will kill bitcoin is the price doing nothing while other investments outpace it, leading to a feedback loop of capital flight.
When is that loop going to happen?
Who the fuck knows.
Right now the volitity is huge and people are eating that shit up, and the party will probably continue until we reach the point people are more interested in the cash than they are the paper gains.
That's actually one of the more complex parts of all this: bitcoin is incredibly easy to lose.
It's not like standard property and someone will hand it over when you die.
You die and your keys die with you.
No one can sieze them.
For the time being this shit is very secure for maintaining your wealth on paper.
When trust fund kiddies and brokerages start dumping the stuff because people more interested in yachts and mansions are telling them to, then will be the time to get out.
Until then, enjoy the ride.
No, it's much lower.
You can spout bullshit about "digital gold" and "store of value" all you'd like, but bitcoin's intended purpose is be used as a digital currency, and it does that very poorly.
Transaction times are way too long, it's not scalable, and transaction fees are ludicrous.And every time developers get together and propose upgrades to make it actually work better, people lose their shit.
If it continues this way, then bitcoin will die.
Clear a lot of people with a lot of money completely and utterly disagree with you.
So with that, everything you think and say has been deemed worthless of any sort of consideration.
Institutional money isn’t even in yet!
You guys will see.
Over 100 hedge funds are looking at how to invest into this.
2018 is going to be fucking wild.
Whatever you’re doing, I’d say keep half your portfolio at least, in btc.
Cap this shit, fuck the moon, we are going to fucking Mars next year and setting up a colony.
I've been saving for months to buy my first bitcoin.
they're so damn expensive.
T. real estate agent, 2007
Or its a gradual pump which will dump in 5 days when the difficulty increases and the Chinese miners instantly switch?Just like before.
say your thing:>muh satoshi's vision
Transaction times are way too long, it's not scalable, and transaction fees are ludicrous.those things will get fixed in time / don't matter right now / why fucking wait until those things are fixed to buy / stay poor
been saving for months to buy my first bitcoin.
they're so damn expensive.huh?Why don't you just buy what you can now?
Not him but I only buy crypto coins in whole numbers.
You are misinformed.The devs ARE upgrading it.
It's the miners and certain business execs that are stalling.
DYOR
> don't know about market capthe current state of /biz
that's 100 million Satoshis, bro.
You can buy .00000001 bitcoin bro...
hundreds of fuck huge investment companies who've been told "buy just a tiny amount of bitcoin"
Most people don't even own a whole bitcoin.
right now nearly all the money is coming from tether .this is one of the biggest scams ever and people who buy dinosaur coin right now deserve to get bunt
You are objectively correct up until "then bitcoin will die".Gold has barely any real use.
People buy it.
Yes, the original purpose has been perverted, but it can still become phenomenally successful as muh digitals goldBuy Bitcoin Cash or Dash or Monero if you believe in that as something useful.
I own all four.
You forgot they also can "lend" tether for margin long positions to further pump the price.