I posted this thread two days ago and you went full autists.I'M FUCKING PROUD TO BE INDIANYou guys all like to make Indians the punching bag here for literally no reason and its fucking stupid.
There is nothing wrong with being Indian, you just found a funny sounding word and memed it into an insult.
There are many other races besides Indians that you could make fun of.
I'm not thin skinned I'm just saying its absurd that you focus on one.
Make fun of other races besides Indian.
I'm sick of this shitTHERE IS NO PAID SHILLING BY INDIANSIT DOESNT FUCKING EXISTGET.
NEW.
FUCKING.
MATERIAL.
Hello there deepak
P O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O OP O O I N L O O>P O O I N L O O
DESIGNATED
Wow!
Very Clever!
Did you come up with that on your own??
do we really have to do this again tonight
POO
Anon... just ignore it; who cares!
Cracker, nigga, pajeet, chink, redskin, wetback... all words.
Just laugh, move on... and fucking make some damn money who FUCKKkking Caressssss
MACHINE
yo chill pajeet think of it as hazing.
one day you'll make it into the 4chan fraternity and you'll get to haze the other bitches and call them awful shit.
Welcome to /biz/>Downie Brownie
Just gonna slide this in here
Muthafucka donnnnnnnnnnnnnn't !!!
Stop it.
Stop it.
Worst b8 in a minute, pajeet
pajeet means brother, we are being affectionate, pajeet
GTFO of /biz/, moderchod
Indian people stink and they are untrustworthy.
They are weak minded and weak physically.
They shit in the street like fucking animals.
They are scammers and rapists.
They lie about everything and anything they can.
Africans are good at sport and can usually assimilate into western cultures with crime and drugs being their main pitfalls.
Asians are good at math, business and technology and pretty chill usually.
White's are obviously the best all round.
South Americans are pretty good at making coke and playing soccer.But what the fuck are Indian's good at?
Fucking nothing.
They are the worst people by a long way.
All you have to do is post your account balance in a screenshot American here.
My Indian neighbors are the only people on my street who haven't had the cops bust down the door for cooking meth (and my door lol) You guys are alright.
Please teach American how to do the head wigglewaggle
Have you ever heard of a toilet?
Have you ever considered that you don't have to live in your own excrement?
buy mooncoin sirs, or espers good coin very doslid team smart people
answer this Ramesh
OHAYO GOZAIMUSUDon't worry theres this whole interbreeding thing going on between races..You can bread with whites now shhh
 > Walks around with a chaffed ass and poo particles clenched tightly in between> White
poo in loowhy don't youpoodooo
Chan discriminates pretty equitably... stop whining
Seriously though, the stinky part is not a meme.
I was in Singapore last week and this pajeet is on the same lift as me and the smells is almost unbearable I almost throw up on spot!
Mind you this is in the morning, what the fuck kind of people smells bad in the morning!??
You're not supposed to be smelly in the morning you goddamn pajeet!
Take a fucking bath, eat a gallon of liquid soap, whatever, mI never had smelly chink, or arab or malay in the morning, only fucking Indian.It has to be their diet, or maybe their culture, idk.
but whenever I saw indian on the lift, I'd rather wait for the next one.
COOL BHAI, LUNCHTIME

It's the curry.
It seeps into literally everything: your pores, your clothes, your papers, the fucking paint on your walls.
Don't fuck with curry
<type cryptocurrency into fiverr.itsallpajeetshills.jpg
be so tired you green text backwards>>feel like a pajeet>>I am now a pajeet>>buy Ark!
Interestingly, pajeets don't shit on the streets in Singapore.
It's more of a mainland chink thing
Dude, you wipe your ass with your fucking left hand.
That is fucked up.
If you could afford proper toilet paper, you would understand which method is cleaner and better.
Now, off to the steet with you to shit on the ground with your stinky mates and then stick your fucking hand up your ass to get it all out.
You cunts aren't even good at fucken cricket!
I guess you've never been to Istanbul airport.
goes down a little
Well, even a monkey can be trained to not take a shit on the street.
Filtering "proud to be indian" now.
Better yet, just "india*"Fuck off Pajeet, no one cares about your bruised ego
My friend in school called Indians cinnamon lips..
Bidet masterrace
20 years, 20 FUCKING YEARS whenever the landline rang at home it was always some fucking Indian with a scam to pull.
20 fucking years your country has shown a concerted and utter disregard for honesty -- preying on Westerners.
Let's not forget, those scams when you call as "Microsoft" or the "National Tax Office" with the ridiculous Irish name of "Shamus O'Neal" through your thick as curry accent don't actually bait the rich Westerners.
You fucking scumbags are only getting the low hanging fruit - the rednecks, the poor people, pensioners - people who are vulnerable!
You think you're doing some Robin Hood stealing from the rich white westerners to bring back to your own country but you're not, you're just fucking over other poor people.
It's disgusting.And now you're doing the same thing here on /biz/ - trying to scam money from hapless NEETs and minimum wage-cucks (many of which are either fellow Indians, Russians or just non-western you fucking tards!)
because of your greed.
Captcha: streets
toilet paper cleaner and better>hahahaWe use water you ignorant bitch.
Water on your hand.
From the jug.
straight up - why did you let this happen to mother ganga?
I have Indian friends, they just grew up in the orient.
They all smell nice, and act normal around girls.
As for some of my officemates who are fresh off of India/Pakistan/Sri Lanka, they're unhygienic and stink - no one's telling them off.
Don't you dare muddy up our bloodlines you fucking cretin.