Press S
already recovering.
its crashing now, get the fuck out now!PnD shitcoin
it's going back, lmao
Garbage tier coin
hehe, i just bought at 0.15btc
fuck it hit my stop loss right at the bottom of that red candle, had to fucking scramble to buy it back before it up too far.
Imagine being this retarded.
It’s definitely dropping and volume is all sells.
FUCK YOU BITCOIN CASH FUCKING DIE PIECE OF SHIT I HATE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE
Fools buying in on FOMO
Yes me
why havent you gotten into the chad bitcoin yet?
why are you still carrying those heavy virgin bitcoin corecuck bags?
I dun goofed I sold almost half when the 2x was cancelled, I'm only a couple of thousand dollars ahead these few days.But lol @ core drones who actually lost money during that
>tfw too lazy to access my BCashI have 2 BTC worth but their full node client is so shit that it takes ages to sync.
wanted to do the same desu but gdax "has delay" with my btc withdrawal.
should I be thankful?
coinbase/gdax, along with other big corporate players really dont want to see BCH succeed so they are manipulating the price by blockign BTC withdrawals so people cant sell them for BCHThat's all bitcoin corecucks have, lies, censorship and fraud
when do you you buy back in ?
0.15 ?
I am NOT going to sell at a loss.
I can't take a 10 grand loss.
bitcoincash = real bitcoin
its dumping hard!reckon its worth buying into it when it hits a low again?
Just sold all of my BCH.
Cashcucks are gonna be shitting themselves when they see the price later today.
Wew lad, you're gonna end up an heroing
already sold buttcoin crash
Gonna have to hodl and wait it out for a new ATH ... buy the dip, faggot
Aaandd we're back.
Babby's first day in crypto huh
i sold it about 9 hrs ago.
should have stuck with it.
Flippening is happening m8, don't fight it.Bitcoin Cash is 10 Billion away from reaching Eth's market cap, and it did that in 1 day from 10 billion a day ago.
You think this isn't the real deal?
Fuck off shill
If BCC does overtake BTC, can't I just hold on to my alts, knowing that they will eventually be traded in BCC?
i have 0.71 ETH, should I buy BCH with it?
Electrum cash is the solution
its already starting to happen
I guess I'll hold my alts then.
If it does kill BTC, then it won't matter anyway.Will ETH Classic ever surpass ETH?
I see it's up 36%.
exchanges want to make moneyBIG BIG BIG BIG BIG BIG