Update from earlier.
I don't really know what is the true bitcoin.
I know this one has going for it a crazy guy with bitcoin.com and a shit ton of both bitcoin core and bitcoincash.
Also giving koolaid to some chinese miner.
Who also controls a shit ton of both coins.
Sure they are evil.
Whatever whatever.
I'm in this trade and who else thinks we spend another day or more in overbought territory doing some shit???
I mean this should do at least .25 But can it do a sustained .4+?inb4 all the bagholders who will want to sell out.
That is a predictable thing and in game theory they might use that for their advantage and go .6 Again I don't really know what is the one true bitcoin.
Right now I think it is both coins and they are playing some hash game manipulation 4d chess shit banking major cash.
While I fuck around with my fractions.
Anyways, just giving the update from earlier.
We broke the sparta line.
All bets are off now.Fellow annon, who and why and what is the real bitcoin?
I forgot to sneak in a weekend at bernies 2 reference too.
DamnHere is a 1m chart of the sparta line action.
The ants that are stuck in the "antnado" will usually die of exhaustion.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0HoqjxfvJ4
Jihan and Roger do not control BCH, those guys are merely promoters of BCH and the idea behind it.
BCH is a decentralized coin with five different individual development teams working for its improvement and anyone can contribute.it is not centralized like BTC is with BLOCKSTREAM CORE making all the decisions and banning and censoring people who disagree or talk about BCH.Last weekend 10S OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS, the most volume in record occurred with BCH and BTC going at war with each other.Here are the facts:> BCH is 3 months old> BCH Overthrew Ethereum to gain #2 ranking> BCH surpassed BTC's volume> BCH made every altcoin including BTC BLEEDBTC is a dinosaur with one team of people having central control to profit from it.
BCH is decentralized and everyone is a contributor.Some more facts:> It is more profitable to mine BCH than BTC> BCH is just as rare as BTC as you needed 1 BTC to get 1 BCH> BCH is much cheaper than Bitcoin> BCH is Bitcoin without segwit> BCH is the Bitcoin Gavin Andressen (lead developer of Bitcoin core entrusted by Satoshi Nakamoto) worked on back in 2010I gave up all my BTC for BCH back when it was $550 and I have profited so much ever since.
I'm hodling long term.It's only been three months since it came out.
Wait one year and see the results.
Did you read what I wrote OP?
Man I wrote this cool post and no one reads it, come on
the real bitcoin ought to be whichever one has a more stable price...Because legit currencies don't fluctuate wildly.
Legit currencies are the ones that can actually be used as a currency.Stability arises as a result of that.
Do you get paid for this shit or do you actually believe in this shitcoin?
4422199Yes.
I was eatingWe tested again sparta line.
No I truly believe in it.Check out r/btc for the developments and upgrades coming towards this coin and also the community and people getting involved to make this the best crypto.> Surpassed Ethereum> Beat BTC's volume> Made all altcoins bleed> Only 3 months old> SHITCOIN
Talk about GavenI could see a situation in the future where they are talking about.
>He is the guy Satoshi was last known to speak with>He is the guy who they handed the keys to.
>whispersThe one true bitcoin.
I also think no better time for Satoshi to come back into the limelight.
Also.
Anyone know why roger ver sent a mailbomb?
Is bitcoin cash his manifesto That is pretty powerful to have bitcoin.com and be selling only bitcoin cash by Dec.And antminers only accepting bch.
Blockstream is now controlled by the Bilderberg Group - seriously!
AXA Strategic Ventures, co-lead investor for Blockstream's $55 million financing round, is the investment arm of French insurance giant AXA Group - whose CEO Henri de Castries has been *chairman* of the Bilderberg Group since 2012.