I went all in to Bitcoin Cash at $1800 (0.28) and i want just leave this cryptocurrency shit but make first moneys back.Fuck, should i sell these shit bitcoin cash bagsI bought just for profit but then after i bought these just dumped to $1400 and i thought it will rise.. but now its $1000 and i m lostso should i now sell this pump and dump bitcoin cash and go buy another and try to make losses back?
and also >he loses money in bull marketi wonder how this was even possiblebiz, warning from a loser: do not ever buy pump and dump coins such a bitcoin cash or you be like me , loser!!!
Keep it.
Watch it, everyday, everytime you open your wallet.It will be the best reminder that you fucked up and that you should never do this again.
Do you mean i shouldn't do this cryptocurrency investing ever again?
I agree
Learn how to cut your losses and don't "hope" for the price to up.
Just sell and move ahead.
Most professional daytraders have max 33% winning trades because they immediately sell if the price action indicates losing.
But when they win they win big.
Just accept that losing is part of the game
Don't sell OP.
$1800 is well below the ATH, and despite what people here tell you, it's quite likely to surpass it's ATH at some point.
The same people gloating now about how BCH is dead were shitting themselves last weekend.
You might wanna check the pastebin whistleblower letter about insider market manipulation regarding BCH.
You only lose if you sell, don't listen to these coreshills they're scared shitless at BCH that is why you see relentless and blatant FUD they know their time is up and what we're seeing now is the last cry for BTC as it tries to reach 10k before it really tanks.
That would be good advice if it was down 15%.
Cutting his losses now would be suicidal.
i know same people were buying last weekend but not because of tech, they bought because it made money for themi tried same method but i lost so much
Dont invest while FOMO'ing.
I've been there, first purchase of crypto (ETH) near the ETH ATH and had to hold my bags during the summer.
I remember the feeling of looking at your coins worth only 50% of what you paid for it.
It's a tough but valuable lesson grasshopper.
Thank you.
Your words help me and i keep holding till it rises till a price i bought at.
It can take a month or two, but i do not sell at a loss.
Careful not to get stuck with your bags.
You may break even on BCH-USD someday, that would (probably) imply that BTC mooned further meanwhile tho, so you would have been better off just cutting your losses early and sell back to btc.
+ opportunity cost.this hodl meme is so fucking stupid, especially if you just bought in after a massive spike and declining volume..
Be patient.
Bought most og my BCH around 0.09. most expensive where 0.27.
Weak hands betrayed me at 0.17.
Made quite nice gains but could have made so much more.
Anyway now on the BTC train to 10k.
Thank you weak hands :)
why did you scribble over the addressbar?if you edit it just create a rectangle but even that would be useless since you didnt hide anything of value.
i really wonder, did you think that these scribbles would protect you against evil haxz0rs?
Don't buy at the ATH unless you're willing to hold forever.
If you don't believe in the tech, and you aren't willing to hold through the ups and downs, you need to develop a trading strategy that minimizes losses.Bitcoin is something you hold forever, so never sell for a loss.A random shitcoin is something you buy and sell fast, to minimize losses and maximize profits when it pumps.Know your strategy.