>Announcement of Znodes and all it's specs is drafted and the team wants it to be released tomorrow with infographics 11/14/2017>Znodes are on testnet already and will be open beta for the public in 2 days 11/15/2017Timezone is GMT+8Don't say I didn't warn you anons.
Currently on a dip and whales are accumulating at this priceGet in before it's too late.
Price target: beyond 0.003
It's accumulating, seriously /biz/.
Do u hate money?Continued from Additional proof here:
saw this thread earlier this morning lol and I bought in at 258kJust been watching it all afternoon and it was obvious accumulation.
Now price is above 272k!
thanks anon
I'm glad you got on.And for those of you who are not convinced.Just visit their website and watch their Youtube videos, this is the real deal.
Just like XMR was once $10, this shit will boom in the next couple of months.
Still not satisfied?
Did I mention that Teeka from PBC added it to his portfolio?
Zcoin or zencash?
Which one?
Teeka was big on zen
Zcoin.This is another one of his picks.Teeka is still bullish on ZEN, but some of the other sleepers he has in his portfolio are above, particularly Zcoin.
Zcoin has a lot of big updates coming even as early as tomorrow.
You don't want to miss out.
Whales currently pushing price down.Don't fall to their tricks.
I've been watching XZC this entire time and they're just trying to accumulate on a lower price.
Don't fall for it.
another zcash forkyawn.
they are all inferior too.
what makes this different?
Got some buy orders In the 250k range
educate yourself on what Znodes are.
They've been working on it for months now and it's ready to be released to the public.Talk to them on discord, pretty nice team honestly
Call it inferior if you want.Just copy this thread # down somewhere and come back to it in 2-3 months.If you don't do your DD yourself, why should I spoonfeed you?
announcement in 2 days-3 months get your story straight.
i am not bag holding this shit
I guess you can't read.They have an announcement tomorrow.Aka short term.Also will get in the top 20 long term.Can't lose.
Release nodes>Gets to top 20Thats not how it works
It will.Just remember this thread.You are too naive desu.
Nodes release isn't everything, but it's development behind a solid project that'll make it enter the top 20.There's a reason why Teeka said to buy up to $20