Bought bch at 1070
its going to be 10x that price in a year
BUT ITS DROPPING WHAT IF IT DROPS MORE???
SHOULD I SELL??
>You bought a Bitcoin at 85% disccount> Want to sell
sell after the flippening
Chill.
Took this screenshot about 2 minutes ago.Fuck what anyone says, the hashrate speaks for itself.
remake your money and buy EPYhttps://etherdelta.com/#EPY-ETH
They will apply a update monday and this will probably make the thing moon again, at least that was what I heard, someone correct me if I am wrong.
I would also like to confirm this.
There is a network upgrade, a.k.a.
what people call 'hard fork' on the 13th.
yes, next goal is 2k USD
Yes it will get rid of the eda mechanism that helped it survive the first weeks but its now hurting the network by having the difficulty jump all over the place
don't be a pussy, BCH is about to disrupt the entire cryptosphere.
it's about to knock bitcoin core out of #1 and take the throne.
Let it ride anon, we're going to the top
buy the news
 isn't the top.
Wu and Ver are going for the throne GOT style.
and this will probably make the thing moon again, at least that was what I heard
this idiot actually fell for the BCH meme shitcoin scam created to steal money from dumb rich NEETS and pump it back into Bitcoin.
Dont you guys get it?
All Bitcoin whales are BCH whales.
They dont lose anything by this ‘war’.
The only thing thats happening here is BCH shaking money out of weak hands and idiots in ALTS and pumping it back into Bitcoin for the next rally.
Absolute hashrate in exahashes per second
What happens if Coinbase adds BCH within by next week?
That'll bring in uber normie bucks and spike the bastard.
That's the plan, dude.
https://blog.coinbase.com/update-on-bitcoin-cash-8a67a7e8dbdf
Makes sense.
You all fell for the Bitcoin cash scam, totally manipulated so the select few get more BTC.
You'll be back soon with your pink wojaks
They're talking about enabling withdrawals you retard.
This will actually kill the price of bch
Lol you're dumb btc is gonna correct in the next couple hours and Bch will pump.
CHINK'D
tfw predicted bch price increase THANK YOU BASED JIHAN
holy crap dat rsi, shit is going to crash before it hits ath
sodl BCH at 820