I'm too scared to invest into icos like link req and mod right now because I rode their pump and now I am scared that I'll get burned if I get back into them.
What do I do?
link is shit because of high marketcap and lots of bagholders waiting to dumpreq will go to 100mil mc short term
this.
there are a LOT of fucking LINK bagholders that bought in too high, not only during the SIBOS conference, but just like, what, yesterday?
When it started going up because the btc fork was cancelled.
Retards thought that was a signal to buy, now they're bagholding and bleeding losses.
REQ hasn't mooned yet.I'm holding a good amount of my money in there.I bought the dip and simply waited it out.It helps if you don't look at blockfolio too often.
Link already had its pumpREQ is still below ICONo reason to be fearful investing in REQ.
But Link could sit there a while.
You quit being an emotional little bitch and buy into link.
All in faggot.
u calling them ICOs is enough proof u dont belong here
I don't want to be that "one of us one of us" bagholders...
I didn't get that part either lol
If you didn't get out of LINK at 50 cents, that's it, game over friends
don't risk bagholding these shitcoins, join this PnD group, work your way up the ranks, sell at the peak and you'll make it https://discord.gg/NKhHtfU
Don't listen to pajeet here If you are gonna go into link.
Just hodl.
Fucking day trading is for whales
you got 3 choiceslinkreqarkanything else and you should give up
This.
So much this.
The holy trinity of the biz.
LINK, REQ, ARK or fook off pajeet.Scared money don't make money
implying the poorfags who FOMO'd in after a 40% gain didn't panic sell immediately when it dipped>implying the amount of bagholders taking profit is going to affect the price of the coin anyway when billions of dollars worth of LINK are sitting in nodes and moving financial data around while companies are pouring in millions more after seeing the initial success of the networkthis whole board is filled with fucking morons I swear.
you faggots honestly deserve to stay poor, you do.
It's no longer an ico you idiotic fuck.
Clearly you don't know shit about dick so stick to your Facebook and call of duty memes.
well REQ is shit, so there's a reason to be fearful of buying it