I hate myself because I was a pussy and stood from the sidelines and didn’t get into the BCC pump.
Same as August.
I told myself after August I would if it happened and I didn’t.
Some anons last night were posting how they made 80k or 150k.
I’m fucking jealous and mad at myself.
Anyone know these feels?Holy fuck now we have to trade shitcoins for months to earn what we could have in a day.
How does comfy feel anyway?
>be greedy when others are fearfuldoubled my btc stack in 48 hours and am safely out.
thanks buffet!
I know this feel even tho I participated.
I told myself after the August pump that when it happens again I'll be ready.
I only made like 1 btc from this pump and I could have made WAY more if I wasn't retarded.
like way way more.
fuck me
same bro, but at least we didn't get chinkedthere are actually people from here who bought over 0.40 i bet, not sure if they're alive right now.
survivors bias
I have BCH from fork I know BCH will crash but I am too anxious to touch my cold wallet moving BTC coins to new address and then sending BCH to exchangeI will be forever cuck
Better get in on the next one.
Don't be a pussy next time
U still got time to jump on bch train
Ill help you faggots out since you literally suck.
look at the triangle forming on bittrex and how 60k+ volume was added over night.
we are gonna moon again baby watch carefully.
don't believe me check for yourself
The real question is why the hell do I have the same number of Bitcoins and Bitcoin Cash in my wallet, when I didn't even try to trade for BCC?
(I did try to trade yesterday but decided to cancel the transaction)
checked, and it might moon one more time but it's not worth the riskin t-minus 3 hours i would get the fuck outta there unless i wanted to post all my rare wojaks
That volume also includes selling.
I don’t know if there’s going to be enough buy volume to make it pump again.
I feel like anyone who looks at the chart may be reluctant to believe it’ll be able to go ATH again.
Many probably took their profits and said fuck this I’m out.
But then again what do I know.
are you retarded?
It went 4x but the most likely scenario was to buy at the top or getting out at 2x.
That happens several times a week to random shitcoins, nothing is lost
4322382Okay sure both of you could be right, but you are not factoring in that there will be no 2x fork so no 2mb upgrade so BTC is FUCKED they are going to keep increasing fees and transactions will only be slower and the unconfirmed transactions keep piling up and the fact that miners are moving.
You cant profit off a coin when the forked coin (solution to the problem) fixes the congestion better then the original meanwhile blockstream doesn't give a fuck and lets bitcoin go down the toilet.
these are things you must factor and if you don't buy when we break out this triangle you will deeply regret that decision.
roger ver already sent 25k btc to bitflinex last night
If you don't know the answer you shouldn't be in crypto.
Like seriously at least fucking read the mainstream crypto news/learn what a fork is.
Holy fuck.
Considering this is a fast board with no real generals I'm going to ask a question.My Dad's coworker opened a business against his BTC value.
He bought $10k 10 months ago.
My question is would a bank do this?
It sounds unlikely?
You would be more mad if you had kept it and didn't sell when it was still high.At least you didn't lose any money