Why is engineering school full of fuckin nerds?
All these kid do for fun is program and play League and shit.
Where are the hot bitches?
Where are the guys who wanna get rich?
It seems as if everyone is more concerned about getting straight As and getting their coveted job at Google than making millions of dollars.
What the fuck?
What do I do?
I feel the same man, feel like an outcast because I have other interests besides this nerd shit.
I don't enjoy studying I see it as a sacrifice I make for the future, I feel like the people here actually enjoy staying inside all day doing problems.
Makes me feel like the weird one when all I want to do is be in nature and play guitar or work out but I have no time to do it
because engineering is for plebs.
but keep in mind business school is a tier or two lower in the hierarchy.
Make yourself rich and hire them.
They're literally intelligent sheep lol
>Where are the hot bitches?Not here you filthy normie>Where are the guys who wanna get rich?You mean by investing in AAAAAAAAAAAcoins?
I'm an engineering student too, an athlete, into crypto, extreme sports, aviation, women and many other things.
I have an entrepreneurial mindset.
I like designing things, hate the nerd shit.
I despise nerd stuff.
I feel like an outcast.
I think the best way to deal with it is finding like minded people.
Look harder.
This might be the case in first year.
Or you go to a shitty small school.
If anything Engineering is where people into crypto would be.
/thread
yep,all the cool kids already left school for fear of snapping and slapping some nerds shit.if you find the right people you don't have to hide your power level.
Scratch that not a shitty school, but too good of a school.
If students are paying out of their ass because of the 'prestige' of getting a degree from there, you bet they will be lifeless sheep who do homework all day.
kek had me until i read the name
Not a real name lol, and not a "chad" personality either lmao
>engineer>rich kidskek, good one, you want to go to law or medicine for that
Majoring in economics or computer science is the real redpill.
Alongside a foreign language.
You are a complete retard if you thought there would be girls in engineering...you should have picked marketing, accounting or some other brainless major.
Let me help you anon, do your 4 years and come out making close to 6 figures, get on this board and tell the little bitches that couldn't afford to go to school to fuck off.
Then take your first few fat pay checks and invest in whatever flavor of the decade tech is making its rounds...it will likely still be crypto.
You might even time it to come in after the bubble.
lawYou realise 90% of lawyers earn 45k a year and work shitty hours, biggest meme ever