>waiting for email today that will tell me whether or not I got a job as an investment banker>had interview on Friday where I answered all the interview questions well, even the harder technical ones other candidates may not have known>my presentations were mostly good>asked good questions to the interviewers>only ever passed one in person interview before that and failed many more due to being an ugly autistREEEE EMAIL ME REEE
Suck my dick
Interview questions doesn't matterbeing attractive and getting in good with the interviewer is what gets jobs op
REEEEEEEEEEE just apply for autism bucks or something.
Or better get some shitty min wage jib and invest in crypto.Make sure to vote for guys who support Universal Basic Income.
I just got the outcomeI failed.
Sorry OP.
Buy LINK
How did you do on the phone interview?
I remember your shitty frog thread.
Well OP, congratulations, time to become a software tester
>ugly autistYou never had a chance to begin with OP.
Hit the gym and learn to not look like a weirdo and fake confidence, you'll ace your next interview in no time.
Buy LINKWhy you gotta be so fucking evil?
My friend isn't an investment banker.
He's a programmer that makes the algorithms investment bankers use.
He was a highschool dropout.It's more about fitting in than how smart you are even for tech jobs.
If you are that smart you should go for the tech side of banking or focus on your charisma.Also he works for Nomura and had a 6 stage interview (final stage he was flown out to New York).
Don't beat yourself up if you failed at state 2 or 3, They were never really serious about you.Just try and learn from the experience.
Also helps if you have a degree from a good uni like MIT like he had
They had an asynchronous video interview instead.Jesus, fuck life.
I've failed over 30 interview processes for graduate or intern jobs.
Fine, the first 10 were genuine sperginess but the previous 10 have been for God knows what.
The questions and presentations at this assessment centre were all softball shit, probably because they only judge on normieness.I'm waiting for an answer from an oil trader for a phone interview and i thought I did ok but who knows.I have an assessment centre with Accenture.I have an assessment centre for a sales job with Oracle.I only got my current job because they asked weird competency questions that I had somehow prepared for.
In the actual job I'm an isolated sperg who nobody talks to.
But at least I have lots of free time and almost zero work to do, which is why I am at home posting on 4chan at noon lol.Srsly, I'm never going to succeed taking the normie path.
I need to learn programming fucking yesterday.
Start lifting, if you're that actually get plastic surgery but you probably just a good haircut and a beard