Is there anything worse than being bullied by your normie coworkers?
They make me feel bad everyday.
just act all smug around them suddenlywhen they ask what's up just casually say you made some money in bitcoinwhen they ask how much just smile and say 'oh, I don't know, I'll be okay for a while'
bullied?
quit being a pussy.
It's probably a more joking environment you're supposed to fight back with some words.
This is about the saddest thing you can do.
When someone fucks with you anon confront your coworkers.
Hit them or intimidate them.
Be a fucking man.
Typing .1 instead of .01 when sending btc transactions.
You know those moments where people make fun of you-- and you laugh/smirk out of courtesy?
Stop doing that.
Ignore it.
They say it, you don't act or respond.
You act like you didn't even hear them speak.
After a few days, maybe a week or so, they'll stop and it'll go from-- "haha anon so dumb" to "hey anon, whats up?
"Or if the bullying is even worse than that, stand up for yourself-- make them feel equally bad about themselves.
Although, this can have a reverse effect where you will come off a much larger asshole out of the two.
If you don't really care, speak your mind.
If you do, be a little more careful going this route.
But, if all else fails, and you get built up with so much rage, freak out on them.
Karen makes a snide comment to you.
Tell her your most honest, gut-wrenching opinion of her.Right now they see a toy they can poke and prod with sticks, show them you ate the fucking stick and if they do it again, it'll be their arm.
Does this really work?
They make "roasts" about me where they talk about my fashion, acne, weight, etc.
Im not even that fat...You sound like you know what you're talking about can you some example scenarios
this but not in an aggressive tone.
they're fucking with you for a political purpose (i.e.
if you take their comments to heart, your self esteem goes down, you become more beta, they become more alpha).
If they say something, don't be butthurt.
Rather laugh a bit, then say something snide back; try to deframe them.
But don't get too aggressive (because it becomes obvious your self esteem got hurt, and you therefore lost the beta/alpha game).
The more you let them affect you, the more you will lose.
The more you show them they cannot affect your mentality, the more you win.
waking up early too tired, force feed and take a shit>commute in traffic, road raged by other wageslaves>a psycho boss at work waiting>co workers idiots and work place bullying common practise>meaningless meetings with psycho boss and co workersno thx


nah it's all about getting in someone's headif they're trying to fuck with you getting mad is exactly what they want
Anon, you might want to address some the issues they are roasting you about though.
A lot of times NEET types get fucked with and then they get depressed and don't break out of their bubble.First and foremost, are you leftist?
Do you lean Dem?
If so that has to stop right now.
Be sexist and racist in beliefs.
It makes you more alpha.
Next clean up your diet.
No more simple carbs.
Water, Black coffee.
Chicken breasts, Steaks, veggies, fruit.
Start lifting and doing cardio.
Wear better fashion and don't give a fuck if they give you shit for trying to be better.https://heartiste.wordpress.com/Start with this website.
it does, people are bored at work so they need to build their own world.
Bullying is just a way to pass time, you are their way of escaping boredom.You can play it a bit smarter, just do you own thing and react apathetically to anyone who tries to mess with you.
If someone is nice you talk with more energy and be nice with them.
If someone abuses your trust you simply react apathetically to them as well.If you have to close yourself off the whole company then so be it.
I've been bullied a lot lol but, I started to wise up to what diffuses their attacks.
I'm not much of a fighter, so I don't prefer to go that route.
However, I know I'm great with words so I'm better off beating them with wit than a fist.If they are roasting you, roast them back.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Roast their fashion.
And if they are honestly commenting on your weight and shit like that... roast their weight as well.
Roast their acne.
Roast every fucking flaw you find.
You think their nose is too big?
Chances are they think the same thing too.The people I work with, and don't get me wrong- I love them to death, we're pretty good friends.
As good of friends co-workers can be.
HOWEVER, the other two are closer with each other than they are me.
So, I get picked on.
And I will tell you, there were nights of being called gay and stupid, that sent me into blinding rage-- sure, I'd just smirk it off at work.
Act like it was a funny ha-ha joke.
But, I'd seethe at home.
Then I hated coming to work.
I realized that wasn't exactly healthy.
So, I started dishing it back.
I stopped taking it so personally, which is hard but... it's so much better than taking it to heart.
I try to see it as an internet chat, where you and someone else are trolling each other.
Now, the field feels fair.
We joke around.
It's back and forth.
Instead of the one-sided feeling of being singled out and judged accordingly.
And honestly, what comes from that-- is a whole hell of a lot more laughs than tears.So, if and when you dish it back to them-- if they get offended, tell them tough shit and how you feel when they do it to you.
if they laugh it off, you'll know that is just what they were looking for all along.
Someone to exchange banter with, not a meat shield to hurl insults at.
The true honesty of it anon, and it does take some time to see this and really understand it, when you listen to each word-- but the things people say to you, reveals so much more about them than it does you
You can't do this to women.
Not at corporate hellhole land.
They allowed to do anything to you as long as you're not the boss.
Every man is supposed to be a submissive pussy.The only defense to this I found is simply try to avoid them as much as possible and if you have to talk to them, make small talk about weather or some shit.
Most women in the corporate are also disgusting both body and mind.
It's not like you're missing much by not interacting with them.
Why is OP such a faggot?
4378862>hit them >lie about having money Classic healthy responses.
This is why humanity is so fucked up.
We get along by insulting each other horrendously.
And the internet over the years has only exemplified this phenomenon.
But to those who realize this: make friends.
Those who don't: make enemies.You're a fucking god, anon.
I promise you.
You've just let others people opinion of yourself silence that ungodly voice of your own opinion.
Believe in everything you tell yourself.
And absolutely none of what they do
Straight up sue their ass and the company OP.
Then put all money in ARK and never work again.
Quit being a fucking pushover.
Just tell them to quit being pricks and when they don't punch on in the mouth.
Hard.They wont fuck with you anymore.
your 'friends' are supposed to bully you>hahaha anon, whats up.
maybe if you stopped being a lil bitch you'd be at work on time
just sue them for sexual harassment and buy link
are you leftistNo definitely not.
How can I look better
When can I attack a bully?
At what point legally?
But I want the element of surprise
Getting bullied as an adult
OP let me give you some serious advice from someone who was bulled his entire life and is now on top of the social hierarchy.First of all, as many others have said, make sure you the difference between banter and them actually bullying you.
If it's just banter, either give it back to them or tell them that it makes you uncomfortable and you want them to stop.
Unless you work with absolute dickheads (which is a possibility desu) they'll most likely back off once you tell them to stop.
COMMUNICATION IS KEY - make sure you're properly expressing yourself.If they're actually bullying you, unless you're in high school DO NOT THROW A PUNCH THIS IS NOT A GOOD FUCKING IDEA - you will either A).
get your ass beat B).
Face an assault chargeC).
They stop messing with youThey're other ways to get to C (it is not worth risking A, or especially B), I would recommend standing up for yourself with your words first.
If you have any questions feel free to ask I was in a really similar situation to yours a couple years back
This
Be the bigger bullies, I guarantee it works.
Stop being a pussyYou're seriously letting normies hurt your feefees?
Bullying is a myth.Just like feelings.t.
heterosexual male
Okay give me a realistic scenario and how I should handle it pleas.
They roast me all the time and make it seem like a joke so I look like im overreacting if I respond
OP you’ve posted this thread before.
Call those fuckers out.
Whenever they say something insulting, straight up ask “Why do you always insult me?
Do you think that makes you a better employee?” They get away with it because you enable them to.
Point out their shit.If I remember correctly HR is in on this too.
Is there a higher person you can go to?
Document this shit, if nothing comes of it, threaten to go to the media.Get fired and catch a charge>need to explain to future employers that you were fired for violence and that’s why you have a record tooSpectacular plan
What the fuck is this?
Are you sure you're not in school?
Just tell em straight up to cut it, then go to your boss and tell him you get harassed.If then nothing happens you go to him again and question his authority, questioning the authority of your boss always will give a reaction.If this however does not work go to the next higherup, only mention your coworkers on a sidenote and say how your boss is letting harassment happen.Easy peasy.
If you are valuable enough they rather kick out the people that are causing problems, generally those people get kicked out because noone wants people unloading their stress in their workplace.
Hey this is a good idea though>Hey anon, [whatever they say to you]Karen, you physically repulse me and you fill up the room with pussy stink.
LeaveShe’ll never know what hit her
4380532These are good ideas do you guys have more examples?
Bump
Just start crying and then tell your boss that you are being harassed.
Bonus points for recording them doing it.
Or you know, grow the fuck up.
Being bullied by your parents!
lol you sound really gay and stupid
Just ask them: ''Why would you say such a thing"?
They don't see it coming and makes them feel bad.
A.
Tell them to stopB.
If they don't stop go to HRC.
If HR does nothing, leave and sue the companyD.
Profit
lol also act exactly like Tom Cruise while you're saying it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D7WzCDT_0sMight work.
>"Why would you say such a thing?
No no no no no, come here... what's so funny about that?
You like making less of people is that it?
Hey no no no, don't run away.
You know what?
You're a jerk.
you're a jerk.
You should be ashamed of yourself."
all those nervous as fuck security people
Why don't you punch them on the face?
I used to get bullied in school, every time I would punch a bully in the face that would be the last day they bullied me.