Why I think Power Ledger is the next pickTeeka's hints>meeting with the team at web summit 2.0https://websummit.com/attendees/featured-attendees>trading under $1Power coin was trading at etherdelta when he made the call.
It was added to coinmarketcap long after.>connections to MITThere are rumors that Nick Gogerty is partnering with them.>but she confirmed she doesnt know about pbcNo shit.
After the recent leak you dont think Teeka would tell them to keep their lips shut?
Elon Musk is going to be backing POWR, bittrex just added it, it's the pick
why does biz deny the obvious?
Guys...>powerledger.io>team>member #7And you're still arguing if POWR is the pick or not.
it is solarcoin
No shit dude.
We've been shilling it for days and you probably are just parroting the steemit article
pajeet
This.
Why I'm Postponing This Month's NewsletterBy Teeka Tiwari on November 15, 2017PrintDear Reader,It has been brought to my attention that many speculators have inflated the prices of several renewable energy projects.
Because I'm expecting extreme volatility due to these criminals who have stolen information from our previous news letters, I'm left with no choice but to postpone the November issue until the 20th and cover something completely different but equally as exciting and profitable.
Remember, my reader's best interest is always in mind, and I'm doing this with the goal of helping you, a member of Palm Beach Confidential, make the most amount of profit possible in the safest way possible.Five days from now I'll share with you an incredibly exciting project that puts us in position to capture massive value over the long term.
You’re going to change your life if you can follow this advice.Then, I’ll address some concerns about our current Confidential leaks, and how I'm going to prevent them in the future.Meanwhile, check tomorrow’s Daily.
I’ll show you another major catalyst that will send bitcoin higher.
Stay tuned…
The above post say he is not going to pick both ...lol
Fake news
You guys do know that he always says that just because he talks to someone about their project, does not mean he will have a write up...