I have around $60k to play with and am looking to invest in altcoins.
Can /biz/ tell me which altcoins have been backed by the State, major corporations, well-connected individuals, etc.?
niggercoin.
great dev team.
no premine
I wouldn’t invest in altcoins they are all shit.
If I were you I would buy $40K worth of bitcoin $15K worth of Etherum and $5K worth of bitcoin cash as a hedge against bitcoin.
better buy only bitcoin.
Hedge with more bitcoins against bitcoin drops.
confido, it's at the absolute bottom right now, solid dev team
DNT
OP here, I was already planning to invest in regular bitcoin and a little bit of ETH.
Was just curious if there were any alts that had institutional backing in some way.
To be clear, I'm just looking to hold whatever altcoin.
I'm just going to buy and forget.
True thats my personal strategy but some people don’t have the discipline to hold only bitcoin
All alts are shit for long term OP, but /biz/ is too stupid to figure that out
POWRGood long term projectGonna be PBC pick, so it's a nice 2-3x short term pump coin as well
LRC has picked up over 150 BTC in volume over the last 12 hours.
They just did a rebranding and are going to be announcing a parternship with NEO (Da Hongfei is an advisor).
They are a decentralized exchange and will be the de facto one in China (0x marketcap 100m Kyber market cap 150m LOOPRING MARKETCAP 50M)This has much room to grow and will not have to compete with western decentralized exchanges due to its participation with huge entities like ETP and NEO (which in turn represent huge financial entities in south east asia)It is a no brainer and is currently at a great place to buy because of the BTC rise and alt sink
Haven't the major ones like ETH basically just gone up in the long run?
I'm going to be sitting on these for a few years at least, if I actually buy.
which altcoins have been backed by the State, major corporations, well-connected individualsLiterally XRP.
There is NO other crypto that can match these conditions.
Im talking long term as in 5-10 years 0.00000001% of these alts will survive they have no business models to attract regular consumer.
The alts to invest in long term aren’t here yet maybe in a year or 2 but not now.
Yeah, I already saw that XRP had an agreement with Bank of America, and the Gates Foundation is involved.
Expanding:1) $100+ Million in VC funding from Google, Santander, Seagate, etc.2) 200+ employees, including former SWIFT execs3) Offices in San Francisco, New York, London, Sydney, India, Singapore and Luxembourg4) Sits on Federal Reserve Task Force5) Sits on IMF Fintech Advisory Board6) SEC Registered7) ~$15 Billion in unrealized assets8) 100+ Banks testing/implementing Ripple tech9) Confirmed real world use of XRP on 10/10/17 by Cuallix10) Partnership with AMEX announced on 11/16/17Expect a lot of flak because biz hates XRP, but it legitimately is the only alt I would consider treating as "buy and forget".
$60k can return significant gains in a few years.
gahahahahaha
Unlike a typical biz shill though, I would encourage you to do your own research and verify my claims.
I assure you if you do you will be pleasantly surprised.
buy modumeasy 3x
I was mostly hoping for answers like  to cut down on the number of things I have to research, so thanks
You're welcome.
When the SEC hammer comes down on the crypto world (which is GOING to happen with the incessant scamming in this market), XRP will almost certainly be one of the few to survive.
It's been working with the system from the beginning, rather than trying to give it the middle finger.
The thing with ripple and lummens is what is stopping banks and other financial institutions from staring their own block chains like JP Morgan.
Right now all these partnerships are to test block chain solutions, I haven’t seen any company or bank say that they are switch to ripple as the primary way they transfer funds.
Do you think bitcoin proper will survive the SEC bringing the hammer down, or will some other crypto take its place?
Buy alts if you want but 60k is a lot to invest in something that has such an uncertain future
This has been answered ad nauseum, and the answer is: Nothing is stopping them.Even Ripple acknowledges this.But good luck getting Bank Of America to accept a coin created by JP Morgan.
There has to be a neutral 3rd party for bank to bank transfers.
That's why SWIFT exists, and that's who Ripple hopes to supplant.
POWRandIOTAare your friends
Who is backing IOTA?
I have read about the Australian government and major energy companies backing POWR so I might put a little bit of money into it.
desu I think bitcoin is going to destroy itself before any government involvment.
All this forking bullshit going on is a very bad sign.
Even if BTC does prevail on the fork madness, it's transaction speed is too damn slow and it's fees are too damn high.
It will be unseated as "king", despite what the purists would have you believe.
Think of Bitcoin as the Model T of cryptos.
Revolutionary in it's time, but in all reality not a practical means of transacting now.
My thinking re: Bitcoin is that it's pretty similar to digital gold.
If I understand it correctly, can't people just use litecoin or something similar for a lot of "day-to-day" transactions, since they just came out with the atomic swap feature?
All $60k in a total stock market ETF.
At least you'll own part of something real instead of worthless shitcoins.
If bitcoin destroys itself then the entire market dies, do you think millionaires or hedge fund mangers will put their money into shit like ARK or IOTA
I already have money in stock market ETFs.
Dash, ltc, eth, btc & bch, dabble 5k in whatever you fancy
"Digital gold" is a meme promoted by the purists.
It's too damn volatile.
Just last weekend BTC fell $1,200 in like 16 hours.
Because of the forking BTC came very close to entering a chain death spiral.>https://cointelegraph.com/news/how-close-did-bitcoin-get-to-disastrous-chain-death-spiralThere's nothing preventing that from happening again.
I would not trust any longterm money to BTC.
OP Fuck everyone else and buy and hold OmiseGO.
You said that you plan to have an alt to just hold, well either OMG or REQ are going to make it in 2018, and when they make it, they'll make it with at least another 10x.
OMG plans to launch its chain mid 2018, and they already have a shit ton of backing by the Thai government, banks across SEA, and hundreds of merchants that ALREADY use the Omise payment processing gateway .
Some time in 2018, they plan to start switching merchants that use their existing payment gateway, to use the OMG blockchain in the backend.
This is a Proof of Stake coin, so all holders that decide to stake will get a small percentage of every transaction that gets verified with their tokens.
They already process billions per year, and are a very successful, continually growing company since 2013.
I know this is a meme here, but I legit believe this is going to be a rise to rival ETH's from $7 - $300.
My goal these days is to just acquire as much OMG as possible.
Just the guy who invented PoS and calls out Vitalek for being a shady skellingtonhttps://cointelegraph.com/news/time-has-come-for-blockchainless-technology-iotas-david-s%C3%B8nsteb%C3%B8
I will say one thing this thread is better than most monkey screech shilling threads
maybe monaco as it's releasing a crypto to chargecard in singapore, hk markets sometimes Q42017/Q12018
Are there any super-rich people or State institutions backing it though?
EASY, go for RDN ( raiden ) their first product are hudge and is released for end of this month.
This.
Nobody wants to acknowledge this critically fatal flaw with BTC.
Put $1k in Chancoin.
If you believe in ETH/Smart contracts I'd take a look at (ordered)LINKOMGRDNREQ