Is it safe to say at least 80% of biz is all in or mostly in on LINK
yes.
at this point, we either all make it, or all die together.
Name of that sexy mouse?
Pretty much all in.
180K Link I'm not selling until at least $10.
never bought a single link here.
Although i debate it frequently.
Thank god its not on Bittrex
Deluded Linkiesss
coughLOSERcough
link got only 13.1k holders.
its safe to say that 80% of biz is losing money in this amazing bull market by betting on shitcoins
Semen ">Altcoins" Demon
I'm amazed people held this long.
LINK will only reflect the volume of data queries, there is no reason for an institution to stack LINK.
Really there's no reason for it at all when Ari Juels is doing the heavy lifting with Town Crier.
LINK is kill
I am comfy as shit with 0 link.
I actually hope it fails because linkies are the worst posters.
Almost 50kRest holding Some Odn, OMG and ethebetHope link makes it and the rest are Some nice pocketmoneys
k all in
there is no amazing bull market.
i never bought link and never would.
99% of digital currencies have collapsed.
there is a btc bull market and a total economic collapse for all others
there is no amazing bull market.
i never bought ethereum, antshares, omisego, walton, confido, etc.
and never would.
99% of digital currencies have collapsed.
there is a btc bull market and a total economic collapse for all othersYEAH, thank god i never bought any of those damn alts when they were cheap, having too much money is awful.
i'm $120k balls deep.
down 60% so far.
not selling
money bags are really weighing you down
Bought 51k at 1800-1900ish, not all in because I am no idiot.
Also too many other good projects where you could make gains much earlier.
Link is something that you buy and don't touch 2 years.I kinda pity everybody who refreshes their balance every 5 minutes in hopes in finally took off.
Just relax, you can't lose with Link in the long run.
Just don't go all in.
% so deep in drowning
eth has gone down everyday for months.
for every eth held since june, eth holders have lost 750dollars of btc .1 bch and .1 btg.
im sure your im so smart and bought stocks in 1929 deal is great.
but im talking about the absolute documented facts.
that 99% of digital currencies have fallen almost everyday for months and months
Didn't help to find her :c
I have no Link.
Plenty of Biz didn't buy into Link.
99% of digital currencies have fallen almost everyday for months and monthsthank you captain obvious, so will bitcoin one day.
what is so hard to understand about buying low and selling high?
you think i would give a single fuck about muh free bitcuck gold if I bought like $1000 of ethereum at the fucking ico and sold at 100000% profit???
I never buy anything shilled as heavily as link
LINK was destined to moon, but biz tainted it with our loser luck.
4chan is full of people who consistently lose.
Let's be real.
We're not allowed to make it.
Losers can't win.
Think I will be selling my link and holding btc until it's $10k.
I could make back a third of my losses and then I wouldn't want to kms every second of the day
I have no link but plan to buy next month if it's not mooned by then
A lot of anons got rich off ethereum, stratis, dgb, neo, etc.
since the beggining of the year because of /biz/.
The only older coin that was shilled to oblivion and didn't moon is posw but that's because the devs suck, the idea is not totally bad
4248598hold broI went from 3btc to 0.6btc and It fucking sucksbut don't be emotional and sell low to buy highit could pay off, but I think it's riskier than just holding