Trading crypto might set your mind up for decades of gambling addiction.
A countermeasure might be to comprehend where its value comes from.Another countermeasure might be to less focus on what seems best for oneself and more to focus on what seems best for all.What do you think?
I get worse every day, i'm fucked.
I think you should join the pnd discord then make it, and let the trading to the poor wannabeshttps://discord.gg/tCXnn6e
 gambling addictionCrypto has helped me with mine.
Instead of throwing money on the dogs and horse, I do it on crypto!!!!
i can definitely see how it would create gambling tendencies/addiction.lucky for me i already suffered through, and beat gambling addiction like a decade back when i was playing poker full time (and eventually moved into other shittier games like blackjack/roulette) haven't stepped into a casino in about 8 years now.
feel pretty stable trading crypto - yea there are some uncertainties and aspects of gambling but i don't feel they have any pull over my decisions anymore.
This is a very serious concern.
Every single person who ever thinks about trading (not only crypto) should definitely make an Excel spreadsheet where they calculate their 'real' edge and see if they're either just lucky or consistently making good decisions.
This is the least you should do.
Crypto is like my nicotine patch.
I went from throwing thousands on politics (I won on both brexit and Trump) Then I started losing (French/British election) Crypto could be better or worse, since instead of flat out losing you become a bag holder which is bad if all you do is bag hold with large amouns of money but there is still the slim chance your bags can make it whilst you make better decisions elsewhere.
Not having much luck so far.
I missed ETC, ETD, BTG and BCH despite eyeing them up before they had their big pumps.
(My logic is that even if it's a scam coin, the only way is up at some point if it has bitcoin or ethereum in the coin name because of all the newbies).
Instead I bought mostly shitcoins like EBET, LINK, ENJ, ELIX (got in at start of PnD and went to sleep like a twat), ROCK, MCO and COB (most promising of the lot for me)
ETHD* my instinct told me it was the shittest of shit coins but because it had ethereum in the name it was likely to at least PnD which it did.