guys, can someone explain to me what the FUCK has happened?I went ALL in on LINK at 0.40 cents, like literally ALL in.I deleted binance, locked myself out of binance by giving my girlfriend a new random password for it and I have not been on /biz/ or 4chan since.So what in the fucking earth has happened?!
I've lost so much fucking money.You all said to invest and forget about it and not look at itAnd that's what I fucking did and look at me now
When they said don't look at it they mean't for at least another year.
Patience.
People chasing profit and team hasn't announced any big things right now.
But alot of speculation that they are working with swift behind the scenes as there was a leaked image.
Once they announce what they are doing, its going to go to saturn in a short amount of time.
Just keep hold to your moon ticket
Don't buy high and sell low.Don't put your all of your eggs in one basket.Don't get memed.
This.
Don't look at it means 3 weeksIt means sixth months minimum.
But feel free to sell now and buy something else.
I'll be post a thread that links to this one in April and ask if you have killed yourself.
Stop blaming people and take responsibility for your own investments.
You knew it was a risk.
better sell now before it goes down further
Send me your bags before you neck yourself, then see me fucking premium asian whores in 2 years.
Each nut I bust I smoothly whisper "this is for you, Anon" and is dedicated solely to you.
Patience, come back in May of 2018.
If you sell now, you deserve to be poor.Also I hope to god you’re not long term holding your link on the Binance exchange....
The problem is you're not thinking for yourself and letting anonymous strangers make your decisions for you.
Retard.
>tfw i finally started daytrading this coin and already increased my stack from 50k to 70k.the patterns are so predictable.
I went all in at about 40c too.
55k LINK.
Not much to do but wait.
The coin is good.
LINK is a long hold, wait until the network is running properly in Feb 2018, it's only 3 months away.
It's Q2 2018.
Ideally earlier they said but assume Summer.
I just moved some over to Binance because I've seen it posted a million times how predictable these swings areWhat price buy what price sell?
-20
>he fell for all the memes and link shillsF
Don't sell, OP.
HODL!You might have to hodl for months, but even shitcoins like Bitbean or obvious pumps like DGB eventually get further short lived second pumps (Bitbean got a +50% today and DGB got a smaller run after the BTC soft fork on 09/01).HODL and either set your limit sell orders to a break even price or a bit over, and set alarms to trigger when that price is being approached.
It might take 3 months, or 6 months, or a year from now but better to HODL and have to work more to make back the decrease in current savings than sell at a massive loss.
Where to hold instead?
USD values
MEW, ledger nano supports it too I believe.
literally look at the fucking chart and figure it out yourself, the ideal numbers change pretty quickly anyway.
most important thing: don't get greedy, and don't cry when you get fucked over by sudden market movements.
giving my girlfriend a new random passwordare you this retarded?
what if the shit mooned and you had millions in the account... do you trust her so much that she wouldn't run away with your money?, it sounds like a retarded move.In matters of money NEVER include friends, family, your gf or wife.
It dumped after SIBOS; people were expecting an immediate moon mission and that's not what Sergey and crew had to offer.
It's still worth it if you're willing to wait.
4361413436142743614374361444436144843615234361556436158643616194361622436165143616714361729Jesus Christ, this never even happened.
I only bought LINK a couple of days ago at 16c looooooool.Fuck, not ONE of you questioned the legitimacy of this post.
I'm getting too fucking good at LARPing.Let this be a lesson of all of you to never trust anyone on /biz/I created this for lols.
my gf would have no idea what to do if it mooned... infact she would not even know it mooned
not ONE of you questioned the legitimacy of this postWhy would anyone question the fact that someone bought Link at 40c?
Ive been scooping ETC and ARK Also getting one ETH a week O.O I'm set for 2 years as long as Crypto goes Mainstream I think we are good, I think shows like Bigbang etc are going to get the normies rushing here and pushing up the price of coins like ARK and ETC (Because they can't see investing into ETH and BTC) but ETH is the next BTC just you wait, my ETH will be $5000+ in 2 years time.
it's so easy to circumvent that problem, too bad he's retarded.>go to the webpage to replace the password with a new one>fill in a new password yourself>let your gf add her own password to it>now you need each other to access the account
i was only pretending to be retardedanon, i...
didn't see that coming
wow.
u got us good bro.
lolz indeed.
Oh snap we got pranked!!!1!!
What will we do now wow bro I didn't think you would do this to us, so disrespectful bro dude.
What happened is you believed /biz/ propaganda as fact.In other words, you got conned.
LINK is a memecoin.
It won't return to 40 cents until 2018 if that.
It's never going to $1.
lolz look at this guy.
not realizing that he got /super fucking pranked/
hahaha he really did get super pranked didn't he
oh boy oh snap bro, we got pranked super hard dude what a pranker hahaha :D :D :D
Wow looks like the OP especially rustled your jimmies.
Dude seriously are you retarded get your LINK off of binance NOW and store it on myetherwallet
43614884362144What's wrong with leaving Link on Binance?
Holy fuck, how old are you?
Probably not even 15...
>locked myself out of binance by giving my girlfriend a new random password for ita series of dumb mistakes you will do in life
Thanks for replying to every post including the first one so I didn't waste my time reading your gay thread.
Nothing.
CHinks are honest, morally sound people
Thanks
ur a fkin idiot
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!1 YOU GOT ME THERE OIK OIK OIK!!
AHAHHAHAHAHAHA11
I think the network simply going online will bring market cap to $350m.
A functional partnership in any one of those start ups like Confido, Factom, REQ would bring it to the 700-900m range.
SWIFT announcing they will be using it in the future and we are probably looking in the 7-10b range.
SWIFT actually using it would make it jump to top 3 in market cap.
Well, I bought LINK at 50c/10k sats.Now I averaged down to 32cFeels bad, man
Haha got us good man we all fell for this le ebin troll xD
Sell right now at 8.5.
Set your buy for 7k.
Thank me later.
Come back and make this post again in 2 years.
That’s the kind of resolve we LINK holders have.
sounds about right.
moon soon™
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh shit bro!
It’s like he got double pranked!
Oh man you got me
you went all in on an relatively unknown alt coin based on the advice from people on an anonymous image board.
lol think about it for a minute.
>there are linkies here that bought in at .40cHow the fuck.
It's been .20 or lower for 95% of its lifespan.
I went all in on ANS based on the advice from people on an anonymous image board.