Is there a point of being rich if you cant have THE body?Isn't it just a cope to not look like this?
His nipples are fucked up, so no need to cope
That body is attainable natty within 3 years tops, save for being disfigured or having a serious medical condition, if you have money and still look like shit, its your own damn fault
If you actually look at rich people, they do not lift.
They might do a circuit or some cardio, play golf.
Plus it only takes 45mins 3 times a week to look decent.
Diet is everything
That's bullshit
Lol that's a very attainable body you fuckin dumb nut.
go to >>>/fit/ , read the sticky, and then don't go back to that cancerous shithole.
Lol if you think this is attainable easily.
more like 5 months
There's something hilarious at the idea such a complex life form could be so self impressed that it's managed to attain a goal it would naturally have done so with no effort thousands of years ago.Why aren't you just an ape?Oh shit.You are.
% attainable in two three months tops of ss
More like two weeks
you're a fucking moron if you think humans thousands of years ago looked anything like the op picseriously, you must be a fat fucking idiot
What are you even saying, mr fedoralord?
It is dude maybe 9 months of working out regularly if u have halfway decent genes.
more like 1 week
You are a retard.
That picture is from a guy on the steroid general of /fit/.You must have some special genes to be outdoing steroid users.
Rich people can afford steroids and/or TRT
steroids ken bod.. some of us need to do shit in life rather eat each chicken breast and rice five hours a dayolder humans were twice as strong than modern ones, but probably didn't look like this non-funcional gym bunny
also shaves his chest so bf can rub his cum on it
Greek aesthetic was never a thing rightEven bummy philosophers were /fit/
eat chicken breast and rice five hours a daykeep saying this to yourself lmao, as if you can't have a nice body and be flexible with your dietstay skinnyfat pls
I've been ripped like this guy in college.
I fucked a lot of chicks too because of it.Basically all you have to do is workout twice a day.
Hit the weights in the morning and afternoon.
Take 2x your target weight in protein.
Take creatine, glutamine, nitric oxide and other supplements.
You will get these results in 4 years so start in high school.
The only reason people strive for bodies like this is for girls.
But girls don’t care about bodies.
They care about social status.
More money usually equals better status which is why chicks usually go for rich dudes.
If you’re not overweight and not like money skelly you can get any girl you want with good enough social status.
Just lol if you think girls don't count a nice body over money.That's why they marry the rich guy and fuck the Chad.
This guy comes up to your gf.
What do you honestly think she'll say?
"N-no leave me alone Chad, please i have a twink DYEL bf"?
Girls love it m8, but the most important thing for most guys is that being ripped makes you more confident, and respected by other males, which in the end boosts your social status a lot.
Unless you're a roided manlet, kek, everyone laughs at those.
girls don’t care about bodies.
They care about social status.If you want the chick to be your prostitute, that's what you will get if she only cares about money.I personally want the chick attracted to me and have real orgasms.
A girl can't be attracted to a fat fuck.
If you aren't ripped, you aren't attractive.You expect the same standards for the chick.
It's a 2 way street.
"jesus, what is wrong with that guy?
he should really get his arms checked out"
This guy is 5'4.Be honest, do you really think anyone laughs at him besides jelly fatcucks and twinks?
A girl can't be attracted to a fat fuckPlenty of attractive chicks are into fat dudes.
Just like how plenty of attractive, /fit/ guys are into short fat moles.Everyone has their types dude.
You dont want to be that big.#1 it's not the 80s anymore#2 when you're 40-50 you'll look awful.
Man tits.Instead strive for a swimmer body type.
You can sustain and maintain that body for decades.
Plus you're less likely to have knee, hip, and shoulder problems.
LITERALLY a cope.Every girl would prefer say, pic related or a fatfuck with bigger tits than her.
That OP is in all ways inferior to an ape, whilst simultaneously lacking the self awareness to be impressed by his situation.
Retarded cope LOLSo retarded and wrong hahahahahaOver*
swimmer bodylong, slender limbs?
lanky as fuck?fuck that
This.And the women you'll get from that will do what *you* want them to, rather than expecting you to dance like their own personal monkey in some stupid mating ritual designed to trigger their primitive tingles.There's a kind of special irony on people in a market forum not realising that market rules extend to sex also.
Who on earth gives a fuck what normies, male or female, care about?I'm here to get my fucking dick sucked.
That's it.
I don't care what the person sucking it thinks about it.
I care that they do a good fucking job and I want them to do it.
Like I care about my housecleaner cleaning my house when I want it cleaned rather than wondering if she's fulfilled by the fucking experience.
4372124I'm not coping I'm physical perfection.
Exactly what anyone should strive for.
Is this a joke?
You dont think anyone laughs at short ppl who are buff?
Yes, it's hilarious to see these top heavy children waddle around.have the choice of improving the only vehicle your brain will ever have>choose not toI never understood this.
If you had to choose between a brand new car that can easily hit 200 mph, instead of a shitty car than can barely do 30, you'd choose the first one.
Why would you limit your own potential?
Not every.. Like I said some chicks are into fat guys dude.
Just deal with it.>hiding his tiny little dicklmao
Speed limit is 60km/h and I have better things to do with my time than invest it in acquiring the necessary resources to acquire a car that can hit 200 for no reason other than to impress people I don't give a fuck about and regard as a waste of perfectly good oxygen.I'm not even actually saying that your health should be ignored.Merely that this is hilarious vanity and worthy of shame.
What's so bad about impressing other people though?
Better social status, respect, girls, job opportunities, etc.
I think it's just as important as strength and health.
Of course it should never become an obsession as the roidhead examples posted itt, but it's easy to seek a middle ground.
A truck towing a trailer at 60kmh is doing a lot easier than a twingo, and will last a lot longer.
Nothing is wrong with impressing other people, as long as it's legitimate to actually care whether they're impressed or not.If you disagree with this why aren't you perfecting your mad dabbing skillz or whatever the fuck it is meatsacks are obsessing over these days?So the question then really becomes what is actually impressive.
Because people that are worth impressing should know this too, and therefore simply in acquiring what is actually impressive, you will have impressed people worth impressing.My take on that is market power and knowledge, coupled with independence.
Or if you want to compress it down to a single discernible thing, awareness of everything whilst remaining yourself hidden.But the very fact we're even having this conversation is evidence enough that I care more about what you think then some half naked bathroom selfie taking moron at any rate.
So what's your take?
>being top heavy when humans evolved to range huntPic related is actual apex human form
No, you fucking dunce, they were sketched/described as being relatively /fit/ but even then, it's to a lesser degree.Further, none of Diogenes work even survived, you fucking pseudo intellectual faggot.
You bully victims always make me laugh with thinking you have to be stupid and/or "ape-like" to not be a fat fucking mess or a skinny twig.
>Hurr lee gym meatheads are so stooopid im so much smarter and im fat heheheYou understand that people with better facial symmetry have higher IQ's statistically, right?
Good looking people are smarter too, you know this?
Just because you're ugly and think you're clever... it just ain't so.
It's like you believe your own propaganda and horse shit to justify being a fucking waste of skin.
The only reason people strive for bodies like this is for girls.You have no idea what you're talking about you fucking beta male
Which means by extension there must be a tipping point between time and effort expended towards sensible health objectives to provide increased quality of life over time, and the expenditure of time in actually meeting those objectives.I posit that if you've passed the line of taking half naked bathroom selfies in a vulgar display of vanity, that line is so far in your rear view mirror you may as well just not have given up your last useless time sink habit, because you've just replaced it with something indistinguishable and managed to be self impressed about it.
HAHhahhaaaHAHA
Yes
These people grew up fatherless with no solid male role models.
They will literally never understand what you are saying.
You guys are so fucking stupid.You act like women want only Chads.Do you date only Stacys?
No, you don't.
There are countless things that make people attractive.Overall, just be confident and passionate, and you will have a great love life.
Don't be too fucking fat or skinny either.
It's a binary sort of thing...are you manly or not?
This is all that matters in terms of looks.
into, yes.
attracted to?
no, not in any direct sense.
but they might be attracted to the idea of them being attracted to themselves, which is a common female sexual narcissism thing.
Further, none of Diogenes work even survived, you fucking pseudo intellectual faggotYeah so?
I only posted a painting you dick head.>all that projection and random rageI never said anything like that so good job pegging yourself into the hole you created.
Physical perfectionbeing this delusional
Anon, do you have some health problems?
Just curious
awareness of everything whilst remaining yourself hidden.t.
Classic beta male
Degenerates will always be impressed by their primitive ancestors.That's why every crazed loser tells you to work out instead of reading a book.
I've seen pics of my dad at 30 and he had a body like that, but I know he didn't have steroids he literally lived in a bumfuck village in the Soviet Union where people couldn't get cigarettes, much less steroids.
What are you on about?
t. Fat fuck and a fucking moron You bully victims always make me laugh with thinking you have to be stupid and/or "ape-like" to not be a fat fucking mess or a skinny twig.
>Hurr lee gym meatheads are so stooopid im so much smarter and im fat heheheYou understand that people with better facial symmetry have higher IQ's statistically, right?
Good looking people are smarter too, you know this?
Just because you're ugly and think you're clever... it just ain't so.
Are plato and other philosophers who were obsessed with fitness morons?
Are you smarter than them?
I bet you think you are, don't you?
That's how silly you are It's like you believe your own propaganda and horse shit to justify being a fucking waste of skin.
I don't just do things to impress other people, I have to benefit from it.
Having a healthy, good looking, strong body is very important to me, and in my opinion it shows self respect.
It's only natural that other people are impressed by it, because we're wired (for better or worse) to be that way.
Deep down we're disgusted by weakness and sickness, and seek strong, good looking people to bond with.
It all boils down to how we're wired socially and sexually.
Ignoring this dooms you to a depressing, bland life.
That's my take on it.
lmao the ugly fat framed manlet is getting triggered
How do you explain emotional predators who are weak and pathetic to leech off people?
You understand that people living in a time with fewer pirates have a higher statistical risk of diabetes, right?
Pirates are less diabetic too, you know this?
Just because you're not a pirate and think you're better than them.. it just ain't so.
Are plato and other philosophers who were obsessed with creating a perfect pirate republic morons?
Are you smarter than them?
I bet you think you are, don't you?
That's how silly you are.It's like you believe your own propaganda and horse shit to justify being a fucking waste of skin.
Stay butthurt you projecting ugly, deformed sickening manlet.
A chick won't squirt unless she's into you.
I don't care how much money you have.
If you're ugly, she's not into you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaEfCCgQRNAAlso natural that chimps are impressed by this shit.It's still fucking retarded.
What do you mean exactly?
Betas and leechers exist in every animal species.
Human brains are just a bit more complex, there are so many levels of delusion and coping mechanisms possible, you can get some very nasty people as an effect.
Rapid expulsion of fluid from some random skanks skene's gland is your goal in life.OK.
He needs to lose some weight - you make abs in the kitchen
You have to hit the cervix to make it happen.
Hopefully you're longer than 7".
And when you shovel shit I'm sure there is some technique which allows you to claim mastery over the pursuit.But nobody cares.
you have to hit the cervix to make a girl squirtyou can make a girl squirt with a finger two inches deep.
stupid virgin.
/fit/>>>/r9k/
two inches deepThat won't cut it faggot, no matter how much anime porn you watch.Agree
and most of the work is done outside the cunt.
seriously why the fuck do you people post shit like this?
>you need a 7" dick to make a girl squirt>you need to inject roids to be attractiveIm convinced all of you are just ugly ass little dick manlets who think lifting will change the fact your genetics are dog shit and no one is attracted to you.
It almost certainly does cut it.
You know where the gspot is right?
Not at the cervix...
I'll tell you right now, my chick blows when I hit the end of the road -- the cervix.You need a long dick to make that happen.Gspot -- I don't pay attention to that.
I don't know, mate.
Sounds like he's got a point considering dykes get off without dicks.
But I digress, because WHY THE FUCK IS A LOOKISM THREAD DOING ON A BOARD ABOUT FINANCE AND STOCKS.
THE FUCKING CROSSBOARD SHITPOSTING HAS RUINED THIS PLACE.For fuck's sake mods, do your fucking jobs.
Honestly, you all should just fuck around with dumbells 2 hours per week.That's it.
2 fucking hours total per week.Your body wants to activate the noob gains.
You will gain muscle very fast.I don't even like being sore, which is why I only exercise 15-30 min a day.Yes, you can still build muscle without feeling super sore.Between dumbells and swimming, I'm healthy and bitches love me.
I'm waiting for this thread to get nuked.
Has nothing to do with /biz/.
But it's fun anyways.
maybe i do have special genes thanks anon.
lol jk man a lot of it is diet.
grow your own shit and get into boxing/ MMA then tell me that guy is ripped.
id choke his ass out most likely in 10 seconds and i weigh 150 lbs (unless he is some pro fighter or some shit lol).
Why did you post the same thing twice?
manlet cope
Hitler was an ugly manlet who was unathletic and he seemed like a smart guy with high charisma.
Not sure what you're getting at.Good one.I suppose you're right.
Might as well join the shit show.
/fa/, /fit/, /r9k/, and now fucking /biz/ are falling to the self-loathing neet hivemind that spawned from lookism.
Fucking sad, lads.
Yeah okay virgin
virginYou've mentioned that twice already.
I think you're the virgin, neckbeard.
Get laid, faggot.
learn how vaginas work before talking about them, pajeet
Hitler was a soldier in the first world war who fought at the front.
Check your facts.
Can you stop posting my picture you weird fucking Leaf?
What the fuck
It really doesn't matter as much as guys think it does lelJust be tall and not look like a fat slob or cancer survivor.
Dress and groom well.
Don't go to the gym in hopes of getting girls
this is what the soyim actually believelol stop taking girl advice from redditors dude
"just be tall".
I'm 183 cm but this is the reason why people hate women.
kys.
yes
What do you honestly think she'll say?
"N-no leave me alone Chad, please i have a twink DYEL bf"?When she learns of my connections to the Yakuza, yes.
Yes she will say that.
You don't have Hitler's intellect or charisma though.
The fact that you think Hitler didn't value physical fitness in his soldiers and in the Hitler Youth shows this quite clearly