Explain something to me.Does this board uses technical analisis and cold hard logic when trading or is just a bunch of amateurs doing retarded trades based on emotional shilling and shitposting?It's there somebody here who knows this shit or is all shitposting?
It's 85% guys in their twenties, invested in literally whatever is shilled by the time they come to /biz/ the first time.
Then they run out of capital and either hold and shill their old shit or swing and don't gain much (except in the long run, when we all gain quite a bit).There's no good evidence that technical analyis help in a market like BTC that grew 1000% (literally) in the last 12 year - except to be experienced enough to sit some phases out and don't but at ATH and sell at bottom.
12 months*
sell when it's going down, buy when it's going up... wait a sec... maybe i got that backwards, either way it's pretty straightforward.
why do you think crypto market is diferent from forex and people who know forex trading who do fine in crypto?
Most people are terrible traders and investors/biz/ is mostly people, i.e.
95% dumb money
forex has a huge barrier to entry compared to crypto exchanges, anybody with a bank account and ID can trade cryptoalso you can't do anything in forex without leveraging
People who traded before definately have an advantage.Crytpo is more like penny stocks, almost nothing conventional matters.
I work in a international 6 year old high tech startup with 320 people and working product, dedicated professional for managing software products, beyond coding and contracts with main players, and the company is quite a bit away from IPO.Chainlink is a 2 man idea with 60 million market cap.
?
>He doesn't use Category theory with Transfinite Induction on ordinals up to Epsilon-naught to compute the perfect entry point
it's all shitpost.
i come here only to find new shitcoins
Actually, just today I was thinking on how to embed combinatorical problems in a category of smooth manifolds, to crack SHA2.
I know some folks in homotopy type theory who create frameworks for quantum field theoretic transition amplitudes and if there's some thing to get (that algebraists couldn't see, since they don't properly deal with large interesting bundles except maybe to compute topological invariants), then I'd be the one capable of finding it.
That aside, I personally even "reject" the powerset axiom, so Gentzen type mind games and such concept don't have a big appeal to me.
Even if I'd like to look more into more exotic models - ones where all sets are measurable, for example.
Those topics are all physics motivated.
Interested in (dependent) type theory btw.?
I'll try and write a compiler for NEO.
Rejects powerset axiom*tips*
So my axiom of choice is provable :^)
Make an educated guess, anon.
I use spreadsheets.