What actually stops a person from buying tons of stocks at around 150$ each and just waiting for the next Apple or Bitcoin 2009 early adopters?Find a ton of new companies with a chance of going big and just invest in them.I tried this in some vidya game and got really rich.Shouldn't it work?
you need money, and what if the majority of your investments go to bags?
for every apple or bitcoin you invest in there are literally 100 other failures.if you diversify like that you just end up getting the market rate of return, its a statistical thing
wait, it doesnt make sence.
better invest all in one
In the past all the trading fees added up quickly.If you can trade for free with Robinhood or whatever then it's worth a shot.
It’s called angel investing.
It is illegal unless you have more than $1MM investable assets.
Thanks SEC.
I did that then ended up losing 80% of investment
But let's say we have a new thing, that is sure going to grow, but many companies is making it, Just invest in them all?
Only invest what you can afford to lose.
What companies are we talking about here?
what actually stops a person from having infinite starting capital and using the martingale roulete system?
Non-theoreticality.
Second stocks thread that I saw on /biz/ today.Reported for off topic
Companies making AI and Machine AI learning.Check Two Minute Papers videos if you're interested.I remember just months ago getting interested in AI and the turning point because of a video game so I searched AI news and there was barely any news.
Then Google came with their Deepmind, then the AI by Tesla defeated one of the best players at DOTA.
Most normies have no idea about these breakthroughts.There barely have been anything about it in the news but this is going to steal desk jobs way faster than factory jobs etc.
It's just that most AI company's is already owned by Google, Microsoft and Facebook so it is not easy to invest in it.
Just put one bitcoin on any brand new shitcoinWould be the same
Good coordinated PnD group if you guys want some gainshttps://discord.gg/u7kgySu
Sounds interesting!Some people say the stock market is in a bubble too.If we knew the future, we'd all be rich.I only invest what I can easily afford to lose.
it's easier just to join a PnD grouphttps://discord.gg/NKhHtfU
I'm googling "angel investing" and that term doesn't mean that