2 hours remaining until it gets underway....BTC about to decline and BCH boom.Source: TA
kek same post everynight.
GIVE UP
You know the problem with this fucking shilling is that there will be enough time in the event of a flipping for everybody on biz who isn't an entire mental retard to get in after it starts.
The onus is on cucks like you to trigger it and stop bullshitting.
I'll see you back here in a few hours.
You're on.
Nice dubs btw
What happens in 2 hours?
Have you ever read The Boy who Cries Wolf?
Whats TA?
True but if you're trying to buy the bottom now is the time.
Technical analysis aka chart reading.
To do what, make another shill thread about how a BCH moon is right around the corner?A coin can have a drastic change in value if it offers new tech.
BCH can't do that.
Know why?
Because you need devs for that and BCH doesn't have any.
The only thing you have is (essentially) BTC's code and a leader who went to prison for selling explosives.This is coming from someone who owns both and will win no matter what.
BTC tripping topping...
The proof is in the pudding.
Why you mad bro?I'm just saying BTC will go from bullish to bearish and BCH from bearish to bullish.
Who knows how long it will last...
Buy PASC if you want a pump in the next while
>ta on crypto
Keep pushing that ad hominem narrative coreblue.
Maybe eventually someone will care.
cukk+f+bull
If BTC can't break and hold 6600 in this time, I expect some decent downward movement to follow.
KEKUCK
This is coming from someone who owns both and will win no matter what.I own both too.
But winning in my book after this shit show is over is to be holding something other than BTC of BCH.
Taking down BTC will cripple the entire crypto market.
Fuck both of these camps.
>Source: TAPost it you stupid faggot pajeet.I guess you didn't eve know the difference between a floor and a ceiling.
Go back to shit on the street.
Source: TA>Doesn't post his memelines
You can do better.
1 hour remaining for btc to break and hold $6,600 or it's bust.
BCH daa is fucked, 13 blocks an hour right now.Can they get anything right?
I tried moving BCH last night and it took fucking 12 hours
Mission to mars for BCH hodlers
falsehttps://cash.coin.dance/blocks
Are there any blocks mined on the old chain?
Fuck off trying to get others to hold your shitcoin bags
Fuck both of these campsNah.
It's counterfeit Bitcoin that should be blamed here.
Everything was fine until that greedy gook Jihan started making waves.
Meanwhile these shills keep trying to ruin everything for the rest of us, because they bought at 0.40, and they're currently on suicide watch.Making counterfeit Bitcoin threads should really be a bannable offense.
While I think there are devs for BCH, I would at least call Jihan a dev despite his lack of knowledge of how to make a good coin he certainly knows how to develop a situation to make the coin be what he wants.
Not going to say for better or worse, though I think BCH is bad for crypto general seeing as it is so directly influenced by one person.What ratio of ownings do you have?
I'm 50/50 right now.What I think will be interesting is that BCH might become the next USDT with BTC.
Because as the price flows down, people move to alts, USDT was good due to staying the amount, but what if there was a BCH spike every BTC dip?
I think that would be a little dangerous considering that seems to be the desired outcome of Jihan's faggotry.
Do you have any tl;dr material you'd like to share about DCR that convinced you to shill it here?I couldn't agree more, but do you think there is anyway this war ends where they can co-exist peacefully?
Does the ASIC problem make this impossible to you?
BCHDon't you mean bCASH?
Yep I see it on the charts too.
Noob TA's or shills will curse the coin lmao.
Check back after a few days
korean maffia has had enough of btc core meddling in its affairs
I don't see how anything can end peacefully since Jihan Gook is fighting for his shitcoin to become the real Bitcoin.
It's a full out war that's going to end badly one way or the other.Outside of a new Bitcoin hardfork that counters Slopericeburner Jap's latest tactics, the best way to end this is for the kikes at the fed to start backing Bitcoin.
Good luck winning that battle Chinkslant Gook.
learn control theory before you say shit like this
shitcoin crash at 0.1844>real Bitcoin at $6670KEK.
Was this the breakout you had planned OP.Whoops.
First for BCH shilers TA meant Technical Advantage not it is Techincal (trade) Analysis.
For those with brains I have said enough.> TOP KEK> REKT> CHINKED
I've been seeing these threads for 2 days now.
"2HRS TO MOON!"
"30 MINUTES TO MOON!"
"3 MiNUTES TO MOON" "ITS MOONING"It never does.
Really?
You're actually going to use that foul word?I don't even care if you're joking.
That is never a joke and you need to fuck off right now.
Aaaand... the opposite happened.
RIP Bee Cash.
Join the party, short BCH.
TO THE GROUND!
Boomer detected
Guys GuysWhat if they know the Buy High and sell low, so they Dump and Pump?
u lieing pajeet REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
my bid is the same as it was for btcred.
there is little difference between bitcoin cash and bitcoin red except bitcoin red is faster, cheaper, and lower cost to move money than bch.
Ill buy bch at 100 sats and no more
2.5hrs later>BCH dooooowwwwwwnnnnnnnnGive it up sunshine
You said this before and BCH went down
Lol!
I found a amazing coin group.I'd took the signal before the BCH, DASH coin rised.
t.me/Dvapump <- join!
Can you explain this "TA"?
Technical Analysis
>> bch faggots be like 🡸
I will hold these bags until they're negative.