Part 1:Today I want to talk to you about why BlockMason Credit Protocol is a good investment.
There are a few points that I want to talk about that will help showcase the value in BCPT.In a short amount of time BlockMason will release their rebranded app called 'LNDR'.
This is how it works: You send a debt to a friend, they confirm, and the amount is stored securely on the blockchain platform.
BlockMason is run on the Ethereum platform, and benefits from stability, encryption, and permanent recording and tracking.
This is a next step in blockchain technology, because working with debt and credits has huge potential.
In the future you can also stake your BCPT that can generate transactions that run the dapps onto the Credit Protocol.
These transactions can be sold in the future to companies that have dapps on top of the Credit Protocol.
Part 2:The Team:There are 3 co-founders on the blockmason team, Timothy Galebach, Jared Bowie, and Michael Chin.Timothy Galebach; Co-FounderTimothy is a startup founder, technical expert, and business development specialist, with a particular focus on data-driven ventures and automated infrastructure.
He is currently the owner and founder of Almond Media Solutions, a technology consulting firm in the e-commerce and display advertising space.
Timothy graduated from Harvard University in 2007, with a degree in Computer Science, and went on to work with a variety of startups and established companies in CTO roles.
His primary focus was making large quantities of data visualizable and actionable for salespeople and internal business teams, and eliminating cost centers through aggressive optimization and automated data orchestration.Jared Bowie; Co-FounderJared Bowie has been designing systems to coordinate distributed databases and peer to peer networks for more than 10 years.
He was an early adopter of Bitcoin and invested in multiple altcoin mining operations.
He became fascinated with the power of Ethereum when he began writing programs on its blockchain and is now convinced of its power to take over the world.
Jared graduated from James Madison University with a major in philosophy.
After graduation, obsessed with the convergence of big data and display advertising, he started his first digital advertising venture.
Since then, Jared has written specialized software and proprietary algorithms to run successful multimillion dollar ad campaigns and manage remote teams based in Hong Kong, mainland China, and India.
MOOOOOOODDDSSSNOT ASIAN NOT ASIAN
Part 3:Michael Chin; Co-Founder Michael graduated from Washington University in St. Louis magna cum laude with majors in Finance and Accounting.
He has spent his entire career in the credit industry, beginning with J.P. Morgan principal mezzanine credit group in New York.
Michael then transferred to J.P. Morgans’ Debt Capital Markets and Syndicated Leveraged Finance group in Hong Kong, helping Asian issuers with investment grade, high yield debt, and syndicated loan offerings.
Then, Michael joined the Hong Kong office of Intermediate Capital Group (a FTSE 250 composite company), one of the pioneers of mezzanine debt in Europe, before helping co-found BlockMason.They also have Anthony Di Iorio (co-founder of ethereum) as advisor of Blockmason.Anthony Diiorio is a serial entrepreneur, VC, community organizer, and thought leader in the field of decentralized technologies.
Born and raised in Toronto, Diiorio is the former Chief Digital Officer of the TMX Group and Toronto Stock Exchange, founder and CEO of Decentral, a software development company focused on blockchain technologies, and founder and CEO of Jaxx, a multi-token, blockchain interface that provides a unified experience across 9 platforms and devices.
In 2013, Diiorio funded, and along with Vitalik Buterin and 3 others founded the smart contract platform Ethereum.Anthony has been investing in cryptocurrencies and blockchain companies since 2012.
In 2014, his project Ethereum raised $18 million, becoming the largest, completed crowdfunded project of its time.
The market cap of Ethereum was recently valued at $30 billion.
Over a 4-year span, Anthony’s blockchain and cryptocurrencies investments have yielded 2000x returns.
4511370Mother fucker if you're going to shill with hot ladies I need more than 700x700