That which the prophets foretold will soon come to pass.
Take heed, repent, and board the Ark.
Or suffer in the sea of red candles for all eternity.
I sold it and now I feel shit
There is still time, one or two more days.
Get in before mobile wallet release.
This coin is very jumpy and ready to spike up at a moments notice, but every time BTC goes above 7700 everyone FOMOs out of everything else even though it's obviously gonna keep bouncing off 8000 for a while
Gay pic but good thread otherwise.
grats on the purchase op.art is a good crypto currency.
WHEN IS THE MOON
You ARKies obviously didn't heARK about the confARKrence todARKy
Before December there will be a first decent rise


Fuck you imposter
After passing through the inflection point, "buy the dip" will be replaced by "sell the rip."
Will Ark survive the great Tether crash?
Bless me, Father, for I have sold at a loss.It has been 15 days since my last dip buy
blasphemous coinno gains for you sorry
Ark will survive everything.
4434828>get in before mobile walletWhat is it with you guys?
You buy a shitcoin and you just can't stop shilling it here?
It's a known fact the mobile wallet is already priced in.
ARK is an okay coin, rises above the shit flood waters where other shitcoins wallow in the piss and shit.
cant kill whats already dead
Its so hard to trust any of you faggots.
Honestly why cant we just help each other make money, instead of trying to make people buy into shit and think its funny as fuck.
Fuck i hate it.
Its even harded to trust this fucking board after being on /pol/ and /b/ years before here and know not to trust any faggot on there
I unironically bought into this.
I agree there's a lot of that shit going on though, like with LINK.
I believe in Link and ARK long term.
most biztards know that they are good investments but just fud for the lols.
Most of these guys fud because they try to swing trade and take heavy losses and need a place to vent their anger.
In plebbit these hate filled people would be downboated, but here on /biz/ we have to listen to them and some fags and new fags actually responding further fueling their mania and making them fud more when shit isn't going well for them or the way they want.>didn't get my x100 within 8months swing trading crypto, lemme go shit up /biz/ again
Ark is it.
The One.
The coin that will elevate my life to the lofty heights I always known I am destined for.
A way of living so advanced - so luxurious and secure - that the average human brain cannot even begin to imagine.
I could help them, too.
Tell them to buy Ark right now.
To be the early adopter.
To finally do something to better their pathetic life, to take a chance; to dream.
Allow them, sometime in the future, to boast amongst their mouth breathing, pea brained friends about how obvious the brilliance of Ark was.
To tell the fat, sweaty, steaming piles of garbage they refer to as friends that they knew, well before the magnificent vision, the unrivalled team and the breathtaking tech that is Ark transformed the world, how they knew it was destined for greatness.
But I won’t.
I won’t tell them.
Wont help them out.
Won’t throw them a bone.
A lifesaver.
A way out.
Why?
Because I gain nothing from that.
More importantly, I lose something.
Something big.
I lose the ability, sometime in the not too distant future, when Ark has taken hold of all the blockchains and a new generation of elites have been born, I lose the ability to call them what has become the most offensive, obscene word known to man.I lose the ability to call them a noArkie.
I've been waiting a fucking month for this fucking nigger faggot coin to break past $10.
You know what it does?
FUCKING GOES BACK TO $2.50!?
DO YOU KNOW HOW FUCKING ANNOYONG THIS SHIT IS!?!?!
?Meanwhile every other coin in it's class is $10+.
NEO and fucking LSK are both above $10.
ARK!?
NOPE!!!!!
Fucking candle ass motherfucking coin.It's not even Christmas and this nigger fagcoin wan- you know what?
It's a slantcoin.
Fucking slantcoin - zippercoin - is already Christmas themed.I missed the fucking btc recovery for this shit.
I missed the eth pump.THIS FUCKING ZIPPERCOIN BETTER BRING DADDY SOME FUCKING CHRISTMAS CHINESE NEW YEAR PRESENTS OF $10 OR I will cry.I will cry so deeply.
It'll be 2018, New year's day, everyone is pulling their profits from btc hitting 10k.
Me?
ILL STILL BE SITTING ON THIS ZIPPERCOIN THAY IS STILL AT $2.99!!!!!!!!
!Coiners be like MUH BTC GAINS and I'll be like...
I WONT BE LIKE ANYTHING CAUSE ILL STILL BE CRYING AT MY FUCKING COMPUTER ORDERING MOMMY TO MAKE ME A HOT POCKET.
FUCKING REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
LOL you stupid faggot we all hold ARK, we just FUD and shitpost for fun
If we FUD will it dip so we can buy more?
Ha ha!
Joke is on you!
I hold ARK too!
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA AHAHAHAH!