So I've been researching ways to get my gains out tax-free.I know the "move to 0 capital gain country X" scenario, but I am wondering about a new one and need advice.I heard if you make a company in a place like Republic of Seychelles or Mauritius, and just send your gains to the "company" bank account and spend it from there, then you won't have to declare taxes in the USA since you're technically not the owner of the money.
But you could still spend it from the "company" account since you own it.Of course, the fees to set it up are over $10k, but I think it'd be worth it.Any bizlets with knowledge in this area have any advice?
Also good to note that you don't need to live in these specific countries to make companies in them.
Yes.Pay the IRS the money you owe them.
It's the one organization on earth that you shouldn't fuck with.
CIA, Mossad, KGB, INS, ISIS and my mom don't even get on the list?
Damn...
Fuck the IRS if i can fuck them over without getting caught i'm damn well gonna do it
Use SALT when it goes live next month.
Seriously, look into it!
In the worst case, if crypto goes to 0, you lose 25% of your crypto worth, so likely less than U.S. tax even in this circumstance - and without the headaches calculating the tax brings.
You're way more likely to get significant gains, as you keep your cryptos.
Your mom is an organization everybody fucks with.
Pay your tax, but why dont you just cashout what you need to live the good life each month instead of pulling it all out.
I agree.
For some reason burgers are obsessed with chasing tax-evasion cases.
Just watched their video... wew so technically you don't have to experience a "taxing" event if you transfer your cryptos to Salt, while they provide a cash loan?
Because it really sucks to pay 35%+ on tax, but we all know that
.
Calculate the tax you would owe from cashing out2.
Calculate the amount of prison time you will do when caught3.
Calculate how much a year of your life is worth to you4.
Multiply the answer from #2 & 3, compare to #1