Age: 30Salary: $153k/yrOccupation: Software engineer
age: 21 (will be 22 when I start working)Salary: 110k /year + k in equity and bonusesOccupation: Software engineer at a company 4chan hatesAlso with my sign on bonus im making over $200k in my first year out of collegeinb4 larp
Cool no one cares
What's your cost of living faggot.
24 and NEET with $50 in crypto
SalaryHave fun working 80 hours a week.
Age: 32Job: sys adminPay: 200k a year
t. jealous faggot
Salary: 384K/YROccupation: Secret Agent
sameif dubs you send me your $50 to my btc address
If he's smart, he'll be like me and only work 25 hour weeks.
How important is math for a software engineer?
Can you get by if you're mediocre at best?
I'm very mediocre at math but I improved, it's like any skill you can get better at breaking down problems and solving them.You just have to be able to work on your critical thinking.
29No job40k in crypto
26sdet£23k
larp
25part time minimum wage, hourly no salaryI don't really do much of anything besides sit around
Depends on what you want to do anon.
Webapps, crud software, enterprise bullshit, etc.
youll get by with basic arithmetics.
Game related stuff, youll get by with a basic understanding of physics.
If you are just implementing stuff passed on to you, again no real math required, you'll just need to look up a couple of equations at most.
However, if you are interested in machine learning and related fields you'll need a pretty good understanding of real analysis and linear algebra to start with.
Beyond that the math can get pretty crazy, it just depends on the problem at hand.
Occupation: Student UndergradAge: 24Salary: $300 per month (source:mommy)Put half 10k of mom's saving into cryptoHas 8k left.
2k gone fuck......
I'm a 28 yr old attorney who HATES it.
I'm heavily considering quitting to learn how to code.
Is this feasible?
It's possible but you better go all-in and work your ass off catching up
Age: 28Occupation: NEET since 2010100k in crypto
Age:17Occupation: DealerEtnicity: African AmericanSalary: 170k/yearSHHHHHIIIIEEEEET
How do you even have 100k in crypto if you're a neet.
Where did you take the money
Age: 18Student1000$ in crypto.
(Poorfag)
Age: 35Salary: $0Occupation: Crypto-NEET
wagecuck
Age: 25Occupation: Software EngineerSalary: $10k/year3rd world.
Don't judge :/
Age: 32Salary: $55k USD/yrOccupation: Senior software engineerJust end it all.
mining on gpu
Age: 30Occupation: BouncerSalary: ~100k/yrLooking into going back to school, but don’t know what to do with my life.
Age: 19Occupation: Wage CuckSalary: $20,000/yr
Age: 22Salary: $0Occupation: Unemployed Chemistry Graduate, looking to neck myself
idk if that's not enough ur just greedy m8
how is this even possible dudeIn my country people thats tudy chemistry look at 50-60k€ a year right after uni
Fuck my country...$13k a year and considered a lot fuck all this shit
where do you live?Almost every job I see is a temp job that only pays a couple dollars above minimum wageI've applied to over 100 jobs and only got one interview
doing other peoples work for a percentage
I never said $100k isn’t enough.
Working nightlife security isn’t sustainable senpai.
ur wasting ur life, friendo
Age: 38Salary: what i can sell the bikes I stole forOccupation: Nigger stealing bikes and watermelon
dude create a startup.
you know chemistryYou'll make more than those min-wage jobs easily
Im from Germany and Im a software engineer as well.
No one here gets paid nowhere near that amount of salary as a software engineer wagecucker in western Europe.
Stop roleplaying.
wow good thing you said no larp or else I would have thought you were larping haha
yeah I'd rather make 50% of that than work at facebook
where are you from?
Who says he's in western Europe
Austria
South East Asia
chemisty bachelors are utter trashjust like biology you will not find jobs
I know the chemical industry is a lot bigger and more respected in Europe, It's even a lot better than in the US (I live in Canada), so wondering if you would know Would that fact that I only speak English essentially stop me from finding a job in Europe if I tried to go over seas?
I am from a German family with relatives there (although I don't know them very well), and have always been interested in exploring my heritage anyway, but cannot speak the language at all.
years old>natural gas technician>€ 48k / year
Age: 18Salary: $200k/yrOccupation: Pornstar
Age: 26Salary: $38k/yrOccupation: Data entryI have $180K in crypto right now.
Please save me Sergey.
Europoors
27>COO in family businessK salary & 15K in benefits package but I own 25% of the company and we retain almost all our earnings (company earned 1.31M in 2016)
I'm not from Germany you fucking retard, Europeans get paid dirt compared to the USHey you got it!
Facebook pays pretty damn well desuIf anyone still thinks im larping, just look up the facebook new grad package (its public knowledge)
damn, dude.
hang in there.
lol you sound like a 12 year old girl comparing the qualities of her ideal boyfriend
This is America.
42472814248987also just to clarify my sign on bonus is a one time $50k my stock package is 150k over 4 years with a 1 year cliff, and I get stock refreshers every year/6 monthsmy performance bonus is 10% of my base salary/yearI literally don't care if you don't believe me, you can google this info to verify
good luck living in the back of a van though.
I make 100k in the upper midwest so I'll actually have more disposable income than you will.
everyone here and in germany can speak english.
If you'd be able to find a job without knowing german depends on the company.
I work in a very different branche but the first job after uni for me was in an agency where the corporate language was english actually.
If you have a high quality van it's not hard.
When I was traveling after university, I lived in a Mercedes Sprinter.
Good mileage and very comfy.
Probably preferable to most motels.