Don't be fooled by the counter.
I threw around 1.8 eth straight to this pajeet without reading enough about the project due to the remainder counter.
Only now when I actually read about it did I realise it was all a ruse.
There was a guy who posted earlier without providing much details.
I wish he posted details, because now I am 1.8 ETH poorer, and I fully deserve it.I have lots of details to go through, faked LinkedIn Pages, hilarious photoshops, and other bullshit.
Just for now hold on before buying.
First
Fucked up my post, but this is a photo analysis of the picture in this article:https://news.bitcoin.com/pr-vienna-insurance-group-and-moirai-announced-partnership-to-experiment-with-the-wisdom-of-crowds/>inb4 aaaaaaaaaaaaAAAaaaa my linkies!It seemed like it was photoshopped, on closer inspection it turns out it was actually fucking photoshopped lmao.
No source from VIG that confirms a partnership either.
Next is the faked advisors:https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6327531890198736896/Pretty self explanatory.
You need a linkedin account to see this but the gist of it is that the advisors listed on the page are listed without consent.
Next, the events.Pic related is the first event they list.
They say they'll be there, yet they're not listed as a speaker.Even worse, the next event listed is platts, "a leading global energy, petrochemicals, metals and agriculture information provider, and a premier source of benchmark price references.
"What does this have to do with prediction markets?
Next, ETH received does not correlate to the ETH received at the smart contract address, it's total bullshit.
This is basically the counter on the site, fake.
Bump for my friends
My last evidence is the linkedin accounts of the hired staff.
Pic related is the account of the "Cybersecurity specialist"https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-carter-65808514a/There is no mention of his cybersecurity work on the project, only UX work.
Many other team member pages look equally as fucked up.
I'll post another picture + link after this post.
This guy apparently worked with ladbible, but he had to work with soundcloud backends?https://www.linkedin.com/in/Rob-Stockner-bb3318151/
That's all the evidence I got, it should be enough to convince you all that I'm a fucking idiot and you shouldn't follow in my footsteps.Hopefully none of you /biz/bros have bought into this pajeet scam.
The thing about this one was that it didn't even seem too good to be true, with a 5m market cap promising growth to 10m or so.If you're the pajeet who orchestrated the whole thing, well played.
You fucked up in a pretty good amount of places, but you got me through my impatience with the subtle fake price counter.