Jeezis fuck dude I'm sitting here eating my cheerios and I take a look at bitbay when I wake up and holy fuck did it jump like you said it would.
If only I would have listened to you I could have fucking bought groceries for the week, but no I got scared and now I have to fucking drink hose water and scrounge the dumpsters for left over greese traps to that I can heat up my favorite gibblers.
this is fucking ridiciulous where in the fuck is Matt LAUER WHEN YOU NEED A GOOD POACHED EGG OR TWO?
GOD DAMMIT
Thank you man.
I was the one doing the pic related threads since Bitbay was fluctuating around 0.020$ and less.
Don't worry it is just only getting started.
Some new updates this end of the year will pump it again, and the biggest pump will be in early 2018 and q2 2018 with the dynamic peg.
I'm keeping you updated because /biz/ helped me in the past so that's my way to thank it.
dont know if i can survive off hose water that long
Stay safe anon.
Maybe seek help from friends or family?
Or charity?
Crypto (and Bitbay) is as whole only getting started.
Don't worry there is still a lot of money to be made.
You can work this out.
Play it safe.
Save money as much as you can, sell what you don't need etc...and soon enough you will be back living being financially stable.
well u can always earn your bitbay!
they are always looking to recruit part or full time members!
join the slack to find out more
I thought this was a thinly veiled shill thread.
Confirmed.
lol tinfoil hat much
based bay anon pls make a tele or something we will be your disciples.
i only had 50 usd but i went all in made a cool 19 dollars.
I don't have time for that.
Just seek good projects that have good tech and make sure that they are not selling empty promises (best is having a product released).
Study the tech and the market.
Tip: In addition to Bitbay, Blocknet could become huge.
Right now it has a 110m market cap but it could become a multi billions cap considering it is the first independent decentralized exchange and inter blockchain protocol.
Also they love Bitbay and Bitbay loves them https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet/status/922714623333330944.
Maybe we will see some sort of partnerships between the two in the future as both bring ground breaking tech innovations when it comes to decentralized tech.
Anyway good ROIs incoming.
Make sure to buy low.
Wait a few days to see if the price goes down a bit.
Stellar
the guy who made the call is using cryptoinsider trip code.I'm the one that did the TA and told people to go in at 600sat .
that OP from last night got cold feet and sat out.