Im calling out all you blatant BCH shillers for the past few days.
This shitty orchestrated pump will die out soon, as all pumps do.
There is literally no fundamental reason for this rise, fuck off with your muh 8MB blocks and muh upcoming EDA adjustment hard fork.
Fuck off with your huge ass blocks with 10kb transactions, fuck off with your fast block times because literally no one uses the BCH blockchain to transact.ETH is a lot more likely to flip BTC than your useless coin will.
Hi /biz/, I'm a no-coiner and total newbie trying to get started.
I just found this https://www.coinmama.comIs it okay to buy btc from there and transfer to exchange wallets like binance and bittrex?
Luke please gohttps://youtu.be/Y3ni8-OqU20
>tfw visiting parents this weekend>tfw no internet and one bar occasionally for 3G on cell>tfw loads of bcc from 200 I can't sell because I'm here.
fucking corecuck detected.
A quick google search gives it a low rating on bittrust.com.Why not use coinbase if you can?
Its the most noob friendly.Also you might want to wait for a few weeks, BTC is on a correction right now and might drop to the high 4000 low 5000 within a month.
Buying from coinbase is not available in my country anon, so I'm looking for easier alternatives.I also missed the chance to buy at 5k4 today so I'm afraid it'll continue to go up from now on.
4319732Nice retorts, BCH fags.
166k unconfirmed transactions
Coinbase is adding BCH markets in their next update RETARD.FUCKING COREKEKS DETECTED.
Nice retort, foreskinless faggot
this will surely dip to at least 5k levels, im not sure about 4k though.
BTC since its inception always corrects to around 50% of its ATH every fee months.
What country are you from?
Localbitcoins is nice as long as you get a trusted seller.
https://vid.me/66PC1
So?
Will that alone flip BTC?
If you think Segwit and LN is inessential for scaling and you would rather get 1GB blocks then go ahead and sell all your BTC for BCH.
there is LITERALLY no fundamental reason for this rise that TRIGGERED me>BCH has .25 cent transaction times compared to $6 for BTCYou pretty much sum up SegShit double digit IQ morons -- you probably hold under $5k in bitcoin and are HODLing and praying it will hit $1mil/coin.
You've never spent Bitcoin in your life on anything because you're a dirt poor latecomer, of course transaction fees don't matter to you when you're a zero impact nonfactor pleb LMAOWhat a miserable existence mongoloids like you leadStay poor, stay stupid, and stay holding my bags thanks 
already didhttps://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800
satoshi's vision is a meme is not a meme retard
LTC, ETH and DASH have comparable fees to BCH yet they aren't pumping as much.
All three have better tech and team than BCH too.
All three have better real world usage and network.
What makes BCH superior to them?
Give them to me, I'll watch the market for you anon.
Is daytrading this suicide?
turn off you autism and sense the market sentiment
market sentiment != adoptionprice action != adoptionAs with all markets with FOMO driven rallies, in the end, the fundamentals will win.
This is temporary.No as long as you set stop losses and dont get too greedy.
The volume is insane so you can get nice profits trading between BTC and BCH.
LN is meant to be used for micropayments, not for all transactions.
Its also completely optional.
Other scaling solutions for BTC also exist aside from LN.
LN is not supposed to be the cure all for the scaling problem.Now tell me, how does BCH want to scale without SegWit and LN?
better tech According to a moron like you?
LMAO.
Your opinion is unqualified because remember, as we established, you're a below average idiot.BCH is the best tech because it is BitcoinDo you even understand the security concerns SegShit brings?
Was anyone actually able to sell BCH at 2700?
FlexTrans is the running favorite, but you've never even heard of it because you're a braindead imbecile with approximately half of the understanding you've convinced yourself you have LOLWhat a pathetic existence, I pity you
We establishedYou did, in your deluded head.How is it Bitcoin if it doesn't have the devs, the network and the real life usage BTC has?
It only has 8MB blocks which even beginner devs can implement and an EDA because it will not survive without one, if it was so confident in being the real bitcoin then it should remove its EDA and face the market.
FlextransReally?
An essentially untested implementation by a dead coin?
Honestly though, I've seen some shit these past few years regarding shills, but this is some top notch shit.
Gotta hand it to the Chinese, they put Brock's shills/bots to shame.
Still obvious tho
If BTC is the jew coin then i know which side to backprotip: its not BCH
Indeed
I daytraded it with 30% of my stack yesterday and made like +50%.
went from 9 btc to 11.
I don't think it's worth it anymore though, there are too many bagholders now.
I sold at 2400. do I count?
ETH?
source?
They made a post about it a few months ago, they are planning to support BCH withdrawal before the end of the year.
Not sure about trading though.
4321022People's BCH on Coinbase will be freed up on Jan 1st next year
This could well be a pnd.
But this one looks very different.
.000000000001 btc has been deposited into your walletEstimated transaction time: 151 hours
You could have had 100 btc, now you will probably get around 25
get in the cardrive where you have good phone receptionprofit