Every body alts mooned, why isnt mine?
Why so much evil :(
give it a little bit buddy
get into nuls asap if you want a moon coin, broyou have about an hour.
seriously.
Relax...
This one needs time.
Just accumulate for now while everyone is screaming.. "muh gains, hodl, and just'd" ^ in that order
Think DGB will moon?
This.
I cut my losses and got into nuls and havent looked back.
5 dollars is definitely incoming.Holy shit.
Praise kek
5 dingosnot gonna happen
Bro, this is not a pump & dump shit.You have the rare opportunity to own at its early stage one of the coin that will be a leader in the lending sector of the Fintech.I know you don't give a fuck about that (I don't care either about what they do and how they change the world, boring stuff, we want the ROI, right?)
it will have the moon missions.
just be patient and hold.
If you can handle a few days week of a stagnat coin before it moon, quit crypots.
*can'tAnyway they have upcoming upgrades scheduled for December but expect it to moon way earlier.
Dear fucking god the coin is already up over 200%, isn't it already too far gone for those of us who missed the moon mission?
Not at all.
It's going to a dollar in the next 48hrs.
5 end of week.
Watch it
This should be a copypasta.
Not gonna lie i'm feeling some major fomo rn and getting ready to transfer some eth over to binance BUT WHY IS THIS COIN ON MARS RIGHT NOW!??
What is it that's causing this literal who coin to travel to unknown galaxies?
% on point.no shilling necessarythis coin has potential to be a market leader in P2P lending.P2P lending is at the vanguard of fintech developments.
RNC figured out a brilliant way to distribute the risk associated with issues related to lending, the biggest being borrow default.
Their cosigner system basically distributes default risk to all lenders on the network.
so the whole network acts as a loan portfolio and your exposure as a lender is not limited to one borrower but to a pool of lenders that pay a small amount to a cosigner that hedges losses that arise from defaulters.
there's also the issue of credit scoring which they are pioneering to be based on social media profiles and metadata analysis about borrowers.
so it bypasses the archaic credit profile screening of legacy financial intermediaries which will be become obsolete in the coming decade.
this is such a beautiful technological achievement in the world of lending.
Under this model you can invest your surplus cash by lending across the platform and earn a higher yield than Certificates of Deposit or other low yielding "risk-free" fixed income securities.
This platform is a major financial dis-intermediating gateway that will surely change the way we disperse and repay consumer credit.oh need i forget to say FUCK CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!
and the banks that issue them with exorbitant fees and APRs.
oh but we get reward points to buy SouthWest tickets.
bahhhh soon the blockchain will incorporate all that shit and it'll be a beautiful self-sufficient ecosystem
can I have some of theseI'm getting JUSTed and I could only afford 650