YOU WERE WARNED ANON
I only have 30 ETH am I gonna make it?
depends on your definition of "make it"ETH is a good, long term, stable hold.
if you want fast 2x-5x gains or even 10x+, then you'll have to take major risks.
30 ETH is very respectable though.
Is that a bull flag, TA-senpai ?
eat shit faggot
damn you bitcoiners are salty.
just come to a consensus and scale your network so you can survive like ETH will.
how about I slit your bitch throat?
woah
You would have the balls to hurt a fly you pussy.You have lived your life in fear and it will stay that way.
You mad bruh?
i have 65 and i dont think that = lifestyle change by 2020. i think you need 200.
100 will give u security.i own 33k zrx, and i think i will bump it to 40k or 50k while it is low.
if ETH trully moons, zrx will go up after, and it is currently a sleeper
you don't know shit about me soyboy, I could break your neck if I wanted to.
thread lightly faggot
Bitcoin fail 2020
I would be mad too if my blockchain was an absolute shitpile.
Do you fucking mouthbreathers even understand what is fucking happening?After not even fucking flinching on the monster parity fuckup not only did this absolute tank of a fucking coin have the audacity to increase in value during the Bitcoin bcash bitchslapping contest, the sweet genius Buterin then goes and decides that his previous mocking of the chink brainlet was not enough and literally flops out and admits to being a full blown CP enthusiast to the entire world, rockets the price even fucking higher, remains unv& and keeps the jew nibbling at his nuts.While you absolute faggots are busy trying to win back your latest loss in another shitcoin slot machine ETH is muscling the fuck up.
You pray for your nigger devs to get literate and give you a drip of news on that new logo they've been promising while money skullfuck is flexing on the entire industry.
Literally unstoppable is a fucking understatement, you being literally retarded is a fucking understatement, 32 billion is a fucking understatement.
This son of a bitch is going places and a call from forty bogdanovs couldn't stop it.
Do not fucking miss, you have been warned, KYS you fucking pink wojaks.
wew
Are you the maddest person on this board?
Noooo, I sold it for .8% profits.
UP 5% SINCE POST AND GOING TO 15% FAGGOTS AHAHAHAH YOU GUYS REALLY MUST HATE FREE MONEY LOL
It's going back to 300 tomorrow.
Bitcoin is going up as well, annoying.
It has no right to be at the current price.
Literally an anomaly, about to drop back to 280 support.Maybe next year.
It has no right to be at the current price.You should put a bit more effort into your shitposts and at least give a fake reason why.
Name 2 successful high-profile smart contracts where ETH was employed.Niches in market are serviced by BTC whale, leaving no scraps for alts.Muh CP rights.
Oh I'm not going to argue that the technology for the coin is good, after that contract fuck up a few months back I don't really have any faith in it any more.
BUT it seems to be fucking bullet proof from all bad press and only keeps going up, with corporate backing.
At least short-long term it seems stupid to not hodl.