>>Work as a bank teller for Bank of America for 20 hours a week>>Study as a full time college student living in San Francisco>>get around 10k in financial (((aid))) aka loans from Uncle Sam>>gf buys me food sometimes but for the most part I'm broke as fuck every month.>>any money i save gets thrown towards my $1500 rentI've been making it so far but I have 6 months left on this lease.
Aside from sucking cocks and/or selling drugs how can i start saving money?
living in San Francisco>gf>how can i start saving money?
Go on a rice and bean diet.
Only buy the meats that are on sale (they're prob expiring soon, but you can just freeze it).Stop eating outStop buying microtransactions for your vidyaStop buying your gf stuffPirate all your books for the semester, unless you have to buy it for the code for teh online hw portionWOrk morehours Move out of sf
I live in SF too, lets be broke together brother
My gf is a traditional conservative so i don't have to spend money on bar shit i just bring her weed.
Current plan is to get certifications like A+ and Network+ paid for by BoA.
I used to work at Best Buy and contemplate leaving BoA for Apple but only if I can get a Apple Retard Bar position.
Go on a rice and bean diet.
Only buy the meats that are on sale (they're prob expiring soon, but you can just freeze it).>>Yep I hit up Luckys for Canned food all the time, i cook the most delicious pasta sauce you'll ever taste.Stop eating out>>I know, it's a waste unless its a date nightStop buying microtransactions for your vidya>>i uninstalled windows and lost the key to reinstall.
Posting from QueerbuntuStop buying your gf stuff>>I only buy her gifts for holidaysPirate all your books for the semester, unless you have to buy it for the code for teh online hw portion>>I do but some books at colleges are obscure because they want people to pay for textbooks.
Teachers are opening old warehouses and using 30 year old 2nd Editions of Computer Science books and shit, the loopholes these cocksuckers jump through man.WOrk morehours>>Unfotunately School takes up 8AM to 12PM MTWTF and work 1PM to 5:30 PM MTWTF, I also work saturdays.Move out of sf>>West Oakland is the dream spot, lots of low rent and niggers that want to rob me also.
Commute to SFSU is long unless I have a car.
where do you work?
i can get you a job at BoA
Bruh.
Was just in SF the other day and that bridge at night - oh boi.Anyways, wagecucking in good old oakland area.
I feel your pain.
Good you got a gf to help with the bills though, that's smart.
I think you're doing the best you can.
Only thing you can do is work more or maybe get a roommate and move to a different branch in another area.
But I'm sure the college work load is enough itself.
It's a shame I can't give you the magic answer, all I can say is do not drop college.
Make sure to see college through.
It isn't worth dropping even for a basket weaving degree - it's something.
Hold up.
If you want to get into networking, I got some certs that you'd be better off getting.
These ones are ones employers are looking for:A+Ccna or at least ccentcisspCissp will get recruiters to look at your resume.
Others will entice it.Hope that helps you.
traditional conservative>smokes weedmaybe stop being a degenerate, you faggot>inb4 weed is better than alcohol weed isn't degenerate weed helps me relaxyou're no better than a nigger
are you a straight edge cuck?