HOLY FUCKING SHIT IT'S GOING TO BREAK ATH AGAIN!
WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T I LISTEN AND GET IN AT 0.15 YESTERDAYAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
IT JUST BROKE 0.22 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
THE BIG FISH IS GOING BELLY UP, ITS ACTUALLY FUCKING HAPPENING
i collectively lost $5k on this shitcoin so farim not buying into it now
idiots, look at the exchanges with top volumeKRWKRWKRWi'm not saying its not worth riding the wave, theres tons of money to make off of this BTC vs BCH "war"but be careful because once this pump dies down it is going to get slammed hard
How?
Buy high sell low obviously
weak hands probably
4303479Sorry, I'm no falling for this P&D
Higher volume last 24 hors than BTCP&DThe absolute coping
Confirmed P&D actually, but who cares newbies will fall anyways
god damn, just look into it for like 5 secondsbithumb fees : 0.15%
It's going to crash hard
China is next to Korea.Chinese banned exchanges.
You can put the two together.
ATH was 0.4 you fucking retard
So bitcoin is always at an all time high of 1.0?
Newfag here.
Bought BCH cheap and got a bitcoin core wallet.
Used the receiving code and now although I technically gained money I have none since it doesn't show in the wallet as it only shows BTC.
I just want off of this ride and my money back
im sorry sweetie...
If you control the wallet seed you can attempt to recover it in a compatible BCH wallet.
It's the chinese, SK is a proxy for chinese traders now.
This is normal.
So i've got a question/thoughtWhen bitcoin cash was created it forked from bitcoin, which means that with every significant amount of btc in existence, there exists bch.With that in mind, would it not make sense that the most likely scenario is for the two to meet in the middle, price-wise?
Jesus fuck I’m selling my bitcoin core holdings... idk why I held this shit coin in the first place.
I’m all in bitcoin cash now
no
why would you put an altcoin into bitcoin core walletlmao
Bought bch>Transfered it into a btc walletGo back to college for your psychology major anon.
Only autismo 130iq+ allowed here.
>people still falling for chink trickeryKnow when to take profits and dont become bag holders, kthnx
It's what was recommended on some site I looked at for BCH wallets
kekd.
this is a nice larp
Bitcoin is measured in fiat you absolute fucking retard.Cashies are literally mentally handicapped
download electron cashimport the core wallet seedprofit
Wish it was desu.
Taught me a lesson not to dabble in stuff like this desu.
I have the wallet.dat file and all that junk but I don't think I can recover it.
Essentially just burned money.
Pretty RIP
must be larping, if you know what a bitcoin core wallet then you know what you did wrong
Well go on do your shilling maybe there are more normies to be tricked, you will burn people just for a little more gains...
Electron Cash is a phishing attempt.Enter your private key and you lose EVERYTHING
Okay so I've got my Private Key but it's not going into Electron properly.
If someone can help me get my shit back I'll throw them like £50 or something