SUB just tweeted this.
Only way to get 50k for a reasonable price is now...That's like 6 weeks of accumulation
Yesss, perfect timing SUB team!
Go go go
Oh shit tweet deleted?!?
Weren't meant to leak it maybe?
Oh shit marketing pulled the trigger too early!
>tfw 51k
4536244>Shill
45361664536244POO IN LOO
4536202Samefag shill with identical typing styles and a (fake) pulled tweet.
This coin doesn't need this
Looks legit
BITBEAN STAKING CONFIRMED BUY NOW WE HEADING TO $10000000 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Bitbean is a pump n dump
BITB is the pump n dump heaven.
dont even go there
Nice.
Comfy hold for me as well.
Looks legitHey there 93k bro its me 15k broa gain.First I'm sad I didn't converted more than 20% of my coins into SUB before We started to climb :(But boy we are getting some traction way before i predicted, look at all this fomo and fud pajetis starting to do they thing around our coin.
ya.
market depth looking promising as well.
hope we see a breakout today.pic related is fake tho... OP is a faggit.
Fucking moon boys Im so happy Im got early on thisPajeets are gonna make us rich afHODL!!!!!
I doubted the product at first but then I overheard Justin discussing the alpha test with a participant and knew all FUD is bullshitNew site comes next week fact and theyve been working on it for months so that its easy for normies to adoptEnd of December we will be $1
$1doubtful, but $0.4 is reachable before 2018
Shill me this coin, anon.
What does this coin do?
Substratum will have quite a few components.
The main one is decentralized web-hosting, which means instead of mining for the coin, you're letting people use your computer as a website host by using a one-click app that you can download to your phone/desktop/notebook.>Why is this big?
It means it will be impossible for your site to be taken down by anyone (bye bye DMCAs).
It means it will be impossible for your site to be censored by China, Iran or any other shithole.
It means that if you build an app using the Substratum network it won't be able to be banned by countries like Brazil did with WhatsApp a few times.
It also means net neutrality will NOT be a problem for sites hosted on the SUB Network.>How does this bring value to the SUB coin?People who lend their computers as webhosts will be paid in SUB and people who want to have their content hosted on the network must pay in SUB.
The Substratum website will also have an option to buy SUB for you from exchanges automatically (so normies don't have to go to exchanges), which will drive volume for the token up because normies will be buying SUB without even knowing what crypto is.>That's all?No, there's also a second component called CryptoPay, which will allow ANY site that runs on the Substratum Network to process cryptocurrency transactions using any publicly-traded coin.>Why is this huge?Basically PayPal for crypto where you can use any cryptocurrency.
Also easy to implement for people who want to use it.>That's all?No, they're also planning a video component, something akin to YouTube but not much details on that yet.>Wew.
That seems pretty ambitious.
Can they handle it?Yes.
Team is very experienced, with vets that have worked with Apple, American Express, Kodak, Disney, hp, Cardinal Health, NBA and more.>Why hasn't it mooned yet?Beta starts in December.
v1 is out in January.
Oh yeah nobody's talking about CryptoPay either.
That's gonna be fucking huge too when they deliver it mid 2018 on top of a popular network
green ID>trips>pic relatedSUB moon confirmed.
with 400 will I make it?
scam coin
probably not, even if it went up to 100USD (very unlikely) you'd only have 40k USD and that's not making it in any way remotely.1USD is pretty much guaranteed, 5USD is likely, and anything over 10USD i'd say is very unlikely unless it gets a really strong adoption once v1 comes out.currently at .22 centsgo away pajeet.