rate my portfolio.
started march this year.
$23k im mow down to 16k.
:( i now ajusted my strategy.
what do you think?
Overdiversified
/threadmost projects will fail
Why not just have the top 10 coins or so with weigth on ETH, BTC and LTC/XMR ?
imagine having wallet for each crypto
where can i trade ltc/xmr pair my friend?
there is no reason to hold most of these long term.
Like why the fuck would you hold doge or potcoin or digibyte?
You have so many alts and you dont even have some of the most promising ones (iota, ark, link, bat etc.)
iota>promisingdeluded
I mean LTC or XMR.
Like 40% BTC , 40% ETH 10% LTC or XMR or DASH then 10% for alts you trade with
Overdiversified and holds low percentages of the most solid long-term hodls, while having higher percentages of speculative projects.
This is how not to invest, unfortunately.
im very sceptic towards iota too long term.
1/10I'm currently holding only 2 different alts and I have 90k USD(started with 1500 in feb).
Diversification is a meme under 2mil
Way too diversified.
I fell for the meme too and currently cutting back to a few main holds (BTS, BTC, DBIX) and intend to sell off my remaining smaller holds (ARN, WAVES) within the week - splitting the proceeds 50/50 into the mainholds and ETH to have on standby for any moon mission/quick flip opportunities.
4469803Fair, IOTA has its genuine criticisms but there is no reason to hold doge or digibyte over iota.
Those coins will never ever ever moon.
They are only useful for flipping
You stole this from Reddit didn't you.
Or are you that dumbass OP?You're an idiot if you're holding more than coins.
Unless you have a fuck ton of capital - and even then half of those are complete shit.Kys and give me your $20k bc you obviously don't know what you're doing.
wow impressive my fellow anon!
holy shit how did you lose money when you invested in march??????
That is almost impossible.
You should be up like 20x at least by simply doing nothing.
Its all about quality not quantity.
Crypto isnt pokemon where you try to collect them all.
>holding alts
4469803>being skeptical of the inventor of PoS's own project topkek.
you guys are going to miss the boathttps://twitter.com/c___f___b/status/932561535322468352scroll up to see vitalik get rekt
he fell for the diversify memeop.
pick ONE undervalued coin and go all in.
make 3-5x gains and repeat until you have +300k$
 repeat until you have +300k$what then?
I shouldnt be the one giving advice.
Im all in, in a gaming company, down 30%.
But my perspective is 6 more months, so if it isnt up by then, Im out.
Good company tho.My wife on the other hand is up by 5% by doing fond.Still, I feel you are overdiversified.
Just pull out everything and put it in bitcoin.
Now might be bad time to buy as it will drop soon.
But wait 3 more months and it will be way past what you bought it for.
uff that sounds risky.
i dont know if i have the balls.
DBIXYou do realise this is a literal PnD coin with hidden wallets right?
go big or go home in this game.
all that diversifying kills your gains long term
>put 50% on say two or max three GOOD investments.
Like ETH and NEO/RIPPLE% on mid term good gainers% on moon missions% on day trading or "gambling" MAX
jesus, i've started a week ago and even i know better than to buy every shtcoin i see.i have 1k$ and will split it between RLC, MOD and XMR.
rate.
pick two coins 75/25the point is to make you pick quality over losing money to pump and dumps and fees
terrible
should've gone all on link instead?
these are the few coins that hardly get criticized or hyped up here.
what exchange can you trade neo/ripple pair?
1% Bitcoin% factomHolyshit I hope you are trolling.
this guy knows how to play the alt rouletteAlso remember, when/if you do the 40-100% gainDO NOT FUCKING RE ENTER JUST WALK AWAY
should've gone all on link instead?topkek, hell nobtc iota that's itthink beyond memes and imageboardslook what's going on in the world at large, not just crypto
when will you learn?
just buy bitcoin and hold
there is such thing as too diversified - IMO bitcoin should be at least 25%, top 10 coins (LTC, XMR, ZEC, ETH) shuold be another 25-35% and rest should be your alt plays with a few moonshots
i value the M2 Feature of factom very promising.
look what's going on in the world at large, not just cryptoall my picks are practical blockchain applications in real world though, except for Monroe, but that's drug money, always a good investment.
Explain what you mean.
Hidden wallet?
holy fuck, is that u r portfolio, in first look I thought first page of cmc in big circle.
monroelol i meant monero, i need to go to bed already.
>diversification meme Lmao
then you're good to go if they capture marketshare
what do you mean by real world though?
MOD>modum.io combines IoT sensors with blockchain technology to provide data integrity for transactions of physical products, streamlining supply chain processes in many sectors.RLC>Blockchain-Based Decentralized Cloud Computing>Building the first marketplace for Cloud resources.
great concept will buy!!!
what are associated coins?
These aren't stocks.
Diversification doesn't lower risk because 90% of alt coins are failures.
Pick 3.
Pay very close attention to what they do.
Be ready to dump at any second.
If you're going to buy and hold something, get into btc(more than 1%).
How have you been in since march and lost money...
OP you really need to bring back the list to 5 coins max.
And I think that even that is considered a lot by most people here.
sell everything for bitcoinor risk losing it all
stellar and link.
Sell zcash e buy zencash faggot
3% litecoin
Shhhhhh don’t tell them I rely on their wojaks for entertainment
I cannot believe you have higher percentage of fucking dogecoin than ethereum
well if you're an investor, speculator, or hodler.....sorry, but you're retardedif you're a day trader, however...... 10/10
jeez i just realized that is not the same thing!
thx.
:/
all in on XMR buddy
i consider myself a very conservative swing trader.