Hi anon, total financial illiterate here.I've been working for a while and I have saved around €13.000 by now, so I'm starting to think that maybe I should not keep it in the bank losing value every year.What would you recommend to do with that?
I'm not greedy, don't need very high rentability, and I'm a very calm person, I wouldn't want to be stressed out if I see my shares go down someday.Keep in mind that I'm a financial retard, and would be very happy doing nothing with the money, but I don't want to be THAT stupid.Thx
don't trust these bag holders
Buy Confido, it will moon soon!
These are almost in your price range and will, at a minimum, double your initial investment.
Something like vanguard for most of it I'd say.
You could buy both BTC and BCH.
One of them is guaranteed to go up.ETH and XMR can both be considered solid investments.LINK can also be obtained at rock bottom prices.
ARK is also interesting and highly speculative.Avoid Bitconnect and IOTA.
Is there a "crypto for dummies" book or anything?
Is it easy to buy Bitcoin?
BCH is also bitcoin?What do you do if you want to convert it back to cash?
Are there a lot of taxes for that?What can you buy with bitcoins that is not illegal?I'm a real n00b about this.
I heard about Bitcoin in 2010 and if i had invested back then I'd be a millionaire?let me know if my low knowledge is annoying
Yep, buy ETFs.
If you’re in it for the real long term (20yrs+), put most into Emerging Market ETFs; otherwise, stick with EU/US/JP.The tl;dr on why you should buy ETFs:Betting on single companies is always risky, as any single company might fail due to "random" events.
Hence, you just buy shares of a large number of companies (through an ETF), giving you more or less the exact performance of an underlying "index", e.g.
the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 will never go to 0 unless America gets nuked.Also, since shares of companies are backed by something tangible (the company’s assets, e.g.
all the machinery it owns etc.
), their value is "guaranteed" to rise at least proportionally with the general inflation level, all other things being equal.If you’re from Germany by any chance (since you’re talking €€), read Gerd Kommer’s "Souverän investieren mit Indexfonds und ETFs" if you want a deeper understanding of the matter.
It’s relatively easy to buy Bitcoin by now.
Just google it for your country.If you want to safe yourself the hassle of getting into the whole crypto matter, putting 1-2k into Bitcoin and not touching this for a few years is probably an alright idea.The problem generally is that stuff might crash at any moment, and lately you have this BTC vs. BCH battle on top, all of which makes it rather hard to predict to short-mid term development.
All you can see from history is that BTC has survived lots of crisis + risen in value, hence it seems reasonable to expect it will go on like this in the long term.If you want to buy a couple more cryptocurrencies, I’d recommend sticking with those specifically designed as store of value (low or no inflation, and generated by PoW), as opposed to tech tokens or ICO-issued car wash tokens.Theoretically they’re all saving you from general inflation, though you face the problem that they might be abandoned or banned at any time, or just drop 80% because crypto is volatile.
Ignore everything else and Just buy ethereum.It’s obviously going to overtake btc quite soon and sooner or later the whole planet will run on ETH.
Holy fuck panel 4 is comfy.
Can't wait til I have a footrest chair.
4520945Thanks for this.
I like the part of investing 1-2k and not touching it for years.Would it be wise to invest 2k in BTC or BCH and 2k in ETH?
Yeah, if you're a cryptonoob just invest in the biggest coins: BTC, ETH, XMR, etc.If you really want to play it safe buy ETFs.
Do you think Coinbase is a good place to buy 4k of BTC and ETH for a cryptonoob at long-term?
I personally don’t think ETH’s high valuation is justified -- it is NOT meant to be a store of value or even general purpose currency.
Devs see it as a token to pay for processing on ETH blockchain.
They might change monetary policy down the road and introduce 3-5% inflation to keep the network usable etc.
(there already is indefinite supply inflation for ETH, this is just a question of tweaking numbers), also the overcomplicated EVM smart contract engine keeps leading to disasters and it might only be a matter of time until it completely blows up.I mean, I’m not denying that ETH tech generally might be kinda cool and useful -- but this has nothing to do with the token value.
(Oh and also all the ICO-funded project will start collapsing at some point, be forced to sell of the ETH they got funded with, driving down the price, leading to other ICO projects getting into financial trouble… and so on.
If there is but one bubble in crypto, that’s all the absolute shit ICOs run on the ETH chain.
)As for BTC and BCH: I guess there’s an argument for only one of both surviving in the mid-term.
So either you pick a side, potentially lose 100%, buy both, lose 50%, or just wait until the thing has played out.There’s a lot of stuff to be considered for this and I don’t want this thread to derail into another "BTC vs BCH" shillfest.
Do your own research.
jewbaseIs there any other choice?
If you want to hold long-term, transfer from wherever you buy to a wallet that only you have the private key of.Any web service holding Bitcoin for you might get hacked down the line and you’ll lose your money needlessly.
Ok and how does one do that?
Buy a hardware wallet is best security.
Plenty of guides out there, just google setting up BTC/ETH wallet on your PC.As the other guy said, hardware wallets offer even better security and you should definitely get one if you are kinda computer noob and tend to catch viruses on the internet.Of course you can always just do a cold/paper wallet (google this), where you don’t hold anything on your HDD after the initial setup, but rather write down a number of words on a piece of paper which can restore your private key at any time.
You need to make sure to not lose that paper, though, obviously.