
saved.Thats a good house goal, my personal sex goal is something like this.
thoaz
I just want to live in a nice suburb or mansion in Maine and not have to workthat's it

I made a successful indie game that I am currently working with an ibanker to sell for upwards of 10million.
I own 70% of the company.
Once employees get their bonuses and taxes are paid im expecting to have around 5mil liquid.
Gonna put at least a million into cryptos.
As of right now I have about 130k initial investment into cryptos but I just started in September.End goal is to make enough to be able to live a high class lifestyle without ever having to work again.
Probably need to turn that 1mil into at least 10 mil to be close to that.
buy bitcoin
i want this to happen to me, but in the context that it would not faze me and i would just buy a new one
Which game?How much capital did you build the company with?
Ill never stop, never
Don't want to say who I am on 4chan but it's a pretty popular Steam multiplayer indie game.
Programmed the alpha myself over 2 year period and then took it to kickstarter.
No outside investment and no real money other than what I saved working my 9-5 programming job.
excellent
Too many people, they ruin the view with their boats and houses.
Nice m80 live the dream
that's already 200k+ a year.
why would you gamble a portion of that on crypto?
It is never enough
mil isnt enough to retire as i am still in my 20sif i lose a mil that will suck but having 4mil vs 5mil isnt a big difference, but if i can turn that 1mil into another 10mil itll make a big difference
k a year isn't enough to retire?
1mil can generate enough passive income to pay someone to suck your dick for life.
Buying kneepads was just a meme anon lol
Yeah I suppose 5mil with the general stock markets 7% is around 350k a year.
I would have to live a pretty standard lifestyle though and that would be boring :)
~5% after inflation and taxes.
but I guess that doesn't matter if putting your livelihood at risk is what you consider exiting.
Well done.
I wish I didn't break my back so I could have finished games design and programming.
I mean I could still go back and do it, but I would have to start the course over now.