it's gonna recover righti didn't waste all of my money right
>Buying NEO at 50 is the same as buying ETH at 400
Ongoing news for nearly one week.
Sell and cry
yes, it will.
nope sorry biz bro, we all fell for the Pajeet lies.
I exited at .0042/.0044 thankfully after buying in at .0035 but had the opportunity to sell higher and held like a moron, sucks but lesson learned.
I'm guessing it's going sub $30 because the news wasn't what people wanted.. Long term it's probably good though
just wait a few monthsI dont know why do you faggots think you will become crypto millionaire overnight
Stop fucking going all in, pajeets.
You'll be a lot more comfy.
Also stop buying the pump.
we aren't looking to be crypto millionaires you moron, we knew NEO wasn't going to 1,000 overnight but for it to get to 70+ wasn't out of the picture yesterday.
I moved money into BTC and ETH this morning upon seeing Malcoms tweet, I already made 1/2 of what I could have made back if sold at the peak
Buy the rumor sell the news, I managed to sell at a small profit but my greed cost me 20% of my gains
if you exit and park in BTC, you'll be able to buy back 30% more NEO tomorrow after the large correction to 30/32 possibly 23/22
just hold out till BTC is done.It will pop back upbuy the dip
news hasnt come out yet
what news?!
it hasn't been released yet!
on it's way back down, 7950 already
well I bought at ATH yesterday and I just put up a sell order 5 minutes ago so Ive already wasted my moneygoddamn fuck you biz I'm never falling for pajeet memes again
It's not unless we're going to experience a huge pump.
TA shows that it's going to fall down with a thud.
4448775CEO said it wasn't about the Chinese gov, which is what everyone was hoping for

NON GOVERNMENT RELATED NEWSprice will dump tomorrowit gives me no pleasure to say that btw
MOMMY CALL THE COPS IM BEING FUCKING ROBBED
the only good news is government backingUse your fucking brain m8
wtf are you saying m8
Potential for gov backing was 100% what was driving the pump.
News might be good enough to pump again, but not to $50.
Nope
how low will we go?
you're mentally unstable if you keep holding until the massive dump tonight when more people drop their bags because of the "sell the news" bullshit.
just fucking sell your NEO now and cut your losses.
you'll probably make some gains holding BTC because it's on a bullrun right now to 8500.
Just stake NEO and receive gas, keep selling GAS untill NEO recovers.
Sell NEO on break-even or profit.
OR this is gonna shock you butsell now and buy back later when it's lower?
that way you'll have a bigger stack to accumulate GAS.
it's not that hard, bros.
This.They said its not going to be all the things people are trying to hype.
Its about NEOs progress and them being clear about that progress with the holders.While thats good that they do that, NEO shouldnt be pumped about 32 right now by any means and its already starting to dump.
Time to get off the coaster was yesterday.
Next best time is now.Worst time is tomorrow when the dump hits its worst levels from the "sell the news" people
I'm guessing sub $30, but I'm a newfig to /biz/
Im thinking sub-30 if the news is bad, around 32 max if the news isnt awful.
4449783my guess is it goes down to the price before the "big news in 3 days" hype/fomo started.
so around $27-28.
when they release the news tomorrow it might go up a bit to 30-35 but who knows at this point.
Idk about 35, but if the news is good it might get back to 32.Either way its going to keep dumping past where it is now lol
https://twitter.com/NEOnewstoday/status/932331128035401730
if you don't think it'll drop to $27-28, just wait until tonight when more people dump.
they've been waiting to dump since the start of the pre-announced news.
Was gonna post that too (+1)
4449945Yeah people are really trying to keep the price up to sell their bags...thats what you get for buying so high into a pump based on rumor
Bought at 5900 about to panic sell

Yeah im out this fucker is on a spiral into the deep depts of hell
what conversation are they talking about ?
must have missed that
ouch sorry Anon we all fell for the fake news, thankfully I fell for it at at 32/35 and got out with some gains, about 470 but could have been 700+ if I sold earlier.
The Chinese will soon be waking up and you know what they'll do?These fucking squints are going to S E L L the news.
scroll down
they arent just doing to sell the news, they are going to vomit the fucking news.This coin is going to go straight vertical red dildo on us.
it only went up 100% in 24 hours.I wonder if it will correct a bit.
it'll correct to sub 4k
chinese can't even trade this coin, retard
will it go to pre-pump levels?
Big announcement is today, retard.Everybody sells the news.
If you think Chinese aren't still trading, you're completely out of touch with reality
Went all in at $48, am I gonna make it?
Its gonna recover to $25
Just took 75% of my NEO off.
The same thing happened with Digibyte last time but this time im not just watching my money fly
BTC mooning and NEO correcting, obviously sell and rebuy later
You're fucked, just quit
i fucking warned you guys to cut your losses and exit at 5500. why the fuck didn't you listen to me?
i'm warning you now to exit at 4500 before it drops sub 4k.
will you listen to me this time?
Super noob here, poor af, just bought a measly 0.01919852 BTC to get a little experience tradingNothing invested in Neo, should I buy the possible dip tomorrow/tonight?
not bother with Neo at all?
just set a buy order around 3700-3800. if it dips hard but never reaches this point then so what?
you'd still be in btc and btc is on a bullrun so either way you'll make money.
It will bounce right....
Please....
I don't want to say buy now or buy later, but keep an eye on neo it's an interesting project.
You people are slow.
You would have made more trading NEO in the last 48 hours than if you bought BTC at 6k.
Making an announcement of an announcement to pump the price seems so scammy.
This shit is way overvalued right now.
partnership with NEO SOON
screencap this and consult it tomorrow
Guys the news is going to disappoint you.
I think it's an announcement of the what-was a rumor of a Microsoft+NEO competition.
There was no official word about it but the information was on their Git.
The dude who's hyping this shit with his tweet even wrote in the tweet about a 'challenge'.
It has 5o be the competition.
Fuckin waste of life.
Pleb.
This isn't a shitcoin.
This is the first time NEO has announced an announcement.
this, people want GOVERNMENT ENDORSEMENT, anything else is just not good enough
no, but some day it might recover
sell the news BTC bull run already halved its value.
https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/neo-responded-to-my-article-and-it-confirms-my-worst-fears/More shit.
That's why people in top senior should not respond to bloggers.
How come there is this much FUD but the sell order book is surprisingly empty?
Also the guy with the fake 23k NEO Buy wall is back.
Here comes the pump.
Stay poor fags.
>sold half of my neo bag hour ago thinking btc wil be mooning YOU DISAPPOINTED ME DADDY
White paper soonhttps://neonexchange.org/I don't own any NEOBut this is the reason for recent pumpplus "news" that china will reopen ICOs but only on NEO network not ETH.
This is a rumor ive seen but not sure if its true or not
sold some neo just for it to shoot up again.
Kill me
Buy FUN Wait 2 weeksMake x10 ROI
The NEO council itself said the rumors weren't true and the announcement had nothing to do with that.
That's the reason for a lot of the sells.
People getting out before others see that and sell the news