>Work my ass off for the last 7 years>Promotional opportunity comes up>They give it to a girl who's only been there 18 months
Patriarchy
Should've become a tranny, OP.
Missed your chance, but it's not too late!
sex bribe
Duration doesn't equate to quality or competency.
Maybe she's just better than you.
Git gud.
Hit up some similar businesses.
Say you will leave to your boss for the salary you should be getting.
If you are worth their salt they will try to stop you and you negotiate more than your offer.
leave now, or blame yourself.
Get another job and leave them reeling with the noob at the helm.
Fuckem.
So you're saying you weren't more valuable to the company than a diversity promotion?
Hmmm...Sounds like your own fault anon.
I already started looking for a new job.
It's fucking bullshit, they aren't getting a two notice eitherNo she's a fucking airhead.
HOW DOES IT FEEL, ANON... HOW DOES IT FEEL TO KNOW THAT NOT ONLY ARE YOU BEING OUTCLASSED AND OUTWORKED BY THIS WOMAN, BUT SHE WILL ALSO NEVER DATE YOU?
SHE WILL ONLY EVER FUCK WITH THE LIKES OF TYRONE AND CHAD.
HAHA GET REKT, KEKBOY.
IF YOU CAN'T EVEN SUCCEED AS A WAGEKEK, YOU ARE LITERALLY GENETIC WASTE AT THIS POINT.
YOU ARE NOT EVEN WORTH IT AS BETA PROVIDER.
YOU WILL DIE A VIRGIN.
XD
Women were oppressed for thousands of years, and in many ways still are.Get used to the change, bigot.
they aren't getting a two notice eitherIf this is the kind of professional you are, then no wonder she got the promotion and you didn't.
How childish can you be?
Ive seen favoritism towards women at every job ive had.
Maybe theyre sucking dink?
I dont know, but this workplace equality is bullshit from my life experience
Were you sucking his cock OP?
No.
Its not about how good of a worker you are, its how good of a friend you are to the owner.
I think women tend to run HR
If they fuck you fuck them back, or are you too "good" for that, dont take shit fron nobody or else YOU'RE shit
If all of what you say is true, then unironically she is one of 3 possibilities:>Fucking superior>Superior wants to/has attempted to fuck her (possibly covering up impropriety)>Relative of someone in the company, or a daughter of a supervisors friendIf not one of the above, then your story is flawed.
Suck more dick or move to another company.
Eat shit Brenda
Had that happen to me once, except I was the girl.
Sometimes someone better just comes along.
youre too good to be promoted
if you worked a job for 7 years with no promotion you deserve what you get
teenage girl>merit based promotion
You are clueless that I feel sorry for the blow you'll be getting in the future.
4390104Yes - they suck dick, especially in HR.
I was pretty close with a woman there at my previous job and she sort of admitted to it.
It's no secret - they all do it.If you were a CEO, would you not let your dick get sucked every week by a hot 20-30 chick in exchange for some salary?..
literally NOTHING will happen... you losers who can't get laid and hate women will just be replaced by the more competent women and you will watch as the chads and tyrones go out with them.
you will live powerless and cuked until the end of your miserable lives.
women are just better than you, admit it.
you can't compete with women, tyrones and chads... then you get bitter.
can't wait for 2020... trump will lose and you fuckboys will be so mad.>muh superioritylol... it's over, weak ass pathetic manlet losers.
We've always known women is best thing on earth thats why our existence literally revolves around attracting them.
A year ago:>Can't wait til November, Trump will lose and you guys will be so madNow:>Can't wait til 2020!!!
!The absolute state of lefties.
he's never worked with womenI envy you.
Upper management just needs middle management to spy & report anything important upward.
so they pick any girl willing to blow them for the promotionthe girls love it because they get lots of money for it and are super turned on by the power the men wield.
Id do it as a straight male
These days we have to endure positive discrimination.Women and minorities will have a faster job and promotion opportunity then men, it's the complete opposite of equality.In the Netherlands they actually prefer foreign police employees because we lack too many of them.
this
Read this while shitting, made me laugh and giggle xD
Yeah its horrible, they have shitty judgment