I'm the top 1% trader of this board and I want to share my secret knowledge with you guys.So here is it.Don't spam it, is secret knowledge.
this is legit
Everybody know that intuitively.But when emotions kick in only a few stick to their strategy.
is this legit?
looks like a meme
is simple common sense.buy when it hits the floor, sell when everyone is buying.
there's basically no difference between the two bottom charts
"don't buy""sell you retard"it's almost like he's trying to tell you which margin position to take
or tell you how to not be a hodler retard
>my gainz mean I can only afford mspaint>trust me to make your more gainz
implying ms paint isn't the most god tier program ever
I like the third one.
One question though.
How do you know when it has hit the floor?
When buying volume increases?
Good thread OP
I am the bottom 1%I have a hard time catching falling knives.
Look at the charts of at least one month before so you can see patterns, see what was the floor base in previous ocassions.the best coins are the ones that have a pattern that isn't obviously pump and dump shit (flat line with just one big pump).
whatcha think about POWR OP?also, what's the next moon mission?
Pretty legit
This.Anon who made it here, put in good buy sell points down on a piece of paper (or place order if you're feeling brave) at usually reversal points (doubletop/bottom, fib retracement levels or best is just simple scaled orders going 50%+ where it could go).
Also don't be afraid to hold a winning trade, if it's broken out don't settle for a measly 5% profits, accumulate a coin and hold it till you're rich or the bear market sets in.
Saved.
Thank you based OP.
Now kindly delet.
Thank you Is this the main strategy infographic you use?
if you followed this advice youd miss every moon mission since january
Thanks.
Another question: I see this pattern on high volume 1 minute charts like BCC and NEO right now.
Is it cool to trade like this on such a short timeframe or do you recommend sticking to 30 minute or 2 hour candles or something.
just try to use common sense, usually buy after a dip when the coin has suffered fallen prices, and then buy when is cheap, simply then wait to sell when everyone is excited about it.don't buy when everyone is talking about a coin, usually you're the one who is late to the party.try to see also more than the day trading patterns, scalping is for autists who think they can beat computers.usually try to find historical patterns, like something that repeats, then you can analize when the coin will hit the floor and when it will moon.spend your time analizing the trends and see which coins have hit the floor and will moon again based on historical data.It's pretty common sense.unless you have secret knowledge about dump and pump coins, you will lose your money trying to ride pumps.
Exactly what raiden do now, in 9 day they release a product so it will start to climb in a few days.
men, don't day trade, that's a waste of time.use historical patterns and see which coins will give you gains in 2-3 days.day trading is for computers.
what are fake walls
BAT is counter-example for the first one
pretty good advice, which indicators do you use the most, macd, rsi, etc?
Why?I see a perfect example.
There is a buying point (drawing number 1) the there is a selling point (drawing number 5) before the fall.
Maybe stop loss would save you on that last dip.
Looks like you would have made money for a while there though.
look at the historical floor it had hit previous times.It could be a single big pump.common sense and looking at historical data to see cyclical patterns beats all that shit.there's not magic indicator of all this BS.just try to find some cyclical player who pumps regularly a coin.most coins will correct to their historical floor before mooning to their also historical ceiling.the good coins are the ones that are active (not dead) and show cyclical movement.
My advice is to buy Chancoin while it is cheap as fuck.
#4CHNallday

1. it's all psychological,2.
lots of random people psychologically participate---- first result: we have pretty bell curve of intelligence (you know - lots of average people, few stupid and few intelligent)3. news, fomo, fud, etc.
influence the stupid and large part of average which is enough to make movement (positive or negative)4. it's all abstracted in nice price vs time chart (2d, cool, easy, simple)---- second result: we know how things move, and what moves them (now comes the good part)5. rumor, team, white papers, dyor basically6.
watch chart patterns and analyze it following 1-4 rules, read chronologically what caused spikes and falls in past news, threads, etc.
- see what people felt during the good/bad timesrepeat
I'll add that the cyclical one indicates short term investment unless there is some reason it's supposed to break upwards in future.
I have seen plenty of companies with that rollercoaster pattern eventually hit the dip and then go under completely.
'Wait' pattern is something I like to see in prospective long term investment (if growth is anticipated) as it demonstrates stability/low likelihood of major failures moving forward.
QFL?
https://discord.gg/vecmVFrOfc you could just get in at the beginning of a pump...
Redpill me on what the O H L C mean for MA lines please
Mostly true but on #2, bear in mind when trading crypto, the sample of the population is biased on the right side of the curve.
The people who have heard of crypto, willing to trade it, and have the wherewithal to actually do it are going to be at least a SD maybe even more above the mean.
Keep this in mind.
Does this board talk about anything other than cryptocurrency?
does the crypto board talk about bla bla blajews and roasties, after 5pm.
What if the sell orders form an s surve?
4452590new thread.
buy my bags
the crypto boardIt's business and finance.Fuck it.
Where can I buy some BTC with minimal fees?
gemini
I'm shilling stuff you can watch on coin market for free
localbitcoins or some local bussiness that you can buy with efecty or western union.
intelligence is not only the measured iq my friend, i know lots of highly iqed people that are plain simpletons when it comes to self-control (which is very very important for someone who trade)
i am pajeet and not very smart.
could a rich white man pleas explaign what mean??
?thank
44523634452441Imagine an exchange where placing orders, that you have no intention of being filled, is completely free.
Crazy, right?
See
some dude with a computer is pumping and dumping shit.better try to see it's pattern and try to predict when he will pump again.
look at your street pajeet, that's where BCC will go
Maybe read my comment again.
I never mention IQ or intelligence.
Ironically, conscientiousness correlates with success in trading.
Am I about to betray my country?
thanks pajeet, this confirm my theory that bcc/bch shills were pumping (buying) tether waiting for obvious btc fud collapse (which will appear in next day or two)bitfinex -> wells fargo -> jihan -> (you) <- core (stupid pawns, should have been smarter) <- blockstream <- (((some people))) who controls wells fargoit's a pretty full circle by now ;)
usdyou already did
the sample of the population is biased on the right side of the curvethat's what i meant about measured iq, we understand each other
https://discord.gg/ahSAawG
This is extremely understated.It's why I stick with long term fundamental trades.
I just don't have the capacity to be completely emotionally detached if I stare at trades all day.
Weak maybe, and can't get as much gains as someone constantly winning trades daily, but it's better than eating losses.
GDAX
Redpill me on this
POWR is a long term hold, don't worry about anything and leave it be for couple months.
bear matket -> sell
couldn't it be easy to cash out without getting taxed doing it locally like this?