Lost 33 Bitcoin to BCH fomo
it's okay anon, you 'll be fine with what you got
It's okay.
I lost 70btc so far.Not from bitcoin cash but from shitty trading.As long as you remain in this space, you'll make it back
It was half my stashI don't think it is gonna bee alright
How do you manage your stress levels?
jesus christ, I thought I lost 20 btc is sad enough, thanks anon, you make feel better
how the fuck did you lose it?
how did you get so much money if you are so retarded as to not realize that bch will moon?
I got in bitcoin below 1k.
So in term of USD value, I'm still up a lot.
So I'm good mentally but still would like my 70btc back
At least you had 33 to lose.
You idiots, why would you EVER buy a coin that is ALREADY MOONINGIn each and every case you have to be ahead of the wave, not ride it.
Now buy Syscoin and Bitbay, decentralised marketplaces will take off in a few years
dont talk about retarded, i lost 5 btc, and have 1 left, you can loose 1million as fast as 10 dollars in that game.
thanks lol, I have lost less and I was worried for 200$, is time for me to calm down and do some work I need to do when I need to doit.Your Dear pen pal, Anon 200$
4318215DOn't get shaken out, BUY MORE NOW, now it's the time to be greedyt.
Micahel Buffet
Thankfully I didn't lose anything myself but I think a lot of people got FOMO'd more than usually because it wasn't just the usual FOMO, it was "oh shit the version of Bitcoin I'm holding might be worthless" FOMO
From swordfish to lobster.
Don't trust the chinks next time
going back up.3k end of day.
just hodl
ahahahahahhahhaahA wise man once said "if you go on a bitcoin fork, irrespective which scammer proposes it, you WILL lose your bitcoin"It was true in 2013, it's true now.Mircea bless
Buffet also only invests in things he believes in.
NO one is stupid enough to believe in this pump and dump chink shitcoin.
I lost around 10 btc since summer so thank you that made me feel better.was trading bch yesterday very cautiosly and only made 0.2 btc but shit could have turned out worse
4318265Thanks for the perspectiveAlso send BTC my portfolio is 0.26 :(1CxNwEeYDN9mVRL4wvBrLHb6qPagtdZiLF
WHY?
Jerk off at least twice a day.
Thanks manputs things in prespectiveon the other hand my whole portfolio is 0.26 BTC plz send some1CxNwEeYDN9mVRL4wvBrLHb6qPagtdZiLF