
kek
I'm fucking new to crypto, but you guys are fucking blind.He's transferring as such a low sat/B that it won't matter, all he's doing is luring the miners back to BTC for the fee's he's generating.His transactions are so far down that the unconfirmed transactions has to get under 100k for his transactions to be confirmed.
All the while he's creating panic for people to sell their BTC and get BCH, but when that crashes again all will flood back to BTC, and his unconfirmed coins will be worth even more by then.
this guy isnt roger ver... mccafe made a bet that bitcoin would hit 10k by 2018 or he'd eat his own dick.
Yeah, but still.
Roger Ver won't sell a coin since he can't.
He is not actually going to eat his dick, he will just laugh it off and continue being a multi millionaire.
little known fact, he was talking about bitcoin cash
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin
He's gonna overdose on drugs before that.
Or he will make some bullshit excuse like no TV wants to host him so he can't do it.
4320365And you guys are morons.
I'm even new to cryptocurrency (relatively speaking) and even I can see that BTC will be over 8k in 48 hours, while BCH will fall down to 1.3k again in that time frame.Look, it's simple.
The largest transfers now on the blockchain is at such a low sat/B that it won't be confirmed until the majority of miners return to BTC.Which will be when the BCH Fork happens, and the return of miners to BTC will cause everyone to panic and sell their BCH for BTC (which is why BCH has 8mb mempool, so it won't need the same amount of miners to confirm) which will spike BTC even more.Because the mining pool decides which currency wins, and right now BCH has more because it's easier to mine, as soon as the BCH Fork happens they'll return to BTC, and guess what will be waiting for them?THE FEES OF 180 UNCONFIRMED TRANSACTIONS.
9,000,000 in fees alone, and this will cause BTC to spike like crazy.You guys are fucking blind, and this is hilarious.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin
Which will be when the BCH Fork happenskek look at him and laugh
10kYou mean 500k?
Now, but you're not getting it.
When it happens, BTC will become more profitable to mine, so they'll switch over to BTC for the time being waiting for the BCH difficulty to drop after it's failsale mechanics comes into play.However, BTC will rise so much when the influx of miners return and the profits from all the unconfirmed transactions will make it even more profitable to mine...All the profit calculations aren't factoring in all the unconfirmed transactions...
Bitcoin cas is vertcoin
4320396The cult members speak in unison.Creepy.
implying miners will stick with BCH when the profitability to mine it dropped
good thing the profitability will increase tomorrow then
He's majorly backing Latium at the moment.
Crazy man but good ICO
he doesn't know BTC+BCH hit $9287
Except it won't.
It will level out and BCH will come out slightly on top.
What no charts, and apparently no one seems to realize is that it doesn't factor in the now almost 10,000,000 in fees that the unconfirmed transactions are raking up.
And that number will only increase, so the moment BCH becomes slightly more profitable, the miners are going to go for a cash grab on BTC, which will show them the profits of the unconfirmed and all transactions in the chain will go through, and half of them will have cashed out and half of them will have gone to BCH, which will cause the BTC to fall for a few hours to a very low value, which will cause most everyone who invested in BCH to return some to the, now low BTC.Which will cause it to go up again, and the new charts, which will then have counted in the increase in fee revenue from the increased fees, will put BTC back at the most profitable one.I mean, it's so obvious.
There's people transferring upwards of 50,000,000 BTC, but they're all at such a low fee that it's only there to make people believe they're jumping ship, and with the low price of BTC which they know will rise again, they'll double their BTC in a flash.
Youre a fucking idiot.
All price action following the break through the $5,000 resistance was highly erratic and inorganic and only inflated to $7800 so quickly due to idiots and pajeets anticipating the Hard Fork.
Once this is over with, Bitcoin will deflate back down to $5,000 minimum.
With the Hard Fork canceled, this on-going trade war, miners being dicks and fucking up already retardedly slow BTC transactions, Bitcoin Core being dicks and keeping BTC slow on purpose, still not being able to purchase real assets like real estate, cars and boats etc, and counries like India, China and South Korea talking about implementing strong regulations and outright bans of crypto, this motherfucker is due for a strong correction and retracement.Its obvious youre new because youre a stupid fucking normie who bought BTC at an ATH, thinking markets just go up forever and forever for no fucking reason whatsoever.
he already lets women shit in his mouth, literallly.
that wouldn't be much of a surprise - that guy is truly nuts, but you gotta admire how he always manages to come out clean of the chaos he causes
Actually, I've yet to invest in anything crypto, I'm still learning.
Now I might be wrong about this or you might.Here's what I don't understand, the biggest BTC owners have "transferred their funds to the exchange" in all this, which has cause a panic amongst BTC owners who don't think for themselves and they tried to transfer their BTC to BCH, but they included fees too low since the fees went up faster than anyone could've anticipated.
But wouldn't the people who know BTC the most, i.e whatever the fuck his name is that everybody panicked over, know that the fee would increase?
Fuck yeah, what did he do?
Even after the current fee was well above 700 sat/B?
He transferred almost all his funds with a fee of 450 sat/B.Now why is that?
He knows it won't make it to the exchange in any time or form to make a profit of the spike in BCH.Hint; he's doing it so that people will try the same, causing the increase in transaction fee's to make sure BTC will still be more profitable after BCH's hard fork.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ioq_iE4nVqItoday i will remind them
https://youtu.be/5elAr2s6Gno?t=35

Nah buddy, McAfee said $500,000 or he would eat his dick.
I forget the time line though.
Hahaha they just stitched him right up
I wish he was right though
Very interesting insights anon, please do tell us more
https://diegorod.github.io/WillMcAfeeEatHisOwnDick/
little known fact, he was talking about bitcoin cashYou retard, it's not a little known fact.
He was just being flippant when people were challenging him he said he didn't say which bitcoin.
Never mentioned bcash.
Also recently he doesn't like bcash.
So he's basically saying the no.1 bitcoin will hit 500k but he's open to the idea that might be bitcoin core, bcash, bitcoin gold, segwit 2x.
Fuck off.Don't comment about things you have no idea about.
It was 500k and it was in 3 years.
Not 10k by 2018.
I just realized his bet will end shortly after the next halvening, so BTC will most definitely be at 500k by then
Well, now people are actually panicking and peaking at 4444 sat/B's to sell 1 BTC, and this is just clogging it up even more because it will continue to rise.
Now, all these panicking with that high rate is just increasing the fee revenue that the returning mining pool will generate, and when they realize they just lost so much by selling at this price, with that rate, they'll buy even more which will moon the BTC price even more.Now, by clogging it up even more and creating panic with the intent of making people sell their BTC with higher fees, they are just ensuring that the BTC will be most profitable to mine due to it having over 10,000,000 in fees alone right now.
So when the mining pool floods back to compete over the unconfirmed transactions fee's, the pool will be almost exclusively BTC for a few days, which will make everyone who jumped ship think they made a mistake and re-invest in BTC, spiking the price up even more.
I mean, if they REALLY planned on dumping their BTC, would they really send 3k bitcoins through with a lower sat/B than estimatfee put 24 blocks at?
They literally just made sure that when the miners return, they'd make more profit so the BTC would continue to be the most profitable for a few days despite what BCH ends up at, and with the entire mining pool going BTC, the buyers will follow, causing BTC to spike probably well over 8k within 48 hours.
Now, they scarified very little BTC (fee) to ensure that BTC will rise, and when all the miners are back, IF they are dumping and flipping, that's when they'll do it.
Also, by doing this they are essentially protecting the BTC from falling, because nobody can sell unless they already have their stash at an exchange, right?So no matter what happened with BCH, it could've never taken over because people couldn't simply use the BTC blockchain.
So by clogging it, they made sure most people couldn't jump ship because nobody would believe the sat/B's would end up that high.
So I predict that when the miners jump back to BTC, all the people who right now have unconfirmed transfers will need to transfer back their funds from the exchange, or rather want to, because BTC will suddenly spike.Now, who knows what the sat/B will be by then?
It'll probably be fairly high compared to a month or two ago, and suddenly, the predicted profit of mining BTC will be slightly higher due to making more money off fee's than a month ago...?