Get the fuck in hereAlright faggots, take a seat, i'm about to lay down some facts as to why you have to hate money in order to not invest in COSS>Payment GatewayCoss has developed a plugin called the Payment Gateway.
Online stores can set this up in mere minutes and begin accepting payments in the cryptocurrency of their choice.
This plugin extends to Coss's Point-Of-Sale application, which can be installed to quickly plugin to a website shop and Android application.It doesn't end there.
Because of this gateway, Coss accepts fiat payments to ANY of their listed cryptocurrencies - that means you don't have to buy BTC or ETH to buy "alt coins" anymore.
Alt coins are directly purchasable (and sellable) with fiat.>DividendsCoss offers their own exchange coin called COSS.
By simply holding these coins, you receive a split of all fees charged to traders using the exchange every Sunday.
The larger your COSS stack, the higher your proportion of payout.
You receive payouts in EVERY CURRENCY LISTED ON THE EXCHANGE.
The more trades that occurred for a coin, the more payout you receive of that coin.
This makes Coss a sort of "index" fund in terms of its dividends, because you receive all sorts of coins, some of which could be very valuable in the future.>Responsive TeamThe Coss team is active and available to communicate with on Slack.
They constantly give updates to the community and are extremely attentive to what coins the community wants listed.
As an example, /biz/ spammed Coss with CHAINLINK requests and it was listed 2 weeks later.
They list coins YOU want listed.
They are currently updating their UI to appease more "hardcore" traders.
The team has a plethora of experience developers from the crypto sphere.
Early AdoptionCoss is still a young exchange.
Investing now is the best way to realize maximal gains, because if and when the exchange takes off it will take off fast as people flood to this new awesome exchange.
Even if the COSS tokens themselves do not gain value, you can rest assured knowing they are hard at work earning other cryptocurrencies for you.>Merchant ListCoss provides a list of merchants from all over the world that accept payments in cryptocurrency using their gateway.
By purchasing goods and services from this easy-to-use list of merchants, you are contributing to the normalized use and adoption of cryptocurrency.
You also earn DIVIDENDS through the Merchant/Payment Gateway.
Cool, right?
!>SafeCoss provides an info graphic on their website detailing exactly how and where your funds are stored on their exchange.
Your funds are transferred between hot and cold wallets to ensure their security.Use Coss today, be rich tomorrow.
i got 10k of these cunts but fuck me dead they need to update there shit fucking exchange ui
Soon anon.
Soon.
Can you tell me more about the background of the team?
I bought 1000 COSS last week and received my first fee split on Tuesday.
I crunched some numbers based on the results and immediately rounded up to a cool 10,000.
People have no idea how big this is going to be... no idea.
People are judging the daily volume against already established exchanges, but it's so new, it's still in beta.
When the new interface and trading engine is implemented and it hits EtherDelta volume levels, I'll be earning $500 plus a year.
If it hits even half of Binance's volume, I'll be earning $5000 a year.
That's assuming 1 COSS remains at it's current value of $0.08, which it won't.
If it 2x to $0.16, that'll be $10,000 a year.
I'm not even taking the weekly compounding interest into account.
Seriously, anons, just throw 0.1 BTC at this or you'll be kicking yourself for the rest of your life.
How does the split actually work?
If you own COSS tokens, then you are entitled to take part in the COSS Token Based Fee Split Allocation program!In order to receive the fee split tokens that you are entitled to, there are two options:Keep your COSS tokens inside your COSS wallet on the platform.
You don't have to do anything else!orIf you keep your COSS tokens in an external wallet (for example, a cold wallet), you need to set up the Token Based Fee Split Allocation distribution for that wallet by making a call to a special function in the COSS Token smart-contract.You receive the split in COSS tokens and also in each token that trades on the exchange, in proportion to the number of COSS tokens you hold in relation to the total supply.
So you don't need 1000?
I'm looking for a sub top 200 shitcoin and this interests me
Can you post the math as im retarded and interest in how it works
33 BTC volume on this exchange for 24 hr.
Why is this exchange safe enough to put BTC on here?
I'm only in it to get a mug desu
You don't need 1000.
You get a larger dividend payout based on how many tokens you ownHere is how their funds are stored/protected, as per the whitepaper
Got over 100kVery excited desu
Super bullish, it's definitely hit the bottom and picking up speed fast
God damn I like to see thatBlockFolio is adding Coss as an exchange option to view prices soon, I've been in contact with themgod damn remember us little guys, okay?
Will doBlockfolio is finally adding coss?My dick can only get so hard
HOW DO I NIGHTMODE?
Settings>Theme>Nightmode
Is it safe to check the price now?
Have been holding since 26 cents
you won't get double the split just because the price of COSS doubles
Who is this Semen Memon?