7:30 EST - $SYNXPumping for you will dump at $2Enjoy
$SYNXok anon bought at 100k15MgWJnUJD4GFvDESTjcjhYQeTGzuJoYhm
And who's gonna buy after 2$ now that you publicly announced it?The pump already happened two weeks ago, you want us to buy your 1 dollar bags fuck off.
Can i hab like 0.01 thanks16Pve5tMJT8CDsMuBCTnyUsRBkkznk3PgP
Don't listen to this guy, the real pump is FUN, eta 25 min.
I dare you to pump GVT.
I'm committed to $SYNX for now.
sorry folks.
I would love 0.01.
Thanks19bBPMYcrj2AET9MxkuQCCfAzsTiVBxKen
is this real?
pump it again
Holy shit OP deliveredThanks man
Holy shit you actually deliveredHow much money did you make/lose.
Pls send me money I will put sharpie in pooper
it didnt hit $2
The volume hit 78 at 6:30, seems like op went all in
Do not worry nerds, I will come in with another wave :D
playing around with 800k for funsiesI'm so jealous
up 92K today.. just a normal day
A donation instead would be appreciate1Dxm5Xz9nAV1pesBofNYyMnqvMRWpZFVTxSing me a lullaby
when will you all understand, even if I had a billion dollars i would not donate a single penny?
retards and here i come with another wave boys
4531165I will put sharpie in pooper just give me money anon
Lullaby babyyyyy
Let me know when everyone is loaded in so I put another 10 btc bid on here
wait 4 me
which coin this time?
powr
ok I'm strapped in anon.
still waiting on the sharpie in pooper deal
am still working with $synx noobs think all i have to do is put a buy order...
I have to buy & sell slowly raising price, then I put jump bids in for panic to get more people in the coin have 45 btc worth now on it
seems risky anon
cool thanks man
Dam was that pump actually you?
If I buy now, what sort of price are you going to send this to?
$2, is what he said i think
OP im going in plz wait
Wait hold up, he posted this after the pump lmao.
Probably bought at the top and is trying to sell his bags.
pure fud
post proof
Haha is anyone really falling for this?
Ok OP, just bought 2 btc of $SYNX.
Pump away
in with $100, lets see how real this is
check the timestamps.
No he didn't I was watching it after reading this thread and then it suddeley shot up on bittrex
Oh, anons there is no second pump.
Bags are being unloaded from the money train.
Watch yr feet!
No!
OP will deliver!
Down with unbeliver!
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
Jump while you are still close to even.
What is that in IST?
here we goooooo
And it's mooning as we speak.
OP delivering
How many of you fell for this?
people with no money try to become a detective..... when you wake up tomorrow morning check $synx price idiot
Nice moon.
It was just you guys buying into each other's hope and one Paj profiting from a former pump.
How many times are you going to let threads like this fool you?
1MK1LLKaB779NpLSkqSDmSJEsNGH85QkS9will have gf post tits for .5 btc
Still hodling.
I belive in you OP

can i haz 0.01 plz1KtFpGtGHsSwdxk37qCtWvAoxJcCfAY63M
My god Its legitOP is totally trust worthy nowBuying 100K now
this about to happen
one of these:ARDR, QSP, REQ, RCN