I own 1BTC worth.
Am I deluded?
Own 1.3btc one day we shall OP, one day we shall make it
Am I deluded?I threw $ 100 of this bullshit and fuck it.I'm selling if I get even.
yeah you fucked up.
LOL
Hold out brother, if you've seen the recent announcements and updated roadmap Obsidian is fine.
There was an obvious pump and pressure when this first dropped on an exchange, but it is growing as it needed to grow.
This isn't some NULS bullshit.
DELUDED ODINS
Project is ded.
Pravik got fired.
Same here brother.
About 1BTC deep in ODN and asking myself the very same question every day.
Even on major altcoin recovery days this shit does not move in the slightest.
over 1.5 btc here at around 11k sats just waiting till the app comes out at this point.
we are either deluded or smart money haha
staking 15k on my computer.
still very comfy.
this coin WILL make it.
the problem with u niggers is impatience
you better say this shit to bitshares, eos, icn, siacoin and dgb holders.not every shit is about patience.
some shitcoins just never work out.
All of those coins pumped very hard.
Market works in cycles.
What’s your point?
43489364349003Hodl and stake, ODN Brothers.
heads up, ODN Android app is coming soon from what I can tell from the checkins...
what are the checkins?
Also December 4th should be a big day.
the world famous crypto CEO Pravik Pajeet?
I mean it's not like you bought link or something
ODN MARINES REPORT IN NOW.
The first poor ODN bro to post their address here gets 20 ODN.Must post blockfolio screenshot.
XTro7kzMU6U3p3hggv4AdfLBhF15scRTH6I don't use blockfolio.
I've been hoddling my stack since 7.4k and ~14k
Good enough for me
anon was good on his word.thank you kind stranger.
Obsidian didn't experience even a small fraction of the pump that those did.
XG45yJtHR3ie5R115wiVW8mwjQT7xNdmoXsheeeeit i feel poor af seeing your blockfolio lmaooh well, we're all gonna make it
thanks so much generous anon!
very much appreciated
they have a github checkin app, that posts them
All of those had fucking gigantic market caps compared to Obsidian, like 100x bigger (6m vs 600m).
I get 20-40 ODN per day from staking so I'm happy to help ODN bros in need.
Imma poorfag trying to get to 1500Got rekt buying high bit have iron hands for the upcoming moon missionXX3mxon5ov1LrSqi8j5egtLDwntRS8eqgd
K ODN checking in.
Holy shit dude!
You delivered!
Thanks man, I'll give back some love to biz when I make it with odn.
31k ODN reporting in.20 ODN is $5 a day for me and this shit hasnt gain traction yet.
/comfy af