THIS IS NOT A DRILL, KUCOIN LISTING COMING AT 13:00 CET TODAY.
PREPARE FOR THE MOON MISSION CFDMARINES
3... 2.. 1
https://twitter.com/kucoincom/status/928197961988714496?s=09GET IT WHILE IT'S STILL UNDER $1 PER TOKEN

fuckthis coin is actually gonna keep going

Stuck between this and EDO, don't have enough money to split 50/50 Going with EDO cuz it has a new working app fuckkkk I hate tough decisions
how do I buy this shit
tfw I missed out
fucking crazy, how much has it mooned already?
20x?
not going to risk buying now, last time i succumbed to fomo it ended badly.
not 20x, but anyway, the market cap is still low and kucoin has more volume..
I dunno, do what you want.
Its because the market cap was insanely low and still is really.
The team set a precedent for the new dawn of ICO's.
Bare minimum capital required.
Whats your sell point
EVERYONE FLIP OFF THE ICOS RAISING 30MIL AND UP AND BUY CONFIDO, THEY WILL SOON GET THE MESSAGE
Where are you buying EDO?
4246003i quickly glanced at the whitepaper a couple of weeks ago, but totally missed the low hardcap thing.
investment no-brainer...oh well, more opportunities will come.
I hope Kucoin isnt the only exchange news.
We need Kucoin today and Binance Friday - then the moon mission can properly begin before the hype dies out!
Kucoin is a Binance spinoff, its going to Binance 99% sure very soon
Picked up about 5k going to at least 2x from here with exchange news
Joost has already said they're in talks with Binance, but they need a working prototype before Binance is willing to list them.
They're working on developing a barebones prototype for the people at Binance to play with, which shouldn't take long at all since all it'll need to be is a UI and some basic blockchain integration
I MISSED OUT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
you can buy on Kucoin
There will be blood and tears for all the people that FOMO into this after it already was 14x ICO price in 2 days.
This will be phenomenal.
Yes..Yes..
Keep the FUDing going..
4246098They said Kucoin was the exchange news meant for this Friday, so there is no further announcement now that Kucoin added it early.However, they say they have a little exchange surprise for next week... Kucoin is a Binance spin off and the Binance CEO talked really good about the CFD ICO already.Once the Asians see the gains & the low market cap this thing is going balistic.
I see another x10 anons.
Please continue here Thanks.
What is the circulating supply to calc marketcap?
fkk BITTREX.
I was Whitelisted for the ICO, but I couldnt withdraw because I dont the fucking know why.
Missed the ico and missed first hours of trading.
Missed atleast 10k dollars which I really need.
mil
Yes yes, we will meet again in some days/weeks.
Same story all over again.
Go buy into the already enormously pumped and overhyped coin and expect another x100.
Nothing could possibly go wrong.
You fucking biztards will never learn.
The problem here is that this coin has now @x15 not even the marketcap that "low" ICOs like Cindicator (15mil) had from the beginning.You are not buying a pumped coin, you're buying the bottom.
Lmao that makes it about 280th on cmc.
All in.
NiggerThis is low marketcap project you collosal faggot, your retard X metric doesn't apply - faggot.Kyber has trillion tokens and 50 million cap or some shit, it 5X on RetarDelta alone, 250 mcap on DELTA you faggot.Confido is at 10m now.
Kill yourself and continue to COPE.You retarded, colossal, pathetic fud faggot.Modum did 20 or something million mcap on Delta.
: cnot even my mom gives me free money so why would /biz/
That's what every moron thinks.
Falling for another low marketcap meme.
People will still take their profits, cut losses and dump on you.THE MARKET NEVER CHANGES.
But now you're in such FOMO overdrive mode that you think "this is the thing!
ill make it in 2 days!
absolutely no risk to buy into 14x ICO because of low marketcap!
"Blood and tears.
I am telling you.
Plain retarded if you expect x100 in a week.
I bet you thought the exact same shit when it was x3.
Confido is below 10m, it's at like 5m right now lmao
Well, nothing to argue here, little boys.
We meet again.
I already feel bad for the idiots who get lured into this buy you to buy at this moment.
Boys have to learn their lessons.
THE MARKET NEVER CHANGES.Good god I hate these numale "expert anon traders" that read blogs about TA and watch Wall Street only to spew their fucking bullshit on /biz, FUCK...we need to find a way to dox and kill these people.
5mBUT BUT BUT MARKET NEVER CHANGES ANON!
!THERE'S A RULE - 10X IS THE HARDCAP AND IT CAN NOT GO ANY MORE!MARKET NEVER CHANGES >dicaprio-avatar-on-twitter.jpg<For example, I make a ICO with 10 tokens each worth 1$NO FUCKIN WAY IT CAN GET MORE THAN 100$ INVESTED IN THE MARKETCAP, LMAO THAT'S 10X ALREADY LMAO MARKET NEVER CHANGES LMAO
t. faggot who didn't turn his 2 eth into 1btc overnight
THIS TIME it must be different, unlike all the other 1.000.000.000 times.
deluded anon thinks he knows it better.
being this mad and butthurt in your reactions already shows how subconsciously your doubts are nagging
I bet he thinks link is a scamcoin too.But cool, let him buy his vtc or whatever
4246303I love all of you deluded ADHD millennial faggots.
Nothing wrong to buy at ICO.
Everything wrong to buy into it 2 days after at x14 or higher.
But you will learn the hard way.
Can anybody tell me what if marketcap is right now?Kucoin to start trading CFD in 30 minutes
around 6milli
Around 8 i think
Do the math yourself Price*Number of Coins
curculating Number of coins, 25Mil on cmc is not right.
42463428 or 6 lol this is all so confusing will 160k make it?planning to buy a C4 vest if this go southabout 10 mil for 15 mil coins, how much the devs are keeping?
circulating supply is 9 million, current price is around $0.68 USD, so market cap is around 6 million
4246359Ah yeah, sorry, had to specify
 million total9 million on the market$0.7 right now, listing on Cuckoin incoming, but supposedly that's only one exchange, more to come.So the mcap is around 10M which is maximum and due to Le Smart Anons who know the sentiments on the markets (they see the bollinger bands being stochastic and not "bullish" enough) this thing will stop dead in its tracks.10 million mcap is psychological barrier in trading, don't you know.
No, greedy anons think they go x100 in 3 days and don't know when to sell (or buy).>"THIS TIME it must be the big jackpot">not knowing their judgement is affected by asevere greed and gambling habit
Honestly, the devs keeping a chunk for themselves shows their dedication to the project.
Since it pays dividends based on fees, their primary source of income besides the ICO funds is dependent solely on whether Confido succeeds
I know that, only needs smt like 1.5 is fine with me, YOYO had me down like 20%, has to regain with this
- Market cap is currently at 6m.
Check out some of the coins in the top 200 and compare their use cases.- They are releasing alpha in less than 2 months.
- Dividend payouts 0.7% on every transaction fee.
q2 2018 (thats alot of dough for the measly 15million total coins)- some anon mentioned they were talking about a shopify plugin- teaming up with kleros to settle disputes- teaming up with ChainLink to provide API data feeds from shipment companies- asked for a mere 400k instead of 10's of millions like every other ICO- already has a reputation for being the leader in the new dawn of ICO's - teams founders went to top tier german universities.- about to be listed on kucoin- binance inevitably will follow- 'its already mooned' doesnt work here like other ICO's as its still in low tier range.
Right, unlike "sensible bollinger stochastic TA memeline based" ////real investing////
FUD didn't work, sorry
More chance to moon than the toilet, even though this will use toilet for infokek
Anon, it already "mooned" as we can see, the TA Investment guide written by Teeka clearly states this.There's no more room to grow.
SELL NOW.
Don't be deluded.If ICO's could moon more than 10x they would.
But the market meme line stochastic TA bollinger clearly indicates - that's not the case.All in on Bancor.
To add to this check these linkshttps://view.publitas.com/p222-15491/harvestmoon-14-urgent-dispatch-oct-17-2017/page/1https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/3-cryptocurrencies-to-keep-an-eye-on-that-are-not-bitcoin_us_59d22c36e4b034ae778d4c32
4246445Can this go to 30mil marketcap?
Please its my wish for christmas this year
The toilet will rise again.
This is just the beginning.Yeh exactly lolEarly next year sure.
2018 is gonna be a crazy year for alot of alts who are bringing out their main versions.
ChainLink + Confido = Good times.
If this goes to 30m I'm booking a fucking holiday around the world
Yah this just like CL in term of use case, large companies will want to take advantages of Blockchain but don't want to invest too much, bridge ICOs like these make most sense to them.
wait why the fuck cant i see this on kucoin ETH pair
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WHY IS IT CRASHING I BOUGHT AT 72 CENTS WHYYYYYYYYY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Don’t get too excited anons.
I’m not trying to FUD but cash out after the kucoin listing and then rebuy at 1/4 the price over the coming weeks.
Look at what happened to LINK and that is 100x better.
FUCK LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKTHIS IS CONFIIIIIIDO BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I knew this shit tier exchange would just fuck things up.
All it does is properly tie it to BTC.
FUCK!
The liquidity is SHIT on KUCOIN
I can see this at a 45m cap by decemberI currently have 140000 cfd and hope to retire on it
Get fucked you stupid idiots.
Never learn...
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WHY DID YOU LIE TO ME BIZ AAAAAAAAAAAA
JUST JUST JUST JUSTi'm fucking done with crypto, everything I buy goes down.
fuck you biz
PUMPED X 15STILL BUYSAHAHAHAHAHA
OUCH
It would be too easy to quote myself all over again.
I guess I leave you alone with your despair and grief.This would be the reasonable approach.
But nobody here listens to reason.
Can someone send me wojakcollection.zip thanks
Going long on this mainly for the dividends.Gonna turn off my pc now and jack off.
Went from x15 ICO price down to x12 ICO price>Still got JUSTedHoly shit you have bad timing.
I bet you sell at a loss too.
THAT SELL WALL IS MASSIVE.
Why are you fudding?
It has dipped just a little.
everyone sell!!!
!need to buy more
there was much bigger dip on etherdelta yesterday
It means everyone is trying to hit the exits first.
just look at the sell orders.
When one new one pops up in front the previous one cancels and drops their asking price.
It's not FUD just an observation of the situation.
turn off PC>jack offWud?Also chill out faggots, obviously it will be highly volatile in the first few with all the flippers having their finger on the trigger to panic sell.Yesterday it dropped from 0.0012 to 0.0005 and stayed there for a few hours
Whales are trying to bring this down and small fish are eager to play along.
Pay no attention if you've already bought.
If you haven't, get on board or play the game of small fish.Market cap is ridiculous.
0.7% transactions fees goes to all holders of the low 15m supply.
Read this:4246445
Well there goes the buywall at 1850000.
Down we go
This is one volatile coin.
It's scarier than watching your home country turn into a Sharia state because it really is tempting to FOMO in.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
How is it fucking tempting to buy a coin that did x20 in 2 days expecting another x20??
?Are you all insect tier intelligent?
Because the market cap is still nowhere near what it should be relative to 99% of the other shitcoins.
It hasn't 20x'd
LOL people who couldnt buy at the dip Fudding
not for normies no
It fucking did x18 at least at some point, calculating from ICO price.
Highest it did was around 16x ICO price
Exactly.
It hasn't even hit a complete MC of $8MM - so we're talking about a shitcoin-tier MC on page 3 or below #240 rank on CMC.com
GOING IN WISH ME LUCK FUUUUUUCK
I'm pretty excited, got in just last night and I'm already doing pretty well on it.
Every coin has people saying it'll tank, to each their own I suppose.
Think I caught the bottom at .00158?
Maybe?
Plz
Severely undervalued guys severely...
what?Its selling for 0.00007000 @ Kucoin
Its time to move on suckers..vaporwave project #349 being added to the crypto garbage can right nowdumped my ico bags at 15x and you should've too
Smart decision, anon.>how do I cost of opportunity?
I'm talking in ETH.
I'm not fucking selling
eth /=/ btc
Anon, 0.7% of nothing = nothing.Cope harder.
424621842462854246316
It's bouncing back up quick bro.
Easiest 1000 bucks of my life within 10 minutes
Yeh its a great idea.
Besides the fact they've asked for the bare minimum, which is a breath of fresh air in todays ICO landscape, they are also using ChainLink, the next big thing in crypto world.Confidos actually a normal web/mobile application that's using smart contracts through ChainLink.
Linkies on here are going to shill anything connected to it.
And Confido is going to be the first to use ChainLink as far as I'm aware.
I own Chainlink and say it is stupid to buy so soon into such a pump.>ElixHow did that low market cap meme go btw?
I have a tablet too, dont wanna get my cum all over my keyboard when blowing it over my tab is fine.
million market capth on cmc>not accumulating this right now
dont worry guys you can fomo in at 9 million market cap