>go away>come back in June, maybe October for prosperity>LINK is now worth $20-$50Explore the possibility of this being the case.
Total supply of 1 billion coins.
Not going happen.
Sorry OP.
Well, it depends on how crypto continues.
Best case scenario?
Crypto receives major normie adoption, no not just shitty bitcoin, but all the alts too, so that crypto becomes the new stock market.
That's best case scenario.
Now in that scenario, the chances of LINK rising to the top and getting the normies' attention?
Pretty slim, they'd probably much rather buy XRP.
With some news and hype in that scenario, LINK could go up to $10.
I've explored it and my response is "DELUDED"Face it people want Bitcoin for the name recognition and the fact it actually gets used as a currency.They don't want shitty alt coins that are used for nothing.
Chainlink only has speculative value, speculative value will not get it to a 50 billion market cap.
> 1 billion coins> ripple has 40 billion coins and a market cap of 9 billion> if LINK has a market cap of 9 billion, then we are at $25 per LINKI could see LINK being adopted, but we only get a 5 billion market capitalization.
We'd still be over $10 per LINK though, and most of us here on /biz/ bought in at under $0.20, so we are pretty fucking rich.
44852314485269$4CHNallday
Would have a million bucks then.
Not filthy rich but enough to buy a home and reinvest again/hold longer.
Things don't move for a long time, but when they do, you better be in before they do.
We saw it with XRP.
The gains were astronomical within 2 months.
It just a certain momentum that has to be reached along with a certain development stage combined with some hype/marketing.
Then it spreads like wildfire.
Oh, btw in case it wasn't clear: The point of investing is getting into the rocket BEFORE it launches, not right after mid-air.
LINK releases in January, Swift confirm they are implementing it effective immediately.>ChainLink is contracted as a company to assist in implementation, dev team expands rapidly.>Implementation goes smoothly, it werks just as Sergey promised.>The whole network including mainNet is up and running by Q2>Upon successful implementation at SWIFT, other major banks contract LINK as a company to implement it for them.>Sergey is found dead from auto-erotic asphyxiation while wearing a nazi suit and found with children in cages in his room.>It's too late.
LINK has been proven as a successful product and moons so hard not even minister satoshi himself can stop it.>By late 2018 Several major $100B+ revenue companies have implemented LINK, LINK's market cap hits 100B and shows no signs of slowing.Screencap dis post
Surely a 5 billion market cap would be $5 a link?
Is there's a billion total supply?
It depends on how many tokens are released by then.
m, the rest will be slowly released for node operators
Could you help me understand how these coins will be released?
If another 100million coins are suddenly dropped won't the price fall with the increased supply?
Maybe not 20-50$, but 1-5$ is very likely to happen.
Yes, see here: Also the tokens will not be suddenly released into the system to make the price crash.
Of course if tokens are needed and some pajeets hoard all coins in circulation, they will slowly release them, but only if they are actually used.
This is a fail-proof.
>it is year 2019>Stock market has crashed>Economy is in recession>$LINK is now $25>Major epidemic of/biz NEETs nutting in mouths of hungry teenage girls with no jobs.
Nobody cares.>Some travel to poor countries to do this.
Again, nobody cares.Wake up to check blockfolio and realise you need to acquire some fiat for your plane tickets.
Those Eastern European girls aren't going to catch ejaculate in their mouths on their own!
>be britbong >hold LINK>it moons>sell LINK to ethereum>send to fiat exchange >can only withdraw in Euros cause all the exchanges are based in cuck sheds in Estonia and U.K. Banks won't touch crypto>finally got euros>send to U.K. Bank account>get charged massive SEPA transfer fees>get charged Euro GBP conversion fees>get blacklisted from account by banks anti money laundering detection algorithms >have to send bank all crypto transaction history>immediately get charged massive capital gains tax and become a higher rate taxpayer instantly meaning wageslave pennies get taxed at 45%>police come and knock down door due to investigation into sudden cash influx>see me buttering toast with my waifu pillow>arrested for possession and threatening with a dangerous weapon>sentenced to life in prison to be bummed by muslims>ChainLink gains are surrendered to the Crown and I die penniless We're gonna make it
Thanks - makes sense
Economic recession will make the dollar worthless.
I don't think 25$ is so much then.
see me buttering toast with my waifu pillowlmao
mfw I just ride LINK to generate the funds to be able to hold significant BTC and leave it at that
go away>come back in June, maybe October>LINK is now worth $0.10-$0.20ftfy
Sergey wearing a nazi suit and found with children in cages in his room.Big if true
Its gonna be way higher than 50 bucks, what people still don‘t understand is that chainlink basically connects all blockchains with the SWIFT system.Since IoT is clearly the future together with Smart contracts (which will dominate EVERY industry from financial to insurance and beyond cutting out middlemen left and right) I think its fair to say that decentralized oracles are a very very important part of the future, think of it as a network that monitors and enforces smart contracts 24/7 without any downtime.and LINK won‘t be just driven by hype, it actually has the most important use in crypto to date.
Ah, yet another deluded screencap to my folder I will post when all you LINKies fill this board with wojaks
He thinks every cryptocurrency had the same purposeYoure right man keep buying bitcoin.
Let us dummies accumulate link.
I hope all the smart people let link tank to 5 cents, that would make me so mad!
what is circulating supplybitcoin>used as currency>everThat's more deluded than expecting SWIFT to implement Chainlink in the future1 billion coinsBy the time all of the coins are released, crypto market will be worth in the trillions.
These are the people that make up "the market" out there.And people wonder why Link is so undervalued right now, lmao.Just have a little patience, people.
"The market" won't stay this stupid forever.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
Actually I think "little patience" won't cut it.
You have to be like 6 month patient.
Possibly one of the worst copypastas in a while.
Hardly anything more cringeworthy than spam of pathetic memes by degenerate millennial inbreds.
You are just pathetic.
t. deranged linkieboy
Go away>come back in June, maybe October>Sergey now weighs 500 lbs and has spent the past 8 months doing nothing but eating Mcdonalds.>LINK is now worth $0.02-0.05Explore the possibility of this being the case.
Mate you know you can buy material goods with Bitcoin right?
You could buy a house with Bitcoin, you could buy a car with Bitcoin.
That makes it a currency by any definition.Now what can you buy with chain Link?
Oh right nothing.
It is being used as a currency even though it's kinda retarded, being deflationary and all
spent three solid weeks near ATH>PnDPick one.
don't tell me, you're a genx, or even better, a boomer?
anything better than a degenerate ADHD millennial inbred like too many of you.
turn on TLC>episode about sergey and how rory buys him pizza>Dr tells him to lose 300lb by end of the week>OW MUH LEGS>POP OFF SERGEY
inbredsCan't blame "us" for that one, chap
4485889See above grandpa
Lost
This guy gets ithttps://youtu.be/kW27zYIxZhYWatch the first 2 minutes and understand the implications of this.
There’s a REASON why /biz/ picked this as our coin.
There’s a REASON why SWIFT are interested.
There’s a REASON for all the memes.
There’s a REASON for ‘deluded’ price estimates
Keep posting toilet memes and bad copypastas in order to give your life some illusionary sense of self-fulfillment to validate your sad existence, even though no initial Linkie is ever going to see them anymore because they are already on some Caribbean Island getting dicksucked by hot 10/10 blondes.
After realizing that you possibly may want to take my related offer.
You could buy some goods but only a small minority of BTC holders do because it's barely usable with the current fees and confirmation times.And LINK token works as any other token, it will be used to pay for services.
Kek
lol
 that’ll be $20 please> plus $8 transaction fee
Imagine telling someone investing in stocks back in 2006 they’d have to wait a whole 6 months before making enough money to never have to work again It’s really not that hard to be patient
Very good choice sir.
This car will serve you for years to come.
>That'll be $20,000.
>Plus a $10,000 transaction fee.>Now stand there and let us stare at each other for four hours while we wait for all the confirmations to complete.Whoa... so this is the future of money...
Sheeeit
That is the point.
If you have a steady income, go around your own business and not lurk on /biz 24/7 like an absolute madman to let the FUD finally get the better of you, then you are set.
Most of these ADHD pump and dump chasers are just gamblers no other than people throwing their money into casinos.Holding IS the better strategy, always.
If you properly research and only invest into non-shitcoins.
Just look at the yearly development charts.
Ups and down are background noise.
In crypto things move faster in 3 days than stocks in 6 months.
And yet people still don't have the patience and think they get rich over night.
But guess what: those guys will NEVER make it unless their mindset changes.
I also didn't make it yet but I had serious gains on my 5 figure initial investment.
And I won't stop holding unless I am rich.
If I lose a couple of grands I don't fucking care.
Nothing about my life changes longterm with or without those.
You were supposed to be buying coffee in that copypasta idiot.
Can't even make a fucking copypasta right.
Endless 4 chan shill until it dies
Here's your (You)
No, this is a car.
You can't drink a car!
Ok /biz/ I FOMO'd and put about $500 in.
At what price do I sell?
At this point it is not "FOMO".
It is rationally investing at a low price, considering the arguments and no piece of analytical argumenative-based FUD - only toilet memes.
It is FUD when the rocket launched and you buy at next ATH.
You buy now and sell at whatever price you please.
When you have hands of steel 50$ But i would say just see How hard it moons when it moons
"It is FOMO.." obviously.
kek
I can't into math but $50 would put link around ETH levels in market cap wouldn't it.
true
Thank you Queen
Ok I just did the math.
For LINK to reach ETH current market cap it would need to hit $35.24So I'd say LINK hitting anything under that is feasible, it's probably even feasible to pass it assuming new money keeps pouring into the overall market.
eth has an unlimited supply of coins.Ripple has 100 billion coins and is worth the same as Link right now.
Do you have a rough educated estimate at how long that kind of gain would take LINK?
implying Link is for normies
Whats teh best wallet to hold my linkies?
I don't trust MEW.
What are other alternatives?
If Sergey doesn't deliver he probably gets killed by professional ninja assassins that SWIFT and whoever else contracted him will send after himit's not like the confido situation where nobody even knows the names of the team, Sergey is a real person giving real presentations on important conferences.
he cant' just bail out.
>there's nolinkers on this board RIGHT NOW
Uh no it'd be closer to $100 at eth current market capitalisation
I don't trust MEWI heard the parity wallet is pretty amazing.
Your funds will be 100% safe in there.
This is the first pump group I'm actually making money with --> https://discord.gg/svrKKHc Join us and make some sweet percentages with us.
We got LUN, GUP, MCO and BITB last weeks and they all were major success!
this is such a shillshitcoin
bretty hard to go anywhere with bags this heavy
as long as we keep having link threads where people tell me I'm going to make it, I'll be alright.
It's anyone's guess
Is their choice of programmin language a concern ?
Im a neet when it comes to code .
Take it easy on me
Finding skilled software developers who are experienced in blockchain and your language of choice is difficult.
Since they're looking to hire people who know Ruby, Go, and understand blockchain, it might be a long time before they can fill those positions.
I'm convinced no one itt actually understands the purpose of link tokens of they think they will be worth $10+ each
$10 is very doable in the medium term.
Offline either paper or hardware wallet
SEEMS LIKE FOREVER
I am convinced you don't understand that mass adoption LINK will have when Smart Contracts become more main stream.It's going to take time though.
Those of us that have a job and don't have ADHD have no problem with this.
Where should I store link in the meantime?
Do hardwallets even accept them?
Linkies literally believe this will become a revolutionary top 3 coin by 2019
I'm more long term.
If it has done anything positive in 5 years, it can be assumed it never will
he STILL doesn't understand what circulating supply means>he STILL hasn't read the whitepaper to understand what the locked tokens are used forLINK fudders are about as dumb and ignorant as they come.