The only way to win crypto is to buy coins on the ground level, around ICO price, like Link is right now.
Then you got a straight path up.
Buy trash like neo, omg, lisk, and all you're doing is making their early holders exponentially richer at a shot for 20-30 % gains.
The only way to win crypto is to get on the top of the pyramid, and just hold for 12-15 months.
Let that next round of stupid cucks buy in at $5, $10, $20 and make you richer and richer.
That's not just Link but stuff like Req Network and a few others.
You got a shot to be an early holder for once.
You got a shot to be an actual whale in a coin.
Will you take it, or will you just go around making other whales richer?
Shhhhhhhhh I'm still accumulating.
5k so far.
Aiming for 10k by 2018.
finally a guy giving real advice.
thanks yo
RipioLoopringXmr (too be safe)Any others?
REQ
considering how small the pool of coins there are to choose from idk how people lose money in crypto, if you have 1k-10k to invest you could be a millionaire in like 1 year if you have any amount of decent intelligence
not really true
if you have 1k-10k to investYeah... most people don't even have that much in stocks anon.If you have 10k to "invest" in crypto you're doing pretty well for yourself already and don't really need that extra few $$ in a year.
For instance, I know a guy who put down $20k in BTC during the dip when it was only $200.Now he has almost a million in BTC but he doesn't care cause obviously he makes a decent 6 figure salary anyway.It's basically just a backup retirement fund for him.
Are you people retarded?
Do you have any idea how many coins go beneath their ico price and remain there forever pretty much ?
Or you can get Confidoed and start living under a bridge.
4481150shitcoins are easy to spot from a mile away
Blocknet
Comfy
He does care but he's playing it off like he doesn't.
My brother makes high 6 figures and he'd kill for an extra 1MM in cash, it would genuinely change a lot.
He could pay off his mortgage in one payment, quit his job, buy more art, etc.
Do you think ARN is a shitcoin?
Not even trying to be rude, but "accumulating" means that you buy in periods because if you buy alot at the same time it influences the market priceIf you only have 5k, you're not accumulating, you're just buying
Same here dude.
I'll get 10k by December 2018 as well
Eh...probably
4481048448107444811474481169448151044830794CHNallday
If chainlink ever hits $5 I will literally eat dogshit and film it/post itIt simply will not ever happenScreenshot this
lol you guys trying to sell you bags.
$1/link dec 31st
he's not entirely wrong.
powr is showing how much you can make with crypto with a bunch of developments and real news and real shit.
link doesn't move cause the team doesn't move.
omg is a great coin, but just imagine how much money it needs to be poured into to value the 10x powr did in the last month.
Or the team is moving so much, but since their use case is actually so fucking huge, they ain't gonna show us half moves you dimwit.
I hope you're right.
I don't hold any LINK so I'm not deluded but ChainLink not releasing news in a few months after ICO isn't necessarily bad.
Anybody who bought link for a quick flip is retarded.It's rare in this shitshow that we call crypto there are actual coins with promising futures, hence why POWR did/is doing so well.
Coins like OMG got to a fucking high market cap using a fucking skateboard and well placed photos (not entirely, but you know what I mean).I like LINK for this reason.
They're working on shit, and in the future, if all goes according to plan, it's going to have a massive use case, and hence the price will show that.
But I won't buy link for a while because I don't see this happening soon, and I'd rather use money elsewhere.
calm doon falconhoof
LINK + Iexec RLC are the true way to retire in 1-2 years tops... buy both now.
you've been warned.
psstagrello / everex
i agree with you but all of us want some gains, and marketing is everything in this fucking market.
im going to start to accumulate them cause i have no idea where to put the money for quick gains lol
Fundamentally wrong.
Think about it.
The ICO guys are a bunch of early investors hoping for the early jump, most of the anyway.
So what happens, no jump.
Then it dips below ICO price, panic sets in.
Maybe they offload a few, coin slips lower.
And this further puts off any secondary prospective buyers.
The only thing which will change the valuation from there would be a fundamental change (breaking news) or the PND type behaviour.
This is how it works in stocks & other assets.
Investor psychology.
That's nonsense.
You are just greedy and impatient.
Buy BTC today, and you will still make good money for the next 20 years.
That's nonsense.
You are just greedy and impatient.
Buy BTC today, and you will still make good money for the next 20 years.Money is important in 20 years, that's why I have index funds, so I can live good enough when im hold.
Nobodies want to change their life at 50-60, but at 20-30-40.
You're right that you need to get in early, but that's not an argument for link at all.
The fact that the price is at ICO level still is that it simple underperformed when meaured by the hype.Yes, finding the niche project that explodes is the way to go, but investing in a project that doesn't already have a mob of fans behind it is risky, since there are 1500 coins.Besides, investing in bitcoin will give 500% gains too.
And I say this as someone who doesn't hold BTC
He is so deep inside that he wrote hold instead of old
No, "ground level" is where LINK was during ICO and etherdelta before Binance and SIBOS pump.
The SIBOS pump was the moon.
That was it.
There are no more moon missions for LINK.
You guys will brag about 1% gains from now on.
I have $50k, everything in crypto.
$15k in LINK, will be buying more if it dips.
Am I going to make it?
Actually have both.
45% RLC45% LINK10% ODN (Don't know what hit my head to buy those bags)
Odn will be your most profitable coin in the midterm.
Sergey is doing the right thing now.
Chasing new exchanges and marketing is fiahing for smallfry compared to the Mobey Dick partnerships he has hooked and is reeling in.
Getting a product working for them comes first.
Is this /bagholdergeneral/?
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
I hope so.
Not gonna sell until rebranding anyway.
I spent everything on link...I keep checking the price everyday but it just keeps falling.
When moon?
Please somene help explain to me.
I get cold and wet at night I prey for moon but nohing ever comes.
I go to poop but only link comes out...I eat the link because hungry but nothing.
Still no moon.
I don't know what to do anymore
Does anybody has some experience with pumps?
If I'll use a script to make a quicker orders, is there a chance to make some profit from that swindle?
buy more anon