I think I am going to neck myself
Did you go all in confido at ath or some shit
That's fucking hilarious.SIGT marine?
Just accept your losses and make a complete study of it.
Understand every move and why it was the wrong one.
Also, get a job
lel
M-m-m-oney isn't everything
I legitimately did not think it was possible to lose that hard in crypto and I’ve been in it for years Bravo
kek
looks like EA games
4453702Are you niggers retarded?
That's clearly Robinhood
So?
Sometimes I think about /biz/ before June 2017 but its unimaginable because I've only read rumorsApparently people bought and sold shitstocks on something called Robinhood.
This guy lost everything on stock equivalents of shitcoins.
Did he HODL btc?
No he did not.Bless his soul, he is again one of the wagecucks.Someday he might be able to buy 0.001 BTC from me for $26.2k
Yes anon.They are.
We told you like 1000x CHANCOIN!
Today it mooned by +108%.
This is only the beginning.
Holy kek.
What did you buy so I can avoid it?
stocks
thats pretty bad but its not worth necking yourself over16k?come on man, thats like, not even half a year salary at minimum wage.
fuckin relax dude
correction its like a full year salary at federal minimum wage
Dude how can anyone be so bad with money??
At 17k you shouldn't be playing with penny stocks.
Dcth
thats pretty bad but its not worth necking yourself overImagine necking yourself for a value of a carnot even a good carOP needs self esteem
Not being a scalp trader.>Not staying in a 10% maximum win/loss ratio in between scalps>Getting caught>Being a dumb greedy kikeFuck you
there was an error loading your notificationsHere ya go, you're fucked.
thought at first this was a shop>double checked the math>its realHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Sell your iPhone and buy REQ now
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give backThe first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
really
roll
1st my address 17sDy85zwGskS9mHPCkFBL9kS3ymzvvkcE
Bought the rope
Give me your private keys then DO IT