Anyone ever tried it?
Does playing ads make money?
Do the bitcoins get transacted to the wallet?
The absolute state of wagecucks
No it doesn't work.Minergate for mobile does work but don't expect to make much.
Ayy, I don't have much initial capital to start buying/selling.
Playing these ads costs me nothing especially when I'm doing something else and my phone is just lying there, not mining when it could.
What about other miners?I don't expect much, A few dollars a day would be enough for me, it's not like I'm doing actual work to get them.
Or maybe anyone got some experience with good mining rags that you can rent?
i tried it, you will make like $0.0001/day and drain your battery in an hour
well that sucks
if you're gonna stream ads, try earncrypto or any site with engagme video ads.
ive earned a lot so i have access to some beta features and theyre releasing a browser/phone miner on their site.
i tested it and it makes like 3-5c/day vs their video ads making like 30c-50c/day per phone/pc streaming the ads.streaming ads seems like it outperforms any miner unless you have actual mining equipment.
you'll burn up your phone and kill your phonetl;dr, you'll shoot your eye out kid!
Watch out for Bitcoin Miner on Android, I'm pretty sure it's a scam, it magically changes your wallet address after you enter it.
funny, I'm using it right now, address hasn't changed.
Need 500K Satoshi to withdraw, am currently at 20K.
Seems like a waste of time desu but I want to see if it works.
I don't know.
It's a waste of time honestly.
I used to use a few old phones to mine monero on minergate, but the pennies I was earning was not worth the hassle.If you want to mine, you really need at least a good GPU.
Playing videos cant burn your phone, also you don't really have to look at the ads to get satoshi.
I think you're underestimating how hard it is to mine crypto.If you want to earn a few dollars a day you need at least a $400-500 GPU.
https://zoin.slack.comyou can mine using your CPU, 0.05-1$ per day
Okay so what I can conclude from all this is it is impossible to earn $5-10 a day by letting my phone play ads?
NOPE.gif
okay/thread
You'd need about 10,000 phones to earn a penny.
www.onlineminer.xyz is my mining pool.
Most one of my users made is 1$ in a day.