This is just a joke right?
I mean, no one actually believes a shitty Bitcoin fork will take down Bitcoin.
All my coins are tied to fucking btc and non whatsoever to bch.
This is just manipulation to make Koreans wallets fatter am I wrong?
If the flippening happens you can still sell your alts for BCC.
But it wont matter, because all would have gone to shit.The way this war is going to play out is the price of BCC is going to rise to 0.666 BTC next week.
BTC is going down to 3800-4200-ish.
Then the Devil Whale will appear and take down BCC forever to the depths, to never reach the surface ever again.
Lol.
If you think nothing is likely to change, sit it out in ethereum for safety in case it does anyway.If you think things are going to flip, then buy BCH.Either way BTC is too risky right now.It's not a simple pump and dump by koreans.
They have accumulated so much that it is impossible for them to dump even 5% of their holdings without tanking the price to sub-500USD levels
bcc will see .5, for sure, so youre missing out on easy gains.
They have accumulated so much that it is impossible for them to dump even 5% of their holdings without tanking the price to sub-500USD levelstrue which is what makes it scary, they're basically committed, which means they can't see it as a PnD, they actually expect it to fully flip to where we have $300 BTC and $7000+ BCC and one group is gonna get severely fucked at the end of this
in a contentious hard fork you don't know what's bitcoin for a whileyou didn't think btc was bitcoin just because it kept the name did you?
43172924317361You niggas serious?
Don't you think the chinks are just halting their mining for a bit in order to drive the Bitcoin price down and raise the bcc price up so they can dump on the losers at the top?
The miners know what their doing and everyone is acting like it's all just happenstance
Do you think that amount is dumpable at a profit when they bought so much of it at 1k+?
The price would fall sub-1k far before they dump a tiny fraction of what they bought.They are all in.
It's impossible for this to be anything else than an all in.
Do you think that amount is dumpable at a profitYES.
It's still TRIPLE what it was a week ago and they could easily dump any time they want.
And no, they don't need to sell the whole order book, there are other ways to dump on stupid poors
OK explain how they are going to manipulate the market into letting them sell their bags high.