Thinking about jumping into SLR before the announcement today.
It has the MIT connection and the "email" stating Teeka was pulling his energy coin recommendation was proven to be fake.
Anyone get in?
Have witnessed the nice pump starting last night.
solarcoin is electrocchain , that thing is backbone for every major energy IOT blockchain project .Teeka said it reminds him the antshares (in the video) and it realy do,solar coin have its own ecosystem
got in.
think it will be it
With the price under 10k sats do you think this is still a good entry point?
you might add: http://www.electricchain.org/about/
yes if its teeka pick (and it is if its energy coin ) it can go x10 easily and reach simple token powr mcap (which is part of solarcoin ecosystem)
http://www.electricchain.org/about/
dont know mate - i got in @ around 8300. just put a stop loss around something your are comfy to loose.
ez
I am still thinking my guess is correct.
Good to see other members also agree.
Going to put 3 BTC in when I get home at 4PM.
Gives 1 hour before the 5PM est pick and should get in before it pumps to much further.
Hopefully still below 10k sats.Will update thread after
sure gl ;)
Everyone keeps saying slr or powr.
PBC has clearly said that just because they interview projects, doesn't mean they do a write up.
you obviously missed the information he provided as clues for his next pick in last months newsletter.
It has been posted here numerous times.
It wasn't just about an interview.
You missed alot of previous information
Ugh, being stuck at work and watching SLR price climb is annoying.
Does anyone bring their wallet on a USB attached to their key chain or anything to avoid moments like this?
Eh, it was in the leak.
Edited out of the official newsletter.
Please explain more?
it was in official site just it was edited few h past , probably figured out that we dig it out with clues,still saw it directly at source , startes searching from first minutes
It was actually in the newsletter but removed shortly after from the online version.
I know because I took a screenshot of it.
Also, I still have the email for last month's newsletter and it was in that email as well.
so pretty comfy solar?
Yes, with stop losses set as a precaution.
I know about the information that was in the Zencash report but then edited out after.
Like I said, there probably was a possibility he would recommend it, but just because he says that he's going to websummit and will talk to a project, doesn't mean he will write about them.
Gotcha, stocked to get into solarcoin when I get home before 5pm est.
Fucking work.
Never leaving the the house without a USB with my wallet info in it ever again.
Everyone wants to think they know shit, but let's be honest.
The only reason zencash got leaked so soon was because of the community update video on their YouTube channel.
Now everyone is clinging to the "on teekas radar" section of the previous report.
Only 2 hours to go though so maybe I'm wrong lol.
if SLR gets a volume boost....
Its going to be insane.
Just hope it waits another 30 minutes...
when is the announcement?
PM EST.
You still have time to buy.
Ordering 3 BTC worth in 5 min
5PM or 5:30 PM, I just sold off part of my VTC earnings and stuck it into SLR.
I got into POWR when it was on Binance for 13 cents luckily.
where is the first place to get the annoncement?
here?
twitter?
bid dicks inside info and hot chicks.
cum check us out!
I have a friend with subscription.
I will post here the second he gets the email.
We will be on the phone 10 minutes before 5PM est.
I will have Buy SLR upto (blank) pre typed and post right away.
Please post the real coin too if it's not SLR
where do you buy this shit?
bittrex
Dude SLR dumping
Bittrex.
Perfect time to buy in
It's just a bear trap.
wait till x3
obvious beartrap, stay poor newfags
4471525I see it now, just bought at the bottom of that big red dildo, I didn't see it the first time I searched for some reason
op is a faggot
just lost almost $200 in this shit
holy potcoin is saving my portfolio
lol thanks /biz/
get out now while you still can