Let's just talk some common sense here as investors.
Let's say we think theres a chance BTC is going to hit 25k sometime next year.
Sounds like a big number right?
Well 25k is only 3x gains at the price of $8300.
3x.
That's it.
This is crypto land where altcoins have 3x pumps over a weekend.
Hell BCH went 5x from $300 to $1500 in November.Why are you so attached to BTC?
The days of major gains are gone and it isn't even a very good crypto anyways.
You think that just because BTC has a history of good gains that it is going to continue forever at the same rate that it has?For BTC to continue returning 10x gains a year that means 80k EOY 2018 and 800k EOY 2019.
How long do you think people are going to keep buying BTC when the price gets that crazy?Get over your obsession with BTC.
It isn't some magical crypto that is guaranteed to make you a millionaire.
dude just think of bitcoin as the middle man
Care to elaborate?
It has to die of natural causes and not because of a coup.
I'm okay with an eth flippening but bch usurping the king will do the whole market way more harm than good
"There's a chance"Yes, and that chance is zero.Bitcoin is purely an investment tool with 0 inherent value.
Can't wait for this bubble to burst.
Most coins can only be bought as btc pairs
I agree in a perfect world.
The problem is that BTC supporters are basically a cult.
They are religious fanatics that abandoned all technical fundamentals and spread false hope about "store of value" and "digital gold" in their highly censored echo chamber.
They can't be reasoned with.
They have to be exterminated.
It will hurt the crypto economy for a while but just look at it as a chance to buy some cheap cryptos for the next inevitable bull market.
>alts gain 3x over a weekendThey also can lose 90% in a weekend.
People stick with BTC because relative to most alts its less risky.
You risk BTC trading alts in hopes of mooning to acculmate more BTC.
It's your tool to sucessThen cash out the bitcoin, enjoy your lambo.
Just be somewhat hedged, I'm mostly in alts but have some btc so if btc moons and the alts get butt fucked then I just buy whatever alt I like that's dirt cheap at the time, then sell for more btc when it corrects backs up.
Easy money
They're right for the wrong reasons and infatuated with themselves and the coin.
Bitcoin is valuable because it's been around the longest and is everyone's first coin.
I only found out about alts after buying btc for the first time and lots of people hold it and nothing else.
In due time all will come to learn that it's kind of old tech already and there are better alternatives
80k by EOY 18 is a bit much but 40k very reasonable.
Stay poor, linkies
 alt gainsDid you came here just yesterday?
Look around at all these pink wojaks, they are not from BTC