I have $35K to invest.
My plan is:Wait for BTC to enter mid $5K region.Buy BTC.Should I diversify?
Wait for a bigger dip?
Buy now?
What would you do anon?
I have only been trading for about 6 months now, but I have made the realization that BTC is the only good investment.
I have made good alt trades I have made bad alt trades, I have only increased my BTC value by about 5% in all.
Alts are all a gamble no matter what anyone tells you.
The best advice I have is to just buy as much BTC as you can afford RIGHT NOW.
Do not touch it.
Don't buy alt coins.
don't wait for a dip, just buy NOW.
Bitcoin is King and will be King for the foreseeable future.
imploring someone to buy RIGHT NOW while the price is tanking...
BCH is about to flip and turn into BCT core.BCH is 8x faster at confirmations than BCTFEes are $0.10 per tx vs BCTs 5% per txYour choice....and BCH is the only big coin that goes up when BCT drops
Try to get bch.
k is a good guesstimate, but wait for the market to show you its turning around.
Don't try to get lucky by calling the dip before it happens.
You are delusional if you actually think BCH will overtake BCT.
idiot
Unfortunately, BCH can only be the silver to BTC gold.
The fall of BTC would be the fall of crypto.
This exact same scenario that is happening now happened in August.
Look it up before you hold all the bags.
BTC is the safest investment, but with $35K he has more than enough to do both.
Wouldn't hurt to put most of his money in it while still gambling in a couple alts on the side with maybe 5k.
You don't have enough to diversify.
If you want gains you put 5-10K all in maybe 1 or 2 PROMISING crypto, holding, while putting the rest in Bitcoin.
Don't try to do anything crazy like shorting, or margin trading.
Don't get involved in the latest pump schemes.
Don't even think about touching your Bitcoin.
This but wait for lowest dip, im thinking 5500
Isn't speed the advantage of ETH?
Will that tank if BCH does the same thing?
Thanks for your thoughts, anons.For some reason the way people are shilling BCH feels very similar to when people shill other random alts so it is hard for me to trust it.
The hype came out of nowhere in the span of a few days.
0% pulled all out today.
only 90% of all gains still in.
Should I diversify?This is not a stock market, there's BTC&ETH and scams.
just buy btc in January
Eth...very risky....its about to get regulated
BCT is nowhere near falling...normies are just getting into it.
It should be $3000 usd.
BCH can exist with BCT but if BCH gains more traction....BCT will tank
It's not random...its Bitcoin....not a shitcoin.
Its the faster better version vs BCT.
Interesting.
Thanks
i rate btc
yeah wait for btc to find the bottom, dont fall for the bch meme please