What type of wine should I buy to look classy to my collegues and boss?
mulled
Juicy Juice mixed with a shot of rubbing alcohol
red

>I want to look classy.
Barefoot if you're being cheap or serving to women.
Carlo Rossi if you want to be a real classy gentleman.
Vodka
Who is this semen sack?
any chilean wine will do it op
un pinot noir ou un vin blanc pour le fondue
I'm gonna give you some real fucking answers OP so listen up.
RED1) Piemonte Barolo (Italy)2) chateauneuf du pape (France) 3) Malbec (Argentina) WHITE 1) Sauvignon Blanc (Cloudy Bay, New Zealand)2) Arneis (Italy) Assuming you're in the US, pay at least $40 per bottle.
No more, it doesn't make a difference.
Just don't buy cheap.
Something local.
That way even if it's not to their taste your can just fall back on "well I try to support local businesses" If you show up with chateau wankfest 1488 and act like oh yeah I drink this all the time, they'll be onto you
Purrblind
Probably some top of the shelf local stuff.Otherwise: Red wine is mostly a meme, white wine is way more sophisticated.
Get some austrian wine of you can get your hands on it.
Don´t be a boring anon, make calpi´s instead and be party anon forever.
wtf i love blind chicks now
A Klean Kanteen bottle full of tap water.
If they ask why you didn't bring wine you say:>anno domini MMXVII>drinking alcoholand make a facial expression like pic related.
It depends on what you're eating
like frontera?
good cellars typically have people working there who know this shitjust go there and ask
un vin rougefuck doesn't even have to be red, just get some fancy france wine.
4304475this guy is a tryhard.
If your current salary isn't 6 figures then you just look like a tryhard buying a $40 wine.
Buy a common but mid-tier brand that fits the meal, spend somewhere around $20-25.
Opt for a Shiraz type of red wine, California, CHile and Australia all got nice ones.
The sweet and dry taste feel great!
Thats good I like white wine a lot more.Good advice anon.
I also like some yeared chardonnays.
Would that be also classy?What goes good with some rare-medium steaks?
The guy asked for some nice wines.
I lived in Italy for years and developed quite a sense and knowledge for wine.
If you can't appreciate it go drink some Jack Daniels and Pepsi you fucking peasant.
In the UK major supermarkets have a premium own brand; these represent the sweet spot for quality and value - they want to do the same thing for their customers as you do for your bosses.You'll get a very drinkable wine at very good value chosen by an expert in their field.
That should impress your bosses.
For a good steak go for a heavy Malbec.
Something localLol.
Unless you're in CA or maaaybe Oregon/Washington this is rubbish advice.
There are like a dozen decent wine growing regions on Earth.
If you aren't in one of them forget about buying local
Argentinian Malbec is a great choice.
As it's ready in fewer years it's naturally cheaper than say a cab.
Also doesn't have the unnecessary premium of most French wines.
Argentian currency has been in the shitter to making these cheap in fiat.
Pairs a little more dynamically than a heavy red like a Cabernet.It'll also come off as unpretentious.
Do a little research here as not ALL Argentinian Malbecs are great.
But honestly for $20-60 you can get really good wine in this category
(((manischewitz)))
Ah and don't just fucking randomly mix different kinds of wine together.
Focus on white wine at first.
Adapt to what you are eating.Grüner Veltliner and Gelber Muskateller are different enough in alcohol/acid content for you to taste a huge difference, even as an beginner.
And Austrian wine is based Af
The Italian Red that costs $90.Or the Icewine that costs $70ARE YOU EVEN OLD ENOUGH TO DRINK YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHgxOXEQaFUShould reckon I try it at least once.
Bottle looks sexy afHow much is one of those?
Lol
If you want Vodka to look classy.
San giovese.
Been taking wine classes for 2 years now OP
It's Jew whine so its cheap like less than $10.
Ferme ta putain de gueule sale pute