What do ya think of my portfolio.
I am certain I will see some nice gains before this year ends.
got enough tokens bud?
Tether in your blockfolio is like sweeping carpet.
Why so little factom?
I believe this coin is severely undervalued at the moment.
which ones?
remainder that you are receiving advice here from 'people' like this
Way too much diversified stop crypto if you don’t know what your doing
i got no tether.
placeholder.
look at pic againit is, but I wanted to ride some waves, factom was doing nothing the last days
yea should go all in 2 coins and go full risk?
nah thanks, I invest in plently solid projects
lots of good investments here, but no LINK?
Do you people never sleep?
Fuck off loser!
Somehow all the shilling killed my interest in it
LMAO chill retard.
this is far from a shill
If you only invest in solid projects then chainlink is about as solid as it gets.
Read the whitepaper.I recommend replacing factom and one other with OMG and REQ.Inb4 fuck off pajeet shill
no autistic shilling here, but seriously look into LINK.
its partnering up with Swift banking, which is going to be huge
no they don't
4372515Lmao, the delusion is to real.
Do you people never sleep?
Fuck off loser!
good job, out of that many coins you managed to invest in about 3 that arent trash
Why the fuck are you diversifying with 15k LMAO?There are moves to make every single day.In fact, I would argue that this is the worst time EVER to hold popular alts.
All the attention is on new coins, clearly.
OP you'll never make it with this much diversity and such little amounts.
You're literally asking for a bail Mary and hoping that half of these fkn blow up and it ain't happening.
I play it safe., I research and put a reasonable amount in it.
I trust most of the projects I invested in.
I Put 800$ in WTC, got 4k out of it.
Put 750$ In coss, got 5k out of it.
But you never know, I put 1k in Bytom, went to 600.
But atleast I bought at rock bottom and evend out.
So far I am pretty happy wiht my results and I can sleep at night, which I couldn't having invested all into a single shitcoin