>POWR moons>I buy in early>still manage to lose money on it through a whole day of 10+ failed swing trades and fomo rebuys and panic sellsI dare anyone to top me as the most pathetic loser on /biz/.
Currently holding 1500 powr so it'll probably dump 80% by tomorrow, so you better sell.
I will buy the dip you'll generateThanks
Buy POWR NOW IN DIP MY BIZ BROS
>be holding 115k powrs>moons to 5k, sell 15k at 4.8k, 1st mistake>sell 100k powrs at 8k>moons to 11.8k a few hours later>miss out on extra $30k profit>mfw
eh i dunno dude I was one of many who bought it at .10 and sold at .18-.24 - who knew 8x gains?
whatever, still profit
How much did you end up making tho
Its fake monopoly money anyways
complaining about making this much moneyfucking hell dude most people dont even make that in a year let alone in a week or so
see the difference between you and me is I'm suicidal over losing $300 whereas you are suicidal about only gaining $100kcount your blessings
no worries OP, I paid $2500 for PBC membership just so I could lose $300 during this month's clusterfuck of a failed pump.
I dare you to beat that.
entered with 24k, came out with 62k, coulda made like 100k total if i wasnt such an idiot, i been having a shit day because of it.
Sure I made some profit but it coulda been like 1/3 more.
yes but what you dont know is that crypto is my last shot at making it, i literally took as much money as i could from the bank (25k) and put it all into crypto.
I been NEETing for the past 3 years so im all in now.
Funny, I just used my fake monopoly money to buy a car today.
I bought in at 3200 sats and sold at 3500 sats, thought I timed the peak correctly lmao
Oh really I'm a third worlder in my last year of college but I have a literally empty portfolio, no friends, no connections, no skills and no prospects.
I have never had a girlfriend or even talked to a girl without her looking down on me.
I'll get my degree in CS (if I manage, doesn't look likely now) and then end up as a clerk at McDonalds for the rest of my life.
I wanted to earn a bit on PWR to put it into Link and pray to Jesus that it moons and lets me live like a decent human being when my parents eventually die and I'm forced to vegetate in solitude until I eventually die in an empty hospital room because I'm the youngest from my family and the city decides to cremate my body cause there's nobody to pay for the funeral.Do you have it worse?
I did good, bought in at 4k sato, sold at 8k sato, bought back at 6900 sato and sold off at the peak.sweet, 20 bucks, anon you should try not being too focused on one coin, you'll hurt your thinker.
mm lets see, third worlder too, few friends, fiancee i was wth for 13 yrs was a whore and cheated on me, 32 years old, no job prospects either (not that i want to go back to being a wagecuck), barely leave my room, leave with parents, so you dont have it that bad compared to me.
And I think link is a bad choice.
Powr will go to $5 one day so even if you had to baghold youd be fine.
Howd u get a 25k loan
Satan, did you do the math on this scenario?
Are the gains you got less than if you just held onto all your original investment at 4k
no, because I bought back low.