>He wants a LamboUntermensch.All of those modern supercars are like kitchen appliances.
They're empty, no character, no style, just a hunk of carbon fibre with gimmicks attached.
It's like a hardcore biker wanting a Harley Davidson.
They just don't do it because they know better.
It's an image you're buying.
The image of wealth to the untrained eye, sure, but for anyone else in the know?
You'll always be a cocksucker driving around in a fad.
fucking autist shut up
An appliance that automatically draws in all the pussy within it's immediate surroundings.
Caring about womenLmao
t. Pleb
LambcuckiniGo away, get some taste
Caring about old men that are snobs about carsLmao
think I'm going for the Panamera Turbo Ssecond handby now can afford about 7 of these, should do right?it's both the insane sportscar and daily driver sedan am I right?inb4 muh longterm value yeah that's why turbo S
"lamboland" is figurative and a meme but hey you wouldn't get that given your condition.
I drive a GMC Canyon (new style) its the same as the Chevy Colorado except it looks way better in the front and has nicer trim, and also resells for more when you trade it in.Anything else is pleb tier.
He doesn't do things for himself onlyUntermenschDisgustingBuy a fucking Rav4 with all options if you want comfort and a "daily driver"
I'd get a new porsche tho
draws in all the pussy>only one passenger seat
It seems like you're trying to tell the world something.Maybe you should just buy a Miata.
seriously.
I literally have a list on my phone of the cars im gonna get if i make it.
in order:-r32 GTR-993 porsche-964 porsche-rx7 FD-e46 m3i just wanna live in a small house in the middle of nowhere with a warehouse full of cars ;_;
Implying those who pay autistic attention to detail don't generally do wellLmao okDisgustingGMCDisgusting
Ingvar Kamprad, founder of Ikea.
Net worth:$42.5 Billion.
Drives 1993 Volvo.
If you have more than 1/50 of your wealth in car, you're total cuck.
Bikes get more pussy plus they actually make it wet
The dream
Those are all:>I'm trying to not be a total retard but I still am oneEvery "anime" watching faggot wants those cars.
You're a bigger pleb than the plebs who just want a lambo for the pussy it pulls
I don't want any Lambo.
I want a Countach.
That's style.
That's taste.
That's prestige.
Countach is old enough to keep the roasties at bay but baller enough to attract beautiful, intelligent women who can appreciate the beauty of the Countach.
Who are you kidding, retard?
That's all PR bullshit.
He drives a 93 Volvo but his yacht cost 300 million, yeah?Absolutely fucking revolting tier
Buy porsche>take corner at 15 MPH>Fishtail, spin out and dieEvery fucking time!
you forgot Ferrari F40
Lol, not sure if bait.
2 of the 5 are JDM.
I like euro shit too, as you can see from the porsches and bmw.
Also, i own an e39 m5 and an e30 rn btw.
I want a Countach.
That's style.
That's taste.
That's prestige.Hahahahahahah absolutely fucking disgusting.
DisgustingHe doesn't take risksLmao
It is for myself.
I would get no satisfaction from driving your old cars.
But I would get pleasurable sensations from my dick rubbing against a vagina.
lol a classic is revolting tier now hahaha
It's not bait at all.
Those cars are all garbage millenial "must haves".
I'd rather ride a fucking skateboard than be seen sat in any of those fucking things.Also>BMWLmao
/thread
/o/
damn dude it's severe in your case.. lemme rephrase, handly anyone actually is in crypto to buy a lambo, "lamboland" means becoming wealthy enough to buy a lambo, not actually buying one.
hopefully you can understand this better :)
e39 m5>not the best sedan of all time.whats it like riding the bus everyday?
also nice reddit spacing, you can go back now
Caring about women>Allowing cunts to dictate how you live your life just so you can maybe feel oneLmao what a faggotA classicIt's fucking disgusting.
It's probably 1 out of every 5 guy's dream car.
Anything that plebs like is utter shit, this I can assure you.
/o/
I know what it means you fucking dunce, but some are serious about wanting to drive a pink vibrator of a car that is a Lamborghini.
Run along you sausage sucker
Is just me or anybody else wants a Aston Martin Lagonda?
I bet you wear oversized shirts and cheap big faced watches
everything I don't like is disgustingAutism
The only acceptable gull wing doors on a car
so you had to shit up the board with your shit thread over it?
Don't own a watch, wear well fitted closes cause also /fit/ and /fa/.
I bet you jack off to pictures of richard hammond while you ride the bus to your shift at subway
Yes please
Pretty much, yeah.
That's just how refined my taste is, I can't help it.
Shit up the boardHave you browsed this board recently?
Lolwear well fitted closes cause also /fit/ and /fa/.
I bet you jack off to pictures of richard hammond while you ride the bus to your shift at subwaBe honest, how many cocks have you had in your mouth in the past year?
43487024348658
Disgusting Even Elon Musk drove one.
Says it all.
I thought you hated old porches?
Now you're posting them also
yeah, I posted in some autist's thread too

not gonna look anything like that when its in production
Great car I just dislike the carbys other than that 10/10 car in my opinion.
4348412my nigga, would prefer pic related tho
Is the fish "dictating" to the fisherman how he lives his life because he chooses bait that appeals to the fish in order to lure them in?
uglyuglyretard
I'm a pleb, what brand new porsches are automatic, I dont want a stick shift.
Porsche GT4.
Lightweight, RWD, naturally aspirated, six speed manual only, efficient.
The perfect track/backroad car.
Fuck a lambo
You calling ugly every car but you post Porsches and not Singers, gtfo please
Holy shit it was so hard reading through your posts>I only like 70s 911 and everything else is trashkys retard
Signers are abominations, you fucking retard.
That guy isn't doing anything that wasn't been done before, he just has better marketing.
You're a pleb
Not at all, I'm just waiting for people with taste to post To add:"Hey a perfect looking car?
I know!
Let's be a big dumb cunt American and rip the interior out and make it look like a sunglasses pouch.
Also, lets add pinstripes on every car because fuck it?
Why not?
I'm a big fucking retard after all"
Name me your 5 tasteful cars from the 21st century
almost all
He's obviously not a motoring enthusiast then and whatever he does is irrelevant
There haven't been many tasteful cars in the past 17 years ' Rav 4 with all options>The rear of the 2010 VW Passat CCAll I can think of at the minute It's just PR.
Guy drives a Volvo but owns a mega yacht.
It's like when Warren Buffett drinks coke and eats Ice cream in public to make plebs think "He's just like me!!!"
IM DROOLING
Are you serious?Rav4 looks like any other japanese shitbox and 2010 CC taillights look like a fucking ayy lmao
I don't just like cars because obscure cartoons alluded to them once
MAZDA RX7 3
What the fuck?
What's special about this?
lmfao I hate "taste" nazis so much.
maybe your unbiological dad will get you one for Christmas Dennis
RAV4>he likes suvs but acts like a snob>my fucking sideskys YOU have no taste, not the other way around
4349365dude's just trolling lmao
4349587I don't particularly like it, but it is what it is.
It's understated for what it is.
Furthermore, you plebs are into le "anime" cars from cartoons you fucking nerds Get with it
im not into "Anime cars"i dont really care for most Japanese cars
Porsche mission e is the only acceptable answer you plebiscites.
What the fuck is an anime car?
Just because it's Japanese it's anime?Bitch pls
it's just you, but interesting choice non the less
4348718I've looked at them before.
Very intriguing but it is definitely not easy on the eyesIf you want weird, then check this out.
That's the rear view mirror on the top
Because an influx of anime watching benders suddenly like them

itt neets reveal they know nothing about super cars they will never own.
Hardly anyone watches initial d and people who do knew about rx7s and gtrs before hand because they are a fucking centrepiece of automotive culture Stay mad euro and amerishit can't compete
You have good taste in porsches brah
Hardly anyonestop lying to yourself
Its true though Ask most car guys about initial d they won't know what you're taking about
Every millenial le internet anime watching retard likes initial D and wants a fucking shitbox JDM bucketThey're all garbage.
I bet you like gook women as well
My man.
Other than lambos, for me it's the type x
Stop spending so much time on /o/ faggot
Never been on there in my life dunce
Then stop spending so much time on reddit idk
my nigga
Never been on there either you whopper
4350250Anime gimps
Then stop being a faggot
I don't get the buzz aabout lambos, Ive never driven one but I always felt a Corvette would be more fun to drive, + they look sexier
saltyboi doesn't appreciate automative engineering out of the context of fictionwhy limit yourself
This whole thread>implying
Aircooled 911 is an anime car too
t. American idiotYeah go watch your cartoons retard
watercooledno thanks
rx7 excellent choice man,don't listen to lambo faggots, I hope you'll make ithere is my dream car that Im gonna buy in 2019 if I make it
forces the woman to sit right by you
Thinking a 17 porsche 911 is watercooledLmao
4348580No one in here is a Lambo faggot you fucking idiotLearn to read
HOW THE FUCK IS AN AIRCOOLED 911 ANIME, DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY Mid Life Crisis 50-60s YEAR OLD MEN I GET TRYING TO BUY MY 911, I DOUBT ITS JUST an Anime thing.
If not, then what isn't an anime Porsche, 944?
928, 914, BOXSTER, CAYENNE?
WHAT IS IT MOTHERFUCKER ANSWER ME YOU SCARED SWOLLEN NOSED FAGGOT
ANSWERRR MEEEEE>inb4 t.triggered maniac
hours later, still no ariel atom, no Mclaren f1.stay irredeemable /biz
I drive a Hyundai Getz and am ok with it.
Reliable, low profile.
These are over 1 MLN these days, you need a net worth of at least 30 million to justify something like that.I'm with OP, second hand Porsche is thrifty, holds value and has better performance than Italian small penis cars.
explain more please
People already posted f1 and it's a bucket of shit you fucking moron
I am OP, but you're a fucking faggot with traits of a dumb cunt woman if you think a nice car means "small penis", it doesn't.
It just means you have no taste at all.
Also>ThriftyLmao shut up
4348773excuse me
HE IS A FAGGOT WHO CARES WHAT OTHERS THINK
kek
OP is a faggot