Price predictions for end of the year and Q1 2018?
Treefiddy
tweleven dollars
0.50
$1
This one seems trustworthy
EOY I'd probably expect $0.15 based on current eth price.
We're currently bouncing off the 61.8% fib line, assuming we punch through that we'll test old ATH.
That will depend on the news whether we break this then the next target will be 0.00025, 0.0003 and 0.00035 ($0.15) as they match up well with predicted fib lines and are easy mental numbers for sells.
EOY: 11 centsQ1 2018: 23 centsjust being realistic, this is not hitting $1 any time soon
$0 the whole point of crypto is cutting out the middle man aka "payment networks"
15 cents end of year50 cents by late 2018
Lmao.
This is my favourite.
It's like when I ignored OMG at $1 because I thought it was a memecoin called Oh My God.
You're doing exactly this nigger.
You're missing the big picture.
Crypto aint viable on big scales my nigga.
lucky for it, tho, is that its market is small anyways.
regualation is necessary my nigga and crypto is vulnerable to volatile pricing if its on an exchange
> people didn't understand the utility of smart contracts in 2015.
They didn't buy ethereum for $.> people don't understand the needs for business-to-business payment gateways, they don't buy request for < 10 centSTAY POOR BIZLETS
.16.24
This.This guy fucks.Request is joke, we need to cut out middle man not make new one.
He does not know how smart contracts work
Sold this steaming pile of dog shit for ETH.
you have no fucking clue about what Request Network is.
lol.
"Russian Hackers.
They are hacking you.
The mob, Putin, Stalin's ghost, Soviets, Chinese bureaucrats, are hacking your mind with propaganda and artificial crypto prices.,,,,,,"
Im acually pretty shure i understod wp better than you.
It disrupts only in fees and costs plus ads new features.
Token is retarded, roadmap is joke, you can do all of this request/audit shit whit real criptocurency and smart contract (like eth?
).Its oracle is centralised, its new worse middleman and you are poor pajet shilling this crap.Stay reqt
4537629So why hasn't the whole world and B2B moved to crypto then?The masses like middle men because they mean we no longer have to trust the party we're exchanging with.
If they try to scam us the middle man can step in and reverse payment.
We also like middle men because the current system is convenient.
If my friend wants $10 I'm going to give him $10 through paypal not fucking litecoin.
Even if litecoin was easy to withdraw the dickhead still has to figure how to get a wallet and what the random letters mean.
We're all agreed we don't want middle men.
Why?
Because even though they mitigate the risk with the transaction, they themselves are risky.
Trusted third parties aren't indisputably trustworthy.
They're also greedy and take a significant % of the transaction.
This is a small part of the problems REQ tackles.
It keeps the benefits of crypto whilst reintroducing the benefits the middle men afforded.
Trustworthy, low fee, able to mitigate transaction risk, convenience.
>TaxThe other benefits you have seemed to miss are being able to significantly simplify taxes whilst reducing likelihood of tax errors.
The government could be getting tax automatically from these businesses error free and more frequently.
Don't think I need to explain the benefits there for the gubbermint>SalarySpastics who can't manage their money also benefit.
Imagine no longer having to plan how much you spend over the next 27 days left of the month so you can pay that spate of bills?
Could be paid by the day/hour and your bills could be billed the same way.
Money would remain constant, no more fluctuating between $3500 and $0.
>ICOImagine when the ICO world realises if they use REQ to have people contribute they have to do significantly less legwork to reduce phishing scams.
KYC individuals get their request sent to them and they just fill it.
Easy.
No more trying to send to an address you're not even sure isn't a phishing scam.
Been holding these since ICO and got out last night.
A coin should not take this long to even go above the ICO price - the presalers that dumped on us have now just caused day trading below ICO, this will never moon.
this will never moon.you must be new to cryptoseven scams like confido mooned.
'shure'>'understod'>'ads new features'>'criptocurrency'>'you are poor pajet'HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA
you are clearly retarded if you dn't see the value of request network for businesses and normies.
You missed some>Acually>WihtAnd there are even more in it ;)
The presale meme is a meme.
The presalers didn't dump as hard like the leddit/4chan narrative is telling everyone.The project had some common red flags you look for in other projects, like no working product.
In the context of the team, previous moneytis progress, YC and ING backing should have led to investors feeling like it was less risky than the red flags suggested but it didn't.
Whether that was because they didn't look into it much more, or because they all listen to cryptonigger even though he is literally retarded, or because they know something I don't.
Thus the token went below ICO which, after the ICO run and then the fears of ICO winter, led to weak hands selling.
This then reinforced to everyone who never looked into the token properly that it's confirmed to be a shit project.
This token WILL moon.
It's guaranteed going no where and the team is as desperate as possible to outperform community expectations.
You're a legit retard if you sell now but better to get you to fuck off now than to stick around.
Plus, when this moons I don't want you thinking you're a genius for staying around.
Been in bitcoin since 2013, so no I'm not new.Confido mooned because no presales,very small marketcap and big hype.
This had too big a presale bonus, too many bag holders now due to them dumping and too much shilling these days, people have no faith in this coin.Investing the 13eth I cashed out last night into Wabi (ICO and purchase on etherdelta).
When you get slaped whit facts and turn your inner grammar nazi beacuase "muh logic".Req is digybite 2.0 cant you see?
AHAHAHAHAH WHAT A FUCKING IDIOT!
You just dumped the coin before the bi-weekly update!
Fucking weak hands... at least you should have waited until the end of the day today when the update is released and the pump is over!!!
!Fuck it... this coin is better without you!
Pump was over last night.
minutes.
the pump is right now
4538015>R-REQ will never moon guys>j-just buy this shitcoin insteadSucks to be you faggot.
What logic exactly?
He bring's literally zero contrusctive points - nothing to debunk with arguments or >muh logic And you are from the same species it seems like...you compare it with DGB???
What do they have in common, i guess the incoming x60 Pump will be the same.
When the next peak comes I expect to sell my holdings (cuurently worth 0.00123 BTC) ***WARNING WHALE DUMP INCOMING^^^
whoa dude pls don't crash the market
Dear kind sie and dr. whale!Could you be so kind and don't dump your bags?Sincerely anon
Moving to RDN