There is no need to believe me as this is the wrong place to do so.
However you might wanna Screenshot this post.TokenCard will get added to Bitfinex and Kraken in early 2018.They have a Partnership with Tether which is owned by Bitfinex and you will be able to spend Tether with TokenCard.TokenCard will launch in Europe (EEA) first and they need an exchange with EURO Fiat Pairs in order to be able to operate and process transactions.
This exchange is Kraken.How do I know it?
I have Insider Information.
TokenCard is actually a Whitelabel Cryptodebitcard and CryptoApp.
This means that they will not only issue branded Cryptodebitcards like for SingularDVT but also of Businesses like ETHFINEX with is owned by Bitfinex.Like always don't fall for Memes do you own research.
>insider information
trap
People talk, especially after a few beers.
people talk, especially after a few beers
>able to spend tetherEh no thanks faggot
why does the card have to look like such shit?
I'm out of Monaco due to their asset contract debacle, but I can't with good conscience use a card that ugly.
Scammers teaming up with scammers.
Just bought 100K
Is Monaco as comfy as it seems in movies?
Thats a early SingularDTV Design from SingularDTV and not final.
The attached image shows the plain TokenCard.
Whatever happened with USDT?
Im a little behind.
Wasnt it supposed to implode a few months ago?
Can you convert USDT holdings into 1:1 fiat cash yet?
Spending Tethers
Isnt SingularDTV basically supposed to be a decentralized Youtube?
Why would I need a debit card for those coins, out of all the coins out there?
Lets say you are content Provider or Artist and you dont want to speculate with Crypto but rather just Play Music/ Make Videos and get Paid.
You start with 0$ Fiat and people start Paying you in SNGLS.
Now you need a Way to pay your Rent or buy a Coffee with your earned SNGLS.It is the most Normiefriendly way to buy Stuff with Crypto.
Normies won't exchange SNGLS for BTC and then for Cash.
yeah this is what I mean.
It looks like something I'd give my kid to practice using a debit card with his toy cash register.
Absolute toys'r'us shit.
Why ruin a good concept with something so horrendous?
Also, the card in the OP is just slightly better.
How fucking hard is it to hire a graphic designer who isn't a complete pretentious cunt?
Look at Monaco's cards, they look like something I wouldn't get laughed at for paying with.
Now look at that thing.
Looks like something I need to put into my TV to get PPV.
Holy shit.
Their inhouse Designer used to work for the Chelsea Football Club.
They wanted something Hip, also appealing to Woman.
Turns out: No.
After the asset contract got removed, the token is just a more-elaborate-than-average ponzi scheme.
Agreed.
Just look at the history of their CEO.
Monaco is a Scam.
lol.
They got neither.
I asked my wife and she, too, said it looks like shit.
Maybe actually go by what looks good next time instead of some football club credentials kek.
People don't want a card that looks like a fucking toy, because that implies you're a fucking hipster child with your money instead of, you know, an adult.
You can have all the fundamentals in the world, but if the card looks like that, why the fuck would anyone join when every time they open their wallet, they get flustered and have to explain they are actually old enough to buy that beer.
I guess you will not like those screenshots aswell?
Im gay and i like them.
idgaf about the app... but if I'm gonna pay with a card, it better not look like it came with an easy bake oven.
Ah I see, thanks for the info.
That being said, I think a coin that bridges all crypto together automatically would make for a superior form of liquid currency, as opposed to everyone spending a different currency based upon different platforms/work/skills.
Sounds potentially very messy down the road.
If you were making money off of 10 different decentralized platforms you would essentially then need 10 different debit cards.
Well, as TokenCard will be a WhiteLabel Card there will be many Designs to choose from.
The Top10 ERC20 Coins will have their own Designs and will be spendable with TokenCard.
I am morrocan and I think the card looks nice