In a few years people will look back and laugh at how a group of idiots thought that a digital currency that didn't scale would still be worth 10 trillion marketcap because it was "digital gold" and a "store of value".
Screen cap this.
We already know bcash is hot garbage tho
4408020Still salty about those bags, huh?
In 10 years I'll give you .000001 dgb so you can recompense all your bch losses
BCH is the same tech as BTC but without segwit, 8mb blocks and a better difficulty adjusting algorithm.
If you think BCH is garbage then BTC has to also be garbage by extension.
If you think BCH is garbage then BTC has to also be garbage by extension.Seems about right
I bought at $500.
I made more profit than you have with bitcoin.
Good argument though
Im a normie and BCH is like some fake rip off shit for me.
Its like Pepsi compared to Coke.
Fuck BCH, i dont want it and wouldnt pay for it.
Only the original has worth, the tech details are not interesting for me.
This is why we are in a bubble and why a bear market is around the corner.
Oh well, I'll just put a million into cryptos once everything hits rock bottom and ride the next bull market.
You cucks will probably kill yourself when your precious BTC tanks.
Lol, assuming my profit, are you?Btw, it's only profit if you're able to sell it.. and if you're shit posting here, I'd wager you missed the train and bought at 2800..But yeah, post your dgb deposit so I can get you something that might actually be worth something some day
Why is Bitcoin Cash hot garbage?Besides "muh chink coin", "muh conspiracy" and "my pajeet computer can't download 8 MB in 10 minutes, therefore it's centralized!!!"
I just said I bought at $500 you pajeet.
During the same time I over doubled my money it would have been impossible for you to double yours on BTC.
Why are we in a bubble ?
You have any proof or legitimate arguments?
I hear this bubble shit since years now.
On the other hand there's a literal shitload of reasons why BTC is here to stay if you do your research.
Bear Market around the corner....yeah as if there's no risk at all.
There's always a bear market and a bull market around the corner.
What a fucking non argument.
Go kill yourself you illiterate fuck
Were in a bubble because people like you invest and say shit like >the tech details are not interesting for meICOs are raising 30million dollars off nothing more than a whitepaper and a website.
If you have ever created your own business you know how fucking ridiculous that is.Bitcoins marketcap is unjustifiable unless it can actually function as a currency.
Bubbles don't always pop immediately.
It can also balloon up for years.Anons here are just thinking that it's getting real close to popping now, is all.
Why does the original the only one that can be worth anything?
Bear Market around the corner....yeah as if there's no risk at allDo you know how many biztards think that bitcoin will just keeping going up and that its going to hit 100k by eoy 2018
He's still on myspace, and uses yahoo search.
I'm assuming you know what price will do 5 minutes from now.
No its not.
There are already coins that provide faster and better transactions than bitcoin and they are still worth nothing.
Jihan Wu and co. Forcefully hardforked the currency, premined, AND didn't submit a workable testnet.
It was a scam to make them money.
Bitcoin was doing just fine and the majority wanted to focus on other issues of higher priority than blocksize.
So fuck off with your shitty chink traitorcoin.
t. Desperate BCH Bag Holder
Bitcoin was doing just fine?
You know there are fewer businesses today using bitcoin than there were last year.
Where is your proof they premined it?
Those coins are worth nothing because they aren't called bitcoins.
At best, you have major alts that are commonly found on exchanges like litecoin and eth, and they're actually doing pretty alright considering.BCH is an actual competition, a supported fork.
It's also gaining acceptance everywhere.
If it was any other alt you'd be right.
This guy gets it
I've said multiple times now that I bought at $500.
None of you are even providing any kind of argument and just resulting in childish name calling.
I'm going to guess that the majority if you are wagecucks that have never done anything with your life but convinced yourself in this echo chamber that owning 0.1 BTC is going to make you a millionaire while you sit at home playing video games all day.Don't listen to me.
Lose money.
When the shit hits the fan I am going to post every single day about how fucking stupid you were.
t. Boomer
Childish namecalling>I’m going to guess that the majority if you are wagecucksNice consistency
Screen cap thisWhy?
Your post is like the default opinion of cryptocoins that every normie has.
Your post has no scarcity.
Therefore, it has no value.
This may be true, but historians may well view this emergence of encrypted transactions --though it may seem intolerably gradual to many on this board-- as having been fundamental to the expansion of personal freedom, whatever that may mean then
a digital currency that didn't scaleThis is a much bigger problem than people here seem to grasp.
The fact is Bitcoin has trouble doing more than 350k tx/day.
This isn't even enough to handle a small city of people doing just 1 tx/day...
They premined it now?How were they meant to predict the last block before the fork?Only way to "premine" BCH would be if you controlled more hashpower than the entire known network...
been hearing this shit for years.
stay poor faggot
no you haven't, btc actually worked a year ago
if you cant show me proof that core have no plans to scale im going to have to go with the proof they have for their scaling plans for bitcoin.
sorry cucks.
pajeet != normie
It's close to popping because people are realizing BTC is fucking useless compared to BCH
Literally called the Lightning Network and is scheduled to roll out in Q1 2018; widely available information if you just fucking google it.
Beecash shill bots are the most advanced psy-op I've seen since Shareblue.
the lightning network hasn't even been finished coding yet you fucking shilling fuck
4410130and once lightning network is available, what's to keep bcash from using it?
it will be open source and work on many other blockchains besides just bitcoin core.
I remember /g/ threads when btc jumped to 34$It was like apocalypse.
>mfw never bought any btc>never thought of holding oneStill remember people discussing mining and sharing BTC like loaf of bread.
Look what happened.
GREED.
FARMS....It's to much exponential.
what part of what i said has you so fucking confused you stupid fucking /pol/ tardyou cunts really are delusional.
implying anything "known" actually matters
Do you even understand why bcash forked?
Without segwit bcash has zero scaling options aside from increasing blocksize which core can easily do.
Stupid shit.
do you even know how a blockchain works?