This is starting to look good....
>Litecoin
It's about to blast off to the moon, 8b market cap by the end of the weekend.
why is this shit mooning
Bitcoin silver.
Once BCH is finished Litecoin will take its rightful position as second in command.
why is this shit mooningbecause by all means it is better then bch
Because it deserved it
This 1000x.
It makes zero sense for BTH to have a market cap of 25 billion dollars when it basically serves the purpose of LTC, but LTC uses a different algo as to not disrupt BTC, and has much better tech as well as being old enough to be on all the important exchanges.
Realistically I can see LTC going to 5b+ the next time it has a proper pump though.
It is long overdue, but the war between BTC and BTH has delayed it.
Depends on whether the war resumes this weekend or not.
Litecoin will take its rightful position as second in commandDeluded litefags have said this ever since litecoin's creation.
It's a retarded shitcoin made by butthurt miners who were sad they didn't get in on bitcoin
reckon there's time to get in?
Looks like i've already missed the last flight.
Yeah fuck imagine if you got into BTC as late as 2011 :(
Honestly it depends on whether or not this is a real pump.
Just look at LTC's history during these events.
If it shows a similar pattern to the past, you can expect steady gains over the next 2-3 days (likely going to 5b+).
Of course it could just be a fake pump though, who knows really.
Trade this one up folks.
$100 by January.
It only rose like 4% so far, if this is a legit pump it's not too late to get in (imho)
It's a retarded shitcoin made by butthurt miners who were sad they didn't get in on bitcoinyou just described bch
Excellent point.
It should also be noted that LTC is designed to compliment BTC, whilst BTH is designed to... ?
KEK
This.
safe haven from all the spited segwit2 jews who upon failing ran to BCH for the Dragon Scam.You know it will fail as it was designed to fail and only made to pinch the BCH/BTC exchange ratio so they can grab coin from freaked normies.
how true is this at this point?
ATH in transactions, people taking notice of it.
what's this piece of shit it's hurting my eyes
Everyone used to laugh at Litecon back in the days.
Now that BTC can‘t scale people think this coin has any use
go to the btc-e website now.
its domain been seized by feds lol
That's like over a year old now c'mon man.
LTC is currently #6 in volume for the past 24 hours which exactly matches its market cap position (in the past at times it has rivaled BTC in volume during its pumps).
Does it make sense to buy LTC or to just keep putting money in BTC?
I have zero LTC right now.The one thing that’s appealing about LTC is that it’s on Coinbase so the normies might buy into it because it’s easy and cheap compared to BTC.
buy ltc for slower and safer profit
I’m going pick some up for sure.
I could see it getting up to a few hundred bucks in a year or two.
LTC will definitely go up as long as BTC and the market doesn't go away, the main question is whether or not it will out perform Bitcoin from this point.
Outside of pumps, in the short term I don't think it will, but long term it may.
LTC held like a champ through the shitshow that were the last 2 months.
It deserves a vote of buyers' confidence for sure.
yep!
Litecoin will ALWAYS be Bitcoins sidekick
Just yesterday I thought about buying $2K worth of LTC.
Oh well.For now I only have 3 LTC.
I know this feel.
I was gonna buy BTH yest at 0.143, went and made dinner, came back and it was at 1.6.
.16 obviously.
look at this graph https://i.imgur.com/DLKuXtr.pngmajority of transactions are taking place with ETH....I hold litecoins and love the coin....it is greatI trust it will moon to $100 and beyond in 2018 .... but keep an eye out for ETH XMR XRP.... KOMOO OMGVTC in 2k18
Once lightning network and atomic swaps are live I expect a huge rise in LTC (silver) and VTC (bronze) transactions.
Bitcoin could be compared as a savings account, LTC and VTC as money to spend.
Would not be bad at all to see BTC at $10000, LTC at $100 and VTC at $10.
Looks like we're breaking through resistance, let's see what's happening