GVT IS GOING TO 2X TONIGHTWILL 2X AGAIN ON BINANCE NEWS.CONFIRMED LISTING ON 3 EXCHANGESHIT BTCBINANCEPOSSIBLY BITTREX(team said they are in talks with binance and bittrex)HEARD IT HERE FIRST NIG NOGShttps://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETH
filled my bags already
gj anon i bought 3000 at .0055 and just doubled down at .008
Why exactly?
binance listing+ 1 other.
most likely not bittrex but certainly possiblevery hyped atmvolume increasing, price keeps going up.solid team/whitepaperbetter than blackmoon and half the market cap
43850063M circulating supplyBurned all unsold tokens
Too bad previous thread were spammed by fudders saying it's a scam few hours ago when the price was cheap.Anyway I know how that board works now so I didn't fall for this and filled my bag @0,006It's still cheap, and 0,0085 wall is melting like ice on sun.
mooning as we speak
Lars about to go full 14/88 there
FUCKING MOONING GET IN HERE
what was the price of gvt at ico?
$1can go to $5~$10 depending on exchange news.
expect binance within a day
Hmmm.
Seems I set my price too conservatively.
Made about 80% on this and HST this evening though so still feeling pretty good.
Might make it a thing to chuck a few eth on /biz/ moon missions each night and set sell walls conservatively.
This tactic work for anyone?
just broke 0.01 sell wall
When is too late to get in on this?
I get home in like 30 min then have to make dinner
gotta feel out they hype for these etherdelta shit coins, not too hard to discover themUFR HST CFD ARN BPCT
i think it was less than $1... it's currently at 10 million market cap?
i dont see it doing more
going to .0015 i think
I'm all fucking in OP
i likewish i had the balls
not HATonly $875k cap with an impressive strong community for such short time
GET THE FUCK IN HERE THIS IS GOING TO 5 DOLLARS TONIGHT
What's the circulating supply?
about 3 Million
Why do you think this is going on binance?
The market cap is already 9million and it's a shit coin.
Give reasons
team said they are talking to binance and bittrexconfirmed being listed on 3 exchanges this monthbinance is listing all the hype etherdelta coins
Correct me if I'm wrong - but this looks like a dividend coin.
You get money back from investing it into a fund manager's ICO?If so, no Bittrex
4386105So it's a security?
If yes, the zero chance on Bittrex
And if I can recall, Binance is not touching dividend coins either right now.So no Binance.
I could see Kucoin picking this up (lol).
Maybe HitBTC.... but just like Confido they are going to have a hard time
is my shit safe on etherdelta or should I transfer to mew?
did I get meme'd I bought at .011
Maybe.
I got meme'd last night on Emphy.
But it had 1/6th the trading volume.Another requirement to get on Binance is a working prototype.
Should join the telegram and ask about that...I would move the funds off Etherdelta if you're Holding tonight.
MEW works great
Another way to diagnose how nice an Etherdelta shitcoin is, is by looking at the sell orders.Scroll up.
If you see a bunch of sell orders in a very narrow range, and no super high orders that's bad.
With Confido, there were orders that were super high up and a nice distribution....
Ditto.
Bought in at .32, so not too bad.
However, meme'd nonetheless.
Hoping that exchange news comes out in the next two days so it can pump.
Gvt passed the howy test and ico was open to us citizens socthis is not a security.
Ceo of changelly is an adviser...expect binance soon this month and bittrex hopefully nezt month or sooner
No way.
This shit is tanking.
Lol
Fuck I know fuck this bullshit coin I bought at the high of .011
Binance is 90% gunateed based on volume and ceo of Changelly is an adviser with connections
this
get in while it's under .0085 and set a sett limit at .01 EZ