https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=GVT_ETHBefore official announcement.
Link is already active, although deposit/withdrawal not active yet.Get yours on EtherDelta before it moons further.PS: Already active in KuCoin too.
Nice call
Deposits and trading are now active for GVT on Binancehttps://support.binance.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002791572
What's the benefit of this coin?
It'll make you money if you buy it now and sell it later today.
How much higher do you guys expect it to go?
I think It's sitting someone around 12m market cap, could sit somewhere around 20m~But I just pulled that out of my ass so take it with a grain of salt
All these new projects suddenly appearing.
Definition of a bubble.
First it was the ICO's and now it's the low market cap projects.
Do your own research.
The ONLY coin that didn't drop was Confido.
Everything else, dropped dramatically.
Talking about HST, AERON, Nuls, Dcorp and many others which I can't remember.
So you and your ass recommend selling high or saving long term?
Not that guys ass, but I'm selling high on this one.This could end up being a good long term coin, but it's going to dump hard, I guarantee it.As to when it dumps, I'm not sure.
I have sells at .0175 and .0198 GVT/ETH, but with how it's been moving I might move those up.
I wouldn't trust it going much higher than that though.
My ass here, selling high too.
Probably gonna dump hard like you say
You think HST is dead for good?
So you fully expect it to reach .0175?
All previous "low market cap EtherDelta gems" so far point to it at least reaching that.However, I'm watching it like a hawk in case it slows down and starts to dump to be prepare to pull it and sell lower to secure profit before I become a bag holder of this shit.
Well, seems to be gong down already, I'm new to all this but does it usually flux like this before reaching it's high or is this an indication of it already crashing?
It just opened for trading on Binance and KuCoin.
Generally it will initially dump when it first comes onto a bigger exchange from EtherDelta.
If it doesn't stop within the next hour or two I'll probably be looking to exit.
Alright, thanks for the input!
Fucking shitexchanges can these Binance and Kucoin fuck off?
Just give me Bittrex
already getting shit on by binance LUL
to the moon
Buttrex with it's constant "Socket disconnected" has been garbage lately.
pump over?
Confirmed peak reversal at .01eth, get out while you can.
Dump incoming.
why are withdrawals pendingand shut the fuck up high buying over .01 eth go do some reading
Don't know what TA bullshit this guy is speaking about.
But, I agree with it.But, I've been watching GVT all night, and it doesn't look like it's going to recover from the Binance listing dump.
Gonna be looking for an exit within the next half hour to an hour.
Price is still better on ED (and has been) at the moment, so I wouldn't move to Binance anytime soon if you were considering that for some reason.
i already did dammitBut binance started the pump as I write this
Yeah, I noticed it as I was typing that, which is why I'm still giving it a little more time.I'm hoping it lasts as I'm not near my exit point I wanted to be, but I'm not expecting it to.
Also the trade history is not showing
Get in guys before it pumps
dumping like rocket ship without fuel.Aby prognosis for nearest future price?