These guys are literally feeding you second hand bullshit "leaks" so they can get a product up and running to funnel money away from random guys.
The person who answers the email for premium chat access is a teenager.
They also have ties with a website to do pump and dumps and funnel the info right after they take positions in their 5k plus member group.
You guys have been memed this whole time.
Fuck Confidential Matrix
Literally any other pick besides a top 10 coin would be a easy 10x pretty sure dash paid them a fuck load to shill their shit coin
Its not just that, they are trying to make a website, trying to compete against Palm Beach, they are ran by ppl in their 20s and they write up bullshit posts as professionally as they can too dupe ppl into buying there shit so it pumps in the way of saying its "trading"
I was once, but they change there telegram code to the real group they plan their shit in every day.
Just believe me they produce bullshit calls and spread it around the web to get ppl to pump in.
They did storj real well.
Spread the word.
t.me/ConfidentialMatrix is bullshit.
Please clarify for me.
Am I understanding that there is something called Confidential Matix that is faking Palm Beach Confidential leaks?
but storj up to a dollar ended up being the call
The name matrix is a front.
they dont fake the reports however what they do is sometimes they put up calls that are bought before hand and then disseminated to their following to pump up the price, they also coordinate with other groups too.
It wasn't a real call.
It was fake.
The actual call was DASH.
Bingo, Spread the word, they also are trying to shill a premium telegram chat and also will have a website and listing of a company for their bullshit.
There whole thing is built on bullshit just to sucker in thousands of ppl at this point.
Thanks.
Are they implying that they are actually associated with PBC?
I am only asking because of OPs photo of the PBC logo.
Yes, they try to in a sense but they are actually planning to create a legit platform to compete against them saying they are better, its all a facade.
These guys are egotistical cock heads
Your on the right track, these guys are involved big time, im fixing to delete this thread.
Spread the word.
One last thing, they are recruiting "valuable" members for their operations from graphic designers to designated shill teams who shill on here, twitter, slack etc.
They coordinate with other pump groups to get the credit in the end to legitimize their selves.
Not that I am a fan of PBC, but you might want to use the email contact on their website to provide as much information as you can to them.
What did they do to your portfolio?
If you are in the US you can send a report to the SEC and FBI.
You can do this anonymously if you want to.
If they are committing fraud or representing themselves as an investment group without the proper legalese they will find them.
Oh i will once they have there so called website up and running.
Also if they are using anything from PBC, PBC can go after them for copyright infringement.
How is this different from the hundreds of pump and dump groups/signal groups/whale groups and etc etc?Why the specific target on this one?
Great work.
I don't personally know anything about this group except the fake PBC reports they have posted here.
This would be different if they create a website and also if they produce false documents implying they are related to PBC.
Also to do something like this publicly, they need to be a registered business.
There is more, but basically presenting themselves a business requires them to jump through a bunch of legal hoops if they operate in the US.
horseshit.
all they did was post RUMORS of which they never claimed they were real and most likely well made fakes.
I think of the pump and dump groups, etc.
as more of a club.
Not that I necessarily approve of what they do, but they are not representing themselves as a business.
If they are the group that pumped Storj, they produced false documents using doctored PBC material that infringes on US copyright laws.Also they are impersonating an actual business.
I know them.
If someone here lost money, please explain exactly how their advice caused you to lose money (what advice, what token, what happened), and I'll talk to them about improving their systems so people following their posts don't get burned.If you're not willing to explain what happened, they don't have any info to help them improve, and this thread is just about whining about making a bad trade.
Ball is in your court.
Maybe stop falling for every pajeet PnD you can find
I didn't lose money and I don't know them, but every fake document using the PBC logo, doctored original materials that are protected under US copyright laws will regret having done so.
Let me guess, your one of them from the group trying to downplay the damn falling out of what you guys are setting up.
Do you think Teeka dont buy his own calls?
Teeka has to pump somethingPure augury to speculate that dash will dominate the legal pot industry
This has nothing to do with the thread.
We are talking about people producing fake documents that are protected under US copyright laws and using them to defraud people.
Also a group that is operating as a business using another business's identity to attract people who are paying them without being a properly registered business.
It is FRAUD.
All I'm seeing is "Palm Beach Leaks".
So they're openly sharing what the community found or has.
No ownership or money made.
I don´t get the saltiness.
We are talking about a group representing themselves as related to the real PBC in order to defraud people.
They are also breaking US copyright laws by doctoring original material.
Additionally if they can prove it has harmed their business in any way by impersonating them, PBC can sue them directly.
If PBC really cared they would release their tips as a double blind smart contract with time execution protocol ensuring only account holders get privileged info
I never saw anything where they were representing themselves as PBC.
From what I've seen they're like an outlaw group that is providing PBC info to the masses that can't afford $3000 / year.Still maybe illegal, but not pretending to be something they aren't.
I see someone is mad.
Everyone is leaking pbc calls, just check 4chan, telegram twitter..
Spreading rumours and making fakes.
I guess you lost money that's all, but remember, you are the guy who made the pajeet move.
They aren't leaks.
They actually produce false documents.
Read an actual report from PBC.
All of their material is protected by copyright laws.
Also they have made it clear that they will be using every legal avenue to prosecute leakers who are falsifying their material.
We have dozens of groups every day representing themselves as PBC and acting like they're the real entity and forging fake documents.
What else is new?Did this group hurt you to cause this grudge?
Why can't PBC is their gains, how a solidity developer, execute their tips as time sensitive smart contracts?Because who the fuck caresI enjoy the predictable market chaos
From what i've seen they haven't produced any fake docs.
If someone has a link to prove otherwise I'm all ears
If they were behind the Storj "leak" there was a fake document posted.
The spreadsheet?
That didnt claim to be from PBC.
Or something else?
No I saw and actual fake doc.
If it wasn't this group, nothing to worry about.
just sent some information to that dvd on telegram, got a nice chunk of btc for my leaked logs.. hopefully we'll kill this fucking pajeet pumpers
>russian neet vs a bunch of pajeet PnDSee, now this is interesting.
Who will win in the end?
sent ;)
Can confirm its true.
The kid's name is Josh/Jom.
He is 16 years old.
Usually hangs out in @ultimatecryptoextreme or the @bittrexcnd Telegram channels.
Found his new telegram username: @Josuemus