I'll chart some stuff for you guys if you'd like.
Let's go with one coin per post.
ETP
XRP
xmr
This looks good.
Nice break from second downtrend with uptrend forming.
Watch for drops below the red lines, but could see gains to the green lines soon.
Choose which green target based on how lucky you feel.
It actually doesn't look that bad, but I'd probably wait for sub .20 cents.
If you are holding this, pay attention to what happens in the next few weeks.
If you can break the top-most red horizontal line, you may see some nice gains.
IOTA
LOL.
Do BTC.
Pink Wojacks incoming.
xlm, it broke out today somewhat.
I am concerned it didnt go strong enough, i am bought around 490. wondering if i should sell now for a better posistion.
VTC me up brah
 day candles look pretty nice.
It's trying to break the overall downtrend.
You may see a dip below the dotted green uptrend before that happens, though.
I'd look to catch this on that dip.
REQ
lmao what shitty TA
you should do xlm to prove that trip
do dgb
eth my friend, please
VTC me up brahshow OP who's the real TA fag
Is POWR ever going to make a recovery?
If that’s not interesting, I’m curious about ETH atm
Looks like it missed an opportunity for a big breakout.
I'd probably hold off on this one, but you can make some short-term gains buying in at the end of this current dip.
SONM
Aw snap, you just hurt my feelings right up, man.
TA doesn't have to look fancy to be accurate.
I drew this VIB chart on the 22nd.
Made a good gain from it today.
XLM, literally a no brainerGuppy silver = massive move coming in this case most likely a trend reversal.
Do QSP
Do DOGE
Funfair plox
OMG, pretty please?
:3
MTLWant to see how good you are and what conclusion you reach
I'm Flood and I'm a gaylord.
ETH
I just put all that extra shit on this one to be a douche about it.
BTC has to come back to Will Smith's Earf at some point, right?
That being said, I didn't see the recent 8k spike coming, and I for sure didn't think it would have held this nicely once it got there.
I say next dip ends at $6,378, and it'll hit us just in time for Crimmus.
thanks, was trying to find a good price target to accumulate more.
What's your buy-in target?
I saw this one before I scrolled up to see what was next.
I'm in MTL right now.
Was in on the 18th (I think), sold on the 20th for a nice gain, moved out of VTC to get into it when I saw the volume increasing on it tonight.
I will chart it soon, but the 1 day candle chart is about all you need to see on this one.
No real need to add lines to it.
I'd just kind of watch it on this down turn.
I'd try for ~189, ~182, ~176 depending on momentum shifts.
If it goes lower than that, I'd want to see it bounce off of 170 before I trusted it again.
I already had this one, so I figured I'd post it.
This one is paired with USD, though.
I think this is about to go nuts.
I bought in at 48 prior to selling it for MTL tonight.
I'm hoping to get back in around that same area.
Here's my take on XLM.
I usually buy a coin, make a gain, and move on to the next, but this one looks like a legit long-term hold for a solid gain over time.
I say January you could sell around 1500 or March ~1800.
The alternate, less ambitious sell points for those months are 665 and 816, so either way your 490 buy in should be all good.
You could keep holding this for even larger gains.
This is one you'd just ignore the dips and only look at 1 day candles.
BCH
it would make more sense to analyze USD/XMR, considering its real-world use in darknet markets.
SALT or BAT
4534682lol, do you not see the obvious cup starting to form a handle?
no way is it going to hit down to 182, i'm looking to take a position starting 185, I think 182 would be the very bottom, and below 180, basically out of the question in the short term
Do RBY then a backflip faggot
this
man, you're really moving your profit targets around, why is that?
are you just basing it off of the fib?if we get past the resistance in 550 sat range and hit breakout, I have profit targets at 820 and 960 based on past resistance levels.although it looks like it'll be rough and we'll have the move up in waves unless something is announced, we have massive sell pressure and resistance at 550 to 570. also, we have completely retraced form the move up 3 days ago, talk about turbulence, it's making me impatient for more news to absolutely wreck the resistance levels
4535332also, do you think ETH is going to take one last dip around the 350 range before the massive breakout?usd 1d chart that is
Do LTC plz
Do NULS?
Actually, can I change my request to this?
do this
4534553d for FUN
666do fun
Woah, ease up Satan.
4535710
I still feel like we're going to see ~125 before the next huge gain, but I've just been really wrong about this one.
I even missed the recent one at 115, and that was pretty obvious.
The dip that's happening right now looks pretty legit.
I'm not sure if I trust it to break 22 again, but it's coming up on a really nice buy in point if you disagree with me.
BNB
>mwf FUN still hasn't been TA'd
You know what that meansssssssssssssss
I need a new poolhouse
i need a new everythingi personally think its about to blow up
I'm not sure why, but I haven't looked at FUN until now.
It looks really good.
I'd probably try to be greedy and buy it on the wick under 245, but it looks like this has real gain potential, but I'd probably sell at 430.
Good TA.
Glad to have let you know about it.
I'm in at like 300 but fuck it yolo
DNA on ed.
4535938

4535988pls do BNB anon
POWR PLEASE
This one is from a few days ago, but I figured it would still work.
I got in around 3k, sold around 8k and missed the most recent gain.
I'm looking to buy back in, but I'm hesitant to give a buy point.
You could prob buy now and sell at 10k for a small gain, but this could start breaking through my red lines in a short amount of time.
seconded
It doesn't look like Tradingview has BNB, but just eyeballing it on CoinMarketCap, it doesn't look like it has broken out of the overall downtrend yet.
It's getting really close, though.
I'd expect to see gains similar to what GRS had recently.
FCT plz
A list of everything that was done:ETP XRP XMR IOTA BTC VTC XLM BCH FUN POWR 
profits are partly from my own script, but I just centered them around fibs for ez understanding
God bless and happy thanksgiving
You guys have picked some really good ones.
I'm not usually this bullish with my TA.
FCT has just recently broken its downtrend, so I'd want it to stabilize around 273k before I went in.
If it can maintain the small uptrend that's it on, or hold a steady price for a few days, it looks like them gains are about to happen.
Thank you!
I hope everyone is able to quit their jobs in a way that will later make you hate yourself when you think of it.
I'm going to get some sleep, but I'll be doing this again soon.
I'll post updates to every chart I did, and we'll just keep it going from there.