Jihan wants to replace btc as a payment method with bch and btc as a store of value with btg.Both are Chinese projects right?
Both forked btc successfully right?Tell me why do you think I'm wrong,
Because BTG is complete fucking trash
Could say the same about bch when it was first launched.It's following the same pattern as bch so far check the chart.
and btc as a store of value with btg.What?
When did he ever say that?
He didn't but looks pretty obvious
Legit replies only please.
What is the future of BTG?
5.2 showed up in my Bittrex wallet completely unnanounced (I maybe check less than once a month).
Looking at BCH chart, wow, gained some serious value!
Never thought a fork would be valued that high.
And now we have BTG?
What for?
Can we safely assume that BTG will see the same type of trading activity?
You guys have always been my info center.
Thanks in advance.
I would hold.
Seems to be stuck at 0.03 which is not bad for a coin that was released just now.Check bchs chart and compare.
This shit might 10x by mid December if jihan succeeds.
No it doesn't.
What the fuck.
Idk anon, but I feel like you can't lose money on these fork coins unless you buy at the top.
It does share Bitcoins name after all.
Nobody thought BCH would amount to anything and it hit 2400 for fucks sake.
I'm holding onto 10 BTG just in case.
if it went 10x that would be fucking awesome but we really don't know.
No one can see the future.
Hold a bit and see.
If you don't know how BCH got to its current value, then you are really out of the loop.> big miners with substantial BTC holdings frustrated that their profits are dropping due to competitors setting up shop, increasing mining difficulty> closed door private meeting with other fatcats aka the New York Agreement instead of going through the consensus-based Bitcoin Improvement Proposal> try to set themselves up to manufacture an advantage for themselves by forcing a hard fork aka segwit 2x by holding hashing power hostage> a week before they were supposed to push their hard fork out, they realised they were losing support from miners and exchanges who were initially in favor of the fork, so they pulled up a contingency plan and cancelled the fork> while opponents of the segwit 2x celebrated, the miners were slowly buying up BCH as the vehicle for their revenge for not getting their way, the product of a successful hard fork not very long ago> when they were set, they started changing their huge reserves of BTC to BCH, to drive up the price of BCH, while flooding the BTC pool with many small transactions to cause a huge backlog of transactions (in practical terms, DDOSing) and switching their miners to mine BCH, further causing the transactions to pile up and transaction costs to skyrocket> just as planned, BTC falls significantly in the span of a few hours, while BCH shoots up from obscurity to overtake ETH, going up to a high of $2400 while BTC drops like a rock> people panic, and start blindly trading BTC for BCH, falling into the trap that is BCH> the big miners and manipulators start dumping BCH and exchanging it for all that sweet sweet BTC that's now very very cheap, likely doubling their considerable BTC holdings at the expense of all the weak hands who panicked> predictably, BCH drops like a rock, and the manipulators simply switch back to mining BTC again, leaving lots of bag holders clutching their now devalued BCH.