Let me give you JUST'd retards some advice.When a coin has a double digit positive% on CMC, dont fucking buy it.
What goes up must come down.
I can fucking promise you, you wont regret waiting 24-48 hours.
This early in the game the best predictors for gains is getting added to new exchanges, if you favorite coin is already listed on everything but bittrex (and you know its too shitty to ever get added) sell that shit.6 months to a year after release if when you will want to ride gains that come from the actual product progression, news and partnerships.
You guys hold all the wrong coins and sell the right coins too fast when it doesnt moon after 1 day.When I read all these JUST'd stories, I genuinely hope they are all LARPs.
If not, you are a fucking moron and deserve poverty.
So what are the right coins in your opinino to hodl?
*holds req and link titght*
What's your opinion on elixir?
itt: brainlets who think some SAGE advice from a random biztard counts as financial advice and ask him questions about coin choices.
IMO, only hold coins that have shown a substantial moon before.
REQ and LINK have not shown that yet, I wouldnt waste my money sitting around in there unless they have proven themselves.
(OMG)However, if you are trying to PnD, just sit coins that are ED only, or even better, coins that arent officially on CMC or ED.
Buy and hold until you see them on at least binance, easy money.
(do research to make sure the team has submitted or is working on submitting their project to CMC and other exchanges) aka HST and ASTRO
It's a scam, just read their page and whitepaper.No actual details about how the incentives will line up for both parties.
No collateral, no thing.
A lot of talk about what he wants to achieve but nothing about how it will be done.
However, it does have a convoluted "free money" scheme with a "parent-child account system" (both being owned by the same person).
This is a classic way to lure in gullible but greedy people.It's screaming scam.
its double green on CMC so wait and see.its better to wait and see then to gamble and lose.
However, its still on shit exchanges, so once you see it go double red, buy and wait for exchange news.
(make sure the devs are working towards this)
Thanks for the tips anon.
What market is ED?
Holy shit, a rational OP.
Haven't come across one of these in a while.What does your Blockfolio look like OP?
Etherdelta
Opinion on ark
4437496wow you are a wizard
buy coins that have already moonedyeah okayI wanna make money here anon
At this moment?Im playing big on two coins.
ASTRO and HST.I am betting new exchange this week, if not monday.
My only long terms are BTC(minor stake), BCH(minor stake) ETH(major stake) OMG(major stake) I sell a lot.
REQ will be big one day, but I wont consider it long term hold until its first MOON
You already bought into those two coins?
They are dropping though?
Shouldn't you wait?
Bought HST last sat.
sold on monday.Bought astro tues, sold thursday.Bought both back when they hit double reds, now waiting for monday.
So you just sell every time it hits a new market?
And then rebuy once it bottoms out a bit?
Swing trading is the only predicable element of the alt market.
IMO One day that will change but for now its easy to predict.
The biggest issue is getting orders through when ED is the only exchange and sometimes volume is low
Thanks dude you might have just made me rich.
Also would it be a good idea to shill the coins on reddit etc once they reach a few markets?
good thread op
BCH (minor)OP confirmed faggot.
I'm curious, how did omisego "prove" anything yet?
In my experience, people dont listen to shills at all on reddit.
They are too conservative.
Everything I learned about pre-CMC and ED is from /biz/.
Just be careful of shills here, so many people are trying to get you to buy into pumps.
DONT.
There are still genuine posters out there
My confidence with OMG is purely sentimental, but just by having some decent backing is more than most of these coins.OMG was my second best moon.
1.50 to 11
Well they took a picture in front of a big company logo, THEREFORE it means they have partnered with that organization> PARTNERSHIP CONFIRMED
Probably kept the coins after the fork as a hedge, family.
Whats your advice on LINK?Also please help me I have no money1DKkB3GLksEhRnZbG7jJ6ryNM5KtsiiFJx
/biz/ will defend believing this and insult if you ask for more substantial proof