Tesla AU will partner with Power Ledger.
They are already partnered with Origin Energy.You are an absolute fool if you don't invest in this coin.
>a shill post on /biz/Thanks OP, I'll know to avoid it now.
So, do u guys think his truck announcement will live up to the hype?I say no
where do i buy?
No they wont you fucking retard, they had an interview recently where this question was popped and they said the hype was GREATLY over exaggerated.
Not only tat but how in the flying fuck do they expect to transmit this power without infrastructure, and how the fuck do they plan on sleling the destruciton of tens of thousands of middle class jobs to the government(s).
It just wont fucking happen.
This is like solar fucking roadways 2.0.
Except this time its a team of fucking yids pushing this filth onto us.
I'm in this coin with 30k.Please invest in Powr coin for your own sake.When it moons 15x, I want you to remember this post.
For good or bad.
Power Ledger is currently partnered with Origin Energy, AU's largest energy provider which also operates in NZ and India>Powr uses Origins energy infrastructure>The power ledger confirmed to work with Tesla home batteries>Co-founder is lord deputy mayor of Perth, Western AU's capital>working product, being implemented in Australia as we speakThere has never been a better investment opportunity in crypto.
Listed on bittrex two days ago.Don't kick yourself in 3 weeks.
The power ledger confirmed to work with Tesla home batteriesThere is NO way you can trade fucking power wit this.
get that through your fucking head.
In AU (if it takes control over distribution) this would matter, but everywhere else, its just cant happen.
Fuck off with your shit coin.
It;ll stay at its currnt market cap and never fucking move.
Everything being shilled on biz is a guaranteed loss.
You seem angry.
Did you miss omg and antshares as well then?
Both were shilled on biz, along with ethereum.
And yes, power ledger allows you to buy and sell energy, and is confirmed to work with tesla home batteries.
They use origin's network.
Visit their website and find out for yourself if you don't believe me.
you sound like you had a traumatic JUST experience in your life
He must have bought DGB at 2700 sats.