Ive been trying to tell you retards all week.
But looks like you missing the moon mission to $600.
Faggots.
I bought 1000 at 366 yesterday to buy powr.
But then I didn't buy powr.
My only regret is not putting more money into it now.
I wish 3600 in my bank account and 1000 in crypto.
I think that's safe.
I can slowly buy more during the dips.
Think I won't fuck around with shit coins and just buy btc and eth dips
nah it can barely break 400$
Don't forget XMR
its at 405
When should I throw 500 to 1000 more at eth?
LTC is going to $600 this week too.
ETH will be 50k one day easily.
EASILY.
I have 2700 dollars in the bank.
1000 in eth.
I get payed 1700 on 1st so that takes care of bills.
Should I put 1000 more in eth rn?
its a nice thought.
i need it to go to 15k to be a millionaire.
but dont see how it will get there.
too many people will have soros money at even 5,000
Well I'll tell you to not buy high but you'll probably do it anyways
>MFW went all into SUB and ETH last weekI dont even know what to do with myself this is absolutely beautiful.
Best thanksgiving ever
bitcoiners on suicide watch
Oh no what will I do with my 900% gains
divert them to ETH before its too late, I hopethe end is nigh for maximalist retards who can't see how shitty their coin is
I'm diversified because I like steady gains.Anyone who doesn't have at least 60% of their crypto money in BTC and ETH at all times doesn't deserve money, baka desu senpai
Months ago I missed the dip to $200 because it was my birthday and I didn't want to worry about crypto.Now I've been waiting months for a buy in opportunity but can never seem to pull the trigger.
HOW FAR WILL IT GO
should I buy ATH?
oh I'm diversified and do hold BTC, just thought you were a no-brain buttcoiner who actually believes the coin isn't trash
I just fomo'd the 0.12 I had on polo
4521965okay then when do I sell, already transferring my eth to gdax and getting ready to sell for usd
ETH bitcoin value is still very cheap compared its ATH
should I transfer to fiat and get fucked by uncle sam instead of transferring to another crypto?
selling the best crypto there is when it finally launches to spaceenjoy buying back in at 500
No shit, BTC went up like 4x since the last ETH ATH.
ATH in terms of BTC is meaningless, do you talk about apple shares ATH in terms of google shares?
4522188fine i won't sell...but now im worried.
I transferred from bittrex to gdax and it says complete on bittrex but nothing is showing on gdax
Don't invest until you have an emergency fund of at least a couple of months worth of expenses you retard.
You don't want to be forced to sell underwater because you need a new washing machine or some bullshit.
4522288I sent.
1200 worth of eth from my bittrex to gdax account.
it says complete on bittrex.
and NOTHING on gdax.
WTF iIS THIS BULLSHIT
Calm down, GDAX requires 50 confirmations.
Check your transaction on etherscan and you can see you confirmations.
Hmm...I recently did a deposit to GDAX as well.Over 50 confirmations and nothing has showed up.
I'm a bit nervous.
Shit, nothing shows up on my transfers on GDAX... where did I send my ETH?
XMR
bought last night at pretty much the bottom of the dipcouldn't be comfier
just be patient man
But nothing shows up as pending.
I'm so used to bittrex
4522574Deposits seem to take a while now, not that surprised but holy shit was I nervous.
this is the time to buy dogecoin.check'em
You can't trade apple shares in google shares, what kind of retarded logic are you using?
Do you even make money?
Lol it'll be 500+ by December.
600 January.
And i think that's being conservative.
Dip when?Poor anon wants t give his 20eur into this shit
buy bitshares, much better investment of your money.
I have already invested 60 eur: 20 into lumens, 20 into iota, and 20 into power ledgerbut I want something that seems stable and already established (or is bitcoin better?)
i smell that ETH bullrun has startedETH is dumped so much this year compared with many other altcoins and Bitcoin, so ETH has lots of room to growth.So, looks like now its time to ETH shine.ETH is solid second altcoin after Bitcoin and ETH is some much behind compared to BTC growth this year, so wouldn be suprised $ 1000 ETH
ETH/BTC used to be 0.18.
It's not gonna get that high again, but if it even gets to half that (0.09), 1 ETH will be $738.
Seems realistic, honestly.
4523094Agreed.
I've thought for months that Eth has been way under priced.
I've been holding for awhile.
this
having 1/3 of your net worth in this crapholy moly i hope eth attempts another hard fork n goes to 0 you deserve it
People like you fascinate me.
At what point will you realize that cryptocurrencies are the future of value transfer/holdings?
Will it be when BTC is at $10k?
That's coming up pretty soon.