welp Tether just tanked the entire markethope you're happy
O YES!!!
THE DIP
my nipples are hard as armor piercing bullets right now.
my popcorn is ready.
let the normies hit the floor.
XD
This kind of faggotry is why I stopped myself from being a coiner, despite getting (finally) all clearances.
Shit is way too shady and volatile to gamble my hard-earned money with.Still checking DPos coins though.
Beyond that, I have no hope.
Down less than 5%>Tanked Call me when it hits sub 5k
Tanked the market, by... 5%?
BCH rise tanked the market more...
How far will this dip go for BTC?
I was waiting for a delicious dip like this.
That was it.
Tether got hacked... big woop.
Lots of panic sellers.
Buy the dip now.
It doesn't mean that BTC is worth less now that tether got hacked.
WHY DOES IT ALWAYS RAIN ON MEEE......but seriously thank god for the dip I just sold .06 at 11600 NZD and it kept going up
It better fucking tank it because I panic sold everything at a loss.
Same here rofl.
Not big loss, as I had just started buying stuff, but I then went into ETHER and lost on there too.Went donw like 2% on portfolio.
Not the end of the world, but a good reminder: you bet against Bitcoin, you lose.
Also, I went back into Bitcoin now.This could be the start of something bigger, but for I don't really see how it is a big deal.Eventually Bitfinex and Tether will go poof, but at this point there seem to be big forces and massive waves of FOMO propping Bitcoin up.
I think the rebound is people selling their shit, at least I hope so.
tanked the entire marketBTC AND LTC near ATH and market cap is still nearly 240 BILLION.
HAHAHAH
Market cap won't matter if the FUD hits critical levels.
Fuck this, I'm selling, we already had some difficulties in this rally., it's not gonna succeed before a bigger dip.
True but this bubble is just waiting to burst.
8k for one coin is a little too high for right now.
Im not saying it cant climb to 15k before it drops to 3k but it will soon be stable at 3k for a year or two.
Probably right after christmas or new years.