Why you keep speculating in crypto and wont just finally invest in something thats in kekin exponential insane demand for next 10 years>cobalt, lithium, graphite>EV boom (ya know there will be fkin electric cars everywhere and battery grade resources are thinin)>shortage>China, Africa, enviromental pollution, Eco bans allover worldnot a single shill was given that day>right now asx biggest opportunity>under radar>i am the one who told you to buy into GXY one year ago faggotsbuy BAR Barra resources 6c will be 11c min at early 2018 (cobalt/gold) with JV CNJ and Mark Creasy (kekin rich faggot, insider info), Mt Thirsty Bass metals BSM (graphite/lithium) junior producer at 2c expect 7c by early 2018 (top management), derisked the project few weeks ago, got infrastructure, contracts etc>i dont have time bye
tanks for the research friend.
will look into this after the next stock market crash
Lithium is viable but too many people here want to gamble in cryptos.
They don't want 5% pa returns.
hotcopper.
the asx /biz cesspool of pajeets
Literally because nobody is interested in 50% gains over 10 years anymore.
People here risk it all to make it, which is quite understandable.
Money is always in the future-technology if you are smart, no matter what year or decade we have.
Many get burned in the process, but some make big bucks.
But unless you give it a shot, you will never make it.
dont do lithium anymore its oversaturated,but, for BSM its just upside they can even find an offtake for it as Chinese faggotry battery/chem companies are buyin into any opportunities, they are apeshit>focus on cobalt (catodes/anodes, theres used more cobalt than fkin lithium in car battery )and graphite (but large flakes/jumbo, theres fokin difference between low quality chinese crap and hightech graphite)
Please post more OP.
I have shares in GXY and LAC for over a year now and they are doing great.
Anyone we should be following online beyond hotcopper?
i do short coins, but i got 70% invested in metals and tech (usually IoT and AI)because those define futureud say nvidia is progressin well just because GPUs, well they are also fokin pros at AI for carsbasically its all connected, the IOT, Ai, autonomous cars, infrastracture, alibaba, logistics, amazon, apple, google, etccccc all these companies are headin same way, developing their products and combinations.. crypto is a different market, it is gold rush but again its not gold its just classic psychology of people, they buy anythin at any cost while they know someone other will sure buy it even more expensive so they all make profit
id recommend firstto read presentations of BAR and BSM, you can basically use their website or latest announcements on hotcopper and threads with highest reply count, well hotcopper is a forum thats like other forums where people shill like chan.. there are very experienced and high intel people, and also retard pajeet durgesh bois.
U gotta DO YOUR RESEARCH.. read other news, verify facts, verify manipulation, hype, value of news, synergies etc..
those high intel peeps at hotcopper regarding BSM are DoctorFouad and BAR - Solarbat (read their posts)they saw those projects irl, attend agms, call with management etccc
also yes galaxy mooned hard from 0.14 aud to 3.88 aud in a year now it will be slower...i got all the threads saved but they are history..
what's a czech doing lurking asx and hotcopper?
: )
napiš mi email boi...https://pastebin.com/Pj0LdK2U
Sodium batteries incoming anon
well i could talk for days about this not going to happen because i got background from tech (microprocessors, electronics etc and world air logistics basically hundreds of tons including batteries either ELI, ELM, UN 3091 or whatever name it i know it).. why do i say it, battery manufacturers, consumer product manufacturers, restrictions, PRICE, years of study and years of explosions in aircraft, in people pockets, effectivness etc.. those are all facts that when combined then there will be no other than lithium+INSERT bonus material battery in upcoming decades.. WHY?
Because answer is the exact opposite.
Its all about money, years of study, safetyness and effectivity.
All can be upgraded with graphene (high tech graphite usage)
You are not the one who told us to buy GXY you piggy backing faggot he had a lot better manners then you.I made a nice profit thanks to him.Also you type like a negroid or a pajeet
also we dont even need to talk about lithium... u need anodes for battery and they require cobalt and graphite.
Cobalt is costy to produce because its a byproduct of nickel (also costy and Mtthirsty -BARs project got tens of tons of cobalt and nickel)...>well the thing is cobalt mines are costy.. they cost around 600m>BAR prooved with study that they can develop it for around 250mother thing is BAR did mine gold in the past, they sold projects to KDR, basically BARs people are some high intel bois
finally someone that remembers, yes the other guy had better manners, Im the Czech guy who continued the threads.
BUT he also recommended BAR and CNJ and I found BSM.
what do you think about BRN?
BRNi was watching them same with xped with intel but its all about management not just idea and xped fukd it, BRN might be different but i think its just a meme i might be wrong but until i see some contracts or some real MOUs, currently too hyped fluffy story so not rly on my radar.. u can ride the high volumes (for a meme stock)
Cryptocurrency is a better option for poorfags to make a few extra grand in a year.
If I had some millions to throw around I'd invest in those long term projects but I need more money now to invest in more things, so crypto it is.
Have you heard about the deployment in Paris?
http://www.asx.com.au//asxpdf/20171017/pdf/43n8wfnw9szl6f.pdfThe french police will be presenting how they are using BRN tech at the milipol conference next tuesday as well,http://www.asx.com.au//asxpdf/20171026/pdf/43nlp8fqsw87qm.pdfOn top of that they have shipped one of their FGPA cards to "a major European automobile manufacturer"http://www.asx.com.au//asxpdf/20171024/pdf/43nj2nthw3zzyb.pdfand then of course there is all the other trials/partnerships with Casinos/CISCO/SAFRAN/rockwell collins and the new york lockport school district.The real thing that interests me is the fact that the major stakeholders have voluntarily put their shares into a 6 month escrow (approximately 50% of the shares in the company).
Could be worth another look imo but it despite all this there really hasn't been any big dollar figure announcements.
I'm currently holding but I think if something significant doesn't eventuate before the end of the escrow it might be looking a little dicey.
crypto lacks current usage and if u say *muhhh differences *- nobody gives a shit, its all about how many times it can moon in short term (pls lets just not talk about 1% people buying drugs, coding contracts, shit on amazon, pay for delivery, pay for memes or pay for pizza with super kekin fee and slow transaction).. basically coins as an investments - its major IDEA is just to be a store of cash that is volatile so much its based on meme news, meme pumps, meme banks, meme mining, meme whatever...ok you may get few grand with low investment, you can margin trade it like me but you may as well loose all your shit (well rite now is it muhh 100k/ btc OR IS IT 10k bcc?
or muhh vitamin b dEaTHereum)
well it all look nice.. but rly for now id not ride it.. desu id buy tech company with bigger mc at some higher/more derisked stage
Remember that all the big tech companies are working on similar stuff, and they WILL BTFO a tiny shitty ASX tech company.
Seriously, Atlassian was the only good tech thing to come out of the country
lacks current usageyour ignorance will cost youinstead of being so hateful and purposefully staying blind to reality, you should probably look into things a little more before you start making such concrete judgments.
The fact that I can send money to a party across the globe in 20 confirmations (10 minutes or so) without any bank business days, or exorbitant fees, or store my wealth on any device I choose is already very useful and empowering.
BTC>"trivial/optional miner fees"Ebin
muh store of value meme.
priceless
 i do short coinsOh shit
well .... its a great tech I mean yes ... virtually send MONEY at a speed of exact coin, exact fee.Lets say that is great.But then there could be only one coin.
We have 100000 coins that does the same right.
Now the complexity changed with required hash power, now people want it even more anoymous, people want to do even more sophisticated things .. NOT TO JUST SEND MONEY from pajeet to vladimirSo the tech is great.But people twisted it to meme.Its funny that people could not twist gold to meme, its still gold.People did not twist Earth resources ground into meme, its there.So tell me more about muhhh store of value?ok its usage is to send cash instantlyAWESOME, thats a rocket science and it drove it to 200b total mcapnot rly people want it to moon and move it to fiat
near instant>optional and trivial miner feesHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
The chart is clearly from like 3 years ago.But all that is still true of many altcoins (using that very broadly, and including things like eth and xmr here).
The only thing holding some of them back is the fact that bitcoin is both the most well-known, and also widely considered king of the market, so dethroning it may be extremely hard (as BCH has shown - and that was while trying to appropriate the bitcoin brand, instead of outright replacing it).
Do you not recall penny stocks back in the 80s?
The dot com in the 90s?
Stock market was a meme machine for over two decades and then your qe started cause the memes were real.At the end of the day, at least I'm not paying the force to fuck my shit up.> oh look hunny we just paid $12k in taxes and a few k in state> well at least my stocks are doing good> tmw you wake up n your stocks are 80% down cause gov.exe shit the bedJust saying.
Plus you don't have to worry about gov.exe taking your assets cause MUH CIVIL FORFEITURE or MUH DIDNT CLAIM $3 ON DEM TAXES.Plus your bitch of a wife can't take half your crypto.But ma gold anon.
Well son, I'd rather have a little paper than heavy ass yellow metal that can be stolen.
s penny stocks aint 80s nor 90s nor any those are just companies ENTERING the market ... how the fuk are you supposed to begin... well u can go edgy af hipster way and go fokin kickstarter, or sum fundrisin on your own .. idk if company goes from 10m to 1b in year then SOMETHING MAY BE RLY GOING JUST GUDbut anywa dont start with muhhh IRS muuhhhh taxesmuhhhh waifumuffff dow jonssss n mc donulds our gov is not as retarded as ameriburgers so thats gudi dont own any gold but i said that its not a meme at least