Choose one>ARK>Sinner/poorWe tried to warn you...
Selling ARK now would be like selling ETH at $25.
anyone buying now would be stupid
ARK will be worth 40 dollars within 6 months.
Screenshot this
This
The sells book is empty we go 55k today
The sells book is emptyWhat this pajeet says is not true, we however are going to 55k today.
I keep hearing this name.
What/who is pajeet?
It's Satoshi's true name.
an indian.
with a dot not a feather
So.. a Hindu?
not all indians are hindu but yeah
arkies can't keep getting away with this
he didnt buy at 25k sats
It's going up so faster than other alts because it's been oversold for so long.
Even at $3.55, the coin is undervalued.
It's the 2018 version of ETH.
Easy x100.
Exactly my nigga
Is it enough to vote for ark_pool and ark_delegates by spending 2 ARK to receive free ARK?
The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.
Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.
The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.
I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
Keep up the good fud.
Deluded nonarkies will feel the wrath.
I genuinely feel this way, just have a gut instinct about Ark
Can you give me a reason to drop $5,000 into ARK right now?
I don't see what is so special about it at all.
Nothing to see here, move on and put it into Digibyte!!!!!!
(Their website uses a lot of Blue which looks nice, not like red which looks aggressive!!!)
boys...
*like selling ETH at $4
its bull season, baby!
so literally no reason and ur falling for a meme coin like the linklets then?
ARK vs WAVES?I like both projects but I'm hodling about 4x as much ARK as WAVES.
Should I increase my WAVES stack?
my routine>wake up>accumulate
You know this is sat value, btc has 10xd during past year so ark has done pretty good aswell.
(not as good as btc though)
WE ARE HEADING TO THE TSUNAMI WAVE OF ARKTHIS SHIT IS EXPLOOOOOODING BOYS120K IN TWO WEEKS, 200K IN A MONTH
dump waves into ark, waves is honestly a shitcoin.
why the hell is it going down, is this the dip before the 2nd pump
k resistance.
They had a few sell orders around 50k sats
it went above 50k though, and someone has a small sellwall up at 47k now
looks like a slide downward, not a bump in the road.Considering buying back in, but as a rule I avoid Pump threads on biz.
More often than not they're really dumps.
hi sir pajeet here, did u called?
its up 45% its due for a retracement.
rubber hand will be on suicide watch
the okcash pump of today is going pretty well actually, are you mad because you missed it?
probably didnt buy back in before yesterdays pump
Nerd programmers are supposed to unshaven and unkempt.
I'd be more concerned if it was some slick talking Chad trying to push a lame sales pitch, but its not.