>bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin
>satoshi's vision
flippening imminent
I refuse to buy into this pump
the bulls charging no amount of selling is stopping it
Korea has decided.
Bitcoin war is over now.
>lower fees
It's happening
>peer to peer cash
i, for one, welcome our new korean overlords
Fast transactions
>muh whitepaper
>the oracle problem
the future of bitcoin is bitcoin cash
wasnt segwit2x supposed to be the real bitcoin?
why did bcc become the real thing all of a sudden
>no scaling solution for 2 years
>Sell Bitcoin for bitcoin cash now or you will be left behind
pump and dump...be careful and stay safe anon
can someone post a better version of this
Uhhh.. No..it isn't.
>satoshis version
>scaling bitcoin
Just hodl Bitcoin the future currency
>decentralized oracles

Finally i got the gig.
Use both Btc and Bch to create both hype and the means to fully cash out.
Generally a Pump and dump can at best get you 50% of a matket.
But by using 2 currencies that will be bougth as an alt you can clean out up to 80%.
Hat is off.
>retards
 SWIFT partnership
>Hodl BTC and BCH
he's a fucking gook so he's probably myopic
>eth is the future
what exchange do you fuckers use for bch?
i might get in a bit on this, although I'm still hesitant
>work of proof
poloniex
so after hitting $8K, btc is going to retrace downward and fuck itself in its own arse.
dumbfuck buying after something pops...where were you yesterday or 2 weeks ago.bch is on bittrex buckogo toss some digital shekels on itsee if it keeps going verticalbest of luck to you
nigga the reason i even ask is because I'm considering, not because i have high hopes
Segwit was never real bitcoin
>solves the Oreo problem
Bitcoin is mooning, BCH is dipping.
what is even the meaning of these frogs.
tfw I can wire transfer from my bank to coinbase faster than a BTC transfer>such great technology>muh digital currency
drops $700 in a few hours>muh moon
going to make it frogs
>whales are accumulating
YOU WILL NEVER FIGURE US OUT JUDEN!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Daily reminder that Craig Wright is Satoshi and if you were stupid enough to believe shills/states discrediting him then you deserve to miss out on real Bitcoin.
Psstttt - shills don't like you mentioning this.
>they dont just have a solid dev team, they have multiple solid dev teams
lmao, BTC fees are so bad that a fork is going to overtake it.
Buy Bitcoin Cash while its under $10K
agreed.also reading around that bitcoin.com will actually drop "cash" from Bitcoin Cash if the Segwit2x fails.... which it will and already has once.
Holy fuck so much shillig my sides
4290184epic
Lmao shill sliding this nugget of truth