LTC moon tomorrow morning is highly likely at this point.
Bull flag, higher lows, and strongly overbought.
Not just that, but there will be a very sharp drop in the Ichimoku base line tomorrow morning.If Litecoin is able to maintain the current lower trendline until then, we will see a massive spike upwards tomorrow morning.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED - see charts in next postsLove,Lain

Last time I listened to exciting biz news, I bought NEO at $40 and sat on it miserable for the next 4 and a half months.
Also weekly stoch rsi just recently cross upward
Gotta think long-term anon.
Yeah, except here you're buying low, instead of high, chasing a pump.
Just enter with a proper conditional sell order set at (-5 to 7%) in case it dips.
Then you protect your capitol and are on board for the strong moon setup.You see, Anon, unlike most of /biz/, I don't shill to get someone to buy my bags or chase pumps.
I analyze, think, and then act based on what I find.
I never recommend something I do not have strong belief in, based on applying what I know and my own gains take hits when I give bad calls.~Lets all love Lain
Okay Lain.Im dumb enough to bite.Ill buy some lite coin.just 2 as I am poor.hopefully it's worth the wait.
Note that the Ichimoku analysis only works if LTC can maintain the current lower trend as seen on the charts.
If you enter, make sure to set stop losses in case it breaks lower trend.
ichimoku base line
What kind of moon are we looking at?
165 million BC or 165 Million AD?
Ichimoku base line tomorrow
You seem like a nice anon, I'll put $1000 in it.
Lightning update will make it #3 in market cap
Was gonna buy some BTC for the short-term.
Post made me get some LTC.
Lets see where this goes.
what the fuck is a lain?
ichimoku sucks ass
how high do you expect it to go?
God youre probably right I fucking love LTC.
My forces are currently occupied elsewhere however.
I've just sent reinforcements to hold my position in BCH.
am which timezone?
Once this puppy breaks 69 moon mission is engaged.
DON'T SELL.There will most likely be another announcement Monday as well.
>btc pumps insteadevery time
nice just went all-in
and strongly overboughtYou said it.
This sounds about right, thx
What kind of announcement?
Excellent call.
Why is your Ichimoku set to 20, 60,120, 30?
Most people have 9, 26, 52, 26 or 10, 30, 60, 30.
What site/program do you use for Ichimoku clouds?
Tradingview and also Coinigy for Binance coins.
itll hit 81 boys get the fuck ready.
dragonfly doji at 4h chart.
50 ma still fucking linear above the 200 ma.
weekly pennant.
concluding we will fucking close above 110$ 31 december 2017
lookin good
where is the moon?
85?
there was an attempt
not over yet
Come on you shitty loser coin you can do it