Don't tell me you didn't dump all your ALTS and BTC and bought BCC yet.3 weeks ago we went 4000 this weekend we are going 8000 satoshiDon't come posting pink wojaks later.
So i should listen to a guy who doesn't know what satoshi is?
No.
you shouldn't You should miss the ride because you do know what satoshi is.
Nice and steady organic growth this time - loving it!!!
:)
Last time i dumped at 0.35.
This time it will be at 0.27.
Hope you guy's set stop losses for BCH, about to correct for the rest of the night before taking back up tomorrow
Looks like the rocket is refueling for a mission to the center of the earth, not the moon....
why would you even look at binance regarding bch ?
BCC satoshiYou sure do seem like you know what you’re doing and aren’t just following a hype train
Lmao, this might be the best bait thread yet.
this desu
Why not?
Solid big exchange.
Where should I look, on retarddelta?
Crypto>Knowing what you are doing>Not being a whaleI hope YOU know what you are doing.The whole crypto sphere is controlled by whales and wallstreet like people from around the globe.You think it's 2009 where some nerds mine for BTC and buy pizzas?I didn't know nerds have 200B USD.Maybe there is a lot of them?like 100B with 2 USD each?or 50B with 4 USD each?...Crypto is 99% the 1% and 1% the 99%Like everything else.You hear lambo stories and think it's common.There is one nerd in maybe 100000000 that got his lambo.
We are going to break the last peak.Don't sell under 0.6
lmao crashing with no survivors
Ya no way this pump and dump will get anywhere near last time.
Roger and jihan got burnt badly when that Korean exchange died.
big miners with substantial BTC holdings frustrated that their profits are dropping due to competitors setting up shop, increasing mining difficulty> closed door private meeting with other fatcats aka the New York Agreement instead of going through the consensus-based Bitcoin Improvement Proposal> try to set themselves up to manufacture an advantage for themselves by forcing a hard fork aka segwit 2x by holding hashing power hostage> a week before they were supposed to push their hard fork out, they realised they were losing support from miners and exchanges who were initially in favor of the fork, so they pulled up a contingency plan and cancelled the fork> while opponents of the segwit 2x celebrated, the miners were slowly buying up BCH as the vehicle for their revenge for not getting their way, the product of a successful hard fork not very long ago> when they were set, they started changing their huge reserves of BTC to BCH, to drive up the price of BCH, while flooding the BTC pool with many small transactions to cause a huge backlog of transactions (in practical terms, DDOSing) and switching their miners to mine BCH, further causing the transactions to pile up and transaction costs to skyrocket> just as planned, BTC falls significantly in the span of a few hours, while BCH shoots up from obscurity to overtake ETH, going up to a high of $2400 while BTC drops like a rock> people panic, and start blindly trading BTC for BCH, falling into the trap that is BCH> the big miners and manipulators start dumping BCH and exchanging it for all that sweet sweet BTC that's now very very cheap, likely doubling their considerable BTC holdings at the expense of all the weak hands who panicked> predictably, BCH drops like a rock, and the manipulators simply switch back to mining BTC again, leaving lots of bag holders clutching their now devalued BCH.
That's why it's going up right?
Bitcoin cash is less than 20% of btc.
Deal with it
It's gonna moon.
You know it will.
he thinks sell walls stay put
I love it how this company's videos are all back-alley videos and some warehouse videos to make it look as if it's some half ass basementdweller operation when infact it's skynet coming to fuck us in the ass financed by the elite.