Why is nobody talking about this?>Just come out on etherdelta (coins always skyrocket as soon as they are added to another exchange after etherdelta)>allows you to earn dividends every quarter (literally free money)>gives you free investment advice>only 7 million total supply, and a vote is currently being held to possibly reduce the supply to 4 MILLION>currently crazy low marketcap, crazy low total supply either wayWhy the fuck are you not investing /biz/?
Because /biz/ is only interested in coins that guarantee losses, not gains.Remember, the average /biz/tard has an irrational fear of money.
When presented with a pile of cash, they begin to gag like the main character in A Clockwork Orange.
You holding astro friendo?I'm still unsure as to whether to buy right now, it would mean sacrificing some of my BTC stack.
Hence I made the thread
I've been holding 500 astro since 1.75Im not even worried about this small dip.Ride this train out for the rest of the year and you wont be sorry
Yup, I have 1000 of them and intend to buy more soon.Fortunately it just being on ED has kept the normies away for the time being.
when is the first dividend coming?
what if i buy right before dividend and then sell right after?
i doubt this shit has an ex-dividend date and all that crap that stocks do to prevent this
 Because /biz/ is only interested in coins that guarantee losses, not gains.top kekI bought a few the other day and I am still a little skeptical.
It seems pretty interesting, We'll see if they can deliver.
I'm hoping that this can become a decent passive income generator.
>literally free money
You forgot the most important news of this coin.
Their app comes out December 2nd.
Working product in 2 weeks.
A lot of these tokens people are talking about, won't do shit until 2 years from now.
I cannot wait to see the investment I made take practical form.
I hope ASTRO pans out, though I only hold 100.WORKING PRODUCT IN 2 WEEKS
That's all well and good.
But we do need a better exchange than etherdelta.You say you only hold 100 as though you could hold a lot more if you wanted to.
Why do you judge this as such high risk?
december 30th is the first dividend distribution.
I'd expect the price to rise around that time.
Well bitcoin just broke 8k...even more uncertain now which one to go for