Guys I am fucking STRESSED OUT.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Do I sit in cash and watch everyone else get rich and then my life is miserable because I was too scared?
Do I HODL and then watch my life savings disappear because I was too greedy?I know that no more big money is going to enter alts.
I know that.
2018 is going to be a bloodbath for alts.
Do I really think banks and hedge funds are going to buy VTC and BAT or any other fucking shitcoin?
Fuck no they won't BUT WHAT IF THEY DO OH FUCKAnd bitcoin.
Holy fucking shit bitcoin.
What the fuck is going on?
Operation fucking dragon slayer?
I don't know what to do.
The blockstream guys like Adam Back seem shady as hell but the Bitcoin Cash guys are even shadier.
Please help me deal with this stress.
I don't know what to do.
I just reorganized my portfolio for the third time today and have spent over $3,000 in fees from panic selling/buying because I can't make up my fucking mind.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
You'll be fine, big money is only going into BTC.
Just flip your shitcoins and stack BTC only.
CME isn't offering futures on BCH, its BTC theyre after.
This was me just SIX days ago.
GOD DAMNIT
Go all in on cash pussyPay attention and get out if it starts crashing
Are you out of your mind?The blockstream guys who want to take high fees from you and scalp off the top to open lightning network channels are shady but the guys who want bitcoin to scale globally with low fees are also shady?
What are you fucking stupid?
CME isn't offering futures on BCH, its BTC theyre after.But the futures are settled in Cash and I just know Wall Street are going to short the fuck out of BTC and then use their crony partners in the SEC to create epic FUD for BTC.This is going to happen.
BUT WHAT IF IT DOESN'T AND I MISS THE GAINS?I don't know what to do.
I have too much information in my head.
Sounds like you have invested more than you can afford to lose.
You have broken the #1 rule of investing.
You kinda deserve to get REKT for breaking that rule.
P.S.
are you high?
A trillion dollars is flowing into crypto in 2018.
The smart money would say LINK,it’s blockchain agnoistic you knowalso smoke some weed dude summer down, BCH had one chance to flip BTC, now everyone knows they’re just another shitcoin.
Pump won’t go as high this timeBtw just hold BTC ETH XMR LTC OMG for 2018 to avoid fucking up
You'll be fine OP, hedge out of BTC - bit into ETH, XMR and BCH.
What your willing to put into BCH, do it, it'll pump this weekend.
God bless.
Stay calm.
Just fucking hold and wait this out dude.At this point anyone who claims to know which of BCH/BTC will win is fud'ing.
the guys who want bitcoin to scale globally with low fees are also shady?
What are you fucking stupid?Why do people think Bitcoin Core don't want to scale?
They are simply scaling properly.
Bitcoin 8x (bitcoin cash) is so obviously an attempt by China and other established players to fully centralize BTC.
It's a joke.BTC Core will be 8x one day but there is abso-fucking-lutely no need for that now.
I still hold my BCH from the fork and hold BTC.
I sold my BTCG last night at a high.
I love BTC.
I'm here because of it.
but my impartial opinion is BCH will win out in the long run.
BTC whales will dump onto normies who aren't keeping tabs on crypto and profit another 10x off their BCH after 10xing there BTC.
The safest place is not picking between BTC, BCH or even hedging both.
It's sitting in ETH, XMR and or LTC.
These will explode if BTC is kill or weakened, and will continue to grow if BTC comes out unscathed.Just my 2 sats
I have about $12k in my bank account and I'm in my 20's so no, I haven't invested more than I can lose.
I just don't want to lose money.
Either through depreciation or opportunity costs.
It's driving me crazy.
Bitcoin 8x (bitcoin cash) is so obviously an attempt by China and other established players to fully centralize BTC.
It's a joke.kek what was Segwit2x then?
Because it's ez to get fud'd into the big blocks = better bs, most people don't have the technical knowledge or willingness to investigate for themselves and are fud'd af rn
I bought LTC at $4 in March.
I love LTC and it was most of my portfolio until earlier this month when my BTC balance just kept getting lower and lower...
It was supposed to be a compromise between Bitcoin Core and the Big Blockers.
Everyone knows that.
But the futures are settled in CashDon't forget this absolutely results in the buying / selling of actual bitcoins
If dubs send btc1KDXk549YmUXeEcyb7bDbfvRyK9HzWVY8h
pls use your technical knowledge to explain how big blocks are baddo you not believe in moores law?
the average smartphone today probably has more computing power than the average pc in 2008 when the whitepaper came out
It doesn't though.
Oil futures are settled in oil.
BTC futures are settled in cash.
CME does not have to hold any BTC.
It's a war between mafias, just try to make some gains and get out.
do you not believe in moores law?EXACTLY!So just follow Satoshi's vision and allow this to happen without forcing it.
Going to 8x right now when Moore's Law hasn't caught up yet is just insane.
Everything thinks Bitcoin Core is against scaling but that's just silly.
Bitcoin will scale and the blocks will become bigger but at a natural pace thereby allowing everyone to compete fairly.
Well, it's not going to happen under Blockstreams leadership... they fought tooth and nail against even a 2Mb upgrade.
So the arb will just be ignored here?
Bois, I just went all in on POWR, what am i getting myself into?
I know nothing of bitcoin shit.
Im wondering how this all works.
Do the companies (is powr a company?)
somehow benefit when the price of their coin goes up from speculators?
Or do they just get money from the Initial Coin OfferingIDK give me rundown
There is no arb.
CME will allow the trading of contracts.
Pieces of paper.
Not BTC.
If you're shitting a brick off of a 10% loss over 6 days then get the fuck outta the game nigga
Growing the portfolio from 100k must be difficult.
I think when I get there I'll only risk a couple bitcoins at a time while the rest is in bitcoin.
Get out of Powr it is about to drop 20%QSP is the new Powr
I think when I get there I'll only risk a couple bitcoins at a time while the rest is in bitcoin.Isnt it all in Bitcoin?
Im on binance it says i can sell the same amount that i bought how is that possible like what percent of loss will i take if im selling it at the same rate i got it for
.1% loss
It's not about what happened but about what's going to happen.
I have lost faith in alts and at the same time BTC.>altsSerious money will not buy them.
End of story.>BTCCME and serious money are going to short it to death.That's the stress.
Do I go against my insticts and HODL and then lose it all?
Or do I bitch out and then watch everyone make money?
It's a plan that leads to hardware centralization.
You know that based on your reply alone.I think it's a great short term solution.
I think BTC would've been wise to temporarily adopt it.
But I think active development should be made for how to handle smaller blocks more efficiently for greater decentralization.
This is a good response.
Another thing I would add is that a lot of people don't understand what "Bitcoin Core" is.
Anybody can contribute to Bitcoin since it is an open source project.
If you have complaints then write up the code and submit your solution to the github.
Bitcoin Core on the other hand... an obvious scam.
4516271Just my take on it.
I understand there's no glaringly obvious and elegant solution to scaling with smaller blocks right now and I don't believe in off chain 3rd parrties being used, but in principle smaller blocks allow greater decentralization and if there an elegant and efficient t method for that I believe we should move in thay direction.
Until that solution is known though I don't oppose bigger blocks, but I do STRONGLY oppose how BCH is being ran and the people who run it.And for the record I have no doggy in this race, I cashed out my BCH during the first major pump and I'm going to whether the storm out in ETH, XMR and LTC
Your problem is you think you know what is going to happen (You don't) You were wrong about basically everything and look at your BTC value.
Not holding bitcoin savaged you.
Not holding bitcoin savaged you.Checked.
But I'm up $60,000 this year.
Did you even read what I wrote?
Why don't you provide your thesis.
Do you disagree that banks are going to short BTC next year?
Do you disagree that banks won't be buying alts?If you're not going to engage in the discussion why even participate?
you're a faggot.
i can feel the anxeity radiating off your posts.
kys
This is gonna be a real /notcomfy/ market if big banks come rolling in and directing the plays
Exactly.
This market has been so good to us this year and I just know the fucking blood suckers hate seeing the little guy make a killing.
Go all in on aeternity and get rich within a month.
Or don't and suffer from small losses.
I meant keep everything but a couple bitcoins in bitcoin.
The btc at risk would be in Altcoins for intraday trading with the peoceeds going into my bitcoin stash.
holding 35k in a coin that will be frozen in chain death in two days>you'll never see those funds again
Adam Back is a fucking cypherpunk OG dude, he wrote the BTC PoW algorithm, cited in the whitepaper.Roger Ver literally scams people.
Everyone on /biz/ knows this is misinformation by now, why are you still trying?
Buy Ark
Sell half your BCH and put it into ETH
not holding any XMRFound your problem, Anon
gtfo
honestly... i like what youve done, fucking yolo.if your worried, sell the shit coins bat/vtc your update 1% for the day and u have approximately 20k in cashscale out a bit if ur still worried, equal clips off of each bitcoin stack, then sit back and get some popcorn and a hooker and enjoy the show
OP, you're doing great.
That's a good BTC-BCH ratio.
Place some BCH/ETH sell orders, e.g.
at equivalent of 0.25 BTC, 0.35 BTC, 0.45 BTC like e.g.
10% of your stack for each step..
worst case scenario, tether/bitfinex go down and both coins free fall.
with ur 20k u can buy a lot of $ROPE at least
IKTF OPI have about 1/8th your portfolio, too
another plan... grow some balls and invest the 13k, sell the shit coins, sell btc and then full stack into bch
THEY WILL GO OUTSIDE OF THE CME
incredible you can be that stupid and spend 3k on fees, when you have less than 100k..you will die with your bags anon
Think about your family, think about your future.
Flip it for Ark
My portfolio was 110k ath it's 68k now anon grow some balls, I am mostly in walton and etp.
I could have sold at ath and let the tax man rape me with higher taxes or wait a year have 20 - 30 per walton and make 300k
you need to chill dumbasshow can CME short what they do not possess?they need to buy FIRST idiotwhen stocks in 1980's had CME futures, they ran up for FIVE years after CME launched futures
any way big bucks will touch popular alts?
Do you have a vagina by any chance?
You sound like you do.
Get a fucking grip, faggot.
So much misinformation
They don't buy it.
There is an official price which is the target that they bet on.
CME doesn't actually need to possess, they just match shorts with longs
don’t be a faggot anon.
I started with 10k in July.
Rode bitcoin and bitcoin cash up.
Now I’m all in with Req for another 5x.
My thesis is that if have X bitcoin you can be sure the next time you look at it you will have X bitcoin.
If you want to hold your 60k out of the market but how might you feel if recent history repeats in terms of BTCThe problem is ping ponging between worrying about value between one or the other side of the pair.
The problem with holding fiat in a bull market is obvious.
Its got no upside or downside.
If you want the coin not the fiat you are risking all the upside (and risking the downside of opportunity cost by leaving your capital out of the market).
As for your risk capital, use something like the Kelly Criterion.
Hold the rest in BTC.
There is no reason you shouldn't be able to sleep on that
x2
 k $ is a fucking huge quantity of money.
when I get therekek
4516153If you are down on your initial investment and have been in crypto for over a month get out of the game, it's not for you
Are there any competitors to REQ?
I'm liking what I'm reading
delusion.jpgLTC is an absolute shitcoin, only slightly better than BTC because it is actually usable however it has such a poor dev team and its name is so stupid it will never become a major contender.It will eventually die off like so many other shitcoins.ETH will also die when smart contracts are implemented on top of BCH.
Buy Skycoin!
Do you really believe your own BS?
Of course Core wants to scale globaly.
But not primarily with unsustainable methods like blocksize increases.
Blocksize increase is the only short -term alternative.
It doesn't have to be the only solution, but right now it's for the best.But please, keep waiting for that LN, only 18 months away!
uh, just sell half your stack then now and hold the other halfjesus its like holding a little babbys hand
you are not the only one stressedwhen are we going to get some nice and comfy calm sideways movement so we can chill for a bit?
Sell everything and buy into ODN and ALIS.
ODN will pump by the 4th (sell on the 3rd) and ALIS will have a fully working platform by the end of DEC and will make it into the top 75 coins by Q1 2018 (It is the Japanese STEEM).>Tips for freeeeeeeeeeeeI have bought all I can afford so don't mind sharing this info now.
10% lossQuit being a faggot.
I unironically lose 150k and kept going.
Still over a quarter million and started with 11k earlier this year
XRP anon, the answer to all your troubles is XRP.
You've always overlooked it.
Stable coin with huge spikes to the moon every so often.
The Rocket is about to launch again soon will you miss it again?
Also, don't forget about NULSAnon was right about POWR
It's a legit nice portfolio, but I'd sell the VTC.
I can shill you some coins, but seeing that you're in BAT, I think it will be smart to put some more $ in it (taken from the VTC stack, or maybe the BTC stack).I'd also sell 1-2 BTC for USD just to prevent huge portfolio fluctuations (leading to emotional trading and further losses).And maybe flip some BTC/BCH for Monero, but just a tiny amount.
Google "Cynthia Dwork and Moni Naor 1992" you absolute brainlet.Adam Back stole the hashcash idea while trying to monetize it.
Just like he infiltrated bitcoin for selfish reasons.