 million millionaires million bitcoins, with a lot likely lostWill bitcoin reach 1 million within the next 10 years?
It will reach 1 million by 2025by 2027 it will be 2 millionif you hold ev3n a SINGLE btc you will make it if you HODL
The dollar is about to completely crash.
what are you talking about?
BTC will be in the millions next year, and shitcoins will all be in the hundreds and thousands.
Anyone who had US dollars is going to lose all their wealth.
Crypto will also suffer a similar fate, but things must happen in order.
no, it's a shitcoin that can't support that level of demand
can't support that level of demand>demand outstrips supply>therefore, price goes downYou're drunk.
it's a hypothetical, read between the linesthe demand won't reach that level because the coin will stop functioning properly long before that point
I agree that it will not operate that way - people will not be expected to convert their private wealth directly into BTC.Hoever... BTC will play a lynchpin role in the digitisation of money and a move to transparent, trustless transactions.
Its actual value in this application is likely to be exponentially more than if it were "just" used to store the wealth of individual citizens.
ETH is better poised to fill that role though; they're the ones tackling the hard scalability problems
We're in a middle period of crypto, which many mistake as the early adoption phase.
I think 2017 marks the dying moments of the early adopter phase.
As such, BTC is massively undervalued for what many influencers see as its primary usage.
When even a satoshi represents a significant quantity of fiat (say, arbitrarily, $1), the scalability problems of today are no longer an issue.
Fewer transactions; all money movements worth enormous amounts.
the scalability problems of today are no longer an issueyou never explained this statement anywhere in your post?
you sound like you are actually fine with the current trajectory of retarded fees and transaction times> Fewer transactions; all money movements worth enormous amounts.It's completely uninteresting technology for the vast majority of people if this becomes the case
30 million millionairesWhat on earth?
Agreed 
There will be no scalability probs when transactions are limited to state-level players transfering entire trading budgets.
Blocks wonät fill up so quickly once 1Satoshi = $1 or more
It's completely uninteresting technology for the vast majority of people if this becomes the caseThis is right.
Who in fuck is interested in a gold transaction now?
Store of value and tx don't mix
i think maybe he's trying to say there are 30,000,000 people on Earth who have >$1M USD?
Not sure if that's an accurate number though, but I think that's what he was trying to convey.
doesn't sound like very many
uh...?
You're thinking too small.
You don't have to renegotiate world trade agreements every time you buy a south african banana.
honestly no idea how/why you started talking about whatever you are talking about
Investment firms and big banking investing into BTC will be the ones to raise the price that high, not individual millionaires.
Also you're out of your mind if you think big banks won't put a stranglehold on crypto and bring it to their heel long before that point.
Hell we're seeing it now and we haven't even hit 10k yet.
You're out of your mind if you don't think we'll make them obsolete.