we're all prepped for liftoff lads.
you buy this accumulation?>corecoin failing to break upwards from an ascending wedge pattern>cash now above a descending resistance line and using it as support>fork upgrade implemented without a hitch>roger and the miners ready with massive buywalls
nah its shit
>drinking the graph patterns kool aidIs it your first week doing this?
too brainlet to TA>it's fake
Bitcoin Cash will have a breakout, but it's not imminent.There's going to need to be a significant amount of time for access to Cash to get as easy as Bitcoin.
It's palm reading.
A mixture of confirmation bias and self fulfilling prophecy.
PUMP IS STARTING
GET IN HERE YOU IDIOTS,BREAKOUT
4372383feels good cashbro
they are just getting you dumb cunts to buy their bags....poor fuckers
CASH RULES EVERYTHING AROUND ME
Fuck this place is pants on head retarded.
What am I even doing here, lol?
4372400you guys forgot to include your pajeet shill meme image
I actually have blissful confidence right now.
got word from a friend boys.we're gonna make it.If you're weak please just sell now though.We dont want you coming with us
still holding comfy, none of the technical analysis I outlined in the OP has been invalidated as of yet
am I going to be filthy rich anon?
when do I sell or just hold forever?
same
BCH is mooning one way or another.
Do you guys realize that coinbase is how all the normie money gets converted to crypto?
My mother uses coinbase.
What do you think is going to happen when they realize that BCH is a just a cheaper bitcoin, and that they can have A WHOLE BCH for only 1k, instead of the 7k they need to cough up for a whole BTC?
fork upgrade implemented without a hitchThe fork means if it pumps too much the difficulty can't correct down you brainlets
Bch bagholders just get more and more pathetic each day
You do realize the flip side of that is that a fuckton of BCH which was originally unavailable is going to be up for potentially selling, right?
Huge volume increase on a coin doesn't usually mean up in price
thanks for reminding me to check BCHyesterday it was 1350 today its.... 1280....AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'm seriously considering dropping my bags and just hoping btc hits 10k
Hope you Chinese faggots suffer the worst kind of death
this might sound stupid and i'm new here but if you buy BCH/ BTC for a certain amount of BTC, wouldnt you profit from holding BCH if BCH prices stay stable and BTC rises, since your amount of BTC stays the same ?
Are you going to post this in every thread?
At least make it make sense retard.
Sure.
One day before it gets added to coinbase I will be buying this piece of shit that made me lost 3k this weekend.
Until then I'm not touching this piece of shit again,
You're a fucking moron for holding those chink bags
Is hoping it will ever go back up truly wishful thinking?
Please just remove yourself from the gene pool, stop stressing about crypto.
Kill yourself ASAP
i'm sure most of you guis hold link bags amarite?
not understanding the concept of buy the rumour ...
itll go up cause Jihan still hopes for the flippening Jihan completely forgot that wallstreet are now looking to burn him for easy cash.
All it took was 2 buyers and 1 DoS attack lol.
Imagine what will happen next time?
its a huge risk to put money into BCH but the reward is even greater.
Probably, btc is taking off.
7250 by the time I wake up.
Goodnight, good luck.
Dont ever sell your btc
The question is whether I'm more likely to make my money back holding this very heavy bags or moving it into btc.
Yeah there might be a dump at first, but there will definitely be a pump before and afterwards.
You can't deny BCH is bullish af December 2017 and onwards.
Sorry for your loss.
My BCH bags are tiny.. Less than 10 percent of my portfolio, so I don't mind holding into 2018
what if andreas is right and BTC and BCH just go on co-existing, what does the BCH/BTC price ratio look like in 6 and 12 months?
jihan doesnt want that, he wants bch to be THE bitcoin.
You are making a decision based on emotional attachment.
No wonder you lost 3k on something that doubled over the weekend.
its just a simple question.
if the price of bch is measured in btc and i buy a certain amount of bch for x btc and the price of bch stays stable, i will still have the amount of x btc in my wallet.
so if the price of btc rises wouldnt the value of my wallet rise also ?
Wow you are retarded
No that's not how it works at all, you have sold your btc for bch, you aren't merely pretending to have bch but really have btc.
The exact opposite is true.
You're a fucking idiot.
43738624373885you actually think by deflecting to "chinks" we won't notice you're a core-paid pajeet shill?
sats deposited into your account
Coinbase is adding support.... to withdraw BCH, not buy sell or trade.They caved to pressure from impending lawsuits.
1 post by this IDYou must try harder fudfag
>BTC 7000$ and rising since 2 days>"didn't breakout so buy my BCC bags"Man, do you have like zero self-respect?
It's not even like the price would rise because some retards from 4chan buy 50$ worth of BCC.
kill yourself disinfo shill
You type like a stupid vacuous woman.
Typical corecuck
and you sound like a low self-esteem kid that nobody likes at school, so what
This needs to be made more known desu, many people aren't aware.Coinbase is only adding support to allow their users to withdraw BCH that had BTC balances at the time of the fork.
They are not supporting buying or selling of Bitcoin cash and have always been strongly against it.They were willing to have segwit2x trading up instantly the day of the fork, it's not a matter of needing time to prepare they are simply very anti bitcoin cash.
(my portfolio is 100% eth and eth based token, I have no preference in this bitcoin civil war)
>When will I be able to withdraw Bitcoin Cash from Coinbase?
January 1, 2018It's going to be interesting.
Anybody have any idea on how much supply they have?
portfolio is 100% ethcongratulations on the upcoming moon, what are you going to do to celebrate your new found wealth?
lmao you fucking beta nu-male "oh noooo i don't get approval from the kids att school waaahhhhh mommyyy"
Kill yourself fudding retard shill, they have changed their stance and their CEO posted this the other day
nice selfie
lmao corecuck mad
i guess you're the same 15yo autist from the other thread.
no even worth the time to trade insults.
you're just pathetic on a whole different level.
Just go back to your reddit safespace you fucking subhuman
Delusional cashcucks on suicide watch
beeCASH.
Coca Cola = CokePepsi = PepsiI don't see how you could twist public perception so strongly that Pepsi = Coke
Everybody arguesthe future is clearIt will pump highbut in the end BTC winsi just saved you a lot of headache
it is fake though
I have no idea why you guys think this is gonna moon, but we got a decent chance for 10-20% right now
I just want to minimize losses :(
You cashtards said it was gonna moon yesterday LMAO
a 10.000BTC buywall for BCH?what did he mean by this?
sell around 0.19, or alternatively dailycost average in more now, sell at that point still and your bags while be slightly lighter
It's future is bleak enough to just take a 40% loss?
not at this exact moment unless you're implying 0.19 is your -40%.
If you're wondering why the hell I picked what exact number it's because we just bounced off the 50% fib line and ~0.19 is the around the lowest border of the kumo cloud for the 30-60 min candles.
After that we could go up but to me that's a no trade zone, don't wanna get cucked like the fags you bought around 0.22> a few days ago during the false moon sightings herewe're still in a bull trend on the 4hr and 1 day candles but I don't think their very useful for people who bought in after this already went parabolic.
I bought multiple times between .25 and .32
Why did you believe them?
Seems like the 0.175 resistance broke Let's see how low it goes
It’s the heavy bag holders who bought above 0.3
We're not hitting those any time soon unless a black swan event happens, I'd just wait for it to hit the cloud and then gtfo
How long are we talking, should I set a sell order?
It's late her.
I don't know, I think less than 24 hours (I'd just go to sleep, I don't think it's a big deal if this drops a bit since it still needs to hit a cloud border again eventually) where we'll probably be trading sideways or a slight up trend.If we collapse through the fib line now that might bring the border down by a lot, but I don't anticipate that being a major concern.
They are flashing the buy wall as a message to get ready
Guessing you havent seen the ceo of coinbase tweeting lately huh
the current BTC mooning might be corellated with the segwit2x hard fork (there are still rumours some guys might try to pull that one off)
how are you so stupid?you don't own both BTC and BCH at the same time.the price of BCH is just measured AGAINST the price of BTC.
meaning that if BTC goes up/down it will impact the price of BCH, so basically if you buy BCH, but the price of BTC (which you do not own) goes up, but your BCH stays "stable" it means it's because it's basically losing value simultaneously to BTC gaining value and that you'd have been better off buying BTC instead of the BCH
4376477or to make a clearer example:if you have 1 BTC and you trade it for 7 BCH (so you lose the 1 btc and gain the 7 bch) but then BTC price keeps going up, but BCH price stays "stable" and you decide to sell the 7 BCH back into BTC, you won't get your 1 BTC back that you started with, the difference in price will be greater, so you might only get back 0.8 BTC instead and would have been better off just keeping the original 1 BTC instead