i fucking hate this stupid piece of shitcoin so fucking much im about to sell at a 80% loss and NEVER ever fucking look back goddamn i missed so much gains bcause of this retard and this fatass and his autistic PR manager in slack that cant give us fucking bone or vague HINT about when my money is coming back is fucing udumb FUCK this im selling linkies are going to die poor and bagholding
im about to sell at a 80% loss
Its actually at a really good entry point right now !
When did you buy
don't sell link idiot.
Just buy something else with more money
im about to sell at a 80% loss
u retard u want moon mission with in a month, eth took 2 yrs, look at any other coin which is successful, it took them at least a yr or two to get them where they are now.
u week retard can fuck off
Same here and i just bought today at 2630 i mean how fucking hard is it to get on bittrex
They expect some of us in the wreckage brother
do the math dude, like 11.5k sats and i KNOW it aint ever fucking getting back there4 BTC down the shitter but lesson learned last time i listen to fucking biz pajeet shills FUCK you guys for spamming this shit day in day out
go ahead and don't feel the need to rant, dumb fuck
Can someone post some fat Sergey's please?
Here, have a fat Jihan
>boohoo it didn't go 100$ in month!Lmao.
Buy more now and enjoy the fuck out of this in a year or two
i missed so much gains bcause of this retardas if you'd know what to do if your funds weren't tied up in linkthe fact that you're selling now just shows that you're a sheep who'd rather slowly reduce his bankroll chasing pumpsyou can't time this shit without insider info.
If you're constantly moving from coin to coin you'll just end up disappointedthis thing is likely to moon, we just don't know when
just bought today>up 100+ sats>im FUCKING DONE
sell walls getting eated.
its climbing mate
ill buy all your link budlets say 1000 for a tenner?
>tfw down 30kAnd no I didn't buy at the ATH
I'm down 7000% and not even thinking of sellingeven though my rent is due and I'm using my overdraft4k rather than friggin 16k had i sold at ATHI might have to kill or injure a worker for some extra cash
You know damn well it will be at LEAST $1 by EOY.
To sell now is just idiotic.
Put more of your own money into a different coin if anything.
That's not how percentages work.
It's not possible to be down more than 100%, unless margin trading.
-70=current price/price paid - 1 >= 0/price paid -1 =-1Therefore 70<=1.
Check mate.
check out EBET, Op.https://ethbet.io/not trying to shill it except that I just bought it too so I kind of am.
demo coming out soon project is legit af, git commits are amazing.
way more progress than chainlink.
Lel