This is starting to get the attention it deserves.
Good tech pays.
Expect more.
*silently moons*
pump my bags: the post
>unironically sold at 400
Pic related how Bitbay is far more advanced compared to its "competitors".
Syscoin is some shitty centralized thing (PoW, fully moderated, middlemen escrows, closed source frontend etc...).Particl is a rebranded Shadow Cash.
It has no working marketplace & contracting system yet.
The only thing it has is the privacy features thar Shadow Cash had (kinda like Monero).Safex?
It is not mentioned because it is a scam with no product at all.Soon this end of the year Bitbay will release its new website with a new web wallet.
Gonna be huge.
Good ROIs incoming.
It keeps going up guys.
I warned you when the market cap was as low as 15-20m and now it is almost 50m.
When will /biz/ learn?Pic related roadmap.
There is still hope for those that didn't buy yet because the mobile and web wallets will be released soon + the dynamic peg in 2018 (decentralized peg reducing volatility to enable adoption).
MFW THE BAY SHILLS FINALLY PROVIDED ME WITH THE COMFY GAINS AS ADVERTISEDLETS GOOOO
Get on the bay train or get left behind!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA NO BAYERS BTFOFUCK YOUALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS LISTEN
Damn I'm glad I bought this, Up 66% woooooooooo she's going to saturn!
>watch it pump to 698>get sad when it retraces to 630
I don't know if it's my shilling (i'm shilling here for 2 our 3 days) but i didnt expect a mooning so big!
We are recovering in satoshis, i'm so glad i'm all in bitbay!
Is 30k enough to make it guys?
Seems like I should have bought 300k.
not enough
is 30k enoughKEKEK
Fucken shit
I'm poor and could only get 100k
You can do better than that kek.
Hopefully you still have time to accumulate.
Just check out the roadmap .Damn good job anon.Good tech deserves to be pushed forward.
It's saddening to see shitty coins like dogecoins having such a high marketcap while objectively better projects have lesser marketcaps.
Ok if it goes below 500 I'm getting another 100k
I'm jealous!
I only have 67000.Where is the bot FUDING BAY everytime there is a post about it?
Yeah i'm on Bitbay since March.
Watching some shitty coins mooning and Bitbay in a steady decline was really a pain in the ass.
But i bought more at 385 sats so i'm happy right now.
I hope it continues, but i'm holding until rolling peg.
I hope it get pegged to 1 dollars or 10 dollars ahah
Maybe it is not a bot but actual third world pajeets getting paid to post a copy pasta?
Or maybe mods finally banned it or him as I report the post as spam each time.
Anyway if he/it appears I will have to post the screenshot exposing its lying fuds for the 454657th fucking time.You are right to search for an entry point.
That's how you should do it.
Anyway good luck to you anon.
Personally I'm bullish on Bitbay, it has too much good tech to be ignored.
P2p anon marketplaces and trustless contracting is huge.
It has enormous potential for both the mainstream market and the darknet markets.We loose money only if we sell.
When the price is low, it is an opportunity to accumulate.
If you invest in good projects when they are only at their beginning, you are basically guaranteed to make good ROIs.
And Bitbay sure is a good project and sure is at its beginning.
We are gonna get rich with this stuff I'm telling you.
Also check out Blocknet, it has a 110m cap right now but it has so much potential as the first independent DEX and inter-blockchain protocol.
It could become a multi billions project.
And guess what?
They fucking love Bitbay too : https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet/status/922714623333330944.
Would be nice, but won't coins be locked when the peg rolls out?
>tfw I didn't buy Bitbay when it was being shilled by the Ben Carson posterI should have listened to you, sleepy Ben.
I thought this train would wait for me.
tfw I did buy when we had BAYWATCH threadsI'm still down massively in sat value, but in the green fiat-wise
I'm an idiot, I saw this shit 2 weeks ago and wanted to buy, then forgot about it.
The dynamic decentralized peg is only there to eliminate high level volatility that prevents consumer adoption.
Your coins will be safe don't worry.
This kind of peg is good for both investors and users.
It has never been done in crypto.
It is truly a blessing that Bitbay is the first project to bring that to the world.It still have a lot of room to grow.
Just check out .
The dynamic peg of Q2 2018 is the last deadline before Bitbay becomes a top coin.
Find an entry point to invest and you should be good.
Just make sure to track the price during the coming days so that you buy at the cheapest rate.
the dynamic peg just makes the ride more comfy anons
Haha only 62% gain hahaBitbay more like bitGAY ahaHaHahahaHAHAHAAAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
this is a confido ripoff
Cant wait to be Q2 2018, i want to sleep and awake in May
Guys I sold at fucking 475 I am so madPl3ase tell me there is a chance to get in cheaperPLEASE