https://twitter.com/EthbetProject/status/929390534204026882>people said buying EBET was a bad ideahahah wrong again retards
Pretty neat desu.
the only people who said it was a scam were retards that didn't read the discord basically
>bought before the pumptfw
this has been my best low-key coin for awhilereally excited to see where it goes after this shit is released, with bullshit projects like edgless being 50M if this just gets 10M we all +900%fuck yea
Blake is a very collected person.We have had shit-shows like LINK and ODN here.People should have a read of the Discord.
This is very exciting desu
Blake is a very collected person.I had the same impression from the Reddit.
I don't think EBET is a bad coin, Bit Dice is just a better buy.
10M we all +900%I'm happy at 2 MM to be honest.
Bit DiceThe volume of CSNO is manipulated.Then, everytime it goes up the Koreans will dump on you.Good luck.
4304796guess it's nice people seem to like him.since he knows his shit technically would have been super easy for him to launder the money and run so im just happy we're getting the product we paid to have built
do i buy more of thishelp i missed the cheap af ones
where do you think you are?yes, buy it all.
but i only have 1eth left
spend it all on EBET breh, then shill on /biz/ for easy +50%
lol its still 50% below ICO price.so i guess its still a good buy.
It’s literally below ico price.
I am dissatisfied with my investment.
investing during ico and not after the dipwow............................
this is looking pretty good boyosi like how thin the sell wall is, it's only like $5,000 to triple the price hell yea
That video of the UI is worth at least 2 milly market cap.Remember that video of a drone controlled by ethereum smart contract?
The one that was released just as ETH went from $1 to $20?
If the dev can somehow make his smart contract control a drone in Russia which drops ball bearings down a giant pachinko setup to decide the result and then makes a YouTube video of it he will make all of us billionaires
in ICO world, it probably is, yes.
im not sure how this drone thing is relevant though.
just bought 10 on hitbtcwhat next?
Where's the roadmap or at least a timeline of milestones/important dates coming up?
lower house edges will attract serious gamblers - its launching Q1 2018:https://ethbet.io/whitepaper.pdfEBET puts a small fee and is used as the tokens for gambling.
- lowest possible house edge should attract most gamblers over if they can launch a nice UI.
would it still be worth it to just buy a couple hundred tokens?
dont see why not go for it.
easy flip.
it's in the whitepaper as the guy after you said but im not too worried about it really, as long as they get things done which they are
whitepaper was also a great sign in my book.
solid buy desu senpai.
how did you buy some... website is slow af.
yea it takes a min but after you deposit you're set
Did you move your purchase to a E-wallet or left it on the exchange?
if it's a small amount idgaf but i like owning it in my wallet im not selling for a month so
newfag here, if let's say i want to invest 0.3 ETH, what does my order have to include in the details?
hi newfagyou don't want to buy thisnow move along newfag
STOP THIS OVERSHRILLED SHITCOIN.
NO TEAM.
NO PRODUCT YET.
WHY TF WOULD TO GAMBEL UR HARD EARNED CRYPTO.
FUCKING KEK U PAJEET
I do want to buy it though.
WHY TF WOULD TO GAMBEL UR HARD EARNED CRYPTO.Lots of people gamble their crypto.
Move along now tardmaster.
Delicious FUD
literally just deposit and then buyhit market buy and type in how many you want hit the green button lol
etherdelta price is a bit high funny not a ton of arbitrage might buy if it dips too
COORDINATED PND
I think you can only limit order on Etherdelta.
Correct me if i'm wrong.
yea you're correct i thought they meant hitbtc
Should I just put all my ETH into this or is there a chance of ETH increasing?
Bump.
this is based in ETH, why are you taking this much advice from /biz/if you like EBET buy a good amount
Should I just put all my ETHDefinitely.EBET can go 20 times the current price while ETH is going down after the new BTC pump.
There was just some guy saying that ETH would not get below 300 anymore
BUMP THIS NOT MISS EBET
blake flat out seems to have a gifted mind, his knowledge of crypto is astounding.
Good guy in general.
I know I sound like a shill but eh
comfy as fuck.