can someone explain whats going on?All my holdings are in alt-coins
It's autistic screeching.
a quick rundown: https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
so, I should buy BCH then?
damn dude, glad im in the alt market
m-muh alts.
REEEEEEEEE
if you're in alts nothing really matters since if BCH overtakes BTC you'll prob just be able to trade them in BCH instead.
Do people seriously believe this shit?
All crypto is dead except ETHDubs
I'm confused myself.
Is this correct?>Years ago Bitcoin put in place a blocksize limit of 1MB for technical reasons.
That was more than enough when Bitcoin was unknown, but now that Bitcoin is mainstream that small 1MB limit means that transaction fees continue to rise and transaction speeds continue to slow.
It can now take over a day for a transaction to go through and that transaction fees on it can cost a double-digit percentage of the transaction.
This undermines the entire idea of Bitcoin as a replacement for cash.
Bitcoin developers have known about this problem for a long time, but because of different factions that disagree on what to do about it there has been nothing concrete done about it.>A few months ago some people who had enough of all this just forked Bitcoin and called it Bitcoin Cash.
Bitcoin Cash is identical except the blocksize limit has been raised to 8MB, effectively solving the problem for the foreseeable future.
But only a few people moved to Bitcoin Cash for various reasons, among them that it isn't the 'original' Bitcoin and the developers of the original Bitcoin promised that they would fix the blocksize limit problem soon anyway.>Unfortunately, disagreements about how to fix Bitcoin have continued and no solution is in sight.
All that has happened on the original Bitcoin are some highly questionable changes that don't fix the core issue and threats of further forks.
The latest 'fix' just collapsed.>So with Bitcoin developers unable to come to a decision Bitcoin miners have ganged together and made the decision for them.
That decision is to increase the blocksize limit to 8MB, and since that is exactly what Bitcoin Cash is that means they have just moved there and money has followed suit.
?