>still cash flow negative>needs taxpayer welfare to survive>dozens of problems and complaints with current cars>already shilling new products to just get investor moneyI agree electric cars, and self driving cars, are the way of the future, but this just seems like one big scam company to me.
Just preying off of people's love for Elon Musk and futuristic science stuff.Is Tesla a fucking meme brand or what?
Young padawan, you'll soon realize money is a scam.
Tesla will be bankrupt in 10-15 years
money is a scam.
buy btc
Tesla: Burning you in more ways than one since 2003.
>I agree electric cars, and self driving cars, are the way of the futureWhy?
Because you hear it on tv?
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-25/u-k-to-ban-diesel-and-petrol-cars-from-2040-daily-telegraph
The irony is the mining and processing the lithium needed for one of those batteries uses the same Co2 output of 8 years of driving the average gas vehicle.
Then these batteries have a 4 year lifecycle.
These things a significantly more polluting when you do the math.
They just took out a 1/4 Billion dollar loan from rich kids wanting a $250k car that won’t even release for three years.
Interest free.I think theirs two major issues they’ll face that might actually cause them serious damage.
First, all the “fully autonomous” systems they’re selling are clearly not capable of this functionality.
They have a disclaimer, but the technology doesn’t exist for it to function in inclement weather and I can see a class action being handed over false claims.Second, once mode 3 orders start being delivered and breaking down, leaving average consumers stranded like an old fiat, their reputation will take a major hit.GM buyout by 2022.
Screencap this.
Do you just keep making this shitty thread every day?Also the Model X is comfy as fuck
and breaking downSince when have Tesla products been unreliable?
So when are we going to use cold fusion as a fuel source?
muh lithium >mug argument from futility If you were actually informed you would know that while Tesla produces much more carbon than they prevent right now, Tesla cars become carbon neutral in 8 years.
The long term effect of this, plus finishing the gigafactory guarantees a carbon negative future for Tesla.
https://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/no-tesla-batteries-are-not-a-global-warming-disaster
If Tesla survives for 10-15 years they are going to be one of the biggest tech companies in the world, if not the biggest.
>Company produces good products>General consumers don't give a fuck about their profitability or how they make their money>OP confused as to why people like Tesla
it's dead now that he pissed off the hand that feeds him
uses the same Co2 output of 8 years of driving the average gas vehicleFake news faggot year lifecycleAre you retarded?First, all the “fully autonomous” systems they’re selling are clearly not capable of this functionality.
They have a disclaimer, but the technology doesn’t exist for it to function in inclement weather and I can see a class action being handed over false claims.The full autonomy option is literally a prasale with the full capability scheduled for 2019 iirc.
You can get it 2k cheaper now or wait for the release, brainlet.>Second, once mode 3 orders start being delivered and breaking down, leaving average consumers stranded like an old fiat, their reputation will take a major hit.Since you obviously have a crystal ball, when is LINK going to moon?
correct, thats widely known.
but local pollution where these cars are used is significantly less.also, battery tech as well as energy sources will become much more efficient in the future.
'kickstarting' electric cars is driving the research, infrastructure and adoption, paving the way for a better future.always think the big picture.Model 3 rollout will show if its legit pioneering or meme company
The Issue with an electric car is Batteries The Battery technology hasnt really advanced in 30 years.
Unless you find a better alternative to batteries as your source of power then electric cars wont work.
Right now if you want to take a Road trip in ur tesla you cant.
Your trip can only take you to places that have charging stations Their trying to push 20 year old technology as a new thing its not.
its been done before and failed before dont put ur money into this or it'll disappear.
We've got a rover on Mars Why go there again.
Ohhh but MUH earth will be uninhabitable MARS IS ALREADY UNIHABITABLE if you cant fix earth WHY would you think you could fix mars.
The Issue with an electric car is Batteries The Battery technology hasnt really advanced in 30 years.There's very promising research on next-generation batteries going on right now.
Solid-state batteries headed by the same guy who co-invented lithium-ion batteries
There's been "very promising research" on batteries for years now but it never makes it to the market.
Can some of u guys financially support my open source ev company?
Im poor and have no money.If u guys want to preorder ill take 1000 off the msrp.
Get a real job.
It's about financing not making a real product for people to use.
Shit is so detached from reality at this point that it's going to collapse.
ThisTesla is so balls deep in the debt game - their survival is partly a function of how low rates stay>look at total debt raised to finance burn
The General motors EV1 produced in 1996 was a hybrid car could go 70-90 miles on electricity alone SO 20 FUCKING YEARS LATER still not much better
It was full electric.
GM made it lease only and demanded the cars back from people who liked them and crushed them in a desert.Evs are really simple and they didn't want it catching on to sell hummers.
Witnessed
Who's that?
not really, in 10-15 years electric cars won't be more than 30% of all cars.
If they're the only brand doing it they would get pretty big but they're not
Get money firstDeliver way later+++Profit?50k downpayment on the roadster.
well it's a cheap way to get an interest free loan for your company.
Getting the government to subsidize your company while still remaining independent is one hell of a business plan Man
Musk makes a shit ton of money off of space x though.
Its actually bending the competition over and cumming inside them like a rabid nigger.
Beheld
There's literally nothing that side of the car which is combustible
No.
4chan is just full of right wing retards who automatically hate anything even remotely associated with liberalism.
which alternative energy is.Stay poor and bitter.
Fuck off, 4 chan stands against the botnet.Sell me an electric car I can upgrade and repair myself.
They won't and never will.
'Buying' a car is a service now, like getting a uber.
Get with the program GOYIM
Thank you for proving my point.
4452862I proved your point by building my own EV for $3k that uses off the shelf parts and none of tesla's 'innovation'?Sorry I care about actual innovation and freedom.https://www.teslarati.com/think-twice-buying-salvaged-tesla-model-s/Open source motor controller which has gone defunct cause the internet is shit and no one cares.http://ecomodder.com/wiki/index.php/Open_ReVolt
Tesla and SpaceX are pushing the U.S. forward in technology.
NASA is saving money with the SpaceX contract.
The U.S. government won't let these companies or Elon fail.
4452862I proved your point by building my own EV for $3k that uses off the shelf parts and none of tesla's 'innovation'?Sorry I care about actual innovation and freedom.https://www.teslarati.com/think-twice-buying-salvaged-tesla-model-s/Open source motor controller which has gone defunct cause the internet is shit and no one cares.http://ecomodder.com/wiki/index.php/Open_ReVoltNone of your fucking drones care, buy a new iphone.