Salt lending is the pick.Dont question whyDont call me a cuck nigJust call me a god when you see it release tomorrow at 5PM ET.I warned you.SALT LENDING / SALT
cuck nig
Nigger cuck

they said december though
I got tons of it, team, white paper, and whole project looks solid as fuck, imo one of the best crypto in past few years.
Agreed.
I think it will do really well.Will the SALT platform creators raise the token price above $25 though if the market quickly reaches that value?
It seems like unless they do, it will stagnate at that price and then volume on exchanges would drop like crazy.
I don't think they will, seems a bit unfair to me.Also, to be honest it's like one of it's kind project, so it really has something to it.
I wonder how many cryptos will it support on release, but I guess we have fun times ahead.
4457857They have said they plan to raise it.
25USD is just a minimum they have semi-pledged to not go below.
salt really is undervalued and doesn't get justed too much when btc goes up..im in
How u know its gonna be released tomorrow coz i know its gonna moon so if u have any evidence ima put 1k in it
Yep this one is gonna crack hard and quick sometime soon
Sitting on 5k at 1.50. my body is ready ..
I have been waiting for a long time
Amazed it hasnt already
I am only sitting on 0.056 BTC in SALT but I am still new to Crypto with not a lot to invest.
Hopefully the gainz lets me get my foot in the door a little more.
The problem with salt right now is that it will only use BTC as collateral at first, and likely without very high margins, probably 30% at most.And BTC is going to get flipped with BCH.It's a good platform but there is uncertainty.
The stability of loans is directly affected by the stability of BTC, and that might discourage people from wanting to take loans with their BTC as collateral.
Its btc dips caused by bcc that damages the product though, who wants to use btc as collateral if a death spiral or tether bubble kills its value?
Gotta start somewhere.
Hopefully it will give you a good kickstart.
fake news.. look at the website
I read somewhere that the platform will generally try to keep an equilibrium between collateral and value within 80%.
If someone uses BTC as collateral and then BTC drops like a stone, then then borrower will be asked to put up more collateral to meet the value.
If they can't, the lender can choose to liquidate the collateral.
However, it works in the opposite direction too if the value of the collateral increases I think.
Yes, all loans are over-collateralized and the lender will ask before liquidating giving the borrower time adjust.
What is so cool is it's not liquidating .5btc , they have it set to liquidate to the 1000th.
So the borrower doesn't lose their ass without knowing.
This will be 2018 top 10.
What exactly is fake news?
At launch there will be only BTC collateral according to their own roadmap.445817680%, so BTC is 100% while USD is 80%, meaning a mere 25% margin.In a megadip or a crash that goes over a day happens, most borrowers won't have the time to add additional BTC, assuming they even have additional BTC to add, and for those that do, the forced sales caused by those who didn't and get margin called will further drive down the price of BTC until it destroys the margins of most of those who added additional BTC.
Salt is a BTC flash crash timebomb waiting to happen.Even if the flippening wasn't about to happen in a week, Salt needs to rethink its margins.I shilled salt a lot on this board and I bought in in the 2.5-3USD range, but when the BCH vs BTC wars started I sold immediately at 4USD.The war is going to suck money out of most alts until its over, and even if it doesn't the rate of adoption of the platform from the borrower side is very uncertain so long as the sword of damocles hangs over BTC.
There's just no way I would feel comfortable using BTC as my collateral right now until the BTC/BCH thing reaches a resolution and the Tether/Bitfinex thing resolves also.
Imagine if BTC dipped 50% or more and you get a call from SALT saying you have to add more.
It would be nice if they could add options for collateral in more stable crypto like Ripple.
can use dash, eth, bcc, btc that i can see on the website
If they let you put up multiple cryptos as collateral for the one loan, it seems like it is just a matter of finding the right combination to have as little volatility as possible.
If they had BCH, you could just go 50/50 between BTC and BCH.
those will be implemented later but at first right now they aren't able to be used
On that 2 part interview on the Appetite for Disruption podcast, I though they mentioned combining digital assets to optimize the loan?
That's for the future according to their roadmap, months away from launch.
Understood, well I got in at 1.50 and it only cost me 7500.00 I just need 30k by August to pay off my college debt.
Staying in until summer I guess.
Salt is a no-brainer.
i had the choice of this or COSS a month ago.
i chose COSS.
Sitting on a comfy 1070 SALT, cant wait for it to hit roughly 20 USD EOY 8)
Just read the whitepaper I like the idea.
Seems pretty legit and the team has some good people on board.
Looking for a entry point atm
so what the price prediction after release?
it's going to pump and then get dumped by whales?