GET IN NOW IF YOU LIKE COMFY GAINS
2 hours before amerifats wake up get on this shit early
Ugh, maybe if you posted an hour ago.
Looking like a trap at this point.
POWR has government fundingno traps here, sir.
just comfy gains
That was hours ago, I got out with a stop loss :(
Its so fucking hilarious that people are treating this as a short term gainer.
Even with this pump its relatively the lowest it will ever be.
already 100m mcthats a no from me brah
have you seen the roadmap?see you at 0.0005
I want to believe but I'm not convinced.
Maybe I'll just put in $100 now and hope it becomes something.
This.
I'm in it long term.
Can't wait to look down from $1.00+ at all the weak dick poorfags who sold out in the red, or for 2-3% profit.
pumped in every way1.
Binance2.
Bittrex3.
Government support4.
PBCwhat else is left I am curious?
Decent project but it is severley overvalued for me, so no thanks..
Fuck, I sold this shit at a 0.5% gain because I was scared it'd drop and it goes up 100 satoshis instantly.
,5% gain... you may want to switch to stocks
Yeah that was pretty weak, best part is knowing that if I go back in now it'll bomb instantly too.
So many weak hands dont understand how steady this pump will be
I only own 2000 POWR, wish I bought moar
That's what you fags say every time.
Australian Government funding Dunno if you live down under mate but everything our government tries to do is a complete failure
They have no developmental control except property control... again bag holders trying to find excuses in irrelevant politics.
It says something that they have nearly no control and yet still fund it
It's a grant for money $$.
The government don't own it.
Just like FilmVictoria grants.
I own none of this shitcoin
Oh sweet is the p&d in shill mode already.
Well I’m glad I just sold and set the rebuy to 7200.
Am I doing it right?
not a pump.looks like real organic growth.
the real pump will comecurrently 2 am in Australia.
wait until the aussie racist roundeyes wake up tomorrow and it's on the news.it's a shit coin.
but BIZ we're in it to profit.
GL
I want to buy moar when will it come down to 3000 sats again -.- I want to load up more but I was sleeping
Sure thing bud.
That’s why I’ve tripled my stack in 3 days flipping this shit.
It’s super easy to p&d coins and tokens with real world backing and rumours.
Meanwhile the next big thing is probably sitting at around 20mil marketcap and going completely under the radar (look at ALIS).
Power might make you 3-4x if you just hold.
thanks.
will do, shall look into ALIS.man the jap team, all the guys have plucked eye brows lol
Lol yeah.
Solid project tho.
It might go down a bit more still.
To give you fair warning.
I bought in at about 3000 satoshis and it was up to 11000 the other day.
It’s pretty easy to flip and should make a big buck soon.
It shows ups go back up to 8500 within 12 hours and may end up dropping slowly back towards 3000. it’s still worth buying into now if you flip it at the top.
No idea when it will noon long term but it should get into the top 100 soon and it’s not even 30mil market cap yet.
$$$$
You think itll go as high a 8k within 12h?
at least, maybe within 6 hours.
It has the potential to get to 9999 again maybe.
Then it will prob sink to 5-6k.
No idea where it will stabilise but most of yesterday’s bag holders are at 8750-9250 so they should sell around there again but who knows if it will break through and get higher again.
Maybe they will be stuck with bags forever but the charts have been pretty clear on the way it’s been moving lately.
Steadily down but with big spikes and the projects looking like a 30mil market cap one within a few months, so it’s all good.
I wouldn’t be surprised to see this in the top 50 within 6 months.
thank god I impulsively bought it this morning
Lol it’s already up 1200 satoshis since my first post.
Hopefully refuelling to 9k.
It could easily crash back down again now but hopefully not.
I’ve got my sell set at 8950 but anything could happen.
I would make nearly 20% selling now but I am way to greedy lol.