Gentlemen,I've been investigating and documenting about cryptocurrencies for a fair amount of time now, with the objective of becoming a trader.Studying and doing my best to understand tools like the RSI, MACD, moving average, volume, candlesticks and chart patterns [...]So I finally decided to give it a shoot, day trading a little bit with a ridiculous amount and so far I've been able to make a lot of micro benefices (nothing but benefit, no less so far)But I came to realize that the tools I listed above mostly apply to long term investment or middle at the best, and when day trading they are not that optimal, or are they?Maybe I interprete them wrongly, and this is why I came here.
What are the most important tools that I should investigate as a day trader?Thanks for reading.
Learn to trade with Ichimoku Clouds!
It works amazingly well in crypto with 4h candles
short iota at 100x
market indicators are fractal, which means as long as you set your time scale, they can apply to any length.
So it would be appropriate to use what your using for daytrading.
from my experience, best is looking for support resistance lines and playing that.
Bollinger bands are also somewhat helpful.
Really, you have to get comfortable with looking at charts to do well.
keep training anon, good luck
I'll admit that Ichimoku Clouds are one of the things I added to my "to investigate" list but I didn't bother yet, for the mere reason that I read about it here.. on 4chan.
Can anyone confirm this or is it a meme?I pretty much rely on support lines alone during my day trading sessions that's why I was thinking that I missed something bigger, I'll go read about "Bollinger bands" thank you.
Yeah, noticed that too.
Plus, crypto market is new, digital and doesn't follow conventional rules.
ichimoku is a waste of time, also the only thing id consider trading in 4h is btc
RSI is great for 1m charts.
Buy when a coin hits 20 or below on RSI and sell in 5 minutes for 5-10% gains.
Sorry for somewhat bumping, but has anybody got something to add?
Either way thanks for the serious answers already, that was a pleasant surprise.
Consider Bollinger Bands
I might give the hammer type trend reversals a ago.https://www.slideshare.net/LanceIppolito/trading-candlestick-patterns-with-volume-confirmation