41% of my portfolio is omg and im sick of holding a 7 dollar coin
Send it to me i can hold it for you
yeah, thinking of selling this shit and investing in projects that can actually bring in some $$.
So many missed opportunities so far bc of the OMG bags I've been holding for the past 3 months.
Go in RDN, they release a product for end of this month, this move fast.
Sell your shit at a loss, do it faggot.
This was a long term hold anyhow, you clearly have not read up on it.
But don't come crying to the board when this thing eventually flies past Pluto.
>buying scamtokens of a 3rd world startup
90% of my portfolio is tied up in OMG.
Took some leftover BTC and caught the NEO moon rocket just in time.
Sold my bags near the top and bought more OMG to only get cucked with big red candles again.
Fuck this piece of shit.
i read up on omisego alotthe thing that gets me the most is the roadmap.they clearly have plasma chief architect working with them, but what if they decide to release plasma first?
this could slowly dip until the next big news and who the fuck knows when we actually get plasma
third world>a place where 80% of people dont have a bank account but a smartphone
REQ is coming for you lady boys.
Literally.They announced relocating to Singapore.
i dont hold req, but its built on 0x and cvc, which i own, so maybe if it goes big i benefit anyway
https://blog.request.network/omisego-vs-request-network-a-detailed-analysis-779d1f66675bholding both comfy as fuck
You should have known this coin was a shit when they did the Google office picture
Singapore has ladyboy?
muh value of a single coinTotally irrelevant.
If all OMG was divided by 100 and it was now a 700 dollar coin, would it matter?No.OmiseGo is one of the more priced in products though and it has many competitors.
I'd definitely put my shekels in something else.
It is highly unlikely it will significantly pump before launch whether there are more stickers under his skateboard or not.
This shit is more boring than litecoin.
Oh well at least im not holding walton
Retarded FUDfag thinking only in terms of flip price.Enjoy day trading while real investors find the true protocol coins
What's the difference between REQ and OMG>let's listen to what REQ says about itHow stupid can you be
?
Do you mean OmiseBro is a high value protocol coin or did you think I meant that it is?Personally I think there are far better protocol coins than OmiseBro to put shekels in.
I don't own a single OmiseBro
there is a big difference between omg and reqreq is a platform for payments requests, omg is a decentralized bank and an asset exchange that means that omg will be the first bank to work globally without having to comply within state jurisdictions and regulation
you think there are things better than plasma?or am i going to see you respond that plasma is vaporware and that it will never actually come to fruitionbecause if its the latter, just save the energy and dont fucking respond to me.
payments requestsWhy do you even need a network for requesting payment.
It's called "talking".
Then you use OMG when you actually want to transact
you can check everything for yourself
because you need a mediator when making deals between people.
this is simply automating it
Why does paypal even exist man.
OMG does this
Is there literally ANY reason for investing in REQ other than>muh look at OMG>muh it's the same thing priced way lowerBut it isnt.
It's completely derivative tech that doesn't even DO everything OMG does written by people far less capable and intelligent than the fucking Ethereum team.
I fucking hate how shilly this fucking board is.The people who are able to ignore their investment for 12 months are really the best situated here
Walton is actually a decent buy right now, probably gonna be a decent trading coin with 25% swings in value I reckon.And Litecoin has been making solid gains recently, it was under 50 bucks a couple months ago.