FUN is about to fucking EXPLODE in the next day or so.Get in now or live a life without FUN
why?
Because it pumped in the last few days, OP bought at the high, now he's trying to offload his bags.FUN is a great long-term hold but it's being shilled hard by bag-holders who are starting to panic atm.
Wait for weak hands to panic sell them pick it up cheap.
Isn't it cheap right now?
This was steady at .03 a month ago and went down 50% like a lot of alts.
It isn't pumping, it is recovering.
So yes it is cheap, but I wouldn't fomo expecting to miss a moon.
Buy it if you think it is worth something.
(I got 20k atm from .015)
its not pumped, sttill in a dipthis is the calm before the storm
: look at their roadmap2: look at the trend3: Novogratz re-bought into the project for 20M privately4: casino industry needs this tech and so does online gambling if it ever wants to be taken seriously5: ATL6: A breakout is coming.No.
I literally bought at 250 sats and I expect at least a 4x in the next month.The cheapest it'll ever be.
bump for my bizbros
why the fuck are you not listening bros.we got token being burned.we got big investorswe got casinos (the true degenerates)we got cheap coin still in the dipGET ON THE FUCKING TRAIN.
I DONT WANT TO DUMP MY FUCKING BAGS.
just look whats happening in the last few days....this is not a fucking pump.
We are preparing to a major liftoff.
Isn’t this banned in the US?
Shit pajeet/chink coin
FUN > rum + caribbean brothel
Filled my bags all the way down from 300 sats to 190 and back to 220... HODL for 1200 sats min
thanks for reaffirming bro, i don't know why biz is so fucking retarded this is one of the easiest picks of my life and no one is shilling it at allI did some stupid TA, my guess when a small breakout may occur.
It'll definitely happen as soon as news spreads about their releases in Q1.Get on board while its cheap nerds
Why the fuck would a coin relating to making gambling more trustworthy be banned in the US?FUDnigger spotted
Dumb name for a dumb coin
looks like someone wants to never have fun for the rest of their livesenjoy wagecucking pajeet
i missed the old fun memes always made me smile>always wanted to clown around with her
Don't buy op's bagsThat garbage is in freefall
top kekim in at 250 but okay guy