What's the most likely factor to crash the US Stock market right now in your opinion?
Most of the people who say the market will crash have decent evidence that the market is heading that way, but what's going to push it over the edge?
Oh there's a lot of stuff, our market is retarded because if loans.
The biggest bubble is student loans that the graduated cannot pay back, a callback to the housing crash caused by the same kind of unpayable debt.
Speaking of, we only kind of learned our lesson from that crash, but lenders are largely doing the same kind of thing.
My vote is the student loan bubble, because saddling a generation of people with huge debt is one of the most retarded moves in history.
I think if geothermal energy starts to gain traction and displaces the oil industry fast enough it could trigger a collapse as well.
A China / Saudi / Russia / Iran arrangement.
Petroyuan and its all over for Uncle Sam
Student loan debt is definitely a problem, but I don't see it causing a dramatic crash.
For one thing, the information is very transparent.The housing crash took people by surprise because the riskiness of the loans were disguised by nicely packaged CDO's.And when houses started foreclosing, lenders were caught with toxic loans that wouldn't be paid back, hence big crash.You can't walk away from a student loan by declaring bankruptcy.
Uncle Sam will follow your ass to the grave.
This has big implications for the future of the US economy, but it mitigates the risk for a dramatic crash
Thanks for insight.
You're right about the housing crash taking people by surprise, whereas student loans are a very public issue.
This in mind, it'd make sense for the economy to rot because of student loans, but maybe not a 100 to 0 crash like op wonders about.
Its going to have a 10% retracement at mosttheres no reason for a crash or recession to happen
Retail?Car financing?MoviePass is the shining example of complete stuffing of money.
It's like that episode of Mr Bean in a restaurant where he tries to stuff minced meat into flower vase, pockets and everything he sees around him.
sauce?Conditions are too loose.
They are still stimulating the economy 10 years after.
It will not end well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6QqSxmpRMM
Also consider what a fabulous mechanism student loans offer!
It let's the gov fuel the war machine without having to deal with the bad publicity of being an authoritarian regimeUS: Hey there, disadvantaged and able bodied youth, little bum fuck nowhere shit with some sliver of a dream to better your shitty life, come fight for me and I'll make sure you never see the debt those other shmucks are dealing with!
I'll just take their payments, credit it to you, you murder for me, it all comes out in the wash!
Little shit: I'll get so much pussy, and also free education sounds pretty cool.
Everyone wins!
I used to think the Stock Market would crash, but it looks more and more like the Bond market will crash, and money will flee to stocks propping up the market.
he fell for the petrodollar meme Kek
The fact that global trade is done in USD is propping it up.
Remove that and US will need to play even which means becoming poorfags.
No you fucking moron.
Oil has value regardless of the dollar.
The dollar is used because it is the worlds most widely held currency.
It is also considered the strongest and most dependable.
It is used for convenience, similarly to how bitcoin is used to trade alts.
If this were to change it would have a slight/negligible effect on the strength of the dollar.
The petrodollar is often used to disassociate the real reason the United States is in the Middle East (Zionism).
I see you listened to the Jew Peter Schiff podcast, good lad
I dont think it would crash at all theres no reason for it.At worst case scenario the tax plan isnt passed and possibly we would face the 10% correction they are always talking about.
Stocks have gone up a ton this year and I think some are getting to the point of overvalued.
Student loans
butthurt fag from /pol/ detectedNobody questions the value of oil as a commodity.
Strawman bull.The US owns the currency used in world trade so it throws it's weight around.
You don't have that leverage if they trade in Yuan.Nobody gives 2 shits about Jews.I did the math when reading the article on slashdot before he mentioned it, I was surprised he did.
They are clearly using their Netflix fame to pump debt.
he thinks the world should trade in a currency that is known to manipulate its own value through dollar reserves >he doesn’t realize America is the worlds strongest economy and the dollar is the middleman because of its reputation as the worlds reserve currency>he doesn’t believe Zionism has a stranglehold on US foreign policy Jew detected.
Collapse of paper gold market then mass inflation then the fed will not be able to continue to prop up stock exchange.
Look for 1330/ounce 1/01/2018The fed has no more tricks up it's sleeve this is the end of the usd and we will witness the collapse that has been put off since 1929