what coin do i need to go to lamboland?
Fresh off the boat?
Buy Link and hold for a year.
How long will we have to accumulate LINK?
Hm, this is a tough one.
Let's see, so far only one coin has ever been used to purchase a Lamborghini and only one coin has endured and remained on top as shitcoins have risen and fallen by the wayside.So I'm gonna say... Bitbean?
I'll gift you anons with some knowledge since I am finished accumulating for the month and I'm ready to ride out some gains.
The key in this alt bear market is small cap/micro caps....CFD market cap was $5M last I checked which is an absolute steal for that project (despite it rocketing up last week).
I'm in a group that has been accumulating/buying since it hit ED and most people have sell targets in the 20-29M market cap range.. this will 2-3x easy in the short term, even in a bear market.
Most of the flippers/non-believers have been shaken out during its last bull run (it just got listed on 4 exchanges, which is what everyone was waiting for to dump their ICO bags).
I'm holding mid-long term... this is a solid idea for a project and I really believe in Joost..
I predict 30-50M market cap by mid 2018 and maybe higher in the long term.PRIX is another absolute steal IMO and a bunch of people in my group have been quietly accumulating since hitting ED.
The idea is absolutely necessary and inevitable IMO and the team has made it clear they are serious about going all the way with the project.
They raised 2.5M for their sale last week and it's currently trading below presale price (which is pretty disappointing for me since I bought a bunch at ICO) but I honestly think it will rocket up.
Marketcap is literally less than 1M right now and the team is trying to do the same thing that Orchid will be doing next year.
Orchid has TONS of institutional investors and they want to raise 200M for their project.
Even if PRIX made it to 10% of Orchids hardcap that would be 20x at current prices.
Once this coin hits an exchange it will go 2-3x easy.
Til it moons
But it moons in December