If the owners of BCash cared so much about how Bitcoin ideally should be, or Satoshi's vision or all that stuff, why did they include replay protection instead of fighting it out regularly?A gigantic percentage of BTC users wouldn't take sides in such case and just hoped the best would win so that we could move on.Is there a single logical explanation besides creating money out of thin air?
>inb4 bcash has no ownersIt does and you know it.
no its all about the money
I know but Cash shills need to think about that for a minute.
Especially non-paid ones.
Bumping cause I feel bad for you.
4347145You know we can see you samefagging, corecuck
4347221corecucks are getting pretty pathetic desu
My question has always been why they didn't just start a new coin.
Instead they want to risk my money.
it makes me seriously consider quitting crypto
How long have you been buying/investing in crypto?
Because why should they?
Since last year sometime.
Don't have a war chest built up yet.
4347934Do you know what bumping means?
I bumped my own topic.
Because I feel bad for you and want you to understand things.
Are you really that dumb?
Because why should they?You are totally right.
They have to fiduciary responsibility.
Let's all just scam and stab everyone in the back.
So the incumbents would be equally vested in the forked chain, in terms of the percentage ownership.
Tbf their intentions and business has been on BTC all the time so it's fair that they are doing all this while they're keeping themselves attached to the Bitcoin brand.
But the replay protection is inexplicable.
4347934I'm so amazed by how stupid you are, I have to come back to it again.
This is what eating plain rice for 20 years does to the brain.
Part of me just wished you idiots can make it so that you can have access to meat or fish or somehting.
You know, something with protein.
Anything to keep your brain from being falling to pieces.
It is quite clear you have almost no idea what you are talking about.
Your OP and this post contradict each other.Sit down and learn how blockchains work.
Till then stop shitting up /biz/
Not making BCH asic-resistant while having replay protection was a mistake.
It should have been either segwit1x or segwit2x.Now we have this mess: two chains fighting over a mining cartel and causing chaos.
That wouldn't make sense, since the whole bch thing is about gaining monopoly over the mining.
Jihan's company Bitmain is the largest miner farm in china.
Also they are one of the very few companies that make asic-miners.
That's why they are pushing for larger blocks, as it prevents the average joe from participating in the mining.
Wanted to tag this guy 
4347841>corecuckLets break this one down, [Core]: A group of tried and tested competent programmers who have gotten bitcoin where it is today.
[Cuck] The go-to insult of 2017, when you have literally nothing else you can insult someone for.And every single one of the shills uses this same term, almost like one guy thought of it and passed a note around.
Honestly I'm starting to think the people on biz shilling for BCH are from Russian PR farms.
This level of damage control.
A group of tried and tested competent programmers who have gotten bitcoin where it is today.Trips of truth.
Core has indeed taken over from the original Bitcoin developers and gotten it to where it is today, a speculative, unusable shitstorm that helps the banks instead of hurting them.
Yes its crazy how much damage control you BCH shills are pushing.
Its too late Ivan.
People mine bitcoin with asics why does it matter if its asic resistant?
There are plenty of coins out there that are.
He's not OP, I am.
Is everyone ITT hand-picked to practice some sort of perfect dumbness?
4348469>this rhetoric>these nonsensical accusations >complete lack of argumentsI can't believe I'm getting the election all over again.
DIS GON BE GUD
I meant a different hashing algorithm actually.
same ID>somehow expect us to believe you are different peoplethe absolute state of corecuckistan.
Honestly I'm starting to think the people on biz shilling for BCH are from Russian PR farms.Playing the Nazi card when things don't go the way Core wants.
Let the market decide.
OK, this is either master level of trolling or I'm dead and landed on some Chinese ghetto.
I'll fight my way out.In this post, you are replying to the following post:This post is not written by me, OP, who has the following ID:JLoWPejcBut the post that you have replied to, is written by the person with the following ID:OvdOVLWJPlease make it stop for fuck's sake.
I'm losing so many IQ points here.
If you had IQ points to begin with you wouldn't ask stupid questions.
nazi cardwhat the fuck are you talking about?This FUD>This lack of arguments at allRule 1. always accuse your opponents of what you are actually doing to confuse the audience.
I'm done.
This is not even shilling, this is plain trolling.
You never even got started though?
This fucking derailment.
If you can't win, just post inane shit until the thread dies.
You fuckers are ruining this board, but you won't ruin bitcoin.
Bitcoin Cash simply saw an opportunity and took it.
Cash may be playing the bad guy here but their role is necessary in order for bitcoin to grow stronger.Core on the other hand did nothing.
Which is absolutely the worst thing you can do when your surroundings are growing exponentially.
Bitcoin Cash is the direct result of Bitcoin Cores inaction.Core no longer has an unlimited timeframe to find a solution.
They must act or die.
Too late, Core ruined Bitcoin.It's ok though, BCH and XMR will take up the slack.
but you won't ruin bitcoinWe don't have to.
Core and Blockstream are doing that all their own.
They must act or die.That part is true, but BCH is fucked either way.
If it gains massive adoption the blocksize will eventually lead to fragmentation and centralization.
same phenomena
I start and finish real fast.
You should know.
BTC is already heavily centralized.
Something will take its place one day (and it won't be a BTC fork)
4348711Identical talking pointsShut the fuck up you fucking tweedles.
XMR Kek turns out all you ever cared about was CP and meth money.
Having problems in payment lately?
fastCorecucks don't know what fast is, thoughidentical talking pointsPretty hilarious coming from a /r/bitcoin corecuck shillHaving problems in payment lately?Not at all, that's kind of the fucking point, lol
Maybe we know what we're talking about.
You've probably never even read the bitcoin whitepaper, you Taco Bell nigger.
So you're admitting that your CP and meth payments are running smooth and fast eh?
I wish they didn't.
I wish they didn't.lol k. No need to wish others down to Bitcoin's level, anon.
No bruh, I wouldn't wish what you have on my worst enemy.
I was worried that you were gone for a few minutes there.
Thought you went to see some more CP or do more crystal meth.
Get well soon.
being this butthurtIt's ok, you can still your BTC anon.
Get out while you can.
So can you.
It's never too late for therapy.
I don't own any though.
OK anon I just did it to get even but this was actually fun.
It would have been more fun if you stopped banging on about your memorized shill though.
I have stuff to do now so I'll leave.Oh, and thanks for putting loads of nonsense answers to my thread and making my legitimate question in the OP (that still got no real replies btw) appear on the first page.
legitimatelol nahoh, and the answer is because cash knew they were a minority fork.
It's a simple as that.
They dont care at all about cryptos.
People like mcafee and other shills care only profits, and because they are miners they always move from a new shitcoin to another as btc mining becomes more expensive
Taco Bell NiggerYou can't hurt me by calling me a corecuck, so you switch to that?
Are you a new user :^)?
/thread