Someone told me that the BCH mining difficulty doubles 24 hours from now.
Is this true?
If not where can I look at the difficulty?
BRAAAAAAAAAAAP
Sweet mother $#%#@$#@$ that ass
That's one lucky rail.
god damn we need more big booty slants
That girl is asian
It doesn't double, it multiplies by 5 (+400% is the maximum difficulty increase allowed, iirc) Fork.lol has most of the info you'll need concerning BCH and BTC
It doesn't double, it multiplies by 5What happens then?I'm scared.
I would love to smell that stinky beam after it sitting in her ass like that.
Why not just smell her ass directly?
thats disgusting!
but sniffing toilet seats is ok
Toilet seats are only good for slurping piss off of after drunks chicks use them.They don't absorb smells all that well.
In reply to: 
I came here from /pol/ and frankly sir I am disgusted by you.
Congratulations have a kek on me.
You think this is a game or something?
So does it mean in about 24 hours btc is more 2.36x more profitable to mine.
Will this cause a rise in price??
REMOVE THIS POST I STILL NEED TO DUMP
gl getting your btc out.
fork.lol you fucking moron
Then BTC goes on a bull run and BCH's hashrate returns to ~10.7% of the total SHA-256 hashrate, as opposed to the current 47.5%.
The bull run will likely be muted by the Koreans' ddos on BTC's tiny pathetic unacceptable fucking 1MB block size.
But BCH almost certainly dumps, and almost certainly after 3:50 PM PST tomorrow.
(estimated time of BCH retarget)
doublesahahahahahahahahaha
Yes, the difficulty will adjust in less than 24 hours.
Miners will probably go back to BTC but not all, so BCH will adjust down to 1k I presume.
t. Corecuck
I've come to a much better understanding of the blockchain, difficulties, max block sizes, and the differences between the forks lately, but I still don't get why hashrate is positively correlated with price.
Doesn't slowing down the rate of increase of supply (like decreasing block rewards every 4 years or so) cause deflation and price increase?
and it will adjust by 400%
You're bringing your dumb bipartisan/console war/faction mentality into a place where it doesn't belong, you dumb ogre.
My trying to predict price action, and my prediction favoring one side, doesn't mean I'm loyal to that side.
I wouldn't think the increase of supply would really deflate the value of the coin as long as the market is still there.
Since August, all I've noticed is that price would fall for BTC or BCH whereever the miners would go.
DESU this time might be different.
Usually when the miners would rush to BCH, the price would actually decrease because they would be dumping their rewards for BTC but this time it seems to be different.
I'm playing the long game here, going with the coin that I believe can actually scale and has practical utility.
Once the EDA is updated for BCH I think we'll be in a much better position.
Price determines hashrate ideally, because miners move to the best profit.
However due to the lags in the difficulty mechanisms, there is not a very good correspondence.Big swings in hashrate and difficulty are unfortunate because they mean that blocks are over-mined or under-mined.
When undermined, transaction fees shoot up.
Oh okay so price determines hashrate, not the other way around.
That must mean that the attack on BTC is causing people to leap to the more stable fork, causing price increase, causing hashrate increase (until 21 hours from now).
Makes sense now, thanks.
you retard, bch gets easier to mine after the update
Telegram channels telegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%
So can we expect the price of BCH to go up or down after the difficulty adjustment?
So basically exactly like the last time we had this bcash pump "flippening"Seriously think this latest bitcoin bull run and the fork shit brought a lot of new people and dumb money into crypto..
I just cant wait to see the alt market after all this shit ends and money funnels back into alts, it might be similar to the glory days of may and june
Wrong.
The difficulty increases to match te increase in hashrate, so that the time between blocks returns to something like 8.5 minutes per block as opposed to the current 1.7 minutes per block.
+400% for dificulty means difficulty increases by +400%, and green does not mean easier.Exactly, though this incident coincides with BTC transaction congestion, so it's more dramatic this time around.
I fucking love you Koreans.
You can shill here anytime.사랑해 !
Wrong.
The difficulty increases to match te increase in hashrate, so that the time between blocks returns to something like 8.5 minutes per block as opposed to the current 1.7 minutes per block.
+400% for dificulty means difficulty increases by +400%, and green does not mean easier.thats before the hardfork you idiot
What hardfork?
Nov 13.
EDA will be updated to the new DAA.
BCH hardfork to change EDA and stabilize block propagation times and prevent hashrate occiliations when hash moves between the shitcoin and BCH.
Occurring on the 13th (tomorrow).
4310583Doesn't that just stabilize the block speed to 6 per hour compared to the current 40?
Wouldn't that mean that its significantly harder to mine, not easier?
If hashrate is constant over the next two days, then the 8 blocks per hour from the scheduled DA becomes 6 blocks per hour.
Meaning it'd be another +33% after the +400%.
How do you figure that it'd be easier?
It will be harder to mine but if it's not profitable miners will move off until there is a price/hash equilibrium.
The difficulty is much more dynamic and fluid so we won't have anymore ridiculous oscillations resulting in 40 blocks mined per hour.If you're afraid of hashrate moving back to BTC, fear not!
Some may move back but it doesn't matter, BCH has proven itself to be safe, cheap, reliable and dynamic enough to grow.This is a fantastic improvement to the BCH blockchain and proves that the network can continue growing for the forseeable future.
Additionally it breaks BTC's hegemony over crypto and their fear-mongering and politically polarizing tactics to control the blockchain.Long story short, BTC is fucking dead.
BCH is king.