Harvey Weinstein raped my portfolio editionRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread 
Holding XXII king of memes forever and ever.
Also ARCI.
Anybody here on MICT or TOPS?
>Be yesterday>My stocks rally hard first two hours of day>TOTHEMOON.JPEG>Spends the next 5 crashing through the floorPlease kill me.
If only I knew how to predict with perfect accuracy daily swings and when to sell, I would be rich.
Well shit, Stix Fix is a bust.
Despite its huge revenue stream, it's barely ever been able to turn a profit and is actually operating at a loss so far this year.
Sold 2 million shares less for $3 less than the low end of what they were planning on.
When Funko did that, shit dropped 33% the second it started trading.
I also just found out Amazon is trying out a similar service, so the whole company is fucked.
that sounds like a disaster IPO
tfw can't short SFIX on robinhood.
>KTOS
You got greedy?
Realized gains are better than potential gains.
They get to ring the same bell of death Funko did, too.
You're right, I should sell stocks that are going up immediately to lock in my profits and hold onto my losers as they drop.
Great idea.
kys corporate shill
DCIX.
BGFV actually up 5% today
Rip rely
anyone shorting Gamestop
Why is AMD going up today?
I'm in it pretty cheap, should I dump it or you guys think it will reach 12?
remember a few days ago when i was talking about them having negative 15 million in equity and 600million in negative retained earnings?
duurrrhuuuurrrrr
think they had some sort of association with TSLA
BUY THE DIP UP TO $.37/share
equity holders wiped out >time to buy something worth 0 for .37 >shut the fuck uphurrrduuuurrrrr
EKSO moon mission?
Mommmy
WTF did you do?
rip S P U G
You're all caught up!
I don’t know if I should sell during this AMD rumor pump or hold through the news.
I feel like it could go either way
TSRI is going crazy now...
Oh please.
holy fucking shit
I listened to people on here300 down the drain.
I couldve bought a hooker Reeeeeeeeeeeeee
lol
F
Buying high n selling low.Teach me senpai
Poor anon never sold low, he just held on to EBIO.
jesus I almost bought some like 20mins ago.... fuckThoughts on ZAGG /biz/
Got you beat.
Found this puppy here a few months ago...
4412570How do people fuck up this bad?
>everything is down>including UVXYwhat the hell, Obama
Gambling addictions.
Betting a majority of their money on bio stocks, and not diversifying enough.
If it dips below $2 again then ill probably go in on it
>GBRThis is what I get for coming back to /rgt/.
You're all a bunch of faggots
4412716I showed this to a guy at work.
His jaw hit the floor of the warehouse we work in.
I told him this guy's loss is the balance of my mortgage...
Yeah, I'll jump in when it gets there, looks promising thoughDoes anyone have more info?
I know another anon was talking about it yesterday at close.
Is anyone positive overall?
I'm only up 2.29% in the past month
I shilled EKSO yesterday right before the market closed.
I hope some of you picked some up.
Just lost 700$ on DCIX AMA
my man 
hope you all are getting in BGFV before it hits the teens againEasy money this month
>falling the the massive amount of tax reform fomo
Everyone except for like one guy shilling it was saying how shitty it was.
/rgt/ makes bad moves, but you can't blame it on this one.
Make sure to stop by for a chinese massage as well
Friendly reminder that earnings is after close today.
*for
Nice.
I might sell maybe right before 12 then.
How does it feel to get GREEKED?
Name one energy company that isnt getting its shit kicked in.
it'll keep going anon just holdif you go through the threads the past few days there was actually only one guy that was bashing it...
What do you guys listen to while making money?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sUXMzkh-jI
Literally how.Don't tell me you bought at open.
It will be shit man.
But this earnings season is like opposite day.
DRYS will rally on bad news.
Maybe one of their ships will hit as USN ship and kill all hands aboard.
DRYS could go to the moon...XOM support is $80.18 nearing this level.
4412769I didn't even see your post there above mine lmao.I'm in at a small position (300 shares @ 1.72 average with a stop loss currently at 2.10 for half of my shares).Looking to pick up more at close if it stays stable all day long.
Hoping to hold over the weekend, but I'm prepared to bail if it drops.
Anyone going back in on AMD?If it gets below 2, I'll jump in
>mfw only my Brazilian index fund and AMD are up today.
I bought AMD a bit above 11.
I'd be hesitant to buy now.
AMD you have to buy really low or else you get caught holding bags.
Learned that the hard way.
Not saying it won't keep going up, but, I wouldn't enter at this price.
Stich Fix just started trading and it's already above $18.
Fuck, I wish I had an order set, but I can still see it failing easily.
I will once it reaches $9.
4412959Cool, BAC projects it for 18, I figured I'd get y'alls input.
Do you know what's driving the price rn?
The mistake that I made, and most of us do, starting out was that I was being the hare instead of the tortoise.
I had beginners luck and thought that I could get rich quick, but that kind of thinking is exactly the opposite of the mindset ypu should have while trading.
Just like the hare you'll burn yourself out.
You need to be the tortus.
You NEED patience.
This does NOT necessarily mean "Buy and hold".
Whatever your personal technique you have is equally valid as ANY other, but you need to keep the mentality of the tortoise.
It's not about winning fast.
It's about giving yourself the most chances of winning.
Do you know what's driving the price rn?Nope.
I'm not good with the technical side of things.
I just watch certain stocks to see which ones are stable with multiple green days + volume.
It's all luck from my stand point.
I'm sure someone here can do some real DD.
trapped in cukstuck mining mineless mine
Started off maybe 3 months ago with $33 invested.
I fell for the LOAD and NAK memes >mfw NAK is now worth more than what I initially sold it for
Thanks for that AMRS tip yesterday anon.
Stich FIx getting ready to crash below $17 already.
Kinda glad I didn't buy in, but the first sell of the day was at $15, I still could have made an easy 10% if I just had a damn order set.
It doesn't look to me like you have figured anything out yet.
Holy shit.
It’s real
BGFV is going back into the teens.
Look at the monthly and weekly charts.
The short interest is at 61% and ex divi day is dec 1this can be shilled in here everyday and everyone will talk shit on it until its back in the double digits then realize they are complete dumb asses because the game is to buy low sell high they'll chase it and help it go into the teens..Easy money this month, I can tell you this all month but you won't listen
RH has shitty charts.
I've only lost 2k in total.
Im up 350 this week.
This SFIX IPO is fucking with my chart but is actually another win for me Again, shitty RH charts.
All retail is up today tho
AMD yes/no
BGFV formed a Bullish bent-open staple pattern on the daily chart BUY BUY BUY
Bought KTOS this morning
What's wrong, anon?
Bought DCIX at high again?
BGFV has 61% short interest and is at the bottomhow hard is this understand?
seriously.
Does nobody in this thread know how stocks actually work and how price is determined?whether retail is up or not, the individual stock is good for a short term gain

NAK isn’t a meme
thats funny because people where bashing it down at 6.50o-well i guess not everyone likes to make easy moneyfucking moron
Never get emotionally attached to your picks, anon.
Thats a good dip
that IDAre you the same shilling faggot who’s been peddling this shit?
If XXII spikes again to 2.30 imma blow my loadAnyone who hasn't gotten on this rocket ship yet: buy if it dips to 2.10!
just don't get why people have to bash a stock that has hit it's bottom and obvious that shorts are trapped trying to cover.
Then they continue to bash as it climbs.
Im here to make money i really don't give a fuck about the companys i trade i want to make money on the price action and BGFV is over due for a correction to the upside.
Im going to be there to make money.. Are you?
been watching since $7, been shilling since $6.40 when i got in ;)
Watson is starting to make money.
Everybody get in for easy gains.
Very unlikely for anyone here to be able to buy at 2.10.
There's a 50k bid wall at that price, so you're not going to get it unless it falls to 2.09.
In which case, it'll probably keep falling.
if you want to do DD make a buy and hold general/rgt/ is for speculative meme stocks only
shorts are trapped in your deluded mind this is what you actually believe  while in reality shorts are /comfy/ from those gains that they have made shorting it
whats the ticker?
i keep hearing about "watson"

AIEQ
Guys today is shit.
This week was shit.
I'm pulli mg out and buying some tv's on black Friday.
Guaranteed gains.
AIEQ.
It's the IBM super computer with the self learning shit that has its own ETF where it buys and sells equities.
It's going to make a shit load of money, and all you have to do is give it some money then later it will give you back that money plus some additional money, or it will lose your money.
i don't think you understand how trapped they are... the short interest has gone up and price has gone up.. the shorts are digging themselfs a hole trying to unravel their short position.
The trade is going against them.
They are trapped you newfag.
when they go to cover the squeeze is going to be hugekeep bashing it and miss out on easy money buddy.
give the robot all of your money>beat the marketthe future is bright lads
your the newfag if you dont realize ive been posting here using this trip since may lmao.
4413274also i was the one that kept telling people about MFIN until your dumbass was all huurr duurr stop talking about MFIN then shortly after MFIN made huge gainspic related
watson is so self aware at this point he's shilling himself on 4chan and getting quads
Based on my own experience, chasing (any stock) and buying penny stocks.
FUCKKKKKKKAMRS SHILLER WAS RIGHT95 MILLION dollar deal and they have 2 more deals in the works.Buying more before it hits 3.50 and the short squeeze starts
WATSONQUADS
What Dip you lads buying for Weekend Hold?
4413349i realized after i posted about how retarded you are then i realized that i have a picture to show that you are indeed retarded.
You are close to one of the worst tripfags that have come in here, very close to Chad and boardshorts which are probably the same people
Buy the coke dip????
really makes you think
BGFV is over due for a correction to the upside.It's already up 15% from the low of $6.
That's already a pretty good correction for a turd of a company.
I bought some calls yesterday on a whim.
I've seen them being shilled here for a while because I recognized their website.
Easiest 20% gains in my life.
Keep bashing it and lose out on money, i don't care im in at 6.40 and riding till double digitsAccumulation/distribution mixed in with a good ol short squeeze.. yeah ill stay in BGFV
What kind of time frame till we see it at $9?
Bought CHKExpecting rising oil and ng prices.
AIEQ up 0.33% today>anon's AI up 2.33% todayCheckmate, Watson.
DNR, DVN, RDS-Abreh.
There we go.
It's Friday, post your weeks.
Don't be a fucking pussy, lad.
What kind of time frame till we see it at $9?honestly i have no clue, Ex divi day is on nov. 30 i think it should be a steady climb up to that point due to a very high short interest.
Im sure you know that shorts have to pay out the dividend on the shares they borrowed to short and there are ALOT of shorts that need to cover.I've been in here awhile and I think you are one of the better tripfags that have came through here (i told you this the other day) If you don't agree that BGFV is going to make steady gains then please don't just bash it without a position like some of the others in here.
If you do like it and want to get in, just highlight the goods
tfw poorfag
Picking up more DRYS
You've convinced me anon...
I'll buy some next week when I have settled cash.
As long as my commission is covered by gains, I'm fine.
4413274should i take another screen shot?
This company has 116 times as much debt as it has capital
Just bought 550 shares of TOPS at .57 how fuckes I'm I come Monday
I'm liking $TRXC for the weekend hold this week.
Not going to buy unless it drops below 2.50.
I've seen it shilled here before when it was around 2.70, never bought it though.
TOPS has been declining all morning.
For your sake, I hope it pops sometime between now and the Monday open.
Right now, everyone who is in that stock is wishing they has sold above $2.
Its going to leave a sour taste in everyone's mouth.
Good luck.
Stock is gonna get crushed.
4413441Told you guys.AMRS up to 3.45 now.Still an amazing buy.
Shorts might start covering at 3.50 as said above.Any momentum and its good bye.And theres still multiple deal announcements coming and its greatest ever quarter next ER.And theyre erasing their debtI FEEL LIKE IM TAKING CRAZY PILLS.
I can't wait to get my real brokerage account set up so I can finally short all you fucker's memes.I'll probably be a millionaire in a year
Are you on RH?
If not, what's your commission per trade?
good luck bro, i only go for the short squeezes
tfw up 4% today>tfw beating a supercomputer
I'm on RH, I have never seen a commission fee before.
i bought some, ill be buying on the dips
Holding tops rn, what should I expect?
Fuckkk it's still going.
Looks like if it clears 3.55 or 3.58 it will fly.
Shit, was gonna wait for a dip, looks like in gonna have to buy here.
Pain
I'm not gonna chase it
>IPDN
4413713Why did this company drop from a $14.83 high?
Professional Diversity Network IncWhat did they mean by this?
See:4413702

That's good.
Set a limit sell for your 550 TOPS shares at .60.
You'll only get $16.50, but you won't be bagholding all weekend.
It looks like the pop was in pre-market this morning.
agreed.slow and steady though at the moment, I like it.Its not chasing yet, its still criminally undervalued.They basically were a dead end company that was based around bio-fuels, ran the debt up got nowhere.Few years ago they decided to ditch bio-fuels and move into synthetic biology - making copies of expensive chemicals for cheap.Looks like a homerun now.Now, the fact that the debt was so high and the trends were terrible led to millions of dollars in shorting, betting on it to fail.The obvious benefit is that now theres this company that is going to corner a projected 40 billion dollar market being sold for pennies right now.
Thing is .35-60 is the usual bottom.
Than its gonna rebound and take off.
Only looking to get some 15% gains by Monday.
Professional Diversity Network, Inc. operates online professional networking communities with career resources in the United States.
The company operates through three segments: Professional Diversity Network, National Association of Professional Women, and Noble Voice Operations.
It serves various cultural groups, such as women; Hispanic-Americans; African-Americans; Asian-Americans; disabled; military professionals; lesbians, gays, bisexuals, and transgenders; and students and graduates.
The company offers single and multiple job postings, recruitment media, talent recruitment communities, corporate memberships, and hiring campaign marketing and advertising, as well as e-newsletter marketing, research, and outreach services.
It also provides consumer advertising and consumer marketing solutions through advertising and job postings on its Websites.
The company serves federal, state, and local governments, as well as companies and contractors that serve governmental entities; small and medium sized businesses; and large enterprises.
As of December 31, 2016, it had approximately 9,201,000 registered users.
The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Professional Diversity Network, Inc. is a subsidiary of Cosmic Forward Ltd.tl;dr - no white males
kys
Gonna yolo bag hold, I lose more at casinos anyways.
he didn't get to ride the Mediterranean poon patrol with chad
Just bought 8,000 shares of $LODE.
Wish me luck
tl;dr - no white maleswould that be racial profiling?
how the fuck is some bullshit like this even legal
Good luck.
4413971it's ok to discriminate against white males
wew ladyou realize that shit has lost like 30% of it's value in the past week?
and that shit was like 9 cents before the reverse split?
I can only invest in one mine less mining company at a time.
Right now that is NAK.
I'm sorry LODE but I made a bet that if NAK went to 3 bucks I'd buy a Bengal kitten and name him NAK.
Looks like you are right about the bottom.
If only this POS could go to the top of it's 52-week range.I hope you're not fucked on Monday though.
4414010I read on stock twits that they're restructuring everything and are in the process of building a new mine to be completed in 2 years.
Only a matter of time before people start taking interest.
Bargain stock
include me in the screenshot
>XIV Weekend Holders?Was hoping for this POS would hit 112+ before EOD.
Gonna sell cant risk holding it over the weekend.
I held them through the ER at 3.10 and panic sold when it plummeted day after erDidn't lose money but guess I should have held longer
up like 200% this year>literally gives away free money as long as the market is calm>poswhat did you mean by this
That is not good news.That means you only have to wait 2 more years before it begins to go up.
They have to put money into that mine long before it starts to turn a profit.
It will be a very, very long time.
Good luck.
RIOT, OSTKBTC breaking ATH's and y'all ain't in Dem derr stox?
That's a super cute kitten.
Guaranteed to scratch up everything in your house though.
Guaranteed like seeing a Greek shipper doing a reverse split.Think of all the day trades he'll have stored up....
Guaranteed like seeing a Greek shipper doing a reverse split.Not all Greek shippers dilute and reverse split...........
ThisThe same reason why gyms are allowed to unilaterally discriminate based on gender.
Bags, you been holding NAK for months.
Please tell me your at least swing trading it.Holding a Volatility Stock over a year instead of swing trading it.See pic
Story/Question:I am holding 62 shares of WHR , bought at $161.52 on 10/30.
I put in a stop loss order at $157.50.
Yesterday, the price momentarily spiked down to <$157 then came back up, i was not onlibe to see it.
I got the trade confirmation email from Fidelity and assumed the worst, a $250 loss, but instead i see a confirmation for a stop loss order at $156.40.It appears fidelity automagically saved my ass and moved my stop loss order down.
Today WHR is above $165 and I'm in the green with a dividend payment coming too.Is that normal?
Do brokerages do that?
I never hold it hold it long term.
I'm just saying it's not a piece of shit lol.
If it manages to survive the next crash I'm going balls deep into that fucking dip
Ill say it againBuy a fuck load of AMRSand don't look at it for a year.simpleasfuckingthat
The last crash was over 8 years ago.Pink wojaks when?
Take that shit to the Supreme Court.
But here in Canada, Current Year PM's crown corps do it all the time.
There is no recourse here.And now time to go out.
See you fags Monday.
And , hope you are not fucked Monday.You have a friend/relative working at Fidelity?
They saved your ass.
YOU ARE LUCKY SIR!
I've never lost money on XIV.
But I bought that 104 dip and was hoping to get back to 112-114.
gpre
Thanks lad, have a good outting.
the recourse is to burn the government to the ground
I used to, but back in Sept.
I just said fuck it and loaded up on a shit load of options.
I've been temped to close them, but it's like I don't know if I'll be able to get back into such a highly leveraged position again so I'm just going to hold till Feb.
They're already up like 65% or something stupid, so it's like what ever.
This stock will either hit 3 bucks by Feb or it won't, It's like 50-50 I either double my money or I don't.
wat
Explain options if you don't mind... why do options vs regular trading?
Greater risk, but greater rewards.
how easy is it to get options access on ib?
i heard that lots of brokers can be a pain in the ass
yes
Think Pandora can go to $6 lads?
Honestly how are you brainlets down?Do y'all buy ATH's or something?Just bought the T dip last week and am up 4%, bought the VZ dip the other day and am up 3%, bought the PEGI dip last week and am up 7% loading up on the CVA dip right now.Do you guys just chase candles like retards or something?
it's definitely going to zero in the future for sure

Maybe.
Impatience and no one cares to make less than 10% in a day
RAD is going to dip next week, QBAK is resetting for the beginning of december.
SQI told you faggots to go all in.
But you never listened.
This is the comfiest moon mission ever.
But no.
You'd rather invest in mineless mining companies and Greek shippers.
I have nearly doubled my initial investment in SQ
I was in when they were around 25$ and got tired of them not doing shit.
Now I am a very sad anon.
4414608>tfw i sold for a $40 profit in august
>BZUN ER GambleHas room to run, at 36 now and ATH is 40.
Tuesday After Hours
It looks like it's edging upwards and breaking the downtrend finally.
XXII isn't a stock I would just flip for a few cents, it hasn't good upside potential.
QBAK is resetting for the beginning of december.Too soon.
Wait until it hit's the low 6's, unless you're just doing small intraweek swings
Should I buy Visa?
looks like a dip
Anything on sale today, lads?
I got about 350 bucks to toss in.
3 shares>a gambleyou'll either make or lose like 10 bucks
In 50 shares of AMRS, making a lot of holiday pay so I decided to gamble a lot this week.
Anyone going in on this $EA dip?Nice potential for a bounce back once everyone realizes gamers are retarded and have no self control.
Thought about it, but honestly don't know enough about gaming to make an educated decision
Anti-white company from by jews and chinks surges +50%https://www.investing.com/equities/professional-diversity-network-inc-company-profile
Yes, it's a good buy and is dipped.It shouldn't really go lower.no one cares to make less tahnThen they should go to fucking crypto.Stocks aren't for that.If you don't have 10,000+ and/or a day job you shouldn't be in stocks at all.
It's stupid.
a company trying to get minority groups into more industires is anti white reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeei knew you people were retarded based off the picks shilled here but damngo buy your little .80% visa dip and make $5 anon!
you're a smart guy!
Just took my 6% profit today from SALT and pocketed it.
Feels good.
Who here /EWZ/?
Good job!
All you need to know is that they are the dirtiest greediest gaming company out there.
They put up a 2100$ paywall into their StarWars game.
They have similar paywalls in their sports and racing games.People buy the games at full price then have to keep loading money into it.They temporarily removed them from starwars, but said they will put them back after Christmas when everyone forgot about it and bought the game at full price.Kids with parents credit cards and a minoritiy of dingbats who are bad with money will pump money into the games.They make gigantic profits, and that won't change anytime soon.
People still buy into their pricing model
lgbt>women and people of colorYeah anon, totally not your standard marxist industry.
We need 2 help all the non-whites!
When I transferred my positions from Scottrade to IB there were option contracts in there, so it was like if they wanted a customer they had to offer me options.
I don't think it would be that difficult for some one else to get them.
Granted I have my roth account through wells fargo advisors and my adviser didn't want to do the paperwork for me to trade options in my other account with them, so I said that's fine.
Ran into him in a bar a few months ago and told him what i'd been up to over a beer.
That dumb ass could have been raping me in commissions to this day if he wasn't lazy that one fucking day.
Ah yes, I forgot how oppressed minorities groups like women and blacks are in the west.
Thank you for enlightening me.
https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2016/03/28/look-how-women-outnumber-men-college-campuses-nationwide/YROqwfCPSlKPtSMAzpWloK/story.html
USD paywall?
People paid that?
hopefully you get fired for diversity quotas
Don't buy gaming stocks too risky.Although I'm kicking myself for selling my netease yesterday,didn't think it would have two days of back to back +15% Lesson learned.
It is antiwhite.
How else do you interpret it fucking retard?You aren't listening to any of these (((diversity))) people speak.
It's overtly said that less white is good.
They are all very volatile?
>tfw try to short SFIX but broker can't find any shares available to short
activision and ea both have types of gambling systems in there games.
there games are mostly marketed to and bought by children.
they are taking advantage of children.
children are gambling on there games.
they really believe they can keep getting away with it.
no.
Why isn't there a global ETF for gaming?
this is the dumbest argument yet.
pokemon cards are marketed towards children, are those gambling?
I'm greedy and don't give a fuck about kids, so their business practices don't bother me as long as I can make money off it also.
Just not sure I understand the gaming industry enough to make a mark decision on gaming stocks.
Are they though?
When that PokemonGo fad was happening, it grown adults doing it.
The argument is that those are physical objects with resale value while lootboxes have none
there's GAMRjust buy them seperately, only EA, ATVI, TTWO, and NTDOY are kinda good
digital items arent real though and you know you can get anything from a pokemon pack but activision has patents that rig there gambling system
4415223That's the exact argument that digital gaming is not gambling.
You know you're getting something worthless.
You cant say its really gambling if there's only one expected value (zero).
Mad I didn't buy LULU when I was thinking about it desu.
what's happening with Intel?
You have no idea what parents will pay to get their kids to shut the fuck up for 10 minutes.These types of pricing models always attract people who drop thousands to unlock their favorite guy/waifu.
Looking to short FL at $40.25 and ANF at $16
Long way to the top, if you wanna rock and rol
Apparently I don't.
I mean that's out of middle class price range and into some very wealthy people.
I guess it's more profitable to get fewer people to buy that at a higher price than a bunch at a lower price.
44135544415519Everyone made money but me.
looks like we need to collect some intel
If it helps I'm down 40% all time and just now digging myself out
CARLOS!
Thank you based AMRS shiller.EVERYONE IT JUST BROKE 3.55 GET THE FUCK IN NOWWWW
The business model is pretty simple.
Most people buy the game and accept the Call of Duty like progression where you grind for 40 hours to reach level 70 and unlock the AK-47.
But Saudi princes who dont have time for that are willing to shell out large sums to skip it all.
Your business plan should accommodate both people.
This is fine and hunky dory but the problem comes when a business abandons the free players for the Saudi princes, essentially forcing you to pay in order to play the games.
I'm down almost $1900 today even with that AMRS pop and that AIEQ 1% gainer.
NAK is cuckholding me.
you're welcome.
nice gains today.Everyone, this is still a very opportune time to buy, shorts will start covering.
ThisOpened today at 12, immidiatly went to 16 now down to 8.
Fucking crazy man
Teach your kids about Greek shipping memes.
They're like drugs.
They're a ton of fun, but they will suck all the money out of your bank account and leave you with nothing for it except some good and some not so good memories.
4415726Good luck lads.
I'm looking for something on sale today but haven't found anything exciting yet.
up 3k.
pretty comfy, though this was after some pretty devastating losses last week.
still down 7k from 2 weeks ago.
Don’t worry, I just bought AMD.
I own some AMD also, hoping it goes over 12 then I'll sell it.
I didn't get hit by the big crash though.
I bought it at 11.26
What do they know lads?https://www.fool.com/investing/2017/11/16/jpmorgan-chase-is-worried-about-the-stock-market.aspx
meh http://awealthofcommonsense.com/2014/02/worlds-worst-market-timer/
there's always someone saying the market will crash.
everyone wants to be the one that called it so they look like a genius afterwards.
How would /biz/ invest $1000 for a newfag to stocks?
Put it all on GBR and BGFV ;^)
All in CRF for 4 months.
4414644My fucking niggers
XXII
what are you goals?
Give it all to Watson, come back in 5 years.
Doing nothing might be worse, but, we are about due for a correction.
Might be a time to start looking at some foreign markets also.
I've been considering looking at some emerging markets.
Also maybe more into banks which are most likely to get bailed out...Sure, people have been saying it for 5 years.
I also don't see a whole lot of data backing them up, other than volatility index which could be anything.
It's still prudent to discuss.
Thoughts anyone?
Glad I didn't buy any lol
ipo shills BTFO yet againroku's IPO was a once in a while deal
Buy 4 shares of VOO and ignore.
I feel bad for those who bought at $18.
At least it's a semi-profitable business unlike all the other millennial shitstain IPO's like Blue Apron and Snapchat
investment banks always support the price day 1, the fact it couldn't even hold lets you know this is real garbage
Nordstrom tried this and it failed.
you buy 4 shares of voo you're only gonna make like $150-200ish after yearyou can get decent gains without having to fuck with degenerate penny stocks.
just swing trade dips, earnings, and know when to take a profit, never get too greedy.
i doubled my inital $3000 in under six months.
its not hard in this raging bull marketindex funds are only worth it gains wise if you have a shit load of capital and don't want to risk it
That's kinda my approach right now.
I'm also putting a bit into Brazil since they seem to be turning the corner.I have some left over to mess with, but I've mostly been losing with that.
Have to know how to do that.
You make it sound easy.
STOP BUYING IPOS NIGGER
Enjoy losign that next week
Any on there that manufacture or deal in sex dolls?
Liquidated all positions except for one.Now it's time to research new shit.
You should absolutely own foreign stocks.
Most investors are biased towards stocks in their home country when there is no real reason to be.
I'd would avoid China though.
volatility is a little more interesting.
>As discussed in Robert Shiller’s Nobel Prize lecture , the original puzzle in financial economics was why stock prices are so volatile relative to dividends.
ccording to the Gordon growth formula, stock prices and dividends should have the same volatility.
In the data, however, stock prices are significantly more volatile than dividends.
Since the 1950s, stock prices have exhibited 16 percent annualized volatility.
That is almost 10 percentage points higher than the “fundamental” volatility of dividends, which has been closer to 7 percent.
>Today’s realized volatility is about 6-7 percent.
This level is what one would have originally predicted using the Gordon growth formula, suggesting that the low volatility puzzle is perhaps less puzzling than originally thought.http://libertystreeteconomics.newyorkfed.org/2017/11/the-low-volatility-puzzle-are-investors-complacent.html
shit is a pump and dump.
they have no reason to be up, they missed the fuck outta earnings and "muh soda sweetener" isn't FDA approved
AMRS going to go to .4 next couple days
Obvious AMRS dip right now.Now's the time to get in.Why aren't you in?
have you been reading all the fundamentals on this?
Short term to supplement my bank account.
Long term to grow my net worth.
Would take a true true clueless idiot to not be very bullish on this company.do a little research for once.
short term all in on DRYS>long termall in on DRYS seriously though long term buy some vanguard index short term buy whatever you want
please buy my bags im trying to get out
Yes.
your point?
Christ people do I have to spoon feed this shit to you like babies.
Clearly the whole market must be clueless
holy shit i was just about to do that right now no lieGBR hourly looks good i was hoping to get in at 1.45 but it might not hit thatBGFV im in at 6.40 but wanted to add before next week
I dont buy companies that dont make money.
holy shit.Have you not looked into anything anyone here has been saying about the company?Why would you blindly argue with out any sense of knowledge on the subject.This is so stupid.
Have you not looked into anything anyone here has been saying about the companyyou got memed and you don't even realize it
why would we buy a company that we have no sense of knowledge on?
your argument is self defeating
Anyone buying the E Corp dip?
They’re down 79% after the attacks, but they’ll surely recover right???
how long have you been trading?
i was like that when i first got into stocks then i realized it's not about the company its about the price action
4416665He's got a point, I mean it's like we're the only two people getting a piece of this.
Dude, you seem like a bright enough guy.do minimum research will you.check out the expense vs revenue trends over the last 4 quarterscheck out the debt reductioncheck out the projected market value by 2020check out the multiple deals (including the 97 Million dollar deal they signed today, and the 25m one coming later this week)check out the breaks in technology.check out the short percentage and the other TA markers.etc etc etc I cant do your homework for you people.
The people here are lazy retards.
You're 100% correct on your analysis.
Stop helping these idiots.
You've helped enough people already.
>out of all the FAANG stocks, only Apple pays a dividendI love this fucking company.
Overall as in when?
I dont gamble like this.I only buy companies that are:1) making money2) will continue to make a lot of money3) are heavily undervalued
good luck missing those rare opportunities that can double or triple your money in 1-2 days because you believe the stock price and company performance correlate
EVERYONE IT JUST BROKE 3.55 GET THE FUCK IN NOWWWWgood call on getting people to buy your shares,smart!
I dont know what you mean by company performance, but stock price is based on its cash flow from today until infinityas you can see, it has no cash flowas you can see, i dont buy it.
if you're interested in having an intelligent conversation with someone who makes consistent high percentage gains..AMRS SP has been beaten into oblivion on the bet that it would go Bankrupt due to heavy debt.in the last 2 years they have completely changed their business model and have completely turned the ship around, shown on its expenses dropping and revenue quadrupling.
and most importantly shown on the huge debt reduction (not to mention the 130m deals from this week)Now we know theyre obviously going to survive and thrive in a projected 40 Billion dollar market by 2020.we also know its years ahead of their competition and can corner this market.They have just raised guidance and are looking at a record breaking 4th quarter.So yes they will be making a shit load in revenue.and yes they are HEAVILY undervalued.
hey dumbass, they aren't worthless, they kept digitized record of all their backups!
Learn how to read charts, and learn about short squeezes, he was right, it could have exploded there.
Alot of companies that provide the biggest gains don't even make money.
Its called growth.
After awhile you will notice your companies that constantly make money don't always perform well and that actually alot of companies that don't make any money can perform way better due to speculation of future growth, you know.. the ones sitting at $5 that make no money but climb to $15 in a week or two.But hey.. good luck on your 1% a year
your id is so cute!
Love 4u :o)
Newfags just don't understand, they want to buy a stock that has consistant earnings but yet they wonder why their stock price falls or doesn't move at all.The jews have a funny way of teaching people when they first enter the market imo
Oh and if anyone wants to know how well this company is doingread this dudes ST https://stocktwits.com/FinalThoughthe is a science and business expert.
Mr.
Robot referenceMYW this reference mafe me recall that I took a loss on Irobot earnings even though they had good earnings
i make 1.2% a year thank you very much
thanksit might be hard to believe but it was given to me at random :D
lets see your YTD gains if you're such a great trader!
:^)
I have 6 brokerage accounts, some you wouldn't understand because the stocks that were bought were bought through a SPA and there are alot of fees in between and adjusted cost that just isn't shown with the broker.but here is one of my trading accounts with about $14,000 in it then ill show you my robinhood
I bought $5k worth of AMRS, loss about $10k before.
hopefully your tip helps bro, and i can break even.
you have to have at least 7 brokerage accounts and liquid net worth of $1 million to post here don't know how you got through the mods disgusting
4416951my robinhood is just a play account to throw a few hundred here and there on some gambles.
I was up 22% this year but got lazy and held some turds too long
you might be suprised at the amount of money on /biz/ all together
4417109here's literally an index fund that takes zero effort on my part
That spikeHow high did you get?
4417109Not too bad, but I still think AMRS is a pump and dump.
People here have gotten rekt with it in the past.
not swing tradingcmon man you're leaving easy money on the table.
its more fun too
good luck the next year, and the next year, and the next year.it took me a few years to be consistant on individual trades, that index fund will not be consistant.
I rather learn the skill of trading so i can always make money rather than to just buy, wait, and hope it gets you some returns once you actually cash out.
be patient.
its a good buy.Fundamentals are always what are most important, don't worry about the price action and if it falls randomly, eventually it has to follow the performance of the company.dude, olive branch.
I know AMRS has burned a lot of people, and has made a lot of people lose a lot of money.But the people who preached it were still 100% correct in the fact that the company was turning around.The problem was that everyone got in way too early, the price just kept dropping and shorts kept hammering it.But at the end of the day the shorts are in trouble now cause they bet on failure and the company is going to thrive.the fact that the price has been destroyed makes it more attractive right now than ever.
all im saying is that after awhile you learn it has nothing to really do with the company but the hype behind it.You really think all these altcoins in the crypto market are worth much?
but yet they gain so much based on what?The market is rigged, the best way to deal with that is to be playing along with it desuits a robinhood glitch in the next couple weeks i should be back up to over 20%.. hopefully
Ok.
New Thread4417241
wheres the all chart?
hasn't even been a yeargood luck holding those gains
already sold all my positions but micron.
like i said earlier, i have to go and search for good companies again like I did in july
post your gains next week and let me know what you find in your researchIm not bashing you and your strategy.
Different strokes for different folks.
If you don't want to buy AMRS just walk away, even though it makes no money, you know deep down it can double over night...
it will probably take me longer than a week to find new stocks, takes several hours per company and im not super rushed to get back in
the fundamentals are pretty terrible, but overall you are right seems they are improving.Just looked at Q3, -$200MM in equity.. if they lower this as the Q goes by, this could spike up i guess.
Reminder that AUY will have a large gold/silver mine begin production in Q1 2018
and they just made 120m worth of deals this week alone.and their revenue is skying.and their expenses are shrinking.and their profit share business models are being corrected.and their science is improving, as are their production lines, what used to take 12 hours now takes 2 hours.I have been trading successfully for many years.I have never been more excited by a stock than this one.like I said, read that FinalThought stocktwit I posted above.Im not even going into the complicated technical 100 other financial, production, and science based reasons
well my wife buys shit load of stuff at sephora, that alone is a reason i'd buy.when i goto sehpora, i see a bunch of teenage girls buying shit there.
some need to spend like a few thousand just to be a VIP member in order to get stuff first.
yes their Sephora deal is big.This is just the beginning though.synthetic biology is going to be enormous.cosmetics, rubber tires, fragrances, they just made a new sweetener that huge companies like Coca cola are strongly seeking, fucking Pharma, etc etc.since AMRS had its reboot, this is only like a 2 year old company
http://investors.amyris.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=1048744man, their financials ain't that good yo.
their total cost and operating expenses still eating them up.that shit is going to eat up into their equities.
can you explain their business strategy in short eli5?
i just put in $5k lol i hope it is wise.
4417595They have a negative gross margin man.. their forecast on sales is expected to spike up, but still will this get them to positive?
their sales, general and admin expenses spiked up a lot too.
also, can their R&D be capitalized?
What the fk is in their R&D?
that would be able to transfer to the asset side of the balance sheet.
Post them when you do.
definitely.
not good enough at the moment.But they already have multiple new sources of revenue that are going into production and every month they add new projects.expenses they are planning on shrinking a lot over the next few quarters with the new factory and new way of growing strains, also theyre having profit sharing.
(this type of shit is why people need to do deeper research, listen to their ERs, etc)You'll find lots of good info on that stocktwits I linked.
also over 900M$ revenue expected by 2021 without DARPA or DSM molecules