How do I turn this into six figures?>went in with $1,573, tired of the slow gains.
you don't without learning how to day trade or getting lucky and predicting a coin that does 1000x which will not happen any time soon or ever again.
You are too poor.
Buy Link
You first need to get to 10k.
I know this is so biz to say, but all in chainlink is something that if your patient could slingshot you to 5 digits.
Invest at your own peril
try doing an little trading.
im taking 10 dollars in bitcoin and seeing how far i can get it.
makes you think with less emotion because who gives a fuck about 10 bucks.i was up to 13.50 and now im down to 9.70. trying to get back to 11 before i cash out.
I'm way ahead of you friend.
he was warned

I'm not sure if this post is meant to be satirical or not, but its damn funny anyways
kek
Convert to pesos
Its not a had idea if you want to get used to trading but youre never gonna make it

Go all in on POWR :) Study their white paper.
Understand the project.
Go through the applications of it going on.
U wont regret this investment.
powr, sub, rdn

I unironically day trade $1,600
POWRyou could've already doubled your money and then some ;)

DNA.
Thank me later.
Go all in on cfd.One of two things is going to happen1.
You lose it all and there is a high high chance of that happening.2.
They fix whatever vague shit is going on and it rockets to $3 end of next year.High risk high reward
I'm no genius but...>>maintained volume since adding to korean xchange>>test net does as many transactions as visa>>over 10 banks already and counting>>all old news nothing new>>should just let it die and stop buying the dips>>still looks good to me>>you'll probably not buy it even if you knew
#ripple
Wait for the tether scandal.Buy whatever top 15 Be rich
buy SALT
Your goal should be to accumulate more btc and/or eth via trades.Join some telegrams that give out signals and follow the movements of the coins they suggest until you are comfortable enough to start buying in on them.
Aim for 5 - 10% gains, dont get greedy.If you can get 5% every day that will add up very quickly.
starts with 5 digits>could slingshot you to 5 digitsdafuq
realistically SALT will only get you 3x to 5xsource: i'm all in SALT
Trying to be nice while not sounding like a pajeet, when the SALT platform gets released, you will see this 3x or 4x, get SALT before it is too late.
With only 1k, its worth going all in for something guaranteed to go up.
You do realize you have to pay fees to cash out?
this shit made me cry, laughing4459065445954444604214458210
wtf, sure he can make it ^^I made out of 5k, 70 k in 2 months.Guess what, i ended up with 0.08btc, got hacked :(Have 2fA everything, antivirus..........
I'm thinking about doing this myself.
With a small amount that I wouldn't be upset about losing, it could be a fun experience.
i started with 1.5K... im at 45K now.
i got ETH for 17$.
find a good coin , take a risk and go all in.
my latest coin was GRX.
got it for 70c and now its at 4.5$