Some of you guys are pretty cool.
If you're hodling, be ready to sell tonight around 8:30pm UTC.
Don't say no one warned you.
what?
leave no survivor
Alright I'll be looking at the charts closely.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFw-yXUHTLg
nice just bought 100k
this is bullshit, but i want to believe
it goes to 10k tonight.
those holding alts will be crushed HAHAHJAHAHA

why do you think it crashes to the ashes?
also why do you think it goes to 10k tonigh?
i think nothing happens for a week t least from now on
There is some big money that wants in low and some laws that can be used to make it happen.
Might make CNBC tonight.
Possible spike beforehand but I don't really know about that.
Expect it to bubble back up afterwards.
well, it's gonna happen eventually.
the only thing worth holding is bitcoin at this point.
alts will keep going down, only being pumped and dumped once a month, to gather more bag holders.
HAHAHAH
so in longer term.. lets say 6 month, bitcoin will still rise?
Lets assume there is some sort of black swan event that causes a mass dump age of BTC.
Is there any safe haven besides fiat?
Would something like ETH (or *gasp* BCH) go up as BTC goes down?
Lulz, BTC is here to stay.
Fiat is much more likely to collapse.
This post is made almost daily with same pic...
eth/ltc or any currency which has a usdt pair
XMR / MONERO
if there's a mass dumpage of BTC, there will always be a lot of people ready to buy and bring it right back up.
just hold until 100k then cash out.
unironically shorted BTC.
Thanks OP
I'm legit getting scared.
I'm thinking of moving all my shit to Bitstamp and sit on USD.
You guys think it's too soon?
How long till bitfinex can't pump this shit anymore?
someone post the how to trade a crash video
Just sold 100k
don't trade.
BTC won't crash.
it can only go up.
if you trade, you will lose BTC value, because it will keep pumping up.
Not what I asked.
But thank you
God, I wish this were true.
It's about time centralized, anti-innovation coin gets replaced by something useful.
thx op im gonna buy the dip
Probably the same fag who said Modum would "pump" to $4 yesterday.
Feels fucking good holding btc don't it
Don't know what modum is.
just pay attention to the news today if you hold btc anon.
you're a fucking idiot.do some god damn research.bitfinex tethers account for less than a single percentage point of BTC's market cap.and yes, I know that the market cap isn't a complete picture but BTC has over $5 BILLION IN DAILY VOLUME.TETHERS ARE AT MOST $650 MILLION.Jesus you people are doomed to be poor.
Never take advice from /biz/ learned trough experience, fucking leeches here.Some are okay.
a voice of reason.
in biz?
Just hodl BTC and wait.
Do nothing.
Don't panic.
No.....not a....another ATH!?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
This.
Please let this be true and please make my alts go up
 minutes
u got me anonnews where?
Although feel free to panic sell if you wish.
I wouldn't mind a nice deep dip to accumulate some more.
OMG GUYS TURN ON CNBC!!!
What is the happening?
There is a story on there with Bob Lutz (former GM exec) saying he thinks Tesla is in big trouble.
Bob is obviously biased against Tesla but I think he's right.
Tesla spends way too much, targets a small market of wealthy early adopters, and does not have anything in the way of tech that other car companies don't have access to.
nothing , just fudder causing fud.
welcome to /biz/
Bbbuuuuuttttt is 8:41.
Nothing.
You told me it’s gonna crash!
Why Mommy why!
Thanks for the heads up OP, I just sold off my 15.5 Bitcoins and parked it all in LINK & CORE
I know... OP could be in a different timezone!
So he could mean 8:30pm tomorrow!
:47>BTC hits all time highHmm, almost like /biz/ is full of shit all the fucking time
jesus christ
be ready to sell at 8:30>at 8:30ish it hits an all time highIT'S ALMOST LIKE YOU WERE WARNED SO YOU COULD SELL HIGH LOL