I will pay 0.25 BTC to the person who finds thispersons phone number.https://pt-br.kikebook.com/branca.lins.92(replace kike with face)
0.25 BTCNo deal.
By the time I get the number, it'll be worthless.
what is social engineeringstep 1. message all friend with some bs storystep 2. get phone numberstep 3.....step 4 profit.
How do these jobs typically work?
What prevents the you from running away leaving me with no BTC or me giving you some b.s.
number?
atomic swap
 why?
Got her number, took 3 minutes.
Seen it as a challenge, was a letdown.
In any case im not selling it to you OP, You would probably rape her or something.
Thinking having her number will make him any more likely to bang her
you're a good person
OP I got her email first, then I was able to get the number since she has 2 factor auth on her email account.
Give me a contact so you can pay me and I can give you the number.
Post your BTC address and post the number.
I can do that but once I post the number who says you will pay me?
want to send me 0.1 first in good faith and the rest after I give you the number?
Bullshit, you say you got into her email?
How'd you manage that so quickly
4282852Nice try faggot, OP you better know your shit or get scam.
You do realize that OP is also a scammer, right?
4282880I didn't get into her email I know how to view the full number gmail is trying to send the code to
ITT: lying jew OP who isn't going to pay for the number, and lying pajeets who pretend they found it.
I've seen this happen too many times
Do you really expect me to pay you upfront?
Do you take me for a fool?
Do you think I can afford paying 0.25 BTC for a phone number by being a fucking idiot?
You should be thankful that I am giving you NEETS this fucking job offer so that you fucking useless faggots may prove to be atleast a little bit USEFUL.
Don't you fucking ever again try to play me again little faggot.
I WRECK my enemies and I shower my friends with gifts.
I have a fucking reputation to uphold.
Now, do you want to be my enemy, or my friend?
I said pay 0.1 first and rest after I give you the number.
I am not giving you shit because you dont trust me and I dont trust you.
Have some faith.
I can't believe this isn't a pasta
4282879Both of you fags shut up.
Use an escrow.Who care.Then you better report it to google as a bug and get $10,000 as reward.
No, nice try pajeets.True, lol at this two fags.
also she is a politician so I might pump the price up.Escrow is fine but how to find a trustworthy one.
4282919One of you is getting fucked.
Don't fucking trust anyone.
Only way to sort this out is to use an escrow of some sort
Escrow and you'd have to prove the number is hers by calling it
I dont mind escrow but how to find one
4282986also I don't call shit I can't speak Portuguese.
Escrow can call to verify.
i've been providing escrow services for years on ebaumsworld.
428285242828964282954I know she doesn't have two factor you little fucking lying bitch because I know her fucking email address.
You are testing my patience little scammy fucker.
Easy fix.
The potential assassin can send me the BTC, Pajeet can sent me the number, I will verify, I will then send number to assassin boy and 90% BTC to Pajeet because I will take 10% commission.
Easy.
Oh yeah give me a contact so I can show you fucking proof I have her phone number and also much more info.
I am not fucking lying I have her phone number + more info.
I can give you proof but I am not posting shit here.
lying jew OP who isn't going to pay for the number, and lying pajeets who pretend they found itCorrection: And lying middlemen trying to skim off the top/steal it all 
Hello, I'm your friendly namefag on /biz/.
Seems you have a problem here!
Tell you what, I can be the escrow if you want.
Wait a bit fag, I will get her number for you.
Look like I on the right track
Shhh... You weren't meant to figure that part out anon :)
Post last 3 letters of her mail and the full mail provider.
If you can get it right I will fucking atomic swap the bounty.
Good.
You will see that my word is true and the bounty is yours if you can provide it.
I'll even raise it to 0.3 btc if you can get it before the other faggot because my patience is running out.
You mean this?vanessabrandan.vl@gmail.comAlready posted 
email everybody already know.I can tell you something they don't know.identification cards is 095976072_IFPnatural persons registry is 02403760789
4283106OP I know everything about her.
everything that I found on a cursory google search
4283101I fucking know that email address and it does not have 2fa,  So I know this is a scammy fucker.And this is not the only address.
She has a gov address.
I just need her fucking phone.
Sorry, look like it not gonna work.
Able to get google to send a verify code to recovery process with a different email but after that still can't get in her email.Here try to go as forgot password, keep hitting -try another way- till this and input 10 2009.
4283120Now send me the fucking moneybtc: 1GHPApFjTJL6eprUsDia9P3ercdZSVdhCT I will give the number
4283129OP you fucking retarded if you give me a contact I can give you proof.
I am not posting shit here so they will never tell how I found out.
Brainlet here, what can somebody do with just a phone number/full name?
Call it and address them by their full name
You fucking useless faggot.
You are going to get her account locked YOU PIECE OF SHIT FUCKER CUNT FUCKING USELESS FUCKING.
I will fucking KILL you.
What the fuck are you even trying to do logging into her email address you fucking miserable pathetic scumbag.
I need her fucking PHONE you are not gonna get in her fucking email you motherfucking retarded son of a bitch.
Fuck off Pajeet scum.
This board is truly worthless.
4283136You better deliver, faggot, or I will send her an email.
kek
OP wants to call her at 2am and tell her he is watching her through her window while playing with himself.
OP want to have a chat with her, that's all.Shut up you son of the bitch of I will mail her that some cunt is looking for her phone number.
Don't make me.Sent it, fuck this OP cunt.
4283179I fucking swear I have her fucking full number and other info.
I sent you some sensitive info about her.
email me here: vanessabrandani@torbox3uiot6wchz.onionI GIVE YOU PROOF
kek I know right.
I even googled it
+5521xxxxxxxx0313hjJxWba29gkpAtAqsChJ1dU9qmD3JXrq0.125 now and i`ll post the complete info.
Fuck off pajeet you little smelly cunt, go shit in the street
t. scammer
Alright no free BTC for you fucking faggots.
You fucking useless maggots cant even fucking perform one job right.
You ruined my patience.
I don't have time to deal with you fucking scum, bottom of the barrel of society.
Stay poor forever.
Fucking 1600$, fucking monthly salary for you fuckers, I was willing to pay but you worthless fucks cant even do one task right.
Truly worthless pathetic neet scum.
Bye.
OK OP You want me to post it here?I swear on god I will fucking found out everything about you if you dont fucking pay me
Okay, guess I will mail her about you piece of shit.
This is getting better by the minute...
I also know her gmail password.
She is not very smart.
Hey I have the number.
It's +5543049207Looks like nobody's getting paid
this thread is fucking hilarious to watchalso check em since this is a b tier thread
Me too!
wrong
prove it bitch
I think we need to contact her and find out who Mr Rage D Faggot is and fuck his shit up.
Yep, I come to read about cryptocurrencies and end up reading about a /b/ thread.
Potential movie plot here also.
Getting this madassblasted pajeet can't even do his job right, hilarious.
It's time you go back to plebbit.
True, already mail her.
I think she know OP irl kek.
Look like after this will be goldmine but not like any of us here will know what would happen, except OP.You doof good OP, I will mail her a coupe more just to make sure, this whole thread is already archive with html by me.
All will sent to her.
if you rearrange the letters in your ID you get Paaahjt.
Now I don't believe in fate, but this is definitely not something to be dismissed, don't you think?
she looks autistic af.
She used to live in rio de janeiro but moved to another State.
I`ll call and tell her that some internet freak wants her personal number.
If it's 123456789, she deserves the imminent ass raping by OP or whoever has the number.
Mail her another one saying that the Mexican criminal syndicate Los Zetas wants her dead.
That's what OP's icon on the discord is
I just phoned her and it went to her voicemail..
I left a short message explaining Mohammed was paying 1.5k for her # and told her to email me back with who is looking for her.. will update
Time to put my list of gmail clone to work.
It was used for YouTube shill but this time maybe it will help to get some criminal faggit in jail.
OK OP is a scammer.I gave him the number.
I gave her the full resume.
and disappeared
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdZY61s-3xUlady posted her full resume private listing on youtube.
you fucking cunts should help me get paid not to call scam when I actually got her number
no shit wow
I got your IP from discord and I will get your IP from here OP.
I swear on god I will find you.
You doofed good you son of the bitch, now you could get her killed by some Los Zetas criminal.
No shit senpai, he deleted the discord now, it was just a Pajeet doing his first extorsion job.
It was so obvious that OP was a scammer that it's difficult to believe someone actually thought he was going to get paid.
lol with her number?
he is prob a ex bf loser
How did he delete the post in this thread about the discord?
I need to learn all your skills.
Where do I start?
yeah how the hell?
I
The post is there, the discord room is gone.>https://discord.gg/Ytsjkj
4283594All he did was go to her FB, find her YT and then find the video where she blatantly showed her phone number
I knew he wasn't going to pay but at least I tried.
He is not fucking Los Zeta he is some poor faggot from Brazil.
video listing is private
the post is thereIt's not.
Look for yourself.
Wtf
ah, i just tried using a bunch of search engines and shit.
Absolutely refused to go into fb.
Not impressive then.
Full capture of this thread till http://2.pik.vn/2017df6b4639-ef0f-4963-aebc-c2c02585f4c6.pngHer email is 4283101Help her and warning about piece of shit OP.Pure luck, she was stupid enough to have her info in one of video in her channel.
4283318428331842836274283627
But that video is private, not available on search?
4283632this cunt doesnt get it her video was private and you cant access it without the fucking link in the first place.
4283620It's not a private video, search for it from her channel page
If you got his identity then just email it to her anon, give her a heads up at least
Unlisted, not private.
As long and she posted it some where, with URL then you could watch it.
What are you taking about, the video is NOT private, stop lying.
How do I delete my own post(s)?When you submit a post, a password cookie is automatically set that will allow you to delete your post should you choose to.
As long as your browser retains this cookie, you will be able to delete posts made using it.
To delete your post(s), check the box in the upper lefthand corner of the specific post(s) you wish to remove, and scroll down to the bottom of the page and click the [Delete] button on the right.
Checking the [x File Only] box will cause only the image to be deleted, leaving the comment untouched.
Note that some boards and threads (ex.
stickies) do not allow a user to delete their posts.
Somebody back me up on this.>ctrl-f>discord.ggOnly one result.
He somehow deleted the other post
4283632lol pure luck my ass.you still need to know what to look for.thats the fucking point.
you cant see it.
if you dont have the url
4283681Ah, ok.
Thanks for the info
OP posts request about a bitch he hatesOP pretends to be a hero and 'finds' her data with a different IP and machine.Fags here start spamming and sending said bitch.
OP wins.
Well done.
So you looked through her videos quickly to see if any leads were there.
Then by luck she had all her info there?
Seems fishy that OP would be asking for something so easy to find
Got me..
I can leave now.
Enjoy
ok tell me how from her youtube channel you would find the video without knowing the url or the fucking name of the video.. you should only see few videos and stop.
Just had another look, it's sitting there plain to see.
She has about 150 videos
She stupid and post or link it some where around her social, tell me how that is your skill involve and now bragging about it.
Anyway, you got scam by your pure greedy.
How does that feels?
Want to get it back at son of the bitch OP?
Start spamming her mail with me.
you just need to search for her full name on google and after that enter in her channel.
all vids are listed there.
not private nor unlisted.
why the drama?
4283752still I found it before all of you.. if i didnt post it you wouldnt know still.
get fucked please.
still you need to know how to search for info.. what you think doxing is all about
OP winsIf you have to scam some strangers on the internet to get the number of some old lady that has all her data available for everyone on youtube, I'd say you are the opposite of a winner.It was fun while it lasted anons, bye.
well played OP
Yeah, check it now, public as plain and simple.
Why the hell OP faggot doesn't know this.
Only this fag is4283792Get fuck, kids.
You are just some lying faggot got scam by another piece of shit.
>OP I got her email first, then I was able to get the number since she has 2 factor auth on her email account.
Give me a contact so you can pay me and I can give you the number.
of course do i say i found her youtube video with the resume?
ahhahah
Stupid fag doesn't even get the scam when explained to him... let me go slow for you:OP just wanted the woman to be SPAMMED.Instead of asking for just that and risking the opposite reaction from fags, he made a whole samefagging show with him being both the requester and the guy delivering.....assuming other assholes would start spamming that lady.... well played as it happened as he planned.
He never actually was looking for any info.
how do i delete the thread|?
How does it feel to be scam 0.25 BTC?Damn, look like it.
A coward faggot that can't do a simple SPAM to someone he hate.
Sad.
You sure that was OP’s motive?
Seems like you are giving him way too much credit.
NO NEED TO THANK ME OP, I GOT THIS
Yeah, I will stop my gmail clone.
Just a post in facebook are enough.
Not gonna try to wreck OP?
oh god
Ahahahaaaa.Hi vanessa
what this??
ho is ??
please delet
How does it feel to be scam 0.25 BTC?You still don't understand that he's the same person as OP?
Nah, now take a look at it quite weird why he was flip out with gmail like he bait us for it and then the discord Los Zetas so obvious like that.
Orrr, maybe this is the most possibly convoluted way to throw the feds off the tracks of some assassin about to kill her
One email (unconfirmed), one comment via fb, one voicemail (unconfirmed)>'Spamming'Lmao, you may be an even worst brainlet than OP, hopefully you are also OP trying to look like a less retard, because if not it's just sad.
4283915lmao it's Vanessa
Sorry Vanessa, if you seen any weird email, please delete it.
But really I'm starting to wonder how many of you anons are actually OPmaybe I am too...is any of this real
stop text
You want to play games Rafael Souza?
you sound like a complete loser
BRING IT BITCH.
And by dear god, how dumb can I be kek
puta que pariu seu viadinho do caralho.
deixa o cara arruinar a velha, beta whiteknight lixopor isso que n tem nada bom nesse site mais.
um bando de viadinho lixo de reddit igual a tu fazendo essas imbecilidades
Name remove really doesn't good, you are right now could try to search your profile by comment in facebook search bar.
Next time, leave nothing even a comment text.
That isn’t social engineering you fucking retard
You better not mess with the sarge ;)
4284060I'm lost explain please WTF IS GOING ON
Leave this random woman alone, brainlets.
Like all fags will post what SPAM they send, not to say all the SPAM OP can send now with the cover of random 4chan spammers....ingenious.
OP can SPAM that woman for years to come, making her assume it is 4chan fags....our very sad hero of the day.
For real.
This isn’t /b/ ffs
OP IS CARTEL CONFIRMED.
4CHAN IS AT WAR WITH THE CARTELS AGAIN.
Better pay me faggot
he doesn't get itVanessa is behind all of this
OP try to ruse everyone here to SPAM Vanessa but now it doesn't work so he picking an easy target Mr. Rafael Souza as vent out his pathetic.
I do feel confused about my identity now.
I was pretty sure not be OP and just sad because my wife left me, but now I think I feel more like OP.
Fuck me sideways and call me Sally.
faggot i i sent you all the info.
you piece of shit.
i hope you being smart and used a vpn
anyway i knew you were just a poor faggot living in some fucking favela cant even find info in plain sight.
what a fucking loser
Well at least favela boy has internet and knows about bitcoin, early adopter poorfag, good for him!
And also for you, as you are both the same person.
And since I feel like it, I'm also you!
It is sad but true!
Any other Metallica fans here?
Good concert last week!
4284201Why'd you fucking delete Zeta's postsI was going to save this
Use 4chan X, as long it was post, nothing really delete.
I'm not him, sorry.
I'm just a sadfag kekking around as I'm bored and my wife actually left me and she is Brazilian and hot and now I hate my life.
post her tits
Doesn't mean I don't respect her anymore.
But send me 0.25BTC and we can talk.
/thread
Acho mais engraçado deixa o op mad, vlws
If someone actually did it, I would evoke the "the state of /biz/" meme, like honestly you are typing on an internet with trillions of photos of naked girls who are likely 100 times hotter.