Instead of shilling low mcap shitcoins on ED why not invest in a real project with actual progress?$8m mcap, binance incoming, alpha product.
I've been bag holding for a while anon.
Excited for the next few months, meow!
I already did invest in a REAL project with ACTUAL progress.
Idk what this is but it's a scam
for sure this won't dump*looks at coinmarketcap to late*
Someone shill me on why I should buy this
where we at
it hit $4 2 months ago.
Binance listing is coming (read their blog)Or just keep buying random shitcoins like ERC20 and UFR
this, look at the fuckin whitepaper, it cites a reddit comment
this, look at the fuckin whitepaper, it cites a reddit comment>cites a reddit comment>reddit
Fud is my buy signal
this coin is a half scam cointhe CEO is a nerd with good intentions, but his use cases in the white paper are retarded.
a smart contract cannot resolve a dispute rofl.
>the CEO is a nerd with good intentions, but his use cases in the white paper are retarded.
a smart contract cannot resolve a dispute rofl.
Actually it can.
You code it to favor reliably in ones favor.
It's a smart contract so luckily you'd know the rules going in with the contract and that would be the result 100% of the time.
investing in a bunch of kids fresh out of college>investing in a CEO that spends time building furnitureLook into Etherparty friend.
They have a working beta, founded by Vanbex, a well known crypto solutions and consulting company.
Partnership with rootrsk.
Thing is gonna blow up 2018.
You heard it here first folks, DYOR.
there was the same fud about vitalik back in the days.
if you read their latest blog post you would know whats up
This coin litterally 5x at ed awhile ago I cant wait till a real exchange hits
The pump once this hits Binance and their new website + beta is released will be insane.
Has the CEO finished building those desks?
The use case of this coin is that people can make their own smart contracts by playing around with a few key elements, i.e.
send money to this person if this condition is met, e.g.
rent deposit, xmas present etc.
In other words it solves the ADOPTION PROBLEM
but FUEL definitely better.i did not own both, did not like to invest something with many competition
Etherparty/Fuel couldn't even get through their ico without getting hacked, they've already demonstrated that they are incompetent
i do not understand the fud.
eric just posted a pic from midnight building desks to show they got a new office and are working on getting bigger.Also he is kinda on of us i feel,gotta support that.
This is the standard for decentralized projects mate
Logo looks like a fucking fury faggot is behind it - so no thanks.
I will stick with BTC
like Emphy?
if that is a bad thing for you, just quit crypto.or better invest in chinese pump n dumb stuff instead of young canadian guys trying to make smart contracts usable for normies
binance incoming
yep