https://medium.com/@john_draper/how-posw-flash-tx-differs-from-other-scalability-solutions-such-as-lighting-network-and-segwit-6732e59f04f6I’ve tried to tell you about TPoS, the new protocol being used on launch in a few months, which imo is banking 2.0Now i’m bringing you Flash Tx, another completely innovative piece of tech in development.
This is a masternode-based anti-centralisation scalability solution that has significant advantages over Segwit and LN.
Read for yourself (link)Posw is currently sitting at rank 303, with a 5m market cap.
Tesnet is later this month and in December a larger exchange and the date of the launch will be announced.I’m not saying BUYBUYBUY, but I think posw is a diamond in the rough with all the unique features, and has massive upside potential.If you’re buying, make sure you have 25k for a masternode - these will be around 100%pa ROI on launch
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a game changer, where can I buy?
4395029Hello Pajeets!Guess what, you're never cashing out!
When are masternodes coming?
What is requires amount to run masternode?
Why team is anonymous?
this pajeet coin has no volume and a ton of bagholders... no thanks
4395136>Waaah waahhh I dont want posw to moon again because of a grudge I hold against it from Aprilgrow up faggots
https://medium.com/@john_draper/how-posw-flash-tx-differs-from-other-scalability-solutions-such-as-lighting-network-and-segwit-6732e59f04f6
the team is so anonymous that there a pics of them on posw.io.
classic biz, no comments on the tech at all kek, just a boring fucks parroting “pajeet”.
Love the enthusiasm, for now it’s on Cryptopia, Livecoin, YobitExpected launch for everything is january but keep an eye out for news soon
Still -50x of what /biz/ bought in
where did you get the info that a masternode costs 25k?
That was back in April and crypto was a completely different beast back then as was the team behind POSWposw has moved on...biz should too
There isn't even enough volume to buy a masternode LMFAO.
Even if I wanted to fall for your scam I can't.
I can spend a whole 300$ across all exchanges in order to "moon" the coin!
LMAO, how stupid do you think we are.
The lead dev.
I used to think this was a shit coin until I joined the slack.
Every other team can learn a thing or two from about communication from this team.
4395548>I can spend a whole 300$ /hr Volume $50kYou're a sad emotional trader if you cant get over the fact that teams and projects change.
Crypto moves at a very fast pace and April was ages ago.
It's time to move on.
Posw might have been a poorly run project back then, but it never was a scam and certainly is not one now.
In fact its one of the best projects to invest in, its in the perfect time for smart money to accumulate.
They already came out with a new updated website and the new tech is coming.
Hell at $6 million marketcap this coin is undervalued, criminally undervalued.
What I know for sure is that the truth is going to come out whether you like it or not and posw is gonna get the recognition it deserves.
And then we are gonna get the pink wojacks of "Why did I listen to the doubters and fudders" on biz, guaranteed when posw moons to front page cmc.
Already holding.
Can't wait to see this stupid fucks spamming "hurrr piece of shit wallet" buy my dump.
4395136This is really sad what biz has become, it's thrown all common sense out the window.
Back in the day people would have had the smarts to check out the new team behind posw and found out they are legit as fuck.
Even coins that mooned and then dumped were given the benefit of the doubt because it's widely known that dev teams don't just quit crypto after a dump.
The posw team is all business.
The coin is gonna moon guaranteed, they are treating development like this is a 50 million marketcap project.
It basically is, without the marketcap.
It's a gem in the rough, and an added bonus is that no one takes it seriously on biz.
You know what it's fine.
They will take it seriously once the tech for TPOS comes out.
And they will rush with the rest of the crypto space as it moons to top 50.
I'd be willing to wager that 80% of people on biz don't read whitepaper.
Instead they spam "PAJEET!"
and then end up buying the coin when it moons and then get dumped on, then question why they can't turn a profit.
>Total supply on coinmarketcap is 70m coins>actual supply is 350m coinsdevs are pulling a major jew, stay away
Perception is everything
why are you lying?
Max supply is 70m now and after new chain migration 75m.
Stop lying.