Moooooning right now.Get in here guys.
This coin is unstoppable.
FUCK ME I need to get back in.I should have known better!
This coin just refuses to stop mooning and making deals
Take me to the moon.
Go Goku, take my POWER!
target 9k babes
I am a POWR shill but it is most definitely not mooning, just another hourly pump... if we get an official release about Thailand or India later then we will pump
Be gone infidel.
Only believers go to crypto heaven.
Can I get a quick rundown on projected moon peak?
i need this...
Yeasss
it's announcement is pricing in as we speak
there is no fucking announcement until the team officially releases it, it's literally just a rumor right now you stupid fucks I hope you get dumped on stop ruining this lovely project
how do i buy this shitcoin?
i dont even know what the rumor is but i confirm its true.
lets gooooooooo
fucking beautiful, everything is beautiful about this project.
I would have to be retarded not to get in.
Pump is over get out
fuck off, it hasn't even started!
bittrex
Order book doesn't lie.
At least I warned you.
this is how coins get killed by morons
HODL
ima just stay comfy until this coin actually skyrockets, hodl mode engaged
alright what news just came out to pump this shitcoin?
PSA - big meeting in Melbourne this Thursday.
Sold out but I'm on the waitlist.
Don't underestimate the nationalistic tendencies of the Aussies - they are way more likely to back their own tech than some random offshore NEO type project
OOOOOOOOH M%Y FUCKING GOD WE BROKE THE TRENDLINE IM RICH!!!!!!!
OMG GET IN THIS IS GOING TO MOON AGAIN
not to shill, but POWER could be worth more than most of you realize.
If the company is legitimate (and it might not be at all , which is why I don't invest in crypto ) but a single token of POWER would be valued at $1,000+ per year in the energy community.
Why it's .80 is weird and makes me highly skeptical.
literally a week old.
be patient.
Is there programs that draw these lines automatically?
k, slight correction then 12k
What the fuck is wrong with you, are you in a group of 4 trying to PnD this or what?
Chill the fuck out it's not mooning it's another hourly rise.
Check the charts bruh.The 1-15 minute candles have already succumbed to this moon mission, the 30 minute candle has faltered and is about to go through some upward moment once we get a bullish TK cross.
>mooning>price is actually slightly less than it was a few hours agoWhy the fuck do I even come here?
It's made a slight increase and you guys are acting as though it just skyrocketed 50%
We're not only talking about the price you fucking dumbass.Kumo Breakouts, TK Crosses, RSI isn't even overbought yet and we're diverging into a bullish trend.
4492889Wow it went to 7.6k and now it's back to normal.
Obvious shill.
Obvious small PnD group.
Obvious 14 year old who thinks TA is useful.
Fuck off stop killing this coin.
this, it's so clear
 being this stupidstay poor pajeet
How the fuck do you DIVERGE into something you stupid Pajeet fuck
So I should buy more?
>buy loopring they said>hidden gem they said>muh buywalls>muh nex connection>muh neo connection>muh slow accumulation>muh volumefucking scam coin
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/trading/04/012804.aspsome reading for you, stupid pajeet.
Coin is overbought.
Volume moving into QSP, will probably triple by next week.
Get in the new hot pump before it's too late.
when you own both POWR and QSP Lol comfortus maximum
It's not the worst thing in the world, I'd set a stop loss in the 7000-6800 if you can't stare at the charts right now.We still need the TK cross on the 30 min candles, but we're sooo close to it.
We've got good support in the 7000-7200ish range, you might get lucky and snag something there if we have minor dump that doesn't descend into a downwards trend.Look at the slope of the price and the slope of the peaks on the RSI chart.
If they're going into opposite directions that indicates a trend reversal you twat.
Stop order set for 6801 getting 2.5k more
Volume moving into QSPDo you have some actual way of determining this or is this more Pajeet bs as usual?
whats causing this pump this time around?
broke 7800!
Been happening daily since weekend.
Pajeets trying to pump and dump while us smart Aussies are just hodling.
rumor of parterships with a power company in thailand
The technicals are good.If you care about actual real world reasons apparently there's some news or rumors about partnerships on twitter.
no no no, you see Pajeet, if it is a rumor (WHICH IT IS), it is not news... do you understand now you poosniffing retard?
where do i put my sell order?
What price are you going to FOMO into friend?
I'm in at 30c, will buy more at 7.5k in 15 minutes when we fail to moon
7950!!
!holy shit
Yeah 8k rumour and 7k news just wait a bit guys and rebuy.
they said they were releasing news on the 22nd...
I earn 5000 rupees!
SELL SELL SELL SELL
Jesus christ the absolute state of this place.
Muh wallet, muh announcement, muh rumors.
Yes they said that, who the fuck knows what it is, when it will come out or if the rumor released today is completely different to the actual news.
just holding>smart AussiesOh yeah, Im from NZ and I've been flipping it non-stop for dat der compounding interest
How high are we going POWRangers?
https://stockhead.com.au/resources/tap-oil-stays-mum-as-singapore-shareholder-demands-new-directors/you were saying?
Sell or hold bags
goddamit ico price was 8 fucking cents
https://stockhead.com.au/resources/tap-oil-stays-mum-as-singapore-shareholder-demands-new-directors/
Im done being salty, that I didn't buy at .28 centswhen do I buy now?
it's going to dip again, it must
buy now you idiot.
this shit hasnt even lifted off yet.
Just seeing you guys play with fire is hilarious, while I just keep on holding in peace as I bought in at 3k sats
After 8k sats the real moon mission starts!
Holy shit you are right why
It's at 8100!!
onwards to 10000 now!!!!!
8000
8250!fuk yeah
Damn it just keeps going.
I love this coin.
Told you... now next target is 8500...next minute
TFW DIDNT BUY THE DIP AND WENT TO SLEEP AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
bruh, how'd you know?
now
I just, don't plan on selling this for a while.
Not a daytrader just a /biz/ lurker who bought at 3000 sato, don't have enough to daytrade.Whats the projections on the value of this system?
Can anyone be willing to make some reasonable speculation for a biztard holding 40 POWR?
The fun begins.
Already hitting 8450!
$1 WHEN??
LAMBO WHEN??
HERE WE GO GUYS STRAP YOURSELVES IN.
ONWARD TO 10K BITCHES
>tfw got in at 7460doggo to the moon
 POWR is not enough bro.I have 740 POWR and bought in at $0.25 and it still doesnt feel like enough.
you can still buy more now, the ride just started
Comfy gains on this today , making up for my losses on dnt and slr
I've got about 100 POWR but will put in another $200 worth next week as long as it doesn't look like the coin's being pumped.
I also don't plan to sell for a while.
I'm willing to become rich off this or end up poor lol.
when there is confirmation this Thai company?confirmation that put this coin new ATH
4493524at the end of the month I'll have my monthly 50$ crypto investment, I'm sure it'll stop moving and I can predict how much I can put in.Isn't it in early testing in some areas?
They also plan on expanding to other countries.
I'm sure there's other chances to buy in.Thanks anons.
8200FLY YOU FAT FUCK!
DON'T YOU GO BELOW 8000 YOU FUCKING KEK
Sold at 8k, shoulda waited a little longer, oh well cant win them all
is it possible that we go $ 1 today?
Yeah there should be heaps of times to buy in, at least I hope.
A lot of hype going through it at the moment, once the hype goes down so will the value.
But it will moon one day.
That day will be closer to when the Powr team start finalizing deals with Australian power companies.
just went all in at 8000are we going to 10k tonight?
Probably not but I'm predicting $1.00 EOY
REEEEEEEE DON'T FUCKING TOUCH 8000 REEEEEEEEE
this shit finna go up and down but it will constantly, holders will gain more than people trying to flip this shit short term
I bought at 6k and just sold at 8.2k.
Waiting for it to drop back to 6 or 7k so I can buy more again!
I JUST WENT ALL INAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
just went all in at 8000
open wide for the dump boys
Me too, i made 45k on this beauty, im buying the dip and riding it to $1, this is one of the more solid coins in a while
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
How long do you think until the dip?
Couple of hrs?
And do you also think it will drop back to about 6.5 to 7?
the dip is right now
Just HODL it for a few days if you bought at 8.
No point trying to scalp when you buy at the highs.
just gonna ask this here since this is where everyone is, should i get bch or ltc to hedge the disaster that is btc?
10000 SATS here we go!
the dip is the highest point in the last 24 hrs>>buy high sell low
this will go well above 9000 today
This is the dip.
But going by thirty minute candles maybe 7200ish if we don't break down through the floor.
The most recent dip was 6.8 which is when I bought in.
I sold at 8.2 now I'm just waiting another few hours to rebuy and sell at $1 which I think it'll hit by end of month/year.
Thanks and yeah I'm going by 30 min candles.
I've only been trading/crypto/investing for 4 days so this is all new to me.
yes, expect to this hit 10 000 today
Shhhhhh
sorry my dudes
UNDER 800000000SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL
moron
>people buying at the 24 hour high

Nice laptop there, where can I buy one?
RIDES OVER BOYS
calm down guysit's recovering
I'm back guys, sold for 8k, did I do good?
buying back when its not yknow, buy high.
just let it breathe, shit's looking good
I did the same.
I think we did good.
It took a lot of restraint but I've taught myself not to fomo and to sell at the point that others fomo.
just read the white paper, this is gonna be huge.
just bought 4000, and let it sit a a month.
dont even care about the price.
stop selling, lets go to the moon.
when the news will be officially release it will grow much higher.
and this coin is legit, its not some neo bullshit or another pnd shitcoin...

For those not already in I caution you from entering for the next few hours, unless it goes into overdrive or something.
Did I do good?Goddamn coinbase only let's me spend 50$ a week
When will the next moon be guys?
Yeah as much as it's nice to pump the coin every now and I'd avoid buying for the next few hours.
go binance
coinbaseyeah you should probably not use coinbase
Why only 50 $?
YES KEEP RISIN
IT'S HAPPENING
here comes the FOMO pump
The app reviews for finance aren't very good hence me using coinbase What would you use?
Preferably with an app or mobile friendly since I'm not near a computer most of the day That's it's limit for a linked card, since it's being a big about my bank account (use a credit union that isn't listed)
I gotta go for a bit guys but I set by orders at 7500 and then the rest at 7200.
Smart or?
i fucking love this coin
I need to go to sleep but I want to buy it at a low pricehow low should I aim for?
Im thinking about setting my buy order at 6700
What do you use to deposit money in binance?
lets go to 10k non.
and when the news will be official, ez 1.3$.
this coin is too good, the team is far too pro compared to what the cryptoworld offres until now lets be honest...
I just need it to hit $1.
LNK has broken my spirit.
Just found out what 4chan is.
Been lurking for 7 hours precisely.
Decide to go all in on powr.Don't fail on me guys
FUCK, newfag here.
How do I buy this?
holy shit that 8k dump
it's on bittrex and binance
Bittrex
Lmao
GOD DAMMIT IM ABOUT TO BUY HIGHSOMEBODY TALK ME OUT OF IT
8k resistance is just pajeets work.
people dont like money or something ?
why selling at 8k when you sell easily at 13-15k?
Friend.... you're buying low..
don't buy if you hate money
its probably about to dump back down now.
Maybe not but it looks like a P&D with some big buy ins before and sells after.
Even with the 'new's thats 6 hours old.
dont worry pajeet are soon gone.
real mooning start at 8k when pajeets are happy with their 20$ earning
What's a pajeet and why are they trying to fuck us
What wallets can store POWR?
STOP DONT REPLY TO PAJEET INFESTED THREADS
I really love the company and all, but why would I buy POWR?
They seem kind of useless as an investment.
Rather buy stocks if I believe in this idea desu.
Prove me wrong /biz/>inb4 pump and dump
>Be me browsing /biz/ January 2018>Read top threads about wojacks, link, btc/bcc/etc and POWR threads>enter POWR thread>"ITS MOONING OMG">"No its not brainlet you guys say this every time it hits 5$.
Stop falling for the PnD Pajeets">"G-g-guys is now a good time to buy in?>Be me browsing /biz/ January 2019>Read top threads about wojacks, link, btc/bcc/etc and POWR threads>enter POWR thread>"ITS MOONING OMG">"No its not brainlet you guys say this every time it hits 200$.
Stop falling for the PnD Pajeets">"G-g-guys is now a good time to buy in?>Be me browsing /biz/ January 2020>Read top threads about wojacks, link, btc/bcc/etc and POWR threads>enter POWR thread>"ITS MOONING OMG">"No its not brainlet you guys say this every time it hits 1000$.
Stop falling for the PnD Pajeets">"G-g-guys is now a good time to buy in?
why would I buy POWR?To make fast short term gainz.
You don't your lambo?
MEWscammers.
>bought at 160k>sold at 164k cause thought the pump was over>now rebought at 180kI'm going to sleep now, hope I won't regret it.
^Pajeet^It is already going down.
truth
is it dumping guys?
im so scared
Back to 7000-7500 Stats soon.
http://www.baka.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.htmlThis is fucking huge
Look, if this shit can survive a PBC dump, it can survive anything
not yet, 3rd eliots wave inc

sell at 9000
http://www.baka.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.htmlI mean this wtf
4494212Ok wtf is this baka shit
Ok I might be an absolute retard here but why are you guys throwing around huge numbers like 8k, 20k, etc.It's 63 cents right now, are you referring to the amount bought?
As in you spent 8k dollars on it?
satoshis bruha
k satoshis
Satoshis.
The little numbers next to the charts
IT will survive yes, great project.
It is going to go back to the normal slow rise again now once it stabilizes after this Pajeet mini P&D based off a tweet and a few lines from a journo.
When real news comes out it will go up and stay up.
Not like this crap.
when you trade on bittrex or another btc-powr site it lists it in satoshis which is 100millionth of a btc
That's why you make quick gains and then buy in the dip
It was never hitting 9000.
They were aiming for 8500 and got 8400 which isn't bad for such a small operation.
The one earlier was much better.
what if i told you we're going to 10k tonight?
http://www.baka.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.html
Already sold at the top, just waiting for it to correct itself.
There is still the residuals acting on it from the posts they must have left all over plebbit and places plus here.
Once that dies down it will slowly sink and ill buy.
Kind of pissed off as I took a sleeping tablet and was in bed and now its 1:16am -_-
Lmao you guys are fucking dumb.
This coin will be the same as Walton coin...hits a peak, then a slow decline.You think they are gonna fucking revolutionize the entire power grid any time soon?
Shit will take forever.I mean Walton is a chink coin and yet chinks aren't pumping it even with constant updates.$100 mil market cap was a safe target for this coin, $200 mil market cap is kinda the upper level for these types of coins.Seriously, move on to a new coin.
Market cap too high already
This is my memeline prediction over the next couple hours.It'll reach 8400-8500 and either go parabolic (I think FOMO will set in and people will realize this coin has true potential to easily reach 1$) or it'll drop back down to 7k ish.
I would tell you that I want to go to bed so can your group please stop pumping it so I can buy the dip.
im not saying powr is a 8k $ coin, but its definitely more around 10$ than 0.8. hold those pnd we dont care about pajeets.
this one is 10x wether by the end of the week or eoy whatever
Your balls must be brass,
doesn't matter when in the future literally 5 billion people will be using it
I need to go to sleepI'm running on 6 hours of sleep the last 3 day, my first alt coin was POWR and I've been addicted to the charts ever since.
So much fun making profit off the pajeets and then buy more to hodl for a comfy 2018 Lambo ride.
So so happy I got into POWR when I did.
Maybe but this was a P&D on a small scale from shilling the 'news'.
You coudl see where they bought in back in the dip before it started going up and where they sold.
Lots of 1-10 POWER buy/sells during it too to keep show a green or red wall on the side book.
Solar industry growing at exponential rates.
Some governments looking for reasons to get the fuck out of coal and some governments with horrible energy leadership, which is what we're seeing with the Thai contract right now... go read about it.
Btw did I say Solar is growing at exponential rates, literally exponential.
This shit will take off and you will be left with your shitcoins.
I honestly believe that when this catches on and they provide easy to setup systems that this will be more valuable than m..mmm...muhhh store of value Buttcoin.
Thank you tho.
ITS HAPPENING AGAIN!
I highly doubt it's a PnD.
This coin has massive real use potential and all of the required necessities to make it a good investment.np, i know it's extremely meme as fuck but meme magic is for real
Then explain to me why Walton coin isn't a billion dollar coin now?
They revolutionized RFID technology, which is ubiquitous.
So, what's going on?Why would Power go any higher, then?
RFID technology < solor technology
Hello, this is Lain.
HODL this coin.
I don't normally say that, but fucking HODL.
I won't reveal the details, but HODL for about the next 60 hours.
Sell when the big peaks stop moving up and become more of a flat top, or curve down slightly.
We've got about another 40% left.
After the first big wave, re-enter when the flatline consolidation starts moving up again for the second wave.This is not a shill.
Trust me or don't.Lets all love Lain
Walton had a>delay
hurr durr clothing industry prototype that'll require an even more massive overhaul than something like the energy grid which is pretty universal The reason why POWR is going to keep rising is because it's much easier to implement over something that would require a massive rework of EVERYTHING.
Remember when solar panels first started coming out?
People were always like "that'll never work", now I see them everywhere.
The next logical step is to allow people to make money with them.
pajeets are always here why do you care ?
its been a long time people were saying powr is this powr is that.
i looked into it and its obviously a good team at the head, a good roadmap and the deputy mayor seems to find good business deals.
its still early.
dont read only charts and /biz but look how pro they are and how fast they grow compared to the others actors in the crypto ecosystem
Also, next moon starts in about 45 minutes.
Enter at the bottom of these next one or two 30 minute candles.
What use is Walton coin to the average person.
Wow I can track my products on the blockchain!?
It is not nearly as clear in its use, and it's not nearly as useful.
Solar is expanding exponentially, most people in the city of Perth have solar panels which is why it's great they started the project there.
Marketing POWR is much easier.
You tell some old fuddy duddies that they can get more money for their solar power using this technology and they'll be all aboard.
Try explaining Walton to some old farts and what use does it serve them even if they can understand it.
Seen those repetative 1 powr orders, its coming down
How far we going with this in the 60 hours?
Yep.
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 desperately trying to keep the wall green and keep it up.
just bought 3300 POWRhope it will be successful, seems pretty solid and legit team
when should we buy in
like 5500 at this rate lol
would buying and holding this be a decent idea?
whoever is doing the 1s is the only thing keeping it up.
It will go up in time if you stop.
Get in now and hold for a little bit.
These fags said it would a have major correction after the pbc pump.
No this coin has the support.
trillion+ marketcap.M8 stop being such a daft cunt.
8000 for a coin with this background is still pretty fucking good.
although it is crypto so it will be all over the place.
I think you underestimate the inverse proportion of coal to solar underway.
The moment it can become profitable to use solar, the moment it flies into space
If I’m an ausfag should I buy this on coinspot
Nice, I also have 3354 powr.
Hope we make it
yeah easy to buy there.. i bought 377 coins yesterday and i am already up.
red and green 1's now lol.
Maybe somebody bot is broken.
If I bought in at 7000 will I still have a ticket to lambo land or am I forever toyota?
it did correct and found the upwards trend it was on before.
don't if you want to daytrade, the fees on coinspot are fucking ridiculous.
If you want to trade buy BTC or ETH on btcmarkets and transfer it to bittrex to buy POWR.
I got that POWR, POWR, POWR
We are entering into an age of performance.
Wearing a fitbit and tracking your calories is a tiny example.
Expand and multiply this to every object you use that consumes power.
If you can measure, control and trade this in a market place, then everything you do in your life is has just been changed.
POWR could be the one that captures this moon ship, i'm not sure yet but when this concept is captured and rolled out it will mind blowing.
When we can personally control and monetize energy efficiently then the very nature of how we live is going to change.
IOTA is working on that.
Fug, shouldn't have sold as much after the pump.
Now I need back in and don't know where to enter.
Buy now.
The first moon ride up will be more hill like.
The following will be big green dildos, followed by big red dildos.
As long as the big dildo peaks are moving up, HODL.
Once the peaks start to become lower and the chart start to look like the top of a hill, sell.Love,Lain
 looks like a decent spot to try
Shit team, shit website, vague concept good luck friend
we're all gonna make it anonjust hodl
Is there any chance it will hit 4k?
I'm waiting for the 4k now
Enter now.
We won't be touching 7300 again for a bit.
No shill.
Screencap this post.Love,Lain
unlikely its ever dropping that low unless the company dies in a plane crash
deluded
i'm tempted to buy just because this coin has such a great shill team behind it
Also, this round will be going on for about 3 days until now, so don't exit too early.
When it looks like half a rounded hill on the 30 minute chart, exit at the top of the hill.
Good to see you here once again, I had almost forgotten you
Buy the fucking dip!
Back on the moon ship!
I'll have half as many tokens as I did to start, but let's see if I can't play up to more.
best pajeets in the biz, they are printing me money.
Just wish I started crypto before last month
When it looks like half a rounded hill on the 30 minute chartI'd say it looks like that right now.
Statements like this are always proven wrong one way or another.
The price is not based on fundamentals.
4494738Who the fuck is Lain and why should I listen to you?
kek.
this tbf.don't you think it's a bit earlier to re-enter lain?
Why right now?
Who the fuck is Lain and why should I listen to you?it's 4chan, do what ever you want.
Trust Lain or Curse Lain both are great choices, but which will you decide?
zoom out.
Again, this moon will take days.
The final giant leg up hasn't even started yet.
Who's lain
Agreed 7300 looks good.
Doesn't work here no arkie, it's POWRtime
RSI just crossed into oversoldexpect a reversal soon, buy very soon or miss out on gains
Look at the longer time frames
AHHHH I SHOULDNT HAVE LISTENED
Bounced at 7600.
whoops you're right, thought i had it on 30m
Broke down and bought in at 7750Time so sell I guess
4494881So you guys normally trade on the 30 min.
candles, right?
lol do not sell at that price over the next few days that's not that bad
Feel the Iron flowing into your hands, be calm in the face of the storm.
POWR is a wild ride, don't give in to fear, don't be afraid to Hodl.
You will make your money back if you remain steadfast.
Just watch tonight, you'll see the magic.
This is it, Anon.
If you haven't gotten in yet, for fucks sake to it now.
annnd down she goes.
To Lain Thank you for posting useful information, I will hold onto my POWR tokens tight.Regards Leo Nguyen
I got memed like this with NEO a couple days ago toobut the NEO pump was driven by a rumor.
this one is driven by news.
I don't know what to do.
It depends.
If something is moving fast as fuck I use 1-5m.For more calculated approaches i use 30m usually.
and up we goooooooo
This is going to consistently happen as long as POWR is high in volume, just don't sell and reap profits in a month or two (if you even want to by then if it keeps flying upward)
I got memed like this with NEO a couple days ago toome too, I jumped ship at a decent time though, bought in POWR at $.31 and didn't lose a massive amount with NEO.
POWR is fun to ride the Pumps, but I'm buying and holding as much as I can with the profit taking.
It's slow and requires attention, but this coin COULD moon hard.
I'm hanging on into 2018 with this one.
If you only knew what I knew.
This is NEO, Antshares 2.0 for new crypto game Anon.
This is NEO at post ICO, just a few sats price.
The next few months for POWR and going to be insane.
guys im from the futurefuck off larper
here we go again
Coins don't moon solely because they have good fundamentals or because /biz/ likes them.See chainlink and odn.
please keep posting.
im about to cum
I thought that was the moon.
Coins don't moon solely because they have >good fundamentals or because /biz/ likes them.They don't hurt
Everything goes parabolic eventually, doesn't mean that it won't recover whenever that may be.
Just remember to take profits.
Again, this is just the beginning.
Definitely take profits (look for the hill peak a couple days from now), but this is just the start for POWR.
HODL this coin through the winter and welcome to Lamboland.
Speculation?
I mean it's going to go up but what makes you think we are getting lambos.
so glad its going up again.
i almost panic sold when it dropped to 7500
Speculation?
I mean it's going to go up but what makes you think we are getting lambos.there is like a %5 chance that the anons with iron hands that bought in big at $.10 sell in 2019 could be lambomasters.
You and me will probably Hodl the bags for 3 months and dump them before the real moonshot.
>Meanwhile, on RCN...
Don't sell man.
Just wait a couple days if the trend keeps going up guess what, you make a lot more.
Wait wait wait... How does one and hold and take profits without selling and buying in again?
Wouldn't it be better to just take a profit or hold altogether?
No, this is much more than speculation.
I can't say why.
If I revealed what I knew it might destroy the naturally progressing price movement due to whale intervention.
You'll just have to trust me on this one.This is the first leg.
The next in about 46 days.
Literally about 3000% gains by spring.
0.60$ in 2017.50$ in 2018$ in 2019see where im going with this?
Actually another leg up in about 20 days too, with the first mega explosion in about 45 days
weak hands selling again
ride the waves brother
I believe that it's going somewhere, I don't know what you know *assuming you are truthful, but I want to be all in on this coin for sure.
Just need to find a way to get more invested.
Anon making me feel like you're not just shilling!
Muh skepticism...
mega explosion in about 45 daysStop, a man pretending to be a little girl on the internet shouldn't be making me hard.
god dammit
Buy the rumor sell the news
Lain is love.
Lets all love Lain.
your power of persuasion is noticed and admired
Bought more at 8000Am I a retard?
This is going to moon at 10pm EST.
I already feel it.
check how yesterday went.
Its doing the same exact thing
Why would doubling your money in a week be retarded?
Good news, it doesn't hurt in the end if you buy high because if you hodl it will be just fine.
Yesterday was because of PBC
When its at 50k will it even matter if you bought at 5k or 8k?
Enjoy the ride
I got 80 powr.
will that be enough to buy a lambo in the morning?
This coin is so new its just doing its natural thing out the gate.
Yeah they were a little boost but this powr by itself with no news will still be mooning just because of potential.
It actually has a use
maybeI'm holding 250
What makes you guys so confident this isn't some shitcoin that'll bomb?
this guy lain that we just met like an hour ago
Im assuming you havent read into it at all?
Who?
I have been at work.
Anyone got sauce?
Wait what happened with PBC?
First they made POT moon, then DASH moon, they didn't do anything with PWR.
Where did you get this from?
nah I just buy whatever is going up and sell when its going downsolid strat brah
just research you lazy fuck
yah brah you gonna lose ya monies with that
INCOMING LAUNCH
PBC didn't make POT moon.
It was a korean whale group from Twitter.
They had been shilling POT & CANN all week and posted about there 600% profits after the dump, and how you could join their private group for mad gains.
They didn't even try to hide it.
Disgusting.
well I just sold my whole link stack and went all inif I wake up tomorrow with my life savings gone you know it's on your conscience
lel pretty much this.
He's actually pretty solid in his predictions.
anyone like to check out the lines on POWR right now?
I have 1100 XLM I can liquidate for more of this.
Good idea?
Y/N?
got sauce?This thread.
Some guy calling himself Lain says this coin will moon.
YUP, GET IT NOW MEN.
Going to the moon
see
this dumps every hour or twotake profits guys
Everyone was speculating on their pick being POWR so the price pumped, and then dumped when it turned out not to be their pick.
my first moon mission!
IN FOR ONCE!
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
Set up a stop loss dude
4495676
hmmm I see, and I see the coin recovered very nicely after that dump over the night.
that's why I felt confident enough to go all in right now.
Hope it's not a mistake.
Kek I don't understand what made you think that was a good decision, seriously though after reading this thread I now have a better idea of what goes through the majority of people's minds when buying coins that mooned hard already.
Well thanks for buying and inflating the price more so I can soon sell higher.
there's no stop loss on binance my nigga
WHatever bro, look at the marketing for this shit its going to the fucking moon idgaf im buying more
Going to hit ATH tonight.
And its going to be soon
Good lucky tommorow then.
You'd wish you haven't bought in because some anonomous person said so.
Also I'm a holder of this coin and the hype has already reached its peak already.
I'll try once more, there's a massive correction incoming soon, I'm not trying to scare you I'm just giving you what I think because people on biz just are so stupid 90% of the times I have to keep spoonfeeding them
Some entertainment for this thread.
there's a gigantic sell wall at ATH.
not gonna break that
Buy now and wait for moon or wait for drop to 7900
IM GOING ALL IN AT 8100 FUCK IT I WANT A LAMBO
It'll drop below that obviously, but this coin is a mid-long hold anyways
Any of you fuckers get in early?
Must be seeing mad gainz
I got in at 4400 then panic sold for 4500 and im beating myself over itI got in at 6500 though so im okay
Got in early, got out a bit late, got some RCN, got back in, still ready to rock.
I got in at 7000
Where do you guys see the next correction at?
in at 4000 >tfw only have 550 POWR
Expect a small dip coming for about an hour or 90 mins here.
Moon to resume after.Love,Lain
Got in at 2300, did a little swing trading and now in at 7900 but this time no intention of selling until it hits another ATH.
So what are you going to do tonight Lain?
The same thing we do everything pinky wojack.
Try and make mad gainz.
got in at 3300 sats, was shilling this when listed on binance
Bought in at 10-15 cents, only bought 100.
Kms
4495981 sats>wew ladswe are breaking through
no dipconfirmed larping fag
He said about an hour from 10 minutes ago, chill nigger, it's gonna dip a little.
keep buying until $1 please so I can dump my bags.
what did you buy at?
What is ATH for POWR?
About 71 usd cents
I said I bought at 3300 sats, max ATH is 8870 sats
thanksthats near what I bought at.
this coin is exciting, whats gonna happen next?
I think I'm holding this for the EOYreally want to rally past 8400 and mke a run for ath
Yeah, that ATH is gonna be REKT in about 4-5 hrs.
Yep.Even if it drops to 7900 again im still hodling the fuck out of this.
It has a lot more room to fly.
I just want to let you guys know what happened with kyber and other ICOs that soared very high and then came down super hard and are now bleeding, keep this in mind.
If you want to keep watching POWR there is another thred when this 404's
Day before the announcement.