Reminder if you hold ETH you hold Pedocoin.
/ourcoin/
CIA, if you’re reading this, can you ‘Satoshi Nakamoto’ this guy?
Stupid Vitalik.
Neither of those things imposes risks on others.
Comfy
This guy needs to get off twitter, he's getting himself into retarded shit
You fucking know Baby V aka Slim Vitalik aka the Twink Bitlord aka the Top Sino Coinfucker is into some furry hentai shit
wtf... fuck ETH now

niggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggernigger
Fake
fake news
Non-existent tweet
Okay.
Now it's time to dump all my ETH.
fake and gay faggot
43521774352063he probably deleted it, there is a tweet about heroin and child porn however you fags
archived here lol: http://archive.is/IBm6v
We need a tweet war between vitalik and donnie badly
niggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggernigger
What a PR disaster.Someone needs to manage his twitter account, like trump.Don't know if he will get out of this alive.
If he does he needs to understand that every truth s not good to say, especially when it concerns pedophilia.
Is he retarded?What the fuck is he doing?
HOLY SHIT VITALIK POSSESS CHILD PORNSELL SELL SELL
Yeah that's fucking crazy.
The one topic he shouldn't joke around with.
Holy shit.
What to you expect from an autistic faggot?
ohmygod
ITT cucks that haven't taken the hebepill.
Cp is the nuke button to bring high profile people down.
So nice knowing I can use ETH for other you know what things ;)
I love this guyFrom his about me page
FUCKwe are the mETH heads and we are selling

Can he dig the hole any deeper?
Communist pedophile.
There is suspicion of a link between autism and pedophilia in the scientific community.
>yfw Vitalik becomes advisor for KidsCoinwe mooning now Kids marines
IDK care if you call me a p#do OP at least I have money.
I bet you hold BCH
that cant be real.
lmao you aren't actually still bagholding this are you
he deleted the tweetsarchived here:https://archive.fo/IBm6v
I guess this is true as well?
Gonna shill this everywhere for cheaper ETH desu
https://archive.fo/IBm6vHe deleted the tweets in embarrassment.
fucking lmaoeth mooning now
Fucking kek implying pedos of all people hold large crypto positions
kek'd
hopefully it goes down as a result of this so I can buy more
Have you seen the guy?
I'm pretty sure it's not girls he cares about
I'm just placed my sell order, also the eth community is a bunch of fags.
http://archive.is/IBm6vWho knew The Walking Holocaust was also a defender of the diddlers, and maybe one himself?
ETH is dumping now thanks Vitalik
Have fun with your inevitable regret
vitalik is open to talking and arguing for the sake of arguing on contreversal topics.
this is the kind of leader we need in crypto.
someone that can argue the status quo.
not to take a stand of support that but just to show that anything can be argued, it doesnt mean its right, logic and morals are too conflicting parts of thinking.
just because something makes no sense morally, doesnt mean it doesnt make sense logically and vice versa.
vitalik is cool that he can talk about that openly.
i doubt hes supporting child porn, i think onnly a sick person can do that.
hes just showing the persons logical thinking is flawed.
vitalik is a logical thinker, u cant argue with logic when using morals its just a conflict of interest
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
>Providing a market for people to produce and sell child porn doesn't impose any risks to othersu w0t skelly?
https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/929743854974091264
Got in around $8.50, I'm satisfied.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
4352417Well I'm definitely making sure to save that link
So you think ETH will rise?
Is this fucking real, if so wtf, that retarded mother fucker.
What is he doing, trying to fuck us all
Haha maybe he should just not open his mouth about some things.
Is he trying to be the Donald Trump of crypto?
It's not going to work.
https://archive.is/IBm6v
He's just stating that child porn is cool but heroin isn't.Literally /ourguy/
Some good salt up in here.https://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/7cl8vz/daily_general_discussion_november_13_2017/
Sold 100kBut honestly hope everyone dumps eth and pumps btc
ALERT /POL/!!!!
another reason to buy and hold ETC.
lol
At least in the long term, yes.
One retarded tweet wont be enough to kill ETH, given its merits.
Fuck off you bottom feeder

I love vitalik now.
Its the jews fault for making child sex illegal.
I could understand if the child is below 12 but women are fuckable 13 - 30.