I made around $9k last year, this year I'm getting a job that starts around $50kWhat the fuck do I do with all this money?
get 1 bitcoin!
I made 9k in the last couple months off Crypto.
60k Salary.
This is just middle class wage cuck levels.
Still plenty of room for growth.
only 9kYou're doing it wrong, m8
Buy btc and ether
I was an artist, now I have an actual job.
artistHahahahahhahahahahaha
Eat well.
Good food.Buy nice bedsheets.Replace your wardrobe.Nothing flashy, comfortable and functional with you own stylistic twist.Buy a nice bike and a pull-up bar.Just take care of yourself if you want the money to keep coming.
Everything will be less of an issue.
I promise.
Considering I tripled my initial investment in crypto (3k) and started during the bear market, I think I am doing just fine.
It was fun working with stone, so I don't regret it.
Hookers and blow, as always
I too was an artist, I made very little.Ungrateful people consumed my art and paid nothing for it, I don't careI've amassed a small amount of Bitcoin Gold and soon I will be able to quit my wagecuck jobThe wagecuckery is intense at the 50k level.
First of all the government takes half.
Then you get assraped by the rentier class.
The only way out is through the roof.
Set aside 5% of your paycheck and buy a cheap mining rig and make Bitcoin Gold.
Its going to be worth 10x in a year guaranteed.Then you can ease out of the system and your heart will tell you where to go
The wagecuckery is intense at the 50k level.
First of all the government takes half.
Then you get assraped by the rentier class.
The only way out is through the roof.It's actually a government job, I get subsidized housing, meals, full benefits, a stipend for clothing.
It's honestly a little overwhelming
4280161k >ArtistNow that's actually impressive if your the kind that been taking hard tips from Bob Ross or making them Greek Marble Statues.
I did a lot of bas-reliefs.
Mostly nature scenes but I had a few guys who wanted religious, pagan, mythological stuff.
Nah he worked as a liquid mixing specialist at starbucks
This fucking pleb doesn't understand the Joy of painting.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEU0stNfkxI
what's the job and how did you get into it anon ?