>be me>move all my money to ETH>be you>tries to send BTC to exchange for BCH>miners all leave BTC>BTC gets stuck forever in blockchain>lose all moneyETH/Alts FTWwho else is /comfy/ right now just sitting back watching this unfold?
I'm all in Ark.
Not worried at all, feels comfy
Moved all my alts into ETH just now.
I smell something.
if BCH kills bitcoin, the dethroing will cause a decoupling in ETH's 300$ level.
I expect it to go to 1k a coin no matter the outcome here.
Just sold the last of my BCH for ETHcomfy as fuck
All it takes is a horde of chinks with ASICs to fork and kill the top coin.Future coins take note.
Kill ASICs with a non-contentious hard mining algorithm fork before they grow out of control.
Things aren't really that bad for BTC are they?Like, there's no way it suddenly gets replaced by BCH or something.
*nervious laugh
Honestly I've got no dog in the fight, just curious if something's happened over the past 48 hours or if it's a normal dip.
If BTC Core has its back to the wall they will implement segwit2x and bitcoin cash will be dead in the water
ive gone into ETH, feels like a safe zone my ledger btc is just there to do whatever the fuck it wants
I still have all of my BCH from the fork so I have almost as much BCH as BTC, not really losing money so I'm just gunna let this play out
y-yeah hahah no way hahah
So, I'm scared.
I have a little in BTC and I was planning on using it but I see now since I ordered it yesterday it's done a $400 decline, will it continue or is this normal for weekends?
once people snap out of this flippening mentality realize BCH is literally just BTC with slight modifications and those modifications can just be implemented onto the BTC chain anyway.. and that this is just a hugely organized pump including god knows who (bankers, jp fucking morgan.. for all we know) then you are going to be lucky enough to witness the biggest dump on a coin in crypto historyBCH has no value over BTC other than the slight modifications.. like it has NOTHING if BTC just activates segwit, just a hated dev and the backing of paid off social media shills and shit companies
Comfy in BCH but only because I refused to use BTC.
Only stay in/transfer with/trade with ETH and Alts.
>>BTC gets stuck forever in blockchainYOU TAKE THAT BACK YOU DOUBLE NIGGER
or dont fuck over the miners by trying to cut out their profits by strangling advancement and adoption.
This rant reminds me of the MSNBC neurotic faggots after Trump won.
CRY HARDER COREKEKS
>mfw I'm comfortably sitting here with my eth watching the shitshow
enjoy your bags m8
your tears are delicious
No, but fucking seriously.
Why is it taking so long to confirm shit?!
Dips like this happen but a lot of people are dumping BTC for BCH so it's a little abnormal