
Should be the other way round.
BCH solution will be cheaper for users and more adaptable to change.
wrong.
kys.
i'm sick of this shit.
Core supporters are getting sweaty
I don't get it
So cucks vs. red blooded men?
yes what an awful hold, back above 7000$hows bcrash doing btwits different this time right?
Lol corecucks keep pumping the price to keep miners.....how long till they run out of money.
it's up 300% last 2 weeks, thank you for asking.
i know right.we so sweaty!
lmao
I wish BCH would just quickly kill BTC so we wouldn't have to read this shit for months.
Biz is unbearable to read right now, it is worse than the Link posts which were at least funny.
There is no end to paid BTC shill crews, they've been doing this for years and have now branched out to 4chan.
It doesn't work well at all either.
Everyone sees through it.
(((Public))) Transit!Corecucks confirmed for boot-licking government-loving socialist nu-males.
Public transportation is a communist scheme
BEEcash.
core may want to reconsider hiring you pajeet shills, these meme images you guys are shitting out aren't really helping your cause
btc shillsbch needs the shilling not btc not to mention link shills are cancer and unfunny
the fuck is a nu-male?
And just like this, in the blink of an eye, the reddit ousts itself.
No need to shill last man standing.
American sprawl was a mistake
BCH fixes the problem and lets me drive my car>BTC wants me to ditch my car and get on a glorified cattle transportThe choice is clear.
Not to mention of course BCH isn't just going to take down BTC overnight, it will be a gradual process during which BCH will grow at a higher speed than BTC, eventually leading to BCH overtaking BTC during a BTC dip, and at that points all bets are off.
If this was intended to be anti-BCH it backfired miserably.
more lanes = more traffic but less density, = increased happiness>(((economists))) stop at more lanes = more traffic to conclude more lanes is a bad idea>public transit = more energy efficient, but unhappiness as people are forced to be with others who are increasingly strangers due to forced immigration>(((economists))) stop at energy efficient and conclude public transit is goodAs a yuropoor, give me the US over EU any day.
Muh flippeningOh sweetie, im so sorry but we are done with that.
LOOK AT MY CHARTSliterally /pol/ tier.
I see BTC going up while Bitcoin Crash conitnues to go down.
Thats not a hard choice.
So happy i sold my Crash coins and that daddy forgave me.
Yeah no fuck American city planning, no wonder they're all on meds when their cities and suburbia are so disgusting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1ZeXnmDZMQ this explains the problem very well.Doesn't have to be either extreme, public transport has plenty of uses, but if the roads are congested, they evidently need expanding, but without going full Burger and just spreading everything out into a horrid anxiety inducing shithole.
Public transit isn't a real solution when you have one lane roads and no sidewalks servicing all of new York.but it's not surprising that a public transit company would try to convince you it is and that they should be the ones who get to decide how wide the roads are.
this is actually a great comparison.but the cash system will end up bloated like texas road systems
What the fuck are you talking about?
Have you ever even been to New York?
kek
What is "core" everyone keeps saying.
lol pretty much.Leftie overcomplicated solution vs simple libertarian solution.
>a private companies own solution that destroys the trustless nature of bitcoin and creates a layer of vulnerability>"its just public transit bro, get with the times"
actual bitcoin
Fuck off to plebbit,OP.