>buy ETH yesterday at 320$>goes down to 307 today
ICO dev faggots will sell their ETH to cash out so no chance this go up big as long as ICO lives.
It's not too late to sell!
$319 HERE...HOLD ME BROTHERWERE GOING DOWNAAAAAAAAAAAAA
>buying ETH above 305enjoy hodling for months
Shit fluctuates you dumb nigger
ETH always comes back to 300.
you stupid fuck, it's going up and down from ~270 to ~320 for months, you literally bough high, now you just have to sell low and you're certified retard
Repeat after me:BUY HIGH, SELL LOW!
I don't see the problem.Buying at the ATH is what you're supposed to do.
What the fuck is happening with the whole market right now?
Every coin just dropped like 10-15%.
just retards being retards, nothing new.
Are they selling to go into bitcoin cash or what?
Btc is dropping too
Vitalik sells whenever it goes above 300This way the big fish get rid of their bags without causing a panic
I bought ETH at $345STFUplease
Bcash is getting pumped hard on a some shitty korean exchange again, this happens once in a while.
It's perfeclty timed with the B2X drama.
It’ll go back up, possibly $330 after the BCh bubble breaks.
Just be patient poo in the loo
HODL for now unless you need the fiat
I've never got this panic at dropping prices.
It's like a fire sale on a product.
Just buy more, then ride the wave up.
Just be patient you sissy fuck.
Does anyone have the pink wojak in a suit sitting at a table?
I actually thought this wasn't another false breakout and that this was finally ETH's time to shine.
I was so happy and proud.
What a simple and idiotic blob of matter I was about 24hrs ago.
I will wear my bags with shame.
March me around town square with a dunce cap, I was the hopeful idiot who thought with his heart and not his mind.
Chad Wojak reporting in
I told you that you where going back to sub 300 faggots, where's that smug Anon who told me otherwise and took a screenshot?Where are you fuccboi?
buy theee dip...
Support at $304... there will be an exit point for you later today...
You heard about the multisig issue, rrrriiiiight?
o no now you only have 3 dollars and 7 cents instead of 3 dollars and 20 cents
wow.
you're fucking retarded
That's 4%, who cares?
How's that support retard?