Here's the thing with ChainIink, 2018 is going to be EPIC.
ok - if you're reading this, you're in the right place at the right time.
We've had an epic run in crypto since 2017.
But, and hear me out, you've ain't seen nothing yet.
Cause big money, and I mean really big money is about to hit the crypto world, and the thing with them is, they ain't stupid.
They will all be looking to the future, not at what's already in the stratosphere, but what solutions are ahead of us.
What is the giant of tomorrow.
That's going to be stuff like IOTA, or even better, ChainLink, one million percent.
ChainLink is the 'missing link', and the smart money is going to see that.
That's why I think this thing is going to explode a LOT sooner than anyone thinks.
It's already begun
did you really just photoshop sergay onto zyzzkek
Big money doesn't care about some toilet maniac freak.
Stop anon I havn't stopped accumulating yet...
you've had two months

these threads ....a json parser ...pfft BAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA.......i think chainlink is due
funny how fickle the mood is on this board towards chainlinkyesterday everyone was shitting on it.
A bunch of weak hands even sold what has always been sold as a long hold at 1800 sats lolI agree OP but it's not going to be a ride straight up.Just hold and get comfyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhY
over 18 % gains in one day.i am literally crying and applauding out of joy
No i didn't, only been one weeks for me :(, came to the party late.
But atleast I got in i guess
Always sell the memes, they indicate the heaviest bags
4517701And coin base fucks me buy only giving me a $500 weekly limit thats does slowly go up, but it kills me waiting
Lmao at the picture
LINK moons


Sergey is Zyzz.
In death he knows Sergey.
Just like Satoshi.
We are all Sergey in death.
Sergey is our prophet from the Lord KEK.
POWR might moon soon but it might sink.
ODN, on the other hand, is definitely going to moon around the end of the month.
New product and rebranding released on the 4th and whales slowly accumulating right now.
It's going slowly up before the masses find out.
Smart money is buying now.
I am dumping it on the 3rd to rebuy LINK from what I had put into POWR.
Been a comfey month.
RENT FREE
>tfw only 26k linkI think manlet cut-off is 100k