I have been living in Korea since dropping out of UT Austin 5 years ago.
The business culture here is extremely different than what I experienced in the tech hub of Austin.
Older Korean business men who hang out in the Yeongdeungpo district bars I frequent often talked about the Bitcoin and Litecoin scam technology.
The older Koreans are very much into the standards of business beset onto them by US occupation after the war.
The values hold strong and produce scrutiny against speculative technology.
The generational gap Korea, however, is huge.
The young Koreans are growing up in a very dense media focused society, being pressured from childhood to become educated and high class.
With the costs of living and education rising, on top of mandatory military service cutting into the prime years of young men, these boys are much less likely than their fathers to reach the high class.
Look up the Sampo generation if you don't believe this.
I have noticed that this new generation of freshly educated Korean men are opening up to speculation in ways their fathers aren't.
They are beginning to question the businesses and priorities of their fathers.
With rising tensions against North Korea and the burden of forced military service pushing on them, questions against their state burn within them.
For those who cannot leave to the West, they spend their nights together at the bars drinking and gambling.
I frequent these places and I have noticed a huge increased interest in cryptocoins.
I often see groups of young men huddled around charts, reminiscent of their fathers watching the stock market.
These are the men who will be rising within the business worlds of the largest economies in the east and they are hungry for riches.
How will they achieve this if Bitcoin has 156000 unconfirmed transactions and 10 dollar transaction fees?
They won't use it.
They will be using Bitcoin Cash.
Be smart friends.
I have_stopped right there

The clogged transactions is a temporary thing anon
Didn't read
nice deets, believable story.
Allegedly there is a growing interest (it wasn't really there earlier this year to my best knowledge - blockfolios/CMC on busses and in restaurants) but I can imagine that the upbit info is starting up a big stir.
where are you located and how soon before it goes viral?
2 years for korea?
They will be using IOTA and Tangle-based technology... 5 years from now Blockchain, Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Miners will all be ancient history
also, i'll eat my own balls on national television if that bitch is a fullblood korean.
The only reason BCH stopping pumping is because the Worst Koreans crashed their exchange with all the volume.
It's still down right now, but once it comes back online the pump will continue.
Nice copy pasta.
Just replace the coin names at the last sentences.
Saw the same with eth.
That should tell you something very important you idiot, that the entire shitcoin depends on some shady South Korean exchange that will soon be Nuked by Kim Jong Un.
being this newThe Koreans drive the crypto market.
love this pasta
Go farm some rice peasant, we Swiss rule the world.
You won't be spared either