Srsly, why so much people talk about LINK when coins like WTC, OMG, QTUM, RDN, NAV, VIA or other coins drop in value and no one talks about them?How is WTC only $4 now and no one mention how cheap it is?
I mostly see LINK threads till this day.
Usually I see a few coins shilled here for few days or weeks and stop.
But LINK threads just keep popping up...thinking of buying some but haven't had time to research it.
buy link
Here's Sergey at Devcon3.
After watching it you should get a pretty good idea what LINK is about.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhY
ChainLink had the most hyped up ICO in /biz/ history, along with Kyber Network.
The ICO was pretty exclusive, so only the people who pooled money to get in got some juicy extra LINKs.
This is one of the most hyped up projects, with a promising future.
Just take a look at their team of advisors and you'll understand why.
Big name guys, who wouldn't risk their reputation advising a scam.
After the ICO happened, a lot of people were happy and there were not that many shills.
A lot of these LINKies bought during the SIBOS pump, so they got shafted pretty hard.
Fortunately for them, we will all make next year.
Now you have to realize that ((they)) acknowledge that a lot of autistic neckbeards will be millionaires, so a FUD campaign has been going on since forever.
Just remember that there are pajeet and paid social engineers posting here all the time.> moon
ahhh I see...all the fudding seems to be overboard.
Normally, if you don't care about the coin you go look for a new coin you like and won't pay attention to LINK.Hmmm what is the minimum amount of LINK do you think we need to have to be a millionaire?
chan is a place to test virality.
Chainlink is so viral because it is one of a kind and possibly the next big thing in the next year or two.
When this shit starts getting discovered by normies and hedge fund cucks, they are going to FOMO so hard and it will get viral mainstream.
You have no idea how big chainlink is going to be in a couple of months.
There is a decent chance it'll be added to bittrex soon too, see pic related, it's the bittrex test wallet.
you probably need about 50k-100k LINK to become a millionaire
big if true
I don't know, but if we get a marketcap like Ripple's then a LINK would be $25.
You'd only need 40k LINKs to make it.
This time next year, the cryptomarket is going to grow as a whole, so Ripple's marketcap will grow as well.
Even if we dont' catch up to Ripple's new marketcap, and only get a marketcap of 9billion, things are still looking good.
They haven't diluted the total coins in circulation yet though, so there are too many variables.
Just keep in mind that anybody could send a token to this ETH address, so it might mean nothing.
this real?
Yea but the outgoing coins only ever go to Bittrex and this account has being doing this for half a year.
Why would this be fake?
can you link the address for this?
Got you.https://etherscan.io/tokentxns?a=0xc892e9036e9a7bd657b65078829be18b6856a791
magic words as exactly from Sergey's mouth: "real world use case smart contracts"do you know what this means?
This is paradigm shifter.
and if you are reading this, feel to be very lucky and buy Link as many as you can.
your life will be different in less than a year anon.
anybody could send a token to this ETH addressYeah, this is very much true....didn't think about that.
I guess the only surefire way to know is if it we see an outgoing transaction to bittrex.
I don't know man, just saying that anybody could do it.
I'm gonna put on my tinfoil hat for a second:>buy x amount of LINK>send 1 LINK to Bittrex wallet and mimic the recent transactions>spread the rumor on biz>price goes up for a short while>dump your LINK>rumor dies down with time and price returnsAgain, I'm not saying that this is happening, probable or whatever, just that you need to stay vigilant and question why certain things might happen and if there maybe is another reason.
ty my man
inb4 this wallet is flooded with hundreds of shitcoins and bittrex makes a new one which we'll never find again
HOLY FUCK GUYS.
THE DATE ANY COIN LEAVES THIS WALLET IS THE SAME DATE IT IS LISTED ON BITTREX.
u srs?
Tested the theory for Powr, RCN, Blocktix.
See for yourself
4537709>tfw hes right
i wonder if its worth buying some zrx and blockmason tokens just in case they are added
I don't think it's legit, check the wallet that sent the LINK.
It's just some pleb small time /biz/ meme wallet.
The wallets that sent tokens for coins that got added have stockpiles worth millions.
Unfortunately I agree.
Same goes for the wallets that sent zrx and blockmason Look at their holdings and transaction histories
Po.et looks legit though
I don't know guys, all the talk from link supporters sounds exactly like what people used to say about bancor.Oh yeah maybe it is going to get huuuge in 3 years because the idea and tech and team is so great...but what good is it to lock your funds into it until it seriously starts going upards?
Invest money that you don't care about.
If you can't do that then you probably should not invest.
what?
follow the rabbit hole, this guys a fucking huge whale
Bancor is useless shite that started out with a ridiculous high market cap, it's never going anywhere.
Comfy 70k LINK holder here.
Feels comfy to be comfy.
HOLY SHIT ITS FUCKING LEGIT.
THE SAME WALLET THAT SENT THE CHAINLINK IS ALSO THE ONE THAT SENT THE POWR>https://etherscan.io/address/0xfeeaa6a2ae0d4a15e947afc71dc249a29dc2778d#tokentxns >Sent the ChainLINK to the wallet, lets call this wallet 1>https://etherscan.io/address/0xbafc10b3a44a1e86167bf8565936296caee004bc#tokentxns>Wallet 1 received the LINK, OMG, and Kyber tokens from this wallet which we will call wallet 2>https://etherscan.io/address/0xd66873c0d33e27a1fd902eea663c285aecd192c1#tokentxns>Wallet 2 received POWR tokens from this wallet which we will call wallet 3>Wallet 3 owns 600k usd worth of POWRGuess who sent 1 POWR to the wallet 17 days ago?
Thats right wallet 3.
Then a few days later when Bittrex lister POWR the wallet sent out exactly 1 POWR received from wallet 3.
Holy fuck LINK is actually getting added to Bittrex.
But where is the wallet full of link?
big if true
why'd they go through all this bullshit though?
why not send one LINK directly to the bittrex wallet?
I dunno bro, but just check the transactions to confirm.
I think this is right.
I take back 4538129The coin doesn't have to come from a large wallet.
See for example ripio.
Buy the other wallet sending the link got it from binanceYou're not telling me the are buying their link from binance to list it on bittrex
You're not telling me the are buying their link from binance to list it on bittrexWhere else can they buy it?
The ICO sold out pretty fast.
Dont tell me they are planning on buying in ED.
Ok, shill me on this one.
Why the fuck does it matter now if it gets on Bittrex?
We already know that they are looking for Golang devs to rewrite the code".
Even if they already had the devs (which apparently they don't) it would still take 2-3 months.
Then testing and bla bla bla...
So, no serious announcement before March (optimistic).
By then, we could see at least 3-4 new projects trying to copy what link does but with hundreds of devs and solid marketing teams.
I really think that LINK is one of those rare gems like ETH, but the fat fuck in charge is an idiot with great chances of driving the entire project into the ground.
Some chink accidentally buys ten thousand link for a hundred thousand bitcoins
It is confirmed we will get news before EOY.
Other projects don’t matter, LINK is first mover, has massive partnerships and will most likely be the first to release.
Bittrex would mean a shitload of reddit normies could buy in.
hurr durr LINK on Bittrex doesnt matterThen dont buy lmao.
No bother explaining to you how important high volume exchanges are when it comes to the price.
You consider us linkies deluded anyway right?
That's not improbable.
How else would they get it?
Ask from the devs?
It's only a small amount.But have a closer look at the histories of those wallets, try to find problems there and decide if they're bittrex's.
I don't have time atm
This address had Blackmoon sent to it 2 months ago, but BMC isn't available on bittrex.
I am bagholding too, you retard, but I'm tired of getting drunk on water...
Doesn't matter, the pattern doesn't need to be 100% consistent.
It's correlates extremely well.
which one of you silly gooses sent that cindicator token?
4538281I have checked most of them.
Timelines match on a lot but it is not 100%.
Probably around 80-90% chance LINK will be on Bittrex in a week or less.The pattern holds true in so many cases.
First they send a small amount to the test wallet (this has already happened with LINK).
Then the next tx is sent to the official Bittrex wallet.
This tx is always sent on the day the token went live on Bittrex.
This seems to be real.
50k Link + 10k WTC here.
Go deep in both if you want millions in life
Got 82 WTC and bought 300 LINK am I gonna make it?
You'll definitely be set for more moon missions in the future.
Try to get some more though boi!
If there are really people on /biz that do not hold link they should just quit now because here in 3 months every fucking thread will be laughing at how eveyone told everyone here to get in.
Pink Wojaks will be plastered on the board when Link hits $1 KEK FOMO bitches - better get in real soon - this is not a drill
This times 1000.
I'm personally not a fan of monero or zcash, so you know what I don't do?
Follow all news related to it relentlessly and post about how holders are bad people every time the price dips.
I'm half convinced that all the fud is coming from people who haven't finished accumulating yet.
Think about what's going on here.
The common denominator here is wallet 2.
If you had discovered the pattern how would you exploit it if you were to invest more money in Link?
Don't prepare yourself for a disappointment.
I got to give it out for this one you magnificent bastard who came out with this.
To the rest of you I can assure you we are in good company
Lots of money going into Link right now on Binance.
There are vast differences in Tech between the two.
if you are to brainlet to see that, time to read boy.
$0.191519 on Mercatox
Who follows this shit and figures this out?This is why 4chan ismy numbre 1 for crypto info, doublecheck myself offcourse but still nice