It's over
>Browsing Breitbart
nothing wrong with that, fuck off statist
legalizing child pornright wing's buzzfeed
first it's breitbart.more are coming.
Restricting yourself to views from one side of the political spectrum which you already agree with
Spread the news boys.
We can all right a wrong here
man, vitalik definitely diddles kids doesnt he
To be fair breitbart is trash and not a good example of the opposite side.
Look at his face.
His perfectly sane face.
This face, whose love is just like your love.
Love is love.
Who are we to judge?
He just needs to run for office as a Republican in the South and Breitbart will delete this and write a puff piece immediately.
Regardless of where you fall on the political spectrum, Breitbart is trash.
It is tabloid quality "journalism".
Exactly.
Buzzfeed and Slate, et al like to browse Breitbart to try to directly counter the narrative coming from the right with their articles.It's constant dog-whistling and talking points to directly counter one another to help perpetuate divisiveness in the culture, with the unstated goal of continuing to build current cultural divides that help fuel consumption and justifies various attempts to hold back societal progress.
His hard drive clearly has some shit he doesn't want others to know about.The real question is whether it's lolis or some form of extreme racial cuckoldry that has its basis in racism.
All true, but none of that means other outlets aren't going to pick up this story, which is just based on Vitalik's tweets.
Breitbart is specifically tailored to fight SJW mental illness.
Perfectly necessary to have.
Plus Vitalik is a fucking moron if he thinks twitter will be a perfect place to debate child porn owners relative to heroin users.
Fucking idiot I must say.
Are you guys retarded?
He didn't say about legalizing anything.
What he wanted to say was: "A file on smenes computer can't hurt you in any way".
But he said it in such an autistic way (like everything he does) that looks terrible.Btw I dislike this fucking faggot for other reasons, I'm a vitalik hater but saying that he supports shit like this is going a bit too far.
He didn't even say that much.
he said he could argue the side.
Not that he believed it was true, just that he could argue the side.
good i want by $10 eth back pls and go all in
He can easily survive this.
Besides he is an inventor not an entertainer.
His work can be separate from him as a person.
I totally agree, and actually think this story will get picked up by Slate or Buzzfeed.
The real question is if he's going to be a "monster" for his views, or if the leftist spin on this is going to try to humanize him somehow because he also believes in Neo-Marxism and post-modernism.
Either way, if he's trying to make a nuanced, controversial arguments about toxic topics on Twitter of all places, he's a fucking idiot that shouldn't be the face of the second biggest crypto in the world.
Everyone knows that.
comments like this are reinforcing my view that someone is trying to push vitalik out of eth.
Breitbart also has financial interest in taking out ETH - they're heavy into BTC I've heard.
True.
And the fact that he deleted it afterwards just make things worse.
He really needs someone to filter his tweets for him like any famous retard does.
Famous/rich people either have other people managing their social shit or at least got a group of people that reviews the tweets first.
I can't see it because those sites push for that kind of moral relativist trash themselves.
being anti pedo is a right wing belief these days.
We don't work for Breitbart anon.
No shit.
280 characters isn't enough to make any form of nuanced argument; why you'd even broach the topic of child porn as a concept when your entire purpose for being on Twitter is to promote a business venture is beyond me.People put their "real self" on display too much in social media.
Before you post potentiall controversial content on any form of social media, you need to decide whether that's the hill you're willing to metaphorically die on.
If not, better to just leave it unsaid.VB could easily have gotten his point across without mentioning child porn.
He chose not to, and now he needs to decide if the defense of child porn is the hill he wants to die on, because everyone knows the world isn't nuanced enough to understand the position of devil's advocate.
You get it, anon.
When you're the face of a business, you don't just spout off about your controversial beliefs.
The reality is that lots of normies and government officials already think crypto is for drugs, terrorism, and CP exclusively, so why Vitalik would touch that topic is beyond me.I studied First Amendment law in law school and of course we discussed the "does simple possession of child porn--as opposed to creation or distribution--itself cause any harm" issue, but I'm not about to try to get into that debate on twitter.
So the main reason I can see him being demonized is because cryptocurrency is anti-statist by default.
If I'm not mistaken, VB has opposed government regulation of crypto, which makes him a default enemy of Neo-Marxists who promote "subjective truth" and other such ideological sewage.Dog whistling his "support" of child porn in an attempt to kill Eth (which represents Libertarian capitalism and provides an independent, open source economic structure) is a distinct possibility.
Autism speaks
autism tweets
being anti pedo is a right wing belief these days.yeah I heard kevin spacey is thriving these days
He is unironically against capitalism.
Im not even joking.
Corecucks will only get even more desperate as time goes onNext they'll be lashing out at Monero, Neo, probably even fucking Chainlink.
But this is what you do.
And people didnt believe me!Look at Business Insider this SundayBuy back in at 244
Word on the street, Vitalik raid incoming.
Normies tond take BB seriously, and that isnt what Vitalik meant anyway
stupid moralfags, childporn is awesome.
you know something is good when it gets FUD'd, and there is a massive FUD campaign going on when it comes to childporn.
just ask a friend or collegue for childporn and you will see: they FUD it.
BUY CHILDPORN NOW OR STAY POOR
This guy gets /biz/ logic.
The more normies hate something, the more valuable it becomes!
I know; if you read , I stated exactly that (different IDs since I'm on VPN)
It's the same ID
Claim he raped you.
MSM will believe it and write some articles despite a complete lack of proof.
43813934381602Breitbart is garbage?
good, then proving that the tweet is false most be pretty easy, no?
nice just bought 100k
breitbart blows my man, doesn't represent conservatism at allthe economist is the only good news source
LETS GO ETH DIP KEKEKELet him on twitter everytime when it moons too much
brooklyn in the house.
https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/930294485614977024@VitalikButerin>I absolutely abhor CP and don't support legalizing it.
I'll leave it at that.It's a smear campaign, just like all the posts by /pol/ from here
so owning ETH is basically saying you support and condone child porn?
ewww ETH holders better sell soon.
fuck yeah, the economist is the best around.>pro-free market, understands economics>well written, no fucking sensationalism>not paternalistic.
understands that American culture-wars are stupid>anti-drug prohibition
No such thing as bad press.
4383131>The Economist>Literally rootless cosmopolitans, the magazine
Rothschild's rag is a good source of informationKYS
Crypto shilling has reached an all-time high.
Now people are resorting to outright slander just to get their coins to rise in value.I'm gonna take my ETH and IOTA and just hold for the next 6 months without looking at any of this garbage.
BreitbartChill dude nobody listens to that shit
With a face like that theres no way he doesnt.