#notCryptoHow do you generate business ideas to build off of?
I'm confident in my ability to grow a business and tough out all of the obstacles, but I can't do it without a firm stance on what it is I'm doing.
I'm going to start calling around in the field I'm competent in (competent enough to know what I don't) to see what the pain points are because I'm completely dumbfounded how I'm going to find a proper foundation for a venture.
Is this the most efficient path?
Take some Mace and market it under the brand name “Fuck Off”U’d make a mint
But really, figure out what markets you’re familiar with and then figure out what you think everyone does wrong in that market.
and be the different one.
Figure out why someone would spend their money with you rather than with the other guy.
Carve out your own market niche.Work in the industry for a couple years, that’s the best way to figure it out.
Almost snorted.I'm knowledgeable in a very new and "wild west" industry that I know for certain will take be around for a long time to come, the problem is that not many people are doing anything at the moment and money is flowing only one way and even then it's not taken seriously as it should.
Cybersecurity is a bitch right now and money's only going towards incredibly technical things and doesn't have a huge human element to it.
I know I can start colonizing the industry and bring it together, I just don't understand how.
My first instinct is to look at major players who've done the same in the past and then modify their route to be more in line with mine.
If you know of any, I'd be appreciative.
The first thing that comes to mind is IBM and Microsoft (and less so SunMicrosystems), so I'm going to read up on my history.
All I know about is hotels and tattoos.Good luck on your robot security firm
Cheers.
Best of luck in whatever you're aiming for in life, as well.
I work around Old St the tech area of London.
If what you say here is so wrt "not many people" then you should first start getting yourself known for being in that field.
Blogs, Linkedin, whitepapers, anything that will help back you up when people DO want to get in - they'll find you have history and you'll make bank.
This was the original plan.
I was doing RE and exploit development and going the Tavis Ormandy route (if you're familiar with that scene: @taviso), but I cannot imagine myself doing this any longer without blowing my brains out out of monotony and boredom.
I can see the high level picture and I'm passionate about it, but for the low level I cannot force myself anymore.
>Blogs, Linkedin, whitepapersIs a good path, but only if you're sharing tech approaches and intricacies.
There is no place at the moment for more human-focused practices and this is what I'm trying to remedy.
Albeit short, I think these two posts have helped me sharpen the image of my ideas.
Thank you.