BTC is old Tech.
It's widely used but now with so many transactions confirmed miners can't keep up.
BTC was nothing more than the Model T for cryptocurrency.
Just because 20 years ago your car was Kings shit doesn't mean it can compete today, not without significant ooverhauls.
Don't get left behind.
BTC is going to become outdated one day.
Today just might be the day.
Get into cash before you're broke as a pajeet.
If you doubt it?
Get into XMR, LTC, ETH.
Your money isnt safe in BTC
So what coin allows an almost unlimited number of transactions per second with zero transaction fees?
YES WHAT HE SAID.
>Shit on BTC for 'old tech'>BCH literally changes one value and suddenly it's next-gen currencyBoth are shit
4325117i took a shit on your moms chest and she loved itshe paid me in BCC too :)
 I don't need to get a 8 Cylinder pickup.
My mom's old Focus can haul this 31 foot boat.
Watch> my computer doesn't need more RAM I already have 256k why do I need 8 8GB it's literally changing one valueThis is how delusional you sound.
If BTC wants to stay in the Stone Age they can keep that original value.
But as it gets more widely used it needs to upgrade and keep up or get left behind in the annals of History
you know how much model t's are worth these days?
A LOT
do you know how many Model T's are left in existence??
?Practically none.
Yeah really practical Car...real easy to get your hands on one.... you fucking moron.
Bitcoin is debian.
You can still go out and use shiny bleeding edge fedora and arch, but debian will always be that iron foundation when you need it.
Smiling because DGB is the new BTC and other coins actually use the stuff DGB has developed.
BTC was a great start, but it had bugs that needed to be addressed.
Our man Jared saw beyond.
Whatever it is, it's not PoW based
BTC is going to become outdated one day.It doesn't matter.
>tfw I put in $500 in BTC a year and a half ago and cashed out for $7100
Do you know how many people actually buy Model T's these days or actually use them?
Fucking retard.
I'm sorry about your bags.
tfw, I know
fuck that dinosaur coin.
let it burn
No need to be sorry.
I'm not a teenager playing with my mommy and daddy's money.
Research and analysis.
Crypto is 8 years old and still so young.
I started mining in late 2013 and have only invested electricity.
Jared is playing the long game, something kids don't understand.
BTC is 79% mined and its only gonna get harder and more expensive.
DGB is only 44% mined.
Where do you think all that mining power is gonna go?
You think people are gonna get rid off all those GPUs/PSUs/ASICs?
Nope, they're gonna get directed someplace else.