Ok I've lost a bunch moving around from btc to bch like an idiot.
As long as we pump again and into the weekend I'll be happy...
I think.Can someone explain to me what happens when btc dies - what do I do?
All my alts are tied to btc, if it tanks, are all my alts going to tank?
Do I need to start moving everything (at a loss) to Ethereum so I can use eth markets?
Do I try to put everything into tether?
Or should I be slamming everything to coinbase and into USD until the dust settles.
Can't figure it out, if bch wins, its going to wreck btc, thus wrecking everything else right?
Am I way off on this?
Plz halp.
BCH trading pairs for alts are coming very soon.
If you think cash is gonna win you're too just too dumb to be a trader, im sorry
CheckedSource?
Your alts aren't tied to BTC anymore than BTC is tied to the USD.
BTC is commonly MEASURED in dollars, but the death of the dollar wouldn't mean a collapse in BTC- if anything it'd mean the opposite.Make sense?When the flippening happens the value of BTC collapses.
The relative value of your altcoins as measured in BTC would increase- it'll take more BTC to buy an altcoin.
even Jews are abandoning the sinking ship that is Bitcoin corehttps://twitter.com/SilberbaumEli/status/933897396022644736
I fucking hate these BCASH assholes.
And no not you fucktards on this board.
Argue all you want but you guys don't make a difference.
None of us do.
The whales are playing us by threatening to take the whole system down.
If they actually decide to do it, do you think they are going to hold on to their precious BCH as it plummets in value?
Fuck no they won't.
https://twitter.com/SilberbaumEli/status/933897396022644736So my portfolio will tank and then I need to wait until the exchanges change it from btc to bch?
How long are we looking?
Weeks, months?
Not going to lie, maybe exit while I still have some that I've gained the past 6 months.
I just am concerned if I cash out the taxes will fuck me.
This doesn't make sense to me - sure alts vs btc will mean I get more btc, but if btc is rekt, what good is it?
In the past whenever btc dropped like during the china bullshit, my alts all took a hit.
If this happens again, sure I may have more btc, but if its going the way of the dinosaur, might as well exit correct?
No truer words have ever been typed.
Whales are manipulating the price of BCH.
You can think these posts matter but we are all just along for the ride.
They are going to cash out?
If they are going to fuck all crypto by taking down btc then thats maybe why so many on crypto twitter are quiet.
I can pay off my car and have enough for rent for another year, or bch somehow saves the day and everything rises, or shit gets totally rekt.
This sucks.
It would be the biggest exit scam in history.
Immediately move to Tether (if you think it will survive another crpyto winter), or buy up ETH/LTC (due to quick transaction times) and move them quickly to a place where you can sell off for fiatBTC 'dying' will decimate the market as normies see their investments drying up and panic exit.
Everyone else will follow suit as a result.
It's weird that the BCH supporters never actually acknowledge this inevitability from a win for them.
Maybe they don't actually believe BCH will win and are just shilling to maximize BTC gains
Thanks, moving some to tether just in case.
Hoping bch pumps big and I can move some more before all this shit comes tumbling down.
When the dust starts to settle, see about getting things in order to move over to coinbase.
Don't know about LTC, Charlie Lee just seems like a core shill disguised as btc alternative.
If he is so invested in seeing LTC succeed, he certainly doesn't act like it.
You think he would be cheering on bch like his brother.
I don't trust ETH, its price is tied nothing but BS ICO scams.
If Vitalik gets busted for cp shit will implode as well.
Not saying I don't enjoy the gains from either, but seems like the floor can drop out without warning, no safety net.
this, best case scenario everyone gets tired of the fighting and we move from BTC monarchy to an oligarchy of ETH, XMR, LTC..It's a fun ride nonetheless, it's exciting being a part of something.
dude, GTFO of Tether are you fucking joking
I don't mean for you to get ETH or LTC to hold.
They're just a good coin to use to quickly move over to a place like Coinbase if you need to sell off quick.
BTC can take fucking forever with transaction times, and if the death spiral scenario does happen (I don't think it actually will) then there will be no hope of actually getting your BTC to Coinbase
I remember back in July when ETH was thought to flip BTC.
That would have been fine.
BTC would have retained its value and normies would have been none the wiser.But the difference this time is that BCH wants to actually kill BTC.
Their win scenario is to make BTC unusable.
No one will be able to get their money out of the BTC chain.
I do not think this will happen.
But they are assholes for threatening to do it.
It doesn't end well for anyone in that scenario, which is why it's so fucking stupid
>if bch winsput all in link because it will flip bch
just stop already, give it up
Beecash is obviously not going to "win", but in three days all the FUD is going to make a big dip in bitcoin.Be ready to switch position then, because this may be the last sub6k we'll see for a long, long time.
but in three daysThe real test which is the BTC difficulty adjustment will probably be here in a day or two max
Get out while you can, OP, come be comfy with us over at Monero.
Market takes time to react, bottom in three days.
LINKs been gaining traction lately, it's a little worrisome.
so you're saying to buy the dip, even with upcoming market corrections?
well moving some to tether now will help, if btc dips bad and bch fails, can hopefully scoop some up.