My friend said you can set a position at like 5 dollars per pip for example, so if it goes up one pip you make 5 dollars, 2 pips you make 10 ect.
I made a demo account, trading GBP/USD but it sets the price at 1.3 per pip.
Is there a way to raise this?
forex is some of more complicated investments you can get into.
I wouldn't bother unless you going to do a lot of reading and research.
I'm willing to put in the work, just starting out.
Bought 50k, the whole demo account, and it dropped like 12 pips, then reversed my position and it's climbing now.
I meant sold 50k
forex is some of more complicated investments you can get intoI thought stocks and futures were the Alpha dogs?
So the 1.3 is the exchange rate, not price per pip.
I made like 20 dollars on a 50k investment, tried messing around 1k and it leads to just cents in profit or loss.
You seriously got the exchange rate confused with .... anon... i'm sorry...
Yea I'm a self admitted noob, my buys and sells have been on point thus far though, if I could figure out how to make money per pip I'd be making a killing.
There's a lot more research that goes into forex since politics and shit goes into the price, on top of all the normal financials inside the country.
also the math is more complicated to a degree with no base currency.
unless you tossing dice and hoping the number flow in your favor, there's a lot more work involved with staying on top of the game than just watching a company and it's industry.
You're also playing ball with the big shots who have various experts and engineers behind them.
Most big dogs use 1.00 lot sizes or bigger.
Smaller and beginners use .01 to .10 lot sizes.
You mean compared to stocks right?
I figured futures is where FX traders went after they got super rich.
"figure out how to make money per pip" That really doesn't even make sense.
ignorance is bliss i guess.
Do you know what a pip is?Do you know that a pip is 1 basis point?
And how large of a position you need to make meaningful amount of money off of a 1 basis point move on a pair?
Do you know what a lot is?
- not "a lot" a "lot".
No I don't know any of this, hence making this topic and using a demo account instead of real money.
yeah.
with stocks it's mostly reading through the company reports and press releases, and maybe those of their competitors.with FX it's the sum of that county's companies, plus tax laws, plus whatever geopolitical shenanigans it gets into, etc.
not to mention the heavy lifting is handled by AI that trade withing milliseconds of news coming out.
What if I got really good at FX?
Could I potentially trade stocks and futures easily?
Two different things.
In my experience.
nothing is easy with the tech out these days.
chances are you'll spend a lot of time and effort and hit parthe companies who can beat the market off day trading generally have some kind of unfair advantage that's inaccessible to the guy trading at his home computer.
I don't have to outperform them to make money.
I mean, at that point you might as well buy the index and spend your time making money somewhere else.
I'm not exactly sure what you're trying to say.
If you can't make more money day trading than with a simple buy and hold then you're wasting your time.
You don't even know what forex is, do you?
Why do you assume I can't?
You just said you "don't have to outperform them to make money".
Well, if you're not outperforming them, you're going to be making just about what the S&P yields by itself, or worse (likely worse).
And also if you're not outperforming them, you're likely getting taken advantage of by them.
Hedgefunds and friends don't really do all that better than the S&P.
On a good year you'll see them do about 0%-10% better than the S&P.
On a bad year they dissolve.
How about, you try it.
Put your money in an account and see how you do.
statistically most people don't.
beating the market is a zero sum game, every dollar you make above par is taken from someone else, and vice versa.
but it's much more lop sided towards the institutions with the resources to take the lions share of any advantage available on the market.
4370869 Look I don't know how well they are doing or care.
I just know what I can do.
I don't have to be the best trader that ever lived.
I only need to make more money than I lose.
I've heard you only need to be better than 95% of every other trader to earn money.
And you won't always be in that 5%.I don't get the culture of this board being so negative and toxic.
he's saying that you trying your best will yield the same result as sticking it in the s&P and earning 16% in a year.
And he's probably pretty close to being right if you're approaching it from 0 knowledge.
I'm up ~185% or something year to date.
It can be done.
(penny stocks).
I think that what we're doing here is trying to bring some realism to your optimism.
It's not as easy as it sounds, that's all I want you to realize.
What's with this board's obsession of just assuming that no one else besides them knows how to trade?I just don't think I can post here any longer.
I have my money in index funds myself, not pretending I know how to trade better than average.
The majority of professional traders don't do better than average either, and the ones that do are usually by chance.you can make money by trading, but you'll probably make the same money by buying the entire market and loafing around.
basically what you are telling me is that there aren't any actual traders around here who do very well?
there aren't many traders who do above average.
so the more one trader makes, the higher that bar is set.
but the stock market is a "rising tide raises all boats" situation.
as log as you're involved you'll make money.there are also a set of traders who basically cheat the system.
then again, the markets were never designed to be fair.
there aren't many traders who do above average.Why do you assume that I'm not one of them even after I tell you I am?
I just can't understand the mentality of the average poster here.
Yeah I'm one tooAnd meThis is an anonymous image board buddy why would anyone care about your larp kek
Why not simply ask for proof?
I mean this board has ids on.
Anyway it doesn't matter.
I was just pretending any way.
mostly statistics.
because of the 'cheaters' I mention.
above average isn't above 50% of all traders, it's above 50% of all active money, which is closer to 90% of traders.also you're a stranger to me, I have no idea what your abilities are.
a teacher can tell their entire grade their going to graduate top of the class, and they can all believe it.
but by definition it's not going to happen.
bro hella ppl just shitpost on here for fun and to let out stress on their play money.simply lurk moar
simply lurk moarThere doesn't appear to be any reason to.
I've yet to see anyone around here that I can learn anything from and this community is really toxic.
Anyways I'm gone
Hedge Fund managers who are not insider trading often cannot beat the index.https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/03/after-winning-bet-against-hedge-funds-warren-buffett-says-hed-wager-again-on-index-funds.html