To me, all the FUD around BCH is just pure hate from early investors who cant stand the fact that their lovely bitcoin may go down.
That's why their is some much hate on this subject.
I understand it, i mean, i would also be upset if i had traded a coin for 4-5 years and then an other comes and takes its place.
But i guess the maket changes, and you have to adapt.
Or just die with your ideas.
But guys, just give me your reasons why BTC is better than BCH.
(except that "BTC is the true king" and all your brainless crap)
God fucking damnit I just need this shitcoin to pump up a tiny little bit so I can drop these bags without a loss.
PLEASE MR. Ver pump this fucking garbage up one more time so I can exit, I fucking HATE bagholding.
PLEASE.
This.
I'm missing all the moon missions in the world because if this shit.
Well, you havent understood the rule called "dont chase the hype".
If you entered at 0.30.. well i cant do anything for you my friend.
Entered at .24 so I still fell like it should be possible for me to exit without a loss.I equally think it could just continue to bleed until it's sub .15 and stay there for a long time so I'm not sure what I should do.
Might have to take the hit.
I look at all bch shills as new money poor people who can't afford a full bitcoin so desperately cling onto the hope of a flippening so they can finally say they own a full bitcoin but instead they just got shilled some bootleg useless currency.And i'm not even a early investor i joined only in may but still wise enough to know btc will always be king
My dudes.
You got robbed
BCC is stupid.
No dev team.
Retard capitalist community only thinking about gains, shady front men claiming to be Satoshi, paid shilling galore, and a potential to kill cryptos golden goose by making it too uncertain for investors and normies.There is no reason to be afraid for a flippening: when BCC approaches 1 BTC you just switch over 1:1.
Problem is that 1BTC will be worth around 500$ (so in effect you lose over 90 procent of your portfolio value) and that the BCC bastards will make out 10x (they accumulated below 0.1 because they had inside knowledge of upcoming pumps), not only dethroning the king of stability, but undoing all the last decades work on BTC adoption.
They never claimed to be satoshi and they are a lot less fishy than wall street connected blockstream which did a hostile takeover of btc.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DCAC1j2HTYFucking lol at you, the whole team is literally criminals and some of the most shady people in industry
you better diversify your messages, its getting quite obvious
They changed a single value in the core code.
That is all they did.
BCC is a miner's coin.The rest is theatrics.
Coked up paid celebs like Mcafee telling people that BCC will be worth 500k.BCC is a cheap cash grab.Tell me why BCC is worth more than Ethereum?
I said no "BTC is king" bulshit.
And you still havent any good technical reason.I also joined earlier this year, and i almost have around 1 BTC in just few months
because normies won't jump on the train for anything except bitcoin, at least not for 10+ years
BCash is an inferior CENTRALIZED Litecoin.
This is a market driven by speculation, optics, and general perception.
Money will flow into Bitcoin because it is Bitcoin.
Normies know it.
Wall Street knows it.
It is the only crypto truly worth hodling.
Bcash is just another shitcoin.
You wouldn't trade 1/1000th of an Amazon stock for a cup of coffee.
Stop wanting to buy coffee with digital gold.
Only argument is some trash talk about the BCH team.
Technically, do you have anything that the mass could take as a good reason to prefer BTC over BCH?
This is the purpose if this thread!
At the end of the day, nobody cares about your "criminal" bullshit.
Look at the banking system, which owns 99% of the money on earth, is the greatest criminals on earth.
Does it stop people to give them their money?
I dont think so.
People just want a reliable coin to store money and earn more.
I wouldnt buy a cup of cofee with BTC and with BCH neither.
BUT i dont want to pay 180$ fees for 1 transfert which can be stuck for few days.
This is BTC.
And those same BCH investors are just looking to increase their BTC position, it what is BCH priced in the most ... yeah BTC.
Discussion over, back to your room #REKT
This.
Don't forget that someone is paying for this bch shill campaign.
Btc to moon soon, nevar forget
Did you not watch the video?
Literally Craig pretending to be safoshi to the fucking bbc, Roger vers isn’t even allowed to enter the fucking USA anymore and lost his citizenship and don’t get me started on Jihan’s mining operations.I get it you bought this coin high and now you’re forced to take this side but if you did the slightest bit of research or were around for more than a month here you would of realised how wrong you are, we had this exact same situation in August too and it peaked at 0.5 btc and I’m sure it will happen again and again.. but bitcoin will always be king, bcash is an alt coin, deal with it.
i bought 0.07 Im totally fine, i m only asking for technical arguments, not some stupid crap which nobody cares.
Technically, do you have any good reason?
Ok i got it, they are all criminals if you want.
So how is the BTC better than the criminals BCH?
Thats my question bro.
And Luke DashJr is a religious nutbucket, Btcdrak ran his little Viacoin pump and dump scam with Peter Todd, G Maxwell is a two-face snakey ginger neckbeard, Adam Back and Samson Mow spend more time trolling on twitter then even running their own scam company, Core is no better.
For one, BTC has trust (build over years).
BCC only increases variance and uncertainty.But you are the one supporting an altcoin, so why you not tell us why BCC is better store of value?
Especially after we have seen this giant pump and dump market manipulation?
Does that bode well for the future?If one fork can overtake BTC, then future forks can overtake this fork.
It never stops flipping all the way down to three fiddy.
You realize what's happening right ?1: The huge shilling and whaling is proving that while BTC is decentralized, a few whale can get together and implement a monetary policy encouraging peoples to buy BCH.
So much for muh federal reserve.2: This raises the question of what the fuck is going on with crypto in the context of trust.
Trust in crypto is provided by the fact it's decentralized.
That's the long term advantage, since we've already established that anonymity is not a sure thing, considering every major exchange track your shit for tax purposes any way.
How are people supposed to trust crypto if a body of whales can destabilize even the biggest coin.It's just taking the legitimacy out of it.
Good for making a quick buck, shit for the dream of ancapistan.
Really disappointed in you guys.
All the shilling.
Bitcoin is a currency, not just digital asset.Vers was in the US few days ago.Why Jihans / McAfees mining operations should matter?
explain yourself.
Why exactly are Wright, Ver and Wu more trustworthy?
Wu and Ver tried to fork away from BTC multiple times.
Wu wanted the forks for his ASICboost to keep being functional.
They're not in it for the better system, they're in it for their own gain, which will make it more centralized.
Because one is the actual coin and the other is a spin-off fork that made one change and has a shittier team and one month of history verse 9 years.
Give up retarded bagholder the fomo is dead so take your losses
It seems both sides are screwed.
this, op should read a bit more about asicboost and bitcoin in general, he's probably a newfag that started crypto 4 month ago
Except all early investors switched to BCH, or waited until Segwit2x was dead to switch.BCH fudders are kids hoping that their 0.4BTC will buy them a lambo one day.
LoL I'm what you little newfags call a boomer (actually gen X) but your all fukin stupid from bath salts and X to know the diff.I hold hold my btc and accumulate wealth while you poorfags play games with your dishwasher money, buying chink knockoff btc called bcash.
You didn't think we would eventually buy up good crypto?
Please.
Go play with btrash cause the expensive stuff is out of your league.Go wank off to Taylor swifts alien ugly face.
All your money.
nobody expects BTC to go down.
we're just laughing at you ridiculous BCH fags lmao
what the fuck
Nobody gives a fuck about bCASH just bore off with it you're boring.
ok, great.
enjoy BCH.
enjoy your "real bitcoin" that will forever be 10-25% of the "fake bitcoin" value.
https://www.coindesk.com/blockstream-using-satellites-beam-bitcoin-earth/wow blockstream is evil
>looked on /biz/>everybody was larping about BCH crashing>price at $1047>buy>look at /biz/ again>all BCH mooning posts >prize at $1400>sellRemember to always do the opposite of what /biz/ does.
Easy money
BCH is just a shitty altcoin using Bitcoins name for marketing, it might as well be called cuckcoin
so because he's satoshi old right hand man, he deserve some sort of credibility, what about all the other peoples who worked on the original bitcoin ?
Truth right here.
This is he right way to buy low sell high
this, if you got in .2 consider your money lost
BCH is nothing but a scheme to make a few people extremely rich with pump and dumps.
Shitcoins wont go anywhere as long as they arent as regulated as the normal stock market.
Don't get the BTC VS BCH they can co-exist and BTC has a lot of buy support if it falls below 6k.
BCH will probably be sold in an instant without any actual buy support if it falls below 1k.
I bought Bitcoin in 2012, I'm pissed off at core, I went all into $BCC at 0.08.
this.. old school bitcoiners read the whitepaper, we know what bitcoin is.
segwit is not bitcoin
https://blog.plan99.net/the-resolution-of-the-bitcoin-experiment-dabb30201f7I'm here since 2013 and I will never buy this shitty BCH.
Mike maybe right but it really bother me that they are using the term "Bitcoin" for a fucking altcoin.It soud like a fucking LIDL cookie bootleg.
Why would any early investor be mad?
If they held BTC during the fork, they are equally invested in BCH as well.
As an early Bitcoin investor I consider BCH/BTG to be some sort of dividend for free BTC.
That's it.If you are here since the beggining there is no way that you approve of that shit.
"BTC" ticker is already taken and hardcoded everywhere.
This thing will always be called BCH.
ask Bitfinex/Bitmex employee on the whalepool.io teamspeak if they will do that, you are going to be disappointed.
>trading a known scam
Cringe
that is your delusional fantasy, yes
Give me reasons as to why BCH is better than DGB and you can't use first mover because it isn't.
yea it is cuz it's bitcoin, not "BCH", not BCASH.
BITCOIN
there is no reason to be afraid of a flipping except for the huge amount of fiat gains you could have acquired, the vast amount of BCC you would have missed out on, and the devaluing of your current wealth portfolio by 90%I don't think a flip will happen or want one to but Why would you say something so horribly misleading?
Im not denying you could make money of a flip.
Im just stating that missing out on potential gains is not a loss.
You are discounting the major risk that acting on potential brings you.And even if you do a 1:1 you will still lose and incur more risk (BTC has a track record of sustainable growth, BCC is a large unknown, there is huge risk that governments will regulate the shit out of BCC, because of its obvious market manipulation, leaving everyone worse of (except criminals in safe havens who got rich of the same coin they are attacking now)
Why BTC is better?
Cos it doesn't have fucking 50 threads telling me to buy it you fucking chink scammer.
It's almost as if you idiots don't realize there is only 1 thread necessary.
You make money on biz when little to no attention is given to a project that has insane potential.
The moment you see 50 threads of anything on biz is when you know it's most likely full of shit.Member when coiners actually helped each other out around here?
I member
Wtf with all these anti BCH shills?
I made an easy 30k From it so far.
Who the fuck cares about how good it is??
It’s an easy money maker unless you’re retarded and buy on a peak like the moron you are
See, only traders buy this shit, to scalp or make a quick bux not because they believe in it.
The only normies that bought this are spoonfed brainlet.
hate from early investorsearly investors are the ones who like BCH.
The hate comes from all the new investors who have been sucking corecock for a while and are totally brainwashed, not knowing what bitcoin is even supposed to be.
Explain to me why your Bitcoin is better than 1000's of other coins with large block sizes and rapid transfer.
Pretty much no coin is better then DGB...it will prove soon with price ;)
BTC+ has the ticker+ actual development work+ allows consumer grade hardware to be a non-mining node+ institutional money is coming+ used on most exchanges as the main trading pair- many innovative paths hindered to serve the interests of blockstream- heading towards further centralization with their proposed layer 2 solutions- massive censorship and manipulation- high fees with no onchain solution- does not work reliably as of right nowBCC+ free of VC capitalists with dubious intentions+ scales onchain and remains peer-to-peer cash as intended+ miner friendly, new difficulty adjustement should make it more profitable to mine than Core+ works reliably as of right now- no development work- conmen run the show- bigger blocks will result in a chain too big for consumers to run a node- no plan for future scaling to visa level network- race against the clock to gain a foothold before it plummets to irrelevanceBcore and Bcash respective prices mirror their respective chances fairly well.
Bcore has 5:1 odds to prevail, but a victory won't do much to the price.
Bcash has a steep hill to climb, but stands to win the jackpot.The rational choice is to own both in equal (BTC/BCC) amounts.
Sell some BTC for BCC when BTC climbs, sell some BCC for BTC when BTC goes down.
All the BCash shills are only looking to unload their extremely heavy bagsNO THANKS SHILL!
Forgot to add:BTC has been pumped recently by Bitfinex through tether emission, which can be a good thing or a bad thing depending how you look at it.
Bitcoin is overvalued compared to its natural price point at this moment in time, but it might not matter as Bitfinex has the ability to keep this charade going indefinitely.
No it's rather if Bitcoin crashes, the whole thing crashes.
Normies will be scared forever because they don't know anything besides Bitcoin.
Wanting BCC to succeed and BTC to crash as a result is like wanting the personal computers before their mainstream adoption to fail to make Laptops succeed.
Or like wanting Mobile Phones to fail to make Internet capable Smart Phones succeed.
The adoption isn't there yet, the technology not everyday usable yet.
Bitcoin needs to become mainstream and an everday thing first, before we can even think about replacing it with something superior.
It's THE gateway coin to cryptocurrency.
For all our sakes even Alt Holders we need to hope that BTC succeeds.
Because it has the name Bitcoin in it, and public at large sort of recognise it, even if they don't know the difference.
Just take the loss if you think it's that bad.
What moon mission would you get into instead?
BCH is better.
BUT BCH is also excepted less than BTC, and this confusion convolutes consumer adoption and you risk losing people as they buy one bitcoin and can't send it to another???
Lol.Really though I think Ethereum is the dominant chain, the speed that everything executes is phenomenal, and the capability to issue securities is amazing.
Ouch.
Entered at .15, offloaded at .24.
I don't know why the fuck more people don't realize this.
If BTC goes down, so does the whole ship.
It is the market's touchstone.
So ?
You do realize that you can create a fork and call it Bitcoin Ultra or something silly as well.
why BCC is worth more than Ethereum It isn’t.
The sexual market value of BCH is 22.1B, ETH is 31.5B.
But there are more ETH so each one has a lower face value.
Is /biz/ a financial subreddit for crippled retards?
Sexual market value?
You are retarded.
It is bch, it is bcash, it is not bitcoin.
But guys, just give me your reasons why BTC is better than BCHIn terms of technology, BTC is definitely lagging, but that's not what's driving growth in either of the coins.
Sure, it helps to have a better infrastructure etc.
but that wont help BCH overthrow BTC.The only thing that can help either coin grow is increasing the number of people investing in them and that's where BTC has all the major advantages.The way I see it, there's 3-4 main groups of investers who could potentially invest in either coin; current crypto traders - This market is reaching saturation, any movement from either coin is currently through these 'early adapters'.
Not much growth left here.Big brokers - Big firms with a long history of stock and futures/options trading.
Generally trade in more predictable, heavily regulated markets.
No major players in crypto trading atm so room for growth, but hesitant due to major volatility.Vet.
day traders - The individuals who have been trading stocks/futures/options etc fro 10+ years.
They are numerous and have a lot of influence but also do not trust crypto as a viable investment.
I've heard a few of these guys describe cryptocurrencies as a "millennial scam".
High growth potential but will take a lot of convincing to convert to crypto trading.General Population - These are the regular people in the world who don't know a thing about crypto currencies.
Unlikely to invest in crypto but they're important for two reasons 1) they're the potential end users of crypto based products 2) they drive 'mind share' - If you ask one of these people to describe cryptocurrencies they'll likely say something like "Isn't that that 'Bitcoin' thing?".
These people have low investment potential but drive growth in different ways.
(1/2)
(2/2)So, here's why BTC is currently in a better position;1) Market cap - BTC has close to 10x times the market cap of BCH.
It would take a series of catastrophic events to deplete the BTC market cap, very unlikely anytime soon.2) PnD - In the regulated world of trading PnD tactics are highly illegal.
No brokerage in hell would ever in their right mind co-ordinate a PnD on the scale that we saw over the weekend.
This puts BCH in a very bad position because no brokers are going to want to associate with an entity that very openly and deliberately manipulated the market in the way that happened with BCH.
Investments from this point on are going to be very stifled for BCH.
Not to mention this hurts all other cryptos too because it proves that they're all susceptible to PnD tactics and who wants to invest in something that can be so easily manipulated, right?
brokers and day traders are not going to want to invest here.
Also very unsustainable.3) Mainstream investment - CME Group just recently announced that they're going to start trading Bitcoin Futures.
This is huge for BTC.
This completely validates BTC as a viable investment so will drive growth between brokers and vet.
day traders.4) Mind share - BTC owns this.
Any mainstream news outlet will mention BTC at least once when covering crypto currencies.
BCH usually doesn't get a mention and the average person probably couldn't tell you the difference between the two.My 2 cents; make of it what you will.tl:dr BCH shot itself in the foot with the PnD and BTC has too much market cap and outside investment to be toppled so easily.
4363647Listen to this man
Entered at 0.05, exited at 0.4Stay poor faggot
4363647Except normies don't make history, they always follow the movement.A guy dumping 25k BTC in one session could make history.
Not some normies buying 0.15 BTC each.You should read The Black Swan by Nassim Taleb.
I wasn't saying that normies are going to make or break BTC, they help drive growth and are just one of the reasons why BTC has the advantage over BCH.
If BCH want to really grow as a legitimate currency they need wider investment.
PnD won't grow BCH
Check out all the bch shills on twitter.
All literally third worlders.
I don't think btc will miss their $75 of life savings.
4363940I will check out the book though, looks interesting
He's a shill.
Ignore it.
Bitchcash is dead.
It has been neutered.
he could make bitcoin dip for x hours, then it'll recover, ver has not enough influence to put bitcoin down, not by dumping all his coins on finex anyway
bch is far from dead, he has won the first battle, cripple bitcoin network, and fud the shit out of bitcoin holders
Every time BCH pumps it undermines BTC's position as the king and convinces more people BCH is the closest chain to what was envisioned at the beginning of cryptos.Notice how BCH isn't back to its pre-pump level and BTC isn't back to its pre-dip level?Hammer hit after hammer hit, you'll get BCH high, and BTC down.BCH is the second coin to break 1k$.
I'm holding, because even if Bitcoin still goes up, BCH can also go to 6k$, or more.Also I believe in the flippening.
The Koreans pumped BCH to 2700 and the pump was cancelled because the server broke down.
The game can be replayed anytime.
You can also check out Antifragile, which I actually preferred, but Black Swan deals more with unlikely events, which is the most relevant in our discussion.
Another argument is that normies don't understand shit about cryptos, so whether the trendiest coin is BTC or BCH, they won't care much.At some point there can even be people that buy BCH that don't even know BTC and BCH forked at some point.Taleb deals with this topic, as he worked as a quant, he found out a trader made huge amounts of money investing in green wood without even knowing what it was.