All you cunts that FOMO'd into BCH deserve to lose money, you delayed BTC hitting $1m by 5-8 days.I hope you're happy, you deserve to lose money.
Yeah it also stalled the alt recovery.
Fuck everyone who bought into that pump, I have never been happier to see people being BTFO.
I'll buy some BCH when it hits that $300 floor again, this is bound to happen again.
Me too.
They will attack BTC again but BCH is going to go looow
No way this is going $300
Btc is shit right now.
Fees, tx times.
Everything is shit.
Id rather own bch.
Lol stay poor
Maybe not that low this time, but it'll bleed a lot.
BCH is completely dependent on these "flippening" scenarios.
I'm up 200k overnight still just from BCH
Thinking people will actually want BTC when it is a slow high transaction mess.
BTC is literally worse then the fucking banks right now.
LOL you had like 2 months to buy at the floor, and it was bloody hard for it to get there in the first place.Now BCH has got the attention of the entire crypto market and companies are going to start flipping over.
I would be surprised if it dips below $1000 tonight, after tonight the chain becomes a reliable and viable challenger to BTC like no other.
Additionally Ver didn't move 50k BTC to exchanges for the fun of it, he's swapping them for BCH and probably cashing out a bit too.
Hell I personally believe he's pumping the price of BTC up right now so he can sell off on a high.
it was bloody hard for it to get there in the first place.How so?
It bled out pretty easily.
It bled slowly but what really drove it down was the miners abusing the EDA.
That is getting fixed in like 7 hours from now.You'll notice that the miners are only accepting BCH for the products and services as well and let's be honest, a $10 fee to send $50 or whatever is simply unsustainable and unusable.
nobody cares about the tax fees of bitcoin because nobody uses it to send money anyway.
it's just a sharade.
bitcoin = eternal pump n dump of crypto
BTC mooned to ridiculous heights with $5 transaction fees, I don't see $10 making much of a difference, it might even give it even more of a "premium" edge.
The times of bitcoin being a form of payment are long gone, now it's just a speculative money dump for newfags.
Those newfags just buy it on coinbase or whatever and leave it there "to grow", they probably don't even know about wallets.
It's a total shitshow, but hey, if it makes me money, I don't complain.
Too dangerous for me desu, I bought all my BCH at $200 and some more at $300 because then as now I see it is safer.
I owned a few BTC and left the crypto in 2015, came back 6 months ago and tried to transact and was disgusted and angry to learn the fees were ridiculous ~$1 at the time and even the 1MB cap was still in place (which drove me to exit in the first place)BTC is going to go down the gurgler sooner or later.Watch this videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=922&v=UpskCdwc54o
WE ARE THE BITCOIN MARINES AND WE ARE NOT FUCKING SELLING.
thisand fuck those fomo retards that were spamming "BCH is the new BTC corecuks hurrr" that sprouted like mushrooms after a rain.
Seems they all committed suicide
imagine being this deluded
Paid shills bro.
You can get your own chink slave and make it shill your product for a month for 100$
Glad I hodled.
Just bought some more BTC this morning once it was clear this bullshit was over.
Still going up.
Feelsgoodman.
who still transfers using btc?
4337528I AM ANGRY
You use bitcoin like wire transfers and to store wealth right now.You don’t buy pizza with it.
seeing through the obvious FOMO and fudding is part of crypto trading
So what´s the point of BTC.
A store of value where the value comes from doing nothing with it.
Better off using every other alt or a bank
It’s transferable internationally.
In very, very large amount.
You don’t need a bank to achieve what only banks used to be able to do.
It’s like gold that moves more or less instantly.
A perfect role for an alt coin would be to act as the silver equivalent.
So long as tx fees are below 3% most merchants will eat the fee.I know that 10-20 fees scare people on this board but normal adults don’t care.It’s like how you use a credit card for all monthly expenses and then pay off with a single bank transfer.
BTC is a savings account that you convert to other currency to spend.
I have a lot of BTC that 20$-40$ fees are not a concern to me, but you must be blind to not see those fees are not for the average person
A minimum of 20$ in fees scare everyone away when there are other options that do the exact same but faster and for a few cents>store of value
whatever it is, it's unsustainable.
people that think this is going to grow forever are completely off the wall.
going from a million to a billion market cap is easy, going from 100 billion to one trillion is not.
u
I FOMO'd into BCH at $1200 and sold at $1800 ask me anything
Srsly, BTC has major issues right now.
unsustainablethis is literally a meme anon
Where did this twisted idea come from?
It was never supposed to be like what you describe, and the fees are bad because they are forced upon us when a simple fix like 2x would have gotten rid of it
Core Developers

Be careful with putting new money into Bcash.
By that I mean BTC or fiat.
Both have greater intrinsic value than Bcash.
Having read some of the crazy posting here, on reddit, and on some financial blogs, there seems to be a pattern emerging.
The most cult-like posters are all seemingly hipster blogger types who only put money into crypto in 2017.
They have learned enough to know they have missed the 1000% gains of early BTC and are trying to fabricate their own reality where they are the early adopters now.Speculate on prices with your airdrops.
Never invest more than you can afford to lose.
And understand that BCH will largely remain an interesting speculative sidechain for day traders, but is not a valuable long term hold.
Did it confirm already?
this was like 2 months ago, so yeah
Yeah, but why do the users not demand a short-term fix to 2MB blocks while they work on the off-chain solutions?
we dont call them corecucks for nothing
Core won´t allow that
The best option isn’t always adopted.
Things evolve.
Bitcoin had no practical use at its inception.
That means you wouln´t be able to do this transaction today because fees are above 10$.
>Store of value
People stoped using it because fees are too higth.
How do you want to get btc adopted now.
Tell you friends there is this internet thing that does nothing but for some reason it is a store of value
You don’t buy dinner with bullion.
the ratio would be the same tho, if i sent $20 it would be $10 fee
Roger Ver is a whaleMP + the rest of TMSR have over 1 million BTC (therefore over 1 million BCH) ready to kill any forks.Keep your BTC or lose your moon tickets, your choice.
Please end your life.
I like it because I can hold large sums, safely, without a bank.
Who is TMSR?
RogerVer.pdf
he thinks going from a million to a billion is easyAnon, think about what you're saying.
Growth definitely happens in spurts, 10 bn to 100 bn is easier than 100 bn to 1 tn, but think about what you're saying, 1mn to 1bn is 100,000% growth, it's absolutely insane.
Think of how rarely that actually happens, Apple went from 100bn to 800bn market cap in basically a decade, think of how rarely a company goes from 1 mn to 1 bn.
Tell me where the value of Bitcoin comes from?Because of the name?
Just answer that question
longest track record on a blockchain ever (no other altcoin can ever claim this)>best developers working there>biggest hashrate>biggest network effect>hardest to change (a fucking feature, not a bug)
Explain to me.
EXPLAIN TO ME.The other comments are total LIES.
Is it supposed to be unspent?
I don't even know how this damn coin gets the first place OR a value of $7.3k.Pepole think this post is worthless.
Go ahead, I don't care.
I'm just trying to make a POINT here.DUMP THIS PIECE OF CRAP.
t. bcash bagholde
My face when im holding bch from last night
you can buy stuff with dollarsthe value of bitcoin comes from being able to buy stuffdollars is just one of the things you can buy
What  said.
hurr durr how am i gonna pay rent with a minimum wage job
You think that's bad?
I got FOMO'd OUT of BCH.Sold my stack of 20 bitcoin cash at $350 a piece to buy LINK at it's ATH.
Missed out on over 20 grand.
I know Link will make me way more then that in the long run but it's still nerve wracking that I could've had so much money today already.
Yeah, the few whales pump the price and then they come back in to be dumped upon, cycle goes on and on while Jinhan and the company got back into mining real bitcoin and buying plane from the money the smart shillers gave to them.
Next time trust another scamer like Ver and make them richer
pls explain
Tfw bought in a 700bucks and still holding comfy.
Wish I sold off my profits though
implying BTC or BCC have any futureBoth bubbles are gonna burst once this hits the markethttps://chia.network/
P.S.the only reson im buying coinsis beacuasethe gains where pretty good.but thats it!