Hear me out biz.
I see Bitcoin being tamed by these fuckers, not dead, just not as volatile as it currently is.
This isnt like an ETF where they have to buy Bitcoin.
They're just betting on the price.
CME explicitly said they are trying to tame Bitcoin to be not as volatile.What happens during periods when Bitcoin isnt that volatile?
Thats right motherfucker everyone goes to alts.
I agree with this thesis.
when does it go on cme?
CME Futures = #AltsAreBack
That would be fucking great.I'm sick of BTC bullying alts.
But I guess that whales, miners &co. wouldn't like a stagnat BTC.
I just wrote this in another discussion minutes ago...Anonymous (ID: pNZHEVBG) 11/15/17(Wed)22:35:46 No.4383033▶
Are they only allowed to touch BTC with the ETF in december?
How would they tame Bitcoin?
It's likely going to 10k.
There is no ETF that has a chance of being approved in the short term.
Only the Bitcoin futures.
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-07/cme-unveils-bitcoin-futures-circuit-breakers
Yeah it will go to 10k most likely, but thats like what?
40% gain.
But if they do tame Bitcoin, dont expect it to reach 20k or more soon.
It wont jump by multiples like this year anymore.
Thats the entire reason people go into alts when bitcoin is stagnant.
Taming BTC would probably cause many of the large holders to shift to BCH (or some other fork) that isn't in that grasp of Wall Street.
Certain ALTs would see an increase, but most probably wouldn't, because most are useless shit.
Even then its suicide for the people trading the futures.
The only way they can get someone rational especially institutions to invest in that shit is to prevent wild swings in Bitcoin's price.
There is a real untold reason why Roger Ver sold all his BTC.
Bitcoin will be suppressed while Bitcoin Cash will be traded freely and surpass BTC.
jump to BCH instead of altsWrong, based on past performance you could see BCH as an inverse BTC.
It jumps in price when BTC is dumping.
Alts on the other hand become bulls when BTC is stagnant.
In an ideal world they'd jump to Monero.
Centralization doesn't really exist with coins that don't allow ASIC.
sold all his BTCthis is cuteyou think he only has 25k BTC?
This is only true if you define "short term" as "next month.
"The SEC's stated reservations for ETF approval related to fork uncertainty (mostly dispelled now that S2X and BCH have been BTFO) and the lack of futures/options markets.
Also note that the new head of ETF product regulation at the SEC is literally the lawyer who worked for the Winklevii on their ETF application.
4383412>roger sold all his BTCYou unironically believe this, wow