I fucked up hardLost about 300k$ worth in cryptoHOW THE FUCK DO I CONTINUE LIVING WITH MYSELF FROM THIS POINT?
y/o>literally 0 networth now>NEET
How?
how?
big if true
How?
Sent coins to the wrong address?
Accidentally set a paper wallet on fire?
Accidentally blew up hard drive?
Accidentally post private key online?Purposefully did these things?I'm curious
LARPyou wouldnt have the balls to post this on 4chan fucking show proof so we can donate
Go over to that thread and use the last of your stack to get the rest of us biz bros some free xrb before you end it all
Same, except i lost 4.6k not 300.
What happened?Please share so us worthless shits feel better about our lives
1B7LtPsNvrL7iBqHtdtxzL4guJ9ndXkajaPlease I only have .1 bitcoin.
Help me bros I would help you :(
its fucking larp, its always larp
No you wouldn'tLarp
.1 Bitcoin is more than a lot of people on this board
Sorry about your loss, OP.
Here's what you do now.
>buy 1 BTC>hodl for 5 years>????
?>profit
Pls senpai I will cry
427821042782344278297>bye mom see you later>*phone rings*>anon, the neighbors called and said water is coming down from our floor>oh shit>run home>the shower's pipeline exploded >laptop with all wallets is on the sofa which is wet as fuck>laptop dead>notebook with PK's and adresses is wet, impossible to recoverwhat now?
should I just kill myself?
1 post by this id
NICE LARP
Mail me the notebook, I bet I can recover it.
>not having 13 backups all in different places andset up in such ways that only you can gain access to itLmao retard
Post photo of the laptop
Take out the hard drive and connect it to another computer.
Maybe it was sealed good enough that water didn't enter it.
If not use a data recovery service.
42783074278234not LARPingneed advice before I neck myselfmom still doesnt know, she knew I owned bitcoin and I said im a professional day trader and it was my excuse to NEETingHELPPPPPPalready tried, its dead as fucksoon
Pics or didn’t happen.
If you had 300K and no wallet backups, then it's really sad that only the laptop and not you too, died.
4278420YE I know thats why I said I fucked upgod dam
Water damage doesn't erase a hard disk, dumbass.
Even if it's slightly corrupted, the likelihood the wallets are recoverable is high.
Send it to me, I'll send back half if I fix it.
Or kill yourself, either way.
Don't neck it yet friend.
Hit up some professional data recovery bros. Don't mention your fucking bitcoin.
I'm not fucking Bill Nye the science guy but I bet your hard drive is still readable.
I owned btc bch XMRk iota ltc ETH4278516its dead 100% , probably short circuitits fucked fried
I/m worth 1/10th of that but I'm backing all my shit up nowCant say I was dumb enuff' to not put my private keys on some kind of external source
And if you do recover, report back.
Otherwise we'll assume you're dead or larping which are basically the same.
where is your private key?
or your 12 word seed?
on a fried laptop and a wet notebookboth unrecoverable
Short circuit doesnt completely destroy a hard drive dude wtf
Just because your computers can't read it doesn't mean the data is gone.
But if you're not interested in pursuing professional solutions, you're definitely larping so fuck off.
do you even know what a private key is?
did you never backup your wallet?
This is some bullshit Biz posting right here.
How do you not back up 300k?
Hah, fucking idiotThe moment you exceed 1000% your initial investment over 100$ you need to start taking shit seriously and making backups, securing all your credentials and making sure shit like this won't faze you
You're a retard for not having backups.
How the fuck did you end up with 300k?
OP if you're not LARPing then:1.
Don't try turning the laptop on until you know it's 100% dried off2.
If the laptop is really dead, take it out and read it with another computer.3.
If that doesn't work and it's truely dead, don't fuck with it, you can send it to services that recover the data by opening it and reading the platters.
This is fairly expensive but it's worth 300k
*take the HDD out, that is
mate those cunts will the first to swipe your crypto, if you think they don't know about crypto you're a retard.Gotta watch them very closely if you want them to recover the data, which you should do.