Guys Im kinda losing faith here.Put a bunch of money into bitcoin in may and kept buying.
Made some decent gains but nowhere near retirement levels.Now the more I hear about (((blockstream))) and all that shit the more I lose faith in the whole thing.
Plus I missed out on the shitcoin boom, ICO goldrush and all that nonsense.
Could be sitting on six figures but instead its measly five figures.
And lets face it, we need MILLIONS to really retire in this jewed out world.If you had put five figs into BTC when it was a couple of hundred bucks youd be sitting at a million dorrar now.
But I cant help feeling that I missed the boat and will never make it.Am I gonna make it?Im so sick and tired of being a wageslave.
Please hold me biz and tell me we can still make it.
Stfu and go research u fucking self pitty fag
The ChainLink spaceship is still on hold, waiting to take astronauts to the heavens.
You didn't miss the boat yet... unless you choose to.
thats the point thoughthere are a gazillion shitcoins now and 99% of them are worthless junkit was easy when there was just ETH, BTC and maybe dogefuck I had people shill me ETH when it was under $10 bucks but didnt listenI cant hold all these feels anon its too much
You WILL make it, anon.Everyone on this board, everyone reading this post, every single one of us /biz/ autists living a life of struggle is going to fucking make it.
Failure is absolutely not an option.
There is no plan B.
If you hold $1,000, minimum, in any top 30 coin, you will make it.
Just be patient and keep your head up.
OP, you realize that you're part of the group of suckers that lose money trading right?
That mindset makes you EXTREMELY likely to FOMO when a coin blasts off only to get burned when it falls back down
I-I-I hope so anon but BTC would have to go to a million bucks for me to retire.
Im really losing faith in that happening.chainlinklol anon plz
u can still make the boat anon if you buy nuls right now on binance
But SUB for 10x by the end of Janyw
Unless you didn't buy the most garbage shitcoins, 2018 will be a good year.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hJjMb4N7nw
I feel like its game over boysive been studying trading for a long time now and i havent come up with a system that can help me escape of wagecuckery.
im not even chasing millions.
I just want to wake up and be a trader, instead of a wagecuck.im losing hope real quick.
what are we gonna do once crypto inevitably fails us anon?are we gonna lay down and cry like cucks?or are we gonna make our pain heard?I wanna see full blown chimpouts!
4chan autists burning down entire neighbourhoods
how trustworthy is that channel?
You'd be stupid to think that you're out of options if even if cryptocurrency fails.
There will always be a need for a currency not regulated by governments, were crypto to fail it would be because of something better taking its place - so you would move on to that instead.
And there's always the regular stock market, I'm sure the skills you've picked up from cryptotrading will help you there.
BCH is you second chance you fucking retard.
It's right in front of you.
It's an easy 10x in the short term, and who knows how much it will rise long term.
Don't listen to the dragons den shills.
there's always the regular stock marketthats really cruel anonto kick a man when hes lying down
Crashing the whole cryptomarket wouldn't happen overnight, so long as you keep yourself updated you would have time to pull out.
Meant to reply
Nobody is talking about the whole cryptomarket you deluded corecuck, only btc.
NokiaWhat did he mean by this?
can anyone catch the cellphone king?
dont loose faith dickface!
BTC will crash horribly in the near future but u gotta HODL and not be stupid FAGGOT and panic sell when that happens.
Instead you buy more!
after that crash BTC wil MOON TO THE MARS FUCKING SHITPISS FAGGOT ASS EATING TROMPED FUCKER!
i just cant take this shit anymoreIm about to cash out my measly 200% gains, buy a golden gun and off myselfWE FINNE BE POORFAGS MY NIGGAS
Man are you real?You're sat there, right now, masturbating to traps in one fucking window and complaining about 200% in another window?Can you honestly tell me in what universe making 200% is a bad fucking day?
You didn't have this money a few weeks ago.
It's free.
Someone has just taken your money, doubled it and returned it to you and you're sat there complaining about it while your dick goes floppy from overmasturbating.Just keep going you fucking retard.
Do the 200% over and over again.
Dude just suggesting, hope you make it but if don't maybe consider going to somewhere with lower standards.
I live in a pretty decent shithole where you can be a Chad with 40k per year.
So if you are on suicide watch, consider that option.
You already made it with that 5 figures if you decide to go anywhere else instead of kys
You are a fucking little bitch.
I agree with you, but please 0,0001 I wanna start operating with something but i got 036DtXvfndEnMYgw9xEDzJgXojA6mCbMicWOr someone please and thanks in advance