Why haven't you put your life savings in BTC yet you poor fags, I did it and look at where I am now.
Brap.
Post more photos
use a condom anon, her ass looks like its infected
way ahead of you but thanks anon
braaaaaappp
nice overly long hair probably a renn faire type of gal
girlfriend or escort?looking to get an escort with my new riches
fwb
Is OP black?
lol... her choice, right?don't worry OP.
Just one more 10x and she'll stop fucking other guys.
You can do it.
Nah didn't took a shower making all thoses gains consume time

Only put in what you can risk to lose tomorrow.If you want a safe investment then look for coins with an actual product out and a team that can deliver their road map.
yes
But the ass.
LOL I have other whores bro it's fine
I'm sure they see you the same way, man.Spell it out now.C
There is no need to player hate this hard
niggerHow much was your life savings?
$150 and a bucket of KFC?
Yeah but no amount of BTC can un-nigger you, sorry OP.
OP, YOU BETTER HAVE DONE AT LEAST 20 REPS OF KEGELS OR YOU'RE NOT BEASTIN AS YOU SHOULD.
I DON'T WANNA HEAR I'LL GET TO IT LATER.
DO IT NOW.
This guy is jealous, OP.
Another pic or it didn't happen.
>money still can't buy white geneticsHAHAHAHAHAHA BTFO MONKEY
more picture please
U
Because bitcoin is being artificially inflated by bitfinex using fake dollars and wash trading.It's unlikely that this will continue like this - government regulation next year will be tighter.It's super risky buy at 8K.
Good shit OP, pound that white pussy and celebrate the good decisions that you've made.
I wish you luck in the future, also more pics of dat ass.
you seem angry poor man :(
I can tell
I'll record a video for you when she wakes up
no it was about 200K I put it into BTC at 700$ :)
True
FUD will kill you
I'd rather put my money into a top 20 crypto coin index fund than in Bitcoin.
Instead of playing which Bitcoin will win, I'll just take them all!
Amateurs don't know how to invest.
What race are you OP
Thread will probably die by then.
nigger/slav nigger
Juicy Ass, she mexican?
buy $zrx $strat $eos and hodl
yeah half i believe she looks white
pls more pics sir
this is the worst larp thread ive ever seen
we need more photos the chick
she seem like a transvestite to me
show us dem titties boyo
Cuz I put it into BCH instead haha
>ass pimplespleb af
i don't get it, what's that symbol on the paper for?
Why is there a Tesla logo on her back?
Is this the new Roadster?Also, enjoy spending 20x as much for her by spending your gains early.
I could get this for $180/hour.
you are coming off a little S A L T Y
I have always been curious about prostitutes.
Could you get pic related for that price in America?
insecure cuck posts an ass he gets the privelage to put his dick in on /biz/god damn my nigga theres more to life than a floppy ass pussy hole
4423677op is a lying ass motherfucking, he just stole this image from r/bitcoin kek.
Retards don't know how to reverse search.
for real thank you for posting these
i lost like 2k on that piece of junk
fucking larpers.What's the fucking point OP
wherehow