For real guys.
I brought a stack the other night and feel like im getting just'ed right now.
This is true guys?
Or is it just anothet anon shilling me shit to lose my gains
I want to believe it will go up ×4 but its kinda hard to
???
Biz i need help on this one please.
Nobody got news on this please
Shit probably isn't going anywhere, g
I had the chance to sell this shit for +50% but got greedy same as I did with HST.
If I get another chance to sell without loss I'll fucking take it.
So that anon who told me this fucked me over.
Reckons by Saturday its going up ×3-×7 but just cant believe such a shittycoin will
Nobody can say for certain but you're on biz, you were probably tricked.
I'm not necessarily saying sell but definitely don't get your hopes up for 3-7x
Fuck this.
Im pulling out of this crypto shit.
It would probably be for the best, yes.
I have been on 4chan for a few year now.
Not on this board, im a newfag to this board.
But in that whole time i have never meet a bunch of faggots who make me wanna go to reddit instead of being here, i have never used reddit but maybe its better for this crypto info then this fucking place.
Fucking teenfaggot thinking its funny making people invest in shit
Should i just sit and wait guys
OP if you this is legitimate, then yes you got fucked./biz/ is great for putting coins on your radar but never buy into pumps, ever.
You will get JUST'd 100%.
Pro tip- if you see a shill post, check CMC and if its already +5%, then you are too late.Also if you decide to go on the short term, sell at the top.
Set a price for yourself, dont try to time the actual top.If you think evrything is just going to x2-x20 because some anon said so, you are going to lose all your money.1 week ago I made money on HST, ARN and EPY.
Why?
Cause anon shilled them before any pump, and you bet your ass I sold each one at x2.
Incremental gain is the goal, not one big explosion (you can get lucky thought)
It should go back up.
It is waving.
6200 sell to be sure.
Where do you think it will get to.
6200 is what in real money.
Like i said im new to crypto
????
Dude i hope you are LARPing.Seeing this thread makes me sad.That guy probably meant 62 cents (usd) meaning double what it is now (ATH is 72 i think)Also in a low comment thread like this, nobody is seeing it unless they alt tab it, like I did because i want you to find peace lol
Oh you mean real money ?
na your not going to get any of that.
I meant 6200 satoshis or 0.006200 or whatever Bitcoins.
I would guess 30p or whats that like 38cents?
Thanks manKekIll just hold the shit hoping it goes back up to 62c.
I fucking knew i was being fucked, even said it.
Lucky i didnt put to much into it