For the fags that didn't listen last week about Zcoin I told ya so.
To you fags that missed the it here it is again.Zcoin launch one year ago and is currently a top 100 coins and won Binance community coin of the month.
It is a privacy coin complementing top privacy coins such as Monero, Dash, and Zcash.
It is based on the Zerocoin paper which is differentiated from CoinJoin, Ring signatures and ZeroCash.
Important to note that Zerocoin and zerocash both use zero knowledge proofs, share common authors, but different cryptology and developers.
Zcoin burns a coin and all its related history and allows you to spend a new coin with no trace of history and supply is auditable.
Real privacy non-shitcoin, no premine, no ico, no airdrop bullshit.
who gives a fuck?
Znodes is being introduced in 2 weeks and when it was announced the price jumped up 30% and have stayed extremely stable for 4 days and counting, while asks volume completely evaporated.
Reddit post reporting this news was heavily downvoted with no comments, because smart money was accumulating the necessary 1000 coins to run a node.
The nodes will get a whopping 25 - 45% ROI for holding a 80Mcap coin with crazy up-side.
Literal silence everywhere, bitcointalk is crickets because when you have a true gem you don’t fucking talk about until you finish hoarding.So why tell me this now?
Because I’m maxed out and I don’t care if people fomo anymore.Exactly 9 months ago a Dash masternode costs exactly what a zcoin masternode does now.
In fact Dash’s marketcap was double zcoin’s present market cap.
Currently 1 Dash node makes $3,200 a month and is worth $422,000.
You browse these boards all day because you want crypto to change your fucking life, well here it is, you are very fucking welcome.
The income from just 1 node alone will give you what a wagecuck makes working for a year.
You are doing this for money right?
Or just keep daytrading your shitcoins on Etherdelta/Bittrex and stay poor.
Monero > fake privacy coin
Hmm
I got Monero too.
Blind loyalty gets you nowhere.
Dash is 50x for tall the Dash haters.
Why do you hate money?
Stay poor.
I listened to you anon except you leaves out when I was asking you questions about it.
Anyway, found this Pic related of coins Roger Ver diversified into last year... only one that hasn’t mooned is ZCoin
YESSSSSSSSSSScan we break 0.004 boys?
zcoin the best privacy coin out there.
ZCoin seems like a solid coin, strong tech and low price.Monero seems good too but high price right now, I'm waiting for a dip.
ZCash/ZClassic/ZenCash are all shitcoins, ZCash will fall for sure.
Completely impractical, massively overvalued.Privacy is going to be big in 2018, even bitcoiners are talking about confidential transactions.
Security is going to be big too, all these bugs in Ethereum are costing a shitton.
Well over $1billion in 2017 so far.
I thought Tezos could be good but their ICO was too big, they're literally pushing vaporware and the team is a total shitshow right now.
They have $240m and aren't doing any development, and still managed to fuck up.
I'm interested to see where Zen Protocol goes, but I'd rather wait and see than get in now because of FOMO.
they will dump hard on us at 0.004 wont they?
I was right
Damn sure I'm buying a pullback
So when does this get listed on Binance?
OP I did some research and found this comparison.
Is this an Asian coin?
Lol.
My understanding is that ZCoin is based on ZeroCoin protocol but Dash is more about mixing and shuffling.
If so then that would mean ZCoin PrivCy far exceeds Dash.My other question is about merkle tree proofs.
In my research this is the first coin that might be able to implement this, but I still am not clear as to what MTP really does
mtp = no more botnets mining
could someone please spoonfeed me how masternodes generate income?
trusted set-up backdoored piece of shit coin.
you have to be a mental degenerate like eth or onecoin supporter to buy zcash or zerocoin
MTP is supposed to be Memory intensive.
RAM is already optimized therefore no ASIC.
Rich still get richer though - But not like ASIC mining conglomerate, understand?
Fake.You mean RSA 2048 factoring challenge?
That is pretty solid you got other problems if you don't trust.
Also Zcoin supply is auditable you dumb fag.
ZCash has trusted set up and is a shitcoin pump for the founders, ZCoin is not trusted setup, actual technical innovations... >you have to be a mental degenerate like eth or onecoin supporter to buy zcash or zerocoinyou have to be an ethtard or somehow be even dumber to hold zcash, but zerocoin is solid, low price right now, has room to grow, and good reasons to increase in value.
I still do not quite understand Merkle Tree Proofs.
Will any other coin have MTP?
My research shows this will be the firstFurthermore, this graphic is nice
Thanks OP looks like a really solid coin.
Only Roger Ver coin that has yet to moon.
Looks like it’s starting
It is trusted set-up you moron.
They fucking said it themselves - it's not a secret https://twitter.com/zcoinofficial/status/931851732354711552It's from some rsa factor challenge which had monetary prices, likely created by people who kept the solutions for the rsa challenge.trusted setup is a backdoor.all zcoin and zcash rely on it, just different cryptography.monero is the only trustless private coin with perfect privacy without needing backdoor setup.
"The RSA numbers were generated on a computer with no network connection of any kind.
The computer's hard drive was subsequently destroyed so that no record would exist, anywhere, of the solution to the factoring challenge."
sure
I love Monero and ZCoin both.
No reason at all both can’t be successful.
Tbh I think of ZCoin as Monero’s litecoin, as it does do a many things better.
Especially when the Merkle Tree Proofs are implemented
Fuck's sake why didn't buy a month ago when I was checking this coin out.
bump
You don't trust the devs, its the RSA-2048 parameters you are trusting.
If you believe that is compromised, don't you have bigger problems?
ZCoin is actually one of those that won't have the trustless setup anon.
DYOR
ok we are pushing that 0.004 againcan we do it this time or whales will dump again?
HOW MUCH FOR A MASTERNODE
1k for znode
SHIT ITS MOONING
it's going down, lel
looks way up on my screen.
luckily only 25%.
once the znodes come eeryone is gonna have their coins locked up and no one will sell