REQ starting to pump, what's your excuse for not buying in cucks?
I buyed in 10 days ago and am about 20% down, but am hoping for moon mission nonetheless.
>bought in at .055 and .057
bought in at ICO
> bought first-day trading on ED for .00022
Next PayPalNext omg;)
I feel you.
Patience.
Bought in at ICO not knowing about the presale cuckery going on, but if you believe in what you are hodling then just keep on keeping on friends.
They're not looking to compete with OMG, they even say so themselves on their blog.
Yeah.
But be honest what else should you write?
[Hey we are several months late to the party but we are trying to compete with OMG] In the end the will fight for some identical market sharesI am not saying there wouldn't be enough for two
Correct.
They are definitely in the same market as OMG, offering similar solutions, but they are much more polished and professional, vs. skateboards, stickers and poorly developed virgins.
You can argue about their marketing strategy, but why blame sth that works?
Crypto is a world full of hype and speculation.
People love it, people Invest in it.
And they have multiple partnerships worth many millions, so sth has to be right.
If you honestly think fucking REQ is a better network than OMG you deserve to get pink wojak'd
Right now, OMG is way more developed.
BUT, Request has WAY more chance to 5x, or even 10x before OMG goes 2x.
Request is seriously undervalued (considering the other cryptos with m cap).
Also, it's due for a big pump.
The fact that neither network exists right now for anyone to evaluate, makes your strong assessment look like a shart, at a local Walmart.But I know that both teams are currently at the same stage (that is, they have nothing) except one is valued at 800 MILLION dollars, and the other - 30, and appears to be working faster.Guess where my money is going?
Stay poor moron.I suppose if you knew absolutely nothing about crypto, about coding, or about networking, you could realistically just see "two equal decentralized payment apps that are indistinguishable and one is undervalued"That's is you kill all context whatsoever and don't care about anything.If you DO understand why details actually fucking matter, that might help explain why one network is valued at 800m and the other at 30mIt COULD be because one network has the technology, the partnerships, the real company behind it with a great head start, and is literally being developed by the fucking Ethereum team, and the other is a fucking website and a promise.THAT could explain the difference in valuation, maybe.Or just waste your money, I don't give a fuck
How would you even know?
Neither has a fucking network running.
It's dumping.
Aaaaaaaargh
OMG is over hyped to hell and back.
It does not deserve the price it has now.
Except it's been a year and they can't even launch their own network or wallet, and implement staking that they said would be here in October.And Vitalik has distanced himself from OMG very much when the autistic pedo fuck realized how they were using him to generate hype and pump the shit out of their coin.
(which is all they can actually do)
You are kinda right that Omnise is the enigne behind everything and the partnerships are more focus on Omnise itself than the OMG tokens.
The future is very uncertain for OMG, but nothing justifys this market cap right now.Neither has REQ the right to get that market cap, but with the right marketing, partnerships and a working Test Net, Main Net, REQ can growth for sure.But everything is a big speculation right now.
Either it works out or not.
Gl for whatever you decide.
Valuations in crypto are grounded in nothing but hype.
Not even Bitcoin can justify it's current valuation, the market is strictly irrational and not attached to any sort of revenue models or fundamentals analysis.So you trying to use the "market" to justify an 800 million valuation on something which has no product, not even a vague promise of revenue, questionable ethics (marketing gimmicks not even suitable for late-night infomercials) and partnerships with the powerful McDonald's franchise in Cambodia, which consists of 12-restaurants, makes you look like a raving lunatic.I need disclosure, what are your OMG holdings?
No one but a mendacious bagholder could be this delusional.REQ is a leaner, smarter, more polished team with actual business acumen.
They are coming, and they will take your LUNCH Thai ladyboys.
Request Network is working with ING as well and they too started with a real, working company (Moneytis).
The people working there have worked together for years.
And they just started, or course they won't have a ton of partnerships.Also, REQ started off in altcoin and ico bear market.
A big reason why it is valued so low is the market it started in.
An official ING partnership would alone skyrocket REQ, but i guess they will wait with official partnerships with a working Main Net.
Comfy 2018 future for sure
implying a partnership would do anythingif anything it'd make the price go downcrypto market is fucking stupid
4447428I can't describe how comfy a hold this is.
Can you back this assumption?
Official partnerships always lead into a pump and furthermore into a dump, but overall a nice price increase.
partnership announced>moon imminent>NO LOL BITCOIN HAS JUST RANDOMLY DECIDED TO GO UP GET FUCKED
There's a lot bigger players involved now which try to bet against various announcements.
But a strong of good developments leading to a working product, an exchange listing like GDAX etc.
will give us solid growth in 2018.I honestly want them to develop a product that can take market share from PayPal, because as an eBay seller, I'm sick of getting sodomized.
This desu Why can't BTC just fucking die already so the actually good alts can moon
FREE FALLINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
?
it's dumping already aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa sell your shitcoins now good sirs please save your money or regret forever sir