You can't explain this
OUR AUTISTIC FUD CAMPAIGN DIDNT WORK REE
because everyone loves it senpai
Are you from reddit faggot?
Everyone here hates it
INSHALLAH
I'm not invested in this but I can see that in a year or so it will have some good tech behind it.
Very early days but interested in the project.
Allah Akbar
When will people learn that IOTA is a pile of shit with sprinkles of good marketing on top.
(Dev username: /u/meor -sort by controversial)
stupid kids whining because they cant understand IOTA ... im so happy to see you morons poors!
;)
good sentence pajeet
I fell for a glorified sales pitch
money from this bull run is slowly moving into altsseems like the normies did their research
understand iota when all they release is vague marketing shit saying nothing about how it works, only what it supposedly does
Don't accept feeless transactions>Good Devs, working 24/7, having good connections to its community.
Keeps updating them in announcement channels and answering questions in general.>Never really "mooned", yet on #11 on CMC>Devs concentrating on development, not on Marketing currently.
Finishing the product before marketing it.This is the worst coin i've ever seen
they have NO marketing?
so why you guys talk about marketing ... they dont care about marketing ...they dont care about wallets?!
they just care about adoption!they just opened their 2. office in chicago together with bosch ... look at the money and the peoplehttps://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Bosch_GmbHIOTA is open source ... just read the whitepaper stupid boy!IOTA nr 2 CMC end of 2018 ... lets talk then gayboys!
;)
Open source>Centralized coordinator private
thats just a lie, nothing else ... yes there is a coordinator because the tech is in development ... nothing unnormal!
... but its not centralized ... stupid kid!
do your research
Nobody of importance can sell their iotas.20 000 iota adresses seized by Coordinator.Cant sell cant dump.
and you hope the stupid kids in here believe your FUD??
;) ... maybe its just because your too dump for this planet ... 20000 people buy and sell their iotas every day ... your the only one ;)
>This has a name and branding equal to if not better than Ethereum>Has a similar level of interest from multi nationals>Has a great "narrative" that normies can easily understand/explain to their friends I'm surprised its not 10-20 billion marketcap already
113 GI here.
my body is ready.
lol really?
bad marketing good tech
jesus im an iota supporter but fuck off you retarded ass cunt pajeet
This
all the more reason to buy it