http://dcg.co/who-we-are/#board-members1.
Glenn Hutchins: Former Advisor to President Clinton.
Hutchins sits on the board of The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, where he was reelected as a Class B director for a three-year term ending December 31, 2018.
Vice-Chairman of Brookings Institue.
On advisory board with Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson.2.
Barry Silbert: CEO of Digital Currency Group, (funded by Mastercard) who is also an Ex investment Banker at Houlihan Lokey.
This is the guy who thought SW2x was a good idea.3.
Lawrence H. Summers: "Board Advisor" "Chief Economist at the World Bank from 1991 to 1993.
In 1993, Summers was appointed Undersecretary for International Affairs of the United States Department of the Treasury under the Clinton Administration.
In 1995, he was promoted to Deputy Secretary of the Treasury under his long-time political mentor Robert Rubin.
In 1999, he succeeded Rubin as Secretary of the Treasury.
While working for the Clinton administration Summers played a leading role in the American response to the 1994 economic crisis in Mexico, the 1997 Asian financial crisis, and the Russian financial crisis.
He was also influential in the American advised privatization of the economies of the post-Soviet states, and in the deregulation of the U.S financial system, including the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Summers4.
Blythe Masters: "Former executive at JPMorgan Chase.
[1] She is currently the CEO of Digital Asset Holdings,[2] a financial technology firm developing distributed ledger technology for wholesale financial services.
[3] Masters is widely credited as the creator of the credit default swap as a financial instrument.
She is also Chairman of the Governing Board of the Linux Foundation’s open source Hyperledger Project, member of the International Advisory Board of Santander Group, and Advisory Board Member of the US Chamber of Digital Commerce."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blythe_Masters
Yes.
the answer is 5, right?
Everyone knows this.
Adam Back also has literally 0 git commits and hes a guest of honor at all Bilderberg meetings.
Fuck (((blockstream)))
yup
4426567Fucking high IQers
Explain to A brainlet
good thing blockstream literally can't force anybody to install their client, unlike miners which have a centralized monopoly on hashrate thanks to free chinese electricity
there are 3 "symbol groups": shape with filled in rectangle, shape with striped rectangle and shape without fill.every symbol group moves 1 to the right after every row.
(if shape was all the way to the right it starts again at the left position on the next row.
)the shapes of the symbols are generally squares.
however from down left to up right the shapes change to triangles.there are 3 "states" of the rectangle shape in the middle of the symbols: horizontal, vertical, diagonal.we are looking for the next piece of the "shape with filled in rectangle".
the triangle already occured, so it's got to be a square.
the only position state of the rectangle shape left is the diagonal position one, hence number 5 being the correct answer.there is more to this picture but this would be one possible solution to the problem
the answer is you have better things to do with your timet.
lateral thinking 1000000 iq
Every line has 1 of each - filled, stripped, empty rectanglesThe last line is mising the full one so it is 3 or 5None of the previous lines changed the direction of the rectangle so it must be 5 becase three is vertical while 5 is tilted, just like the empty and striped rectangles in the last line
JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU BCH BAGHOLDING KEKS BITCOIN CASH SHIT COIN IS NOT GOING ANYWHERE YOUR JUST LOSING MONEY NOT TRANSFERING THIS TO SOME OTHER COIN LIKE LTC OR MONERO YOU FAGGOTS
yeah
People are not reading anon's question since they are answering the question posed in the picture anon.
Albeit a better question would have been Monty Python or the two silver balls one golden ball or the 1.10$ ball and club question