Disclaimer: I have no bags, I bought at 3500 stats before the token burn pump.
Its volume will most likely pick up in Dec according to the roadmap so just giving you guys a heads-up because '/biz/ has been good to me', lmao.
Getting justed sucks, buy and hold this for 3-6 months.OK, So.
I think I have found a little gem of a token to buy (possibly wait for 3000-4000 stats).
It has just come off a pump after they burned some tokens a few weeks ago so ignore that spike.
Volume is low but as we saw with the dump, will improve.
The team seems very competent and has regular updates on their twitter page.
https://twitter.com/ALIS_media 8000 followers, very active.They have just come out with a working alpha of their APP.They have just burned some tokens making the circulating supply 38,538,648 ALIS @$0.379914 with the total supply at 75,209,200 ALIS.Its current Market cap is $14,641,372 Ranking it at 216.
This is comparable to STEEM who is currently ranked at 31 with a circulating supply of 246,747,459 STEEM @$0.913611.As this is designed for the Japanese market I would not expect it to gain such a high ranking but top 100 is more than possible, top 50 possibly if they break into the Chinese and other EA markets market.
Even if they don't do this Japan is very bullish for Crypto in general and has a problem with fake news like everywhere else.
This social media company will help solve some of that problem.Anyway, I think I have found something with a lot of potential.
Here are a few links to more info so you can DYOR.https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2102935.0 (This is from the ICO but towards the end you get more current info on ALIS).https://trello.com/b/XH5jh4DT/alis-public-roadmaphttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alis/https://alismedia.jp/STEEM who the team says inspired them but who they believe they have improved on for the Jap market.https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steem/
>EA markets marketI need to learn to type... Let's hope I am better at picking Cryptos!
dude this dumped so hard recently lmao.hope you're a pump and dump shiller giving us actual tips because none of us care about the actual coin.
It dumped because people bought into the token burn.
It will probably go up again mid Dec.
I am not shilling for a P&D no.
This isn't for day trading.
>bought at 57 centsOh well.
It was only 57 bucks when I got it since m funds were in other coins.
Day trading no, swing trading yes.
but I'm pissed I didn't get in earlier because this coin is fucking trendy that it's excellent for applying TA.
Ouch, did you buy at the top of the recent P&D from the token burn or something?I can see it dropping to 25-30c again before it goes up unless it holds where it is now.
It will make it back up 57c and beyond eventually.
I am pretty confident of that.
It may take months though.
I think this will be a $3-4 token in the future, maybe 6 months.
It's worth throwing some spare change at for the potential.
It may fail but it's looking good so far.Thew only thing that worries me is the Lawyer being part of the team.
That may be more common in Japan though.
I worked in sales years back and one company had 6 people in it and one of them was a lawyer.
It was pretty dodgy.
This seems legit though after reading through everything.
Worth a gamble on imo.
Ouch, did you buy at the top of the recent P&D from the token burn or something?Pretty muchSomeone was shilling it here probably because they knew they could get a bloke like me to buy when it was highRead the white paper and look up the staff, what they were doing on social media and progress and went in without the knowledge of the token burn
yeah, I've been swinging it a bit.
Some of the 6500 bag holders dump occasionally.
Lesson learned I hope.
I've tried to be honest with this one.
It might even go under 3000 stats but hopefully not and eventually it will climb again.
You might want to think about selling your bags and trying to rebuy at a lower price.
There are fairly constant up and downswings on it and its low enough volume that is won't randomly dump or moon, you just have to set it and forget it.
you will at least end up with more ALIS than you have now as long as you make some good trades on the way down.
There is that risk that it might go up again though and you lose even more.
Gambling is shit sometimes.
Sorry you got justed.
They came out with the demo of their app on the twitter today so that might help.>Still, it could be worse.
Pic related.
Oh yeah, and they were looking to add it to exchanges.
If they still are and it hits Binance or Bittrex then the price could skyrocket.
It is only really on Cryptopia right now.
The sky is really the limit with this one.
The team might think those exchanges are too shady which I guess is a good sign the team is confident and professional.
Who knows.
Binance is a botted mess and Bittrex is... well, Tethered.
Hopefully they can add Alis on a japanese exchange, then it will definitely moon.
Yes!
That would be amazing.
For now, you seem to be able to buy and sell fairly regularly as it drops to make some more tokens.
I've just been setting a buy/sell in the morning and the opposite at night.
I have held off a bit lately because it is nearing where it was at before the token burn pump.
Although it was going down a bit before that too so I might jump back on again soon.