What do you plan to buy yourself when you make your first million, anon?
more bitcoins
Diversify
LINK
a wife
an education
my plan is to use my wealth to help the jews bring more multiculturalism and diversity to americahttps://discord.gg/gh8kQB
hookers, blow, a nice carinvestment propertiesa new computerin that order
financial independence/freedomaka 80% of it into VTSAX and live off comfy +10% gains ($80,000/yr in passive income)
a zillion chainlink
Sure, I get that, but do you not have a stepping stone reward system for yourself?
Mine's 100k, 500k, 1mil, 1.5 mil etc.
Just something to keep you focused when everything is taKING A FUCKING NOSE DIVE AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I will pile up gold coins so high I could literally swim through them.
Resume living like I lived when I was 20.>pool parties at college apartments>banging college sluts>smoking cigsBut I'll also >own a jetski>Own gym equipment >take more supplements.
Vertcoins
How go from $200k to 1 million by end 2017?
these threads are really not good.
fantasizing about having wealth is not healthy and it's for unambitious poor people who will never be wealthy.
sort it out.
Nothing.
I will use my million to generate more millions and live sparingly.
nigger maids, then fill them with my potent white seed
A nice comfy place in the mountains of Switzerland.
Close enough to a city but still cozy up in the snow.
I'm going to live there with a dog and a girl, if I manage to find one.
Nice cabin with a fireplace, a big library of many comfy books, a guitar.
Maybe a nice TV screen and a HDD with cool movies and TV shows.
During the day I'd take walks around the mountain with my dog, workout Rocky style, camp out, stargaze.
During the night I'd make myself a nice cup of tea and read til I fall asleep.
The leftover money would be in some reliable Swiss ETF, giving me enough yearly income to never worry about money again.
I wouldnt even need a big ass house, just something with a basement big enough for a decent home theater, gym, and laundryAnd a pool in the backyard.
Rest into passive income/dividends
Nothing.
I think this post just increased my miniscule attraction to black women by 200%.
Something about them being subservient is hot.Wait..
a small apartment
wow thats sad
Start a waste management and raw material reprocessing business.
Reinvest into something more sane
Donate 20% to poor
invest it and work it until 10 million"what do you plan to buy" it's a mentality of poor people
A simple place, far from the rest of humanity.
I'll use the bitcoin as loan collateral to buy out a business like a realty.
Bitcoin keeps on going, business pays off the loan, missus has something to keep her occupied and I can stay at home fapping
More thinking memes pls.
Going to put down that million for a huge loan and invest in real estate
A house Oh wait I'd only have 1/3rd the amount for a house fucking chinks and boomers
I hit $10 million yesterdayThings I've bought:- Really comfy down duvet bed spread from Parachute
freedom
IOTA
Hallucinogens
I would second that.
I only have about 10 right now, would love some rare ones.
presuming he has 10 million>lives in Venezuela1M VEF= 99USD
Should have posted one myself, obviously.
buy a house and just want to live the debt free life with my waifu
Sorry this data is from last 3 months, at least for november its1M VEF = 22 USD
buyingI see you'll always be poor, anon.You don't buy things with money you nigger, you invest it again and again.
kekyou aren't going to make it
hookers
>pay off my traffic tickets>lil toyota truck>buy flooded buildings to fix and rent out>buy or make a skatepark cuz i like to ride bikes
More investments wtfWho blows all their cash on a toy when they hit $1M?
It's like you literally hate money
a plane ticket the fuck out of the us
A nice suit
probs cash out half of it to buy a house and keep the rest in investments.
this.
A one way ticket to Japan
there is this stripper from a club i go toshe really seems to like me for me, she really seems to be very attracted to me, and like my personallyshe has a kid and is a bit of a mess, but she showed me the most interest from a female aside from my momi want to make her happy, and i think she wants to be with me, but i feel i don't deserve her as broke as i am now.
she is really into rave culture and i want to take her to a big festival
lmao!!
!shes attracted your money, not you.dumbass.
no this is different, i am pathetic and have been going to strip clubs for a long time so i know that isn't he case from how she acts around me and other customers and just how she treats me, it is not typical stripper interaction...also it is a very upscale club so i know for a fact she isn't fucking/blowing dudes for cash
Unironically this.
Not even weeb, have genealogy in Osaka.
It's the dream the gets me out of bed in the morning.
you suck at life
she isn't fucking/blowing dudes for cashYes she is.
A nice trip to Japan with my lovely girl
A tall and hairy straight dude who is super down on his luck.
Aim for 2018.
You'll lose everything if you rush it.
Been there, done that.I'm like the other anons with taste in this thread, getting a ticket to Japan.
A book on tax code.
Lol wants to be rich to hold a bag that holds a bag, if you are this retarded you are not going to make it, or if you do you'll hero after she takes ur money.
Trully Darwin award material.
May as well get a mail order bride anon.
Less chance of STDs at least.
Thats what you think whiteboi
shack up with a junkie stripper
Awwe!
I'd love to go to the big festival with you Anon!
Can my friend Chad come with us!
I am pathetic Sorry bud.
Read your story.
She doesn’t like you and is just taking your money.But hey if you want to blow all your money go ahead.
hmm.
maybe i'd give 100k to mom and 100k to dad if they're still alive
 +10% gainslol at being this ignorant
this, a nice house with a studio, and an ok apartment downtown to rent
problem kid?
An ASIMO, that will sit with me in the passenger seat of a Honda S2000.
E55 AMG, guns, and some property
a gtr or a 200sx s14, depends how big of a jew i'm gonna be then.
1/4th there and the signs are telling me that the biggest jew faggot ever
/thread
The dip
Yep.
Im forever a jew.
So hard to part with my money...
I mean you can't exactly withdraw that much without going broke
Literally a small apartment in coastal Poland.
There I will live the rest of my days in semi retirement.
Don't fall for the "making it" jew in america.
Imagine how hard it is to be in the one percent of the wealthiest country in the world,when you can be wealthy in any other country for a fraction of the cost.
Who the fuck needs a lambo when you can have life-long security for like 300k in another country.
yeah but who the fuck wants to live in poland lmao
People that don't want to live among subhumans like you.Keep your kikes, niggers and other human trash, thank you very much.
I want an elon musk quality hair transplant.t.
hairlet
Fucking every one?
I don't want anything.
Just want to stop being a wagecuck.
Have alredy everything...would propably replace the heating radiators...the old ones are from 1970 but still "OK".
And add one of those WiFi remote controls aka smart home to it.
Yeah i would do that if i had too much excess money.
But honestly this is total luxury and will maybe only safe 5% heating costs and warm the room up few minutes faster.
I fell in love recently with "Kermi x2" , a german high tech heating invention that uses serial instead of parallel approach.
But still im too greedy haha.
Maybe one day
what do you mean?>what is safe withdrawal rate?as long as the equities increase by a certain amount you can sell some off and still have the same initial or more in the market
Buy 500k worth of property to rent out, and a Tesla model 3.
Fuck lots of hot whores
> German Engineering> Best Engineeringhttps://youtu.be/iUXGOdGhIGw
that will never happen
I wont make a million
4334980Not with that attitude.
No like regardless of any monetary gain you aren't going to make it in happiness.
Since when has>Lmao chicks, cig, and parties made anyone satisfied.
A soft serve ice cream machine.
They cost like 15 grand, but think of how fucking cool it would be to have one?
It would be crazy useful too.
PTA potluck that needs snacks?
Boom, free ice cream.
Who can beat that?
No one.
I'd show up to everything with that motherfucker, who'd would be pissed at that?
"Oh geez there goes Jake again with his soft serve machine making my store bought cookies looking like shit once again, I sure don't like him" fuck you you know I got you beat, shut up and make waffle cones if you want to try and compete.You know that this is a great idea.
I'd build a large flat area in the mountains to line tons of greenhouses for planting all kinds of hard to buy fruits and vegetables, with plenty of space and good roads for trucks to enter and leave.
Sell everything organic to health stores
nothing, i will continue trading until i reach a net worth of 100 million, then start my whale milk /biz/ness, which will net about $1.2 trillion p.a.
oh and also i forgot to mention i will then proceed to slowing buy out every country in Africa
I kek'd hard, my dude.
Definitely my favourite answer.
a condo
Don't forget to invest in a virus tailored for niggers, or it'd be a bankrupting investment.
I want to live long enough to find an answer what to live for.
I want to buy time and mental capacity to deal with it.
Buy a house, a car, and start a business.
All as much in cash as possible.
Invest the rest.
4336094NORMIES GET OUT WITH YOUR PLEBBIT HUMOR
Lol ok
Nothing, I spent 100 btc on a new BMW in 2014 and I'm not doing that stupid shit again
You also need a flock of sheep to complete your picture.
How is that Germans can talk about the most mundane things but it sounds like they're reporting on the Total Destruction of All Auslanders?
Dude, don't do it, not worth it.
Implying $1m is rich in this day and age
If I was a millionaire I'd buy a load of link now and then when it starts to rise i'll dump it for 1.1x the price I got it for, just for fun.
The best investment is the Diamond (DMD) 35% POS 65% MN income
Shocking, wow no one said a lambo yet.
How do i meem
A cunnyfu
Invest them somewhere safe and then move to a spiritual place in an exotic location surrounded by mountains and meditate on the nature of reality.
Don't forget about guns and a comfy bunker.
nothing in particular, make others happy
A boy like this.i fucking love boys!t.
Pederast.
nothing.
i have everything i need.
i would keep them for my children and gave them 100k* each on the day they want to move out to have a smooth start into the life of being an responsible adult.
*dripping them 2k per month so they won't get tempted to spend it on useless shit.
Wtf is wrong with you?!
Leave your girl at home... plenty of nice Asian waifus waiting for rich foreign man to please.
They live to serve.
you'll need at least 10 million to have that.
The main thing is to learn about profitable investment
Even if you gave them a fucking million they shouldn't be tempted.Remember that behaviour is 100% genetic, if one of them show any sign of being an hand-to-mouth drooling retard, leave it to die like the subhuman it is.Remember to aim for six children, because no one is safe from subhuman children.
we're ok anon, that was merely the fucking larper.
they are both pretty clever and have have their strong suits.
i just want them to enable starting their own lifes without being distracted with things like "how to i pay my rent?"
because i know how fucked up life is right now.
we have a good family income, but i don't want them to think they can leech it off when they leave the house so they get a "boost" and have to make their own way then.
Nothing I would probably aim for 2 million
Oh... sounded like you were planning on living on 10%, which is not exactly safe withdrawal rate.
More like 3-4%
I'd buy several houses with 1 million.In the Netherlands it's currently cheap to buy them and i'd turn them into student rooms, studenst pay 400+ for each room in a building.Tl;dr invest it all in property.I really don't care about material like cars watches and big houses.