Currently reading this book, what does /biz/rael think of it?
This thing is a god damn technical thesis/report and very academic.
Why are you reading it instead of a summary?Also, I don't think people who recommend it for biz know what it is.
It's a discussion on economics and society, not how to make money.
Shit's supposed to revolutionize the way we see the economy, Piketty is a big deal in economic circles but most of what I've heard from him (interviews, not this read this book yet) sounds a little to commie to me... like, let's uphold welfare state though it is obviously a flawed system and so on.. you should post your thoughts on it once you're finished anon, won't be a waste of time for you or us
yeah, any idiot who picks up a book because the title sounds "biz"-like without doing any research on author or topic should just be giving me their money instead...
It's fucking amazing.
I think economic theory is 99% bullshit, but this book isn't even about that.
It's literally 300 fucking years' worth of wealth data analyzed in minute detail, graphs, charts the fucking works.
No pointless abstractions, just shittons of hard data.
It makes you realize that the world was a complete and utter fucking shithole before the end of WW2 and 99.9% of people lived in complete misery, and the rest were ultra rich because of inheritance and rent.
And we're going back to that age... Everyone needs to read this even though it's over 700 pages of tiny ass font.
It's a really good book with fantastic econometric data to back it up.
Definitely one of the better things to have come out of economics lately.muh commiesIf you actually read the book Piketty talks about fixes to the capitalist system to make it sustainable and prevent economic slowdowns/ radical social revolts.
He's advocating for capitalism, just not broken capitalism.
Its kino and shows that we are entering a stage where the capital owners become gods whose fortunes are compounding so fast that they can avoid all productive work.
We are reaching neo-fuedalism, the natural order of man.
The ending where he suggests putting the entire world under french style socialist taxation is obnoxious and will never happen.
if you read the book it is blackpilled as fuck.
there is basically nothing you can do because if you try to tax the rich they will just move.
now with bitcoin moving capital abroad takes minutes
they will just move.Yes he addresses that in the book towards the end you obviously didnt read it brainlet.Great book op.
Most important non academic econ book since friedmans imo
neo-feudalism>think it's a bad idea to share wealthWhat they are doing is spreading the wealth through resources and then controlling the resource allocation.
This is what social security disability, welfare, section eight, medicaid etc.
are.
They hide all the costs so that they can negotiate that.
Most people literally don't even check their bank accounts to see where the money goes- I went to a budgeting class at a nearby church and everyone didn't even mention online banking.
I know my account balance by heart without even thinking about it, and I still check it.
The real problem is that people do not like money, they like the stuff you buy with money.
This is true for non-bizraels, non-jews, norms, etc.
The government right now is in a bind in a thousand different ways.
They can't rob the rich, they can't control the capital, and they can't supply the poor except through deals with corporations to give them money injections in exchange for services and bank loans that will take 200 years to repay(britain recently paid off debt thats been around for hundreds of years).I hate socialism, but America is the most successful socialist oligarchy in the history of the world.
We have democracy, but if you check who writes the bills and who gets the money, it's really not that much better than full-on socialism.
The difference is mostly that corporations are in charge instead of the government, which I actually think is the best situation we have right now.
As for raising taxes, they always do that.
That's why right now IL and Cali are always in the black with debt.
This is on purpose, so that whenever some sneak tax gets proposed everyone has to shove it past the people right away to get some more money flowing into the state government.
They never intended to be fiscally sound from the start.Cryptocurrencies just make taxation much faster and cheaper due to transaction fees.
now with bitcoin moving capital abroad takes minutesmore like hours lol./25 confirmations complete...>tfw bitcoin is actually the worst shitcoin of them all
And his solution is some world government bullshit that will never happen.
Wait
not Kapital