Im confused as hell.
I need to work at company A for 3 years to receive all of my stock.
However, I can only cash out 10% of any stock I own, once every couple of years.
The stock in total would be nearly 200k.
However, I dont understand what the benefit of staying is - I mean..Literally is it only worth waiting 3 years and then moving?
or am I confused about my own stock?
Do I have to buy my own stock after 3 years?
Can I buy the stock I dont own if I leave after my first year?
Why is everything so god damn complicated?
you stupid cuck, everybody knows that the only things that have value are things that you can cash out instantaneously.
buy bch now.
Read the fine print.
Not enough info to go on.
Most company's have a retirement plan where you buy stock and they match it to a certain amount, other companies award stocks.
Only way to find out is to talk to someone at rhe company or to provide more info.
but what do people do in SF like normally?
4327821>Most company's have a retirement plan where you buy stock and they match it to a certain amount,that's a 401(k)>companies award stocksRSUsOP.
Sounds like you're getting RSUs if your company is publicly traded.
Restricted Stock Units.
I assume you're getting a certain amount of stock in total, staggered over 3 years, or a certain amount all at once after 3 years.
They probably have a vesting period if you're currently receiving them.
>However, I can only cash out 10% of any stock I ownThat part doesn't make any sense>The stock in total would be nearly 200k.>I dont understand what the benefit of staying isdon't contradict yourself Op.
You stated the benefit in the sentence before.
Just tell them: "IT'S MY MONEY, AND I NEED IT NOW"
I think I am getting 5000 RSUs So basically do I just get all of them after 3 years and can cash out immediately?
I heard form a colleague that everytime there is a "excise" event which is every 2 years you are only allowed to sell 10% of the stock Could this be true?
Or am I confused?
What does the R stand for?Do you think selling them whenever you want is "restricted"?they are giving you a share in the future dividends of the company to incentivise loyalty and performance.
There are strings attached so their employees can't do the opposite and mutiny while selling their stock into the gutter.so you could be getting 20k every two years for 20 years, assuming the stock prices stayed constant.
There is likely a vesting schedule that your HR should know a lot about.
Restricted Stock Units are granted on date X and Vest on date Y.
They are only sellable after they vest, you only own them after they vest as well.
So if you quit without any vested stock, you don't get the stock.
I don't know how they can making you sell only 10% of the shares.
They can't tell you how you can and cant use an asset you own.
If you actually own the shares, you can sell when ever you want.
*If your company is publicly traded*If your shares are private equity, that changes things, and would make more sense based on the way you used the word excise.
Private equity is liquid, so companies usually have liquidity provisions for stockholders.
Your company's HR would know a lot more about this than 4chan would.