Obsidian - read this old threadhttps://warosu.org/biz/thread/3451714From post # 3452196Quote:50k odn holder hereI am comfy as fuck, I talked a lot on slack with devs an they dont give a fuck about marketing until they will be sure that distribution and technology will be perfect.
I am comfy as never before couse of the team.
if you look at them on webpage tab /team you will see autistic kind of pedophile-like guys who spend all their yougn live in basement coding.
I am sure that this blockchain will be top20 in 6 month from now.
This team is idealistic as much as possible and they dont give a fuck about shilling it in media as 95% of new project right now.
This is real life use product and every one who kwon technology will invest in it.
>For all poor guys with <$500 budget put everythign that you have in it when it will be on some exchange(cryptopia, liqui, bittrex -IMO this will be the order of exchanges), withraw all your coins on wallet, turn on staking and leave it till at least end of the year.
When you will chceck worth of your holdings on hangover 1st of january '18 you will see x100 your initial investment.>To be clear, I am not pajeet shilling some shitcoins or coins that I have heavy bags.
I am in bitcoin/blockchain community since late '12 so before $1000 pump.
I bought my first bitcoin at $20 and I am sure that it will be one of major blockchain players in near future.I will sell it once.
Together with my whale-friends we will FUD it hard in next 4 weeks to accumulate as much as we can under $1.
I am talking to you poor anon.
If you want to do whatever you want and do not give a fuck about money you have a chance to buy at least 1 masternode(10k odn).
You have to do it untill end of september if you are able to invest at least $10.000 couse since november you will not see it under $1.>:unquoteMassive Fud campaign designed from these whales.
They have accumulated so much under ICO price.Everytime the price goes up, they drive it down
What happend to odn do you remember?
Right out the gates almost we were mooning.
The fudd just got stronger and stronger trying to keep it down.
Going at great lengths to even fake slack screenshots.
These whales got it under a dollar... they got it under 50 cents.
And now are trying to accumulate even moar under 25 cents.
By the time this thing hits 1$ again it will shortly go to two I've been in whale groups long enough to know how to fudd and accumulate for cheap.
>If you're a regular /biz Anon ask yourself this, what purpose does it serve to fudd?
There was no scam, no funny business, no overhyped or broken promises.
This project is one of the few gold mines out here and you haven't bought in at a sub 10 million market cap.
You wanna know how people make 10-20x gains on this board?
It's buying into projects like obsidian this early and this cheap.
>buy>hold>stakeIt's that easyBe warned
I own one master node and I need more
All sudden ODN fud isn't 'organic' so to speak.
Something big is coming.
I can feel it.