Hi everyone, I am the dude that called Storj breaking .12 and I also called the earlier Bitbay pump(I got fucked on it though since I am a pussy lost about 1k on it)Recently due to BTC's value increasing I think it may retrace within the next few days.Due to this many alts like ARK, NEO, etc will pump a bit.However, LMC is sure to pump far beyond 1.25-1.4kI would buy in around 550-650 satoshis for 2x profit or more.On friday LMC is going to be having a conference as well as some new announcementsUnlike bitbay this has a clear accumulation pattern which is very bullish, it will accumulate up until late tonightish, I will keep you updated.Friday morning to saturday evening is when it will be pumping, HARD.Koreans and Chinese will get on this because LMC is based in Beijing.God speedTarget entry: 530-650 satoshi for maximum profit, up to 800 if you miss early pumpTarget dump/sell: 1.2-1.5k
Addresses for Etherueum and BTC donation because I have good calls most of the time.BTC:1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjWETH:0xed4768d188e561bf910a61d6cb6efd492aeaea93
Ayyy my boy.
Good calls on storj and bay.
How'd you get so good at this ?
I don't know too be honest, I have been fucking with cryptos since early last year but never started investing until november because I was scared of losing moneyI started late october and I am at $11k already from $500
Damn boyo.
Did you have any reading material to help you learn?Im planning on sending a donate after this LMC call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4lU5j6JcII
Yeah man, start up a discord channel and put a link into this post, I'd be interested in picking up a few tips.
I would rather just keep it on 4chan, I don't like voice chat and all that.
Any other alts you expect to pump besides ARK and NEO?
LSK POSSIBLY, not too sure about that one.I know OMG, NEO, ARK, LMC are for sure pumps, nothing else besides that, MAYBE eth short term if bitcoin drops $200-$500
fair enough to youbut discord is mainly text chat.. dont even need to have a voice channel on there as an option
You shut the fuck up you stupid nigger.
I called storj and fct, since I'm in the group that started both pumps, and WE ARE NOT PUMPING LMC.
Fucking liar smelly pajeet
sure you did
Didnt you say 15k yesterday
Yeah I withdrew some cash since its volatile atm
what do you think bitbay will do from here?
thank you sir
Dumped my LMC bags for bay the other week.
I'll watch this from the sidelines maybe.
Its too volatile, I wouldnt get in on it, LMC, NEO, ARK, OMG are the good alts to get in on while they are stabilizing.
I know you mentioned edg from your story thread.
What's the story there ?
Its getting pumped slowly
Any targets?
Friendo
Dump
I don't have any targets, sorry dude, I can T.A it later tonight.
hey manthanks for the tipthe volume on LMC is crippling.
how do you gather that it will pump tomorrow?
Go on LMC's twitter, volume from most ALTS is dumping since volume is switching to BTC atm, it will change.
cheersalso EDG is terribledo you think it'll pump once they make the surprise announcement of obtaining a license
are you referring to this twitter https://twitter.com/coinlomo?lang=en?
I found this one, think they made a new account when their app came out or something.https://twitter.com/LoMoStarLMCThanks for the heads up OP, you say Friday morning to Saturday evening, I guess in EST time?
Or asian timezones?
this right here is some quality posting
I'll throw a small amount at lmc put an order in at 665, might have to up it to get some
if koreans and chinese get in on this then wouldn't it be reasonable to expect a 6-7x?those assholes love pumping coins for days at a stretch
OP is a protalks like a protrades like a proand shares like a proeveryone owes him at least 10% of gains if this works out tomorrow
While you all are sucking OP's dick for mere day trading gains, you are all forgetting the real game: the long term game.
Pic related is bitbay's roadmap.
There are so much ROIs to make on it.
There are many important updates coming for both this end of the year and the first half of 2018.
The next 6 months are guaranteed ROIs.
It may be the last chance to buy while it still is low.
Although wait a few days to buy just in case it stabilizes back to a lower price.
Buy low and HODL.
roger thatwill transfer the LMC gains into RCN and BAY
busy month for bay with a new website in 4 days, new web wallet, new improved proof of stake hard fork phew!and that's just THIS month!!
get involved or get left behind on the baytrain!
That's funny, because last time you said you started with $700 and made $17,000
i think that's all priced in
damn just missed the LTC pump
4402387And just like that OP got busted for a schemy cuntCareful with this one ladsHe might be giving you these freebiesBut his gonna bamboozle you guys with his massive bags on the next tip
Whatever OP is doing, Bitbay remains a very good project to invest in.
As a long term holder, I am myself surprised that it pumped so fast but hell yeah it is crypto.
Just do your research and you will see that Bitbay has some top notch tech and a huge potential.
Look at .
The next coming months will be glorious to make good ROIs.
Pic related Bitbay's greatness.
still waiting on it to go down to 500sats
I think that it will temporary get back to 50 cents then pump again.
Gotta wait a few days to see if I am right.
It would be cool to have some more cheap BAY.
Nonetheless Bitbay's roadmap is full of incoming updates so it is still guaranteed to pump hard in the next coming months.
So just wait a few days for it to go down and then buy & HODL for the sweet gains.
Best gains is long term.
See the roadmap .
AWQ8J79Dw5qQBDyZDin5LxxPwi1LnG8QcMGreatest anon on /biz right here
>Koreans and Chinese will get on this because LMC is based in Beijing.you for real nigga, this is your reason?
the growth is certainly organic at this pointit's not mooning it's creeping upwardsand volume is increasingwould it be reasonable to expect a pump or a dump?