Get in, the train is already taking off, last chance for you my friend
I'd rather trust a pajeet than an italian.
>Scoobeidoobeidoo!
Went all in, feels good to finally get in early for once.
I missed NULS and DRP and I'm not going to miss this
Where can I get this, and is it still early enough?
fucking bump
You can get it on bitfinex if your in the US just use some VPN and if your fast enough than yeah you will get in
4272691I just bought it on Etherdelta but I think its on bitfinex and hitbtc as well.
Fuck I don't have a VPN!
Where else can I get it?
4272738You can just download some free one from the chrome App Store you can also buy it on hitbtc I think
and why should i be buying this coin?
I'm going to hitbtc
Currently transferring BTC from Binance to Hitbtc, pray I make it in time, lads.
hitbtc has higher price i think than finex
does it?
Well, whatever, I've already made an account and transferred.
Fuck, this transfer could take a while.
Honestly, how much longer do you guys think I have?
u missed it
Relax.
It's a good investment, but the way to the moon is still long
How long?
>italiansSorry I'll be right over there buying pajeet coins instead.
I'm bullish in 1-2 years
What, I thought it was going to moon
It will.
Don't worry about it.
Finex is the biggest exchange and this shit was listed, what, a month ago?
Price tanking?Why the fuck would it "moon" anon?Let me guess - reddit AMA coming up?
Big NEWS ANNOUNCEMENT on Twitter?W-wallet?
4273052Can't tell if shill or FUDDon't worry anon this will moon very shortly
If you want to fud, at least get some info.
They already have a wallet.
It's not mooning, it's just going up like all alts.
Shut up, you cock sucking pajeet.
Stop shilling a serious coin like if it was a shitcoin and learn to invest
unfortunately while I love the Eidoo team their token has no specific purpose so is unlikely to be valuable
You on that retard time?
You either shill or FUD not in between.
Let's say what your saying is true and it will moon in a year or 2 why would I invest now?
Call me in a couple months then buddy
No source why it should moonshow me the info
Because, you stupid fucking retard, you can also have a serious discussion about a coin.It will go to 100 in a few years, let's say, but it will rise in price slowly but surely first.
That's why I bought it, not for pajeet pump and dumps
If your here to put money in something and forget it your in the wrong market boyo.
Go invest in Amazon or Apple or some shit
Yeah, because Apple will give me this kind of returns?
Fucking pajeets I swear
Listed like Metaverse and it went unknown.this will blow up the same way as ETP.