BITTREX,Who here has done basic verification on Bittrex, or any verification at all.Seems rather shady I am lookign to withdraw but have been barred, have any of you anons verified?
what does basic verification consist of?
yeahjust smile to the camera bob saget
First Name>Last Name>Birth Date>Country>Street Address>City>State/Province>Postal/Zip CodeThat is all the required information
y did u get barred?
I can only withdraw 0.025 BTC a day
I tried to do enhanced verification with no reservations about doing so.
I sent the required photos and the screen said that I had been verified.
Then I tried to trade.
I got to the screen to approve the transaction and I was notified that my account was disabled.I have an open ticket and have even sent my photos a second time attached to that ticket, but I have had absolutely no response as to why my account is disabled.
enable 2FA on your account and you should be allowed to withdraw w/o issue.
Was it always like that for you, or did you do something stupid/sketchy for them to decrease your withdrawal limit?
FA Doesn't this give them access to all the information on my phone such as my google account?
I use authy instead of google authenticator.
doesn't give access to shit
No they made an update maybe like 6 months ago and made it so all account holders had to verify.
But i have had no reason to withdraw until now.
But I am suspicious about what they will Do with my personal information.
authyOk, I just download this app onto my mobile from the google play store?
yeahwhen you go to enable 2FA just scan the QR with your phone to add bittrexmake sure to write down your keys just in case btw
pay a homeless man to let you use him
So they can send your information to the gov for them to know if you paid all of your sheckles in taxes.
Otherwise they will lock you up with all the tyrones.
don't do it anon, i did it and they stole all my link
friend sign up at binance , use this ref ID - 10068869youll get free btc to trade with.
(small amount)
same issue here op>go to withdraw last night>need basic verification>basic failed need enhanced verification>send in required documents>name mismatch >can take up to 7 days to manually check it>send in support ticket>over 24hrs now and no response stillneedless to say I will be sure to do proper due diligence on exchanges from now on
How much BTC you have locked up on the exchange?I'm gonna do what this anon says though
are you a pajeet.
i heard they are purging pajeets.
that's all i've heard, just a rumor.
I have.>Seems shadyNot really, its called complying with banking laws.
I had to provide even more information when I made an account with Scottrade.
bittrex is one of the largest and most reputable exchanges.
however, because of that they are under more scrutiny by the gov't and are probably implementing stricter policy with regard to verifications.when i log-in now i get sent straight to the Enhanced Verification page.
it's like my acct has been flagged or something because i have a variable IP addy and i don't stay logged in.
so maybe logging in and out flagged my account, or maybe it's because i move funds in and out between trex, binance, hitbtc, and liqui.at any rate, it's not because it's a shit exchange, it's because the gov't is starting to demand more info (KYC - know your customer) from exchanges.i've only had around $1,000 max in my bittrex too and they're being strict with my acct?
wtf.
Well I made way below tax threshold this year, so I did not claim anything, which the tax laws says is allowed.
But there have been cases when the gov witch-hunts people which I don't like.
Does the same to me too m8.I did basic verification now that I logged in to double check.
Luckily got all my shit out and moved to Binance.
Worst case they audit you, you provide info on your total income, they verify you're telling the truth, and then you're fine.
What could fuck you though is that any trade you make has tax ramifications regardless of whether you cash out into fiat or not.
be careful, i made an extra $2K once and didn't report it, and they've been after me ever since for that.
Are fucking joking?