P of I incoming.
Yup, BCH will soar.
Sorry, anon.
My Dragon accidentally stepped on your knight.
nothing personal, Kid.
Red Lips, standing by.
SAVE OUR SOULS OLDFAG
are you really him?how do you know when shit moons?
you in some whale group ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vP-mwk00MgM
4519078he pulls the strings of the universe
Very simple, Anon.
You are in MY reality.
I could explain it via Sub Atomic Physics, Quantum Mechanics, Probability Patterns, String Theory, and so on, but we do not really have 40 years.
memes aside do you post anywhere else?
got a twitter?
something?
What is mooning?
Air Cav, (you) know The Drill.
Snake and Nape, Danger Close.
Light 'em Up.
I do not participate in any Social Media.
This is the only place safe for me to do so.
P of IWhat does it mean?
i'm new to this game
J-Julian?
whats P of I?
BCH 5 Ether today you think?
P of I and or Pof L are Proof of Identity and or Proof of Life.
pic related.
Gonna be a bumpy one, Boyos.
Strap in.
ok thanks, so is this the to buy btc?
because BCH will crash?
bumpy for us cashiefags, mr. oldtard?
We let them have their BTC dip, and their BCH runup.
As always, they got greedy, went beyond The Agreement, and I had to pull the plug on them.
Now, it is Our Turn.
Na, Ima let you keep it at $1550.
Not gonna take it to 800 just yet.. Yeah, BCH is on hold for a bit, time to buy BTC.
g-god....can you let bch go to 3k then add a few inches to my peter?
We start off at $8100 rock bottom support, and off we go.
Fueling engines.
I can't do much about the 3K BCH.
In order for that to happen, BTC has to go to 28.6K I'm working on it, but we can not allow it overnight, or we have Zimbabwe / Venezuela on our hands.
as for your Peter, there is a new and improved version of viagra out.
It is a generic label called " Mydixadryl."
.6k, is it even possible oldfag?And how long till it reach that?
I just found out some of my staff are drunk at a pre T-Day Party, so we may have to wait a few hours for the liftoff.
Picture Yoda rummaging in an x-wing.
Yup, found it.
Here is your answer.
Bitcoin is playing a prominent roll in an upcoming episode of Big Bang Theory.
Love it or hate it, millions of Normies with Millions of trust fund dollars will see it who knew nothing of Bitcoin.
previously.
holly shit.
What about shitcoin that's constanly shilling in here?
is it worth it?>pic related
i only just got my first whole bitcoin.
Minor profits to be had.
Pretty risky at this stage.
That ship sailed.
Thanks, my trust is on you oldfag
What's the reason you hate bch so bad?
Can you let it breathe?
Why people thinking one or the other?
Can we have both?
hes out to make money like everyone else, why else would you do it?
should I sell everything, including my car, and buy BTC?
No.
Never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Ok, but you can make money on both!
I did not draw First Blood, but I will draw Last Blood.
The main financier of BCH is a Terrorist.
He was behind the 9/11 attacks.
I allowed you to make money on BCH.
Do not be greedy.
beg your par-pardon?
oldfag, how much contingency of my saving should i invest in?What is the contingency plan should i have?
typo mistakeoldfag, how much of my saving should i be invested in?What is the contingency plan should i have?
I'm not greedy mate, far from it.I don't want anybody to lose money.
I admire successful people.In a matter of facts I made a post 'quick thanks' to OLDFAGBIZTARD couple days ago.
I went on POWR at .28 and sold at .60 thanks to your call.This time I'm in BCH because I can't afford a even 1 BTC atm - maybe in the future.
I rather to buy 2 x BCH and hold it for a while.
What's wrong with that?
Wait until next week.
There will be much blood and many bodies in the streets of Crypto this weekend.
Start with $100.
You will probably lose that.
Learn from it.
Start over with $90.
Do NOT trade with large amounts until you have at least 500 hours trading experience.
Do you think Diamond (DMD) will ever see a major increase in value
Thanks oldfag

There is nothing wrong with that at all.
there are just some very vicious people involved with BCH.
they started The War.
There is always collateral damage.
I can not just stand down and let them take Core down.
It would be the end of Crypto.
Period.
I would wait for Super Bitcoin.
when did you become suspicious about bch and jihan ?
Ok, I get it, but there is too much hate around crypto.
What if Core is wrong?
What if Roger wrong?
You'll let the people suffer from your war?
Why core supporters work on BTC and Cash supporters work on BCH?Do you think BTC 'chain death' spiral is even possible?
Is that why Core supporters are affraid of?
he just said Jihan started it which is true.
Jihan sucks my balls
When I followed the Money to Prince Al Alawed.
THIS POST HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAX PEOPLE TALKING BETWEEN THEMSELVES ABOUT HOW GREAT IS BLOCKSTREAM AND HOW THE PAJEETS PRINCES AND ISLAMIC WORLD IS SOMEHOW RELATED TO BITCOIN CASHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
how is it like to be poor?
the fuck, hes in jail now though
Your welcome, Anon.
Read between the lines here.
Buy the coin that does not glitter.
You Will Make It.
So he is, and all 20 Billion in assets seized.
More than a few of his guard were shot in the raid as well.
I wonder how that happened?
Your a (Big Guy)
Oldfag, is their any shitcoin that could make it or defs sailed on that.
If its to late that service me right for hanging around /b/tards and /pol/ for so long
ThanksNice poemToo much of Pajeet shilling shitcoin in biz, i'm almost felt for it
Red Rum standing by!
Quite the Steeple Chaser there.
Buy the coin that has a specific gravity of 19.3 and change.
Thanks oldfag
gravity of 19.3What does it mean oldfag?
19.3% increase?
specific gravity of 19.3 and changegold has a density of 19.3...
buy BTG confirmed
who is this mysterious man?
He seems to have quite a presence within /biz/..
lol.
and that filename.
4518982oh mighty oldfagbiztard, I am a conflicted man.
Perhaps you can lend me an ear as you have the others?
My conundrum is that I am holding a few grand worth of OMG and am awaiting December.
However, I have felt the trembling of FUD and instability within the market.
Should I abort my moon mission, and join the ranks of Bank of America to await Armageddon from a safe distance?
Or shall I tread further into deeper waters?
I hear tall tales of dragonslayers and a mighty Mt.
Gox, and tremble before them as I am nothing more than a simple peon without sword nor shield.
Yeah i did assume that but I should have asked, is this correct old wise fag
Look at the filename of the picture.
Gold it is.
If only I had enough to buy some... Hmm, I could sell my 0.1BTC in POWR but that's due a moon in a few hours do I have time Oldfag?
This should be interesting, the backstory would be a top selling novel.
Even though we are pawns in but one dimension of this game I just turned some assets yellow.
Ktpo