How much money do you spend per year on living expenses?
Such as eating, housing, car ect..>live alone in apartment (paid in cash)>spend 13k a year, rarely leave apartment.I don't understand how some single people could spend 30k+ per year.
Live alone, die alone faggot.
where do you live and what do you do?
guessing rural fuck nowhere and part time job + crypto
$/month apartment+utilities$/month foodabout 5k usd / year
200 € a month in an apartment, I live alone and it's rented.
€ a month on transportation> 200 € on food, clothes and other expenses
12k alone on rent No way you phaggots pay 300 or less renting alone
its very possible
shit my mortgage is ~330 a year on a 3 bed 2 bath on a third acre, in an heavily industrialized metro
Maybe in a cornfield somewhere.
/month is a very nice apartment in my country (philippines)
He was pretty open about how he never leaves so it’s not like he needs to be around anything to do
damn, here in vancouver thats 3000/month for a nice apartment
It costs me literally 1.5x that amount of money just to get into nyc every day by fucking train let alone even think about living there lol
my dream life
Why would you wanna live in the middle of nowhere?
I do because I live near the slums and I only got robbed twice since I live here :^)
Lol?
I'm 28 and I spend like 80k a year in living expenses (not including rent/bills/insurance/etc)Saving until you're too old to enjoy any of your money is a giant meme pushed by the elite to keep you a cog wage cuck for the best years of your life.I am a ferrari, a super car.
I'm expensive but high performing.
I earn a lot, spend a lot, and live well.Be like me, not some faggoty forever poor wage stowing away pennies that will be fleeced by a conman when you're old and stupid from not learning anything valuable in life as you were simply a wage cuck and not a man all this time.
Less likely to be in the blast radius of a nuke.Cooking food in a wok bowl over a fire.Can have cats without being a dick.
about 30k a year for a young couple in seattle
80k/year spending not including rent/bills/insurancehow???
More likely to die before you arrive at the nearest hospital
Good point, should marry a doctor.
30>live alone$1200/mo for rent/utils/internet$300/mo for car$400/mo on food and other misc expensesLife is pretty expensive.
Food and rent are really $$, but what can you do.
$1100 rent/month (living alone in apartment)>$1200 cc bill/month (food, gas, bills)roughly $27600/year at least
I spend like 80k a year in living expensesCould you give us a break down anon?
about the same here.
> 26 /~11k yr/29k savingsI live pretty comfy and rarely even think about money.> I don't understand how some single people could spend 30k+ per year.> ~2500 a monthprobably impulse buying garbage, eating out and monthly payments on shit they don't need.
or, like a few anons here, they live in urban areas getting wagecucked to death.
less than $1000 a month if I don't buy too much stufflive with parents so i don't have to pay rent
I am a ferrari, a super car.
Im expensive but high performingfirst of all, kys.second of all, it isnt black or white.
I live pretty damn comfortably on a $75k/year salary and am still shelling away money to the point where if my salary never increased and i continued saving the way I am, i will have roughly $1.65MM when im 60 years old.
As my salary increases I can easily estimate I will be a millionaire by my mid 40s.
In what country do you live my friendo?
Philippines
what can you get for 300 a month in terms of housing?
Got any pics?
how can you be surprised?
it obviously depends on where you live
Easily.
I buy nice shit, travel, have girlfriends that I toss when I'm bored with, fuck high class hookers when I'm bored, party with my friends, eat at the best restaurants, and take Ubers whenever I don't feel like driving or finding parking (I live in a major city so driving is annoying).I just bought a $3000 parka, $500 burberry scarf, $1500 on 4 pairs of shoes, and $25k on an A. Lange & sohne watch.
I had a very good year in crypto so I splurged a little, I normally don't buy watches that expensive.When I go out on a Friday or Saturday night, I'll easily spend 100-200 dollars on drinks and maybe some food.
I like having a good time.
You need to understand that there is actually benefits to partying with your friends.
Yes, alcohol is bad for you, but there are mental and emotional stresses that dissolve when you're having good times.Depressed?
Try fucking 5 beautiful call girls in a week and see how depressed you still are.
Most of you are probably depressed because you lack female physical contact.
We need to trade touch and pheromones with the opposite sex.
Sound unnatural and piggish?
Well, we live in a very unnatural world, so sometimes we have to go to extremes to balance ourselves.
Living in a moldy basement playing videogames in pitch black darkness is not healthy, which is the state most of you are in.
Spend money on yourself.I love traveling.
I stay in nice hotels wherever I go, maybe not the ritz, but I like to be comfortable.
I don't fly business or first class, but on an average trip I'll spend around 5k-10k.
I find girls I like on tinder and offer to take them to the nicest restaurants in exchange for their hospitality and showing me around, and they usually fuck me too.
If they don't, I get a hooker.My parents hoarded money all their lives, they came from a different generation where financial austerity was the norm, I understand... but not me.
I live life to the fullest.
Well, I'm 28 and I'm a millionaire now.
How?
I have rich friends who tell me stuff.
If rich people like you, they will share secrets with you, such as cryptocurrency.
You might think my lavish life style (well, compared to most people here) is wasteful, but it's actually an investment.
It's an investment in my own happiness and it puts me in the right social circles.Investing is the ONLY way to move up financial classes, but by all means, keep wage cucking, I'm sure you'll be fine with your one million dollars when you're 58.
You're not going to make it, unless you make 300k+ after taxes you're never going to retire and will always have to work to keep this up.
How much do you make after taxes and how much money did you spend so far this year inculding housing ect?
Are you in debt?
I left out the part where I inherited a real estate empire that generates me 55k a month, but I have to split that with my brother, and also pay taxes on it.
So it's not THAT much in the end.No, not in debt.
I make 110k a year, and own my condo out right.
That's around 74k-80k after taxes depending on the state you live in.
You're not going to make, spending 80k per year while you make 80k is nigger basketball American that will go bankrupt in 7 years tier.
can you read?
or is basic math your problem?