Cashcucks on absolute suicide watch lmfao
Traded in alts at the dip at around $6200.
Feels good
Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful, be afraid corecucks when BTC sells off and the market realizes miners are abandoning ship leaving a crippled infrastructure you're going to relive those moments we saw last week.
BCH is holding steady at 300% of it's value compared to this time last month so I'm feeling pretty comfy.
Exactly.
We will see.
I don't care if it takes 1 month to pump, BCH will pump hard.
i hate dinosaur shitcoin.
its old, outdated crap.
hope it burns soon
It's not the ATH you dumb fuck.And enjoy the red candles in few hours/days.
I'm an alt cuck and I'm getting absolutely fucked right now and not enjoying it.
Fuck the king
ATH is at 7899, you retard.
wallstreet coming thru, cme, this gonna 30k before next summer
That one guy predicted $40k BTC within four years>It happens in one
No sane person would pass it and it will dump just like the previous etf
This, this, so much this.You're a fucking braindead cuck if you aren't selling everything you have, maxing out your credit, and buying Bitcoin.This shit will be over $30K in a year.
And that's being conservative.How many of you will kill yourselves in five years when one Bitcoin is worth more than $150K, and just five of them today WILL make you a future millionaire?
We are the printed tether marine LN futures marines.
when one Bitcoin is worth more than $150KThat would be fucking stupid so it's probably gonna happen
You're an idiot.
This is called fools trade where you think you'll always be able to sell higher than you bought.
BTC will have diminished returns at some point.
Speculation is even MILLIONS of USD for one bitcoin in 20-30 years
4398018Dude in 20 - 30 years lmfao bitcoin will not be around
damn +$200 in 15 minutes
4398052literally fucking delusionaltake a look at history you fucking retards"nothing new under the sun"the only difference is the tech, but this has played out in industry after industryremember the big companies in computers in the 70s or 80s?
no, you dont, because they died
20-30 yearsI'll be dead from liver failure by then, lol.
That or heart failure from snorting too much coke off of high class escorts' tits on my yacht.
get back to us after your next difficulty adjustment corecuck, see you in a week
Brookeshire Hathaway, you fucking retard.
Nothing is impossible
Bitcoin won't exist in that much time retard
how is it going in /r/btc ?
are they being as delusional as ever?
HELLO
So people's wild estimates as to where Bitcoin gets to is a whopping 5x current price?This is why Bitcoin is useless now.Because the market cap is so fucking high now, it's pointless making some huge speculation on it because the returns will be totally fucking lame relative to the risk.It's basically pointless investing in Bitcoin now.99% of it was speculative value (hence why people ONLY ever post about the fucking price and you don't hear of anybody actually using this shit)Now that ship has sailed, any sane mind would be looking just about anywhere else for gains.
There's probably shit loads of companies out there whose stock will now outperform Bitcoin.
4398095Excuse me, shitfaces.
EXCUSE ME.While you were mumbling about irrelevant stocks and historical analogies, Bitcoin just gained even more ground.When will you admit your logic is flawed and comparing it to anything makes as much sense as comparing Amazon stock to Indian beads 500 years ago?Bitcoin is not in the same universe as any of your stocks and commodities.
It cannot be derailed.
It will not slow down and it will not stop doubling every few months.I hope you faggots with your bullshit arguments against Bitcoin maximalism choke when you see it surging over $50K.
Which will be happening much sooner than anybody as pants on the head retarded as you believes.
So people's wild estimates as to where Bitcoin gets to is a whopping 5x current price?You don't seem to realize how the regular markets usually go in terms of gains
Step back for a second and see why a lot of seasoned traders are going to bail within the next few hundreds.
It is touching the resistance zone again.Don't be an emotional trader and jump in when it moons.
This might soon be the time to jump out and stay in something else.
Wait in that something else for a few weeks and then jump back to BTC.
Why are you cheering up a Pump and Dump shitcoin?
It's basically pointless investing in Bitcoin now.The absolute state of bshitcoiners
20-30 yearsLOL.
10 more years at best and it's over.
I'm just sad it has started to accelerate so fast lately.
I wanted more time to accumulate.
So people's wild estimates as to where Bitcoin gets to is a whopping 5x current price?Okay so go invest in the s&p 500 for 9% per year, then.
please sell your shit so I can buy the dip because I missed the last one
Miners are going to fuck btc in the ass
Thank you faggot on the internet for the insight into my own thought process.
there's only one answer to that; he fell for the meme and bought
When are altcucks going to learn?
BTC is the only way to go baby.
this level of delusion by cashies
Fuck, posts like these get my dick hard.
How much btc you holding anon?
I got 25 and I spend every waking moment thinking about buying more
It's crashing!!!!!!
BCH is holding steady:^)
That buffet quote doesn't apply because all crypto traders are greedy right now.
Only fearful on total crash.
We bought another few months.
BCH has this obvious pattern of soaring quickly and then slowly bleeding.
It's now in the slow bleed stage.
I don't know what will happen, desu.
Maybe someday it will have the strength to flippen.
Until then I stay in BTC.
It's supposed to do thatAs a deflationary currency it's purchasing power is increasing.
However the rate of deflation is slowing over time because of increased mining difficulty and limited supply.
Eventually we'll get a point where it will be much more stable and returns will indeed diminish.
Any time, m8.
I think you've got this backwards,as the mining reward continues to halve and difficulty increased the supply of fresh coins will slow down,this can only make the price continue to go up if the demand still remains.
yes, but not in the same rate as it has done up until now, and the speculation value and massadoption is what have been kept pushing it up, if that falls, why wouldnt bitcoin?
This is textbook hype and euphoria.
If ylwe don't watch it we will end up just like the tulips
This is textbook hype and euphoria.No textbook hype and euphoria was the jump from $7,400 to $7,800 last week the assurance everyone had there was insane.
This is a hell of a lot more reserved comparatively
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/there-never-was-real-tulip-fever-180964915/While I can agree with your sentiment, the tulip mania was not "the bubble".And I'm also prepping $6K to dump it into BTC
What website can I use to just buy and sell bitcoins very quickly?
Like I sell and get the cash very fast?
Bitcoin will more than likely be dying within a year, with ETH taking it's place as the top market cap.
The core team have no fucking idea what they are doing.
BCH and BTC will achieve price parity and then both die as all faith is lost in this lumbering monstrosity of outdated tech.Bitcoin maximalists are truly delusional beings, they genuinely think it's invincible.
They have no fucking perspective whatsoever.
Entire industries have collapsed in the space of a year but they think their shitcoin, which is outclassed by multiple rivals in just about every respect, will be worth 1 million dollars someday because "muh store of value".
Pathetic.
No.
this this thisgreat post.
I have one bitcoin.
There is more to life.
ETH is run by retarded, anti-white communists who think child porn is less harmful than drug use.
Remember how for 200,000 years the fastest a human could get anywhere was walking?Remember how for 6000 years the fastest a human could get anywhere was horse?Remember how for 100 years the fastest a human could get anywhere was by train?You see where I'm going?
A frontier is different than a random new tech.Ask the companies of the 80s and 90s like Microsoft, Intel, etc.The smart ones adapt.
It's what they do.Shit, Corningware made glass for railroad electricity lines 150 years ago and now they make the gorilla glass on every iPhone.Adapt or die.
This isn't a fad, it's a frontier.
It was us who pumped BTC this high, join and get early infor before next pumps so you can earn mad profits.https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG