Dear core shills:Just admit that your afraid.
Theirs no shame in it, I would be too.
Theirs a reason your so toxic and snappy, Your backed into a corner like a mut with his tail between his legs.
It's understandable, It's nature even.Just admit that you are:>Scared of all exchanges adding bch/alt pairs>Scared of the Teather pumping fiasco, the same thing that fucked gox.>That your fees are too high and your blocks adjust too slowly>that restaurants and businesses and websites are now mass adopting bitcoin cash>that their are radio ads in every state for bitcoin cash>that people are handing out flyers for Christmas sales and information about bitcoin cash to normies and old people>that your name isnt as secure as you think it is>that your coin is controlled by the same people that you started off hating when you first invested into bitcoin>that your subreddits and websites are behind an iron curton shielding you from all of these, while censoring anything that goes against the narrative.>That i can buy a cup of coffee with out spending 20$ in transaction fees>that square was disappointed in btc's performance and is instead considering Bitcoin cashAnd theirs more, so much more.
Just admit these things and you will feel so much better.
>that restaurants and businesses and websites are now mass adopting bitcoin cashstopped right there.
i'm not a core fanboy i just follow the money and believe bcc is the real bitcoin but you sir are a SHILL
that would be the iron curton i was talking about.
How about you go look that up and come back ok?
Focus especially hard on the Japanese market :)
>shilling bitcoin cashGreat.
Keep buying the alt coins, which crypto investors use to channel money into BTC.
My phone's customized ads often advertise this one ad that says "Click here to learn about the NEXT bitcoin!
"People are paying MONEY for advertisements about altcoins.
Think about that.
That means, its in a lot of people's interest that Bitcoin specifically keeps going up.
The altcoins pump and dump, and the money is dumped into bitcoin.
Altcoins are like parasitic leeches that suck the money out of the dumb and then feed back to BTC.You can shill reddit if you want but fuck off of 4chan, these boys are my homies and they deserve to know the truth.
Just buy bitcoin, stay clear of all else and enjoy the money!
you're either a retard that bought in high during the pnd or you just bought in on this dead cat and are already starting to realize your mistake
OP no matter how much logic you present the BTC maximalists won't listen and I'll tell you why.They have all convinced themselves that holding 1BTC will eventually make them millionaires.
I can understand why given BTC performance in the past.
We all wish we had bought a shit ton 7 years ago and held.Many of them have no real talent or intelligence so their only hopes of ever "making it" rely on BTC going to 100 trillion market cap.
This is the dream they tell themselves every night to continue wagecucking and not hanging themselves.What's sad is that while BTC is shit, crypto and blockchain are really great technologies with a big future and if the BTC tards would pull their head out of their ass they could still make it.But instead they will receive the ultimate JUST in the history of the crypto community when they literally lose everything overnight.
We tried to warm them many times but alas they were destined to be poorfags.
they literally lose everything overnight.Whats a stop loss order.
I don't think BTC will be around forever, thats what stop loss orders are for.
You can shill reddit if you want but fuck off of 4chan, these boys are my homies and they deserve to know the truth.
Just buy bitcoin, stay clear of all else and enjoy the money!Since when did we have so many corecucks here?
This was always an altcoin board for the majority of 2017.
If you actually joined us in our altcoin moon missions you'd have profited more.
This recent bitcoin bullrun was absolutely pathetic compared to ETH, ANS/NEO, OMG, WTC even if you include their current dip in price.
REEE I HAVE A HUGE REPTILE PHOBIA PLS DONT POST THIS AGIAN REEEEEEEE
Better stay away from the jews then.
But seriously, ti's a cute snek
Most hodlers don't trust exchanges and have no interest in day trading or swing trading so they keep their BTC on a hardware wallet.
They won't have a stop loss set and won't have time to get their BTC onto an exchange.Also stop losses aren't perfect.
The ETH flash crash down to $1 proves that.
This past week has revealed a lot of corecuckery.
It appears to be organized and probably paid, they repeat the same garbage emotional arguments
I hodl both BTC and BCH; aka kept my BCH after the fork.
Not interested in swingtrading at all.
But I want to say a big thank you to all the posters like OP who shamelessly shill their heavy BCH bags here because the BTC/BCH war constantly pumps money away from alts into the two Bitcoin Coins.
I wake up to new ATH‘s of my portfolio practically everyday.
Please continue.
Yeah I suppose the people who didn't sell their BCH are sitting at a combined value of over 9k right now.
You will end up winning either way, but I personally think if you sold BTC for BCH you would make 10x the gains in the long run.
Dinosaur coin shills are scripted as hell, just count how many times they say "store of value" in every thread.
I agree, the chances of getting a 10x with betting on BCH are real.
But on the other hand, the risks are very real as well, and while I enjoy crypto I want to go to bed without the fear of waking up a pink wojak.
BTC and BCH combined gave me almost a 10x performance this year - and /biz/ is the only place on earth where people would actually call this bad.
for fucks sake man I hate to be a spelling nazi but learn the difference between your/you're and there/they're/theirI agree with your sentiment though.
Fuck BTC
That was one exchange, and they have since fixed it.
You're right.
I am afraid.
But I'm not any less afraid of BCH.
Honestly, what truly terrifies me is that this battle of the behemoths will end up crashing the market, and actually useful and revolutionary alt coins will suffer the consequences.
Both BTC and BCH shills seem absolutely deluded.
One side is of the opinion that their bloated artefact will go up forever and somehow the entire market will become billionaires because they put chump change into one bloated currency, while the other side is full of idiots salty about missing the BTC rise and are deluded enough to think that BCH will replace BTC 1:1, even though it is nothing but a linearly scaled version of the same fucking technology they claim is unscalable and obsolete.If there was a way to let both BTC and BCH die while divorcing them from the rest of the market, that's the camp I would belong to.
Sadly, that is absolutely impossible with the way things stand right now.
If there was a way to let both BTC and BCH die while divorcing them from the rest of the market, that's the camp I would belong to.There is.
The flippening, if it involves BTC chain death spiral, will cause people to become apprehensive about miner politics and manipulation on POW blockchains.The damage caused to "alts" is grossly overestimated.
The vast majority of people who will run away from crypto alltogether and thus tank total crypto marketcap were never going to do anything else than hodl BTC anyway.The people who are into crypto in general and would consider putting shekels into any other crypto are likely to flee into other cryptocurrencies rather than the USD.There is also the issue for many that cashing out for them is legally unfeasible.There will be a minor period where outside "investment" into crypto might be lowered, but the hype generated by actually useful platforms and services based on blockchain technology in 2018 will quickly turn that around and there will be a new investment golden age.There won't come any better moment than now to shed BTC and BCH.
This is the time right before crypto starts getting seriously integrated in economies in ways beyond just being a currency.