We are sitting on the cusp of the technological revolution that will shape the 21st century.
We have finally cracked the problem of transfer of value.
It has been 3000 years since the Greeks and Chinese started minting coins, but here we are.
We have finally made a way to instantly transmit value to one another across the planet and states, without the need for an intermediary central authority, and with the security of trust between the two parties.I know that we all love to shill, FUD and play with our shitcoins, but fuck boys, they will look at us in 500 years, point, and say that we were the breakout generation.Boomers hate us because they will be despised for eternity.
We will rise from the ashes that they have left us in.
The 8 stages of civilisation can be set out as:1.
From bondage to spiritual faith; 2.
From spiritual faith to great courage;3.
From courage to liberty; 4.
From liberty to abundance; 5.
From abundance to complacency; 6.
From complacency to apathy; 7.
From apathy to dependence; 8.
From dependence back into bondageWe are already at stage 8.
Debt serfs that serve no purpose apart from being wageslaves to prop up the debt cycle.
We are the primal movers which will rest us back to stage 1.
We will make it boys.
We all will.
Quality quality post Anon.
you and the HST megathread OP.
bless you two.
Literally thought this last night.The people who came up with the idea of coins and the dollar were so proud of themselves.
But we are at stage 7-8 like OP said.
and it will be awesome when wealth can return to the people, when education isnt a game of playing for trust(through paying for a degree), but a system of proof and an age of many people who are solely internet educated and have higher than the last few decades IQ's.Open source will become profitable for a large amount of people and a universal income will bring the world into its next stage of technological advancement.
Once gen X gets on board and stops shrugging it off, we will truly see the biggest transfer of wealth since the gold rush.
And i'm in college.
So that isnt a drop-outs opinion.
We have finally cracked the problem of transfer of value>We>Claiming to be Satoshi
We being humans.You sub-human cuck.
This is a high quality post, OP.
Not sure what it's doing on /biz/
Steps 1-4 require lots of blood, sweat, and tears.
I wager that most of the cucks on this board will not survive.
Indeed, the powers that be will not go quietly into the night.
At the moment they are playing the ridicule card, but deep down they know their time is ticking away.
Do you think a massive transfer of wealth and undermining of the rules of the current system will go peacefully?Of course not.
They will try to infiltrate us.
If that fails they will try to silence us by whatever means necessary.
However, technology may be the guiding light which overwhelms the attempts they make.
Look at England.
In 1381 after the plague wiped out half of the population, landlords could not control their serfs that demanded higher wagers due to value of labour booming.
That resulted in the peasants' revolt, which saw the leaders of the rebellion all hunted down and killed.If they succeeded, the entire feudal system would have collapsed.It only collapsed 500 years later when technology allowed meagre men to invest their capital into new machines and factories in the industrial revolution, creating an entire new class of society.
This is history repeating itself.
Banks and establishment are the luddites of today.
the knights templar were using crypto to transfer wealth 1000 years ago
mfw 2025
Approved.This image shall go down as our shared moment of epiphany or as a dank meme when it all crashes into oblivion