So yeah, I've been long enough in the game that events like these don't even faze me.August fork, China FUD and dump, segwit2x fork, the "Altcoin genocide".
And now BCH attempt at flippening.
Is that all you got?
Cmon, bring it!
My hodl bags are ready.
but how much money have you made?
Touché, I invested around 0.80 BTC backthen.
With various tradings, successes and mistakes, I ended up with around 0.83 BTC as of this moment.I might be too cautious and that cost me some of the wild rides, but it also prevented me from losing everything.
Slow and steady wins the game; play safe!
Touché, I invested around 0.80 BTC backthen.
With various tradings, successes and mistakes, I ended up with around 0.83 BTC as of this moment.lmao you made 0.03 bitcoin in 6 months and now you think you are some kind of pro and think people will listen to your adviceare you some kind of pajeet or what
hey that's better than most of the fags here
Don't forget the Bilzerian crash, made a lot of money there
this.Good job OP, so long as your bitcoin balance doesn't decrease it's a win.
You invest a small percentage of your entire portfolio in the ride, dumby.
Literally got in the game by mining litecoin back in 2014, mined dogecoin, traded both for bitcoin and held for 4 years until just yesterday when I went into bcash.
Went from $0 to $50k doing absolutely nothing.There are others that are far beyond me but .03 btc is nothing, I make that in a day at work.
I started on Tuesday in crypto with a small $270 investment and now my portfolio value is $580.
What the fuck is the matter with you?
BCH trading by the way.
what the fuck is the matter with you, poorfag?
As others stated, I might be same in BTC but in $ I made some profit.
Not only that, but experience as well.
Whole portfolio is not entirely in BTC, so I'm hedging half of it in altcoins that are poised for skies in 2018.
Gotta stop being in the poorfag mindset at some point, and my point was Tuesday.
I've been long enough in the game>August fork onwardsKek newfag
reddit
>I've been long enough in the gamehas less than 1 btc.
LOL
Currently I hodl OMG, NEO mostly, some ZEN, FCT for longterm.
I made mistake on CVC and SNGLS, bought them too early, liked the project but it had almost no marketing and didn't accept my losses on time.
So they kidna pickle until they gain value.My best advice is to not fear taking profits.
I didn't sell OMG when it was 0.028-0.025 because I thought it won't dip lower than 0.015.Also, don't be too attached to a coin if it's not AAA quality.
If it ends up -10%, sell it and buy when it dips lower.
It's like a game of Hearthstone - randomness suck, but it is important to have consistency, more wins than losses.
Also, I don't look at BTC in $, because one day it will be worth much more.
just convinced me to sell my btc thanks OP
I lost more money than necessary in the 2013 mtgox crash by not hodling.
After that I bought a big stack at 300 and have been iron handing ever since.
i bet you are one of those guys who doesn't use deathwing in every deck
Started in June with $100>Barely done anything moving between BTC, ETH, and a quick bump from BAY when it was viable and at $1800 today, switching to BACK and making mad gainsChrist how in the most bull market did you gain so little?
Inexperience, good sir.
It took me a while to realise that hodl is a meme, there has to be a time to sell and cut potential losses.For BCH, I'm not concerned.
If it comes close to overthrowing BTC, I'll just switch over to it by 1:1 ratio.
BCH raises too many red flags for me, so I'll rather be safe than sorry.