U might remember my thrd yesterday , below is progress report for day 1.Biz telling me get some gains on day trade and put that back in crypto, I carried away then , fuck my req not moving at all, so lets sell it and do some day trade , get those extra money improve stack, this is basic idea, so mission started.step 1: move all mew req to Binance, sell all time low which got me 35 ETHstep 2: wow ppl talking good about about BCC and QST, lets ride with them put half/half.step 3: BCC I entered 1200$Step 4 : QST I entered at 19 centwatched it for an hour or so , QST is at 21 and BCC at 1400.holy fuck day trading is easy, already had 10-15% gain.
Lunch breakAfter lunch, back to fucking laptop screenStep 5: BCC at 1400, QST 19-20 cent, well good, It may go 40 cent due friday newsStep 6..10, browse retard biz threadsafter few hours, Step 11, holy fuck QST dropping , lets wait some time then dinnerstep 12: wow, QST dropping, lets drop my bags same price iI brought, done in MinuteStep 13: ok this is Stressful , lets check what my REQ is doing, then ETH.
holyshit, they improved 30%, where daytrading shit only at 20% all day stressStep 13: browse biz, all off sudden Binance added FUEL, with in a min brought FUEL with the amount I sold for QST.Step 14, another two hours, fuck FUEL dropping, panic.
and sold FUEL with 40% loss.This is fucking insane man.
lost 4k with this shit and lot of stress.
what to do now Anon?
fucking I lost req stack, now ETH moved up.
I have half stack in bcc, now I am in fear that I may get pickwojjot for bcc.
y u told me Biz day trading is easy,?
dont hold any coin, just daytrade improve stack.
I should not have listened u idiots.
learn to use stop losses before you even begin day trading please
no man, I think this I cant take any more.
Yesterday I felt stressful day in my life.
I dont want to fuck around in day trade for quick gains.
I feel throw money on some promising proj and hold.
wagefucckking is so easy than this shit.
btw, But I dont see any stop loss option in binance, so we have to watch all day and stop loss
im currently day trading with stops, stress is reduced greatlyif that's true, move to bittrex or poloniex
You didn't daytrade, you dumped random money: gambling