Do we need Satoshi to come back now more than ever?
Wouldn't his guidance and wisdom clarify things for the community.
Will he ever resurface.
either hes dead or its craig
no his/her/its emergence would just give people an opportunity to point at figures and name names.
the true anonymity of bitcoin's creator is its strongest and most important feature.
its a AI network living in the Block chain
Satoshi is theymos
Imagine the shitstorm if just a single one of his bitcoins moved.
Nigger, he's holding for the long game as you and all here on this board should be too.That is, until Bitcoin is outright spendable for real goods everywhere, or is a reserve currency.Side thought, Satoshi essentially also becomes richer and richer with every fork, getting his near 5% share of THAT chain as well.
FBI/CIA
It's really not it's "most important feature" but it does give a cool deal of mysteriousness to bitcoin as well as a good creation myth.
Also you forgot one more pronoun: their
Hes far more useful to his vision as an enigma.
Blockchain is his brain child and im sure his prime motivation is its success, rather than profit.
Coming back would be an act of vanity.
MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI!
MINISTER!
not if he uses it to tip scales in favour of one side of a war he has strong convictions about and then just vanishes again without comment.
implying bitcoin isn't government made
WHAT THE FUCK DOES TO THIS MEAN?
Wouldn't his guidance and wisdom clarify things for the community.No.
Read Dostoevsky's 'The Great Inquisitor'
I've honestly wondered this.
Is Bitcoin Roko's Basilisk?
Using his identity to manipulate a consensus would undermine one of the core fundamentals of bitcoin.
MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI!MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI!MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI!
Imagine if Satoshi's BTC or BCH suddenly sold and caused BTC or BCH to plummet.Would be an ebin event.
it's not though, it's a stakeholder playing their hand, just like any other stakeholder.
MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI!
yes this is what i think would be interestingalso i think they will say in the future when trying to promote bch as main net.
they will point out how gaven was the person satoshi gave keys too and was last person satoshi talked with
NEO YOU, DA HONG FEI!!
MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI!
Yeah, sure Craig.
Maybe if he had a stroke which resulted in a personality change and a serious IQ drop.
Have you ever compared the writings of those two?
Satoshi is now into Ayn Rand, Nietzsche for the subnormal.
only way I can see he is, is if he's playing 4d chess.
* Make an incredible claim to get press and attention and raise your profile, but make it look like it's bullshit.
* Follow it up by actually moving the coins and settling the issue for good.
Now if anyone moves against you it will be extremely visible, and you'll also have removed all doubt.Still don't find it very likely on balance of all the probabilities.
If he is though, BTC is *utterly fucked*.
It's Dave Kleiman and Craig, craig was just the business man and Dave the engineer

at this point the only logical explanation is that he was paranoid as fuck and told nobody who he is then died later on
The greatest trick Satoshi played was getting everybody, even hard core Bitcoin fanboys, to hate him.Have you looked at Craig's math knowledge though?He's really fucking clever, but a total autist.Just the sort of guy who would have tried to remain anonymous.
Satoshi has been dead for years bro