>normie wage slave co worker tells me $3 million is nowhere near enough money to stop working
Probably true.
We live too long.
50k a year for 60 years?
the absolute state of /biz/
Hes right tho
OP's plan involved putting the 3 million in a zero interest checking account or box and simply withdrawing 50k to use every year there aren't other options you could passively use to increase that

depends on the interest you're making on it, but even a very conservative 1% is $30,000 which is enough to live in a shed with 256Mbps internet, so depends also on your quality of lifedon't forget about interest income taxes though
very conservative 1% annually year time horizon>US 30 year treasury yield 2.96%wagecucks will really go above and beyond to defend this notion it seems.
Im from spain and I could live forever with 1 million €Not everyone lives in Scamcity, US.
You could have $90,000 annually with a 3% risk-free GIC without even needing to touch the principal
Yeah if you live in San Franciscuck
Slave worker tells you, you cant stop working
Buy cheap land>Build a moderately sized house>Do lots of work on it yourself>Create a vegetable garden>Buy chickens n shit>Live comfy for the rest of your life as you watch materialistic society collapse
This guy gets it
$3 mil is def enough money to quit your boring job and live off investments.
You fucking made it.
He's right.
I'd need another 750k to pull it off comfortably.3.4 million would secure me to pull in about 20-25k a year annually in stock dividends, and the rest would go towards buying a house, outfitting it with solar, buying a vehicle, and setting up a college fund for my son.The remainder from there would have me covered for a few years of taxes and rolling through CD interests to make sure we're good to go for unexpected medical expenses too.
I have relatives that have more money than that but they're financially stupid so they have No idea that they could be living off the interest if they put it in a vanguard fund earning 8% a year .
They're assholes so I keep that info to myself ahahahaha
Fuck.
$1million is enough if you don't have an expensive lifestyle and don't want to live somewhere expensive.
3 million is way more than enough.
put 2 million into an index fund and make like $60-100k passive income off that with 1million usd in the bank as cash.
1-4million usd is my cashout range when I sell half my crypto and diversify
Just move out of the metro areas.
Find a place with good internet and pay off a house in full.I don't understand what lifestyle this guy wants to live where 3 million isn't enough?
Luxury cars and all that shit is a total scam and it's primarily to get girls with the secret being is that none of that really matters.
Women aren't attracted to money, they are attracted to natural born Chads.
Guys with dominant personalities.NEET lifestyle with money is GOAT.
Just eat right, workout, play vidya, read great books on the world, go out to cheap watering holes/restaurants.
Chat up girls or pay for it.Why does one need more than 3 million for that?
It depends where you live.
Move to Thailand and you can live like a king for 200 years.
Move to flyover country.
Cities are extremely overrated.
So much 'diversity' and the lean thin girls are stuck up as hell.
Flyover country has white people aka civil non criminal people.
If I had 3 million I would move to a nice Minnesota town and NEET.
1million usd in the bank as cash.Retard detected
You're right about this.
Hyper inflation is looming on the horizon.
Hence Bitcoin.
I'm 29 years old and retired off of 450k.
I live off 15k per year.
It's not that difficult.
Wageslave normies get into tons of debt every year so it might be hard for them.
there are more black in flyover states than anywhere outside them brainlet
Moving to the middle of nowhereFuck that I'd rather live in middle of nowhere in the northeast where I could drive to somewhere populated in under an hour
I'm 294.5m net worth no debtkill your selfyou lazy failurei'm not retiring enjoy being broke bitch
He’s right you know, $5m is the new $1m.
Take into account price inflation when you make your calculations
life revolves around girls
maybe you can spend some of that money on learning how to chill out
Nice larp
thats my dream.
I want to move somewhere out in middle america away with some mountains , desert, lakes, Live comfy.
Buy some guns, .
maybe find i a nice slightly chubby girl who can cook.
i want to move to some penthouse apartment in a major city and just throw wild parties where everyone just drinks and smokes weed and does cocaine and fucks and then passes out on my floor every night
...or maybe you invest your money and live off dividends or whatever.
i'm not retiringYou've so much money but you're still such a poor fag.
Sad!
In 29 and retiring with 1kMy gf pays for everything while I'm getting rich gambling on crypto.
I've only lost 40k so far, but I think I'm really going to turn it around buying BCH at the top.
tfw half of /biz/ just wants to live like the Unabomer with internet Comfy/10
Well, a small house in Toronto costs 1 mill.So, I guess you have 2 mill for interest.
Which is probably 2k per month with interest.
Which is half of what an average person earns.You can live with that easy.
Depends on age and lifestyle choices.