and now, just a few days later, they will hear it is in its dying breaths.
how do you explain that to a normie?
they will think you are fucking retarded for investing in this shit.
are you implying that there is anything wrong with siphoning money from normie retards
yeah it got replaced with a fork of bitcoin>we all have the same amount of bch as btc and we didn't sell our forked coins so we lost nothingoh wait i forgot you guys are all fucking retards
I'm a retard and I'm buying in for the first time in my life.
You're invited to my yacht parties, OP.
>implying I still have money in this shit
and now, just a few days later, they will hear it is in its dying breaths.I'll explain to them its already happened three times in the last 6 months and recovered every time?
im implying that normies will stay the hell out of krypto once they learn its not just a stable way up and that you constantly have to monitor charts to not lose all your money in just a few days.
bitcoin has just lost its usecase (store of value).
its a shitcoin now and shitcoins arent worth holding.
its a shitcoin now and shitcoins arent worth holding.How many times have people said that now this year with each 'crash?'
Fuck the normies, if you noticed people still bought stocks after the Great Depression, after dot com bust, after 2008 housing collapse.
Normies are stupid and forget easily that’s why they are normies
how do you explain that to a normie?
they will think you are fucking retarded for investing in this shit.>talking to normiesyou fucked up bro.
just nod and smile at the appropriate times and never reveal your power level.
normies live in their own world it is not your place to interfere with their existence.
you are allowed to observe but it's wrong to interact in ways that will alter the evolution of their species.
unironically this
bitcoin was never meant as a store of value, the corecucks get what they deserved, bch is the new king
How does a price correction lead you to believe that it is no longer a store of value?
the flippening will occur, it cant be stopped anymore, im dead certain of this.bch will be new king, but it will be a very weak king that may lose other coins anytime now.
You wont.This went too far.China FUD was acceptable.
We ban bitcoin ni hao.
Day later : Nah, just kidding.But this shitshow was disgusting whale pump.
It cost both BTC and BCH credibility.ETH is the winner here.
You're certain of this but back in august bch price hit .27 bitcoin, now it barely hits .22.
If not then, why now?
Tell them about MACD and show them a chart using 1 day candles.