I just looked at my blockfolio with disgust.
The date is October 12 and LINK is worth more than 40 cents.
I had bought LINK at ICO so this is basically x4, my portfolio was worth 1.4 BTC (I started with a measly $700) and everything was great, I was on top of the world.
Because of all these feelings, I did not fucking sell.
I don't know why, I don't know what I expected to happen but I did not sell.
Then SIBOS happened, it became 50 cents for a brief moment, then the rest is history you all know it.I am still holding my measly 11k LINK bag, it's not worth much anymore but I still hold it for some reason.
I am not even interested in crypto anymore, I look at all these moon missions, all these anons getting excited about pumps and I feel nothing.
My joy is dead, my energy is gone and I am unironcally thinking about cashing out to fiat all together and leave the crypto market because it just isn't worth it and the golden days are gone.What do you guys think, tell me I'm not crazy please.
Seems like link has been bought from some of the top 100 wallets think it will moon anyway hodl
Ah, normies, going all-in on their first trade.You need to diversify your bonds, nigga.
You got no business playing with anything but BTC and ETH until you learn what's what in crypto.
>linkiejust buy nuls, you had so many chances.
If you are really so disinterested, just keep it in LINK.
Unless you desperately need that money for something, just forget about it.
Maybe it fucking moons and you.
One back and that bag is worth 100k.
Or maybe it's shit and you lose most of it.
Worth the risk imo.
Just forget about the bags and just live life without crypto bullshit and come back in a year.
And by "playing" I mean "holding for a year or two"
i know that feel OPcome join the hugboxwe should all get together for a massive, autistic chimpout before we off ourselveslets put the fear of god into these normies
honestly the worst thing you could do is leave crypto.i chose to leave for almost 2 years, sold out and fucked myself on x20000 gainz.never completely leave.
or go all in on anything.
yeah but that was when crypto was stil good and people were making gainsits all ogre now fuck>tfw you just want to be rich
I was not all in, I had some other coins too like OMG but I sold them.
I started in June, the worst time to start but I still did alright.
I bought ANS very low and sold for x2 gains then it turned into NEO and mooned.
I suppose that's why I didn't sell LINK come to think about it, I missed one moon mission by leaving early then died in the shuttle in the next as a result..
You could just leave a couple of thousands you don't need in projects you really took your time and researched.
But if you broadly spread your money across shitcoins you will not make it.
Yes, even shitcoins pump from time to time, but they usually retrace and don't make you x100.Most important thing to remember always and to get it in your head: YOU DON'T GET RICH OVER NIGHT YOU DON'T GET RICH BY DAYTRADING SHIT AND TRYING TO TIME THE MARKET EVERY TEN MINUTESWhy?
Because x100 doesn't happen in 1 day and daytrading will make you do 10h labor and if you're not really killing it, statistically you'll lose almost equal amount the more trades you're doing.Just look at Vertcoin 1 year ago.
It is now x100.
Could have thrown in 1k and done nothing but waiting.
There you go 100k.
The reason why people are not making money is because of their retarded ADHD degenerate mindset.
"Ohh, +10% or -10%, I better sell and take my profits or cut my losses!"
Yeah, nice but you will not make it this way.The only people that got rich were those who held.
I repeat.
Only people that held BTC/ETH/NEO/whatever else good project got rich.
And not just 1 week.
Also not with holding shitcoins.
Hold solid stuff, don't mind it for 1-2 years.
THEN you have a real chance of making it if you don't sell at the first +50% only to lose it with other shitcoins again.
Also weather the generic FUD.
The market won't die suddenly.
There is too much future usage.
And what if?
Yeah, then some money is gone and you didn't win the lottery.
So fuck it.
Also timing the market is gambling.
Can work out some times, but can also assfuck you hard.
Holding is usually zero risk if you wait long enough.
There is a reason why Warren Buffet has his famous quote.
Because it is true.
This shit is why I now exclusively use TA.
I don't even WANT to know anything about the shitcoins I'm trading beyond bare basics or relevant dates.
I used to think like that too anon but then LINK dumped straight on to me and now I don't know what to think
First: Then you start not buying ATH because on a small time frame you will always lose if you do that.
So it is your fault to chose a shitty entry pointl.
Second: Then you start expanding your time frame from 2 months to 2 years and not cry like a baby when your coin that is not even 2 months(?)
old drops.Third: buy more and cost average, since it clearly bottomed out around 0.15-0.20$.
Optional: You can sell that amount if you like as it starts rising.
Please leave this board or maybe even the world.
if you haven't much money, you go all inif you have much money, you diversifytake risks, because risk is proportional to potential success
Would you be willing to slide me some of that tasty LINK?
My bags are 100% empty.
:[
But I'm making so much more monies now ^^Seriously, most of you faggots aren't 'accumulating' at these low prices.
You're bag holding at -50% and don't have the balls to advantage of the volatility to get more.
Most of you aren't even dumping in more fiat.And when this finds a nice bottom and a trend reversal is confirmed chad will swoop in and buy and when you get to break even chad will be at 5x already ^^
Are we in a general good entry point for alts or should we wait a little?
CME news are huge and that could spike Bitcoin price to infinity, therefore ass fucking alts to hell.
Sorry, can't even bring myself to argue with you because my brain cells are threatening to commit suicide.
Maybe next time kiddo.Well, the problem with LINK was the FOMO and the seriously unnecessary pump that resulted out of it with SIBOS and the frustration afterwards because the team is not so communicative but rather tends to work on a functioning product and not babysetting some ADHD degenerates.
You watch coins for a longer period, at least 4-8 weeks if you seriously think about investing.
Yeah, maybe it is too late then, but then you chose another coin, so what.
Whoever chose around 0.15-0.18$ entry point is set to hold.
Also new coins just never go x100 in a matter of days or weeks, even though things move fast usually you have lots of preparation time to grab coins at low prices.
Just look at the fucking charts.
You just don't buy fucking coins that did x3 or x5 in a matter of days.
It is just dumb.
Then you eternally baghold without profits.I'd say now after 2 months of observing and with all the news revolving around the coin and seeing how it is outside of biz quite under the radar, this will be a promising hold for the next 3-6 months.
Just never FOMO into ATH pumps.
Never ever.
The risk is just never worth it.
I was in the same position granted different coin and I could have had 0.25btc but I didn't now I have 0.08.
Biggest regret yet.
I'm hoping POSW will get me back to those levels.
It's because you know the reality- your buy in is not big enough for a moon mission.You got super lucky and would have had 10k, which is the minimum buy in to make it, but you blew it by not selling a meme coin.My minimum investment in any coin is 20k.
It's the only way to go.
"Link is meme coin">buys other coins than BTC/ETHThis is so sad.
I wish I could just timeskip 1-2 years and assfuck you degenerate dimwits with some niggers I pay to do so.
I've turned 55k into 1.7MM dollars in under a year.
What have you done faggot?Oh yeah, nothing.
KYS
Strategies?
Chase pumps, be lucky.
I know faggots who made a million buying DGB, it doesn't mean shit
1 post by this idNo one asked you
Oh, the average larping tard.
Just fuck off, mamaboy.
I'm sure there were people who bought BTC for pennies, didn't sell when it hit $1000 then watched it drop as far as to $100.Just forget about it for a year and come back to literal millions if you have over 10k links.
Yeah I got burnt with this, but  is kind of right, you won't make big money with small capital unless you take big risks.
Also weather the generic FUD.
The market won't die suddenly.I try to do this but this Tether shit has me itching to bail out entirely in case of a complete crash.
Fucking FUD.
been wanting to read a post like this on biz since august