But...Shouldn't it be "more profitable for miners" thing?
is this ironic?
read thishttps://pastebin.com/D09wHy2W
wtf is this weak ass shit obviously written by 1 person
doesnt matter who wrote it or why, the logic stands to reason and if you cant get it its because youre a corecuck brainlet
The logic has potential.That fanfic doesn't.
it is so dramatic...i like it
written your mom if you want written
Last night i came to this same conclusion.
After that you need to answer one question to guess the outcome.Wich side has more money?
Bcash team, or btc team?
Answer is btc team and they can dump bch out of existence any second.
And i think its just a matter of time until someone dumps against thos huge bch's huge 0.1 buy walls
variable difficulty will saturate and ultimately fucks the value of the coinLow difficulty = more coins on the market than needs to be.
its not necessarily up to that.
bch price has been very stable for the last 36 hours or so.
if the markets want bch that would be enough to push it up
Whale here with 532 BTC.
I will pump and dump shitcoin trash if that gook tries to pull something.Don't forget that kikes back Bitcoin core, and you can't beat the Jews.
532 BTCkek thats nothing
It's more than enough when you look at the active liquidity, kiddo.Besides, I don't expect to be the only one dumping on this shitcoin.
my744XivWPJhj5qnE6zFurueoLyV5xdgot some to spare for a desperate college student stuck on a cleaning job during weekend in order to pay the bills?
BCH overshot in block rate due to way-too-low difficulties.
Miners are now mostly back on BTC.Due to the way the new algo works, the BCH will continuously ring down to equilibrium like shown.
gibsmedatsKill yourself, Bernie.You want advice?
Quit your job and put all your remaining money into crypto pump and dumps.
Never hold, use BTC or ETH as a store of value, and keep doubling your money until you make it.Also, if you're an ideas man, enlist the help of CS students to help launch a new ICO.
You want advice?
Quit your job and put all your remaining money into crypto pump and dumps.
Never hold, use BTC or ETH as a store of value, and keep doubling your money until you make it.Someone has to lose for everyone that wins though right...
Yeah usually, so don't be one of the losers.Always buy the dip, but never hold after the recovery.
Buy the pumps, but keep profit taking on the way up.
Always set stop losses.
Never hold any shitcoin for more than a day.
think again kike
Good lord that is the most sperged out thing ive ever read
see