ALL IN ARK https://medium.com/@arkaces/ark-aces-encoded-listener-and-service-api-specifications-released-94412634ede
ARK VM OMFG
Cuck
priced in
$5 next week, cause mobile walletssource: slack
Great, now mobile wallets and ARKVM and we go straight to 100$ per ark
$5 January, still time to accumulate.
HOLY FUCK COINMARKETCAP GOING TO START LISTING ARK DOMINANCE IN NEXT TWO HOURS BUY SELL BUY SELL BUY SELL BUY
Is there still time to trade some ark swings or is this thing mooning now ?
ArkVM won't be finished for at least 6 monthsThat's okay though, something to look forward to
I'm seriously getting pissed by this bullshit.
Can they give us some fucking time to accumulate?
you've had 2 months of bleeding to accumulate
-come-on-now
nice part about Ark is there is only time to accumulate!
I'm averaging down my entry points from 120k to 117 sats!
At this rate I'll be selling my newborn to asian businessmen to be pissed on because i can't afford formula and my wife killed herself.
thank you Ark!
4349996I only got involved one month ago.
I only have so much $ at a time.I'll get a Christmas bonus of $3-4k post-tax and I want to put it all in Ark but if it's over $3 then I won't.
I just hope I can get to 5k before the engines light
but if it's over $3I have some bad news for you anonhow many do you have now?
,300. :(
ARK is eventually going $10+, plus you'll get compounding interest if you've joined a delegate.
$3 is really a bad cutoff.
Why would you not just because it's 3$?Still going up.
that's still an alright amountand it doesn't mean you should stop buying just because it's over $3Long term this is a good hold, as long as the devs actually do what they say they're gonna do
There will be a day when $3 in Ark will look like $100 per BTC.
I suggest you buy in, print your wallet, keep it under lock and key and forget about it until that day arrives.
stuttering potheads
*$3 per Ark.
What should I sell for ARK?
pls no bully
4350136It's not so much that $3 per Ark is too much to pay, it's about the number I can get.
With $3k, I can only get 1,000 Ark.
At $2.50, I could get a whopping 1,200.
But yeah, it's silly I know.
Thanks for the push, guys.I think I am going to go the Nano S route.
I can still do that and stake, right?
I don't know about Req so I'm not gonna tell you to sell ithonestly I'd sell BCCI'd also sell Link but I really don't feel like getting into an argument because Link holders always come into ARK threads
Arkies, you guys are the best community in /biz/ by far.
I wish only moon missions for you, you're the only proud altmarines left.
Stay strong.t.
noarkie
thanks pham
Yes you can stake with a nano s, I already am
Ark may also never again drop down to $2.50, and there's a chance that Ark will stay above $3 permanently, so that would be under 1000 Ark.
It's a shit show, I know, which is why you should just buy and not worry about it.
Just don't want to see it stick to $3.50 and you only getting 850 when you could have got 1000.
faggot arkieone day you fags are going overdose on your Lsd and kys, biz will be better for
4348850you guys are so cute it's hilarious
show us what coins you hold before you insult others thanksinb4 link
btc, omg, lsk, 0x, amznsorry guys, i fud ark because there's just not enough happening soon for it to start the next wave up.
until VM is closer its not touching $5-10 range imo
Ark is literally the worst crypto project in my opinion.
The site is absolutely garbage.
It's marketed towards normies.
It doesn't do anything special.Plz drop your bags.
Get out before it's too late.
Get out before it's too late.
p-please sell me cheap Ark
i knew you hold lisk the mentioning of LSD gave it away
who should I stake with?
Biz_classic or Jarunik?Jarunik has higher profits but biz_classic lets me get the faucet bonus
I have 117 ARK btw
NoFuckingWaySo you're telling me the almost fucking year it hasn't fucked mooned yet?Jesus FuckingChrist I did not realize this at all, this is all a surprise to all of us on /biz/ I am definitely shocked right now, I have to brainstorm for a moment to decide whether I should take out the Ark I purchased from these fine posts that have been being spammed daily on /biz/ for nearly a year.
Both are good, though I would go with biz because he has a loyalty bonus that ups your rewards over time.
Maybe Jarunik has that too though, not sure
youre confusing me are you trying to shill or are you trying to FUD
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/a9NnkNePREPARE YOURSELVES FOR THE BARKENING
4350730Oh faucets, nvm continue you're shit.
Damn fella that is some fancy TA you got there.
$10 by January 31st
honestly i couldnt really understand what he was sayingi also just finished eating a banana that wasnt quite ripe all the wayim sad now
I'm eating a fucking delicious cranberry turkey wrapIf that makes you feel better
T H E
C O N F E R E N C E
L A S T
Thoughts on liquidating LTC and ETH for more Ark?
sell 1.19 ETH1.23 NEOand 24.67 LTC
Please don't tell me the Ark is leaving yetI'm waiting on my paycheck AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Oh yeah we leavin soon my niggaz
I  my NEO desu.
I'm all about passive income (a shocker given this thread, I'm sure).
I do have .23 on the exchange still I could sell.Any reason not to sell 100% of my LTC and ETH?
Ark is p much guaranteed to at least double, no?
Seems very unlikely LTC doubles, and almost possible ETH doubles, in such a short timeframe.
That's not even counting staking.
I'd still keep at least a few ETH and LTC just in case but honestly I only hold BTC, NEO, and ARK so take that with a grain of saltlooking to diversify though
Thanks for the love anon
That is a good idea, solid logic buddy.
plebbit, the post
I would
ARK WILL GO NOWHERE LINK IS THE FUTUREDELUDED STUTTERING POTHEADS
What makes you think jarunik pays more?
His pool size is greater than biz which means more dilution and he only pays 85% versus biz's 90%
Kek, isn't the Link team ignoring you fags and not talking to any exchanges despite your requests?
ARK and LINKarent even competitors
Look at those buy walls... Shit.. WE MOONING BOOOOYS
Competitors for /biz/ official coin
Fuck dude I only have 5800, i need moar ark
I'm jealous, I only have 2650.
Reminder that the last two sextuplets were for Ark.4333333
I did it!
Nice job anon!
Thx!
Feels good.
I have 160
Excuse me?
does your Ark shitcoin have any corporate interest at all?
Its already overpriced at its current marketcap.Meanwhile LINK is getting praises from multibillion dollar IT companies (HCL Technologies, SWIFT, Gartner, Capgemini).
Confido is confirmed to use LINK and Request Network said its their current choice as an oracle.Tell me, what corporations and projects have expressed any interest in this Ark shitcoin that has a marketcap several times larger than LINK?
No one is going to buy your bags.
Can you linkfags stay in your 50 threads you create everyday Holy shit you guys are pathetic
It's not a contest dude.
Anyone else believe this could hit $1,000 by 2020?
Not shitposting.
4354251Love the responses.
Cant even defend their shitcoin compared to the glorious LINK.
If they hit every goal on their roadmap, it's possible.
Stinky linkie getting upset?
4354318You heretics will cry once we linkies are in the promised land.
LINK is the real ark that will be your salvation.
4354107like I said, they feel the need to come into EVERY Ark thread for no reasonLink makes up a quarter of the board's threads, pick one and stay in there
I could honestly see it.t.
deluded
I can see ark reaching whatever potential eth has and I believe eth could reach 1k.So yeah i believe it too.>Also deluded
I'm just tired of it being so lowI know I should accumulate more but I already have nearly 3k and if it ever reaches Eths current price then I could live off of my staked Ark easily.
And that doesn't even include the Ark I'd add to my stack along the way Ark hitting $10 in the next 3 months would make me feel a lot more comfortable
4k ARK hodler .
Will Be Feeling comfy this Xmass.
Currently hold 233 ARK and 7000 LINK.
Contemplating selling some of my LINK to buy ARK at least up to 400.
It's just that LINK market cap is so much lower that I think it's likely to outperform ARK at this price-point.
What are your thoughts fellow /biz/nessmen?
Sure.
LINK might have more room to grow (maybe not), but does LINK have a better chance at a rocket mission than ARK?
I have no doubt that ARK will ultimately have higher market cap, but it's nearly 5 times more expensive at the moment.
LINK needs to hit 650 million for a 10x, whereas for ARK that's 3 billion.
4355930If you dont think LINK has more potential rocket fuel than Ark then you're deluded.
Even if they were at the same marketcap LINK would have more reasons to pump harder.
* confirmed cooperation with large enterprises* possible partnership announcements* confirmed blockchain projects using it / interested in it* more practical use case (external data to smart contracts in a decentralized manner)
/2All this being only 1.5 months old.
Ark couldnt even compete with NEO and OMG in the alt bullrun season kek.
New coins normally are the ones that pump the hardest when its alt bullrun season.
Link is just an ERC20 token.
They are dime a dozen and it’s already had its pump so move on.
Whereas the Ark team are building an entire ecosystem and already have over 100 million usd in funding.
Much more potential with Ark.
Why are you in here
 t. brainlet using ERC20 token fudWhy is being even an ERC20 token a bad thing?
You fags got rekt by OMG kek a whitepaper ERC20 token project.
>Whereas the Ark team are building an entire ecosystem and already have over 100 million usd in funding.
Much more potential with Ark.An ecosystem that no one wants to use.
Ark has been trading longer than LINK, give me one corporate entity or blockchain project that is confirmed to use Ark or expressed interest in using Ark?
The problem Ark is trying to solve isnt even that crucial compared to the "oracle problem".
Ok i frankly dont care now go to a link thread and stay there
what's uuup
ch-cheched...
reddit spacing
realistic price predictions for ark?Looking to putting in 10k worth and coming back in a few years time.
By EOY 2018, $50 minimum.
In my opinion.By 2020?
The sky's the limit, if they pul through on their goals and the ecosystem is used.
10$ Q1 201850-100$ Q1 2019
$ eoy of 2018 easy1000$ eoy 2019
Really?
Cmon
If they deliver what they promised + crypto exposure to new users, these numbers are realistic
D E L U D E DELUDED
You seem to think that someones goin to buy your bags
Relax lol.
2020 more like it
Kek these price predictions reminds me of "dgb $1 end of June" you're all just talking out of your ass ahahaHAHAHAHA
Damn, should have sold those LINK for more ARK.
Got LINK'd.
except dgb is a utter shitcoin and Ark steadily rises 0/10 you remind me of digimarines that dont know how to cryptoget fucking rekt
DGB was a shitcoin pump n dump.Ark is a valuable long term hold, with a great team, good community, overall solid project, and steady growth that isn't done by PnD groups.Pic related is a sneak peak someone found today of the upcoming mobile wallet description for the site.
Ey mang, link and ark are both good coins
I'm not complaining
$ profit from ark miring
Ayyy boiii lmao...DGB will prevail in time...
what is so special about dgb ?
Fastest blockchain in the world, first to activate segwit2x, provides the difficulty scaling in BCH.
So kind of a lot
Ark is trying to solve isnt even that crucial compared to the "oracle problem".Do you even understand what that is?
no of course he doesn'tLinkfags think that Link and ARK are competing with each other and have no idea what ARK actually is
Man what is ark actually
go on their website and read about it dude or just look at any ARK thread in the archive
Dump your BCC already
I am a bit too drunk to read the white paper at the momentcan someone give me a tl;dr on what ark does?
It makes money