THE TRUTH BEHIND BITCOIN CASH - DONT GET FOOLED
Is he one of (((them)))?
this guy is a really good con-artist no doubt
thanks epic infographicjews control america and they wont let them in ??
so no he is the opposite
>mfw the BCH shills were talking positively about Roger and Jihan
Roger Ver is has beenFuck off Rhajesh.
Lol I made this last night when I was really tired.
Im posting a updated one later because I also fucked up "agricultural"
This is fucking fake.
Roger Ver is behind BTC you larping faggot
Scam coin of all scam coins
Uhhh this is literally his most recent tweet.
Learn before you buy.
ROGER VER IS EVIL AND IS THE REASON BTC HAS BEEN CRASHIG FUCK THIS GOY
Roger Ver is behind BTC you larping faggothi, welcome to [current year] please adjust your internal programming.
holy kek this is realhttps://web.archive.org/web/20150213142114/http://www.justice.gov/criminal/cybercrime/press-releases/2002/verplea.htm
Arrested for selling bombsNice try but I'm from /K/ and admire black market arms dealing.
implying you need programming experience to promote something
0.00000000000001 btc has been deposited into your walletEstimated transaction time: 148 hours
This will get fixed, just like last time.
What isnt going to be maintained, advanced, or updated is a scam coin run by an ex-felon
Team EAST / Ver / BCHvs: Team WEST / Roth / BTC
You know what happened last time a certain a someone opposed to (((Central Banking))) came out of jail after 10 months?
Generally what happens when anyone rises up to be a reasonable opposition to the central bankers is that they get suicided with a self inflicted bullet wound to the back of the head.
.00000000000001 btc has been deposited into your walletEstimated transaction time: 153 hours
lol dumb faggot I make 20 satoshis per post from blockstream, not 1 sat
You fucking neet basement "muh cypherpunk" corecuck faggots should all get killed.Ver and Wu pulled off the greatest BTC heist off all time.Get mad about it faggot.
I completely trust Roger Ver.He isn't an unstable ideologue who got lucky at all.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHlOkYKOtjAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRIJ_jpmwzo
.00000000000020 btc has been deposited into your walletEstimated transaction time: 155 hours
Lots of people say BCC is the real bitcoin.
And face it, there's no way Bitcoin becomes king in the end at this point.
Kind of impressed with this guy for pulling off such a scam.Shame most of you retards are going to lose your shirts in BCH.
https://web.archive.org/web/20150213142114/http://www.justice.gov/criminal/cybercrime/press-releases/2002/verplea.htmThanks for the link, Anon.
Here is another Felon /biz/ scammer pump and dumper.
I call him "Tweeka", and you can see his fud and fomo posts on /biz/ He is usually the leader of a scam rat pack on here.
He has been barred from trading securities for similar scams.
He has also bee fired from 15 companies in 9 years.
You may think tyou are Anonymous on here, scammers, but we WILL find you.
Next up is Tone.
We need to dig the dirt on that Faggot.
Lol.
I warned these dumb motherfuckers for weeks this was a scam.
Pick Related.
They just flung poo at me like retarded monkeys in a zoo.
I finally gave up, and rode the BCH Bitch like a French Whore for 3 hours last night.
Exited up $60K in three hours.
If these dumb motherfuckers want to be retards, I don't feel bad taking their money.
Enjoy the millstones about your necks called BCH bags.
Faggots.
Enjoy The Agony of Defeat for your Disrespect of The Old Man.
This needs to be spread more.
The major players in crypto are not good people at all.
And not only are they usually not smart people, like wall street manipulators, but they are obvious dumb fucks who are only good at marketing and exploit the bandwagon effect to execute pump and dumps.
Teeka Tiwari will be obliterated by the US govt if someone doesn't assasinate him first.
The man is responsible for so much loss of money and market manipulation
4322061Good info, was not aware of this other scammer
Just a little INTEL.
Why will the Global Currency be called "Phoenix"?
Because it will Rise From the Ashes.
Learn survival skills, Anon.
You will need them.
Just a little tip from "The Old Man"
For (you)
Is it that obvious?
Takes one to know one.
why do white males ruin everything?
bch pump is over
not anticipating the flippening.
lol.
Troll looking for breakfast.
Let it starve.
Or better yet, waterboard it.
If you can dispose of the body, and don't have to worry about leaving marks, drive kerosene soaked splinters under its fingernails and light them on fire.
It is quite rare that I have to actually peel the fingernails before acquiring the needed info.
Its the Chinks who ruined this project you stupid fuck, and this guy is their stupid, gweilo pet spokesperson who is paid to sell their chink shitcoin to Westerners.
I can guarantee the chinks are laughing at this stupid nerd gweilo weeb faggot behind his back.
The only flipoening I saw last night was bch scammers dumping on retards, thentransferring it all to btc.
Hes a fucking idiot.
Only morons like you think he is smart or cunning.
Wannabe Wall Street tycoon with nerd revenge fantasies but without any sort of intelligence or strategy to back it up.
Sorry, Tommy Chang.
I dont speak Mandarin, mind translating that into English?
Kek
You never know who is on the keyboard at the other end of The Line.
One day he will cross someone like me, and it will be his last scam.
Ever.
He is too easy to find.
This attack was planned months ago: https://medium.com/@lukeparker/the-trust-attack-a6241a08a9cd
greetings blockjew
Free market deciding one coin is better than another is "an attack".When people sell Microsoft stock to buy Apple stock because Apple makes fundamentally better products and has a better future, that's "an attack" on Microsoft.
thats not jihan
"Can britain keep booming?
"Kek
This.Just from what we know about the Dark Net alone, there has to be so many hardened, shady people heavily invested into BTC.
Youd think these nerd losers would keep their delusions of grandeur in check, but nope, their egos are too big for their own good.
I think some of these guys will get done in at this point, its probably just a matter of time.
BCH is a fundamentally better product>EDA>not accepted by any merchant>not recognized as the real BTC by any exchanges>block size argument does nothing bit just kick the scaling problem can down the road a bitYeah real solid fundamentals you got there, Tommy Chang.
My INTEL says Contracts have already gone out over this.
No one I know is picking them up, but you never know when a Slav Operator is short on cash.
muh bombs>muh gossip>muh suspenseYou sound like a literal Reddit tier sniveling kike.
EDADisappears in 3 days>not accepted by any merchantPlenty of merchants accept Bitcoin cash- even prefer it.>not recognized as the real BTC by any exchangesSo what?>block size argument does nothing bit just kick the scaling problem can down the road a bitUh, lol blocks are 8 times bigger.
Virtually every transaction processes in the next block with extremely low fees.
Spam attacks are far more costly.
The Bitcoin cash network is actually usable right now as a result.
you sound like a corecuck
Just caught my attention.
Doing God's work, anon, keep us posted.
calls other cucks>submits himself to Chink overlords in hopes receiving cheap Chink breadscraps for all his hard work put into shilling their garbageLol enjoy licking the dog shit off these Chinamen's boots, you fucking cock sucking faggot.
4322779Jesus fucking christ you're all the biggest god damn losers I've ever come across.
I used to day trade on the NYSE for 10 years online.
It's the exact same crowd, only 100x gayer and packed full of the worlds slum rat beggar heroin addicts.
This from a Tumblrina.
known sex offender>supplies chinese miners with bombs>political terrorist>ceo of bitcoin cash>protected by the yakuzaHow do we stop this man?
There us not one single Tumblrina who has "traded the NYSE for 10 years."
I get a distinct feeling from this poster that it is "Buffalo Bill" from "Silence of the Lambs".
See 
Yo Tom, have you jumped back into BTC or are you still waiting till Monday?
4323115>muh image name>muh preticable thought process>muh inability to see tumblr getting burnedLook how damaged these faggots get when called out for being the LARPing losers they are.
This little corner of the internet is where they found a new play to pretend once again like they'll be the big man with their fucking $1,500 all-in trades.
Spreading around gossip like a bunch of dried up old women and sniveling kikes.LARPing like you're on the edge of the universe looking down at the world.
You're a fucking bum.
Ok?
a god damn bum.You pajeet tier niggers and you anglo-saxon heroin addicts.
DONT GET FOOLEDtoo late :(
I BOUGHT AT 3.2 WTF DO I DO NOW?????
plz link the video of this.
im horny.
> Meanwhile people strapping on the dip for BCH next moon to 0.5.
I bought at 3.7it will go back up right?
sure buddy, the fact of the matter is that he's still much richer than you and made his mark in bitcoin history, while you're just a salty faggot rageposting on a chinese imageboard and talking shit to a big bucks chad from your mother's basement
Amazingly close, Shitbird.
(meant affectionately for some strange reason).
still waiting until Monday.
Will be hovering the charts starting at 10PM PST tonight.
Have a stopover in that timezone tonight.
43211354321152At least leave a few minutes between posts you paid shill faggots.>Ver's felony was for selling fucking bird scaring fireworks>Ver was barred from entry because he literally gave up his US citizenship due to gubment fucking him so hard>Bitcoin Unlimited and 2x never forked you retard.
Only idiot futures buyers lost anything to 2x
People just never learn, scamming his entire life but no he is right bcc will surpass bitcoin, no matter that I missed buying 200$ btc I can buy 200$ bcc few weeks ago and retire by the New Year when it overtakes... Well sorry guys I have been telling you whole day to sell bcc but no, many bought it above 2000$, I told you to get your shit together and sell that shitcoin right away or with a little loss, but not it will raise again, the only thing raising will be Joger Vers wealth as he probably dumped bcc on you ... BCC is and always will be shitcoin that only benefits some of the Chinese minters... You got screwed, know for the next time to not trust these scammy pumpers especially when there is 0 credibility to the coin or fundamentals to make it no1 coin
He scammed the wrong people, Dumbfuck.
He was lucky they just banned him from the U.S. and let him live.
Thanks, your words yesterday resonated during the chaos last night and saved me from losing my ass.
Kek ,for real though how long before someone in the crypto world gets suicided?
Or tortured into giving up their private key ?
Still #2 bro lmao
Yeah nigger shiieeeeeeet, haha top kek.... mutha muffin.
Hollywood style..... muh mums basement studio.
Look at this enormous faggot.
Look at this AIDS ridden Somali Butt Pirate.
You affected little nerdy bitch.
Look at you.
4323481Who are you and why are you famous?
>/biz/Anglo Heroin AddictsPajeet PoosChinese Rat FishNiggersTranny freaks looking for a pimp
 BCH is dunnThen why it's mooning again?
Just some autistic smug anglo cock sucker with zero personality and cringe worthy wit.
This is the type of guy who trips over himself at his own wedding.
I bought at 3.7When did BCH reach $3.7k?
This guy is a fucking psychopathhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uq7iFvMhno
Wow I never even saw these videos before.
That's a dangerous character to have involved with a mass currency system.
If that man does not strike as a complete psychopath then i dont know what will
Who Am I?
That is the $64,000 Question.
Amusing.
As I typed that, I realized That's almost exactly what I made last night.
Who I am is in the Tripcode Pic.
4325454He is not a psychopath, he's a sociopath.
isnt the whole idea that you dont have to trust the people behind it but the ideas?in-chain scaling seems better than adding another layer of complexity and point of failure
This image is why BTC will remain numba one.Store of value and decentralized from banks/govs for transactions.
If you're gonna buy an anime figurine on Amazon for 20 bucks just use fiat you faggot.
This bitcoin was always intended to be a store of wealth.
How can anyone say this unironically?
I am also "Inside Her" I have many Names.
43250354325454>Huffington Post Breaking News>Dangerous White Male>WARNINGLook at all of these literal Reddit SJW anglo-jew faggots.
I'm literally laughing my ass off.HAHAHAHA
Nice just bought 100k
Bitcoin was not originally concieved as a Store Of Wealth.
Just as AI has, Bitcoin has Evolved, and taken on a Life Force of it's own.
Gratuitis pic of the Femanon who was abducted and used to create Tay.
Only someone like me could know this and how it went down.
Did you expect the ride to parity to be smooth?
4325552You Jews are dangerous.
lmfao for real
tfw I'm actually 3% Jew
Because they haven't read the white paper and don't know Satoshi's Vision.
Ganbare Roger-kun!Show the new coiners the true power of Satoshis Vision.
43254544325552Kek, corecucks are so fucking emasculated they are afraid of people showing emotionkys cuckolded bitches
Everyone bitching about tx fees and wanting to spend BTC like its a visa card.
432113543211464321250the absolute state of core/blockstream supporters kek
Wow he bought Bitcoin on a whim for dirt cheap when it was $1!
What a genius!
Whoop di fucking doo, a lot of people got into crpypto on various coins that were once dirt cheap and made a shit ton of money as well, including myself.
The difference between us and petty dorks with revenge fantasies like you and Ver is that we recognize we were just people who were in the right place at the right time, not some fucking George Soros/Gordon Gecko Wall Street tycoon (but with none of the wits or financial risk management to back it up).
Even if they are selling to nigs and terrorists?
My father and uncle both traded in the pits of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange from the late 1980's through the early 2000's.
The difference between Ver and the people my family worked with was that they never autistic enough to LARP as some lame James Bond-like anime villain like you see with the BCC cucks.
claims to have traded in the NYSE for 10 years>accuses others of LARPing
Anon, here is how it went down.
Bitcoin was scheduled to be $13500 Pre - Segwit2X.
There was a dump agreed upon pre - SX2 5 days out, and a subsequent runup to the Grande Finale, then a dump to $5,800, then a run-up to CME, dump, run-up to Bitcoin Silver, dump, etc, in an ever ascending staircase.
BCH was scheduled to follow and maintain a 10% valuation of BTC.
BCH factions found out SX2 was scheduled to replace BCH, and went Rogue, Prince Al Alawed at the helm of the insurrection.
At the same time, Prince Al Alawed initiated his plan of a Coup of the Royal Palace, financed in part by the BCH Scam / Bitcoin Hiest.
A double agent spilled the beans, and Price Al Alawed was arrested.
Many of his personal elite Guard were shot and killed in the Operation.
Many of his captains and lieutenants were arrested or killed in the following days.
The Survivors have fled to Lebanon, from whence they are still attempting to conduct the BCH Scam to finance continued operations.
The Saudis are massing Aircraft near Crete to take out the remaining conspirators near Sidon.
The plebs involved in /biz/ who are paid shills for this operation have no idea what is going on at the top.
This is a very bad thing to be involved with, and is on the loosing side of History.
Prince Al Alawed and his forces were Socialist Democratic Clinton / Obama era stooges,, and they did not want to surrender power to Trumps stooges as he drains the swamp.
There you have it, Civies.
Where can we confirm this?I find things about Prince Al-Waleed Bin Talal but the connection to bitcoin is so thin
4325732How about you stop defending core and start demanding them to implement a scaling solution in the form of slightly bigger blocks until their fucking vaporware LN is ready.
WHY THE FUCK CRIPPLE THE NETWORK RIGHT NOW TODAY FOR NO REASON AT ALL?!
There is absolutely ZERO reason to not raise blocksize to 2MB for example while these second layers get ready.
All the support for BCH would quickly be gone if they would just budge an inch.Blockstreams patents or sidechains wont be worth shit to them or anyone else if the coin is dead before they are even ready.
Those neckbeards might know how to write some code but holy shit are they ignorant about everything else.
I fully understand BCC is a Chinese/Anglo/Jew coup.
It still doesn't absolve these faggots from acting like the very commie faggots we're doing battle against.
>omg he's mentally ill!!!!!>ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
!This type of absolutely faggotry should be stamped out regardless which "side" you're on.
this is a total croc of shit.nice larping you faggot