WE ARE THE LEGACYMARINES AND WE ARE NOT FUCKING SELLING
Haha
Enjoy your retirement grandpa
lel
>coin with updates>legacy
Big green candle just arrivedDIE BCH SHILLS DIEYOU WANTED TO KILL BITCOIN BUT YOU WILL LOSE BECAUSE WE ARE THE MARINE CORE
lightning network >bitcoin
In the long run it's going to be better for you probably.
Core whales desperately stoking the boilers with raw cash at this point
Yeah that was strange.
Went up around $200 very quickly.
Well, you might try to sell it but the transaction will be confirmed January 2018 :)
Little brink of hope after seeing this post>Made me look>It's starting to collapse again>That little bit of hope taken away in one fell swoop just like my gains.
Are two days really going to change things that much?
This BCH rally resembles the one we had shorty after the fork.
If Bitcoin dies, then why would BCH take its place?
How is it any better?
People are deluded by greed.
the only people desperate here are the ones that feel the need to shill bcash all over the internet
Just gimme like 15min
bch & btc fusion when?
BCH:* 8mb block size* faster transactions* lower feesneed more?
What the fuck is this meme that bch is an upgraded btc lmao?It’s a completely different token.
Well, see it this way, when you finally decide to sell, noone will be willing to buy
It's less about greed and more about ignorance and stupidity.
Bitcoiners haven't done the research and realized that Bitcoin's competitors have it beat in every way.
So they move to the next "real bitcoin" after they notice BCC jumped 100% and bitcoin dropped 15%
sell sell sell
GREEN CANDLES ARE BACK/BIZ/ FELL FOR A CHINESE SCAMHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAALL HAIL THE KING BTC
$BTC mempoolReaching the same values than the may 2017 stuck.
Bad news, very bad news.
Scaling by increasing the blocksize leads to even more centralization.
You can do a spam attack on 8mb blocks too.
BCH did that jump last time too, and then it calmed down and bled out, people are just riding waves.
If BCC 'wins', the crypto market crashes along with ............ BCC.
Same can be said about literally every other alt coin you stupid fuck
i remembered that i had 11 bitcoins and 176 ltc in my bt-e account since 2013 and i cant access it now???
?my username was mcg777 on there.
how do i retrieve them?
im poor as fuck now.can i sue them or something?
Redpillme on this semen demon
increasing block size isn't even scaling, it's just a capacity increase, it doesn't enable more transactions to fit into a smaller size, or be processed and validated faster, it just sacrifices those fundamental properties so you can keep dollar transactions forever
it's gone boyo
Is this the new FUD?
Bitcoin has had several flippenings since its inception.
every fork was a flippening .
BCH is just the most recent one.
when the btc shills start saying "if we dont win everyone loses" then you know they are fucking desperate
Just checked coinmarketcap, no such thing as "bcash"
If BCC 'wins', the crypto market crashes along with ............ BCC.
People don't realize that the wealth being pumped into cryptos is coming the East.Koreans / Chinese are largest investors of cryptos in the current known world.You wanna shill a dead coin be my guest.
I'll go with the flow.
Bitcoin cash is where the money is.
lol, you guys really don't understand this market at all.
why do you all think value will accrue in a market where nothing sticks around for longer than 5 years and everything is constantly being thrown to the side?i hope you're not ignorant enough to honestly believe that if bcash does "take over" from bitcoin, that nothing is ever going to take over bcash ever again?
what do u think happens when segwitx2 take over btc?
what?
Bitcoin is dead I guess.
It was a nice try.
I'll be poor forever now.
I want BTC royalists to see what happens when Korea wakes upHalf fiat half BCH at this point and I'm going to bed.
This will be the riskiest night in a long time.I'd like BCH to prevail over BTC though.
Core Tactic #3:XenophobiaTreat drops in price as resulting from the conspiracy from foreigners.
Pretend as though a country of over a billion people has secretly colluded and coordinated themselves to nefarious ends.
segwit 2x isn't a thing, it was never going to happen
you can retrieve them, the exchange is called wex now
Core Tactic #3:>XenophobiaWut?
BCH shills complain about the jews, and the BTC shills complain about the Chinese