And make back your CFD losses within a few days.
already in anon
This shit better hit $1 sometime within the next 30 days.
I fucking need this badly.I did get in early though at like .00017 so that's nice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=31&v=pIQhg6-LMTEthis thing looks ....
DELETE THIS FUCK
THEY.
JUST.
KEEP.
FALLING.
FOR.
IT
What the actual fuck
TIO will definitely get to $1 once it gets to coinmarketcap or any of the other exchanges thats its planned to be on.
It's simple maths.
There is nothing that points to a reason why it shouldnt.
Sadly people with lower IQ would most likely never think that far,
Joost van my shit up
Most of the slow pokes here would probably only start trying to rush in on it when it actually gets to coinmarketcap and too late to get a huge chunk of profit of it.
with 450k in supply, active developers with an a solid roadmap, that's a guaranteed over $1 coin.
Wake the hell up sheepies and stop bothering yourselves with projects that would never give you half an ROI
@ Embedded youtube video, thats a video a member of their community made for them.
alright /biz/ heres the deal.
this shitcoin is a shitcoin but its a shitcoin thats getting listed on binance with only 80k mktcap currently.
right now its under the radar low key and soon its going on binance.
remember nuls?
its probably a shitty pump and dump shitcoin that'll never actually do anything, but it did make some people a lot of money.
this is another one of those
IT FUCKING BETTER BE I HAVE LIKE 10K TIO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH
you fucking idiots cant be seriousno one really contributed to this did they?
well why wouldnt we buy?
We're in cryptos to make profit right?
and anything that is showing signs of massive profit returns - I'll definitely buy, I've missed out on some good deals when they were worthless and nobody wanted them like onixcoin or rupee...I'm not missing out on this one, project makes more sense and has a stronger roadmap/community.
I'm grateful to be early in on this.
Feel free to stay out.
No ones telling you what to do.
well why wouldnt we buy?
I dunno faggot, go to this thread and tell me if this looks like something you would actually funnel money intohttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2066861.0
Already funneled money into it bud, And the thread is the part the reason why I jumped in.
You can see from the thread that the devs are working hard and people notice that in this crypto biz
Bought 1k at .00045am i gonna make it
The shilling is so obvious.
Stay broke pajeets and work on your word choices, so it's less obvious next time
What is it, I ain't clickin that shit at work.
You should check out those other 2 coins I wrote about.
I got in early on those and lost faith dumped them for nothing.
Worst Mistake I ever did.
And those are even shittier projects with way more supply than TIO, but their devs were hardworlking as well.
I used to have 11,000 onix that I got for like $0.0022 dumped it at 0.0024, you should check out the price now.
Worst mistake I made thus far as an investor
by god grace , dont compare scam cfd with legit tio coin, these tio guys are not beggars.
they have 2 mill vc funded and had their hotel chain where you can spend tio.
at 0.00045 you re in early.
look at altcommunity coin for example it's at $3 now was at $5 last week, those who bought it at $0.1 are going nuts at the profit margin.
I missed out on that, but that project doesnt jump off to me as TIO does
And you need to understand this.
We're talking about a project with 450k supply that's yet to be on coinmarketcap.
And by the time it gets listed on CMC, people will still be buying this even if it's $3.
If you're in on a huge oroject which has low supply like TIO before it gets listed on CMC, then ur good.
Because let's put in this way, those who don't speak english like the japanese, chinese, koreans and can't take advantage of english boards like this to know about projects before they get listed on CMC only buy once its CMC.
Anyways, I'm out!
you guys have a good night.
Always do your own research, Stay blessed!