
Because of a poem
because youre a faggot
Official ETH of China, government backed and the only one cleared for ICOs in China.
Get the fuck in, $100 by Monday
Because you are fucking stupid.
ok but dont dump your shit on me, because I have a set of skill.
yes, expect dramatic price rising, because weekend has just started and many investor just read the good news today and buy more NEOtoday NEO will hit probably easily $ 50 mark
Whales suppressed the price to around .005 btc for all night (huge buy and sell walls of over 200 btc each)They just had a promising conference where neo will be used for ontology, an identity and smart asset platform.
The conference also mentioned several use cases by chinese banks/etc.Then of course the big news that they have teased won't be coming out until 2 days later, which is why the conference news is so bullish.
The big news they have to reveal could be any number of things, but given that the conference already had very impressive news, it's anticipated that it'll be even better.
It will easy 5x or 10x.
PRC will be releasing statements banning BTC mining and only allowing NEO trading.
Only poorfags like OP missing out
Then of course the big news that they have teased won't be coming out until 2 days later, which is why the conference news is so bullish.
The big news they have to reveal could be any number of things, but given that the conference already had very impressive news, it's anticipated that it'll be even better.buy the rumor, sell the news
anons... look... when you start to see delusional posts like this one, it's time to sell.
Uhh I fucked up and sold at like 525How do I get back in?
is it true that neo can "freeze" accounts and confiscate funds from addresses on the network?
Doesnt seem to be breaking 42$
this
that 550k wall is huge
It's over $42 on Bittrex and Binance, on HitBTC it's already $48 m8
its going to break it, NEO hits 50 $ today
easy.
we will see biggest gains since ethereum
We were watching the entire night if could break 39.
Relax.
The rumor about the news is fake.
Good pump so far though.
When it's linear, sell in good time before the day of the supposed news.China wouldn't give monopoly to one blockchain for ICOs.
It would be retarded and China is many things but it's not retarded.
Their government is actually largely technocratic, most inefficiencies stemming from corruption rather than incompetence such as doing things like this.
Maybe the govt is full of neo bagholders who knows
Hows much NEO your holding?
, probably.
FUDs gonna FUD.
What about ProjectICO which will be on the NEO blockchain?
That ought to boost it a bit
that tweet is no fakethere are lots of speculations, that of course are just speculations and there are many good new positive confirmations whit NEO project
$45 within 6 hours
4426733>It's over $42 on Bittrex and Binance, on HitBTC it's already $48 m8If I wanted to cash out could I send my neo from bittrex to binance and cash out for more profit?
Look at the date that this was made: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/NEOUSD/ul55V65Z-NEO/.
This guy predicts almost every moon.
#4CHNalldayYou heard it here first!Screencap it!I will get lots of repliesIt will go viral here on /biz/.
You will see it everymorning.You will see it everynight.You will see it every mid-day and afternoon.You will see it in your threads.You will think about it more often.You will accept it.You will love it.You will start using the:#4CHNallday
Yeah but its especially strange with NEO because of how low the volume is on asian exchanges compared to western exchanges.
Look at QTUM and its mostly asian activity.
ahh the goold old antshares threads are back[spoiler]ants in my pants go!
[/spoiler]
I WENT ALL IN ON NEO JUST BECAUSE I LIKE DA HONGFEI'S FACE THAT MOTHERFUCKER IS CHARISMATIC TAKE MY MONEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
+ withdraw costs