PBC releasing their monthly shit in less than 12 hours, normies will get on the POWR bandwagon.Why havent you gone all in yet?If POWR hits $1 tomorrow I will send 1 POWR coin to everyone that posts ITT
time to buy da dip
Its not POWR or Solar
I'm going to laugh so hard once solr and powr dumps because neither were the coin.
Because my btc transfer is still pending.
But then!
Should I not fall asleep
what's the exact time they are going to release it?
Should be out in around 10 hours
You guys are fucking retards if you think POWR is the pick.
Teeka is not that stupid.Imagine being a subscriber and your pick was leaked by 4chan 2 weeks before you bought in, and now your paying a 300% premium on it.
PBC would lose credibility.
If you're holding POWR I recommend you take profits before the massive dip you're about to see.
He's already had a shit pick with ZEN, and with BCH (buy up to 1400).
He needs to restore faith with his subscribers.
He's going to go off the board.
Maybe it WAS his pick.. but no way he keeps it now.
the leak was 4 days ago, came from the same domain that all the other monthly issues are hosted on.Surely he will add more to the release but he cant back out on POWR now if he believed in it 4 days ago
Why laugh?
We just use stop-lossI've already made 110% gains on Powr.
It won't hurt much just having a bit more faith in it.
PBC or not.Besides, it seems like the downtrend have stabilised now at 7550 and will shoot up at any second
Well look at that..
Already 7800 again.
Will probably correct itself a bit, but it goes to show that this circus isn't over quite yet.
exactly right, gains already made and its holding steady.Even without PBC the POWR project is looking good.
Being able to add solar to run your house and sell all your extra energy for coins?
its like turning your house into a mining rig
And here...we...go
Buy the dip and hold
posts that everyone will get 1 powr coin @ $1>no one posts walletlole
Well.
1USD isn't that much and besides I believe most people are getting tired of "Post address, get 25 BTC" threads
I'm up 163%, feels good.
I would go all in, in her dip and hold her all night.
How high can it realistically go?
sats before the final correction to 7100
HERE WE GO BOYS
I use Bollinger Bands too :)
It has the potential to hit top 20 in market cap,once it reaches close to the 20th position the price will be around 1.50 to 1.90
I think a lot of people are expecting to see $1 and then after that who knows, may correct and go down or moon another $.50.
REEE I sold half my posistion at 5223 and 6000 sats.
I now only hold 1000 powr tokens, kill me
One of indias biggest IT companies
Hes no stupid enough to tell people to buy a coin that has pumped 100% in a couple days
big if true
Except this isn't just a shit coin.
Sure it pumped, but with all this news about Australia and apparently India buying into it, aside from ours long term potential this coin is still a safe buy .If it wasn't the original pick then why delay till Monday?
And if it was, it should've crashed if they were switching from it
Got in yesterday.
Strapped in for the launch.
This coin has actual application and government grant support.
More than 99% of coins can say.
Fucking stoked.
The PBC coin is going to be DNT you retards.Teeka recommends coins that HAVEN'T already been pumped.That being said.Good opportunity if you take it.
Exactly!How many ICO's have been posted with the standard 'GREAT DEV TEAM & REVOLUTIONARY TECHNOLOGY' bullshitEven if POWR is a shitcoin and it dumps back to $0.08 they're actually building a solar network to help consumers profit Current state in Aus, if you have solar energy installed in your home and you generate more energy than your house uses, the energy goes back into the grid and you receive "credit" from the energy company that you can't cash out in fiat.Imagine when word spreads that solar energy can actually make you money.
All everyday normies will jump just to avoid paying energy bills
Teeka recommends coins that haven't pumpedReason it pumped was because PBC was leaked early, otherwise it would pump when PBC monthly was released
SOLAR
SOLAR has been out since 2014, why would it pump now?POWR was announced 5 months ago and its in top 50 coins
also this
lolPWR fags gon' get REKt
its nice to see a project with a chance at proper real world adaption but i think it will get fucked before it gets seriously bigpower companies arent going to fuck around and let some woman and a team of nerds fuck their money
Aus has power shortages, governments pushing for renewable energy.Just as uber is taking over taxis, the power companies need to get with the times or die