Token: Astronaut (ASTRO)Marketcap: $3,000,000Circulating Supply: 4,000,000Website: https://astronaut.capital/Trading Link: https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETHDescription:Astronaut seeks to establish a streamlined offering, whereby both retail and institutional grade investors canparticipate in a variety of research-backed tokens and currencies through one simple channel, avoiding theneed for their own due diligence and subscription process.Astronaut has a focus on transparency and analysis, relying on strict criteria which guides the placement offunds within our portfolio.
Utilizing our company-owned research team, Picolo Research, we maintain thehighest of due diligence standards to ensure we maximise risk-adjusted portfolio returns.The structure of the offering allows its token holders to benefit from a) capital appreciation of assets undermanagement and b) quarterly dividends as income.
Both of these are detailed later in this whitepaper.Astronaut is backed by an amalgamation of professionals from private equity, venture capital, fundsmanagement and technology development.Our platform is transparent, agile and above all - focused on crystallizing ongoing dividends and capitalgrowth for token holders.We look forward to generating growth and success for our token holders through our platform.Not even on CMC yetOnly competitor is TAAS with a $40 mil marketcap already
Where do I buy this shit
EtherDelta mein neger
link is literally in the OP come on guys...https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETH
Pre-sale discount adds a little risk, but this looks good.
thats the beauty of getting in early, if this goes to the moon (which it will) then your first on board.
That's enough op now shut up and delete this thread while I accumulate
Fuck just ate a sell wall looks like that's the only way to buy
Looks like no one wants to sell their precious bags lol people know its a good investment so they wont let go of it for a cheap price.
You're the faggot shilling EPY last night.
no, I am the based anon spreading info about undervalued coins :)
What's the ICO price in ETH?
Can't find it.
Can't remember exactly in eth but I'm pretty sure it was around $1 if I recall correctly
LOL yup to get in your gonna have to take a sell wall down, no one is fucking selling.
Most of the orders are above 1 eth NO ROOM FOR SMALL FISH GTFO
Theres always room for everyone if your early enough, they have to build their stack from somewhere.
The fuck does that even mean, if no one is selling why would there be a sell wall.
You can buy part of a standing order dumbass
I'm not understanding why this wouldn't dip below ICO.
Pic related.
Just the low market cap?
I mean you cant list a buy order or no one will fill it, you have to go buy from the sell wall if that makes sense (hence the all green trading book)
many factors such as, circulating supply, a promising project, and only one competitor that already has a 40 mil market cap.
wont sell it
smart choice.
guys we just need to take down that 16 eth sell wall then we can resume our trip to the moon.
Also need more volume, like way more.
yeah should have posted this in the day but oh well it doesnt really matter, this isnt a PnD, I am going to hold for a couple days then once it gets its own actual listing on ED and once a few exchanges pick it up then it will go to pluto.
whats the ticker abreviation
There isnt one yet, you have to go to this link insteadhttps://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETH
Bought 20 Astros with my spare change.
thats so unsafebuy EPY, its officially listed on etherdeltaEPYEPYEPY
Did you get in before it shot to 0.0099?
If so, congratz to you and everyone else that listened.
Take your pajeet coin somewhere else pajeet, only money makers in this thread not bag holders.
Didn't really look at the price that much, took down some from a cheap sell wall, i've spend 13.9 on 20.4 i quess?
Man am i bad at math.
.13,9.
CAN YOU FAGS STOP CLOGGING THE ETHER DELTA MARKET I"M TRYING TO BUY SOME IBTC EXCEPT ITS TAKING FOREVER CAUSE OF YOUR SHITCOINS
pardon?
why buy that shitcoin when you can buy this?
Do you have a live graph of this token somewhere?
cause piccolo research is a meme analysis group,
They have accurate analysis all the time what are you talking about?
UpdateLast Buy signal they gave for a coin it went down 40%
Also fuck bonuses and presales, invest in coins that do crypto properly.
crypto properly?
are u retarded?
just gtfo u dont deserve to invest in this coin and make gains.so you only share the bad pick while there are many other good ones.
Actually upon further reading, what coin are u talking about?
making some shit up i see
fucking airswap my dude, clearly you haven't used their service cause I have and its absolute shit.
and yeah crypto properly by not giving whales huge bonuses on which they just dump on people buying into the ico after its released, the best crypto coins don't need bonuses or big market caps to be successful
Lol at the auroacoin in ops picture.Anyone wanna come pump that old thing to its former glory?
big marketcap> $3mpick one
how do you know the circulating supply?
all on website or whitepaper
moon baby
It's in the email to ico investors.
The whitepaper said 50mill tokens, now 4mill remain.1/50M share has become 1/4M share.
Another fucking investment platform lol, pass