Or atleast start shorting it
Old news fag, already at $330
>When you forget you aren't on an anonymous imageboard, but are actually making posts with your name and your comapny's repution attached
Kevin Spacey and a few other Hollywood pedos are probably pumping ETH now
He's right tho
Already priced in
.
It's a simple opinion2.
He is not ETH ceo, he just had the idea first3.
He's right in the tweet, and everybody knows it.
There are people that pretends he's not because of PC.
thismoralefags and normies can dump and cry all they want, vitalike knows bestcp is a victimless crimebesides, kids gets knocked up when they are 10 these days anyway, so who even cares
t. increasingly nervous pedo
cp is a victimless crimecunt
Congrats on this.
Seriously
go back to r/cryptocurrency
He went full autism.
Logically he isn't wrong, but this is the #1 topic people go completely insane about, and they are more than happy to embrace a lust for violence against pedos.
The public has more compassion for murderers than people who fuck kids.
No amount of logic matters when it comes to kidfuckers, and this doesn't even bother me.
Gas 'em.
Most CP is just nudes.
Ideally it should be legal if the child and parents agrees to it.
Nudity and sexuality shouldn't be seen are harmful or shameful, that just a flaw in out society.
Nothing more natural than naked people.
Any parent that'd allow nudes to be taken of their child deserves to be dragged into the street, beaten to a bloody mess by a mob, and left in the gutter to rot like the degenerate piece of trash they are.
Fucking retarded moralfags don't get it.
Something like ninety percent of cp Is produced by minors taking pics of themselves for their bf slash gf.
If kids are pure angels, how come they are the main suppliers of kiddie porn?
because a little child surely knows whats best for him righttheres a reason consent is at age 16-18go back to liberal retard land
So whats the risk here?Normies SJW ethereum to death.
Unlikely, since normies dont follow Vitalik on Twitter.Vitalik is found with CP and ends up in jail.
Unlikely, since his cryptography expertise will not allow the police to find anything.A government like Israel or Russia socialy engineers/hacks Vitalik and compromises/blackmails him.
Likely, and likely already happened way back.
If there was any logic behind possession being illegal, we would also have banned torture/killing pictures/videos of children.
You can watch/share a video of a women get raped and government don't care, but having a nude of yourself when you were 15 year old is for some weird reason illegal.
This is madness
>mfw literally NO ONE outside of this gay board and some parts of twitter/leddit cares about this shit and ETH is actually pumping to its 1month hightop kek
Most cp convictions in the US are against teens that owns nudes of themselves of their friends.They end up in prison, on the sex registry for life and branded as pedo because people are too dumb to realize there are degrees to everything and force the judges to hand out life prison sentences like candies.
when everybody else is too stupid to understand what you're sayingfeels bad man
Faith in humanity lost
There is no difference to normies.
Try this "argue vs think" when talking to normies.
Anything you argue is assumed to be your opinion, and making this distinction won't change that.
They can't comprehend someone argueing something they don't actually think, because they've already gotten so emotional about what you're argueing that they can't think logically.
Vitalik is a smart guy, but socially he is clueless.
shouldn't you be out punching nazis and getting arrested than post on some weaboo coin board
dude what?
consuming cp creates a demand for it.
are you fucking stupid?
>tfw you realize eth is pumping because vitalik is an ally of freedom
cp is a victimless crimeAnd how do you think it's produced?
you snap a pic and thats it
You should be roped
Uh huh, and what about pictures with penetration and the rest in them?Nude teen selfies are irrelevant, sure, but nobody is talking about those when discussing cp and to act differently is just being dishonest.
Why would he even bring this up after saying he's not gonna talk about bitcoin and then mentioned this.
>cringe
Man, if Eth weren't as much as an illuminatcoin as it is it would have crashed to zero ages ago.
ThisIdeally it should be legal if the child and parents agrees to itYeah, because no child has ever been exploited and manipulated into "consent" by their own parents.
Fucking idiot.> Nothing more natural than naked people.You're posting on a fucking online forum!!!?!?
not a fucking all organic bionetwork.
Do you have even a modicum of self awareness or are you so up your own ass with your normie pseudo-contrarian "I'm so enlightened" bullshit that you can't realize how ill considered everything you've written sounds?this
Nude teen selfies are irrelevant, sure, but nobody is talking about those when discussing cp and to act differently is just being dishonest.There are teens that serves dozens of years in prison because of nudes because of mandatory minimum sentences... How is that not relevant?Hysteria leads people to treat someone who owns a nude of minor the same way than a murderer that sodomize a little child until death.
Go in a ghetto any time of day you'll find a thousand  y/o girls ready to suck the nearest pimp's cock+ the feds have nearly wiped out all traces of actual CP on the web and tor, the only things left are pictures of little russian girls who look like they haven't been fed in weeks and their mother is on the opposite side of the camera with hot iron at the ready, and that's Putin's problem to deal with
There are teens that serves dozens of years in prison because of nudes because of mandatory minimum sentences... How is that not relevant?Just because the legal framework hasn't caught up with technology doesn't mean that there aren't still people who either for profit or their own selfish sexual gratification aren't coercing children into potentially traumatic sexual experiences in front of cameras.That's why it's irrelevant, because you're misdirecting the conversation by placing a blanket term over all of this.
Yes, it sucks that all these kids are getting into prison because of their ignorant pubescent libidos and access to a smartphone - but that's irrelevant to the other part.>Hysteria leads people to treat someone who owns a nude of minor the same way than a murderer that sodomize a little child until death.How often is it limited to just an innocuous photo of a naked minor?
If the person is using it for the purposes of sexual gratification, they are likely to have more.Again, I understand that if the person is NOT using it for the purposes of sexual gratification or profit and it wasn't captured under duress then it's wrong that there is a stigma attached to it.
But at the same time: there are a lot of fucking psycopaths out there who happens to be attracted to children.Stop conflating things.
You seem to have the autismo thinking "it's either all good or all bad" - no there's shades of grey and you're not identifying them.
Completely separate issue, but it sucks either way.And I don't know about Tor, but according to a friend of mine who pretty much spends her life on Twitter, there's a whole network of cp accounts on there that she and her buddies are regularly reporting (think #TwitterGate stuff).
And it's not just that, but there's also people selling kids too (or making tweets that look like they are anyway).
I'm sure Facebook has a similar problem as well.
If there wasn't a way for them to share their pictures, those cops would be out of job.
It's time to stop posting vitalik
You seem to have the autismo thinking "it's either all good or all bad"Fuck no it's the exact opposite.
I'm saying that hysteria leads people to give the same prison sentence to everybody.
And that owning pictures on a computer shouldn't put you in jail for dozens of years.I'm the one advocating degrees.
how do i snort eth?
https://youtube.com/watch?v=m2MIKX5VVd8These are girls who were “protected” by “child porn” laws.
Countries where possession of cp was legal for a period of time, such as Japan and the Czech Republic, had lower rates of sexual assault during those time frames.
When they banned possession, the rate of sexual crimes against minors went up.
This pattern is also true of adult pornography and adult prostitution - when either is banned in a country, that country has a higher rate of sexual assaults than when they are legal.Criminalizing possession of cp is effectively stating that we think punishing people for looking at pictures is more important than reducing the number of children actually victimized.
Never said there isn't a way, I'm responding to the part about penetration.
I was on small chans back before this one got flooded by gamergaters and shit, compared to back then, the feds are really good at cleaning that shit up.
Kek
The Supreme Court case that banned child porn in America was about a video of boys masturbating.
You really have no idea what child porn actually is, you just think it’s bad because the government gave it a scary name.
How should I know when to sell my eth for btc, or usd?
based money skeleton
I'm the one advocating degrees.You're not putting that across very clearly at all.
Look at your response:> I'm saying that hysteria leads people to give the same prison sentence to everybody.
And that owning pictures on a computer shouldn't put you in jail for dozens of years.You haven't differentiated severity of punishment based on circumstance (just for the sake of simplicity - let's say separating teenagers photographing themselves from more predatory adult-children production circumstances - although based on your post I have no idea where and how you would draw the line!?)
only said that "owning pictures... shouldn't put you in jail for dozens of years" - shouldn't put whom in jail?
In which circumstance?
Is there a difference?You're not making that clear!Stop conflating the two, yeah I think it sucks that if 16 year old Johnny Smalltown gets a sext from his 15 year old girlfriend Mary Jane Developedearly of her ptitties he's technically in possession of CP.
But that doesn't mean that Father McPedo should get off scott free for the sexual pics of kiddies on his laptop, especially when he's considering diddling the choirboys.i wouldn't gather that you see a difference between the two based on your posts though
In America maybe.
You have to remember that Vitalik is a Russian living in Canada.
His definition of cp is going to be vastly different than an American's one I guess.
Then maybe you would understand better if you don't assume what I don't write dumbass.The issue is not the writer, it's the reader.
.
When they banned possession, the rate of sexual crimes against minors went upBig if true.
But correlation does not mean causality.Might be a matter of more convictions, better reporting of it.Rates of Thyroid cancer have gone up in the Fukushima region since the Tsunami, last time I checked they don't know if that's just it's more people are getting checked for it or if it's a direct result of the Radiation leak.
Big if true.
But correlation does not mean causality.Shouldn't you prove there is a link between child porn ownership and increase in rape before putting people in prison for life, mr science?Where are the studies?
Child porn is defined by the law, not whatever imaginary concept you’ve invented in your head.
You’re ignoring facts so you can maintain the “child porn = bad” platitude.
correlation does not mean causalitySure, but there's a limit to how many places they have good data to check, which is why I brought up the point that legalizing adult pornography had the same impact.
In either case, the mechanism for reduced assaults is pretty clear - a guy jerking off in front of his computer isn't out seeking people to rape.
Where were you when /biz/ had a cp dump last night :D thanks money skeleton!