The next Confido without getting Joost'd.
Let me share a few things, for the rest, DYOR or you don't deserve the gains.>ridicilously low mcap>strong credible team>product out before EOY>cryptopia today, binance soon
Oh yea, starts pupming.
Noice
x already :)
I bought early on DeltaIt is already down
Na mate, it keeps goin up
Also the devs said that they're trying to time their listing on Binance to coincide with their release of their prototype
this is literally connedfido
i dont buy on scammy exchanges.
Buy on Etherdelta thenUnless you're afraid of scamming yourself, that is.
lies
Crypto trader's whole telegram only just recieved their bonus tokens from the community / marketing distribution pool.
We all received 100% bonuses for using his affiliate code and most of us haven't sold yet.
I will wait a day or so until you start buying publica anon.
Will be well above a buck soon.
don't know how to use it.
Almost panic sold during dip, but fuck, this shit only goes up.
This is literally confido pump.
Oh wait it is back up
nothing like confido, pbl has to do with ebooks, boriiiiing, who reads ebooks?
no one
It's not hard to learn, should only take like 10 minutes.
It's kind of like HitBTC in that you have both a trading wallet and a "holding" wallet.
Main difference between it and other exchanges is that sells don't automatically get matched with the closest buys and vice-versa so you can get fucked by fat-fingering or mixing up the quantity/price fields
at 0.00095 ETH on EDICO price at 0.00024 ETH
none of you 4chan plebs.
this market is worht billions of $
No one talked about the concept.
Who the fuck cares.
I'm in to make money like I did in confido.
>Requires users of the platform to buy their hardwareYeah... naw... Something else will leapfrog this piece of shit greedy product lock-in project.
I bought earlyit went downNow its back up
We told them to buy!
Did they listen?
moon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FOMO STARTED ALREADY!!!
Cryptopia its about to go gox any moment
How long till it's on binance bruh?
Bought in.
This looks like an easy 3x by tomorrow
need more volume, seeing the buying orders on ED, that wont be a problem
They meet all the requirements, all they need is a little more volume.
In other words, binance will list this shit in no time.
bought in at 0.001 ethsad i didn'y buy in earlier, but comfy cos 3x tomorrow
Easy 3x, when it hits binance, we're off to 6x.
Going up nicely!
10x on its way biz boys!!!!!!!!!
LET'S GO FLINTSTONES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Minor correction, filled my bags by 8k.
How are you guys doing?
also mentioned here https://www.docdroid.net/iMljdko/novedition.pdf#page=3 !
looking good so far
Weak hands, not correction.
Moon mission started already, some jumped off.
C O M F Y
OK anon this going lunar for sure!!!!!
EXTRA COMFY!!!
THAT MOON!!!!!!!!
Ah, the CEO himself, noice!