Can you say institutional accumulation?
bought at the bottom, can't say I'm not enjoying it.
What do you mean no positive news?
Rory literally said today there'll be big news before EOY
remember the guy like a week ago saying the company he works for is planning to throw a few mills into LINK ?
or those 2 guys from belgium/france with supposedly insider info about SWIFT, ITS FUCKING HAPPENING,doesn't matter that the bots will bring the price down, whales are accumulating
Sell as soon as it hit 19 or 20 cents, shits going down again, there's no news or anything to justify a solid hodl
The bots are keeping the price at 15, they won't let it go below that.
The whales use bots.
doge fucking doubled in value today for no reason tooinstitutional accumulation there too??
You guys are so fucking deluded lol
bots can also makes prices go up you know
Sauce?
On shit!
Anyone have that thread?
JEERS
Nah, more likely a fat finger just bought accidentally and now bots are evening out the spike again...
It will dump like it always does.
News are not coming or have substantial worth.
Wait for it to hit 10c and you might get a good price for the coin.
It's only up 5%....
This doesn't mean anything dudeAt all He's just trying to appease the bag holders
There are many coins going up right now.
There are many owners of Link.When other coins go out people tend to sell into Bitcoin.
When many have bitcoin they like to invest into alternative investments like Link.
Some people take profits from other coins and then take the profits (in form of Bitcoin and then buy more Link.
There are thousands of Link holders that keep accumulating more and more with any profits they take from other coins.
We will just keep buying all your sub $0.20 Link coins as long as you keep buying.
Keep selling Link Anon.
We will always be buying them.
There is no limit to how many we will buy.
Try us.
451219845121884511904
You got it dude, the best way to point out that they are playing with emotions like hope and shit.
This is manipulation at a new degree.
I hope you guys exit link for now and can make some money and buy back later at 10c
What buyers?
Lol RIP
You Sir are right.
To bad i have not much fiat left :)
I clutch these bags with my dear life, I will not sell a single LINK it's not even worth the risk of swing trading unless I'm in front of the computer staring at charts the whole time.
I refuse to downsize my position and take all the money from my other moon trips to return safely to LINK.
Sell other holdings that you feel are not going to 5x soon.
Link is obviously going to go up with news release and addition to more American based exchanges...
right before Christmas Sergey comes out on stage announcing that SWIFT & friends will pump 970 billion into the chainlink system in the next 3 weeks>price instantly skyrockets to $420>yfw
I hope you dummies learned a valuable lesson.
Selling sub 2k LINK?
Shameful.