Share your best
I don't have a screenshot but I remember one guy that made a thread about how shorting and selling is the same.
He went one to argue for 10 hours, no joke.
hahahaha what the fuck
Shorting and selling is the same you retarded>be 100% in a stock>want to be 0% in a stock>selling produces a -100% weight>shorting produces a -100% weightThis is why /biz/ constantly falls for PnD's
It was you, wasn't it?
Omg that's unbelievable
Already dumping
Keep this going please.
Never laughed harder in my life.
Wasn't me, but whoever was arguing with you was essentially right.
The financial literature considers short selling and selling essentially the same, but generally when someone says they are short the usually refer to cases where their portfolio contains a negative weight in it, as opposed to just positive weights
You cannot be srs
4232447You can tell the truth anon we don't judge.
Dude...That's not how it worksShorting is basically a bet to the house where you say its going to go down a certain % in a certain period of timeIf it does you get x times your positionIf it dosent you get liquidatedI could ahort btc while still holding (would be dumb as if I assume its going down I would sell my BTC while making the short to buy back later, but there's multiple ppssible scenarios)I dont even margin trade
4232505See 
4232512Selling and short selling are two different things
Jesus, you guys are dumb.
Suppose you have two strategies:>strat A: go long and short the same asset>strat B: sell your assetCan you tell me what how these two strategies are different?
Then explain this I'm sorry, but my view is based off financial literature and theory, so I am right and your wrong.
You can't go against hundreds of years of financial literature

So does this board even have funny threads ?
Damn, I think your thread derailing is working.
Screencapping this thread for the next best of biz thread.
Because in the first scenario, you don't own the asset, and you have to give it back eventually.
But please, try to short sell something, and not cover, and explain to your broker that it's the same thing as selling long so you don't have to cover because of hundreds of years of financial literature.
LOL

Yea the threads where biz fools some poor loser to shove a sharpie up his asshole for some BTC is my favorite thing here.
And then he used a GUI in Visual Basic to backtracked the IP address
no comment needed
The threads where people unintentionally admit to buying high and selling low as their main strategy.
Those threads are pretty funny.
Even better when they say things like>it's too low to buy right now????
What a waste of tripsAlso margin trading is quite new to the financial systemIm pretty sure you're trolling but still
both scenarios are mechanically the same>anon can't understand this "but the English language says that sell and short are two different words, so they have to be different!
">anon proceeds to lose 10k in crypto>"but I know finance.
After all, I've created an etrade account, so I'm pretty much an expert at this point"Yeah, do me a favor anon, go buy some Chan coin
both scenarios are not mechanically the same.>but the english language says that sell and short sell both have the word sell in them so it must be the same!That's like saying that pooping and being a plumber are the same thing because they both have to do with toilets.
when everyone on biz believes something, even though they have no actual knowledge on the subject, and they tell you to believe them as well, and you actually believe them unironically because your a sheepIs this an accurate description of yourself lad?
So you believe that when you short tou're actually selling yourAnd when you go long you're buyingAnd that margin trading is not betting that the market will go one way or the otherAnd that we're the stupids and not youAlright dude, have YOU ever done margin trading?I could short BTC without owning any, how's that selling exactly?
have 100% in a stock>want to reduce my position in half>short 50%>now I only have exposure to 50%>sell the remaining 50%>now I have 0% exposureI'm honestly now surprises you low IQs can't grasp this concept.
Explains why you are at the mercy of whales in a scam market, while I can actually make money in the stock market
No one making fun of Demands and Supply meme that crpyto fag believes determine the value of shits?
fucking kek

Ok let's get specificWhile investors go long in expectation that the stock will appreciate in price, traders go short in anticipation that the stock will tumble.
As noted earlier, short selling makes it possible to sell what one does not own.
The short seller achieves this by borrowing the stock from a broker, and immediately selling the stock at its current market price, with the sale proceeds credited to the short seller’s margin account.
At a future point in time, the short seller will cover the short position by buying it in the market and repaying the loaned stock to the broker.So yes, you're selling, but you're technically taming a loanFrom the same people that run the exchangeHence, you're not really selling (even though you technically are), you're just BETTING it wil go down.You're technically selling someone else's property bexause legally that goes as investing/lending and not as gambling, but in REALITY its the same
See .
It might be hard, but try to grasp it with your abysmally low IQ
Nope, not the same thing, because you have to cover the 50% you shorted eventually.
Try again.
Daaaamn
short seller borrows the stock and immediately sells it>"ayy lmao, this isn't selling"
Haha holy shitSomebody here already made profit of people having fatfingers?
Or being this stupid?
Would love to come home and made 24 eth for 0,001 link

Nope, the 50% is covered by your long position.
No surprise there, you couldn't grasp the basic algebra needed to understand this
The short position wouldn't have needed to be covered at all if it was the same as simply selling.
You're technically selling someone else's property because legally that goes as investing/lending and not as gambling, but in REALITY its the sameThe fact that you're selling something you DONT own is keyThis is therefore false:4232441
retard borrows the stock and immediately sells it>"ayy lmao this is the same thing as selling an asset that I own"
So what was the explanation?
does anyone have a screenshot of the thread where someone put up a contract to buy so many zrx tokens through the 0x protocol and some anon bought it?
that was fuckin hilarious
4232752FOMO's a bitch

It's really sad that you can't grasp this.
Let's say we both owned 50% of the portfolio.
You can choose only 1 of the following strategies, and I'll choose the other>sell your 50%>short your 50%Pick one of these, I'll pick the other, and we will see where the portfolio ends.
My guess is a 0% weight left on the portfolio
also the niggercoin shit was a little ridiculousi just noticed that i didnt save the sharpie in the pooper image + thread.
does anyone have it?
You meanShort someone else's 50%?
Nice projection.
I never said it was like selling an asset that you own.
I said that mechanically, they achieve the same thing, which they do>inb4 "b-but biz told me otherwise.
They've never been wrong before!
They haven't collectively lost millions on shitcoins!"
I think this is where you're confusing yourself, you are assuming that the same end result means that the steps you took to get there are the same thing.
They are not.
See right here, you just admitted that's your problem.
They're not the the same thing, even though they manage to achieve the same end result.
Pick one of the two strategies, I'll pick the opposite one, and you'll see our portfolio will net 0%
shut up you moron
Ah that was glorious, he played it really well.
Don't bother trying to teach these guys.
They're incapable of understanding anything but a naked short.There is one fundamental difference between selling vs naked shorting by the way.
Shorting in that way increases the outstanding supply of an asset, temporarily depressing the price.
When closing that position, the price will naturally rise back up as supply is reduced.Any significant selloff will cause that price depression, but if you were selling something you already had, you're not on the hook to buy it back.It would take a much larger quantity than anyone here has for this effect to really matter in most markets anyway.
I never said it was like selling an asset that you ownshort YOUR 50%Is this really how you want to start your day mate?
ty my man
A = B>A = C>"b-but A != C"Your parents made a massive mistake lad
LMFAOOOOO legend
t. Lost 10k of mummy's money on shitcoin
short selling and selling are essentially the sameI never said it was the samehahahahahahahahahahahhaha
Thanks anon.
It's good to know someone on this board actually has a brain
Kek, just leave this brainletHe wants to win an internet argument so bad he's willing to change it in under 20min
He threw away 30 ethereum, because, like you he didn't understand how ed works
It was a typo lad.
Meant selling asset you don't own>inb4 "haha the anon mistyped, which means I win the argument!
Now back to my McJob"
Shit I remember that thread.
Did he figure out how the fuck those trades went through in the end?
I'm guessing he stayed rekt.
I usually argue in numbers and charts, not words.
Words are clumsy.
If you actually read any financial textbooks, you would have understood what I meant.
All you have revealed is that your uneducated
So you meant>I never said it was like selling an asset that you DONT ownBECAUSE THATS EXACTLY WHAT SHORTING IS
A does NOT equal B hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaSo say that A represents selling long, and B represents selling short, and C represents the end result that you keep saying makes A and B the same thing.
In order to get to C, you must add something to A, mainly factors and conditions and the underlying definition of what A is and how it works mechanically.
But what you add to B to get to C is different from what you add to A.
So A + x = C, and B + y = C, but now you're trying to say that A = C?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
 replies by this ID
shut up nigger boy
lol I remember this post
You are an idiot.
Pick up a financial textbook.
This should have made sense to you, but clearly it won't because you haven't read any financial textbooks>inb4 "diversification is like putting eggs in multiple baskets"Yes anon, you hit the head on the nail.
That's exactly what it is
muh financial textbookHAHAHAHAHHAHA HE'S SAMEFAGGING WITH DIFFERENT IDs NOW
I understand how it works.
Are you saying he lied when he said he only deposited?
Because those orders can only happen if he placed them.
https://www.reddit.com/r/EtherDelta/comments/7b6yho/what_happens_if_i_place_the_same_order_twice/He placed the order multiple times mixing up the fields.The ordere were "dormant" and everytime time he put ETH in the contract, they were refilled and completed by someone else.There are bots on EtherDelta for such things.
t. ragie heavy bag holder with a self proclaimed 150 IQ
Ok so he didnt just deposit then he placed orders too
t. susceptible to ponzi schemes
42329824232893>t.
samefag
t. Conspiracy theorist
all of your posts are essentially the same thing:>I'm wrong but muh financial literature that I never even read says that I'm right therefore you are wrong and you are susceptible to wales and ponzi schemesWhen you're using the same language and same fallacies, then going on your phone or laptop to post won't stop you from being recognized.
t. LINK marine
I think you have to restart your router to change your IPso to find ouy if he has changed his ip, let's just insult him and wait for an answerhey, you're a real piece of shit, did you know?I fucked your mother last night, and she will die in her sleep tonight, unless, ofc, you answer to this post with the same ID ;)
hey you're a total fag too, answer to this with same ID or all your gains go down the drain
this was pretty funny.
4233073Here is your(You}

fuck I love LINK memes seriously the gift that just keeps on giving
so you're admiting to be those other 2 dudes?damn that was easy, guess  was right

what the fuck
I sent this guy a few Links because he actually made me lol
can we still buy lizards off that website?
Ok so he didnt just deposit then he placed orders tooNo.EtherDelta is laggy sometimes so peple click BUY or SELL until they see the order in the order book.You have 10 ETH.You can send a buy order for 10 ETH n times even if you don't have 10*n ETH.When someone completes the order the order orders are readjusted to 0 ETH I think.But then If you transfer 10 ETH again the old orders are resumed to a full 10 ETH each, and so on.
>I was only joking about it going up guysx50 with price predictions from under $1 to over $100 and you get the modern /biz/ OP.
you lost your soul for link
riding a bike and flying in a plane is the same because youre going somewhere
t. brainlet


tfw you lost it
He's right though, they don't call it a "Diever" they call it your Liver!
I took some screens a few times to have lolz later onbut eventually gave up on the board for the most part, it's a waste of time
Wish I had a context for this, but it seems like this guy was replying to some poor Linkie was shilling not just Link but his own asshole
/?
/?a somewhat true one desuin fact it took 2 months to become true, but I doubt the 10k will come true as wellbut the anon asked to screencap so I obliged
I think this is from when one of the shitty discords I was part of was desperately trying to shill DOPEfun times, but not much money made
pic related is to counter the anon in crash to $900 kek>because people want to cash outwonder when was the last time I heard that one!oh right it'sEVERYFUCKINGDAY
another anon calling it like it eventually turned out to be
In THEORY you are right.
If you are selling a stock, you technically are "short" it, in The way that you believe the stock will go down.
However short selling and selling are very different.
Selling is just taking the price it's at now.
Short selling is trying to make money on price dips.
what are fees
The best biz thread ever was when some guy was asking about withdrawing $6,000 from his bank.
The amount of trolling in that thread was legendary.
4232710Pretty much you dont need to.Having high beliefs and trust into a coin doesnt make it moon
I once saw a thread where a guy was saying that crypto was a scam because there is literally no way to cash out.
That was a good thread.
What made it even more hilarious was that people were saying things like "why would you want to cash out" or "dude just get a bitcoin credit card" which made the OP's retarded ass argument look even more credible.And every time someone tried to show screenshots of them cashing out and money being deposited into their accounts, he would say it was photoshopped and that they were paid shills.
And when people tried linking him to exchanges that let you cash out directly to your bank account, he would just say that those were all scams and if you actually tried to cash out it wouldn't let you.
Hello fellow elites , I've the title of this thread.
Since it's for the best of businessmen, it was made for someone like me don't you think ?So I'll need advice, do someone know a quick way to make 1000k ?
I especially want guides available on youtube.
I can use my 1k I've saved.
so that's where the meme comes fromthis "argument" constantly pops up in /pol/ bitcoin threads
4234064Well its true, you cant cash out bitcoin.
Explain.Why would anyone ask /biz/ about withdrawing from their bank?What kind of trolling besides>are you fucking stupid?could you do?
He was concerned about the bank giving him a hard time about "withdrawing that amount of cash."
Damn, that was an awesome post.
Can't find it anywhere.
Some banks harass you if you try to withdraw more than $10k.
I have seen signs that say things like "pre-approval required for withdrawals of more than $10k" or something like that.
harassnigga wtf kinda country do you live inthey either let you, not let you, or have extra conditions for withdrawing bigger sums, like giving them a 24h notice in advanceit's simple rules that you people don't know about and think they're somehow "harassing" you, it's like you're some bitch in hollywood all of a suddenare you those retards that yell out I WANT TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER whenever they get confused?
I don't know, I don't use those banks
wtf is that cancer crop
This is the type of comments that thread generated.
WE HAVE THE TECHNOLOGYWE CAN REBUILD IT ANON
kek
Oh my fucking god
Damn, work of genius.
Guy put some thought into this.
bump for more
Maybe I'm a brainlet but where is that guy getting his numbers?
He's saying that his profit is $150k per qtr, which comes down to $360 a customer, with 1472 customers.
Is that profit per customer or revenue?
He also goes from 1472 customers per qtr to 1472 per month.Basically this guy looks like he btfo the dumb op larper but really made no sense
I fucking love /biz/.Someone post the screencap of the catalog when it was full of pink wojaks
Also where the fuck is he getting 1472?
No matter how I do the math I never get that.
https://warosu.org/biz/thread/2322182
Fucking kek
XD i lold hard
4233107>not being a /biz/ certified lizard bro
39 cents
Link is a total shitcoin but it has the best memes I've ever seen on here, it even outdoes Bitbean
Someone fjnally posted my acreenshotThe reply was from a blockfolio thread right after the major bullrun in the beginning of summer which makes it even more funny
why do faggots say this?-Link memes arent funny-They were never funny-Link is a shitcoin that is shilled here hard by a boiler roomLink people need to die
https://www.etsy.com/shop/CanteroCraftsI'm buying one
lost
Ah, I remember... Made a staggering 23 cents on that one.
I wish I had screwed everyone over right away instead of hoping that group will actually get anything done in the long run.
* 
4237946I think overall I made a bit more but it was clear it would be a waste of time man, surely you didn't take it seriouslyit was flawed by designbut at least it motivated me to automate some parts of it which was fun and actually made me some moneyI miss making pic related tho>never forget>the shittiest pump group of /biz/>may all the meme wizards live on i our hearts>the fucking bean
Does anyone have the vocaroo of the guy who checks his blockfolio?
You're entirely wrong.Consider you have 1000 shares of stock X worth 1 USD.
If you sell it, you walk away with 1000 USD.
Shorting it is like borrowing 1000 shares of stock X at a price of 1 USD, putting down 10 USD as collateral, if the price of X drops by one cent, you have to immediately liquidate your ten dollars and pay back the person you borrowed from.You will end up with absolutely nothing.
Shorting is like selling something you don't own.
I think what might have you confused is from the MARKETS POV, shorts are registered as sells because stock HAS been sold, but from YOUR POV, you borrowed that stock.
It's like saying getting a mortgage and buying a house are the same thing because the person selling the house gets paid...
PLUSHBRO NO
Shorting is like selling something you don't own.Shorting is **literally** selling something you don't own.
That said, "short" has been a term recently used more loosely to mean taking profit of downtrends (which can mean short selling or can also mean ordinary selling to accumulate).
Not *technically* correct, but still not completely inappropriate either
HOLY SHIT THAT'S ME!!!
!I remember making this thread!
I can't believe someone saved it!
That's me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ-dq2Y4Z-Y
Has anybody got a screencap of Charlie, the guy that started a thread by typing >"Hi Gang!"
>"I want to get to know you guys for the ICO my startup is launching soon"Or smth like that
It really is though...the restaurant was called "Pudge's Cheesesteaks" or something like that near Conshohoken, Pennsylvania.Just found a video of it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeJHSA5T6aUObviously that's not me but that's what I was supposed to eat.
I swear to god it looked bigger in person....
Lol at the guy in the back.
Is he getting a boner from watching that chad feast?
Also, yeah, that stuff looks way bigger when it's right in front of you, like Mona Lisa's nose>Obviously that's not mehttps://youtu.be/vnMQxIhidYo?t=19Sorry, anon.
I had to, I couldn't help but shitpost again.
That was me, honestly worst day of the past 3 years.
I made back my money by doing 2x BTC long on bitmex, then bought 80k LINK.
Still sucks knowing I could have another 100k.
DYOR Pajeet
I still remember the panic of realizing that my body could not hold any more food but if I didn't eat it I would lose money and the roof of  my mouth burned for the next 5 days, not like a normal burning from food that lasts maybe a day or two.
1 LINK centsJUST
I'll take "/biz/ has no idea that there's a difference between a short and a naked short" for $500
I'll take "/biz/ has no idea that there's a difference between short sell, naked short, and long sell" for 500k pajeet scamcoins
KEK

nigger.You bought 10 btc at 7500.
Figured you fucked up coz its gonna crash soon.1 - sell at 7500 = no profit2 - short (use 10 btc/$75000 as collateral and sell borrowed 90 btc) = btc crashes = $$$ fucking profit $$$ (the more it drops, the better for you)See the difference?
CAN YOU SEE IT?
lol
comcast>arsedthey have comcast over there too?
I remember that thread.
Shit went on for hours.It's you isn't it?
Fucking hell.
fucking comcast.
anyone have a cap of the dude who bat up his wife when she sold his btc or some shit/
i made dis
I'm the OP in that picture.I know I said that before in this thread but I'm not larping.
I swear to god that's me.
Thank you for the raffs m8
I have since been fired from that job and I remember scrolling /biz/ at work and wanting to see the tits on that girl but they were censored in blue all day so I went home and made that thread for it.
Someone eventually just posted them uncensored in the thread and I didn't have to pay.
can you link the uncensored girl?
she looks hot
Put me in the screencap plz
can someone post the pic of that slut again pls
4240556Give me a second.
4240556https://imgur.com/a/TbkJl
Just bought a lizard because of this thread.Asked for a green/white one.
thanks very much friend
Sweet mother of god my fucking sides
Does anyone have the reaction image in that post?
Muh links r gone

the classici made dis
Kek thanks anon

here, I made it
That is every person on /biz/ though
this should be stickied


LINK HYPE
>biz in a nutshell
Man I wished I saved caps of the Deluded Linkie bag holder who legit viewed link trading at $2 instead of 20 centsThe amount of shit he had tricked himself into believing that he ACTUALLY THOUGHT LINK WAS TRADING AT $2.
So fucking deluded... can't even begin to step into a mind of someone that crazy
NO ALL MY ETHER NON O NO YOU FUCKERAAAAAAAABut unironically.
What the fuck happened?
Did he click a link to ED that did some cookie embedded bullshit to fuck his money?
4232441423249842325054232576>when the thread becomes a parody of its own topic
were 2 dollars>now 3AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Shorting is selling a stock you don't own (your broker lends it to you).Covering your short is buying it back, and giving it back to your broker + interest.
Holy fucking shit my sidesEvery time
/biz/ is essentially retarded and can't comprehend that selling assets you own is going short, regardless if you borrowed those assets or not.
Nope, he just didn't know how to set up a reasonable/correct buy order and some peeps just filled his buy orders.Hi Charlie!
hahaha