
I'll wait until Black Friday when they release their first product and it plummets to $.02
think it'll break 700 sats?
sneaky bastards trying to moon the coins I sold for NEO but I was too quick this time
Are u retarded.
They’ll release their product and the price will skyrocket you fucking moron.
Sure thing OP!
That logo just PROVES that the people I don't know behind this thing are capable of building a complex scalable decentralized application.
Do you guys really think the prestigious Y-Combinator will let it's first backed ICO fail?
I'm willing to be they start buying the tokens themselves before that happens.
Yeah, after the Tether fraud knocks Bitcoin down to $1800.
Buy rumor, sell on news.
https://mobile.twitter.com/RequestNetwork/status/932211192810164224Bought 300k
What if I've already bought and I'm just waiting to get my motherfucking money back?
ya we pumpinback to 45m cap where we belong
You buy more to average down, that's what I'm doing.
Confido fags are dumpin in order to get into REQ.
Prepare for rocket launch REQbros!
REQ pumpingNo it isn't, you liar.I hold REQ and hate it when you make me check CMC just to see it is still at its measly 5cCome back with real news
just bought 5ksrs
 selling something that has yet to moon for something that already moonedclassic biz.
anyone holding or interested in REQ.Join the Request Share Holders Club:https://discord.gg/c6F4mJ

Time to sell the peak you mean
No I posted this capture because he said "No it isn't, you liar"
selling this lowstay poor faggot
Can someone comment on the static 25 coin transaction fee?
I can't find anything in google.
25 coin feeOr is that just binance appyling this fee based on gas cost?
Pump chasers like you and the pajeets will all hang on the Day of Rope.
Still less than $1.00Psh, that's nothing.True holders are waiting for PayPal to come begging for the technology.
this is crpyto buddy,>good news = price drop>bad news = price raise>no news = nice and steady fallbitcoin used for child porn, drugs and killers and it goes upeth maker likes CP and it goes up
Did they announce a date for the release of Colossus or is it still just sometime in December?
I'm trying to swing back and forth between this and Stellar.
He is talking of the 25REQ withdraw fee