Get it all out boys, here is your containment board.
Tell me why you are so angry and unhappy with yourself.>others make x15 on Confido>I went all in on REQ ICO>Ethereum is a thread to my beloved Bitcoin>Bitcoin forks make me angry>I bought ETH at >$100 and it JUST WON'T MOON MOMY!>a summerfag made a lucky pick>I bought ATH because /biz/ told me so>IOTA was not a Bitcoin killer after all>Others have money and friends>...Channel your hate here biz/poltard.
Let it all out!Here is your safe space, we all understand you.
Everyone gets angry and jealous at times!
Went in on AST and REQ, both below ICO, thought ICO flipping is over.
Then comes Ripio and Confido, both in my radar as projects with potential, decide not to invest as the ICO climate seems shit, they go 2x and 15x respectively.
Fuck dude.
fkk BITTREX.
I was Whitelisted for the ICO, but I couldnt withdraw because I dont the fucking know why.
Missed the ico and missed first hours of trading.
Missed atleast 10k dollars which I really need.
Storm token is next, an almost 100% sure Bittrex listing but the mcap is too high for such a project which is pretty meh, i still wont go in.Hope Wanchain does good when it releases.
I am happy.
Bought Chainlink at 1800 sats and sitting comfy on my 51k stack.
Also sitting on my 10k ODN stack which I bought 2 days ago.
Only thing I have to do now is wait, feeling comfy because I didn't buy out of greed into the overbought overhyped and overpumped shit that will most likely dump on me when I was too late.Gotta be patient and know when you are too late to the party if you want to make money, anon.
Tbf thats on you, you should have the ETH on your wallet hours before the ICO
My only regret right now is wasting $5000 on that fucking cindicator scam.
Obsessing over crypto means I have submitted no work this year.
Probably going to fail uni unless I can call it insomnia or depression.I've made crazy gains but it's still not enough to rescue me from wagecucking.Maybe crypto won't change the world.
being whitelisted for confido and not buying in due to all of the FUD herei had the fucking golden ticket that would unJUST me from the horrible month i had and chose not to use it.
cap was only 2 eth as wellJ U S TUST
I feel you.
Sold all my alts to go all in on REQ.Sold a few at a loss to participate in the Dragonchain ICO.
On the last day it doubled its contribution amount / market cap.Only had 0.5 ETH left for Confido.I can't focus anymore on my career.
Wanted to change jobs, company, progress the career latter earlier this year.
Now I refresh blockfolio instead of writing a CV and only make minor gains from time to time
two days later my eth is over 1btc, fucking btfo
I'm unable to give a shit about work either anymore.
that's why I'm quitting, I work 24/7 hustling shitcoin anyway.
Enough stress.
please, i cant take much more of this
Also, I signed up for the confidio ICO, but I forgot what fucking ETH address I used to sign up with JUST
Oh I forgot one:I think I have quite a good technical understanding of Blockchain and CS and try to use it to make educated investment decisions.And then there are these faggots asking how to buy token XY, coinbase doesn't sell it.
And they make more money than me because this market is garbage and stupid money wins.
ALL THE FUCKING TIME
When did you see ANY FUD about Confido?
It was quite clear that Confido is solid, if you're not retarded.
No FUD, average amount of shilling, just right not to scare away people because it is retarded.
Only problem was that it was sold out after like 30s.
People have been and still are FUDing it.
>only an app>graduates linked-in contactsThere is actually a screenshot of it floating around
it was fudded in every thread that mentioned it.
since id been JUSTed so hard by every ico in the last month i wasnt keen to get JUSTed again
ICO was a solid buy.
Buying now is retarded.
You have to know when you missed the party and wait a while.
bought at 24k, got dumped on againJUST
no way m8, buy high, sell when it crashes.
This.
In the same boat.
Sucks.
youre not the only one, together we are strong
are you me?