I also spent 0.0629 ($20 USD) writing this flag.
All ethereum nodes will have to host it forever.Proof: http://grafiti.online/source/0x4a6f6b9ff1fc974096f9063a45fd12bd5b928ad1/3ITT Ethereum, Dapps, Financial Graffiti
What's your position on the NAP?
The NAP is core to free society, and every infringement is an injustice.
4392188NAP also violates NAP, it's cyclic hell
does it?
how?
What if someone eventually manages to negotiate themselves into consensual contracts with everyone else where everyone else is their slave but has rights to basics like food and shelter, and it's the rational thing for all of them to do because they don't have any other feasible choice because land and resources are finite and already owner by someone else than themselves?Basically, how does an ancap society solve the centralization of power into neo-feudalism problem if there is no credible threat of force against those who leverage their property in a way that check mates people into slavery?Or is that just a feature, not a bug?
who cares?
there is plenty of space on the internet
We must do our part to protect ourselves from the barbarians.
Mass-produced McNukes and Hunter Killer drones should be sufficient to protect against the Commies.
I subscribe to minarchy, where we join or leave shared defense services that arbitrage with each other in case of aggression.
They would compete with each other and the market would work out the best strategy.
I don't think they would fight each other, because that would be expensive and have implications with every competing service.
It's too bad reality doesn't care what brand of delusional schizophrenia you subscribe to.
Ethereum mints $230,000 per hour worth of ether, and will be able to sustain itself indefinitely.
The blockchain is required to derive the state, so as long as Ethereum is around, every node will replicate my publications.
Ethereum is likely to outlive Facebook and Google.
You can't sign away your free will.
Contract is null and void.
The right to unlimited free secession remains protected.
Let them take it because i don't want the hassle> Call insurance company> They extract the intruders and return my property to me> I get to determine the punishment, within reason ofcourse> They tried to steal my house, so i demand the value of a house returned to me on top of my house> Everybody wins
BUY DAT LISK FOR THOSE MOONIES
Standard life insurance will include cause of death investigation, to protect against murder.
Aggression here implies initiation.
Injustice is also aggression, but justice is not.
No person can inherit more than x - anything above is 'redistributed'But seriously, concentration of wealth isnt only a problem in an ancap society.
Maybe a market is able to force unethical corporations to change, but in a world with finite ressources and such an imbalance of power there will be lords and serfs
Wealth usually fades in a couple generations.
Most of the America's billionaires are self-made.
Wealth is created, not distributed.Regarding capital/land/assets: of course investment should have returns; otherwise nobody would do it.
There are people that inherit whole companies.
Sure, there are the zuckerbergs of innovatiin etc, butSusanne Klatten owns 51% of bmw shares by inheritance.
Up until the revolution in russia in 1917 land was concentrated in a few royal hands.
A friend of mine owns acres and acres of wineries in portugal, producing millions of liters of wine a year.
Wealth, like industrial wealth and land that was invested into, is generated, and then controlled.
How it is controlled, by whom etc, how profit/surplus is used is something markets are efficient at but dont act as if a person born with nothing into nothing has all the options a libertarian utopia promises.
PhysicallyRemoved Ltd. will take care of you.
I wonder that as well so bump.
Says fucking who?>Inb4 hurr Durr we'll just make "contracts" with everyone and everyone else until we have something that basically like a government but even less effecient and less guaranteed for all