I just went all in on Monero for absolutely no fucking reason.
Ask me anything.
how does a surfactant interact with an ionic liquid?
dipole dipole
why did you do the same shit as me.
monero al the way
I moved my holdings from about 10% monero to about 30%.
I might be wrong, but it's one of the few coins I feel confident in.
Should've bought its more volatile sibling, AEON
What color lambo are you gonna buy?
Generic yellow lambo
guess what.
me too.
Why didn’t you wait until another -20% or more?
>don't even think about buying low>wait until almost ATH again>go all in with pocket money and imply it was serious money <- You are here>get owned hard by a correction>post pink wojacksJust the average biz-story.
It will go up long term anyway, and I haven't bought it purely for profits.
It just feels good that no matter how much it goes up or fluctuates, I'm holding a coin that I can actually fucking use and isn't some Chinese shit that I will buy and then sell at 20% increase.
itll be under .014 in no time if btc continues this bullrun shoulda waited
I told you that story in confidence.
Should measure its worth in fiat, no point in measuring it against an inferior and more volatile cryptocurrency.
it will be over .02 if it start falling though
OP, Is your grandma mad you spent all your birthday money in one place right after she told you not too???
b-but muh, only need to increase BTC!1
true xmr is actually the only alt that has gained consistently against its btc trading pair unlike litecoin iota and eth in most cases if u bought an alt in the past few years with btc u got fuckedi a fair amount of monero but i trade with a good portion to try and accumulate during dipsmade a lot of monero selling before the fork bullshit and buying back at .014-.015
What is good buy up to price for XMR?
on the last PBC it was 80 bucks or 60 which was quite low
Do not take PBC with any grain of salt, it's professional pump and dumpXMR has a proper use case if this whole market crashes (can buy drugs anonymously and hide your entire wealth).
Anything below 300 is a steal
I have bought in on small portions and different prices, but the 60 bucks seemed awfully low in PBC.
Does he really expect the value to halve?
thank you.
I have been holding since we were around 130 a few months back
Ionic >DipoleLel
Do dolphins have souls?
holding 430 xmr since 87$ , am gonna make it biz bros ?also a random question , i have my xmr in a paper wallet and want to check that everything is still there , is there a way to check it without using my seed ?
while my pc is 100% i dont want to have my seed exposed except the day am going to sell
You're going to make it.
I've already told you this before, anon, in another XMR thread.
ahaha ty once again , every now and then i have the urge to ask biz bros for some confirmation , i have locked my xmr till december 2019 , lets hope we all make it
You better Incase that paper in some protective glass.Average projections for Monero put it at $1,000 EOY 2018... if u hold until then, you’ll Lambo most likely.
Increase your holdings though
Look into view keys.
If you have the private viewkey, you can see it with a block explorer
my initial plan is to hold till december 2019 but it sill be tough not to sell some at 1k$ , thinking to sell 130 xmr at 1k$ and hold the rest.I will try to set some money on the side each month and buy any dip i can .
i really believe in xmr
the problem with the viewkey is that you can only see ingoing transcations, so you cant see the true balance, if someone hacked it and sent all my xmr i would still see 430 available
They seem to have consciousness.
That's the closest we can get to scientifically pinpointing the soul.
Then again it can be argued that the concept of "souls" is made up crap by spiritual/religious people and that, just like dolphins, humans don't have one.
whats it like being so comfy?
i put 25% of my stack in....
too bad you didnt buy when it was 80 bux, but still probably one of the best investments
I think I might join XMR for the same reason.
Where do you see XMR, short and long term?
Will it moon like ETH?
Is it worth taking the disgustingly overpriced 0.04 transaction fee to pull this out of Bittrex?
I dunno why they have the fee that high but it's not like I can do anything about it and I don't really want to keep it on the exchange.
Short term, like in a month or so, $200+.
Long term, like 5 years?
Anywhere from $1000-$10,000 each, and I expect the second one.We have to remember that the market cap of crypto as a whole will increase massively as the years progress, so reaching a 150 billion market cap for the best privacy coin really isn't out of the question.
Bought a bit at $85 and am thinking of getting more.
How does monero plan on scaling tho?
Fees are already pretty high since all txs are mixed though.
Fees equate to 30 cents currently if you use low priority.
At least from a proper wallet and not an exchange.
The last transaction I sent had a fee of 0.003
I currently have 2.68 BTC.
This is 60% of my portfolio.Strongly considering swapping over to XMR, which will get me about 130 XMR.Do I stand to make more profit if I were to do this?
That is the key question really.
I am also very keen on the idea of my wealth being completely anonymous and hidden
Wojack pink ofc
Do you see bitcoin gaining at _least_ 3-5x its value in the near near-distant future?
Because I think Monero has a much higher chance of doing so, if not a lot more.Nothing's sure though dude, you just gotta make a choice.
Yeah that's the big question.
I don't have enough to put any decent amount of fiat into XMR, so the only option is selling my BTC.
But I'm slightly reluctant to give up my BTC because, well...it's BitcoinYou're right, it's far less likely to do 3-5x than BTC.
And I believe it will be far less likely affected by all this tether bullshit and other market silliness that BTC is affected by.I'm also reluctant to buy it right now because it's almost ATH and I'm hoping for a dip...
Don't make an emotional decision you might regret.
Ask yourself why you want to do this.
Ask yourself what the safest way to do this would be.
Maybe something like 30% into XMR if you really want to?
this.
i'm waiting until dip.
should i spend $800 on this
You're right, it's far less likely to do 3-5x than BTC.I said the opposite actually.
But I'm basing that off Monero's currently underrated position vs Bitcoin's overrated one.I agree that it will probably suffer a lot less in terms of percent loss when the bubble bursts than Bitcoin too.
sorry typo on my part, I meant it is far MORE likely
nah, only a single dev who's been dragging his ass the last 3 years with zero code of any substance contributed other than altering a few lines here and there, no thanks.
Monero is the thing that is near guaranteed to exist 20 years from now after bitcoin goes under.
As bitcoin is the hedge against a stock market crash, monero is the real hedge against a bitcoin crash.
its open source technology is unstoppable.
Same here OP, except my reason is that it's an awesome coin, see you in lamboland
i spent 600 and got 1000 out of my last trade ymym anon
in most cases if u bought an alt in the past few years with btc u got fucked.Couldnt be further from the truth
It's true if you didn't have great timings.
After alot of reading and hardwork i turned my small holdings of litecoin and turned it into 420$.I need your advice on how best to increase my bitcoin position.I have a girlfriend so it's not possible for me to spend money on crypto instead of her.
(Justed)I'm gambling on bitfinex by the way.
Monero is one of my favorite Altcoins.
Great potential, in my opinion.
Guys, also check out TIO, a great opportunity for early birds.
They just got listed on etherdelta and are yet to be listed on coinmarketcap, with only 450000 tokens in circulation.
Their price is really low right now., we all know, that the price will rise up as soon as they're getting listed on CMC.
I found this link here:
Why do you have to spend money on a girlfriend?
Doesn't she have a job?
Guys, also check out TIO, a great opportunity for early birds.
They just got listed on etherdelta and are yet to be listed on coinmarketcap, with only 450000 tokens in circulation.Okay pajeet.
Like I plan on buying an etherdelta-only coin.
I don't have alot if cash to pour in , especially nothing bitcoin with it at 8k.Is XMR a good medium to long term investment (6-12 months, possible 24) to put in between 600-800 USD?
Or should I put it into ETH or LTC?
ETH and LTC carry weight due to being among the first movers... tech wise, they aren’t even the best solutions for their respective classifications.Conversely, XMR is THE privacy coin... and a few other aspects of it that make it unique and in its own class... plus the developers are great and focused on fixing the coin’s weaknesses.
The real weakness is that they have little to no marketing... it’s mostly word of mouth.LTC and ETH will get more normie-bucks though so it’s a catch 22...
all three
Diversifying is always the 'smart' option.
But it's reduced risk for reduced reward.
Never ever sell your bitcoin.
If you want to buy xmr then buy with Fiat and try to earn more
4488667Scared money don't make money and all that jazz I'm not playing with enough cash to diversify in a meaningful way imo, even if I split 200 into each coin I think my returns would be middling at best LTC is the cheapest of the three options but I haven't heard anyone talk about it.
ETH is strong but the most expensive.XMR gets talked about here a lot but I'm not seeing much movement on it.Do you think the privacy of XMR outweighs the possible huge influx on normiebucks?
Limit your girlfriend spendings on 10% of your income.
Use the rest to buy crypto
I'm not playing with enough cash to diversify in a meaningful way imo, even if I split 200 into each coin I think my returns would be middling at bestI'm in a similar boat which is why I'm staying out of bitcoin and just going deep into a few alts (including XMR) and hoping they blow up something huge.
Worst case scenario I'm out a few thousand bucks (so far), which isn't really a big deal on a lifelong scale.
LTC is the cheapest of the three options but I haven't heard anyone talk about it.
ETH is strong but the most expensive.>>XMR gets talked about here a lot but I'm not seeing much movement on it.>>Do you think the privacy of XMR outweighs the possible huge influx on normiebucks?LTC being cheap doesn't mean shit, low numbers now, doesn't mean shit.
I guarantee you that in the long run, assuming ETH doesn't collapse internally, ETH will give bigger returns than LTC.I don't know if XMR will catch on or not, I hope so, it's possible it will always be niche however.
Or people could go full privacy hysteria and it becomes worth a boatload of money.
Hmm monero seems to have alot more confidence in it then ETH does.Swinging on it at 140 and holding for 6 months shouldn't be terrible Do you guys use usb or paper wallets?
How should I go about making one?
I have more confidence in it than ETH from a technical standpoint, especially after the smart contract fuck up a while back.
But ETH is where the big corporate money is going to be, at least in the short term.Since I plan to long term hold I moved my monero into a cold wallet yeah.
Personally using monero-wallet-cli but there's a GUI version, hopefully it's in good shape now.
If you do use a wallet just make sure to use an official one that you control personally (ie.
not My Monero).Obviously we can't predict the market but if you're willing to hold Monero for 6 months I'd wait at LEAST 12 unless the project somehow implodes.
Monero, BTC, LTC and ETH are all 100% safe bets.You may not see 10x moon missions but at least you don't have to worry about (((confido)))-like situations
yes...
I help u... please send to me private key i will help for u my friend
4489113Should I go btc or eth for long term?
I would go ETH, but right now I've pulled out of both and put it into alts.
I'll probably put some into ETH in the future but I doubt I'll put anything into BTC unless it crashes hard first.
I just don't see big gains from jumping in at this point, and a high risk of waking up to bankruptcy.
If you want one I think ETH has the biggest potential for growth, but I'd favor going 60/40 on ETH and BTC or something like that, for extra safety
choosing a woman who just trade up from you as soon as she can>not choosing BTC, XMR, LTC, or ETH to be your gfFuck man, going all in on Link would be a better choice.
It's a good coin but remember it's basically "Bitcoin + we solved one problem (Anonymity)"It's not revolutionary and it has rivals, it probably won't be big long termPros are it's actually used on dark net markets rather than 99% of useless vaporware shitcoins
Do you believe ETH will become number 1 and beat BTC in marketshare?
And when?Also shill me on ETH flippening
If you arent married tell her to fuck off and get a god damn job.
You can invest your money however you feel and she can eat a bag of assholes.stop being a cuck.
I doubt it will take BTC's marketshare, the only way I see that happening is complete corporate adoption of crypto, and by that stage I think ETH will have been replaced by something less shit.
Honestly I don't know enough to give you good info on this though really, I'm just saying what I personally see as going on at the moment.
check em
nice dubs, check mine
Damn niggaz
ASIC resistance>dynamic blocksize>smooth emission + tail emission>privacy (a really hard problem)>one problem