WHY DOES THE IRS WANT OUR PASSWORDS/2/1/1/!?!?!?!?!
?http://fortune.com/2017/07/10/bitcoin-irs-coinbase/
Because they think private keys are passwords and they want access to your money.
This is why we need decentralized exchanges.
Because the IRS is staffed with a bunch of leftist psychopaths, especially the Obama holdovers.
43616934361705income taxes did not exist until 1913 and are unconstitutional
 is also the year we decided it'd be a great idea to pay a group of unelected international bankers for the right to issue United States dollars.Of course, the act establishing the Federal Reserve was passed during Christmas break.
With Jews you lose and so do your great grand kids and every subsequent generation
it really makes me sad to see how far the US has fallen from our founding fathers vision.
You say anything about it though and you get called a "patriot right wing nut job"I'm not even that right wing, I just want the fucking government to stop gouging it's citizens and using the money to fill their cups.I mean its fucking blatantly obvious what we have going right now isn't what our founding fathers wanted.
Yet people are all OK with it and if you say anything you're "one of those guys".What the fuck?
People were never meant to be free.
We literally can't escape.
income taxes>unconstitutionalUnfortunately not, given the amendment.
Don't be so heartless, anons.Remember, somebody's gotta pay for all the subhuman leeches.
I'll spell it out for you, a democracy just like any other form of government has cycles.During a cycle the goverment will keep growing like the cancer it is and tax more and more of all your money away to make itself bigger.The only way is to restart it and burn everything to the ground.
You will slowly get there as the middle class vanishes with only a 90% poor layer and 10% rich.The wealth gap has been growing drastically in the united states and will continue to worsen.
After this stage is complete you need a certain event to trigger the revolution, examples: famine, housing, thirst, ...This will then be used to kickstart the revolution.
The current wealth disparity is simply not sustainable.
/2019 crash will be an interesting time.
4362098mass media has done wonders for pacifying the populace, if we didn't have tv I'm sure this shit would have come to a head decades ago
Something tells me the people in support of it weren’t celebrating Christmas anyway.
If we didn’t have mass media we’d just be back to lobotomising political dissidents.
That doesn't sound like a valid point.
They lobotomized a president with a sniper rifle on TV afterall...