>The main net launch will be ready once it meets our expectations ALONG WITH THE VARIOUS BUSINESSES WE ARE WORKING WITH - Straight from Rory himself>we're currently reimplementing the core pieces in golang, want to get an initial piece together before putting it out there, but we'll release it early on - Steve in Gitter>https://gitter.im/smartcontractkit-chainlink/LobbyDo you fags get it now why Steve literally said they are REIMPLEMENTING things?
LINK was only originally for BTC and ETH blockchains.
They added Hyperledger support the latest.
So its understandable why some of the features for BTC and ETH are not yet available for Hyperledger.Guess who fucking likes Hyperledger faggets.... thats right.... Morgan Stanley.
Kek just kidding but seriously this is huge.
nice compil mate, thanks
The upper right part is the most important bit, I think Rory got really hurt with the insults so he finally spoke a paragraph.
this is huge.
all I know is it's clear these guys are not fucking around.
they are working hard on getting this shit ready, and serious businesses like that sort of stuff.
including....Morgan.
Stanley.
>However when it comes from a post that insults me in the last line, it loses credibility in my eyesRory is going to hang himself if you carry on bullying him
However when it comes from a post that insults me in the last line, it loses credibility in my eyes - RoryYou fags really hurt Rory kek.
He fucking lost it m8.
He even became more vocal and shit enough to accidentally leak they are working with various businesses.
Be patient lads, no need to pressure Rory and Sergey.
They know what they're doing
Time to double the harassing for information efforts and scare off potential big business partnerships with our autism.
We will destroy this Lambo project before it gets off the ground REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Whatever it is, it's priced in.
why does it give me a hardon to own link... maybe i should accumulate more

that would be epic
fuck those that made Rory cry
This.
x100k
thisthere is absolutely no need to shill anymoreseriously, let it be driven by pure mother fucking demand boiz, and we will all ripe the fruits in 2019
 Buy my bags anon
ALL IN
It's already priced in.
ok but does this means years or months?
I thought they allready had a working product?
You mean 90% of biz?
I feel bad for him though, something about the way he wrote the message makes me feel that he's really hurt.
Morgan.
Freeman.Rent.
Free.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1uTsqJVAeo
months for a finished product2 years untill it goes on full steam, but many neets will probably be able to retire earlier

We are all going to make it bro's.
This thing is heading for $5 when they release.
ok but does this means years or months?The main net release was supposed to be aroudn Q2 2018.
But rory said in another post that they are trying to push for an early release.>I thought they allready had a working product?Yes, it works enough for a PoC with major financial institutions so it should be easier to produce a production level main net.
Honestly this is why I'm having a hard time deciding whether i should buy in more LINK now or keep it in short term moon missions.
These guys are so tight-lipped that we wont know when a big announcement is coming.
Sergey said 1-2 years in his last conference talk.
I think they are going to have a working product within 3 months which they are testing now and then it is down to implementation and acquiring full contracted partnerships.
You should start to see it gaining traction Early 2018.
Yea guys a lot of work is being done.
Big secret business discussions and what not.
We'll reveal everything soon I promise k?
Thanks for buying my shitcoin buy I need a new boat and x number of blowjobs per hour before we can really do anything keep holding and accumulating guies thnxs
4431500Jinx.
>Did we just become best friends?
I already accumulated my stack that will allow me to retire but I also have some money in short term shitcoins like BAT for example so hopefully they do a mini moon and money will go to accumulate the fuck out of LINKI feel addicted to buying LINK, I just want to have more and more
Dam is this OC?
Good shit bro
Whatever dude, dont buy LINK then.
Its not like we are forcing you.
Just use the filter at the upper right hand corner of 4chan.
I feel addicted to buying LINK, I just want to have more and moresame here.
when you know, you just know.
for now.
Sergey said 1-2 years in his last conference talk.He said 1 - 2 years before smart contract is used everywhere in businesses.
I mean if LINK pumps to $5 after main net isreleased it doesnt mean widespread usage of smart contracts has already happened.
where do i buy in
at 100 sats
x number of blowjobs per hourLiving the dream
The more people that realize that this network will be a conduit for trillions upon trillions of dollars (potentially on day 1 depending on level of Swift implementation.)
The faster this will occur.
thisdon't buy LINK faggots if you don't understand the projectI get that it may be frustrating to you brainlets seeing all those threads, but that's how it is in life, smart money makes bank, brainlets get scraps, filter the threads and don't be a party pooperhold my beerpic rel
IT'S NOT A CULT!!!Promise...
God, I love LINK and my Lord Sergey.
>Praise himThis tho.
I have 5k LINK nearly and I do not even want to risk flipping it to make more.
Instead, I am flipping other alts to buy more LINK with.
I shall not risk a single LINK!#NotACult
Yeah, thats what I meant.
1-2 years for full network implementation.
3-6 months before they start making contracted deals with a fully working product and begin integrating it.
These guys are so tight-lipped that we wont know when a big announcement is coming.fucking this...it wouldn't surprise me if they casually posted a huge partnership on twitter.>so, uh, we released the main net, and swift is very happy, partnership confirmed...good news i guess?
Yeah, although i think sergey prefers to share news on slack now.
They jumped the gun with the ICO plain and simple
Ok this is what I'm waiting for, anything above 50 cent or something to be in the green would make me happy
What are you even talking about faggot?
Is this a good time to go all-in?
Will it drop to 10c?
They hyped up this coin with fucking huge bank logos and companies like Bloomberg and NYSE on their page, to grab as much cash as possible from gullible investors.
Then they stopped updating their website and went dark on investors.
Scam.
Coin.
well you better change your sentiment because 50c is gonna look on the long term chart like a goosebump on your arm
Seriously guys.
Just get some, put that in your wallet and forget about it.
Come back to see your profits in 2019.
>However when it comes from a post that insults me in the last line, it loses credibility in my eyesHahahaha I can't believe the Chainlink team actually reads /biz/.
Poor Rory, I knew we were getting to him.
You guys are fucking ruthless to the poor guy.
Can someone post the LARP thread about the other project?
They hyped up this coin with fucking huge bank logos and companies like Bloomberg and NYSE on their page, to grab as much cash as possible from gullible investors.Yeah, then dont buy kek.
I'm sure you shouldnt be worried about us making bank in a few months since you are sooooo sure this is a fucking scam despite all the evidence.
Same here, Almost have 50k, just waiting for my buyorder to go through, brb need a little bit of fudding to get there
All ICOs should moon instantly or else they are failures.
I got in at crowdsale and got out at $0.46.
Hold these bags son
Just be patient and enjoy the memes lads.
This is the closest to a sure thing as we’re ever likely to get.
There will come a time in the future when you look back on your LINK memes folder with nostalgia.
Being able to buy stuff pretty much whatever you want will be fun but nothing will compare to the excitement you’ll feel on the way upEnjoy the anticipation.
Keep the memes on here or else it makes the project look bad by association
They hyped up this coin with fucking huge bank logos and companies like Bloomberg and NYSE on their pagedesu it was extremely under the radar, the only reason i knew about it was because of biz and cryptonigger.
he doesn't read /biz/ some idiot was bitching in slack that "some guy on 4chan said that his wife's son's husband's dog says that(...)"
They hyped up this coin with fucking huge bank logos and companies like Bloomberg and NYSE on their page, to grab as much cash as possible from gullible investors.>I got in at crowdsale and got out at $0.46.
Hold these bags sonYeah sure buddy.
You're someone who thinks the LINK ICO investors are gullible investors and that the logos are fake but also fucking bought in the ICO.
N1ce contradictions
Fucking thisenjoy the moment guys, because in a 2 year time you'll remember those moments, posting with other neets about link on a macedonian origami forum as the best time of your life, with tears of happiness, no millions will beat that (although it's gonna be nice escaping wagecuckism)
I should say the gullible investors who lost out on crowdsale by a few blocks.
I got lucky and was able to buy in at 0.10.
Others weren’t so lucky, bought at $0.23 and are underwater.
I can post my address as proof but doesn’t matter, my point stands.
This coin is going nowhere for a long time
So you're saying that you bought into the ICO of what you thought was an obvious scam?
Kek.
Whatever.
Just put your money where your mouth is.
Dont buy LINK.
4431766This.
Plus 721 anon you do realise that you can sell what you have no at any time and as long as you buy more for lower you will have lost nothing right?
HODL is a meme.
I had some LINK I bought at 35c and sold it at 28c then rebought more LINK than I had before at 23c.
So yeah, I am still in the red but I am in the red with more LINK.
>don't visit /biz/ for a week or two>apparently some of you faggots started some kind of "they have another project" fudWtf is wrong with you ppl.
This.
It's at fucking 60 million market cap, this shit is at rock bottom.
60% of all my money is in LINK and I'm considering making it 80% if LINK ever drops further.
Lmao, Chainlink was one of the most far advanced projects that ever did an ICO, the fuck are you talking about?Chainlink had v1.0 of the network ready before the presale, OMG for instance won't have anything close to a product like that for months still.
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA seriously what the fuck did you guys do to Rory.
I just found out he said more shit about partnerships.
The partnerships they are going to release after main net isnt like Confido etc.
Its enterprises.
I’ll buy your bags at 0.02 anon don’t worry
Yeah sure no problem buddy.
Put buy orders at 0.02.
thisguys, post >yfw no amount of FUD can change your sentiment because of the fuckload of research you've done over the weeks

long timeOnly if you have ADHD.
oracle theoryrare serg
ONE STEP CLOSER TO EDGEAND IM ABOUT TO...
EVERYTHING YOU SHILL TO MEIM ONE STEP CLOSER TO THE LAMBO DEALER
this.
you stupid kids and your lunch money chasing moon missions.
IF IT DOESN'T 3x IN A WEEK IT'S GARBAGE.
you will not make it.
OH SHITsoon sergey will be taking selfies in front of big bank HQs
SHUT UP WHEN IM TALKIN TO YOU
44321174432073YEH I NEED A LITTLE ROOM TO BREATHE
It starts with one linkI don't know whyIt doesn't even matter how hard you fudKeep that in mindI designed this rhymeTo explain in due timeAll I knowLink is a valuable thingWatch it fly by as the BTC swingsWatch it count down to the end of the dayThe clock ticks sells awayIt's so unrealDidn't look out belowWatch the link go right out the windowTrying to buy more, but you didn't even knowWasted it all just to watch link goI kept everything insideAnd even though you tried, it all fell apartWhat it meant to meWill eventually be a memory of a time whenYou tried so hardAnd got dem bagsBut in the endIt doesn't even matterI had to fallTo lose it allBut in the endIt doesn't even matter
Like ETH all over, all of this shill and FUD
I saved so much, and bought a lot, but in the end i only got JUSTed
Buy the FUD, sell the FOMO
Deluded.
Those logos simply illustrate the use case.And the use case was interesting enough for companies like Swift, Sony, AXA, BNP Paribas, Barclays, Santander, ...God damn you are retarded.
4431500443159744318964432036AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI had 160k LINK at one point but now I only have 125k.
Fuuuck I don't think I have the time or money to recuperate, but I really want to retire in the next couple of years.
With 160k I could have followed some kind of sensible selling plan once things BTFO, but with 125k I think I gotta hold steady for a little longer and not sell right away as LINK hits 5 bucks.
Fuck, how do I play this in a way that makes me a millionaire but isn't absolutely retarded (e.g.
"just wait till link hits 10 bucks and sell everything at once").
BTW I also have 200k+ REQ, so at least I have that as a backup plan...
man, with 125k you are more than comfy and will be one of the first ones to sell probably, 10bn MC by 2019 is CONSERVATIVE
whining about having 125k LINKdude, you're gonna be fine
Well sell 25k when Link is 5 bucks.
Thats 100k.
Buy into something else.
With 100k link thats easy retirement when link hits 1000000$ per coin :)
I acted as retarded as you once, and I lost all my profit due to that, so I'll give you a protip: always sell at least 50% of your stack during hype, ALWAYS.
Its always the same shit:>shit is hyped due to rumors, good news gets released>massive fomo boosts the price>it corrects>shit finds an equilibrium at a certain point>sideways shit for a couple of days/ weeks if you're lucky>hype dies + new bitcoin rally>price crashes
you will be one of the first ones to sell probablyThis.That's one of the pitfalls of being a whale-let early adopter.
lol this is exactly right, sadly.
especially the part about the BTC rally.
you think everything is ok, your coin found the floor.
and then BTC rallies and your coin goes to absolute shit >.<
I’m getting tired of that shitcoin
4432496>selling at 50%are you serious?this is probably the only project in crypto that will have a REAL WORLD FREAKING USE CASE ON A GOBAL SCALE, this is not some shitcoins announcing a stupid new wallet or a shitty conference that pumps 30% and goes back to its shitty price levellol but do as you will, I guess we have to have sellers like you in order to get to the top3 CMC list
FUGGG I ONLY HAVE 1.2k RIGHT NOWI AM STILL ACCUMULATING REEEEE
mfw when an anon sold LINK at an 80% loss to buy into NEO's relative ATH
i think you misunderstood, i'm saying that selling half your stack at the end of a bullrun is smarter than holding fucking everything in the hopes it goes even higher....you're making it a gamble that way.
a gamble that didn't work out well if you held your whole stack post-sibos.
10k sats ATH, currently around 2000 sats...had you sold 50% at ATH, you could've increased your stack 2.5x.
You got a crystal ball to call these tops?
It's easy to call in retrospect.
yea I see what you mean, but that strategy is good for shitcoins, or even some good coins too, but it's because 99.9% of the coins out there have no real life outside-crypto use case.
Their only purpose is to function around other shitcoins creating new ones/moving them etc.So it's driven only by speculation, of course it's a rollercoaster that way, and selling in increments is smart but with Chainlink when their product is finished and all those institutions start using it?
they only way it's gonna go is UP and then pobably stagnate on some level like ETH or Ripple today
the usual stuff...huge sell wall, failure to break ATH several times, volume going down, etc....chainlink was an extremely easy case actually...it failed to break that 10k sats ceiling so many fucking times it was ridiculous.
finally, during sibos, when some really bullish news was posted there was a moon mission of like 2 minutes, which immediately crashed.
that's when I knew it was time to at least sell a bit of my stack.
Don't bully rory
finally, during sibos, when some really bullish news was posted there was a moon mission of like 2 minutes, which immediately crashed.That was probably the most bullshit moment in the history of all crypto.Out of nowhere, we learn that five major banks were directly involved in Link's Sibos demo; the price jumps a little, immediately crashes LOWER than before, and just continues to decline.Meanwhile, a RUMOR about fucking McD Thailand makes OMG moon like crazy for weeks.
What's a decent wallet for LINK?
We honestly need to pool money to do something nice for Rory when Link makes us all millionaires.
myetherwallet.com
tfw still got 2-3 weeks to accumulateIm ALL IN on link, then hodl till q1 19
Mew
That was so fucking bullshit.
The pump didnt even last an hour.
That's because Link is the most obscure sleeping giant in all of crypto.
Noone outside /biz/ even knows of its existence, that situation hyped a few /biz/ guys up and made them buy but that was it.
Nobody else was watching or cared so the pump ended quickly.
.it failed to break that 10k sats ceiling so many fucking times it was ridiculous.
times
it's an erc20 token so any ethereum wallet like MyEtherWallet or a hardware wallet like trezor or ledger
yeah, well, it shows how important exposure is...people like to joke about OMG, but they know how to hype shit beyond the max.
LINK was (and still is) very much under the radar.
therefore the people who knew about the project were already holding, and when the good news was released there was a bit of fomo, but way too little.
no volume = crash.
but seriously this is huge.
But it is huge kek
4433131Cheers, I'm not a huge fan of the website but I'll give it another crack.
I like jaxx but it doesn't seem to work for it.
Fuck your, bitch bastird.
Oracle is real problem.
Gotta love Rory
These guys are so tight-lipped that we wont know when a big announcement is coming.This is why I said fuck it and bought in now, still have some money in moon missions to accumulate more though.
Not going to moon from this.
Not going to moon for awhile.
Problem with Link is /biz/ is the only online community on the whole smart enough to understand it.
It's early days of Ethereum all over again.
Same, i have SALT waiting to moon this december too.
It's early days of Ethereum all over againI keep hearing this, was biz even the first in ETH?
Didnt biz and reddit hype up about it at the same time?
I wasnt here back then, only heard about it at like $50.
Just sold my SALT for more LINK
HOLY SHIThttps://www.scribd.com/document/364807943/Sergey-Paper
4433555DON'T CLICK IT STOLE MY LINKS
https://www.scribd.com/document/364807943/Sergey-Paperwhat the FUCK IS THIS
WHAT THE FUCK????
IS THIS LEGIT?What does it even mean.
I understand the oracle problem but this is too much for a man like me to understand.
44335554433578you nigger, you just deleted it
It's gone.
I saw the bibliography and shit.
I think he literally just replaced the two authors with Vitalik and Sergey.
Its fake.
Yeah, I remember almost spending $500 (my whole savings and then some) on ETH when it was $30.
Sorry.I used mathgen, it's an inside joke for math nerds.
It was a dumb idea so I deleted it.http://thatsmathematics.com/mathgen/
it's an inside joke for math nerdsAt least we know we got the smart dudes invested in fucking LINK kek
Ebin
4433587Haha wow...Fuck it.
Going all in.
Just bought another 3000 LINKWhy is it so addictive?
checked
don't fomo me manI'm thinking of putting my btc into LINK especially with those dark clouds under btc-bitfinex-tether "coalition"
I will FOMO youWhat's more likely, Bitcoin going to $77,000 or Chainlink going to $1.70?And how much further, realistically, can Chainlink drop?
I wouldn't be at all surprised if BTC tanks back down to $5000.Sure, BTC might go to $10k between now and the time when Chainlink inevitably moons.
But so what?
In % terms it's not that muchChainlink is the closest you're ever likely to get to a sure thingPic related
i mean, you guys need to face it.
youre just buying another crypto that happens to be at a pretty obvious floor.
its gonna go up some eventually.
you will not be prophets for making that call
its gonna go up some eventually.
you will not be prophets for making that callUhhh but if it reaches a billion dollar marketcap?
I think biz would be considered as a prophet at that point.
I think in a year bitcoin will go easily +20K when the normie money starts really flooding in.But meh, in a year or two link will go 100-1000x.
Kill yourself you spoiled faggot you don't deserve gains that's why you lost 35k link
I think in a year bitcoin will go easily +20K when the normie money starts really flooding inahahaahah what kind of fucking normie hasnt heard of bitcoin at this point?
most of those that have heard of bitcoin at this point and havent bought in yet are NEVER going to buy in.
its just straight up denial that normies are not in bitcoin yet.
I already have a nice stack of LINK, also will probably make a fiat deposit, and trade other coins for LINK too, just not sure if I want to stay with btc.it's not about buying a coin at the floor just to dump it after 50% gain,this can literally be a top5 if not top3 coin in 2 yearsthat's what I'm thinking too
Alsohttps://twitter.com/BitfinexedAlsohttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsAlsoAlso>pic relatedAlsoBitcoin cashSo many reasons to be bearish about BTC.
It will probably keep going up for a while but eventually people will give up on it.
It's a question of when, not if
4431307kek'd so hard at those buffett quotes
Fuck it im dumping another .1 btc in this12k bagholder here atm
Chain L ink?
yeah man it was all over here and reddit since the beginning, i remember people here telling me to buy ETH at 3$ and I thought to myself "why would anyone use a crypto besides bitcoin for this" and I just ignored it and forgot about it for 2 years.
not making that mistake again
Really dude?
Stay in your own thread.
Who was first with ETH though?
Biz or Reddit?
lol the absolute delusion ITT.
There is no room for this kind of emotional attachment to any token.
Deluded if you think it's a mistake to accumulate at these prices.
Exactly.
I remember so many fags FUDing ETH hard
So you think this state of awarness regarding bitcoin is going to stay the same?
Yeah, my friends know about bitcoin; they have heard the name.
"What, Bitcoin?
Is that the internet money, yea.
"Wait till you can actually start using it
Wait till you can actually start using Bitcoinhahahaha i thought you fags gave up on the idea of making Bitcoin usable.
isnt it about the store of tether meme now?
(((PARTNERSHIPS))) i love how you deluted linkies think this actually ads value
FUDingEth is a shitcoin.
Going back to 5 bucksScreen cap this
Get out of here Vitalik.
anyway, what's your LINK stack or rank ?
That was the most pathetic moon mission I ever witnessed.
4434175>mfw being the anon who started the completely fictional "other project" rumor yesterday
443119844313514431458I am the one who mastered trolling Rory for intel.
You have no heart, man.
You hurt him bad.
kys
Say what you will, the team approaches their venture in a more professional, disciplined way than basically any crypto team out there.
Banks and other established "partners" probably appreciate that
muh tether conspiracy
4434519Fuck you both; I got results.
You can thank my callous sadism for keeping this project *alive* and the price per LINK above $0.14.
Justed printed a billion more tethers!
don't worry guys, all backed by real dollars!
LEAVE RORY ALONE :’(
Yeah, I'm emotionally attached to what is the very first actual shot at mainstream smart contracts.
How silly of me.
Someone please buy my bags of this goddam piece of shit
how many?
k
I remember reading a random post about ethereum here when it was $1.70.
I researched it because the anon was hyping it pretty well.
I almost considered buying some, and honestly probably would have but I wasn't in crypto yet.
i didn't learn about other coins until ETH was on coinbase at $80, and i bought a little bit.until then I'd only heard of shitcoins like namecoin, feathercoin, litecoin, etc...really wish I'd been on biz before then
i will buy all your bags, even at 1$
ok fuckers, i just bought in.
you faggots better be right.
I didn't get into crypto until this summer, but I would visit /biz/ from time to time to "check up" on crpyto, because I had wanted to get into for a long time just didn't have the balls to do it.
I remember Antshares being shilled at $2.00, (pretty heavily too) that random ethereum post at 1.70.
Saw some early ARK hype./biz/ unironically calls nearly every moon mission before it starts, it just takes patience and wading thru the literal shit that clogs this board up.
good.
come back in 2019. now fuck off
Morgan.
Fucking.
Stanley.
No, the skateboard rumor didn't make OMG moon--Teeka Tiwari called it and caused it to moon
serious question:Could chainlink oracles be used to enable connectivity among difference blockchains?Similar to ark technology?
Say you wanted to trade some ether for btc.
The oracle could extract confirmation data from both blockchains and provide a third party (ideally another decentralized entity) the authorization to perform both transactions
Definitely.
Yes.That's why ChainLink is so great.
ARK can probably do something like this, but LINK will be able to do this and so much more.
Believe it or not this time we are the smart money.
chainlink will solve the atomic swap problem
WE ARE THE SMART MONEY!!!
!WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
well, not all of us, you are clearly not, even if you buy, which I hope you don't
I actually heard about ethereum on here when it was just over a dollar.
So upset that I cashed out at $11
>linkies are literally this delsuionalYou know rory is nothing but a chat moderator whose only purpose is to keep deluded linkies from running away from the scam project, right?Morgan.
StanleyLmao see.
They still clinging to fake bullshit that discord pnd groups flooded the board with.>'sergi ' posting on discord not a slackLITERALLY THIS DELUDED LMAO
I was being sincere dude
Dont forget>registered in the cayman islands>operating in the us
hurf durf it's all just a scam.
a scam with a peer reviewed white paper.
we are pursuing relationships>they are just conversationsHes literally spitting out shit to keep you retards on the hook
A whitepaper that came out like a day before the crowdsale, lmao

>tfw only 28k LINKwill I make it?
keep deluded linkies from running away from the scam project, right?if it was a scam then what's the point of keeping investors happy?
i mean, they have the fucking money, they can just shut down the website and slack and retire.
step up your fud game m8.
so what?I guess you would've registered it in the us soe the regulators can bend you over and fuck with no lube because they decide >hurr your token is a security durrryea, you right, Chainlink team do nothing but hype all day making sure investors don't run away to the competition like bitconnectyou are so smart, man, we are all lucky you were generous enough to warn usSeriously, go suck a dick fagget, kek
nice

cute
Bro.
Only 1k here.
You should feel comfy :(
You guys should buy Wanchain instead.
Thats the real smart money buy.
All you fags are being conned by biz when the real money is in Wanchain.
tfw inlfation is 150% per day>tfw your best monuments are piles of rocks
that pickek
Bro I mined Goldcoin, Anoncoin and Sexcoin back in december 2013, and yet only made my first ever crypti purchase one week ago (0.4 btc).
I fucked up elmao.
different use cases, wanchain doesn't solve the oracle problem, ya dip!
Link connects blockchains with the outside world, wanchan does not.