Why did it go up?
I'm somehow up $1000 on this shitcoin today.
People are accumulating to dump when friday's update comes
he doesnt know the inside newsKek

Right, you can dump, i will hold for the bigger vision.
dump so we can keep going up fagthen go buy some link
This lol.
I was so happy this coin lied low for so long.
It's gonna be YUGE.If this coin reaches NEOs market cap, or so, how much would each token be worth?
Just be feeling alone I know it can $0.5, but are we talking $5 or $50?
Its already dumping kek
M circ tokens x token price = market capDo your calc on your own.
REQ will be either dead in several months or i will a real big player.
I am taking the gamble every day
Good I sold and wait for my buy orders to fill
what does req do thats so great?
Nothing :*
It pretends to be different from OMG while just being a lesser version of it.
Big news tomorrow.
LOL hope your fomo'ing cuz if not you're going to get left the fuck behind DYOR idiot
If the market actually thought it is so great it wouldn't be below almost a hundred literal shitcoins.What it actually does is continuous payments, real time auditing and it's really easy to use and much better for sellers than platforms like paypal that take 2 weeks to pay you.
it came out 1 month ago and nothing's been released yet dumbass.
be an early adopter or gtfo
I don't really understand your logic.
So you just buy tokens, which are already billions worth?
because the market decided to value them at this rate?One of the best investment strategies i've ever heared.
Warren Buffet 2.0
Can you feel it anons?Big things coming for the long term crowd..
I am long term.
Will we see 30 cents?
This will give me 40k.
That's a 180M market cap.
If REQ can go so far, there will be no stop
 billion marketcap 5$30 billion marketcap 50$
i don't always shit on a street, but when i do, i post on /biz/.
REQ tokens burn when used and they'll soon have staking.
Imagine when that total supply burns down to 100mil tokens and you are staking tons of REQ.
Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous.
REQ hits 10bn mcap>token burns down to 100mil supply
.
Lol.
I want to believe.
Only if it reaches PayPal's level.
Fucking scam coin dump incomingGlad I made 90% tho lol
I can imagine, but it will never happen.Token burn rate will be high at the start and will decrease more and more over time
Dumped way to early you nignog
paypal would be 90 billion $ market cap and token price of around 150$that would be unreal
no burning considered
Not really, they already talking about using nanoREQ as it burns away.
REQ is divisible.