First off everywhere is different, if you're from a niche country you can just leave and continue on with your link shilling>Only when cashing out to fiatThis is a meme mostly perpetuated by pajeets on this board.
Do not trust them, they literally want to see you in prison to freeze up supply at their profit.
Other anons are just clinging to the idea in the hopes that makes it a reality, the bad news is that it doesn't.For burgers there has been NO CLARIFICATION on a like kind exemption.
This is something you can request via IRS form 8824.
Of course an argument exists and stocks might be some form of precedent, you can go to bat for everyone and try to swing clarification this way but as of now there are sure as shit no fucking guarantees.
Those of you with accountants would certainly be expecting him to try and pull it off, but to merely assume you can and disregard your other legal obligations is foolish.
I expect more to come to light over the next year but until then we only have guesses and hopes.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-drop/n-14-21.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8824.pdf>Understand your positionThinking this office cannot understand crypto is pure ignorance.
Sure they won't be following up every single shitcoin transaction on the blockchain, but what they can easily do is connect dots.
If you were an astute criminal and bought in via cash or some other anonymous method you have at least thought about what you are doing and I expect don't need any help from me with your laundry.
Some of you might have got in undetected by luck so you have choices too, but you want to be fucking certain.
If you bought in via something like coinbase you're really going to want to be working out where you stand to know your options.
There is literally no fucking point just hoping for the best when it comes to something like tax.
Previously the coinbase cucking was only limited to 20k plus accounts, that may be extended to all accounts, if your name is on there the movements are then easily traced forever.https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-10/coinbase-likely-to-lose-bid-to-block-irs-probe-of-customer-gains>What to doIf you don't know exactly what the fuck you are doing your best course of action is to keep up with your obligations for now.
This means properly recording all trades - if you traded shit coin for shit coin you still need to be recording the USD value, that means you take the sats and use a method to convert to BTC / USD value.
You need these if you are audited and it is only in your interests to be able to produce these, if you cannot produce these the man will apply worst case scenario and you will not get a good result.
If you have been clearly making a full and proper effort to adhere to the rules you will have much more flexibility in obtaining a favorable result.
If you're going to take on an accountant you will save yourself a ton of money by having prepared the information he needs in the clearest way possible.
>BubububuOne thing you can be dead certain of is the man has no fucking interest in your bullshit logics, if he thinks you're trying to fuck around he will be more than happy to fuck you, if you appear to be wasting even a second of his time you will be marked, there is no benefit of the fucking doubt, if your argument isn't clear and based on law you will be fucked, this is literally how they make money and you don't want to make their job this easy.
You WILL benefit from being reasonable and will be afforded the wiggle room at the expense of the retards, if your identity is connected to our scam anywhere along the line you should seriously be considering legally reducing your burdens via proper accounting.>I never got caughtWe know most anons net worth is merely a few thousand, you just arn't huge targets and of course the whales are the juiciest, your odds are probably good in not being the one singled out of the pack of plankton, the risk is going to increase depending how prized you would be but we will still be seeing the little guy crucified as an example thanks to the huge percentage who haven't been properly filing.
If you're fucking stupid enough to park a lambo in front of your trailer you are prime fucking meat.
In the end anons how you want to play it is your responsibility, your decision and your consequences.
What I don't want to see here are anons getting fucked out of ignorance, the man gives no fucks what you read on this board.
I do not want the jew to get all your shekel and more than anything I do not want to see the pajeet fucking laughing at you, it would KMS inside.What I want to see is anons paying the most fair amount, meaning the absolute fucking minimum, if you think all this is wrong please help anons with actual supporting evidence of how the system works.
I am fucking tired of every day seeing a new tax thread filled with >muh fiat and regurgitated bullshit.
You fucking investment geniuses are smart enough to properly manage your risks trading crypto, apply the same efforts here as giving away less money is literally the same as making money.
There is literally no situation in which you do not keep accurate records.