>Me and my miners are gonna blow up every fucking exchange unless you buy bch right now
Lol, okay pajeet.No really, get back to shit street where you belong
I hate both chains but I hate you trashfags the most.
Can't wait 'til Ethereum and Monero take over.
MAKE THIS SHITSHOW STOP GODDAMNIT WHY DOES IT KEEP GOING
Can't wait 'til Ethereum and Monero take over.Fuck that, kill all PoW coins
ver doesnt even own miners, all he has is his swarm of sockpuppet users on reddit and twitter, and some of them probably spill over onto here too.if there's one thing he's good at it's taking advantage of the misinformed and turning them into unpaid advocates of his misguided crusade.
It will stopwhen core is dead
monero is the only decent pow coin today, and ethereum's getting rid of proof of work.there aren't any good proof of stake coins worth wasting time with today.
4326533known sex offender>banned from the USA>too dangerous for russia>supplies chinese miners with bombs>political terrorist>ceo of bitcoin cash>protected by the yakuzaHe can't be stopped he only gains more and more power.
he'll be going on forever then, because core can't ever die, its the only source of any bitcoin development today, take it away and who exactly is going to work on any of the difficult cryptographic challenges necessary to scale bitcoin to visa level?a few puppet developers for the chinks can'e even change a few variables without needing an emergency hardfork a month later.
Buy eth to wait for the shitstorm to pass, better than tether
who will build the roadsprepare to get decentralized out of a job core kuck
Graphene compression seems really cool.
Core has already rejected it though, it will find a nice home in bch.
Why is it called that?
Wtf does it have to do with Graphene?
Idk bitshares made the thing Andy is just emulating it.
Now BCH is stealing volume from all alts on binance.
REEEEEEEEEEEE
Lol, core will reject any sort of blocksize increase that makes it harder for Blockstream to monetize Bitcoin.
They claim this isn't the intention but it's just an unfortunate side effect.
BCH community needs to learn a hard lesson.
Be friend with other competing coins, learn from them, and make BCH better.
Don't play hatred, don't wish competing coins ill. Just wish and try to make BCH better.
He's right why can't Roger be more like Jihan?
Roger won't stop until he's blown up everyone.
Just sold and finally broke even after the BTC/BCH shitshow.
Feels godd :)
He's being diplomatic.
There is going to be a fucking shit load of salt after all of this.
THIS GUY IS A BADASSHow can I be an apprentice?He has every anglo-kike screaming like a bitch right now.
you core shills remind me of hillary supporters desperately wailing that trump (roger) is evil while your candidate (coin) crumbles before your very eyes
Honestly I'm just blowing it out of proportion (lol) because I find it really really funny.
He sold some fireworks made to scare away birds and people are treating him like a monster.
Roger Ver is the hero we need but don't deserve.
NEO
people are treating him like a monster.Shills are treating roger like a monster.
I've met the dude.
Is he the greatest guy ever?
No.
He's a little whiny, die hard libertarian, probably slunk out of the US to avoid taxes, I could see how he rubs people the wrong way.
But he fucking knows bitcoin and he knows how awful blockstream is.
yeah but he's literally just as bad, maybe worse since it'll be basically him and jihan in control of all of bitcoin if bcash actually succeeds in taking over...
I don't see how that is any better than blockstream honestly, and it STILL doesn't even solve the scalability problems in the long termI don't have a horse in this race btw I bailed to xmr, eth, and dash...
I just don't wanna see all of crypto ruined by this and have to go back to fiat forever
people are treating him like a monsterOnly literal homosexuals.
(aka, anglo-saxons, and jews) After you see it happen enough times, you know exactly where it comes from.
top kek i love this guy
Would you rather have Han Solo or The Emperor control your cryptocurrency?
For me the choice is obvious.
Isn't this the guy who shilled Mt Gox to death as millions of dollars were lost?
I know nearly no one here weren't in crypto at the time but just because you weren't here at the time, doesn't mean it didn't happen.Good for him to pay a considerable amount of his wealth.
He recreated his image online by getting so much people to shill him that you are basically smothered by them if you ever mention what happened at Mt Gox.
Not the most clever way, but rebranding by brute force is also fine if it works.Again, kudos.
Most people would rather disappear from the face of the web and live as an anonymous ultra-rich dude.
this desu
what a chad
I don't want any individual controlling my cryptocurrency.
The whole fucking point is being peer-to-peer.
And power corrupts.
Would you want to see Han Solo become the emperor?
How is Ver actually in control of BCH?Jihan controls loads of hashpower, but how is he controlling BCH anymore than he's controlling BTC?>I bailed to xmr, eth, and dashLol, RV actually holds shitload of Dash and runs master node(s)
gonna blow up every fucking exchangeI believe it.
4329072Also roger ver is no fucking han solo.
He owns the only devs who can work on itJust wait til they start bringing out the off chain scaling and doing the exact same things as blockstream (they're still going to need to for mass adaptation, and do you reaaaaally believe this guy is against blockstream out of the goodness of his heart, KEK), I am gonna laugh so fucking hard
desu I don't really like dash either but I saw an opportunity for some profit that didn't require me to pick a bct/bch side, I'll prob swap it for monero as well soon.
Then the miners can buy out some other ASIC friendly coin and skyrocket its price while dumping BTC.Miners always win in POW.
He owns the only devs who can work on itIt's open source + basically it's pre-segwit BTC so any current BTC dev can work on it straight away.Who are the BCH devs (honest question)?
And how are they owned by RV?
Holy fuck I'm a brainlet today.
The miners can just decide what updates go through.
They can decide the future of BCH if they want.
Miners validate both what's real of transactions and updates.
i just watched a massive dash dump happenhope none of you fell into it
sentenced to 10 years in prison years of harnessing his bomb making skills>blows his way out of prison and flees to japan>finds protection under the yakuza where he begins to build his crypto empire>hires a programmer to make bitcoin then kills himNobody else is in his way now
It's open source + basically it's pre-segwit BTC so any current BTC dev can work on it straight away.BCH was founded on "fuck you for developing things", so why the fuck would anyone else develop on it?I'd say maybe it'd be worthwhile after it gets segwit, but that's literally what it was founded on not having, so ... yeah.
BCH has 5 different dev teams you nonce
NAV
4329556Yup, whatever the outcome here proof-of-work is over in the long term as a decentralised consensus mechanism.
Proof of stake needs refinement too but it's much better already.
I expect something better will come out soon too.We've always known that BTC's first-generation tech would *eventually* lead to its replacement by something else.
This, I guess, is how that plays out.
There is no point in saying this to people.
All people care about is making a quick buck with bitcoin while sacrificing it's core values.BTC wont even be blockchain anymore but BS like "lightning" and other banking 2.0 solutions.Even the miners are fucking themselves over, they will mine BTC but few people will use it so the fees will continue to drop as people want the "cheap" lightning solutions.At that point the miners will prob switch back to Bitcoin Cash.
LN isn't coming for 2 years
He owns the only devs who can work on itlies and FUD
They were fireworks bud.
Watch out for the crazy terrorist Roger Ver.
He's such a madman he sold fireworks on Ebay.
Someone needs to stop him.
Oh jolly so another 2 years of 2 - 5$ fees for a transaction.
That sure sounds amazing.
We have bigger problems
They were fireworks.
Are you really afraid of the crazy terrorist Roger Ver who sold firework on Ebay?
He's a madman!
Someone better stop him otherwise people might illegally buy or sell fireworks.
That'd be the worst.
Our society would fall apart.
You BCH FUD'ers are complete fucking faggots.
ROGER VER SUPPORTS BTC NOT BCH.BUT HE HAS WITHDRAWN MOST OF HIS BTC FOR BCH AND ETHBTC WILL DIE SOON
He's gonna kill us all
I think that's from Mind Over Matters by Mike Nelson.
they were agricultural fireworks intended for killing birds, but powerful enough to kill a human.
he was selling them without a license, to god knows who, for god knows what purpose.he's a scumbag through and through.
Are we even talking about the same guy?
Alt coin development has outpaced core a long time ago.
Bitcoin is stagnant.
And let's not forget (ex-politician) Roger's friend (politician) Rick Falkvinge
Why are all the anti BCH posts always attacking some public figure that has announced support for BCH instead of attacking BCH technical merits?
literally the chad satoshi