Discuss Copper news and Copper futureswe are trading copper futures today
copper fork is an issue and thats why im out of the market in tether
keep pennies before 1982 because high copper content
dismantle neighbors a/c units for easy copper gains
those were 3 really hacky jokes in a row boys.
awaiting the first 15 minute candle
4403139it wasn't a joke fuck you cunt i have half a jar full of old pennies ;____________;
sorry anonspeaking of copper.
The pajeet strat that works 90% of the time..
I was doing it wrong.
I was supposed to use "Heikan Ashi " candle sticks, thats why the trades were losingfresh start today
prove you're rukia chan or get the fuck out you impasta
Its me anon, we're doing copper futures and forex today
1 more minutes until the first candle, this is the most exciting moment of the day folks6x leverage
also the other mistake is that you are supposed to wait for candle to close outside the lines, not just break itok now we are getting mad gains todaycandle formingRukia Fund: -10% lol sorry
getting pretty wide
You guys in on NAK?
nope copper cfdOk guys its here.
if you know the secret pajeet strategy from board one you know whats going on
woops pic is herenow we wait potentially hours... or minutes?
Seems a lot less profitable than Platinum group elements ruthenium, rhodium, palladium, osmium, iridium, and platinum as they are of extraterrestrial meteoric origin and are orders of magnitude rarer and used in higher end more expensive equipmentAlso I think zinc supplies are low right nowAlso 2 months ago a court order shut down the world's second largest silver mine
not offered on 1broker yetanyways, my prediction is that its going to bump up and then tank just like every day, using the lines as a half way point
I want to trade platinum really bad thoughI dont like using fiat because at least with bitcoin rising in price my losses ar hedged
still no breakout but i feel it coming any moment
we must wait yet another 15 minutes
it breaks out top lines, waiting until the candle closes above line, 10 minutes
Do not buy until the candle closes, it might come down
get ready to buy it it closes above
Alright go long boys.
put in 50% seperate positions just incase
Entry Price 3.0545 take profits quickly at like 1% or so because im pretty sure its gonna sharply decline later
it worked
ignore this thing..
Copper>Not superior Cobaltnormies... everytime.
Please explain Is there a pastebin I ccan read to get up to speed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-pClUAjxEoits back in the channel that means waiting for anoth 15 minutes FUCK
we are pumping aparently... so far so good
can you trade traditional stocks with bitcoin?
where?
I one time got BTFO shorting copper futures during the great recession.
Never again.
broker and another i know of is whaleclub
4404997looks like fun anon

i dont know whats up with these nip candlesticks, just ignore them, so long as no close
OK AWESOMETook +0.5% profitthat was pretty stupid BUT, if it nails that bottom line later, its going to crash hard through.
However for risk management I am done
not copper but lithium related>thought about investing in albemarle, fmc and sqm beginning of 2017>mfw
albemarleThat would have been a good bet man.