Anon are you getting on on this gem.Working productBoss teamHits every deadline and milestone on their roadmap on timeSpeaking with Docker, Intel, IBM, BNP Paribas about potential partnerships.Starting a Chinese office in a few weeks and have already started talking with Chinese companies about partnerships.
They will be announcing some new exciting news this week.
Get in now or stay poor.
what big news
To be announced.
The devs hinted at more partnerships to be announced.
One will be announced next week for sure.
Also there will be a new marketing promo with RLC token rewards it seems.
Announcements of announcements eh?
They will be announcing some new exciting news this week.
Get in now or stay poor.Low effort shilling.
At least shop some fake announcement.
Stop associating such a good project with your shit-tier shilling.
Kys, please.
It's showing signs of life.
Get in now for a moon mission.
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1746241.1700

 We're going to have a cool news to announce next weekWas hoping for something more substantive than that.
What else can they do when announcing an announcement.
Actually got in on this early,
What is early?
This coin hasn't really mooned yet.
What was the ICO price?
I bought in between 6500 and 7200 sats.
Looks like no prepump on this one so it might be worth investing in
It's super valuable and there might be an IBM announcement very soon, which IMO has WAY more weight than lumens or any other bankcoin due to its uses
Their new marketing and adoption guy is a beast.
He presented to ING the other week and is making the rounds around a few tech companies around EU as well.
Not to mention Prof. Haiwu meeting all the Chinese tech companies.
I know my lambo will be black and yellow..
Good to know.
I'm 1k deep in their ass right now im fucking frothing at the potential gains over the next few weeks.
Who the fuck needs a job when making money is this easy?
$300 + by 2025, that could be wildly conservative.
There will be staking and many use cases for the token.
Their tech is revolutionary and could be running half the internet in the near future.
I cry for anyone not in this.
50k and comfy.
stakingSource on this?
I've heard this before but couldn't find anything about it.