ITT: We pressure nuls users into admitting they didn't make any money.
nice trips.
I went 10% in at 16 cents, 70% in at 28 and 100% at 32, sold at 95 :)
Lol.
These fools are so obnoxious.
I notice a lot of them were using the op thread to fight some tasty pasta.How about speaking up losers?If you made so much money why don't you donate to your beloved op and post it here.I will literally give everyone in thread 100 XRB if there's a single one of you that made good money and is willing to prove it.
lolshow us the txid
Raiblocks you say...
Lurking
PLZ DIP: The thread™
Lol.
Yeah THATS ME!CANT WAIT FOR THAT DIPYou got rekt.
Pony up so op gives us XRB
Before switching to BTC pairing.
Wish I had more to put in to begin with.
Nice buy confidence bucko.
I think you just proved OP's point.Can one NULS fag come drop a txid and get us some XRB like sirs?Surely at least 1 of you made bank
Go ahead and scan the address.
Lol.
Dude.
Don't do that.
He posted a btc address.
Are you that dumb?Nuls buyers for real?
Yes I am an idiot and am well and truly lacking sleep at this point.
Fug.
Oh well, the intention was there based whale anon.
being this rektNo wonder you guys didn't care about the whitepaper.
The average nuls investor is their own fud.
Bought that night when some anon posted it at 30 cents.Sold right before it started mooning because I wasn't seeing too much action.Bought again at 60 cents and now I'm holding.
its 5.6k now fgt
Over 200% gain isn't making money??
I didn't invest but for fuck sake anon open your eyes and see that you should've FOMO'ed, so should I have.
We can debate whether it will continue to, but it definitely made money over the last few days.
OH mr money bags.
U want some rai?
I wont make you do captchas like the pajeet u rPost a txid of u loving ur bro with you healthy expendable money that you photoshopped.
lol
Now the real question is, do you want to get in before it hits $5?
We were right about everything else so far, were we not?
what is this thread...?
It was your shot at getting in at the ground floor.
How will you remember this day anon?
Larping shitcoin investors being trolled.
Duh.
Fish-headed sewer dragon pls go.
Fuck you take me for?
Of course I already did.
NULS people haven't made money.
They're just bag holding mouthrunning niggards
What are you so upset about?
Did you miss out?
:^)
Lol txid or u bought high
txid or u bought highThat is officially the tits or gtfo of this thread.
Safe to say their gains were...>null
Made 60k off this.
Dude.
Bullshit larp.
Donate a cool bit to the op that called the nuls then and post the txid.
You're a fucking liar.
Omg.
So deluded.
gains = NULL am i rite
txid of a fat donation or you're a bihiselo larper.
It's working!
Lol I would probably suck his dick and I'm not even gay.
Best tip I've gotten off 4chan by far.
How retarded are you?
He first made that thread at 30 cents, obviously anyone who saw that thread and bought the coin made mad profit
That's neat.
You're bagholding and larping.
Why do you need txid, OP?
Can't you see it yourself?
We all know it's you, jewing people into giving you more money.
Actually I'M THE OP FROM LAST NIGHT!YOU NEED TO GET OUT NOW!Lol
 fold.
1 aint me.2 I actually wanna give out some xrb to you pajeets that's why the give away isn't retardedly high,Havin some funJp.
def op.Exit nuls now.
This is how the meme begins.
A ton of people pose as OP "from last night" (two days later), and follow it up by saying you need to get out.