Who's in the 21 Bitcoin Cash club?
had 30 but sold 5 today
Go to bed, Roger.
i took out 10k from my fiat life savings and put it in bch, got 13 nowdid i do good?
for the moment....
Sell before you get JUSTed
You'll be better off with twenty one of these at its current price did I mention there are only 1 million ever Some whale decided he wanted a lot of it today check the chart No.4307573
no i think this is really gonna flip, imight even buy more
17.18I hope the BTC I'm transferring to exchange still buys enough BCH when the transfer finally gets confirmed.
Been waiting for over 6 hours..
Now that you mention this, does anyone knows why bittrex shows 63 million bch being traded while CMC shows 21 million total supply?Why is that?
Soon Tradesatoshi shitcoin exchange will add BCH base markets for all shitcoins, then the others shitcoin exchanges will fallow, like yobit, cryptopia, hitbtc, c-cex, binance, this will be revolutionary, like when doge fever a few years ago
I mentioned it day and night for the past two months
it hasnt even begun
 bcash clubthe most pajeet club
4307723Fuck... Bitcoin+ thats so much of a better name than Bitcoin Cash.
Why the fuck didnt they think of that?!?!
It makes normies go wild, they see the plus and think free extra shit.
It's psychological.
Pajeet because youre not in it, faggot.
Fair price + 21btc = 1 XBC
wtf is XBC?
Search it fag it's been on polo for years
BCH's international standardised code or whatever the fuck they call it
ETC is going to be BCH 2.0 jump on now while it's under 20, I told you all yesterday to jump on when it was 14.50 - don't miss the next big coin lets all get Lambos or Teslas
i technically am, but i'm also in the 210 club, and the 2100 club, thanks to that bcash airdrop
Do you know why BCC went up?It is becausa D.Va, largest korean coin pumping group.All the coins that D.Va picked,the price went up.The coin NEO was frozen,so it started off as a minus , but ultimately price went up.I will now only follow D.Va picks.t.me/DvaPump