Someone at work lied about me physically harming them by pushing them into a locker.
Nothing has happend about it even though its against policy to harm someone at work, although rumors have spread around saying that I have.
If something where to happen becauee of this what rights do I have to defend myself fron the lier?
Or ehat Laws (In Canada) could help defuse the situation.
*Correction of spelling errors*Someone at work lied about me physically harming them by pushing them into a locker.
Nothing has happend about it even though its against policy to harm someone at work, although rumors have spread around saying that I have.
If something where to happen because of this what rights do I have to defend myself from the lier?
Or what Laws (In Canada) could help defuse the situation.
Lawyer up my guy or atleast discuss it with one
relax anon i've been in this situation before.
approach your coworker calmly and ask him to talk to you in the breakroom/wherever is somewhat secluded.
explain to him how this misunderstanding could cost you your job and that you've always thought of the two of you as good friends.
he will probably be taken aback by this and start feeling guilty.
now this is where things get tricky.
sensually approach him, place your hand on his cock and tell him how much you've always loved him.
the tears in your eyes when you say this should make him rock hard.
whip out his dick and start sucking.
after he relieves himself in your mouth, smile and wait for him to turn around.
now, stab him in the base of the skull with any sharp object, taking care to drive it all the way through his spine.
now stand over his lifeless corpse, chuckling to yourself as to why you thought this would be such a problem in the first place.
some faggot did this to me after I btfo him in a debate.
Theres nothing you can do really, youll get fired/suspended
Or that
lierIt's liar
Put all ur money in crypto then claim insanity and sit cosy in the mental asylum
If common law is same in Canada as it is in the US, i'm pretty sure you have grounds to sue for slander.After all, its literally a false attack on your reputation, and has specifically damaged you socially and economically.If it was me, I'd familiarize myself with the law, possibly speak with a lawyer, and then let the guy responsible understand your intentions, then speak with your boss and let him know the full situation, including your intention to sue if the other party does not desist
It hasn't damaged him economically until he gets fired.