Greetings cryptos, I want to buy bitcoins to be able to use Rent-a-hacker's services on the deepweb.
Did anyone here ever tried his services ?
pic related.i have read nothing but glowing reviews about it but we all know fake reviews can be made easily.
Share please if you have some experience with it.Explanations : someone we thought a friend ordered work from us, but didn't pay.
Then managed to stole our work shown in our portfolio.
We want to hit back as no legal actions can be taken.
You deserve to lose your money if you attempt to hire that edgy pajeet-tier scam artist.
thank you that is exactly my first feeling about this page but it is listed in ANY version and ANY mirror of the Hiddenwiki since quite long.
Most of the links I followed from the HW to download books and movies were legit and never had a virus or a problem.I have a second computer exclusively for torrenting or browse tor so i don't enter any sensible data on it.
asking how to do illegal things on 4chan>admitting you do illegal things>being this newThis guy's about to get vanned big time.
Last time I've checked, anyone can eddit the HW or its mirrors.
Unless they've protected the main page in recent times, Pajeet could have simply put the link there himself and checked from time to time if its still up.
No one is going to give enough shits to start taking down random links of unvetted niche services.If you're gonna stoop this low, your honestly better off going to HackForums and asking there.
/biz/ doesn't deal with this shit.
*you're honestly
thanks !
No problem, just don't get caught dealing in illegal shit.Are you positive you can't sue for whatever happened?
Or is it too much time/effort?
Of course, thanks for your help.Because we knew the person for long and had successful joint work together before he screwed us.
So we made the mistake to trust a friend and proceed without contract.
Then the huge collection in portfolio is not protected, too much art and no time to get them all protected.
>comic sans page headingConfirmed elite hacker