Confess
I once pleasured a mans anus
i like ethereum but im not a pedo i swer
I canceled Star Trekkkkkkk!
/fat/ is over at /fit/
held 50k elix through the pump buying in sub penny.. still holding
i'm eth newbie..just learning
I also fuck hot shemales on the regular
I once searched child porn on google
Put 5k on Bitpetite.
I bought DGB
my only investment is one share of IntelI don't get paid til next week and even then it'll be a measly $400kill me, Pete
I got into ETH at $110 in May at $2,500 and my portfolio shortly after went up to $6,200.
Throughout the summer I put another $2,000 in.
Then, through margin trading, and becoming crypto obsessed, I made a bunch of shitty day trades and liquidated to FIAT with only $2,750 left.If I had just put into ETH, sold at peak, then moved back into BTC, I'd have turned that $2,500 into $26k.
Instead I exited in the negative due to obsessive day trading and greed.FEELS BAD, MANStill think BTC is going to dip some more, though, and I plan to re-enter at around $4,800.
If it doesn't get that low, I'll just watch from the sidelines and see what happens this winter.
held ethd through the pump because i am fucking retardedstill holding.
My ex cheated on me and I hold myself personally responsible for not bringing enough to the relationship and being jealous.
I have seen psychs and all my friends believe she was fucking crazy and I shouldn't hold myself accountable for any of it.It has affected me so much to the point where I've emotionally hurt and pushed away new potential girlfriends in an attempt "protect" myself.
Some of which have been limitless ammounts of emotional and some even financial support.
I have convinced myself that I'd rather be alone than hurt anyone else.
I saw ETH on /biz/ first when it was at $10 and was about to buy before I changed my mindI also saw Bitcoin on 4chan very early when they were $30 each but didn't buy
436048643605304360564
yeah this too, ive been on 4chan since 2008. remember when btc was 3 dollars and thought it would never go higher.
My efforts started by mining shit ton of dogecoin which i have since lost on hookers
same for ETH, only I wasn't old enough to trade on exchanges back then.
Ended up buying at $250 when I turned 18