You have 10 seconds to give me ONE good reason why you aren't investing in this man.
you have 10 seconds to give me ONE good reason you shitpost this every day
does he have a Coin now?
cause I don't care about electric cars or space
high debt>keeps weaseling himself into new ventures
Maybe you should.
he's pretty much just a pseudo intellectual carnival barkerlegit conman
only exists bcuz carbon tax credit/subsidies/loopholes?
why?I'm never going to go into space and I'm never going to own a giant toy car I can drive
Chancoin > Elon
this guy gets it
I don't like his smile.
Its a good time to invest in lithium since this asshole is going to use uncountable tonnes of the stuff if his retarded battery takes off.
4396850possibly one of the biggest conmen of the21st century>all his projects needs huge government funding>popular in ((((((((((mainstream media))))))))))>tries really hard to invent new shit without actually inventing anything>said bitcoin is only good for drugdealers and wont serve any other purposethat was 4
People said the same thing about the internet in the 80's.
You have 10 seconds to give me ONE good reason why you are shitting on streets.
said bitcoin is only good for drugdealers and wont serve any other purposeHas it though?
His stocks don't pay dividends and I only see ordinary stocks as means of having power over the policymaking of a certain company, a do I'm not aiming for that yet.
said bitcoin is only good for drugdealers and wont serve any other purposehe said Bitcoin is a good thing you faggot
maybe because the p/e forecast for TESLA is -75 for 2017?
you missed the boat senpai, lithium-cobalt and all that shit took off several months agolook at the price of albemarle, fmc corp and sqm, it all mooned already
He has autism.
Because SpaceX isn't publicly traded, and I'm not a billionaire with enough clout to negotiate a private investment.
hum huuu don't invest in huuumm stocks
Well I pay taxes in the United States, so I fucking already am whether I want to or not.
To be fair he only missed the boat if elon fails.
If he succeeds it'll moon even harder than the speculation caused it to
thats the most generic trash response fucking ever, like for any subject in the world what you just said is the worst response"muh dot com bubble" is a close second
he is fag
balding hair plug meme man who has never made money