THE cryptocurrency of the future
>What is a decentralised blockchain ledger?
I don't even know but do know that this ain't one.>Shouldn't good projects like this be open source so they can be tested for security holes?Seems logical, but the founders of this one don't think so.
Yeah IOTA is never gonna make it, sorry reddit.
IOTA only coin with daily news and advancements.
Fuck the rest this will be #1
It should be
Yeah IOTA is never gonna make it, sorry reddit.This is the same shit people used to spout about Ethereum.Iota is the only coin with the potential to have widespread adoption at this point.
Nothing else will be able to compete with it's transaction times and zero fees, including any upgrades to Ethereum or Bitcoin.
It's time to face the facts.
Blockchain cannot and will not scale.
60% of volume is bitfinexruh roh
Ethereum was no where near as flawed, and I remember ETH fomo cuz I was here reading it, ya dingus.You have nice dreams for your own coin, but these devs need to review cryptographic fundementals or fucking sub contract it out.
It's great that you think you're "concept" can scale, we'll see how it pans out in reality.
you have any idea who the fuck iota devs are...Eth devs jerk off to IOTA devs.
ahahaha fucking lolll.
please please google the iota devs.
crypto gods.
Dude, ethereum is still flawed to shit.
Anyone with basic understand of cryptography knows this.IOTA is still in very early development and has a way better team behind it than the ethereum foundation.
please please google the iota devs.
crypto godsLiterally.
The cofounder invented proof of stake and blew moneyskel the fuck out on twitter the other day.
Not with those devs.
This is the same shit people used to spout about Ethereum.Nah, IOTA reminds me of NXT more than Ethereum.
Ethereum has a good backbone in their projects, supported by excellent devs from BCT.
Vitalik was one of the great devs there.
IOTA is..just like a normie's paradise coin.
Nothing else will be able to compete with it's transaction times and zero feesExcept for the fact that you'll need something to process the payments every time you want to make a payment.
The devs have said they want phone companies to adopt specialized hardware to support their payment processing so you can pay for everything with your phone.Good luck with that
Devs are rookies.Newbies.Main dev said, IOTA without Coordinator is worth a sum of zero, 0, dollarsLearn from iota, how to separare IDIOTs from their money.
Iota devs are unprofessional agressive cucks that support refugees and dont care about their public relations.
u guys are idiots, enjoy your massive crash when there's a major security flaw and this just doesn't ever materialize.
More delusional than linkies I swear every IOTA fan boy is a normie fresh off the facebook upboat train
Lolwat?
BCT (Bitcoin Core) devs have huge issues with Ethereum which is the biggest shitcoin ever lol
If you say so ...
Balance still 0.
Fuck this shit