I'm sorry to say that I am surprised that I have not heard of this information here, but I'll give you guys a nice scoop.Currently I work in New York -- can't go into specifics but nevertheless it is off Wall Street.
Right now there is in place a huge deal with the CME group to offer Bitcoin Futures contracts.
The size of futures markets (which usually increase when the stock market outlook is uncertain) is larger than that of commodity markets, and are a key part of the financial system.The CME is one the largest exchange s in the world.
They own and are invested in 24.4% of the Dow Jones.
It is the exchange you have never heard of.
Block Chain Technology cannot be over looked by the government, the Federal Reserve, and the ACH, with it comes increased profit margins through the absence of wire transfers and is currently being adopted via the Stellar platform...
But that is another story, for another time.
For those of you who don't know how large the Futures market is, during the height of the Great Recession the CME group traded 100 billion dollars worth of futures a day.
That is a $3.65x10^13 annual market, imagine what it is today as it is information I cannot disclose.
Welcome to Lambo land Fuckers.
Ebin
Won't get approved
So are you saying BTC or Stellar is my ticket to Lambo Land?
Fuck that pic.
Orcas are cunts for picking on nice young sharks.
Even size and the shark rekts that stupid nigger loving bitch ass
all in to stellar or what you fat cunt talk english
I was only using that to make a point.
Stellar is the platform which is already integrated with IBM's Financial Transaction Manager, which itself is integrated with ACH.The ACH is owned by the federal reserve.
You guys are missing the point.
I was only using that as an example but if that is what you want to take away from it fine.
bro my iq is 60 all in in to stellar or not
CME futures is old news and is only important to the extent of it indicating introduction of bitcoin ETFs.Let me know when you overhear shekelberg goldstein talk about ETF release date at Dorsia.
>CME offering BTC futuresYeah, we talked about it like a week ago.Pretty much this.
The representative of the people.
good on you brother.
i just want to be rich so i can get surgery for my iq to be 100+ im a idiot now and poorall in too stellar or not tell me
4243482senpai do we all inthe rocket shit looking stellar things looks retarded though why would fed reserve invest in it or something money
can you like make this easily readable, when is adoption or whatever with stellar and the banker people>???
?how much if we buy in now and how much do we get in 2018?give me a guesstimate
Why would they use Stellar as a clearing house?
Does not compute.
well I am smart enough to wait for the dump in a couple of hours so