Partnerships with bittrex finex and other huge exchanges and its only on ED right nowhttps://etherdelta.com/#B2B-ETHprice is barely above ICO price it was 2x yesterday but dropped back down and it will probably 2x again today looking at the trade history
https://www.b2bx.pro/#b2bx-tokens Here if you wanna do your own research
saged until you show these partnerships
Sounds like a scam
because it is a scam.
They just "announced" they are coming to bittrex ina few weeks
Where?
https://twitter.com/marketcapgod?lang=enGuys like that are promoting this shit coin I dont know if his picture is real but either way i wouldnt touch it
you just sound like a bagholder without your source.might you be pink in the face?
4488663keep promoting you're doing a good job lying to everyone
The ceo of this company was a fucking advisor to confido.
suggestion: stay the far fuck away from /biz/ shilling
Prove it fag> this is an easy flip and anyone who thinks otherwise is fucking stupid>this is why you all lose money
He's good for finding quick pump and dump potential coins.
Hhahaha all this fud on this thread.
Enjoy being left behind in the dust.
This has nothing to do with confido you fucks.
We mooning!
The CEO is on linkedin with 500+ connects.
LOL fud
another joost, they no released bunty's and airdrops.
u will get joosted soon.
bag holder shilling it
Watch yourselves guys.
There are multiple posts about this in a short timeframe, all promising the moon.
Looks coordinated.Check out the sell walls on the way up.
Those are some heavy bags waiting to be unloaded.Proceed with caution fellow anons.
YOU ARE ONE LYING ASS HOLE LOL .
Baseless fud
Didn't see that, thanks!
Do you think it could be the ones who got 15% discount?
I saw a few 10 ETH orders go through so maybe they are offloading.
Why you making shit up?
You get Joost'd?
Who wants to get scammed (cfd) b2b?
no thanks
Fuck this, ain't falling for this shit.
Do some fucking research you fools.There're plenty of real promising projects out there, with great opportunities.
Monero has high potential and Tio.
Here's the fuckin link: 
For all those fucks callimg this is a scam for fucks sake do a little research I am just looking at it and this is super legit
all slavs and one jew
 ruskies> legitLmao