>people who unironically care about their jobs and put in extra effort
Let's be honest, you were just going to wake up at noon and stare at a computer for 14 hours a day otherwiseAt least this way you get paid for it
Valid point
I wish i could go back to being happy at a normal job
live 5 minutes away from work>get payed to type on a computer>receive ever increasing salary, status (very useful for attracting women)>get to socialize with coworkers that I enjoy being aroundam I missing something here?
4272037Goyim, I
depends on the job and employer
I'd like to see you whiny little bitches try to survive in a factory.If an office job is too much for you then your parents failed to raise a real man.
Having a job is unacceptable.
I can't imagine it.
lol nice tryanyone with a job knows that even if its not that bad, its still terrible.
youd rather be home, admit it
not doing your best at everything you doYou lazy scumbags belong in the oven.
shut up faggot poor person.
If you're not making 100k/year your parents failed to raise a real man.
You have a good job, but most people don't.
But making money online or in a business is hard too, so whatever.
(very useful for attracting women)I have a theory that the only reason men do anything is to attract women
Nah that kind of work is beneath my skill level unless they want to pay more than my current gig (which I highly doubt)
fpbp
Rekt and shrekt.
tfw easy desk job where i do 30 min of actual work and then sit on my phone trading crypto and shitposting for 4.5 hours till I go home at noon while still getting paid 8 hoursis wagecucking the ultimate NEETdom?
Nobody is fucking interested in wagecucking for peanuts in shit jobs his whole life while actually making ten to hundrends of thousands of bucks for random companies and asshole bosses just to afford education and/or rent.
Especially since it wouldn't even really be necessary anymore.Only wagecuck and save money for your meta game, like making own businesses or invest in stuff.
Don't buy/get liabilities, only get assets.
If you waste your money on shitty overpriced things and brand-stuff then you deserve to stay poor and wagecuck until your last breath.
thanks for the reminderIm wagecucking at the moment, it pays well but I wanna go for my own business.Whats weird is that most people in my office seem to be super happy wagecucking.. i just cant get used to it
Nobody's forcing you to do a job you don't like.And if you NEED a shitty job, be thankful you have one.
"BE THANKFUL TO FLIP BURGERS FOR 10$ WHILE OTHERS MAKE MILLIONS BY SCAMMING AND EVADING TAXES"What are you?
some shit-tier management guy?
Other way around.
What do you do?
Only narcissists who think they are too good to work in a factory will respond negatively to this post and it's because it's true.