INK - the next big asian coin - IP on the blockchainhttp://ink.oneStarts trading in 8 hours on EXX.com ICO sold out.
Huge buzz in korea and asia no western talk yetCheck the team, core devs, and advisors.
Big partnerships already in place including the Chinese government and SAIF partnershttps://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7e2hei/ink_ip_on_the_blockchain_asian_coin_under_the/
Core DevelopersChen ChangHe received master’s degree from Tsinghua University.
He was a senior researcher at IBM, and has been one of the earliest researchers and promoters of the blockchain technology.
Chang is an expert in cloud computing, blockchain, machine learning, etc.
He is the core developer of the Hyperledger open source project, and has rich experience in the underlying development and applications of blockchain.
He was in charge of the architecture design and implementation of the enterprise blockchain solution.
He led and developed several blockchain service platforms.
Chang is also the co-author of “the Principle, Design and Application of Blockchain”.Dr Wang HaoHao is the founder of WuGeYunTong Technology.
He won the championship of International Blockchain Development Competition.
Hao received bachelor’s degrees from the Department of Automation and Mathematics in Tsinghua University and doctorate in Computer Vision and Control.
He led WuGeYunTong and developed visual inspection and recognition technology, for which he received five patents on visual recognition algorithm invention and seven copyrights on visual recognition software.
He also has rich experience in developing technical architecture, DevOps and mobile apps.
Dr Gao ZhenfengZhenfeng received PhD from the Department of Automation in Tsinghua University.
He co-authored the project “Regional Medical Treatment Consortium Blockchain”, which received top prize in “48-hour Blockchain Hackathon” of Wanda Tech & IBM in Mar 2017.
His research mainly covers service computing and service recommendation.
He published three academic papers on service computing and service recommendation in top international journals.Dr.
Frank WangFrank is the founder and CEO of Stentor Technology, director of Ink Silicon Valley lab, joint-initiator of blockchain VC Forum and Operation VP of Silicon Valley Wireless Technology Association.
He received master’s degree from Nanyang Technological University.
Frank focuses on distributed computation and big data technology, and previously worked as a technical engineer for Trusted Computing.
As the Chief Data Engineer, his team received the world-leading CES “Innovation and Engineering Award”.
Frank is part of the team in the early development stage of Google Transit, a large-scale project.
He also designed and developed large financial database for JPMorgan.