https://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/TETHER USDT got "hacked".It started.
"Someone got in, but we have this under control"Do you recall anything from this?This same excuse will be the one to use when they "suddenly realize" that the hacker "did more stuff than they thought".You have been warned for a lot of time, now this is the start of everything.Get ready for the Bitfinex/tether historic ponzi falling.
FUCK OFF NSA
fuck off NSA
the hacker forgot that tether is a centralized blockhain.they simply roll back and chard fork.stupid hackers trying to hack a centralized service.
Nothing can stop the btc bull!
4481991"Every...Everything is... is... okay...""You are NSA!
haha...Yee,,, you are not a typical joe able to connect points and remember Mt Gox!
haha nooo... you are NSA!
Stop fudding!You pathetic plebs, I really hope you are all in tether, in bitfinex.
Yep.
What a stupid hacker.
Doing all the hard work required to break through the numerous security procedures to stop this from happening, only to forget he's hacked a worthless centralized chain with tokens backed by nothing.
What a silly hacker.
Good thing Bitfinex has everything under control.
The audit is coming any day now.
I'm sure they're solvent anyway.
This is all a big nothingburger from nocoiners.
I feel sleepy.
So how about Charlie Rose sexually assaulting women, huh?
Crazy news.
this.u guys are too retarded defending this shitty scam.
probably bought in at 7500 thats why u Do it
https://news.bitcoin.com/exchanges-suspend-usdt-transactions-after-30-million-tether-treasury-wallet-hack/
44821014482066bitcoin is valueless goyim it's all tether moving into bitcoin causing it to go up sell bitcoin buy jpmorgan and goldman sachs
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7eeu4i/tether_emergency_hardfork_30000000_freshly_minted/
Best excuse ever.
"I wont even comment TETHER being """""hacked""""", I will just change the topic to the bitcoin, I will put some jew sentence in the middle and some retarded "buy X and Y goyim" at the end.Thats how I justify TETHER USDT being hacked.Aha.
So it ends being all true at the end.
Well I'm changing to binance right ahead.
https://archive.is/ZFDBfThe original post of Bitfinex/Tether.TETHER HARDFORKINGOnly a retard would keep his money with these people.
It's over the dream is over.
I cashed out completely am I retarded?
Not if you made gainz
Tether looks shady af.I tried to read what it is and I have an impression it is just a way to scam ppl out of their money and give nothing back.How the fuck do ppl end up holding it?
Has anybody actually chosen to store their moneys in USDT?
If so, why?And why are ppl still holding it?
Can't theu exchange it for rock solid BTC?
I agree fellow anonymous user of 4chan bitcoin is worthless and tether is the only reason it's up
Why does tether have BTC identical addresses?
Can someone explain this to me?
Cashing out is very conservative.Moving to an exchange or coins with no USDT trading pairs keeps you in the game and a still provides some protection.
Lovin' it.A few days ago I was getting slapped down hard for saying there was a problem with Tether.The charts and maths made it look like Bitfinex were printing Tether's out of thin air.
There was more Tether in existence than there should be.I said the chart showed "money-printing"But guess what... now $31m of those thin-air-tethers have transfered into real money and vanished.I fucking love watching shitcoiners in distress.
Fuck it I'm going to GDAX I don't care about your faggy shitcoins I'll just live in BTC/ETH/LTC world for a while
It's a token running on BTC network via trickery called the Omnilayer.
bad to worse for these scammers (I'm referringto USDT, the guy who stole it is based)
I did of course but I'm still not sure about what I've just done ...i guess we will see im safe either way
4482711448258244825164482489448248144824054482180
stop pls.
this nsa shit makes u look dumb
no u
Plz elaborate, Im not into all these biz memes.Is it actually illegal to hold anything but USDT in USA?
thanks NSA
you're probably some indian guy, getting paid in tethers to shill on this forum.
the truth, whatever it may be, will come out eventually.
if proven true, people like you will look stupid as fuck (not to mention suspect).>muh NSA.Tether/Bitfinex are acting strange lately, and the people defending them are acting shady as fuck right now.
Plz, could u perhaps tell me, what in the world stops ppl from trading out of usdt?
muh tether!!
!Literally an NSA meme