Honestly what's the point of even being rich if you can't look like this?
less /biz/ more /fit/
You can use ur cryptominey to pay that guy to fuck your wife
money is power
you can be both u know
no squats, no assI can look like that with implants now
I already look like that.And unless you've ever been 300lbs or are paralyzed, you can too.
Looking like that takes discipline sure,but with consistent gains from calisthenics and wise investment you could look good, still, and have the mental clarity and time to make that happen.You could afford a better camera, and with enough help maybe not be such a garbage person that someone will take your picture for you.
Why would you want to look like a Mirelark?
Dude is small
4387659Post your bodies estatting fags
aspiring to be a 5'8" manlet
What makes you think hes a manlet?
Your coping mechanism?
I'm actually on my first steroid cycle right now.
Gained 17LBS in 2 months!!!
I weighed the same for like 6 years!
And I feel Fucking.
Mighty.Seriously I daydream about kids getting stuck under burning cars so I could go lift that shit.
Omfg BEST DRUG EVER
Because I'm not a weak shit dicklet trying to hide behind muh muscles I'd kick as ass.
I win.
I'm the real man here.
And any bitch with him that sees it will be on my dick.
Tren or test?
enjoy the smoll dikus
If you think punching a guy out will get you his girlfriend you have a lot of growing up to do.
SS and GOMAD
Test E, but I am now VERY curious of other substances.
Staring down the "rabbit hole" it seems.Also pin the DELTS.
Fuuuuck the glutes the needle is like 4x bigger and I fuckin super soakered my bathroom with blood once when I pinned an artery.
Punching a guy out will definitely get his girl Depending on how much of a skank she is But only if he starts the ruckus
No way dude the chicks are like traumatized by that shit...
If i am rich, I dont need to break my back working a skilled manual labor job to earn better money than a pizza flipper.
Giving me more energy, time and less work related strain my body to go out and workout with all my new free time i have from not working.this is the dream.
I dont want a lambo, I just want to lift some weights and not work 60-70 hours every week
Last time I got in a fight his chick started texting me a week later Like I said depends if they are a slut or not
Just make sure your ai is dosed properly and do test + tren for your next cycle.
Also make sure to have PCT ready.
Personally I hated both delts and glutes for pinning - I find the quads to be fantastic since you have full control of the needle and hitting the outer upper quad results in very little pain.
And how long they have been dating.
Slut or not nobody wants to see their loved one bleeding out on the pavement
I started pinning delts holding the needle like a dagger.
Use your thumb to easily pull back and aspirate then inject.
I can't imagine myself ever injecting IM any other way ever again.And yeah test + tren is next on the list.My phat chode is as tiny as ever, no change.
Women aren't capable of love.
They just want to fuck the biggest alpha in this forest.
No need to tip me for my advice.
I'm a rich Jew.
I just roughed him up I didn't stomp him and shit He was acting hard, I put him down, she's into the bad boy stuff and when she realized he was a punk so came to me They were dating a couple months
Women aren't capable of love.Just because you haven't experienced it doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
I've felt it, it's great while it lasts.
Chances are it won't and you'll question yourself for a long time if any of it was worth it.Sometimes the answer is yes.
dont even bother saying thism you will never get a picture from estatters
Not reaching your natty potential before juicingNever gonna make it
My stats are shit.
No spotter so I bench 190lbx12.. think my posture is off my arms just give too fast.
Squat 2pl and do 12 straight arm pull ups.
Don't deadlift/OHP because of injuries.
man he's gonna kill his back doing that
I didn't change weight for 6 years man.
Potential was met lol
Why would you have to?Where did people get this idea that you need to be a multiple regional bodybuilding champion natty in order to be allowed to use steroids?
Not a steroid user but it just seems illogical to me.
easy come easy gosame reason biztards get a trade right and then lose everything doing x100 leverage because they thought they were the gods of the market
I look better, Just i'm not rich!
FUCK
Seriously I use to be fat.
I lost 60lbs and became skinny fat.
Started working out and got decent gains then it just stopped.
No matter how often or how hard the weights hit their max and stayed there.Roids fixed that shit right up in a matter of weeks.
Like holy fuck my shoulders are HUGE right now.
People are downright intimidated by me and cutie cashiers/waiters have been blushing/stuttering.
That NEVER happened when I was natty.
What were your lifts before you started juicing?
OHP, squat, deads and bench
What makes you think that?
The body isn't anything like gambling shitcoins.Steroids increase muscle nuclei which gives ex-users permanent advantage over natties.
Using steroids for one or two cycles then staying Natty for ever will put you at a significant advantage to another lifetime natural.
It makes no sense to think your body responds differently to 3500ng/dl testosterone with one year of training vs 4 years
honestlyWhat's the point of even being this good looking, but scrub toilets for living?
He doesn't hyper half-snatch
scoliosis
Hurt my shoulder doing OHP, only had 135 on the bar.
Lifts have been hard ever since.
I would deadlift 3pl8 for a while but I stopped.
Family history is all back problems and I have no insurance.
I've never gone beyond 2pl8 for squatting cuz it feels so comfy.
Was this singles or 5 rep maxes?
Also you probably were (and still are) lifting like a retard which is why you saw no gains for 6 damn years and the roids are compensating hard now
Rate me lads
pretty similar/10
I usually do 10-12 reps desu... hmm maybe this is my problem?
once you're rich through passive income (and not working 20 hours a day) it's really easy to spend all day focused on fitness and physical hobbies.
get rich enough and you can go from being a fatass to a body like that in under ~2 years and have the best trainers, diet, and supplements to do it at the same level as a professional bodybuilder
supplements
This.
Yep, this is how celebrities do it.
that huge cock
All 'bout dat dere celltech
jew
If you were rich you would have more free time to exercise and more money to purchase and prepare healthier foods.
I wouldn't need to I can hire that guy to protect my ass.
Especially when I get old.
Am I supposed to be 80 yo and jacked?
A kid could still kick my ass with or without muscles at that age.
I just watched a doc on this guy's private security (also pictured), just hire some 0perat0rs and call it a day.
Fell for the alpha bullshit
syntholnot even once
As soon as you get tired of spending most of your life in a gym, you'll look like this.