Thanks to BCH, and Bitcoin Goldz, we've been on a wild ride this year, but NOW is the time!!
If you haven't been stocking up on MOON at 1 sat, this week by Saturday will be your LAST CHANCE >wtf is so good about Mooncoin?
Thanks to the devs not wanting to become poor, Mooncoin has a new innovative algorithm - Balloon Hash This, coupled with the massive (300+billion)coin cap and a short transaction time means ANY computer can mine and make transactions without the high fees associated with bitcoin.
As a matter of fact, the high capacity of coins makes MOON the ideal candidate for microtransactions in the crypto world.
Don't get me wrong, Bitcoin is great!
But because of the high transaction fees, you will never be able to use it to buy hamburgers or anything worth less than a 80k sats.
Why aren't you fueling up for this launch, anon??
TO THE MOON
Haha I remember this one, got in at 1 sat and it got pushed to ten by whales, I sold at 9,8,7 sats.Christ cant beleive its still going.
Is stan still around?
He had like 500 million moon from what I remember
>(300+billion)coin cap
>moon is going to moon
log off
I got in a 4 says and basically paid my rent for three months with my gains.
Great summer!
Despite their infrequent appearances at BitcoinTalk Barry and Stan are still doing the lords work and keeping this coin strong :)Care to guess how many paper dollars exist in circulation?
Yes.
WhenI'm still sitting on BTC and LINK, should I get off my arse for a bit
There are a few new markets listing it, so very soon.
(The Germans are waking up) It's never a bad idea to hodl BTC, if I were to make an analogy, BTC to MOON would be like gold bars versus copper coins.
Can't really make any LINK analogies, sorry..
The amount of shilling I've seen for it rings of P&D
The amount of shilling I've seen for itIsn't it the opposite?
PnD would be like a couple of days of pajeetposting
Also I don't know what the fuck you mean by "the Germans are waking up".
It's half past midnight in bongland, and they're like 2 hours off or something, so that's past 2am for them.
Not this again...
guhJesus fucking Christ kill yourselves, how are you even capable of living knowing you're a total shit fucker LOL.
Lol!
I found a amazing coin group.I'd took the signal before the BCH, DASH coin rised.
t.me/Dvapump <- join!