How the fuck is this NOT centralized?
Shit is going to crash so hard.https://bitinfocharts.com/top-100-richest-bitcoin-addresses.htmlSeeing segwit2 and all the manipulation is showing me how much of a shitshow this is.
No comments...stay ignorant.
btc is so fucking shit in all categoriesits only value is just that it is bigbtc =dooomed
The chink cartel controls an even greater percentage of bch Is that somehow a better option?
I don't think you understand what "centralized" means.
This isn't fucking communism.
You're going to have rich coiners.
A concentration of wealth is not "centralization".
sounds alot like an oligarchy.
The best option is for BCH to kill BTC and then BCH will die afterwards due to POW being discredited.
BTC dying paves the way psychologically for people to think that there is no "too big to fail" digital currency.They are both centralized trash.
It's technically not centralized, but it's definitely heading towards that direction:
Lolz at the people here thinking the ownership isnt a problem.
the 1% of 2^160 is...sorry buddy it's way less that 1%
This man owns half
A lot of those addresses are lost forever, from a time when 100btc couldn't afford you a pizza and people mined on their laptops for fun
Um those same addresses are also holding the same proportion of BCH.
Fellow kids!
Look at this!
FIREWORKS!
FIREWORKS!
FIREWORKS!Stay in school, don't do drugs and remember only losers buy Bitcoin Cash.
da 1%>gibsmedatsKill yourself Bernie.
OP you fucking mong.
None of it matters unless all of the owners of the addresses get together and decide to dump at once, which is A) logistically impossible, and B) fucking retarded.
You clearly do not understand what the meaning of centralization is.
Part of the beauty of PoW is that being rich doesn't make you the 50% automatically.
Even if 1 address were to control 90% of bitcoin, I could still trust the network to send my coins from A to B.
Say it with meDEAD AFRICANSEADAFRICANS
So, dare I say it, /ourguy/?
You.
I like you.Let them both die and a better, non-PoW coin can take the throne (doesn't need to be ETH)
How the fuck is someone suppose to become rich if every digital currency keeps dying though?You would have to be selling all your coins to get the latest coins that is at the top.You don't see the U.S. dollar failing because the British Pound suddenly surpassed it.
One person != one address, especially if people use change addresses.
I have a ton of addresses that were used before and are now 0.
daily reminder that this is gambling
fuck yes what a chad
owned by 1% of addressesStupid statement considering addresses are used once and thrown away.
Have you guys seen Jungle Gold?
The chinks are fucking criminals and steal mining equipment in Africa all the time.
This guy is based.
You stupid fuck,these are addresses with BITCOIN ON THEM
You stupid fuck, no shit, most people consolidate their coins into a few addresses, or onto an exchange that does.
Of course there are few addresses with coins compared to addresses in existence.I've probably used 3000 addresses this year, only 2 have coins in them.