Here's the next Confido boys, this is going to 10x for sure.
ICO only raised 2M+ when it was supposed to be a 33m valuation.Charlie shrem advising only GENESIS VISION and VIBE.
AND HE GOT VIBERATE LISTED ON BITTREX!Hitbtc is confirmed for tomorrow, buy them on ED cheap before it 10x
We have approval from HitBTC (will be listed from November 16 3:00 pm UTC), EtherDelta (will be listed from November 15), and continue negotiations with the number of exchanges (Bittrex and Binance).
gogogo!
Charlie's got their back!
CONfidoCON
Do you have an ED link ?
Name or the coin?
How can I find it on memedelta?
Supply?
Site?
Post more info nigger.
What was ICO price?
looks like it's here https://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETH
https://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETHhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zipMTu1HsxE&t=92sWATCH THE VIDEO AND THANK ME LATER
Will be buying some.
Such a under valued ICO.
What was ICO price?
sexy
https://blog.genesis.vision/charlie-shrem-joins-genesis-vision-advisory-board-howey-test-passed-hitbtc-listing-confirmed-a405e11c4151passes the howey test this will easily be added to any big exchange if its requested
ICO price was $1.
If you got in today, you got a great deal.Already listed on ED: https://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETH
Russians and blacks?
Never relax!
clearly a jew.
You faggots learned nothing from Bancor?
WTF, Dmitry is Sergey Nazarov's brother?This shit gonna moon like ChainLink!
Looks like they've already published a demo app:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=vision.genesis.android.demoLooking good so far.
Oh come on!
thats a shit coin...its not even on cmc, so get the fuck off...
Link mooned?
I x4 my money on it and exited near the top so yes.
Newfag gtfo
Market cap of this shitcoin?
It's not on CMC because the ICO just ended, what a dumb comment.
Low cap, tokens burn, Charlie Shrem, smooth ICO process, demo on Google Play (as opposed to just whitepaper).
This coin is going to the moon.Even at 4X the market cap is just over $10MM!
At what time is it available on ED?
GENESIS VISION !!!
NEXT CONFIDO!!!
20x!!!!
market cap < 3m.
this is gonna be big, similar to hoziron with its valuation and horizon hit 10x.
we have charlie shrem and exchanges upcoming, 10x is just the first step to the moon
https://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETHno one is selling it yet tho
Presale is 20 cents... not touching this shit
nobody wants to sell it till it hits 10x
Presale is 20 cents... not touching this shitHow much was sold in presale though?
ahahahahah $0.20 pre-sale
pre sale 30% discount but ethereum up now... similar price at the moment.
guys dont listen to them...total supply is 44M, and ico price 1$ thats too much for this shit coin and the just want to reduce their loss
Tokens are not unlocked yet, so no one can sell them.Presale maximum bonus was 30%, not 20 cents, please get your facts right.
Stop the fud, fake info
you have to take math classes and be more aware of the crypto world.
the tokens were burned and that's why this business turned out to be interesting.
Total supply is 3.3MM, none of you here check facts clearly.
See it here: https://etherscan.io/token/0x103c3A209da59d3E7C4A89307e66521e081CFDF0
yeah 3.3 M 10x easy!!!
people trying to FUD this to bring price down.
they probably missed out on ICO, what a sad little boy hahaha.
3m market cap now, MOON coin
When will it start selling on ED?
In 3-4 hours.lol at the pitiful FUD attempts above
You guys need to check the returns on NIO CFD HST UFR to realize why this is a great opportunity
only wagecucks with neetbux count in fiat.
anyone worth their salt in crypto goes by eth/btc.
Damn.
I'll have to be asleep or else my day tomorrow would be totally fucked.
I suppose I could set a buy a little above the presale bonus price (70 cents if I'm not mistaken), assuming presalers will dump as per usual
100% Moon
how many tokens per eth at ico?
token = $1
sigh... how many tokens per eth numbnuts
?
Charlie is a fucking legend, a steal under 10M mcap!Team was rlly smart so total tokens are based on 75%=sold just like Horizon State.But this actually has a good project!
shilling is too obvious
Fuckin moron...
the price of eth changes all the time 'fuckin moron'.
did you exchange fiat for these tokens directly or ethereum?
it seems this project attracts too many new coiners.
im out
when trade will open?
i feel like im going to get pajeet'd by this shit harddid you guys figure out what the ico price was?
Everyone got a different ETH price, dumbass.
They gave you as many tokens as your investment was worth in USD at the time it was sent.To simplify, let's say 0.003 ETH.
In case that's too hard for you to calculate, it's 333 GVT per ETH.
pitiful attempts by FUDders trying to drive price down.
what is supposed to moon will eventually moon and this is it.
low cap, CHARLIE SHREM, exchanges confirmed HITBTC within 1 day of ICO (thats crazy efficient speed by team) -> MOONnothing gonna stop us baby
im just gonna wait until it drops below ICO, dont worry i'll buy some of your bags at -30%
Fuck you shrem daddy
4375490when the fuck the market will open?
4374446how is the market cap $mil, 44 mil at 1$ is 44 mil exactlyyou're saying the coin will fall by 75%?
thats cool
75%burned
total raised was 2,836,724 times by $1under 3 million marketcap
when its going live guys ?
flushes straight down the SIBOS toilet
Do the freaking math this is on the same level as CFD and HST, I’m buying even at 3x on ED
it should be going live in 2 hours, with HitBTC in a day or two
Advisors include Shrem, Founder of Changelly and Lykke.Considering Shrem's other tokens had mkt caps of 40-50million, and this concept is also much better, its a broader version of ICONOMI that deals will all assets and not only crypto.
Just stfu and let it come on EtherDelta so I can stack up before everyone on 4chan and Reddit knows about this coin.
Thinking of throwing 6 ETH into this, can I get x5?
Bagholder spotted, you would be retarded to buy this at X anything given that it is Russian.
I look forward to the hitbtc whale dump like ebet
where on etherdelta??
>can't buy anything until FridayI'm fucked.
https://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETH
WHO HERE READY TO GET PAJEET'D BY THIS?
exactly, you dumb idiot.
Confido is the next Confido
its really quiet right now
live on ed right now
No one's selling at less than 2.5x.
Time to start buying.
30 No"lol im waiting for the confirmation and i will dump the gvts just bought yesterday at double the price" i guess this must be thinking everyone out there ;)
Hey, they're free to run head-first into my buys at 1.5x ICO ;)
it feels like this order book is being manipulated pretty hard
CFD #2.
Shake out the weak hands, buy their tokens for cheap, don't start selling until x10-15.
im very confused on how etherdelta works, newbie here... can be prices mixed between the "bid" and "ask" sections?
can people be so stupid to buy something WAY MORE EXPENSIVE than the lowest ask?
i dont understand, if somebody care to explain that will be great!
this will dump because it is releasing on a bear day for alts.
people will see the one green coin in their portfolio and sell it
prices slowly crawling up.
accumulating now before it gets even more expensive!
2x, 3x the ico price is nothing compared to the gains at 10x :)
fused on how etherdelta works, newbie here... can be prices mixed between the "bid" and "ask" sections?
can people be so stupid to buy something WAY MORE EXPENSIVE than the lowest ask?
i dont understand, if sobid / ask is often lagging for 1-2 min
what are you guys trying to buy at?someone keeps putting up a 10 eth buy wall in front of my order.
its starting to piss me off
do you mean in the order book?
i refresh the page many times and im still seeing this mixture... even more, there are weird mixtures in the "trades" section, i dont think is because the page lag... what im missing?
got mine at 0.0055
its a trap!
lol
yes orderbook is often lagging.In the Trades section you see the real buys.
EtherDelta does not buy "all offers below the price you set" like many other sites.
it purchases only at the exact price (whioch might be higher than lowest ask)also many people fat finger it and put price = number of tokens they want to buy
i get it, thanks :)
hows it going bois?
have you secured your tickets to the moon with this spaceship?
going strong on ED, no signs of dump, just gonna go up and up, MOON!
how long should we wait to be sure no dump?
in your experience?
i mean, the ico just ended and it is a very attractive price for profits right now...
don't worry about a dump, you will be able to make big gains on this, if you have a small amount of patience i.e.
hold longer than a couple of days

My buddies and I managed to buy some more in the 50-60 range.We'll wait out the weak hands and flippers and sell when HitBTC comes in play.
This is going to x5 for sure.
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoMarkets/comments/7d4t2a/is_gvt_going_to_be_biggest_gainer_this_month_most/
Guys, is it still worth buying?
tomorrow is getting listed on hitbtc, make your choice, but i would suggest you choose fast
there'll be a dip incoming on ED, very typical.
shake out those weak and panic hands.
this will be the opportunity to get in(if you havent) or to accumulate more.
its the psychological trend waves that takes place after the ICO.
it is pre-requisite for a greater moon once all weak hands are out
price target to buy?
and with that im now officially a bagholderi should just put up a modest buy order next time instead of trying to go in front of the buy walls
i should just put up a modest buy order next time instead of trying to go in front of the buy wallsSame here.
Every freaking time.
What price did you get in at?
4378473iiii-is .0071 very bad?
ish
you should see the amount of bounty hunter indians in the telegram.
it'll make you cringewatch out for this one, even though it is low mcap.
let the price slide first
last chance to buy, i bagged up 0.007
Guys I think we actually might get dumped on...
Charlie Shrem>trusting a kike convict
This detailed and thorough ICO analysis was bought to you by /pol/
HITBTC CONFIRMED TMRW
sell befor it happens, cut your losses they'll dump
Just bought some on ED.