Crypto is just random noise.
Literally anything can happen at any time.
I'm starting to think it's not worth the constant stress eventhough i have profited some in the few months i have been in the game.
So where can i put in my $50k and watch it grow slowly or any ideas to generate a modest amount of income every month from that?
I know right?I actually fucking hate being in this but It's made me a lot of money but not enough to actually make it and quit this shit forever.Wish i was just around to buy eth in the beginning and have a mil and never have to look back at this shit again.
I literally care nothing about bitcoin or blockchain in general I'm just riding the wave trying to make it like a lot of people.
Bought at 7KNothing substantial but no reason for me to sell.Just gonna ride, might even buy more, I don't give a fuck
Same here anon.
That's true for a lot of us.I don't give a single flying fuck about cryptocurrency or anything related to blockchain shit.
I just want a million and I'm out.
random?
I saw the BCH flippening coming a mile away.
There were tons of signs.
BCH fundamentally is better, there are lots of miners who stand to profit from a flippening greatly.
Once BCH volume started skyrocketing at $400 I bought BCH as I saw the potential for this to happen.
May be random to you but not to everyone.
stay enslaved to your central banking overlords bitch
and if it dies and never recovers?
gg u
Yeah pretty much.I heeded the "this is a volatile market be prepared to lose everything quickly" meme and didn't stake a lot in it.Besides.
I was looking at a 5 coin purchase Nov 2015.
Had I done this I would've made around $30,000.
So I think of it as I've missed out already and made it worse buying in late.I've been following thinking I was late every price jump.
I don't think it will hit zero.
I'm already prepared to lose, just gonna chill.tl;drYeah, basically gg me
4313248Guys, just buy chunks of an S&P500 ETF every month.
Keep 5% in crypto so you can fiddle with that.
Leave the other 95% alone and just let it grow.
This is a solved problem, seriously.
You don't have to pick coins, or stocks, just buy the market and live your life.Don't buy all at once though, market's a little hot right now.
Just dollar cost average into it over the next year or two.Then all the swings in crypto become joyous.
I'm laughing my ass off at this flippening chaos because % of my net worth is in crypto.