Thank you money skeleton.
How much higher can we expect to go?
Back to 300 ofc
Congrats on this, seriously.
Keep memeing and dreaming, Vitalik.And, yes, I have a higher IQ than you.
Thank you money skeleton
Thank you money ped..I mean skeleton
thank you cp ske- I mean Thank you <<<Uses the example of hypothetically arguing for the relative lack of harm to others of cp in a hypothetical vacuum scenario to illustrate that it is in fact even harder than that to argue for the lack of harm to others through an individual's choice of using some drugs, this being a general critique against a typical logical argument often used by libertarians and ancaps that doesn't take into account the fact that no man is an island>>> skeleton.
Bitcoiners are fucking scared now so they try to fud money skeleton.
pedocoin
you can directly buy and sell eth with usd>majority of eth volume is fiat/alt pairs>muh btc valuedude
If eth had value as a currency its "children" would correlate more strongly with it than BTC.
The opposite is true.
ERC20 tokens correlate more strongly with BTC than ETH.
Fact.
It is a fantastic business platform, and I would love to help you make it better, but it isn't a FIAT currency like BTC is becoming.
Vitalik is surprised I figured out he is a mod.
I am seriously much smarter than you.
And I will make you rich and give you much freely given pussy if trust me.
I am literally the end all of crypto.
Jump on the train or be left behind.
Tweet my ICO model or be my enemy forever.
Tweet my ICO model or be my enemy forever.I can't emphasize this more.
I am at the dirt.
And I know who my friends are.
I will destroy you.
Don't think for a fucking second that you are better than me.
I WILL FUCKING DESTROY YOU I PROMISE YOU.
bumphigh IQ vs. autism who wins?
I WINI WILL TAKE A GUN TO WHOMEVER STANDS IN MY WAY
Pedocoin dump ETH now.
T-t-thats not how shadows and the sun work, OP...
someone photoshop in a 8 year old girl so its more accurate
It is settled.
I will kill those who think they own me.
I promise you,.
>communist pedo refugee shelter designersEth is a mess
What is the near future of ETH?