It’s been fun memeing with you guys, but I’m 24 and my hair is going grey from the stress Gonna cash out 900k and buy a house, pay the taxman, fill up my TFSA with stocks, use whatever’s left to buy furniture and building supplies to fix up the house.
Might upgrade my car if there’s enough.My goal at the start of the year was to turn the $5k I had into $50k so I’d chalk this up as a win I’d like to thank LSK and BCH for doing the bulk of the work with my portfolio
Uses gift from crypto gods so cement his position in wage cucking for life, wow; get a $1M equity loan while you’re at it and work over time to pay it off
Nice, congrats anon.
One day that'll be me.
How much did you start with?
fill up my TFSA with stocksrip 900k
gz bro happy for you
buy a houserip common sense.
enjoy losing it all.
OP is a genius.
if everyone was that smart no one would make any money
My goal at the start of the year was to turn the $5k I had
Does it not say 5k Rakesh?
Whats 1.02MM CAD in real money?
>He went back to his buys from earlier in the year and edited the amount he bought to make it look like he made $1MMNice LARP, Rakesh.
We're gonna need you back at the dell customer service line again in 5 minutes.
Someone got their dick stuck in the hard drive again.
You diversify you dumb prick, if you set it right like me you have less than 10% in crypto and live off the income
I had to comment on this idiocy twice.
The fact that you could fault a guy for turning essentially NOTHING into one million dollars is staggering.
I can't imagine how hard it would be to step away from a game that netted you 1mil, but he's doing it.
Your greed will end you.
% Blue Chip, 20% Property, 20% P2P aka Rate Setter (9% pa) and 10% Crypto
youll only get 200k back after taxes
Wow you’re a dumb cunt, stay poor; this guy has been given the opportunity to live life the what it’s supposed to be (If not larping) and looks to me throwing it way to be a wagecuck
Oh look another blockfolio larp pathetic
My Nigger!!
!Could you send me some BTC for a hooker tonight??
?Thanks15rhNRJr77EhnoXLKLDZmLwsL3sufx9Eyw
why don't you belive in what made you rich and stake 100k NEO and 100k BTC and cash out 700k?
Send me a beer's price in Bitcoin, I'll drink for your success and for more of it IRL!
Good job with crypto, I hope you had fun.1kYUZES7D59b4tkUKUm15TsGYTLQEUegv
Pay taxes?
Are you crazy what are you going to have left?Take advantage over the fact that it is hard to track and you have more or less anonymity .Move to eastern europe, let them build a house how you want it, get some nice thick walls and a good gate against gypsies and whatever else.
In poorer countries you're worth practically doubles since everything is cheaper.
Enjoy the good nature, romania and bulagaria have really great internet, romania has the best in europe.Try to avoid taxes, if you cannot don't let them tax everything but just a small amount.
Appreciate it!!
GOD BLESS YOU DEAR SIR
anon , is stressed out naa
4323717sheeeeit haha sorry for being DUM DUM
romaniaunironically
Nice larp faggotIf you have that much money you wouldn't even post here
I'm from Poland.
I travel mainly throughout Eastern Europe, been in Romania this year.The best country to go to is western Ukraine.
Seriously.
My dad has more than that much money and posts here all the time.
Romania has Korea-tier internet.Good nature, people speak english, latin language, cheap whores, you can get a house build to your liking for a few thousands, you can travel to other european cities in hours with cheap flights.If I'd get a mil through crypto I'll move to romania for sure.
Best bang for the buck.
Only if you want to be in a civilized world tho, if not theres shitty asian countries that are probably better.
Congrats anon, hope you find happiness and inner peaceMoney only buys freedom, now use it
I am so jelly dear anon, since I am on a losing streak.
I will appreciate some beer money to drink on you.
1LBw9ApTPnotJkt33rQ8JxgVYM7gsWLjSR
4324115i'm from italy been in romania one year ago coming back in december and planning to go there.Leu is 1/5 euro if you are not poor here there you are rich enough
The best country to go to is western Ukraine.
Why so?
Absolute cheapest and livable.
Close to decent countries if you want to travel, nice history too, and best white girls in the entire Europe.
Not only by looks, but also by personality.
Seriously, been there 6 times, I absolutely love it.Romania has its clear advantages though, Internet being one of them, and people actually speak decent English.
You have to pay taxes?>be britbong>Slowly cash out BTC on local bitcoin>bank freezes my account>(((Suspicious activity)))>have to explain what crypto is>thats what drug dealers use isn't it?>oh boi>finally get bank account back with £350k>go to buy a house>have to prove where I got the money from>have to explain to some estate agent roastie cunt>finally buy my house>pic related>in a comfy village but fuck me, houses are far too expensive.
>look at what £350k could buy me in america>feel sick
I never said anything about wagecucking.
I’m diversifying my money.
Still keeping $100k in crypto.Contribution limit for my TFSA is around $50k currently.
Got about $15k in there right now, just want to max it out.
Gains made in it are 100% tax free.parking money in a safe, appreciating asset isn’t common sense This is what rentfags actually believe I like Canada.
Only half my capital gains will be taxedHouses in my hometown are about $400-$500k, I plan on moving to a town where they’re about $200k
I like Canada.
Only half my capital gains will be taxedYou pay tax on all of your capital gains retard.
What are you talking about.
dear britbong - do you have to pay taxes on BTC in the UK?how much had you cashed out before they froze your accont?
that sounds scary as fuck D:
congrats OP.
sometimes my portfolio jumps up that high but it's always because of a 0 liquidity etherdelta airdropped shitcoin
Currently, only 50% of realized capital gains are taxable in Canada at an individual's tax rate.
Some exceptions apply, such as selling one's primary residence which may be exempt from taxation.
[4] Capital gains made by investments in a Tax-Free Savings Account (TFSA) are not taxed.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_gains_tax>retard
Just one question - where did you get your information from when you decided to pick coins?
was it just from /biz?
this t b q h desuwhy wagecuck for the juden so that your children can benefit from a home inheritance?
You're only going to be in your 20's once.
TFSACheers fellow canuckbro, mine’s maxed out already and I’ll add more when the limit increases in JanNice gains bruh
must be nice to be (((middle class)))some of us have to actually make it ourselves :/
i started out trading entirely on TA, but after that fucked me a few times i started trading with TA on coins that looked like they had good fundamentals as well.
If i saw a coin shilled here and the chart looked good i would do some research on it and buy it.
You're living the dream, you cunt How did you get so lucky?
Early adopter?
Implying you can live off of 1 million cad.
You might be lucky to be able to get a house for that much
average price of a house where I'm looking is $200k
Congrats OP.
Hope I get there and will likewise cash out if I do make it.
Only idiots will keep playing crypto till one day tulip mania collapses.
How exactly did $5K become nearly 1 million?You daytrade?
daytradermore like larping
not exactly, I'd say i make 3-5 trades a month
CAD
Why are you being elusive?This is your moment to shine and show us how much more clever you were than the rest of us.So you made perfect choices and got in at IPO prices for LISK and rode it to present highs?Where did you develop the intuition to pick only winners?
So you made perfect choices and got in at IPO prices for LISK and rode it to present highs?far from it my friend.
I bought a ton of LSK at about 0.004 BTC and sold it at 0.016.
Put most of that into BCH at 0.125.
Held through a 50% loss, sold most of it at 0.4.>Where did you develop the intuition to pick only winners?I have picked a ton of losers, as you can see from my chart I've lost close to half my portfolio a couple of times this year, it just doesn't look like much when compared to the most recent spike.I've also sold far too early a few times, I could have so much more than i have right now if i had only been making perfect trades.
Sorry but what is TA?
Anyone know?
technical analysis.
you will never be out james.
% rare Pepes.
We need to make America MAGA again.