I am losing faith into this project.
Getting JUSTed so hard right now
Its literally paypal for eth.big deal.
people are still holding this zero substance shitcoin which is severely overvalued?you gave these retards 30 million for a whitepaper
I gave these retards 40m for a whitepaper, if you wanna be correct.
Greed and emotions lead me to this shit decision.
So sell then
sell and suck my dick
It's literally currency agnostic.
If there is an API available for your desired currency, you can request it with REQ.
Look at how many projects with worse fundamentals that are mooning that are also projects with not much more than a whitepaper.
Request will have it's time, there's no reason for it not to.
The market is just being ridiculous for now.
If you wanna play that game, how do you justify feathercoin having a 50m market cap, it literally brings nothing new to crypto yet it somehow gets valued that way, yet an idea with good backing and the potential to be game changing doesn't deserve anything more than 30 mil?
You're saying i can literally fork a coin and it deserve more money than something that's designed to be game changing.
Stupid fuck..
Just wondering how fast you were expecting to 20000x your money?
They have a solid groundwork for 2018.
If you don't want to wait, just see what happens when they launch beta at the end of this year and decide for yourself based on the market what to do then.Seriously, this is a whitepaper project that costs pennies.
Its obviously a sleeper.
Sell if you can't deal with a 20% drop over the span of a week.
This shit is my retirement once it hits a 1 bn market cap
Where the fuck are you getting this 20%?
Nearly a 50% price "drop" last ATH and nearly 40% since ICO.
Crazy pajeet.I expected nothing, just a stable ico level, since i wanted to hold until Q2 anyway, but with this tempo we wont excist in Q2.Valid point, but like you said "The market is just being ridiculous".
4491045Thanks for the advice.
-26.8% in dollar value due to eth increasing, and thats with me putting it into blockfolio at the wrong time.
It's slightly less if you have the correct eth value at the time of the ICO.
2018 q2 500M market cap.Cap this.
fuck giving those retards hope.
Just sell your request now.
You got ripped by french persons so what.
Move on.
Are you retarded?Go chase some shitcoin pumps if you can't read a fucking roadmap schedule.
if this friday's update is absolute shit (again) im out
yes please fuck off
i'm the guy the market dumped 100k today btw.
aint noone got time to wait till Q2 of 2018
just bought 5k
I can't wait until May WAHpathetic
if this gets to $2 it will cover all my link losses LOL KILL ME
This is a supply/demand issuePeople with a lot of $ simply do not believe in this projectDon't blame this on whale manipulation either.
There's plenty of whales out there that could buy and send this to 10 cents... they're not doing that because they don't believe this project is worth 30m
this isn't worth 30m>DGB is worth 85m
Do what I did.
Dump it for POWR and ride that sweet aussie wave!
Arguably REQ has a fair value around 60m-100m when compared to its peers and how ambitious the project is.
But like I said without mainstream shilling whales with a lot of $ to gamble aren't buying in.Most whales have no idea what they're buying in this market, they simply FOMO
it's not gonna moon until it hits exchanges with higher volume, barring a freak pump by a whale
Stahp it.
Req has been somewhat stable for weeks.If you didn't seel last week, you should not sell now