did this sack of shit seriously shill a coin which is in direct competition to the currency (zencash) he has endorsed less than a month ago?tell me again, why do you take him seriously?he first promises that investors will make a 7500% ROI over zencash and then a month later he shills for another privacy coin.and what about small marketcap coins?
isn't this what his list is supposed to be all about?
fucking pajeet P&D snake oil salesman
Because stupid retards keep falling for it.
And pajeets keep shilling for him.
it's easy to make money if you got the status and whale money.
his subscribers should sue the shit out of him because it's pretty clear that there's a small circle of PBC investors who get to know which coin will be picked before the other subscribers and that's why the pick gets leaked here so fast.
i wouldn't be surprised at all if teeka was aware of that
He shilled monero a long time before zencash as well dude You realize how investing works right?
It isn't console wars you fucking underage cunt
 a long time before> implying that a long time before = one month later> implying that he didn't brand zencash as the MONERO KILLERneck yourself you retarded moron
There are no leaks Its just pajeets using random garbarge to shill their shit coin Oh wow 1 out of the 40 "rumored palm Beach picks" are actual picks... something fishy going on here right???
He picked monero in 2016 you fucking monkey
lol during the zencash hype the real article got leaked in less than 2 minutes.
the same happened today (someone released a pastebind of the article).sure, there are lot of fake screenshots around, but the leaks are real
are you retarded?
that's what i'm saying.
he picked monero a long time before shilling for zencash, which is quite different from first shilling for a privacy coin and then less than a month later endorsing one of its competitors.
and the fact that he branded zencash as the monero killer and the new king of privacy coins doesn't help either, why should he shill for what he considers a second-choice privacy currency now?
protip: it's a pump and dump, and you're a retard