If you're not bailing out of BTC for BCH right now, you're not gonna make it.
How high will BCH climb?
1200 by tonight, at least.
Don't be a wagecuck for life.
These shill pnds are disgusting

buy bcc which is now higher>buy btc which is now lower>literally buy high sell low
As BTC fails, alts will rise and BHC will hold its place temporarily.
Set your mark at 4800 BTC and 2500 BCH.
You're by no means late, but why not be early?
Bet on the flippening.
What do they mean by this?
4289598
Buy BCH .138 sats sell at .15
that means nothing
This.
bitcoin classic is a scammer shitcoin wannabe team, nothing to do with bitcoin nor bitcoin core rly.tl;dr bitcoin classic = pajeet
When will biz understand that if you didn't buy before a moon mission, you're just buying the bags of the ones who actually did it.
You get before, or you don't get in.
Refute this.
Until you can buy it for fiat on coinbase or gemini there will be no flippening.And if coinbase ever gives their customers their BCH I can see the value plummet because all the normies and their moms will cash it out immediately or trade it for BTC.
Pretty much reads like lines given to cores shills.Anything developed for Bitcoin can be implemented for Bitcoin Cash.>Bitcoin cash supporters are big whales manipulators and marketersSo what?
This is an ad hominem attack.
Adolf Hitler could like regular Bitcoin, it doesn't meean Bitcoin is less attractive.
"Steals Bitcoins security"- uh durr, miners can mine whatever the fuck they want.
If Bitcoin Cash is better and miners decide to mine it, that's Bitcoin's problem, not Bitcoin Cash.You'll see mass defections from those previously backing the 2x fork moving to bitcoin cash.EDA has caused minimal "inflation" and is being forked out anyway.
That post is so biased and full if misinformation.
If you believe half of that you are just a fanboy and don't make decisions based on facts.
being 5 minutes late to the party is better than missing it
I like big green daddy candles
Bitcoin Cash is a technological improvement on Bitcoin itself, while giving a middle finger to greedy Chinese miners and retaining the brand name.Bitcoin shills bring up stuff like "Digital Gold" and "Store of Value", but they just want to deflect from the fact that Bitcoin is garbage as a currency.
you don't make decisions based on facts!Post A fact.
here i got one for youcore fanboys are retarded niggers
muh EDA>conveniently ignores how segwit is a disaster for crypto
if youre buying BTC right now or anytime soon, youre a fucking moron that deserves to be shot.
Here's a fact.
Bitcoin needs a scaling solution and you're not gonna get one for 2 years.
BCH is on a major pump right now and anyone falling for these thread is going to get burned There is big money in crypto and shills to follow.
Treat BCH as a shitcoin.
That doesn't mean you should entirely avoid it.
Just treat it like the shitcoin it is.
I keep hearing that number today, must be a talking point.
I would be surprised if we don't have a basic second layer by February.
Why?
btc one one exchange 24h volume is more then a pump, this is massive and beyond anything we have seen in crypto
its not a pump tard that's what happens when everyone of you tards that are late to the party figure out that Bitcoin Cash was the true king.
We knew this the whole time no one listened and that's why I made more gains
If you're not bailing out of BTC for BCH right now, you're not gonna make it.the absolute state of biz
Within six months?But no seriously I've seen this shit before, it's another BCH pump and dump that's not even rising as fast as the last one.Difficulty adjustments don't mean shit, the difficulty goes up and miners quit.
Bitcoin holders aren't actually stupid enough to panic sell just because transaction time gets slightly slower for 12 hours, and they've proven this repeatedly.
Nobody wants to use BTC for daily transactions because it's a deflationary investment.
And nobody is going to use BCH for daily transactions because 10 minute block times is still far too slow for rapid use.
The only way crypto will ever replace fiat in such situations is with another alt altogether or the second layer you BCH cucks hate so much.
double top confirmed.
this shit will crash fast
Ever notice none of these fucking pajeet shill retards posts “why” bch is anything more and doge coin with bitcoin in the name?
The best they got is “it can do lots of transactions quick!” Who fucking cares?
If I need to send crypto I’ll use an anon coin like zen or monero.
Gtfo with this trash coin
People said this last night when it was at $800, now it's at $1000.
is this some kind of shilling campaign?
or is it simply a meme that retards fell for and are now shilling for BCH?
tfw i have no job>tfw neet>tfw coinpot all my doge coins into bitcash>only 0.00020981 bchwell.atleast i tried.
:/

It's not a flip you fucking idiots.
It's a way to make money while BTC dips.
Holy shit you are all over thinking this.
It's very fucking simple:>BTC falling>transfer to BCH>make money on BCH rising>Retransfer to BTC when BCH starts to fall, while BTC starts to rise>literal profitYou fucking nerd, pajeet accusing shit lords don't know a shill from an opportunity.
Take a minute to feel bad about yourself and then get the fuck over it and invest intelligently.
eh btc will be back up again