CVC IS THE PBC COIN!
GET IN BEFORE IT MOONS!
.
whats pbc
May the Crypto gods have mercy on our souls
Peoples Bank of China
PUMP BIT COIN
palm beach confidential.
This coin is about to moon.
I have 50 civic, will I make it?
4458591where is the confirmation?
we're all going to make it
PnD
send link to chat pls throwaway44333@gmail.com
thisat least Civic seems like an actual good coin as they stated they're under NDAs
Will civic go x1000 so I can (((make it)))?
stop.. lemme reload my bags
4458518I would have bought a couple weeks ago if they were listed on one of the exchanges I'm on, but already have enough accounts and din't want to bother with another shitcoin exchange as binance has me covered for most shitcoins, oh well, hope you guys bought early and do well
i have only 200 because this coin was fairly quiet in the past monthif it gets any major pump im not buying more, i already diversified too much
GOING ALL IN ON CIVIC(got fifty in it tfw poor fag)
t.me/confidentialmatrix
I myself was only able to get a little over 100 but I wanna be on the mission
any number above 50 is enough if this goes ballisticif civic partners with a hospital or an airport this could very well be 10x
If this coin goes over x5 that counts as a success to me :)LETS DO IT TO THE MOON FELLOW ANONS
alright which group is this
t.me/confidentialmatrix
The groups released it, but this is a legitimate theory.I've suspected it's a possibility for a while, though I don't care to share my reasons in detail just think about it.
This is definitely the fucking kind of coin Teeka would pick.Groups are just now starting to spread it.
I and others have already been accumulating.
CVC has been in Teekas reports before not as a feature but as a side coin to pick up.
CIVIC GOING TO THE MOON WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
Worth getting in right now?
Really, though?
I have a couple thousand USD to blow.
Do not do this.
GO DEEP FRIENDBY THE END OF THE MONTH EACH TOKEN WILL BE 10000$ THIS IS YOUR ONE AND ONLY CHANCE TO #MAKE IT
Wtf its Civic outta nowhere?
what about the hints Mit??
Were they at the web summit?
its dumping now AGHHHHH
if you look into the fundamentals and think it has some potential, its still extremely low relative to BTC, and in the bottom half of the price range since its existence but that's a lot more risky,if you think it's bound for big things and has a big enough potential market, then go for it, but you might not want to put it all in civic, and not all at once.teeka always advises to take a position asap after getting the report, and then to wait for a major cool off from the pump effect that PBC has to take the second portion, which you could actually use to dump on some people and get out of your position and get in at a nice dip,
Nah it hasn't.
Which leads me to believe... he WAS SAVING IT!
for now.
hopefully.
WTF CIVIC IS CRASHING I JUST LOST A DOLLARSELL SELL SELL
This shit better moon.
I have my bags dumped into them.
Buying more on this dip.
Guys it's time to sell this shit just lost me a dollar IT WONT HOLD
GOING BACK UP
asian whales signaling CVC as the pbc coin as well
BTW if you find out tomorrow that it is the PBC coin and your buy order won't take because you have to keep cancelling and doing it higher and then you end up getting it for 6200 instead of 4100, you're going to hate yourself for missing this dip.
hoooly crap this is 100% legit buy buy buy
Well, looks like a good buy even if it isn’t the pbc coin.
つ _ ༽つ MY LUBE IS READY.
MY DICK IS GETTING BIGGER.
WITH THIS CHANT I SUMMON THE GIGGER!
༼ つ _ ༽つAlso buy this coin cucks.
Exactly.
I think it is PBC coin, but its near all time lows and has announcements coming either this month or December (owner has stated hes waiting for btc fork drama to cool off)
i have 10,000 cvc but i bought a 0.4. i suppose i should just dump my bags if it gets back there
Yessssss!
Heard this as well.
Please be true!
Great news!
I've been in 30% on Civic for a while, love the platform
Been following this project.
Extremely promising.
Europeans gonna wake up and hear the good news in a minute
finally, was wondering when will someone take my 15k+ August bags
this is about to pump again very hard.
don't miss out on free gains anon