After Amex news, did we find new bottom?
New moon mission?
im pretty amazed at how little it moved
Actually baffled at how this ended up only increasing by a penny.
A fucking penny.
If I had any doubts before, they are erased now.
Ripple/XRP is all FUCKING SHIT.There will be no moon.
Fuck this shitcoin.
u guys r retarded, u think 1 billion moves that fast ?
u think 1 guy is gonna invest millions in this shitcoin ?
no... crypto is about 100% gains.... so no one will have that much incentive if u kno want i mean
It's not the coin man, it's the fact that Bitcoin went to a new ATH multiple times today starting about 15 minutes after Ripple news was announced.
If you want actual good advice, wait until BTC stagnates or even declines and then buy Ripple - solid gains for a day or two.
Price moved 50% post news.
Right now we're at decent pull back, looks like accumulation...
stop shilling this shit and bcash, bigger money to be made on other shit
You're right about the ATH, but I feel as though the crypto-investment community doesn't have faith in the token model, storing away the majority of ripple really keeps anyone from wanting to trust the value.
its in the class of crash 2017. its done cooked no one wants it.
they wont use the tokens just some lines of code, then they will rewrite the tx code to fix all the crap.
its over xrp is dead, its a crap token with too much supply and too many jew fingers.
sorry guys
not understanding fundamentals of a blockchain
too much supplyChrist I get sick of seeing this retarded FUD.
It's goal is to compete against SWIFT and facilitate thousands if not 10s of thousands of transactions per day totaling in the hundreds of billions of dollars.
The supply NEEDS TO BE HIGH ya fuckin moron.
I hear ya man.
I'm big on XRP but god fucking dammit what is it going to take to MOVE this fucking thing?
Well it's mooning as we speak... We'll see if it holds true
I did consider that today selloff @ ~$.30 could very well have just been a bunch of sell orders auto-triggered from those who were left badholding from the SWELL hype and wanted to break even.
Could be.
Also when the king is on the rise to ATH, nobody dares to take the spotlight away
Amex partnered with ripple not XRP.
Same thing.
XRP is the most efficient way to use the network but financial institutions won't touch it until it's regulated which is what Ripple are trying to make happen by cozying up to the fed.
XRP will have its day.
Not any time soon though.
4406682That's the problem when there is an economic collapse they will have no choice but to use XRP.
Just imagine the biggest industry's will pump the living fuck out of this right to the multiverse where Kim Kardashian is screwing black dudes.And people will exit before the economic collapse will be official.Ripple is just positioning itself, they probably designed it like that on purpose so everything is consolidated before hand when the systems are in place.
4407261Haha thanks for the discussion I have something to play on.I mean it wouldn't give up it's position in the top 5 coins.
wow there's no way you guys are all collectively this stupid.amex is using ripple's technology, not their cryptocurrency, XRP.
ripple gains value but is not tradeable, hence why there's little price movement with XRP.
normal people who invested in ripple weren't as dumb as you all and realized this.