what's a better place to monitor coins on a desktop realtime
cryptowat.ch
whats wrong w bittrex?
coingy
why dont exchanges offer realtime alerts
This is my favorite.
it even saves your meme lines if you refresh.
Interface is fine but the whole site is working like shit lately
guess you never used Kraken, then you would know what a truly shitty interface is
bittrex interface is fine the website as a whole on the other handfucking hell die already
too many coins and no favorites option like binance and... pretty much just look at binance as what all exchanges should look like
I loooooove Bittrex, I just wish they would accept my credit card so I could buy BTC from them directly.
So sick of coinbase's "your transaction was canceled by our banking partner" bullshit.
Looking at alternatives now.
Looks like coinmama may be the best bet...
I can get verified and just buy BTC and send it to bittrex woo-hoo.
I can't trust coinbase anymore but they're practically the only game in town.
REEEEEEEEE
try gemini
Pic related has a super nice interface.Bittrex also has garbage and very slow customer support.I'm concerned about how bot friendly binance is though.
https://twitter.com/richiela/status/928413057054674944my boi richie got u senpai
richie sounds like a fucking prick desu i'm not sure i want my coins in his hands now
Great site.
I'm glad that Kraken hasn't ruined it with their incompetence... yet.
too bad, u have to play the game
WHERES MY TRAILING STOP LOSSARGGHHH
I'll look into this, thanks Anon
oh wait credit card... yeah gemini don't od that...why not just transfer with a bank account?
what sites have a trailing stop loss?
eyyyy someone saved my meme
I laughed heartily when I saw you post it the first time.
It's ebin, my friend.
Thanks for contributing to humanity.
Use binance my guy
here's a better one another anon made in the thread
I didn’t realise I was in the presence of memeing royaltyHow do you do, sir?
you're joking.
This is literally the first thing I thought of when someone said "binance" as an answer to what exchange to use.
I thought it was a joke until a day later when I checked the website.
pretty gud I just got 3000 POWR at 3.3k sats.
MILLIONAIRE WHEN
thanksWhy are you not on your knees yet?
too bad u can only trade like 40 coins there...until then, bittrex is king
stinky, stinky linky