GET IN NOW IF YOU LIKE COMFY MOONS
Nice, just bought 100k.But seriously, join and let's moon!
>missed another moon because im poor
Just search Ripple on google, news of 20 mins ago.
BEFORE THE NORMIES JOIN< BUYYY
same :(

FFS not a single one of my Kraken orders will go through today, I'm going to miss out on this moon...
I missed it, wheres the gun?
Wow.
Only 10-15% up so far.
Anyone reading this has an actual chance to catch a moon.
It takes a billion dollars of volume for it to rise 10 cents.
This.
Enjoy getting burned by Cripple once again because you don't understand market cap.
Yeah, learned my lesson the hard way... just dumped my bags on one of you poor suckers.
So glad I held for this moment, actually ended up with a little profit.
>one of the biggest partnerships of the year>THEY'RE NOT EVEN USING THE XRP TOKENHAHAHAHA RIPKEKS PERMANENTLY, ETERNALLY B T F O
>the state of cripple and it's investors
you will bite your ass when it moons even further.
i expect a 60% rise over the next days.
Will post pics if it happens, I expect the same from you when it dumps later today
Unloaded my bags for $ profit and loss in BTC.
Fuck ripple, I'm never touching this piece of shit again unless it crashes back down to a $200M mcap
Yeah fuck a crypto with real world use :) and big companie partners , XLM and ripple going to fuck all u PnD kids in 2018
I don't give a shit about tech and all that idealistic bullshit man.
For the price to even double, $10B would have to be poured into XRP, do you understand how market cap works?
There is no money to be made here.
Buying while it's going up>not buying when it's tanking in anticipation of things like thisI would advise AGAINST buying this now if you don't hold any.
Look at the charts.
XRP will stay in the $0.20 range for a long time.
Every time it pumps up to $0.30 it always tanks back to $0.17.
Be smart, buy low.
B won't go into Ripple in the next few days, you're right.
The vast majority of your crypto positions should be long term, though.
XRP had a trading volume of 38B this year so far.
Not including OTC trading.
10B?
What a unthinkable number!
OTC Ripple trades
You must be a retard to believe coins are not traded off exchange.
Hahahahahaha
XRP is now in the stage where substantial news have fairly inconsequential effect on its price.
That's exactly how most of my positions are.
But they are so with a one-year foresight.
How many people invested in XRP in January?
I'd wager not that many.
Which is understandable, considering back then it didn't have that much going for it.
But the stew was already brewing and when it suddenly 50x'd, everybody was so certain how it was sure to happen.Take a look around and see the coins which are in a similar position now where the market cap has not caught up to that and for good reason.
Now you see where my long positions are.That, and a healthy chunk split evenly across ETH/BTC/BCH in their fiat value.
That tells me nothing.
Theoretically the price could have stayed the same.
We know that was not the case, but looking just at the volume, you get a dangerously incomplete picture.
>comfily moons
Are people really that delusional?
For ripple to be $300, it would have to have a market cap of $11,000,000,000,000, 87 times bigger than that of bitcoin.
NO!
NOOOO!IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE MEEEEEEE!
Fuck yea.
Comfiness at ATH.
This isn't right!
This was never Satoshi's vision!
4394263Part of me thinks that Ripple has a good long term future, but having fucked with it myself these are my thoughts for the short term.Fuck Litecoin too in the market sense even though there is nothing wrong with the idea itself.