DRYS Earnings Edition--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread  →
Maybe for newfags this could be useful, I've been watching themhttps://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/core-finance/stock-and-bondsand also Martin Shkreli's lessonshttps://youtu.be/ARrNYyJEnFI
bump
Thanks, next thread starter should add u to the template.
Thinking about shorting Marriott, but they've been doing so good for so long, will one child's death even make a dent in their stock?
Or will this cause a bigger downfall that's been building up all this time?
I imagine they'd have plenty of money set aside and some kind of insurance policy for this kind of shit, so even the lawsuit might pan out to nothing.
What do you niggers think?http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/19/us/atlanta-sun-dial-death-lawsuit/index.html
ceru?
#nigger
GLAD I'm GAINing on GOOD LAND.Honestly is there a reason to not own at least one of them?
Good share dividend stocks?
>tfw nervously waiting for markets to open
Don't be nervous.
Worst case scenario is that we have another Black Tuesday and you lose all your money.
I keep meaning to watch these.
I wish there was a torrent of them so I could watch them on airplane flights.
>mfw just checked the premarket
Depends how their insurance is setup.
They are probably self insured for property, but have insurance for liability.
Still, when you have claims it raises your liability insurance rates.
This will be very expensive litigation.
It could make it tick doward just because of negative press more than anything.
Whomever has the deepest pocket books is who the lawyers go after, which in this case is probably Marriott.
Wonder if anyone got any pics.
Bump.
Wake the fuck up you NEETs.
We're all gonna make it.
who here /HMNY/ ?
I wouldn't long them.
I don't see that being a viable business if two tickets per month means they break even.
$TOPS >bullish
4464674And yeah I know they can sell the data, but, there is a lot of competition in that space.
>DCIXTime to ride the MPP
Will noway pulling out of oil affect gush/drip
2 minutes to launch
Did everyone kill themselves after launch today?
alright fuckers, what's the meme of the day
can't find FAQ.
European banks?
PLN/EUR?
>Use my referral link when you sign up for a FREE stock!
share.robinhood.com/tylerk590
>AMD dips again for no reasonAwesome.
When is this shit going to moon again.
We’re overdue

BGFV all weekthank me later
EKSO MOONING
Yep, I'm in cheap so just waiting for a nice spike to dump again.
AMD has actually been a good stock for me, just gotta be patient with it.
GET IN HERE FAGGOTS BE FOR YOU'RE LEFT BEHIND IN AT 2.63
DLTR earnings in the morning, should be good.
if you go on the restaurant website it says >Please note that our rotation feature is currently unavailable.
In the meantime, you can still enjoy the 360 degree views at The Sun Dial.
Up 130% on the monthYou're doing good, lad.
Now all you need to do is sell low.
4465039
Have a kid die and have a lawsuit from a kids death is 2 very different big things.Lawsuit will effect stock
They just announced a partnership with Ford, probably going up for the short term.
Definitely not a hold stock
Buying at the dip, then holding for mid week
4465142One retarded kid ruins it for everyone.
Those booths are kinda sketchy if you look at them though.
Walking behind there if there is something you can get snagged on your fucked.
Buying a whole bunch of XGTI.
>when your sell limit pops off at the ATHfeels good manwho /green/ today?
why
Tfw you missed out on the RELY mission
Why is EWZ going down when the Brazilian indices are all up?
When the market corrects it's going to get really ugly:https://www.fool.com/investing/2017/11/19/wall-streets-hottest-loan-product-borrowing-agains.aspxHow is this a good idea?
Everything is so flat and boring today.
Market's been open nearly an hour and still nothing looks like a good play.
RIOT and OSTK$$$ comes ez when it's crypto related
I knew this eternal bull market was bullshit.
Bookmarking.
Nice find anon.
>every anon warns that DRYS is a terrible investment>ironic shills pretending like it's a good investment>pops up massively and holds its gains>might actually be a good investmentHow do I play its earnings what do
right looks like its hitting resistance but maybe promising
Nice digits.
Yeah, pretty spooky.
http://www.foxbusiness.com/features/2017/07/27/wall-street-needs-to-borrow-against-your-stock.html10% they say would be enough to start calling the loans in.
A market correction is easily that historically.
Investing in DRYSThe greek shipping memes are for trading only.
Add SRAX to this list
When do I sell jcp?Obviously the stock will go up more before black friday , but surely the largest spike will be somewhat before black friday?
I'd sell it before Black Friday, sure.
The run up is basically a sure thing, versus the outcome is questionable.
Maybe it's good, maybe it's bad, maybe it's not what expectations were...
Looks at chartsWhat resistance
44656174465692Any of these I should be jumping on now, or too late it's the last of the pump before the dump?
MRNS about to explode out of a textbook cup and handle pattern this week
All three are rockets as long as BTC is breaking new highs.
Rumors of OSTK buyout adding fuel to the flames.
SRAX will be experimenting with giving out crypto tokens as a dividend.
Yeah but looks like they all already mooned :o/
Friendly reminder to sell everything before Friday.They are going to try to repeal Obamacare in the Tax Bill.
Shit will hit the fan after it fails.
Friendly reminder the market will be closed Thursday and have short hours Friday.
>tfw your 2 free Zynga shares are doing better than the Intel you bought
I can't tell you how to grow balls anon.
If you think the bubble is over for crypto then stay away.
Me?
I think there's plenty of room to run.
God bless you AMRS shiller III Up 3k this week cause of you.Everyone, if you're not in yet it's at another resistance point jump in and reach the sky
Kek, this is like the guy who bought 30k shares of LOAD to prove he wasn't a pussy.
Friendly reminder you should kill yourself
holy shit today sucks, only good thing is AMRS Time to get out of the house and pick up some grow equipment from hydro store
Just use youtube-dl and it's downloaded as an .mp4

XXII moon
Don't hold through earnings.
Drys is for short term riding a wave.
People have been utterly destroyed by the splits on that company.
holy shit today sucks,Plenty of good plays lad.
Don't know what market you're looking at
that doesn't sound very friendly at all anon
I like you guys, my portfolio likes this board
thanks to anon who suggested AMRS last week, hope it keeps up!
MDCA has been good the last few weeks, constant gains
I have a lot invested in crypto.
I don't think it's over, I just don't understand why Overstock is mooning?
And a bit worried it might crumble down...
Plenty of good plays lad.
Don't know what market you're looking attell me a good play then
Good time to buy in?
th-thanks
INPX
I bought some more last week, it's been on the uptrend.
Price target of $13-15
Could it be???
AMRS
OSTK is mooning because they own tZero and they are bringing out an ico at the end of the month.
$150-$500 million is expected to be brought in.
Why 13-15?
What coin do you use to buy stocks?
Already took my profits
you gotta trade with the currency that is still being accepted around the world that people actually know about.
The one up your asshole.
Go look for it.
Some weirdo coin that you can't even mine forcalled dalar or something
profitsI'm envious.
Got a long way to go before I'm out of the red.
xxii pls
reported
What should I be buying before the holiday shopping season, lads?
xxii
Bought 4 shares for the memes.
Gents bullshit aside.Look at this pressure on amrs.The volume is there.Get in now.When thia breaks 3.75 it's gonna fly.
Hits $3.75>PlummetsWhat did he mean by this?
Mind explaining this to a newfag?
I said once it breaks 3.75And it will at some point today.
This is an even better oppertunity to buy with this dip.
you're gonna make it
44660164466589You're welcome lads.and yes the hype and pressure are very much there.
Heavy buying value and still huge short percentage.This can go lunar vertical today with some luck.
heavy buying volume* sorry.its rebounding already from its dip.
4466671I'm strapped in for takeoff lads.
How long we holding?
What are you gonna spend your moon money on, lads?
I'm thinking about getting a jetpack
Im yoloing for at least tommorow.
I will be holding for years actually.40 billion projected market by 2020.
>TRXC
EKSOif you havent gotten out by now its your own fault.
The meme ended two weeks ago.
I bought in at 2.69 because I hate money and like memes
didnt mean to gt
Those are going to be some heavy bags
Are you me?
OPHC is mooning today
did you miss the last 20 threads where people have gone deep into discussion about the fundamentals of AMRS?read lad.
Any reason?
Looks like a pump and dump, if you look at the yearly chart.
WHO THE FUCK DUMPED AMRS.SCARED ME.
Can people fuck off with shilling shkreli here?
He's trash, only has like an 11% return this yearPeople only follow him because "muh edgy pharmabro autist"
Fuck off david.
Im getting on a plane see you faggots next week.
No, but you've missed the last couple of years.
I've seen this movie before:https://archived.moe/biz/thread/1657417BTW, anyone who bought in then and held would still be sitting at a loss right now
we've already gone over this.They were 100% right 2 years ago.
the company was going to survive due to turning their ship around, in the face of millions being bet on them going bankrupt.The SP may be slow to respond but fundamentals are all that matters on a long enough time line.like I said, read more
No, they weren't.
It shit the bed and then they did a reverse split.
Look at the charts.
ARMShiller et al.
said the same things being parroted now.https://archived.moe/biz/thread/1556976Again, if you took a long position back then,you'd be at a big loss right now.
AMAT real comfy today
"g-goys it's different this time I swear!
T-the f-fundamentals!"
his stuff isn't bad at all good entry level stuff for prospective analysts
dude.
do I have to spoon feed this to you.We know what happened to the stock price.Doesn't change the fact that the first 2 amrs shillers were absolutely correct about the turn around that the company made.SP obviously doesn't follow company performance perfectly.But inevitably they do, eventually.And by the way the first shiller made 100k in a year on AMRS.
4467184Doesn't matter anymore.
The fundamentals are looking much better now and the volume and hype is currently there.
This should fly today.
Whatever.
The writing is on the wall.
Despite this, if you or anyone else still thinks it's a good idea to go long on this turd, then you deserve to lose your money.
XXII bullish flag forming, prepare for liftoff
Should I get out of AMD?
They're doing nothing.Also, if Trump's tax plan gets tossed is everything gonna crash?
When are they voting on that or whatever?
Yeah, no.Ive been successfully investing for 8 years.Never have I been so bullish on a companies fundamentals.Their expenses are rapidly shrinking and their revenue sources are wildly growing.Their debt is being slashed.Their technology continues to make breakthroughs.they are making multiple multimillion dollar partnerships, this week alone.They are going to corner a 40 billion market.The SP has been crushed for years, this is on clearance sale.
I heard the vote was going to happen sometime after Thanksgiving, but the senate does whatever the fk they want so there isn't an exact time set for the vote.
What do you forecast AMRS price to be a yr from now?
I am all about set it and forget it.
Read about it, and it seems promising, love their idea that they dumping their jet fuel business, and focusing more on their sweetener and cosmetic business.
Their jet fuel business almost bankrupt them.
New management wants to turn that shit around.
YesYesLast I heard after Thanksgiving.
I sold my stack at 2.30, its above Bollinger bands on 1h and bearish rsi/macd divergence on 5m.
Gonna buy back in when its cheaper
So far my meme buys shares of XXII at 2.31 / Todays return: -0.06 shares of AMRS at 3.68 / Todays return: +0.116Wew lads the memes are working for me today.
I'd hold on to AMD.
Look at the 1 year chart.
Be patient.
> if Trump's tax plan gets tossed is everything gonna crash?
When are they voting on that or whatever?Yes.
The tax plan is already priced in too, so it'll be a big drop probably.
4467411So are you guys selling everything on Friday and waiting for it to bottom out or just certain stocks or what's your game plan?
They already successfully transitioned.the SP?
difficult to say.
Could be 12.
Could be a lot more.If I were to guess, ill say 15.
And if you hold another year, could be a fuck ton higher.I believe there's going to be some big short squeezes.I believe bigger financial institutions are going to invest once AMRS announce they eliminated their debt.And once they have a few quarters of profitability lots of investors will jump in.This thing has been loading for 3 years, once it moves it will move fast.
My longs I'm going to hold, my memes and swings will all be gone.
It's already pumped, do not buy
Dumping my ETF's and bluechipsStill holding whatever memes I still have in play since they don't really follow the market.
Not even closed to its potential.
Dont buy now though yeah wait for 2.15
4467513Two opposite answers?
Seems so.
My ETFs and longs I don't want to pay income tax on and since I'll hold those a lot longer they'll just recover.I don't have a whole lot in the market though, I think it's going to get rekt soon.
holding that many positions with only 1knigger what are you doing
he's got all the hot memes m8
Just having fun anon.
(I have no idea wtf I'm doing).
But I'm up $200 since May, put in $500 initially so I can't have fucked up too bad.
...right?
bought at .92. get on my level scrubs
meme magic!
Replace AMRS with LODE and you have a post from 3 weeks ago in these threads.Don’t listen to these fucking fools, you will get burned.
Do your own research and avoid memes with “Extremely high upside potential!”
Yeah man could be way worse.
You're doing the right thing in my opinion getting your feet wet with a relatively small amount.
AMRS is stuttering lads.
N-now what?
hey for AMRS, i know you probably discussed about this before but i likely missed it, one thing I am concerned about is their gross margin seems bad still.What did they say on improving that?
from what i read, they want to do large scale to get some form of economy of scale.
is that the right understanding?
Their Q3 results had negative gross margin from my understanding.
Tell them how much you enjoy using their app.
Tell us what you did wrong
RIOTSRAXOSTKDamn these charts look good
Put money back into your account faggot
FNKO gonna be $10 next week.
That's not how it works, at least from my experience
sure hope so these bags are getting heavy
yes, basically their means of production is changing - different growth techniques that make what took 20 hours take 3 hours, higher production due to completion of different manufacturing plants, there is profit sharing partnerships that mean AMRS new partners will help with expenses and production..and the other side of the coin, right now theyre making X in revenue and theyre expecting to make 10*X sooner rather than later at full capacity and with their new customers.
You're all caught up!
Do you have any sources on this?
It shows relative loss vs gain regardless if your bankrollI was only up 50$ or so when I fully cashed out a few months ago and my all time showed 0$ but a net gain of 50$ with a percentage.He could have had 10k and it be a meager loss but make it look like a big loss with a withdrawal of his money
of course, but the truth is there's hundreds of small details that have to be laid out in layman's terms.Here is a start.read this dudes shit, hes a science and business guy who explains things well.https://stocktwits.com/FinalThought
Nicely diversified memes anon
I have no idea wtf I'm doingyea, no shit.
StockTwitsFull of retards who are always wrong.
I don’t trust a single person on that website, and no one is saying this is a buy anywhere I can see on any reputable site.This stock has been on a massive downward trend for the past year, this is not a dip.
This is a bad company
FYI the Senate tax bill is changing the way capital gains taxes are calculated.
The bill forces you to always sell the oldest stocks you own, so your cost basis will likely be lower, meaning higher taxes.
Expect higher capital gains taxes when the tax bill passes.
(Note: this change does not apply to mutual funds like Vanguard.
Individual investors BTFO.)
you are 1000% correct,It is fileld with absolute idiots.with the rare exception of this user.Want proof?actually read it.and way to miss the hours of discussion.stop assuming do minimum research.
I read some of his stuff, but man if can get credible source on what management says on how they are reducing gross profit margin that would be huge.
And i think last time, i mentioned about R&D...
I am more knowledge about IFRS, but can US GAAP allow capitalization of R&D?
If they can allow it, that shit would improve their equity by a lot.
Comedy gold here: https://stocktwits.com/symbol/RNVA
Its all there my friend, gotta keep reading.like I said keep going through that dudes posts, he bring up expenses and revenue frequently.
if you listen to retards on stocktwits you deserve everything you get
Anyone here gambling on Gamestop earnings?
They seem to always hit just about right on the estimated eps and just going by their chart, it looks like they're due to climb back up soon.
Earnings would probably be a good catalyst for that.
I would love some input though, since I'm not into vidya and don't know how they're doing.
CENX bagholder here, should I kill myself alone at home or do something showy in public?
refer to
go for it at this point i don't think they can get more justed there's more up than downside unless you see them going out of business.
then i wouldn't do it
Can you explain this?
How does it force you to always sell the oldest stock you own?
You mean if you hold a stock for more than a year it would cost you more than just paying income tax on it?
shares of XXII at 2.31 / Todays return: -0.18 shares of AMRS at 3.68 / Todays return: +0.0 shares of MDCA at 10.94 / Today's return: +0.175
If you haven't stepped inside a GameStop lately you should.
They have a whole wall dedicated to funko pop figures.
Buy FNKO.
Don't cry now, I gave you good picks this morning.
RIOT & SRAX
I don’t see any sources in his stuff, just screenshots, and he’s not even US.I think I’ll pass on this.
For sure, shame on me.
Same with Hot Topic stores.
They always have an entire wall floor to ceiling filled with Funko figures.Source: used to work there
They are all screen shots from AMRS ER presentations and news articles.But do what you feel is best.Im just trying to make people here money.
The goth clothing place sells action figures?
jump off their HQ building
Yeah Im just fucking with you guys.
I juat thought it was amusingI have to switch to a real broker because of Robinhood banning me from buying stock for 90 days for doing 5 days trades in 1 week.Not really a big deal because I've been meaning to do it for a while.
I hate not having shorting, OTC stocks and warrants
I have to switch to a real broker because of Robinhood banning me from buying stock for 90 days for doing 5 days trades in 1 week.kek
Lets say you bought a stock a $1.
Then it moons to $500.
Then you buy one more at $500.
Then it falls to $400.
Now you want to sell the stock and you want to avoid paying capital gains tax today.
Today, you can choose which share to sell.
So you can either sell the stock you bought at $1 and pay 20% on $499 of capital gains OR you can sell the stock you bought at $500 and realize negative $100 or capital losses and pay no taxes.
If you want to avoid paying capital gains today, you can sell the stock with a high cost basis.
Under the Senate bill, you HAVE to sell the stock you bought at $1.
You're forced to pay capital gains on it.
Why would they ban you for buying stock?
You’re just banned from day trading aren’t you?That isn’t Robinhood, that’s FINRA regulations with margin accounts.
You can turn off instant in robinhood and day trade all you want.It’s just daddy government telling you you’re not responsible with your money and you can’t handle day trades
I originally got flagged PDT but I was betting with a 3x bear ETF and got cold feet.
I would've had like a 20% loss instead of 5% if I held
Ah, thank you.
No I did another day trade after getting flagged PDT.
They allow you a fifth one but you get blocked from buying any stock at all for 90 days
If you have 25k in the account you can day trade though, right?
Yeah, but I only had 10k
They barely sell goth stuff anymore.
It's mostly just whatever pop culture shit is hip with the kids at the moment.
Malls are dying, is Hot Topic going with them?
SRAX doing shit if anyone is interested, either gonna tank or gonna moon.
Hot topic and GameStop should have died a couple yrs ago.
Neither are the preferred retailers for their target audience.
Funko and all the other crap merchandise they sell is what's keeping them afloat.
Chart looks identical to RIOT.
both are BTC plays and they are both mooning.
i put $5k in last week, i hope to break even lost $10k before.
appreciate your tip anon.
no problemand ill say one more thingDO NOT PANIC with big dips.
they happen.
AMRS is still going to get hit with short attacks.Just relax and hold.Most of my best longs involved me losing 30% before the run even started.
You're gonna get much more than just the tip
Looks like I bought XXII at the all time high.
Already lost 12 cents
Yes, yes.
The /biz/ is strong in this one.
12 centstime to kill yourself i guess
Pssst, if you feel like you missed the boat on RIOT, SRAX and OSTK take a look at MARA.
Patent company that bought a crypto mining company at the beginning of the month.
27th they are having a conference call detailing what they bought and what they expect to make.
$$$.
I'm from the EU, any identical trading platform that looks like robinhood?
fuck all thatget in the boat with DRYSpapa georgie takes care of his shareholders
AMRS is flat, but I've made 42 cents on MDCA!
So, overall memes are up today.
Isn't stock trading against Sharia law since it can be considered a form of gambling?
He takes care of his shareholders like Roy Moore with a bottle of viagra at a girl scouts sleepover camping trip.
Just hodl.
XXII and AMRS are two memes with legs.
that's retarded.
stocks are literally about funding owning and operating a businesses how could that possibly consider that gamblingoh right this is /biz/ where we bet everything on earnings calls and buy mineless mining companies
How long do I hodl?
Anyone thinking of playing ULTA earnings next week?
I feel like they should be good, lots of girls/women starting school and buying makeup and shit.
r-right?
Until you harbl
AMRS is gonna have a killer q4, listen to their er and DD a bit.
XXII is a bio meme that deals with weed.
This one you gotta be careful with but it has a huge upside.
Just set an exit based on your average and dont get weak hands.
Basically, if a penny stock makes it over 2 bucks and holds its a sign that things are good.
4468724What do you guys think of this?https://www.beveragedaily.com/Article/2017/11/20/Coca-Cola-seeks-to-revamp-beverage-portfolio-with-100-stevia-soda-launchWhat's their partnership with Pure Circle?
Seen it.
What type of partnership is this?
Seems pretty big.
another reason to be excited about AMRSthe major companies are getting into trouble with fake sugars and their negative health effects.Amrs just created a new natural sweetener just another one of those enormous deals that can happen at any time.
DD a bit?My XXII average is literally 2.31.
What do you mean by weak hands?Yeah I only have a small amount total on these memes but still trying to learn if you know what I mean.
I made a bunch on crypto but been selling some (taxes are going to be fucked this year).
I hate to bring crypto into this but regular stocks are such a clusterfuck and even in a bullish market can't make much yet I toss some money into crypto, go take a shit, come back and it's up 2%.
I'm trying to find stuff with less risk, but is there really less risk with buying into stocks that are this expensive?
Honestly, I don't know, but that's what I keep finding.
Yahoo, E*Trade, Zacks rated it as a strong buy due to it's performance over the last few months, it's up 116% for YTD
regular stocks are such a clusterfuck and even in a bullish market can't make much yet I toss some money into crypto, go take a shit, come back and it's up 2%.nah you just suck tbqhit's so easy to make money in this raging bull market right now.
you don't even need pennies to get a good return.
almost every decent cvompany is up like 30%+ this year and most tech companies are like 50% plusyou need to get better at picks/trading.
its not like crypto where you can throw money into whatever and a bunch of autistic neets rush in to pump the price
Thanks to the anon on that RIOT recommendation
Due diligence, and the meme about stocks being low risk is a meme.
Bluechips make 10-20% swings on regular.
We all own crypto here too.
It's just nice to have some stock speculation too.
you gotta stop thinking about stocks being expensive or not tooall that matters is the money you put in and the return you get.
getting 10% off a $1000 share of Amazon is exactly the same as getting 10% off $1000 worth of some penny stock
You’re welcome :)
 i mean wont amazon take a long time to hit that gain compared to a penny stock considering the penny stock does well?
I've only been trading stocks a month, so, got some growing pains.
I sold BABA and SHOP way too fast, for example.
I need more patience.
Almost seems like if I paid less attention to my stocks I'd have done better.
The opposite of crypto.Yeah, doesn't seem low risk to me at all.
The reason I say they are expensive is because we have to be in a bubble.
I mean I bought some Brazil ETF because they are (maybe) on the upswing of a recession now.
Everything is priced really low, there isn't a bubble to pop.
With American markets everything is very expensive, there is a long way down.Same could be said for crypto, but I feel like crypto still has all the normie money to take in rather than NEETbux and CRIMEbux.
Versus stocks has maybe too much normie money, probably over leveraged too.
Your welcome.
Take a look at SRAX and MARA also.
is it too late to get in on riot?
is buying now a dumb idea?
I called it before you FYI
I called it weeks ago fag.
Started accumulating right after they changed their name.
amazon is up almost 15% over the past month while xxii is down 12%it takes more for bigger stocks to move up, but it's much easier for penny stocks to fall down
SHOULD I BUY AMRS RIGHT NOW OR NOT
asking anonymous strangers on the internet to make financial decisions for you :^)
buy BAA ; )
Yea sure you did.
I bet you cured cancer too rite?
Yes.3.75 is a resistance line, and it will jump alot once it gets over that hurtle.But yes anything under 10$ is a steal for amrs.But you can't be an impatient idiot.
Well the other anon's said it's based on Bitcoin price and we all know that shit has no ceiling, just buy at the dip.
Got in at 9.15
XXII.......noice
I'm not a muslim
mineless mining companiesThere is literally nothing wrong with that.
I perfer it that way, see pic.
Fresh OC meme.
it's so easy to make money in this raging bull market right now.
you don't even need pennies to get a good return.
almost every decent cvompany is up like 30%+ this year and most tech companies are like 50% plusthisyou could have thrown a dart at a board of random index funds and made 20% this year.
Be sure to pay your jizya tax.
UK bois, turns out there is a UK version of RobinhoodIt's called FreetradeBe kind and use my ref link to sign up: http://freetrade.io?kid=JMVWBty anon x
david flew all the way to the uk just to get a referral link to give out

kek
I bought in RIOT last month at 9 and it dipped to 7.
So RIOT is not bitcoin.If you want bitcoin buy bitcoin, not meme volatile stock
people still go to stores to buy games?
End of day check in: shares of XXII at 2.31 / Todays return: +.08 shares of AMRS at 3.68 / Todays return: -0.20 shares of MDCA at 10.94 / Today's return: +0.55 shares of MARA at 1.54 / Today's return: -0.64
/biz/ is becoming the king of memes.
Fucking saved.
Do I buy into AMRS now?
I got pretty burnt by it a couple weeks ago and sold at a loss.
It looks like it might actually go up now though...
Don't do it.
Jesus.Yes To everyone.Just buy amrs it and hold.Easiest move in the game.This time don't get nervous and sell.
any idea of when to sell this meme?
I already did, waiting for reentry around $8.
im saving your post for reference in a few weeks :^)
It's literally at an all time high and has been growing for the past 4 days, when it usually only grows for 2 or 3 before falling.
I'm going to see if I can short it on my TD account.
It’s a meme.
Sell it when you’re up.
Don’t hold onto it for too long
Take profits, this is held onto blockchain.
If BTC "dips", this stock will plummet.
Weeks?
Nah mother fucker try half a year.This is grown up shit, not trying to lose every week attempting to day trade like everyone in this room trying to get rich in a month
4470244Got no day trades, I'll have to wait till tomorrow.
Don't have much in it.
Oh well lmaoooo
trading shitty speculative stocks in an attempt to get rich>grown up shitIt would be reflected in the stock price and they wouldn't be down almost 70% YTD if they were actually a good company with a decent plan,I guarantee you that shit will be down 10-20% within the next month.
>but muh ddBig money would've bought in if the fundamentals were solid.
They know more than you or me or anybody here.
Read the thread genius.Amrs shiller the third is right, no one can be bothered to look into anything.
Big money is beginning to buy in.do your research.
if you aren't in BGFV by now.. have fun always being a dumb poor nigger
Big money is beginning to buy in.>t.
literally every poster on every stock on stocktwits
big five sporting>goods
what motivates shillers?
are they agents of P&D groups spread out across multiple social media outlets?are they russian hackers looking to disrupt the american economy?
are they desperate bagholders trying to dump their bags?
do they want to form a community around the stock and have fun posting redwojacks with the dips and rises?
or are they altruistic types who truly have a good pick and want to share it with the world?
we may never know
And by the way the first shiller made 100k in a year on AMRS.Someone posting on /biz/ made that much money?
markets are closing lads, buy buy buy
well theyre all in the Xavier's chatroom now, but yeah guys like Amrsshiller, Pimple.. there was a good 5 or 6 names from here.no goofy.
Royal DSM made a big investment and over payed a shit load for convertible stock all costing more than current stock prices.these investments already started happening.
THiS
shilling shitty discord chatrooms here>>>/out/
So what's the word with DRYS, are we meme'ing or what
I didn't shill it, I said that's where they are.what is wrong with you emotional scared little children, have you been hurt too many times?I come on here giving people advice and giving them a great pick and I end up with a bunch of idiots arguing.Maybe this game isn't for you if you're too stressed lads.
Bought BABA
How long are we holding AMRS?
shares of AMRS at 3.64 / Today's return: +0.20 shares of OPHC at 7.40 / Today's return: +1.40D-did I do good on my first day, /biz/?
you did well but I'm afraid you'll soon get YEKIK'T
daddy georgie loves his shareholders very much and would never do anything to harm them.
your money is save with mr. economou
Buy tomorrow then?
How long are holding the meme?
Im not the expert, but if they're revenue follows their plans, it can be 12 by next fall, 20 a year after, 30 a year after.Difficult to say, but I'm holding literally years.
Hi Matthew
YEKIK'Twhat is this
His name is Robert Paulson, faggot.
drys has a really shitty history but has been unrionically outperforming the market for the past 5 months
So a few days?
lol I got raped on TOPS last week, stupid thing dropped 10% when I bought.
yeshiva kike'd ;)(it's in your ID anon)
it's up 300% since julyim not holding any though because im not chad enough but you can't deny that shit is crazy
DRYS is actually a better buy than AMD this yearTruly a bizarre year for stocks.
but think of how much money you make when it eventually recovers back to 1.5 MM per share.
these low float stocks puzzle the shit out of me too, it's literally gambling at that point
what's Xavier's chatroom?
4470829Hmm, what about the short term holders?
>riot is still going upI'm glad I didn't short that shit.
It's going to be one hell of a ride down tomorrow, though.
well theyre all in the Xavier's chatroom nowWhy are you people so desperate to come leech users off of here if your shitty discord is so great?
Not sure.
We're probably fucked.t.
AMRS meme holder
N I B B A I told you 
I made all bad meme moves today.
Will report back tomorrow.
the 4chan stock trading/investing/crypto room.people post links here all the time.
I haven't been in for a while but they have some talented traders and good programmers and bots.
really nice guys.
It is not the "4chan stock trading room".
It is the "Some random faggot shilling his bags to newbies room" and they constantly come to this thread to fish for fresh meat.
just read the ARMS balance sheet and wew I am not buying that shit>$100,000,000 in long term debt alone>one year until they run out of cash
4471172Here's a link https://discord.gg/rz3vS5I don't know what this guy is bitching about, there's hundreds of users, they helped me out and were cool.
Some guys are legit pros.
>tfw i probably outperformed 99% of /rgt/ by just sitting on 100% cash and not doing anything with it
What's a good stop loss for AMRS right now?
I have more in there than I usually put in a high volatility meme and I'm a little nervous.
holy shit.how many times does the state of the company have to be explained in here.Read more.I feel like i'm spoon feeding apple sauce to babies
Go back and stay back
Honestly, would not put a stop loss.the shorts have been fishing for stops lately.You're not day trading.
Just relax and believe.I have 26k in it at the moment.I don't care if that turns into 13k before it starts going up.That's the essence of being a good investor.
Didn't someone tell you that you're only supposed to buy a few shares of meme stocks for the laffs, not enough to matter?
Problem with stop losses on this shit is you'll get fucked when some algo comes along and manipulates causing a millisecond drop really low
I have 26k in it at the moment.
Damn, bro.
You've got some big brass ones eh?
How long are you expecting to hold?
Holy fuck FINITE quit shilling your shitty terrible $AMRS.
It will never be good.
It will never be a halfway decent company.
The only thing more pathetic is charles is still holding that POS.
For the love of god.There's only one good company and you know exactly what that is.
4471353ive been doing this for years, I like this one a lot.as someone said above, its tough to tell because it should continue to quickly grow for years and years.Read about the future of synthetic biology and the market its going to demand.
I wish.
he was amrs shiller 1.he's the one who made 100k only trading AMRS
I guarantee they are going to dilute their stock to raise money.
You could be holding the next DRYS.
Is that literal autistic man pimple still roleplaying?
Xavierjoined, not sure if i'll be active in there though.
lots of different chat groups there.
thank you new friend.why didn't I think of that.look deeper man.and look at the deals made this week.
Pimple is probably the best trader I've ever seen.And he's a nice dude.
Lots of people pretend to be him online though.The heroin addict Votd and his band or rejects made a chatroom where they pretend to be people from Xavier's school, shit is hillariously pathetic.