ITS HAPPENING
That's nice and all, OP.
The market for Link is pretty efficient though :(
Anon explain what it is and where you find it please
That was just a presentation slide you dolt.
They said 500 times that it was just an example not an actual transaction.
I like how you posted this shit 12 hours after reddit gets it.
Efficient Market hypothesis is a literal pseudo-intellectual scam.
It's basically solipsism and completely unprovable.
People who believe in EMH basically reason like this:>how can the market be efficient if a new development gets released in the news therefore increasing the value of the product>ah but the market is always efficient given ALL the variables, the reality is the news wasn't really effecting the price until everyone knew it at which point the markets value adjustedThe argument basically boils down to: is causality real, can you really know something before everyone else because if you know the thing before everyone else is it really true?
That's why EFM cucks always argue that even if you insider trade, you don't know that the information you're dealing with is real until the market reflects it, i.e.
there's always a risk involved.
No shit there's always a risk, and there's also always a risk of me having an anuerysm as I type this damn sentence.
God I hate EMH cucks so much.
Link is special, anon.
Sssshhhh.
Cool JSON parser broWhere do I get the code?
SWIFTLY LOSING MONEY FUCKYEAH.JPG
Look I'm not saying LINK is special, I'm saying if you think the EMH applies to LINK you're a moron.
LINK is working on a project, long term that project might work or it might fail, even if you were to claim the EMH is correct it means it reflects the current likelihood LINK will succeed, which is low.But saying that because of the EMH any and all news about LINK is irrelevant, that's basically like saying is AstraZeneca cured cancer next year it's share price wouldn't change because 'muh efficient market' should have that variable priced in.
This also does not factor in the generally exponential rate at which all crypto and crypto awareness is growing.LINK will probably fail, I'm not denying that, it's simple probabilities, but your (((efficient market))) is just a meaningless philosophical phrase at this point, like (((determinism))).
Don't take me, or crypto (especially fucking crypto) too seriously, dude.
I'm here for the banter and pics of Asian girls.
My apologies then, but even if you were acting in good fun, I hope my rant helps dispell some common misconception if any newbies happen to read it.
Your heart is in the right place, anon.
Have an Asian girl