What the fuck why is this dying?
Should I drop it?
Maybe the Piece of Shit Wallet meme is real.
HODL XDPOSW IS THE FUTURENORMIES NEED TO STAKE
Literally one of the worst coins out there.It's also one of the original /biz/ scamcoins, right up there with XBY, KIDS, DGB, Bitbean, SIA and the like.
Literally one of the worst coins out thereElaborate
or should you stock it up?
If it hits 1200sats I'm selling.
For a coin with so many apparent updates coming up, it's doing dogshite.
Same as stratis , good teck and unique use in the near future but fucking moonboys doesnt have the guts to hold.you should sold btc at cents.
I've been holding for fucking months.
Just look at the chart, it stagnated after the huge "MOON" that happened for no reason.
People were hyped by the staking, literally free money dude!The updates are a lie, the dev team is unknown, lots of questionable stuff happened during the original moon before summer this year.
Sell it all off.
Retards like  were saying the same exact stuff about DGB.
Look at where DGB is now.
It's gonna "moon" up to 500 sats or something and suckers are going to buy it up thinking it's actually going somewhere when there's still bagholders from 3k sats.
digibyte and bitbean went over 100x if you got in early enoughjust because its a scam, doesn't mean you cant benefit greatly from itbut yeah posw is dead for sure, dumb idea, dumb team and dumb logo
That moon was after a roadmap was released.I'm going to hold it until Christmas, since that's when things are supposed to move.
If they don't it's a scam and I'll make sure everyone knows it.
The roadmap had nothing backing it and the retarded "help African children" part should have clued anybody in to its legitimacy.
Could be worth it to hold if news does come, since there's no problem with capitalizing, but sell off the moment you make some cash.
Good luck.This guy gets it.
Most small cryptos are scams, but we're all here to make money, right?
The dev team is unknown>I'm going to hold it until Christmas, since that's when things are supposed to move.
If they don't it's a scam and I'll make sure everyone knows it.People like you are poisonous to the crypto community.
Sell now and never look back.Biz has gotten really sad and has thrown all crypto investment principles the window.
Posw has so much shit coming, the team gives updates all the time, they talk directly on slack, and are way more professional than half of the top 100 on cmc.
This is why I stopped posting on biz.
The biz community has gotten so toxic.
Anything that doesnt happen on time, or that moons and then crashes is an automatic "scam".
Complaining about holding for months.
Bro that's how we did it back in the day.
BAKA
I made 15% profit and got the fuck out lmao
xby m8 u w0t
People like you are poisonous to the crypto community.
Sell now and never look back.>Posw has so much shit comingI'm poisonous for being pissed off that this coin has been in a downtrend for the past 2 months?
Again with the "the updates are coming!"
but no actual movement of the coin.
That roadmap was done away with a long time ago.
This is practically a new team and this time they are going to do it right.
But according to biz logic, every business has only 1 chance to get something right, and once they fail thats it, its over, its a done deal.
So don't invest in posw.
Dump it all.
Dump dump dump.
Don't invest, ignore their whitepaper, ignore the fact that the testnet will be ready in a few weeks, ignore it all and listen to biz fudders, because that's what all what biz is good at nowadays: Fudding all projects that dont meet up to their standards.
Yes, you are.
Don't you get it buddy?
Havent you been in the Slack?
Don't you know whats coming down in the pike?
The coin and project has been in development.
IN DEVELOPMENT.
Do you know what that means?
You signed up in stealth mode.
It's literally the best time to get in.
I must have tried a dozen slack invites, all of which don't work.
Every time peaking my suspicion.
crypto investment principlesLike buying high and selling low?Nice to see the team finally showing their faces though.
never even heard of it
I dont have the Slack invite on me right now, its an issue with Slack itself.
They have to do it manually, they are working on it.
But we also have Telegram and Discord.Devs are very active on Telegram, not sure about Discordgo to POSW.io and go to "community" there will be the links to Telegram and Discordhttps://posw.io/
If you are holding posw and complaining, neck yourself.
Price does not matter right now.
Anyone who has been following the project knows that the new team is the real deal and what they have coming is groundbreaking.
There are a fuck ton of whales like me holding posw and we are comfy as fuck because this team is fantastic and will deliver.
If you're complaining about bag holding for months neck yourselfOh fuck off you absolute airhead.
More of this "teh teem iz gud it will be HOOGE!!!"
- Yeah that's all well and good but the fact is the coins price is going 180 degrees the other way for no apparent reason.
It's market wide dumb dumb.
This is happening, or will happen to the majority of Alt coins out there.
It's not going to stop until btc finishes its big bull run.
Yawn.
Stop whining and learn to hodl.
Funny because most coins are green and I've more than likely been holding longer than you.
Funny because you're full of shit.
It's called btc dominance.
Right now most coins are green, sure.
Like what was said, if you don't have the stomach for it then dump.
We don't really care.
It's market wide dumb dumb>Right now most coins are green, sureIf this shit doesn't reach 10Ksats by New Years you're gay