I need advice.
Im 20, in college.
Im self employed but by some pretty horrible decisions I now am 13k in debt (mostly high interest credit cards).
Plus 12K I still owe on my car and about 7K in student loans.
Im honestly freaking the fuck out because my interest rates have caught up with me and now I don't have enough capital to make enough profit per month to pay any of my bills.
I fucked up, I feel like a MAJOR league fucking loser and feel backed up to a corner.
I know you people don't give a fuck, but i need advice on what I could do.
I could get a job but anyone who has ever been self employed before knows how hard the employer fucks you.What do I do /biz/.
Help a retard out today with some advice.
BUY CHAINLINK
Do you need a car for your business?
Sell it and pay off the loan with the highest interest rate.
Of you need a car still sell it and buy a shitbox.
i aint got no money
get a job
I am in same situation as you OP lol.
I'm actually about to fall out of school and work as wageslaveGodspeed anon
Also churn your CC debt onto a 0% balance transfer card for 12 months and as soon as you get the card cut it in half.
lmao fun story, right when i ran out of money my brake pads also ran out on my car so i went the cheap route and replaced them myself.
when i took the bolts off the wheel i found that the mechanic who previously did my brakes stripped some of the screws making it impossible to get back on.
ive been driving with like 3 bolts on each wheel because of this.
to get the part w/o stripped screws is about 150 per wheel.
idk if i could sell it like that.yo im fucked b
If it makes you feel any better, I missed a final this morning in a class that I had straight A's inEssentially guaranteeing that I fail the entire course after a semester's worth of workCucked myself
god is dead, or maybe he just fucking hates me
im sorry friend :( im scraping by my math class with a D and have a final thursday.
talk with your teacher, he/she will probably help you out.
sorry to hear that dude
it's 17 cents.
you right but im just so used to investing and retail manufacturing that working for someone who i know is making an insane amount of money from my labor fucking KILLS me.
but overall you right
nigga i need to raise 30k just to be fucking broke
>owe 12k on carWhy the fuck would you buy such an expensive piece when you don’t have the money?
I really can’t comprehend this amount of stupidity>i need a carYou can buy a way cheaper piece of shit
OP should look at $NULS
i have somewhat of a new idea, i have a couple of connects in retail where i can sell products through their store and online.
mainly clothing (think mid teir brands pacsun, urban outfitters etc).
Its holiday season so sales could be very good through november and december and it could raise enough money to pull me out of this slump.
or i could just take a bullet to the face idk
wasnt broke when i bought it, was clearing 2.5-3k a month from 18-20 and now ive made some shit decisions so i have no money to pay for shit and no money to invest.but thanks i know its fucking stupid thats why im on 4chan shaming myself faggot
I get the sentiment (I share your perspective), but you need to bite the bullet for some yearsYou fucked up majorly taking high interest loans, so now you're going to have to work harder to compensate.
Good news is that the amount of money you are talking about is neglible if your horizon is long enough.
If you want to be self employed/have freedom I can recommend programming - it saved my life.I only had my high shool diploma until 21; now at 24 I work from home 90% of the time while working on side projects (which I can do for free now that I'm a programmer)
i think you might be right.
i am good with illustrator and photoshop but i dont really know the outlets for those as far as freelancing goes.
perhaps i could repair some debts like that.
if i were to dabble in programming where would you recommend i start?
you probably know best about that.
forget about that, invest in crypto.
bruh what the FUCK does that mean i need guidance.
i am a young padawan
fucking credit cards man, you should not be allowed to get them unless you are over 30 and earning at least 70k a year
 i am good with illustrator and photoshop but i dont really know the outlets for those as far as freelancing goesFreelance design sounds like a recipe for shit pay> if i were to dabble in programming where would you recommend i start?
Not sure - education is free in my country so I just enrolled at some average-tier programming course and did the exams while studying from home.
It was good in the sense that it gave me a very clear direction to go in, but the material itself any idiot could learn from home.
You could probably find a similar course for free online
agreed, but my fault for falling for em
thank you friend i will learn some things and it might help me a lot.
Similar situation as OP, only I'm in my 40s.
What did you learn to program?
Join the foreign legion.
Go to Africa and smuggle diamonds in your ass when you get out.
Obviously you can’t go back to the states, but you will be set.
OP join the military.
They will pay off your college debt.
You just have to give up 4-6 years of your life and a large portion of your soul.Source: I'm active duty.
Decent pay and benefits for a no skill no school fuckwad like me... but still not worth it unless you are desperate, but it sounds like you are, so good luck!
Try it here https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance
if you join the military OP, try to get an engineering education there