Join for leaked signals from Paid sources including Asian whales, palm beach confidential, bitcoin bravado and moreT.me/pumpnotifiergroupThe truth is I'm trying to get you to join if you have 50,000 or more and Bitcoin and you can be a part of this pump Channel because we have over $1000000 to pump with so far and we're looking for more day traders that can increase the volume of the coin that we pump.
No poor people please come introduce yourself when you join if you're poor don't say anything you're going to get kicked
wow, sir, many pump for riches with this!now sir, i have posted positive, pls pay me as promised in group, needful for tonight, take care
Yeah that's the Providence group they're starting to kick members that are proven to just be there for the free signals and that don't have any real money but they're paid signals have paid off quite nicely as long as you actually do their pumps every week but the pumps make about ten thousand
no discord linkMan I aint installing telefag on my goy box 2000
"Yes sir... paid signals sir... big gains sir... no I don't poo in the street sir... yes sir"
It's not like that sirs, this group verifies by email .
We use toilets not street corners.
We hate telegram too but that doesn't stop us from making $97,000 last 6 weeks
Holy fuck we are becoming overlords.
We use toilets not street corners.the fact that you bring that up makes me feel you're concerned with self image and you don't let your money do the talking.
Yes dear sir bro come join us
Sir, I wud really like to join this grup sir.
I have 100,000 sir but in Rupee.
Will that be enough sir?Pls sir, I will also ask Rakesh, Sulav and Gupta to join your grup.
They also have around 250,000 Rupee sir.
Much money sir.
Thanking you.Pls sir, pls let us join your grup.
Thanking you.
Take care sir.
Something Something Something Ponzi Scheme?
A bunch of these paid signal places wouldn't let me join so I had to go under the radar and join without them knowing that it was me so I have all their signals everyday I will share them because fuck it I didn't want to let me join when I told him I wasn't going to give this signals out so now really going to release itIt's like fine you don't want to work with me that's fine I'll just take you over
I don't know how else to prove it to you I'll use the street if you would like me to sirs
MINISTER YOU, SATOSHI
make a discord
Pics or it didn't happen...
We are looking for like-minded individuals who get it.
Maybe you've been too busy to make friends in the industry, maybe you weren't accepted into the industry by people you wanted to be for some reason.
We are looking for people who know what the fuck is going on with pump groups, who want to be a part of them, and eventually we will take over everything regarding these channels because if they don't want to give their information then we're just going to take it over and control it ourselves so if you're with me come join in the fun if you're not with me then you're probably from another group and that's fine we will eventually be taking you over.I heard one of these paid groups did 96 Bitcoin since they started plus all that money that people are using to pump with it's sad that some of these people didn't want to work with me cuz they don't know what they have coming to them cuz I'm taking over fuck proper grammar