Its not the reason that Im 99% down on my initial investment.
No thats not the worst of thisThe worst part, is know that MOE anime will never be real, no matter what\and THAT is why Im killing myself toght.
Goodnight boys.
Already took the 20mg xanax and the gun is loaded
peace out bro see ya on the other side
RIP broCan you give me any bitcoins or eth you have still left?
>MOE anime will never be realOf course, it drawn by human beings, animators.
Its art.
Get this in your head please, there's voice actors that voice the characters, artists.
Also 99% down n your investment, you're a shitty trader...
May the next timeline be better to you anon
could you at least give me some BTC before you go bro
Don't kill yourself anon suicide is a sure fire way to go to hellmuscle through it.
it'll be worth it in the ned
haha you think i care of your opinion when im literally going to diejust face it.
Moeshit anime is perfection world, a world that can never be accessed.
after seeing your ideal world end before your eyes, there is no reason to keep living.
Its over
okay weak boy, I mean this is some of the anime I've watched, this isn't even half of it.
You think I'm going to kill myself over that?
Moe anime is all happy candy where nothing bad happens and its just not realistic.
You live to have fun, you're watching anime to have fun and be happy.
I play visual novels all that anime stuff all day while trading and being a NEET.
Stop being delusional and start investing correctly, fix your shit up.
I've turn 18 recently and I'm not in your state because I envy anime life.
forgot to attach picture
keke 18When I was 18 I was living the best years of my lifeIm 23 now, its over.
Job is lost, moiney is gone, theres nothing left to do but create a tulpa and hope she prevents me from pulling the triggere
Favorite anime?
Fruits Basket.
I cried like a bitch
how did you lose your job?
I told my faggot ass disrespectful coworker I was going to kick his ass after shift endedHe immediately complained to HR and I was fired on the spot.
Worth it.
I would have killed him though
move back to parents and work part time to invest into crypto and become rich.
Also I've only ever works 9-6 for 3 days, never again would I do that.
Just make money and reinvest into crypto and make bank as fast as you can.
I plan to get rich off 1 year into crypto, if you do it too then you'll have so much time to watch your MOE anime and forget about responsibilities.
I dont want to watch anime anymore.
Fruit basket literally destroyed m soul after I finished the manga.
I cant imagine this shit world doing anything but getting worse and worse.
I have great friends and realtionshsips, it doesnt matter, this real world isnt worth it.
I only find happiness in dreams and those last mere minutes
also i have about 0.5 bitcoin left.
it doesnt matter.
It will never make Tohru honda real
How much did you have before?
I turned my 0.3 to 0.62 in a matter of weeks.
I turned 2 bitcoin into 4 bitcoin and now I have less than 0.5 bitcoinnote that maybe 30% was cashed out over time to buy drugs
4532509why kill yourself when you can do something cool before you die, like go to mexico and fight the cartel or some shit.
If you want to die, do something crazy that will make people go "woah, maybe he wasn't a total pussy after all".
https://totalfratmove.com/guy-goes-to-mexico-to-kill-himself-spends-week-doing-coke-and-banging-hookers-decides-to-keep-living/
Because you never give away your true plan.
thats how you get agents on you
Oh I've been on this bus anons, if everything is lost try to go with a bang, if you come back you'll be aight.
do everyone a favor and kill yourself
take a heroic dose of DMT instead.
Im 23 now, its overis this a fucking joke?
you're a child.
you have a quantum computer for a brain you have one of the most power instruments on the planet, step back for a while regroup read the bible and come back stronger.
not a terrible idea.
make sure you have a friend nearby who will stay sober to watch over you though.
make sure you have plenty of pen and paper nearby too.
I really wish I had some pens and paper for my first time.
things you could do:1.take up a loan, bet it all on red2.run away, become sergej from bangkok3.subvert hippies in a Kibbutz and fuck hairy jewish chicks4.become ambassador for toilettes in the indian part of town4.5 become that weird white black pather5.anything you fucking want because obviously you have nothing to lose anymore and think dying is a viable solution to your boredom.
Fucking normie.
You think every problem can be solved by "muh travel"you dont even know my desires and how unreachable they are.
You donmt even know how Ive experienced all I wanted to already and now there is nothing left
kys already, ungrateful fuck.
what a whiny faggot you are.
Listen my friend, many traders have lost mode then you can have come back to be millionaires, its takes hard work to study and research and become a stronger an better person toucan do it too
typical normie, goes from sympathetic to sociopatheic in an instant, simply because you realize your gay words have no effect on me.
How funnyI dont give a shit about money.
Anime will never be real,m so what the fuck is point?
theres nothing in this shit kike loving world that can compare
your gay words have no effect on me.then why are you not dead yet?
she will never come back.
you are a loser.
your father was right to hit you.
whatever applies.
it's all your fault.
never had father>hate all women because they can never compare to Tohru Hondawhats your point normie?
Trying to hurt my feelings?
never had fatherfigures.
bet you're a virgin too.
Shut the fuck up
Yep never seen a vagina not even pictures
you have reminded me that we must fall to the end to realize what we have and what we can be
so why not try that?
you still have 1% left.
maybe you're missing out.
either way, it's better than whining on the internet.
really paints a picture.get a rope.
If you think that pansy ass shit is a reason to live you clearly have never lifted a fucken bar with a combined weight of over 60kgs.
I swear Americans find any reason to give up blame the world for their own insecurities.
yeah na same age as me and you're giving up already lol, I got excited when I made it 0.1 of a bitcoin and then alts died back to 0.045.
I'm sure if you pick up some heavy things and put them down again you're momentary trans related issues will be solved.
Cya, ttyl :)https://youtu.be/1Sj3UuF35XA
Sex means nothing to me.
Fucking normies man.
I care about non-childish thingsI was fine ith oife until i got into MOE anime.sorry the xanaxs and vodka are kicking in
https://youtu.be/-qgXYvjVNvk
I care about non-childish thingsthen why you trying to kys because you lost some WORTHLESS CHILDISH MONEY trading shitcoins?youre a fucking idiot bro you arent even going to do it your head is so far up your fucking ass you come here like the attention whore you are instead
*the reason isn’t that
Sex means nothing to me.how would you even know?
your crying about fucking anime is compensation you fat fuck.
it's blatantly obvious.
also 'I care about non-childish things' my ass.
get your shit together and listen to that fit-anon.
you're failing as a man - and probably also as woman.
Its not about the money, its that anime will never be real.
I thought I made this clearIf you have ever watched an anime or read a manga that you felt really attached to, and it ends, well I suppose you would know what Im talking about
https://youtu.be/-2FGCj5kWIo
lol you finished yet normie?
gonna keep making assumptions?
You are a shame for 75K years of evolution, pls KYS and your children if you had the random chance to breed.
that you felt really attached to, and it ends, well I suppose you would know what Im talking aboutI do.
But if its enough to drive you to this then seriously dude go see a doctor this is not healthy and if you werent in this state youd know it as well.
why not stay awhile until simulations become real and you can download your brain into the anime world and live there forever
I know.
Its a shame in terms of looks Im a hot piece of ass, my mental problems are too extremeI already do, it helped for awhile but after finishing he fruits basket manga I truly see no point to living.
I mean I have a politically motivated plan but Im not talking about it
Then be truly creative and write your own fanfic.
anime will never be realVR and holographic technology has just this decade exited the theoretical and entered the mainstream.
you think those nips won't have a completely realistic alternate anime reality in virtual reality constructed by the end of the 2020s?>killing yourself just before your dream becomes a reality, dooming yourself to never experience it
I hate writing.
its just overmaybve this xanax thing will work.
5 mg of xanax a day and everything wil; pass until thigngs get better, right?contrary to popular belief, virtuqal reality anime will never compare to a true 2d girl with personality.
Its futile.
Thuis is the final blackpill, literally keeps me up at night
post pics of the gun with timestamp, you larping faggot.
ok im larping.
my grandfparents hid the gun from me because they think im going to do a mass shooting.
I tried hard to look for it today but they hid all the rifles shots guns and the pistol
OP there is still pic related
lost your jobA job is literally nothing, a job is not even a particle compared to the value of a human life.
like go to mexico and fight the cartel or some shitThat's like the worst idea ever.
Those cartel muthafuckas are brutal as fuck
Go sit under a nice big tree for a while and see if that changes your mind.
I'm sure there's a bridge or high-rise building near you.Do one good thing in your life for one, and do it.