You know what worries me?
the fact that BTC and Alts are mooning together and they can not do that at the same time.Something is about to give in...
For real.
This is a fucking nightmare to figure out.
they can and have multiple times the pastYou know what worries me?
cryptonoobs like you, because you trade on emotion and will lose money.
....?
Why would that worry you?
You care whether OP loses money?
What a sweetheart!
i noticed this earlier, quite confused.
But the bullrun in august after that fork was kinda the samething.
Asians are way hotter when they're brown
we are a small community we should support each other & be nice to each other.
am i right?
Jeebus.
Sauce?
What the fuck.
They are SUPPOSED to moon together.
It did not because people were accumulating BTC for the stupid fork.
Otherwise, BTC as a currency will spur alts to rise when it rises, much like oil price increases as USD increases
Let me spell it out for you dipshit>S2X dies>Significant uncertainty and tail risk is removed for long term investors>Long term investors pile in to BTC with new fiat>Short term trader monkeys that were in BTC for "much fork coinz" swap out to alts (just as they would have post fork)>Net price action for BTC is roughly a wash>Alts go up>Total crypto market cap goes up
if our economy becomes built on emotional, weak handed faggots, it will collapse in the blink of an eye.
the fact that BTC and Alts are mooning together and they can not do that at the same time.Why not?
People are willing to buy btc for fiat, and people are willing to buy alts with btc, there is not direct alt-fiat connection
wow found the high IQlemme guess you've got at least 50k Link
k LINK, 40k ASTROPretty comfy, senpai
hes right tho
sabyr omensky.
have fun
4258300thats a man
4258649
for real?
Wow that's like $36k worth of ASTRO, or something like that.
At least last I checked the price was $.90, hopefully it hasn't dumped since I have a few
The trading on ED has held pretty close to $1.00 -- though I think it's of little consequence at this point.
I think the picture will be a lot more interesting once they're on some real exchanges and have a couple dividends under their belt.
Bitcoin is the Apple of crypto.
It's not even really the best technically but gets all the hype for first mover credit, and while normies rave about it and it gets national news when it updates, it's actually still just 15% of the mobile market.
You see a pussy or a dick here?
these are tight post more of this egyptian shit
BTC 15% of the market ever, kek.
BTC is like apple and samsung rolled into one, then you have some memes like Blackberry and Motorola.