Wait a second... both bitcoin AND bitcoin cash are dropping simultaneously... this isnt supposed to happen... no no no no please mommy no.... one was supposed to surpass the other they cant both die!
mommy pleASE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
It was the plan all along.Let the real flippening happen : Skeleton is rising.
Buy ETH
I'm not a brainlet so I'm 50/50 in ETH and LTC.
BCH or BTC will die tonight
It's capital flight, what the fuck did you expect?
Do you really think institutional investors want to keep their money in BTC after witnessing the shitshow that just transpired?
Buy Dash.
It has large block size and consensus.
my green id nigga.
Same
Dash>DaeshWallstreet, normies and the media will love to throw their money at it.
This is exactly what I said would happen if the BCH cocksuckers kept fucking around.It undermines both coins by showing Mrs, Normie Jones that her husbands money isn't safe in cryptocurrency.
It's like that scorpion and the frog story.
Stupid shortsighted niggers pumping BCH to make a quick buck with no consideration of the future.
This shows how the whole concept of blockchain is doomed to fail because this is a world where people can't help but to act like hot headed coons.
It's almost as if this was bitcoins regularly scheduled correction and cash was just the scapegoat
About timeChinks and Shills like MC Cafee destroyed everything.
Oldfag will eat his dick in hell for eternity over and over.It is time to restart the whole gain trainRAISE SKELETONMAKE US RICHETH to 100k
If BTC wins BTC has no future anymore as ever being used as a decentralized currency.BTC niggers are the ones out to make a quick buck.
If you win, you lose
basically this is lose-lose for bitcoineither bitcoin legacy HAS to activate segwit->lightning and increase blocksize or face an ever increasing transaction backlog (brought about by the post-segwit fork changes) OR bitcoin cash becomes the real bitcoin as hash keeps using it.or, scenario three, they both crash to nothing because this has destroyed wall street and normie''s trust in anything bitcoin
BTC has no future anymore as ever being used as a decentralized currency.Everyone already knows that.
BTC will always be technologically inferior.
It's scarcity and status and "digital gold" are it's only value.
BCH doesn't offer any long term solutions to the problems plaguing bitcoin anyway.
Who thinks Monday will be pure red across the board?Remember - financial institutions are closed for trading on the weekend.
Everyone has heard about this blatant manipulation by now.
What's stopping banks and institutions from backing out knowing they aren't the ones pulling the strings?
The sad part is that normies will unironically find this a problem.
Yeah this might be the end, not even kidding.
Institutional investors will undoubtedly pull out after this.
...........so buy ETH you moronic fuck.
What's stopping banks and institutions from backing out knowing they aren't the ones pulling the strings?This is what 'm worrying about.
I'm short as hell on bitcoin right now due to it.
time to go into alts
4322976Nobody but State Department dumbfucks or foreigners use the term "Daesh" or "ISIL".
The rest of the world uses the term ISIS.
Literally nobody will associate Dash with ISIS/Daesh
Time for ETH to step up.
ETH + OMG and similar solutions will work better as currency for everyday payments.
Then bitcoin can stay as "code is law" limited supply deflationary store of value.
MOMMY NOMOMMY PLEASE TELL DADDY TO STOP IT MOMMY TELL HIM TO STOP PLEASE HE'S HURTING ME MOMMY MOMMY WHY
LTC is about to make BCH blush.
You on the wrong bitcoin nigga
Satoshi must have been Canadian
But it was...don't you get it?This way, people will jump ship from BCH when the blockchain mempool starts up again BTC will fucking skyrocket.