it's one of those "getting tired of daytrading" threads again.. shill me your favorite long term crypto investments!
link
Depends how much you have to invest and what kind of hands do you have
XRP, XLM, XMR, DASH.
ETH, it has been consolidating for far too long.Meanwhile the Ethereum ecosystem is thriving, see the recent picture of the data.
Ethereum processes more transactions than the rest combined.
Talk about network effect.Casper (Proof of Stake update) is rumored to be launched in the middle or end of next year.
As soon as the date is announced, the real run up will start, because everyone will suddenly realize they want to become a staker.
Also, when you are a staker, you will outrun the inflation and not only "store your value", but gain value.
So ETH is a better store of value than BTC/BCH if you play it right.Make no mistake, ETH will become #1 next year.
5x or even 10x is not a joke, unironically.Oh, and Ethereum has 50x cheaper transactions than BTC at the moment with all this traffic + multiple scaling solutions are planned.
XMR is my most secure bet because it's actually used to buy stuff
It's always funny how these threads are spammed by everything but the most obvious one.
the monero looks good.probably 250-300 by summer 2018 easily.
Yeah.
ETH is the crypto that WILL be a winner.
It's the one that's mandatory to have at least a little in your portfolio.
I've been hodling for a long time and I will continue to do so.
Planning to exit as needed above $1k and $2k ETH
can you eli5 the proof of stake update and why it will make mining redundant?
I'm about to just start putting a little of each paycheck into eth.
DCR.
Hybrid PoS & LN & active development It's better than Dash.
At least 100$ in the next 3 months.
Screen cap this.
WaBi.
Buy it the second it hits exchanges.
With Proof of Stake (PoS) you don't mine.
You lock up some amount of coins (stake) and this will give you a chance to fill the next block+get the block reward.
The more you lock up, the more likely you are to get the next block.
As with miners nowadays, the more powerful mining farm you have, the more likely you are to get the next block.Staker still has to have some computer with special program (node) up and running, but it will not demand much energy at all.
Or you can even join a staking pool, so you don't have to have a node running at all.See OP, normies are still trying to learn this stuff.
Imagine what happens, once the news hits sometime next year that Proof of Stake will be released in 2 months.
Everyone is suddenly interested.