please tell me everything will be alright i need happy thoughts right now
ITS OGRE
.187 nowSlowly but surelyHappy I did t sell earlier kek
whales are simply accumulating and are getting organized for the next pump, my dad works for Bithumb.
Palm beach pick today was BCH.
Im holding .
Even held through the pump
Just hold, it will be fine.
Don't panic sell.
Worst case scenario, play the long game.
sell that shit now, at list its not going to be a 100% losswho cares if its going to pump to 0.3, it has no future
Just hold.
I have missed out on massive gains in BCH many times this year by getting bored and going to coins I thought would be better.
BCH has always gone up and now there are real reasons for it to.
Fuck you, you probably posted smug “btc is dead shitcoin” posts over the weekend.
palm beach are scammers tho
it's in a blatantly obvious accumulation phase, I don't understand how anybody could be panicked right now unless they were a core shill false flagging
dummy you don't hodl though this massive pump.
you're retarded if you bought in above .1 and didn't sell yet.
actually you're retarded regardless
BTC will tumble as we know it within 2 weeks.
BTC will actually die this time.
shill promise flippening >all we got is a cuckening i keep hearing its "accumulation" but how do we knows its just not another dump set up by whales?>core shill flase flag ah yes, everyone who got fucking burned by this PND is now a core shill
4353555>spreading more FUDcoreblue shill confirmed.
10 satoshis have been deposited
that was fake
it has been the same price for 24 hours nowif it was crashing it would have done so already
so last night wasnt a pump and dump??
my dad works for Bithumb too and he said Satoshi is going to sell all his coins and buy B2X futures
lmfao, thats sooo Satoshi
This is correct.
Dumps don't sit around at the same price for days, they go to the ground.
It has extremely solid support at the $1200 level that was the ATH TWO DAYS AGO.
I know it seems like it was long ago but check the graph on 11/11 it was 1200 before the pump.
when you're dead money won't matter.