Palm Beach confidential picks BCH
Core has already lost this war.
BCH and money skelly are here to take its place.
Tig if brue
and rape your kids
ahaha not even PBC can pump this shitcoin
>thosands of koreans got cucked by jihan>bitcoin lost this war
It is they posted it 10-12 ish hours ago.
buying known P&DsNo wonder half this board is pink wojaks
THIS IS 100% FAKE!
No alerts are out and the newsletter is not out yet either.Teeka is adamantly against Bitcoin Cash.
Late on this call, it has already been pumped, you pay 3000 bucks for this?
This was never a PB call.
4353580this is true.
it came out 10 hours ago or so.
but up to $1400,
And now for yesterdays weather!
It is.
I actually am a subscriber of PB, this was posted this morning
Yup.
I see people still trying to save Core for some reason, but I have lost hope as well.
By Teeka TiwariYeah, right.
Try again pajeet faggot
you have good image editing skills, anon
This was not posted.
Teeka is very anti-bitcoin cash.
I will post one tooYou will be surprised how even Teeka was not able to pump this shitcoin
43540464353580here
THIS IS 100% FAKE!
You are not a subscriber.
43536984354103I'm really getting sick of these core-paid pajeet shills shitting up the board
Why did they not say buy at 300, you pay 3000 bucks for this pfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
want more printscreens?
because they are PnD specialists and they recognize one when they see one.
It is ridiculous.
Teeka is very anti-bitcoin cash.
He has addressed this specifically.
here is my scalping after the PBC release.
Its true.
Dude it's actually real lol..
It's not real.
I am a subscriber.
take a printscreen at http://palmbeachgroup.com/my-subscriptions/or gtfo
I have the email in my inbox so I can take how many screenshots as you want.
4354371NO YOU DON'T.
If you are a subscriber then tell me the last sell alert from Teeka.
XLM
4353337FAKE.
I subscribe to this.
Not cool guys.
4353739
4354342Done.
XMR sorry, it came one day later
they can't believe that BCH had a miserable pump with PBC.
ahah
Wait until tomorrow or wednesday by the latest for BCH.
what do u think its going to happen
Here I have a copy of it as well.
Can the core cucks fuck off already?
Well, seems more legit than BTCs supporters randomly screaming that BCH is s shitcoin
Here's page 2 on this bad boy.
lmao
LOL you pay 3000 bucks for this shit, should have said buy at 300 bucks you cucks, you sell high what idiots rotfl
doesn't PBC releases have QR codes?you shill faggots are so obviousyou do realize not even all of biz can pump this shitcoin, right?
.3+ bagholders btfo
QR codeswhaaaaat?I abhor bcrash but this is true.
PBC recommended this shitcoin
Palm Beach group even legit?
they made some very good calls in the past but now they seem to be doing PnD mostly.
look at fork.lolobserve the hashrate and look at the increasing unconfirmed transactions on BTC
sheer number of unconfirmed transactions dont matter as most of them are spam transactions with 0-5 sat/byte
Not a single one of their calls has been a 'Pump n Dump', only shills call it this when it conflicts with their interest.
Sure, they're manipulative scum, and they insider trade and their word has the EFFECT of pumping coins, but they don't spout misinformation - every coin they invest in will be 10x within 12 months (except Bitcoin now, which is why they're recommending BCH, so that their subscribers don't get upset).
Do they provide background of the founders and or portfolio managers?
4355011they have made some shitty calls: factom up to $50, lykke, ...But yes its usually not PnD, I am just feeling its going in that direction.
Not because of bcash but because of teeka academy for example.
They are clearly taking advantage of their fame and stepping up their rhetoric.
Its Teeka Tiwari and Tom Dyson?
Teeka Tiwari was banned from trading stocks before due to inside trading.
Factom is actually good, though.
Buying at this price is excellent.
Retraced nicely from it's ATH.
I wouldn't buy up to $50, but I'd buy below $25.
when you look at fiat values any coin is good :P
teeka can't PnD bcash