Why havent you bought POWR??
Comfy gains all around.
Ez day trading.
LITERAL ELECTRICITY.
Tons of potential.
Get in now before Liftoff.
I wish I had more money to buy more.0x42b95ab99F06e05782ba07bbE63CF535A787457FPOWR to the people
Dump whatever cash you have into POWR and you will be blessed with massive gains.
but this a real project that actually has plans to work.
I know this sounds like fud but in the real world large projects like this dont just happen over night Id make some money on some shorter term investments first and invest in this in like a year or two once we see some progress on it.
BECAUSE it's going to fucking DUMP hard on you pajeets.
Once the hype runs out on this coin it's gonna retrace %30-50.
Screen cap this assholes.
I don't give a fuck if elon and the whole country of AUSTRALIA adopt this coin.
No good news will move its price once hype is over.
I'll watch the slow bleed in a few weeks.
No begging
I am going back into POWR when off the NEO news tomorrow night - 30% POWR 70% ETH - If i sold this morning and went back into my original plan I would have been better off, but I'm waiting until Sunday night selling as soon as we peak (ATH) and rebuying if it's good news.
Q32018FIRST ASSET GERMINATION EVENTPower Ledger and Platform Application Hosts will begin conducting Asset Germination Events, where POWR token holders will receive priority to become coowners and beneficiaries of renewable assets.Enjoy being poor mate.
how does it make power?
You mind telling us what bags you are holding that are so much better??
It doesn't make power.
It's not a supplier.It works alongside existing power companies to distribute and trade power between individuals.If your suburb's power goes out you had to rely on the power company to get it working again.
Instead anyone in your suburb with some batteries can sell some power stored to you and you can have your power back immediately.
Is there a link to this and other information?
https://tge.powerledger.io/faq.phphttps://tge.powerledger.io/index.php#cd-timelinehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Vd36T44h-Uhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VZX4kUKteYJust look up anything with the dev team, they've been to quite a few press events and been on the news.
Jemma the co-founder has been passionate about this shit even in 2015.
Her on CNBChttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAkbmUlCCAQThe legitimacy of this coin speaks for itself.
It's not a shitcoin.
People not doing their own research will regret when this coin BOOMS 10X+ in 2018.
Thanks man!
Currently been selling and accumulating at the dips.
Very easy to read imo.
Lets hope for the best
is now a good time to sell if you bought at 3200?it feels like its going to tank a bit soon again
Fuck off you Aussie ass.
Take your electricity and shock your balls with it
Dude it's not about to tank.
Check out the Telegram.
Reaching ATH still.
can you access telegram without a phone number?
Try putting in a fake one.
Literally nothing in the chart implies this has any sort of imminent drop.
Trading behavior hasn't seemed artificial nor like a pnd.
Are you basing your fear off anything real or just feefees?
Because the Climate-cult are delusional, they live and operate in a world that is so far away from reality.
I stay away from anything which resemble the climate-cult, in this case POWR.
fear derived from a month of getting justed by shitcoins
This one's the real deal.
Get to the Telegram room.
4442566Fuckin larpers lmao>GET TO THE CHOPPA ANON.
GET TO IT
Should i sell /biz/?
This looks more like a long hold to me..
Sauce?
telegram takes a while to build from source on my shit computer, is there a webapp for it?neat, i wish i could of afforded more than 50 POWR/u/2471900
https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/airtree-speaker-series-developments-in-blockchain-tickets-38710469055>>Dr Jemma Green - Research Fellow at Curtin University and Chair and a Co-founder of PowerLedger.io, a leading full-stack energy blockchain technology company>>Asher Tan - Co-founder and CEO of CoinJar, Australia’s largest digital currency platform
I'm in Melbourne.
I could literally go to that event and have a chat with Dr Jemma Green.
Sounds like a good idea!
https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50ae
before liftoffare you kidding meit's mooning since ico.time for a dump m8
UNSTOPPABLE
WTF?
That's not at all what it is you fucken moron.
It's to enable people generating surplus solar energy from home systems to sell that surplus energy directly to other households.
Energy companies in Australia pay you back pennies on the dollar for your surplus generated energy, this would let you sell it at fair market price to other homes and businesses.
It would also allow consumers to purchase cheaper green energy.
Don't shill if you don't even know what the fuck it is.
It's not for blackouts, it's for powering your home in normal circumstances through the existing grid, so if your power goes out, it will still go out as it's the same grid.
Fuck I hope this doesn't become another 4chan Ark/Link where you dumb fucks shill it and don't even understand what it is resulting in the market moving away from it.
Please don't do that.
Yep.People don't understand there's simply no market for peer-to-peer solar trading.
The topic has been a hipster trend for the past 2 years, and they're riding the wave.Their FAQ is half pajeet half buzzwords, as many grammar mistakes as "disrupting the industry and accelerating our platform development through network effects".
No solid answer to any question.There is one (ONE) engineer listed in a team of 11!
Far from a genius either, just a Java codemonkey washout.
Made his bog-standard service startup, only started blockchain programming in 2016.This is going to crash harder than DGB.
It's now literally backed by the Australian Government.. it's hardly a shit coin or pump and dump scam.
If the grid goes out, you will still have power mate.
That's the point of batteries.
What?
Their team is 20+ to start with so you're talking total shit.
Go listen to some interviews with Dr Jemma Green, re-read the whitepaper and familiarize yourself with the Aussie energy industry.
It's fucking ripe for disruption and this is easily the best scenario proposed so far.
They've already conducted tests in Western Australia and New Zealand, so the system works.
They have partnered with the biggest energy company in the country and one of the biggest in NZ.
Most of the cunts in this thread don't even have their head around what Powr does.
Seriously you dumb fucks, go and read up on it, it's not that fucking hard.
And governments have never misallocated resources and endorsements.
You hold on to that thought, mate.
One local joint project will surely make up for all the fundamental problems with power ledger.
But you can't then sell that battery power to the guy up the road you fucking idiot.
If the power is out, how does the energy get from house A to house B?
Fuck me.
The premise of this project has absolutely nothing to do with blackouts or power outages at all.
Go and re-read the whitepaper you fucking gronk.
do i use this address on the right to send POWR?can someone send me 1 just to test?
0xA1Fef9D3c17197c04A0309bb400924D529ec1E86
sauce
Listing names as "dr" Jemma Green makes you look really desperate, pajeet.
This type of appeal to authority works on third-worlders and boomers, but you really ought to pivot if you want to trick the autists over here.
Google it yourself.
They were given an 8m dollar grant.
She's a doctor educated at Oxford with a masters in sustainability and a bachelor of commerce.
That doesn't count for anything?
Also, you just told me to pivot.
Are you serious?
Fucking dumb cunt.
seriously do i use the address on the right?fuck help a newbe no need to send shit
Calm down.
So you're saying I can't physically pull one of my batteries from my stack to give to my neighbor?
Because I did that last week for $$.In terms of the grid, think about this as if a hurricane was known to come and fuck up a country (florida).
People can sell them the POWR to hold on supply before it occurs.
You can't do this currently.
Yes.
It's an ERC20 token and you send to that address.
Buy Eth on coinbase, transfer it to Binance or Bittrex and buy Powr on there.
Send it to the address you just supplied.
Wouldn't it work with them buying extra POWR ahead of the storm hitting as well?
Filling up their batteries in preperation?Imagine the doomsday prophecies, they'll buy teslawalls to keep filled in their basements.
What?
No you didn't ya fucken lying cunt and if you think that requires a token, then you are even dumber than your comments lead me to believe.
You have zero understanding of this project.
Again, if a hurricane blacked out the grid, you cannot get power, even if you have a million Powr tokens.
It is an open marketplace where you are provided a token (Sparks) for the surplus power your solar panels put back into the grid.
You can then sell that token to others who can pay their energy bill with those tokens.People making energy (prosumers) can sell it and people buying energy (consumers) pay their bill with it.
If you're not a troll or a retard, then go read the whitepaper.
It's actually a fantastic concept and could revolutionise the energy sector worldwide.
doesnt bittrex have powr/btc market ?
or do i need to get eth first?
Yes you can buy with btc too.
I just suggested eth because it's faster and cheaper to send than BTC.
ok thanks!
its mooning like crazy right nowwent from 5000 to 5600 in no timemy only regret is that i didnt could afford more than 50 POWRstill up almost 80% on this though
whats fucking worsst than waiting for your btc to clear when powr is fucking mooning.
HURRY THE FUCK UP I NEED TO BUY
50 powrBascailly nothing, I've got 2K powr and its hardly anything, wish I got more
fuck my sell order sold at 5050 while i was away, should i buy back in ?
LMAO.
I have 150k powr.
remember that when you buy a lambo with your 2k and I buy an island.
Considering PBC was just leaked you need to get your ass into gear sell your fucking children and buy as much as possible in the next hour
yeah it sucks begin poorif i sold off all my other alts i think i could hit maybe 130 POWR at the current price
link to leak?
Its already losing support!
I KNEW I SHOULDNT HAVE BOUGHT AT A ALL TIME HIGH IM DUMPING NOW
Holy fuck why are you people so fucking dumb?
You buy at the literally resistance at 5k, it will obviously see a rebound.
Why did you buy at 5K man I don't understand
it was shilled here a few days ago, the link is broken now but heres a cached copyhttps://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:l4xVqJu7mEQJ:https://pbc-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/editorial/pbo/201711/20171120-pbo-monthly-draft.pdf+&cd=1&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=en
Actually I was just discreetly pointing that out anon, what?
Can't read /biz/'s signals?