http://bigbangtheory.wikia.com/wiki/The_Bitcoin_EntanglementPredictions ?
Do we sell or buy ?
Tons of normies watch this show, a negative portrayal could affect the price.
First of all, nobody is replying to you because we all already know.And also,A negative portrayal would also affect the price upbitcoin is going to up for sure, but in the long term.This will make 10 million people learn what BTC is, then they will ask friends, or they have heard about it before.
Some will start to wonder how to get some "just in case"a few of those, maybe the next day, might be able to buy some on coinbase with a credit card or something.
90% might give up thinking it's too expensive now, or that they missed the train.In any case, this will make them hear about it, and in the future when they hear it again their curiosity will increase.
I don't watch this show but if they're so in step with nerd culture they would have done bitcoin years ago.
4364736Fuck Bitcoin do ETH.
Everyone buy bitcoin the day of the show.
It will start pumping.
Normies look up the price after the show and see it going up.
They FOMO in pump the price to over $10,000.
/biz/ sells at 5AM and the normies wake up to half of their retirement account gone.
Actually in the episode they find some bitcoins on Zack's computerWhich is weird because that guy was retarded from what I remember
this will not help the market longterm
I'm in that screencap
% of watchers will find coinbase make an account a successfuly by btc, then they won't believe for transaction time nor fees and will buy bch.
will buy ethfixed it for ya
they should've done it on Bitcoin Cash, okaaaay
bitcoins> weird because that guy was retardedmakes sense to me
do you think there will be a battle between sheldon and money skeleton ?will kripke be outed as satoshi nakamoto ?
Bitcoin is recovering from that last dip, it's only up from here
4364902KEK
it would be the first time this show would make me laugh if BCH replaces BTC Core by the time the episode airs and all the work the put into the episode goes down the shitter
lol some shitty voice over dub of 'bitcoin cash' every time they mention bitcoin
More like cringe theory le we all evolved from fish fucked by monkies
Big Bang Theory
BCASH
What's up with you cultists anywayBCASH is such an obvious scam it's not even funny
Bit Coin Theory
SAVED
you are the devil and you are just like me
I might actually watch this gay show if Vitamin B shows up to fight
Why is anyone still watching this while Silicon Valley is a much better comedy show?Even normies should have quit this shit by now.
That would take away from the hundreds of Spiderman and Star Wars episodes though anon.The fact that this shitshow is doing an episode on Bitcion only shows how mainstream it is already.
They only do "normie" nerd culture that everyone already knows a lot about, because, nobody would laugh at their dumb one liners if they had no idea what they were joking about.
that sentence man
NEGATIVE PRESS IS STILL PRESS.NEGATIVE ATTENTION IS STILL ATTENTION.PEOPLE THRIVE OFF NEGATIVE SHIT DEEP DOWN INSIDE