Don't worry babies, when everything else moons, Mommy whales gonna raise your allowance and give you a 30 cent link price, mmkay?
Mommas so proud.
Just be a good boy and hold mmkay hon?
Momma has a lot of big long moon missions to ride in the meantime.
implying most of the dipshits here won't lose all their money on retarded shitcoins and have nothing left to invest once LINK actually does moon>implying there's anything wrong with sitting tight on a goldmine for 6 months before it blows
Thank u mommy, babie anon needs to 100x his allowance to buy more dipping sauces for him chickem tenders
Link was never a moon mission.
There is no reason for institutions to buy a bunch of link.
There will be bonded nodes, but it's not PoS like OMG and ETH are doing.
Link will only reflect the volume of data queries, if it even gets adopted, but you wouldn't want to pay for a service in a speculative crypto.
An oracle would need to be set up to pay in dollar amounts for the data, so why not just create a dollar tied erc20 with Town Crier and charge fees on that?
Link is entirely unnecessary.
On top of that, institutions are using Hyperledger, not Ethereum, so even if they use it they wont be buying your shitcoin.
Sell this fucking shitcoin and buy bitcoin you brainlets.
How many BTC pumps are you going to miss because of this?
he doesnt understand node priority
faggot, "an oracle would need to set up pay in dollar amounts" THAT'S THE WHOLE PROBLEM LINK IS ELIMINATING SHITHEADIt acts as a intermediary, a middleware as Sergey says himself.
You put dollars in, LINKs go to nodes, and you get information out.
>Can solve the Oracle problem>Can't solve the halting problem
On top of that, institutions are using Hyperledger, not Ethereum, so even if they use it they wont be buying your shitcoinGee, it's almost like ChainLink works on Hyperledger as well.
There is no inflation.
It's not actual proof of stakeTown Crier is eliminating that problem.
Ari Juels is a lvl 99 wizard and is miles above Sergey.
Why would you want to pay with a speculative crypto?
One data query might cost $0.01 and the next $0.03.
Any service needs to be built on a stable coinLike I said, If they use link on Hyperledger they wont be buying your shitcoin, which is on Ethereum
Town Crier is working with ChainLink.
Ari Juels co-authored the whitepaper and is leading the Intel SGX integration into ChainLink.This is reverse FUD, isn't it.
You're literally getting us to spell all this out for other anons.
i really like the idea behind the chainlink network.
but the token itself as you said seems pretty useless.
all these "fee" tokens are kinda bullshit in my opinion.
the biggest flaw is that you have to pay GAS to send the token.
which in my opinion is just stupid.
why even bother with a token if you could just pay in ethereum.and yes i understand link is used to weight your node in the network.
might at least be one good use case.
but to pay the operator?
dont know.
hodling over 100k link though^^ is there any information about how to pay nodeoperators if you are using bitcoin or hyperledger?
I am amazed by the fact that people are concerned about the price of LINK when it's only listed on one proper exchange that's filled with bots.
The amount of LINK that's available to trade on Binance is barely 5% of the total LINK, not one top wallet has sold any LINK in fact some increased the stack yet people are still upset.Fucking lmao, these are the same people who sold bitcoin for 20$, ETH for 3$
More like Chainlink is piggybacking on Town Crier.
Once TC is out there is literally no reason for anyone to buy lots of link, as a TC node will be provably honest and will not need bonding.
Again, even with adoption, link will only reflect the volume of data queries.
Do you really think that's a billion dollar market?
node operators will accumulate link.
Volume will be huge once we go live.
yea right, no price inflation.
gtfo
you need decentralization plus trusted hardware you retard for security.
both not just one.
youre a idiot.
this guy clearly has no idea what hes talkin about
I bought for 40 cents, sweet