JUST A VERGEN GIRLLIVING IN A JUSTED WORLD
:(
HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA it's going back to 1 sat.
screen cap this post.
w-what happened to vvraith protocol?Why aren't we on the moon anon?
H-ho maybe wraith protocol w-was a complete s-scam which has no t-echnological inovation b-b-but was just a s-shitty tor node coupled w-with a w-wallet anon ?
C-could it b-be ?
It will moon 1 more time to 90 sats and than dip to 41 than slowly going to 20 sats after that its gonna try getting manipuled by whales to 3/5 sats so they can buy in cheap for the next run (which wont happen anymore this year)The dev even called me a retard and everybody started flaming and insulting me on their discord for saying that it wouldnt moon and the dev will drop his bags on the people(dogecoindark bags if your an oldfag you know what i mean with it)This coin has a future But the price and marketcap are based on adoption impact of the people in this worldAll vergiens are just hopeing on a darknet market where you pay with XVG instead of Monero(btw bought monero with the profit i made of XVG after the fucking cancer toxic discord channel started insulting me while i was all the time right) just to fuck you vergiens
monero shows the eye pees and verge doesnt, why is that non private shitcoin doing better than uswas it a bad idea to buy at 150 sat big brother?
send a pic of you wearing panies and write "vergen" on your thighs with an arrow pointing to your funny placedo it and i will compensate your losses
nonprivate>has no understanding of blockchain tech>doesn't know kovri is coming
kovriwill it be a fork or will it be merged into monero?
MONERO SHOWS IPS RETARD VERGE DOESNT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
stop bullying me i'll find your ip from the monero blockchain and hack your computer with my vergian army XXXDDDD
It's an addition to the monero node, I think it will be merged to the master branch on github if that's what you mean.
And then you can run your node with kovri activated or not
sweet, thanksi'll probably sell my XVG bags at the end of the month for XMR, im getting tired of creating this thread every day
I was under the impression that long term, Kovri will be opt-out in nature.
That way the majority of the network exists in i2p instead of clearnet
Irrelevant IPs faggot

Best OP, Best gril(worst coin lmao)
a-arigatoika-chan is cute and both the manga, anime, and doujin are great
Dont worry verge-animuposter,You'll get back to 130sats so you can sell off.I had 260 CFD that's worthless now, you'll get over it.
Just buy Monero and accumulate.
You might not realize it now, but it'll be standing next to Bitcoin in a few years.
How that's possible yes
with kovri in the source code of monero, all the traffic will route over kovri.cool part is that kovri is a standalone product, its just a lean i2p router.
So any currency could implement it in their source code.
Is this what's happening to doge and rdd?
Doge will moon soon idk when but it will for sure be pumped to 200/250 sats or even more but baseline is 200 sats RDD i dont know for sure but it has no adoption in this world sinds it not owned by reddit itself i think that it maybe will have 1 more little pump (dont expect much) and after that probably will be delisted from exchanges