I need to have about 15.000 euros by next September in order to leave my family and emigrate to a Eurocuck country that isn't as poor and get my master's there.
I do freelancing here and there but I don't get enough clients to have a realistic shot.
A job here would get me 2.5 euros an hour, with forced overtime that doesn't get paid.
I've started putting all the shit I can scrape in Ethereum every month, but that's less than 40 euros usually.
If any of you esteemed gentlemen of African-American descent need a paper of an essay proofread/edited for ETH, or just feel like helping a niqqa out because he doesn't feel like dying in Greece, send me some shit, I'd appreciate even 5 bucks.0xB82525B4665378bc6Ed5c6dC485D2c1F4f6e2499
Yeah I remember you Greeks.
You fucked up your own country by voting for populist politicians to cut your taxes until your government had nothing left,Then you were crying at other EU countries for money and told anyone who didn't want to pay to fuck off.
My country is thousands of kilometers away from Greece and we have paid 200€ per head for YOUR fucking debt.
We all know you're never going to pay us back.Never thought I'd get any chance of getting back.
This isn't much but eh I'll take it.Fuck you.
You ain't getting shit.
a) I'm too young to have voted, and I take it you are too young to have paid, lol at "getting back"b) I'm an individual (that wants to gtfo Greece) not a government, and it's not my debt.
Fuck off, brainlet
I'm sorry I have made you upset in your own begging thread.I'll apologize by donating 0.1 ETH if you post a picture of yourself with a sharpie in your asshole.I'll add another 0.1 ETh for each family member of yours doing the same.
You are all accustomed to begging so I assume they'll be easy to convince?
Read my posts, then read yours, then judge who's upset.No.
HAHAHAH FU RETARD.
Stay in europes little india and die ;).
Or try to change shit in oyur own country before going and leeching off of someone else.
Get your masters there, not in another country doing nothing besides begging and getting paid for.
have fun with your little greece pajeet.
Unironically thinking about sending OP money because of this douche
I can get in every master's program there is apart from top 20 QS Universities.
I'm going to get a loan of the tuition, because I'm probably going to the UK, but I still need to have money to live there until I establish myself and land a job.
Also, fuck you.
I'm disgusted by what Greece currently is and what the memorandums did to it and I'm abandoning ship.
Never was a nationalist anyway.That would be nice
I'll send you some if you post your DGB address, OP.
DGB addresswhat is that?
litecoin then
I only have an Ethereum wallet lolWhat kind of new wallet should I open?
LNyQp5Nnds9anQXuYCGZe6Li45ad91KLcs made this for litecoin
sent
Thanks a ton!Now, to try and figure out how this wallet works lol
Can someone in Canada or Australia please find I women that I can marry?
Im Swiss but I'm fucking tired of the fuckton of immigrants and refugees sitting around here everywhere day and night.Please guys I need Canadian or Australian ID so I can leave this sinking ship.
You could marry an immigrant in Canada or Australia :^)
I know from Singapore.
Interested?
Pay debt and hang yourself afterwards, you subhuman beggar.
I'm American sorry anon
You're from Greece?
Do you know John Travolta?
I'm a big fan!
Calm down Stelios as bad as things are at least you're not in Germany, France or Sweden.
KEKIt's technically worse, given that 25% of Greece is comprised of sandniggers and gypsies anyway, have you seen what the inbred subhumans of Golden Dawn look like?
(Stelios is actually close, fuck)But yeah at least nobody blows himself up
Is this a "begging" thread?
because if so, I REALLy could use your help.Yesterday I opened a thread asking in which cryptocurrency should I invest My last 103 USD in order to make enough profit in the trading, to earn, I don't know, 150 or 200 bucks to pay the rent?Yes, I know its risky, but I don't have the rest of the money to pay the rent, So even if do not do it, I will be kicked out of my flat.Can you guide a man to make enough to pay the rent?Also if you don't know anything about it, but you still want to help and you can, I don't know, donate 1 buck or 2, that would be awesome too.Here is My litecoin adress38QKDJRJoKoAqstPCVoAUznDUsPQ4h1y7z
I added like a hundred bucks, hoping to double my money every month for rent, AND withdraw to pay them in fiatYou're a fucking retard
African-American descent need a paper of an essay proofread/edited for ETH, or just feel like helping a niqqaWe don't need more racist blacks in western europe.
We're full.
Maybe you are right.Maybe I am too deluded.Maybe I am too desperate.There is no hope for me
As a German I want to give you the advice not to come to Germany.
We are faster becoming a muslim country than Bitcoin is breaking all time highs.
I for one am trying to get enough Bitcoin to leave this country for good.
Maybe I'm emigrating to Greece in a few years.
15.000 eurosNot enough, unless you find a job to work the night while studying the day.
You shouldn't even be on this website if you can't pay rent.
You are doing the exact WORST thing you can do, doubling down and betting everything on one chance that has less than single digit chances of success.Even if you put your micro investment into something, there is no realistic way you would make enough to more than double your money.It's not that investing isn't for you at all, it just isn't for you right now.To give you an analogy, if you were starving to death, do you think it would be a good idea to join a gym and try to do bodybuilding?
It isn't that bodybuilding is a bad thing to do, but if you try to do it when you are starving, you'll only hurt yourself.
I see your point, maybe is the whole situation that has me thinking in the wrong way on how to solve my problem.
I am still holding my money and haven't bought any cryptocurrency yet, so, I'll listen to your advice.I supose I will keep trying to find a new job, or whatever falls into my hands in order to make money.
It's either UK or Scandinavia for me.
Germany is quite unfriendly to Greeks, even to the star students.I'll be doing a part-time degree in order to have more free time for a job.
Hopefully my freelancing will have taken off by then.
Fuck OFF !!!
Why wouldnt you stay and try to better your Own country ?
No one in EU wants you.
I don't care about my country.
I'm an EU citizen.
And plenty of universities would love to have me.
You and a bunch of 90IQ pissants not wanting me doesn't really matter to me.
Which country?
Oh i see already.
Pay denbts