just shorted btc 25x leverage no stop loss with $15,000
RIP
Cool, at what price?
4487030
watch me fagit's already going down
So you're about 3k in the money now?
What price do you think of cashing out?
hopefully, he already did or he's about to get rekt

Where can I short btc
They're going to make a movie about you.
dont worry be happy.i will go up as always.
The [B]ig Short
Take the money and don't be an idiot.
You are just lucky.
There is no reason why it shouldn't spike back up and liquidate you
Don'tYou'll get short squeezed by tethers and end up pumping the price lol
SELL NAO OP
yeah yeah fagi didn't make it this far by playing it safewe're going to 7800
>shorting btc
what made you do so?
TA ?
Very wise to bet against the king.
OP is already losing
this is by far the best account on twitteronly trump is close
Well the good thing is bitcoin is not as volatile as it used to be, so you'll get to watch yourself get liquidated in slow motion
how does shorting work?If he shorts at 25x leverage at $8,400, does he get $25 for ever $1 bitcoin goes down until he pulls out?
I also hope 15k isn't a lot to you OP
I had that attitude until I got rekt.
If you guess right the side of a thrown coin 5 times in a row it doesn't increase your chances of winning for the 6th timeBest of luck anyway
is it true retarded people don't know they're retarded?actually I guess that question's actually kinda impossible for you to answer
BE GONE, WITCH.
this.
can someone explain?
the legend is here.
where is the next stop?
$10K?
The Chad Short lmao
"Going down".
You one dumb Mutha Fuckah.
lol
shorting BTCliterally the dumbest thing you can do
K before a 2.8K reset.
next stop is $5k again when the tethering occursafter this I will be very, very rich

-4. thanks
4487256If he had exactly one BTC as collateral and went full 25X then yes, he would make $25 for every dollar it went down.
Were (you) in the Legendary Bread last night?
next stop is $5k again when the tethering occurstopkekregrettably, no.
what did i miss?
What about it was legendary?
Pls explain
What's the limit on the X?
Can I short by 2000x?How much does it have to go up for his one bitcoin to be completely liquidated?
Sauce above.
check the Archive for that thread.
Worthwhile.
Legendary.
All that participated were Legendary.
It was a Precog Action to stop and capture The Tether Joker, and recover BTC.
You should consider setting up a trip.
People will start impersonating you.
It would have to rise 4% for him to get liquidated.
Max margin is 100X.
2000X wouldn't be possible because the lenders would be guaranteed to lose money in a spike.
I really don't understand how they are even able to do 100X honestly.
maybe you'll end up like this autist
Nah kiddie I'm an elite operator we don't use trip codesI'm totally not a mentally unstable larper on a venezuelan alpaca shaving forum
ah, ok, so the margin works both ways so the percentage it needs to rise to lose all would simply be whatever it takes it takes to pass the amount of bitcoin you put down.So if you set your margin to 100x... does that mean if bitcoin rises above 1% of the price you executed at, you lose all?
can someone explain leverage in this example?like if you were to trade with no leverage, a 1% increase in price while holding 1 BTC equates to 0.01 BTC gained right?
so with 25x leverage 1% market change equates to 0.25 BTC gain?
and since he's in for a little under ~2 BTC @ 25x leverage, every 1% gain/drop in the market equates to 0.5 BTC ?so if it goes up ~4% from where he opened his position he'd be liquidated to $0 right?
and for every ~2% drop in the market he makes about 1 BTC profit?
4487256SHORTING:I borrow 5 apples from you.
I promise to give them back in a week.
In reality I immediate sell the apples and buy new apples next week to give to you.
If the price of apples has gone down in the meantime, I pay less for the new apples than I got for the old.
I pocket the difference.
If the price goes up, I lose money since I still have to give you back the apples.LEVERAGE TRADING:I borrow $100.000 from you and use it to buy British pounds.
If the pound moves up 1%, I've made $1000.
This is traditionally used in forex, since movements tend to be very small (sub 1% in a day).Since you don't expect the price to move more than 1%, you know that if I have at least $2000 on hand, the risk that I can't pay you back the $100k is minimal.
This is known as a 50:1 leverage.
Stocks are more volatile, so more cash on hand is usually required (maybe a ratio of 10:1, or $10k to borrow $100k).Leveraged shorting combines the two and is what OP is doing.
When he says he leveraged $15k x25 to short bitcoin, he in effect borrowed $375k worth of bitcoin and sold it with the goal to buy it back at a lower price.
If the price moves down, he makes money.
If it moves up too far, he's fucked.
yea that's exactly what it means.
unless you only margin y % of your holdings at 100x.
then the rest of your holdings are used as collateral to offset opposite price movement.
Ofbt, 14k, 2.8, pretty specific :) exit point?
Where to (help a newbie out)?Re-entry point?Kpngtpo
pink wojacks incoming
k of it comes from selling my car last week and another 4k is from a bank loan
Nigger you better be joking.
Holy shit you should NOT be doing this.Even if you are right it's a stupid as fuck move to go 25x with most/all of your stack, like brainlett tier
agreed, some retards are buying at this price when it's obvious we're going to DUMP CITY
Can I send 1 BTC to Bitmex at a time and margin trade at 100x?
That way the most I lose is one bitcoin right?
This sounds interesting.
i didn't make it this far by playing it safe9k of it comes from selling my car last week and another 4k is from a bank loanSo this far means having sold your car and having taken a bank loan?So either 1.
OP is the biggest retard on the planetor2.
OP is just a troll with no life.
And not even a funny one.
so you got 15k in collateral?at what % do you get liquidated?in case of 20% you would get liquidated at 3.2% above your BE if we ignore transactions costs and everything elseyou got some balls bruh
lol we did the same https://discord.gg/yGKwc8R we're deciding what to do with our profits now, wanna help us decide?
There is no guarantee that your broker can liquidate at the correct prices, so you can end up owing money.
So many brainlets dont grasp this and go gunho with margin accounts and are debtcucks forever.
at the very least dont trade as a private person, do it through a company so its the company that busts and not you personally
Check your trips.
You just made a fatal mistake.
Comedy gold, lad.
Best of luck OPBold move, hope it pays off
not sure when i could be liquidated as i have been increasing leverage in increments of 5x as I gain confidencecurrently at 65x
this is like a slow motion train wreck
thats why there usually is a minimum % of your collateral you have to maintain which is further depending on liquidity of orderbooks etci doubt poloniex could cause you to owe them money when they were not able to liquidate you properly
Jesus Christ.
No you can't earn BTC this way.
If you hold 1 BTC it would just go up in USD price.
You can't into margin trading.
See pic related.>it's (You)
where are you trading in order to be able to do that?i only know poloniex margin trading which is fixed to 2.5 leverage and 20% minimum maintainance
not sure when i could be liquidatedthis is going to be great.
please continue to post as you get liquidated, for the lulz
I was proving a point, but you ignored my post earlier: 
prefer to keep where I'm trading confidential so some assblasted whale can't target me
dunno with crypto desu, but irl every broker has the famous little disclaimer "investment losses may exceed deposits" or whatever.
What you are doing is borrowing money and trading on it.
Collateral is just there to easily recoup, but if they cant get it they probably have legal claim, because who the fuck reads ToS, right?
maybe i misstated what i was askingI know simply holding BTC and doing nothing will not magically multiply more than the market rateI was just saying if you held BTC without any leverage, when the market goes up 1% you're gaining 0.01 BTC per 1 BTC right?
but if you margin trade that 1 BTC on bitmex with 25x leverage and the market goes up 1%, you gain 0.25 BTC instead of the regular 0.01 BTC you would gain without any leverage, right?Or is that still incorrect?
Impersonation is very short lived.
I was using Passports for P of L and P of I when you were a gleam in a Pajeets eye.
makes sense yesmaybe i should read up on that since i myself have a long in xmr_btc open which is out of the moneyi have hope for gains tho
I was just saying if you held BTC without any leverage, when the market goes up 1% you're gaining 0.01 BTC per 1 BTC right?bruh, you may want to read more
I'm adopting a trip code as I think in the bear market we're about to enter after this I will be one of the most respected traderson this board
When you come close to your maintenance margin they give you the "margin call" to put more in.
But if prices drop fast and/or and liquidity is thin they can liquidate you at trash prices... usually is fine ofc, but in crazy moves shit can happen.
with 25 leverage you just gain/lose the same although multiplied with 25where you are wrong is that you cannot hold with leverage.
you can have levered positions but not levered balances
please keep using it so we can mock you incessantly
I was just saying if you held BTC without any leverage, when the market goes up 1% you're gaining 0.01 BTC per 1 BTC right?Wrong.
You would be able to sell that BTC for Tether or whatever fiat you want.
You would just be holding the BTC.>but if you margin trade that 1 BTC on bitmex with 25x leverage and the market goes up 1%, you gain 0.25 BTC instead of the regular 0.01 BTC you would gain without any leverage, right?Yes this is correct.
When you hold BTC without any leverage and when the market goes up %1 you don't gain 0.01 BTC per 1 BTC, you still hold 1 BTC static just that 1 BTC means more value but what you said about margin trading is true when you open a margin position with 1 BTC and it increases and you're long on it with 25x leverage you get 0.25 BTC
thanks for stating the obvious bruhi asked something completelly different thoi was asking if poloniex would in fact have a legal claim against you if their algo fucked up liquidating you properly
4487711yeah you're close, most crypto exchanges with margin, polo, bfx, okc 1broker etc have a 10-15% buffer which you are usually left with in the event of a forced liquidation.In the event of a large market swing, e.g you should get liquidated at ltc = $50, but when they do this, it literally just market orders your position into the front of the book, which sometimes mean you selling at $40 for exampleThis will take the full 10-15% buffer and you're left with 0 or a negative balance.OKC even tried to chase me up once for about 3 bitcoin that I 'owed' them because they market sold my btc at $400 when it was trading around $550t.
oldfag whose been liquidated about 4/5 times on ltc, btc, xrp and silver on 1broker.I'm still up around 2000% from margin in the past 3 years tho
reply came in slow, wrote it as followup to initial post - as i said in first "dunno with crypto", no idea about the rules, would like to know myself if anyone has a clue...
prepare to get JUSTed hard
No that would be on them.
Youre borrowing other people's money, not the exchanges.
The exchanges(if they're smart) have massive amounts of every coin in reserve so even if their algo fucks up they'd be able to pay the lenders.
Now in the stock market this is completely different.
I would encourage everyone to read this:www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/guid/18CF8EE8-8ED0-11E5-87B6-3CB893D25A7FTruly fucking hilarious.
this old fag crypto biz jackass is one of the most retarded arrogant assholes i have encountered on this websitemy genius move here alone is probably going to make me way richer than he could ever dream of beingI urge everyone here from now to the end of time to ignore that imbecile's adviceI am now at 85x leverage
Yeah I was talking more about the fringe cases.
The pricedrops could be so wild that the first marked order to be filled blows past your buffer, leaving you deep in the hole.
Liquidity is pretty decent and deep these days even in alts though, so it's probably a rare case...
But people should be aware of the mechanics and ToS
post proof so I can laugh my ass off
screenshot proof it for maximum lullz.
Godspeed chad shorter
Godspeed, wish I had the balls
4487003Get a livestream of your own personal financial ruin going.
I want to see that ticker.
That way you can make money as you lose money!
how do you feel about USDT?
lol, gold
yup, exactly.It won't happen much in this climate, but in a huge market swing it's fairly common as the exchange does not want to hold your bags if the price is capitulating.A lot of places have a community fund type thing that eats these losses, can't remember what they're called thoPretty sure polo used to have one
Laughed at this is surprisingly funny if you think about it
USDT is a fucking scam
No anon, all of /biz/ will watch him get liquidated in slow motion.
LARPWhy does everyone claim to have shorted at the EXACT top down to the dollar?
he's not shorting on bfx he's shorting on bitmex (probably)
Sounds a lot more profitable than chasing shitcoin pumps
I am a fucking trading god and soon it will be apparent to all of you that something like this is easy and natural to meI dream in charts, and have at several times made decisions based on my dreamsLast night I had 1k in LRC, and I dreamed it went down to 2200'sI woke up and it was 2500's and I sold and soon after it went down to the 2200's just as I had dreamedI meditated afterwards and saw the day's Bitcoin movements.
I can act with such confidence because I've seen this day's events unfold already inside my mind
to give you a TL;DRLonging = infinite gains, limited loss (you can only lose every $ you borrow)Shorting = limited gains (it can only go to 0), infinite lossesHaving said that, in the right market, shorting is super fucking comfy
4487990Good fucking look opie, I’m not in the crypto market right now but if I had to make a wild move this would be it.
the absute madman, I am rooting for yoy
I have just finished moving my last 5k onto the exchange to use as equity.
I feel comfortable that a coordinated attack against me personally could not liquidate me now
i admire your conviction, but you are about to get rekt.
seriously
Lol to anyone believing this obvious larp
if it makes you feel any better when you get rekt, I'm down quite a lot on my current trades
Holy fuck.You should have listened to me yesterday when I told /biz/ to buy BTG at $65 
I'm not going to get rekt because men cannot change the future without explicitly trying to do soMy biggest regret here is making this thread as it's exposed my abilities to people who could try and counter them, but I think after tonight it will be apparent just how strong they are;.
In the future going forwards I will offer investment advice based on my precognitionsThey have never, not once, been wrong.
The CIA has tried to contact me several times concerning them but I reject any contact with them.
They put little cameras all over my house.
I reject them because I believe in helping other people
sorry I don't trade bitcoin abortions
You sound like a true wizard.Godspeed /biz/bro
how much profit if you pull through OP?
When using "inspect element" next time don't forget to change the amount of your shitcoins to more than 1 if you're then going to claim that you're 45k USD down.
Larp
terry??
who have u btc??
good bay
feels bad mayn :(
shut the fuck upthe coming events will clear any doubt in your little pea brain about whether or not I am the REAL DEALjust fucking watch the chart with menotice also how the old faggot has left.
he's too much of a coward to show his face here because he knows I am the REAL DEAL
post meditation techniques
just lie down and daydream but try to be a bit more lucid about it
newfag gets a trip and acts all bigNot like I haven't seen this before
OP, Congrats on this, Seriously.
if you're betting on the completion of that local double top, should be happening and minute now.
good luck senpai
Yeah neither do I. I bought and sold in 2 hours for a 400% profit but yeah you do you.
This is how I roll too, except I'm shorting it with 100x leverage.
I LOST EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this man is from 2 hours in the future and longed btc
why would you save this photolmao
as i have been increasing leverage in increments of 5x as I gain confidenceoh godthis literally means your liquidation point is much closer than it would be if you shorted it all at 8380>as you gain confidencelmaoguess you'll lose all that confidence when its back up huh
that guy is a fucking loser and we're all about to see why
op, you're gonna win like Jeb should haveremember me when you sip on your frosty beverage on your brand new mansion15qk5FWtexqjcbjNKZfbZwAbDJHHwgx8ag
Jeb failed because he did not stand with God.
I stand with God.
tfw you don't want to realise your lossesI know this feel man.
They have never, not once, been wrong.
The CIA has tried to contact me several times concerning them but I reject any contact with them.
They put little cameras all over my house.
The CIA has tried to contact me several times concerning them but I reject any contact with them.
>They put little cameras all over my house.
Terry, is that you?
The CIA has tried to contact me several timeslarp
It's not an uncommon experience.
I've met several other people with the same
PROOF OR GTFOffs newfags
I know a reliable, trustworthy person when I see one so I shorted with you at 825.6.
Don't worry if the CIA niggers glow in the dark, that's normal.
Good call OP, I have to admit that was a sweet entry.
EVERYONE WHO DOUBTED ME APOLOGIZE RIGHT NOWNOWNOW
Everyone put buy orders in so that the price goes up for this fag.
I NEVER DOUBTED YOU SENPAI
I guess OP is right.
Wow.
I didn't doubt you.
I already sold at 8300.Feels like the board is plagued with a bunch of new money retards that actually think this bullish behavior on BTC will continue forever.We're flying way too high right now on BTC and the risk/reward just isn't worth it anymore, if you're not atleast take off some profits from BTC right now you're an absolute fucking moron
HOLY FUCK ITS FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE FAAAALIN
you said $7800 
OK Faggot.
You can have your short.
I'll let it fall.
Buyback is $7777.77.
But I will have my runup to $14K, immediately after.
For Every Thing, There Is a Season.
people believe that old fag retard when we said we're going to 14000people are THIS delusionalthis is happening EXACTLY as my dream said it would
How the fuck are people seeing this?Is this americans waking up to the tether event?
4489385Fucking jej well played fag
ahem i hope you sold already
Here's your dead cat bounce before it continues downwards.
Grats on your success.
double top almost completed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFw-yXUHTLg
4489385I bought the dead cat, cashed in short from 826.
Where do I enter for another short guys?
Wow - great call!!!
How much did you make???
I'm going all in on ARK once this ride is over and stakingI saw a dream that ark hit $50 around June 2018
OP is a fucking genius
4488277Don't now if you're serious or not, but I tried once using ARV for memecoin trading advice, and it gave me the right answer, but I didn't listen to it anyway.
Haven't tried it since until yesterday.I also had voices telling me future OMG's price in a deep meditative state.
I think I'm losing my fucking mind
How does this account work?
Ian the “buy” amount in USD, signifying the amount lost?
I'm 100% serious
I don't know what chart you guys are looking at, but OP is just getting lucky.Clearly if you were to look you'd see that Bitcoin has don e this before.
It is entirely possible it continues to rise.
I got 10080 ark too that I picked up lately at these juicy prices, it's actually the only crypto I own right nowYou have some good taste OP
I do suppose some of us are unfortunate enough to not have our dreams reveal the future to us
4489417
Closing now.
My gains are satisfactory enough that I don't want to take the chance my dreams were wrong, although I guess it's more likely than not that they were being precisely accurate
Are we still going to 7.8k though?
Or was your dream off?
These swings are not your heroin dreams, faggots, they are the result of deals made behind closed doors.
Who are you????
I have goose bumps reading your posts!!!
You're like Neo from matrix.
Are you the ONE?
Please wake me up as well!!!!!
smart move, you got lucky.
no way was 7800 coming into play.
congrats on your gains
How do you get precise numbers from your dreams ?
Is that a form of lucid dreaming or something ?
is this the royalty you mentioned the other day getting on board?
How much did you make and hear me saying one thing: 100% you will loose it next leverage trade.
>mfw OP tells us he got liquidated in one hour
We'll have to see.
I closed.
I don't doubt we'll go there thoughI can't remember whether this bounce was included or notI can't 100% doubt the fact that the CIA orchestrated this to try and entice me to their side.
However, I do not take bribes
In lucid dreams you don't get precise numbers,or atleast they change fast.
It must have been a normal dream
How much did you make?
how much $
I had lucid dreams and I could even read books there.
Not that type of dreams where you realise you're sleeping and become lucid, but the ones there you get kicked out of your physical body with severe vibrations by laying still
4489614Yes.
He forced it down with fake sell walls so he could buy in.
We were pissed, but told him we would put up minimal resistance to $7777.77 if he ran it up to $14k thereafter.
Isnt now the perfect opportunity to buy into the rally?
>Bitfinex still on 8100>GDAX on 8160What the fuck is going on?
I would wait.
There are deals made behind closed doors yet to play out.
strapped in and ready for launch
That's lucid dreaming while thinking you aren't lucid dreaming yet and fantasizing you have an out of body experience, but it's only a copy of your room your are lucid dreaming in.
Reading books is ok but you can't read the same page twice.
That's what I mean.
>*Printing of tethers intensifies*
My dream told me to hold ARK until June 2018.
No more ltradingWe would have gone there had I not posted this thread.
We're being monitored.
$33kYour cabal is going to burn in hell after you die
So should we expect a pump over at ETH?
how much did you gain wise one
people call me a larp and we here we have mr bogdanoff and his secret deal club who was wrong already
4488080larping faggot, your copy pasta is not even good
Operators never die.
We just go to Hell and Regroup.
oh, my ID changed.
must be a new IPlet me turn on my trip
You are larping over a deal made behind closed doors, and I can assure you, there is no alphabet agency that currently has any interest in you whatsoever.
You should however, take these matters up with you Counselor.
She cares very much about your well being.
You can't LARP a skillful prediction like I just madepeople thoughtI was gonna get liquidated andI made $33,000 in 2 hours on a $15k investment by listening to my dreams
checkedyou gonna open a new short?
Any heads up on the bch?
I'd appreciate the help :)
I have powers granted to me by god while you're some loser who spends all day pretending to be part of some shadowy cabalNo my dream told me to hold ARK until June 2018
are you gonna put all your gains on Ark?also any other advice you have?
kekhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tlwda9S58Lg
If at any point you stopped praying before bed in your life it's time to start againalso fixed a typo in my trip.
it matches now.
check
 is the MOST OPTIMISTIC dip, strong as fuck resistance level.
ive actually been thinking about putting my faith into god lately, any chance this was a coincidence bud you did short the ATH
I'd apolgize for giving up what I knew about the future so it could be changed but I doubt anyone but me could have taken advantage of that situation
Camping this thread
THE VIRGIN SECRET CABAL LARPER>relies on insider information>doubts god>makes fun of the faithful>spends all day pretending to be a part of a secret cabalTHE CHAD FAITHFUL PRECOGNITIVE>god tells him in a dream to sell his car and take out a 4,000 bank loan>listens to god and is rewarded with $33,000>is not shaken by people mocking him even when everyone is against him>has been contacted to be part an ACTUAL secret agency rather than having to pretend to be part of one, denies it anyway as he is a good person
DELET
I listened to god and was rewarded.
See post just below
How did you learn to have lucid dreams?
Please teach me...
Guys.What if.Remember the tether hack?
I'm not a security professional, but I went to DEF CON this year and learned alot about hacker mentality.If a hacker sees an open door, he will close it behind him/her but make sure to leave another door or a few windows open that only he would know about.Tether / Bitfinex is the same company.Tether got hacked.Hackers got into tether.Hackers may well have gotten into bitfinex.This is why bitfinex's api is down to sites like https://bitcoinity.org/markets/bitfinex/USD.There may be a flaw in the API.Now stay with me.If you were a hacker who could control some aspect of the bitfinex api, how could you profit?
Wise dream man what is the next on moon in a week?
may your ancestors bless you.
I prayed last week after submitting an application and got a job interview, you may be on to something OP
Perhaps for example, you only let bots put SELL orders so for a while only sell orders go through, crashing the price.Whatever the case, the bitfinex API is CERTAINLY down go here and click TRYhttps://docs.bitfinex.com/v1/reference#rest-public-tickerTicker is down.Stats is down.Trades are down.
what are you trying to say
lol.
Pink wojacks stopped working, so daytraders came up with a new scam.
You ever been to a Res?
4490275By manipulating a weakness in the Bitfinex API someone could knowingly crash the bitcoin price.But the problem isnt that.
The problem is the hacker would easily get caught if they tried to steal the bitcoin (since its a digital ledger).How would the hacker benefit from tanking the bitcoin price?Maybe if he shorted bitcoin whilst he fucked with the bots using the API?That way it just looks like he got lucky.
Daytraders new scam is " a Prophet of God".
My sides are in Orbit.
I was in it, nothing special.
begone faithless i speak with the wiseman now.
the sky will be green but when?
we get it bud go jerk off to some sam harris
also are we still on for 14k btc?
My precognition told me that ETH will moon more than BTC this week.
Let's see how it plays out.
Bought a shitton at $335.
What do you think about this, my paranoid colleague ?
No, it's BCH now for 20k.
Very interesting analysis anon.BTC is headed for a crash regardless of whether or not OP was just trading on his LSD visions though.
I don't even advocate daytrading anymore as god told me to hold ARK until June 2018PAY ATTENTIONNEW THREAD4490363
ETH is already mooning thanks to that shock in BTC earlier
KEK Good job on the trade OP, I don't think I'll ever bother to to short but bought the dip.
What's your long term prediction for Bitcoin?
I can't predict at will.
Next time I have a dream where god gives some good info I'll post a new thread
We may have a reset to $7777.77 first, but yes, we are still on track for $14K The Savant says no to the reset, and She usually gets Her way.
So the price is going down to what the alleged SOG over here said it was going to?
I thought one was two, two was one, I am convinced that my math is way off.
If one is one but equals more 5d chess is checkers compared to the game being played.
If one is more it is still mastery in action.
KThePO
please do not mock God by predicting we're going to fall exactly to a variant of His number
is this site https://whaleclub.co/ good for leverage trading from USA?
wouldn't a guaranteed stop loss stop that?
I'm thinking about doing margin/leverage trading very soon will most likely be using this as who knows wtf will happen in future
WHO'S THAT GLOWING OUTSIDE YOUR WINDOW
Fuck yeah
nah stop-losses work the same way, they just put a market order into the exchange and sell whatever coins you're holding.
A stop-limit is where you put a sell order when a price hits a certain point, so no matter what you're only selling at that price (if you can).Problem is if it flies straight through it you could be left holding a long/short that keeps getting into losses.The only sure fire way is a market order and the problem with that is they can go to wayyy below/above where your liquidation point is if the orderbook is very thin.The smartest move is to take your 50% loss and suck it up and move on, don't play with fire, especially in a market as crazy as this.Having used margin up to 50x, I'm now limiting myself to around 3.3-5x at most.
For the kind of swings we get it's more than enough to lose/gain huge %
Can I lose more money on bitmex than I have in my position ?
This thread has shaken me to my core, OP.
Alleged SOG is larping, and is very slightly related to the Other Side at the Negotiating Table.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
There is a Third Party that is more powerful than he or I.
The Savant.
who is this savant?
x damn where?
Yeah I'm def going to be careful.
Broker I use has 20x for bitcoin, and that was after increasing it when they first started
bitmex, I lost, lol
Judy Dench?
Whilst the spectators watched the games, the true battle was surely waged and won beyond their view.
ktpwro
Judy Dench is just an Avatar for The Savant.
What are The Odds of That?
Lady Macbeth?
f-flam00t?
for margins I would only reccomend using more than 2-3x if god tells you to
CONfidence :^)
Where do you see BTC this time next year?
I can't predict things at willmaybe at some point I'll dream it
On a lighter note, if only 1/2 Of what I think I just saw is true and it was not noticed by the masses then my future in crypto looks promising.
Ktpo
The Savant Just OK'd $7777.77.
Buyback for 14K runup.
K, selling some good alts at a slight loss Oracle.
Ktpo
Who the fuck lent you 45btc?
did you read the whole post?
no
I'm getting impressed now o.p, how did you know?
or did you just gamble
GOD told me
I hope your god is right, man.
12.23 is the closest I found, damn man.
Wonder if that's the where the bigger game was played.
keeping
ironshtag
dreams of meditation apparently the op uses to communicate with, "god"