recommendations?
ethereum
Put it all into ETP, don't look at your money for at least 6 months
1k powr
All in on LINK.Don't look at your money for at least 12 months.
put a little into btc, a little into neo and a little into a small coin like blockmason or ambrosus
Get in NEO now asap.
https://hackernoon.com/neo-onchain-and-its-ultimate-plan-dna-4c33e9b6bfaaRead and connect the dots.
Moon to 100 is coming.
buy as much NEO as you can, put it in a neon wallet, collect 2 gas per day.
you'll be set for life doing this.
33.33% limit orders in a curve below btc to $175033.33% limit orders in a curve below eth to $8833.33% limit orders in a curve below ltc to $22lend half on poloniex half on bitfinex or use lending bot(s)this is the safest option if you are a complete beta male soyboy goynow let's talk about the high test option for ALPHA MALES only:https://www.bitmex.com/register/YgC8kJuse the link for a discount for 6 months, trade only at "sure thing" moments with leverage, martingale down if it's not moving your way but you know it's just a stop hunting faggot100x leverage = 100x fun
In all seriousness though, get Ethereum, Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Omisego, Dash, and Litecoin
all in BCHthx me later
50% btc30% neo20% bctpHold till christmas
put a couple k into ADA if yr ready for a moon mission
ty for your suggestion, I already hold eth.Unironically thinking about getting some ETP, will look more into itno tyI dont think that's a great idea, but thank younice diversification, will look into itnice, will look into it.
tyI could buy 2k neo, that would be like .6 GAS/day, that's less than 20 bucks a day.I don't like to margin trade, but thank you for your suggestion anon.This is the best idea so far, less risk, nice gainz potential.this could work, I'm too much of a pussy thoty for your suggestion anonI don't think that's a great idea, but thank you for your suggestion.
one of the things that people often forget is that you can trade 1x leverage there and it's often much better to do that if you have a good amount like you do.
only use leverage as a "sure thing/just fuck my shit up" meter like if suddenly it gets announced that a quantum bitcoin cracking proof of concept chip is built (or, the obvious multiple hundred dollar gains after the CME announcement)you can also do cash and carry arbitrage with the futures contracts available on the platform with the amount of money you have available, market making if you get into some of the scripting and bots can also be very lucrative.
you get an inverse fee on bitmex for making the books, for example, is an obvious one.
Don't ever buy anything unless it's in a dip.
Easy as that.
You may miss gains here and there, but you'll almost never lose money.
would bcpt be in a dip or is it just new and finding its value?
Invest in yourself OP
bcc, you'll make history for pumping it for us.
all in LINKthx me later