What are the best staking tokens available right now aside from NEO?
Something preferably on the cheap side like ETH was at one point that will potentially moon one day.
If it works as planned you can put money on Coss.IO
NEBL
bitbean
I'll second Coss.
It's on sale right now since exchange volume has been down but they are unveiling a new UI and engine in the next two months.
Also a few ICO's launching on their platform.
ARK, about 600 can get you 1 a week with the right delegate
Not staking, but if you want ETH dividends, check out ASTRO
ARK seems to be a /biz/ coin like ETH and Chainlink so I might have to go with this.
I could probably buy a shit ton of them at this price too.
agree its NEBL and low circulation.
10% POS!!
!zCoin could get crazy if you can get a 1000 for a MN.
ROI 30%
also, SNGLS i believe pays rewards in ETHits going to destroy the entertainment industrybut it'll take awhile
ive made back my losses from staking qtum.
its pretty sick.
got it all running on my raspberry pi.
heres a guide: https://steemit.com/qtum/@cryptominder/qtum-staking-tutorial-using-qtumd-on-a-raspberry-pi-3
ETP pays out 20% ROI if you freeze your holdings for a year.
You've got to bet on it being relevant in a year, but 20% is fucking awesome if it is.
Lisk bish
Like ethereum but written in javascript so all the noobs can pump in so,e ico's and we can reap the benefits.
ODN.
You get 10% back a year and earn transaction fees if you own a masternode, which is 10k ODN.
Unironically CossZRX looks promising in 2018
Ethereum will certainly be up more than 20% in the next year and you don't have to bet on a shitcoin and you get to stay liquid the whole time
ark period...
Seconded
OMG, ARK, POWR, maybe XRPdont listen to the NEBL shills.
its a shitty pump and dump group whose coin will never even take off.
I really wish we could kill these pnd clowns
LEV is going to be the best staking token once Leveraj hits the market.
I earn ~30 ARK per week on biz_classic.
It's kinda nice.
RNS
mco
Watch the advice you take off these faggots, they love shilling their crappy shit alts on victims like newfags like yourself.
Learnt the hard way, dont rush into buying alts, take time to see what looks best.
I started buying the other week and listen to these faggots and got shitty coins, instead i could have brought neo at $28 and got 15 coins and start from there and start with a nice 20coins of neo.
To late for that now
everything I don't understand is a pump and dumpNeblio is legit.
I've been holding for a whole week, take my advice.You are so fucking new it hurts.
get about $60 a week from staking ark.
not much but its nice i guess
Obsidian (ODN).
earning $30+ a month with around $2.7k worth of coins.
feelsgoodman.jpg
ARK is probably best for this
about how many arks would one need for this?