why does 1 day everyone on here fucking shilling this and then the next day everyones on here FUDing it?
We all own it and know it's going to be big.We have such confidence in its future that we FUD it for fun when we get bored.
Everyone know that it's a piece of shit.The people shilling it are desperate bagholders.
Lol this
He knows.
A P&D group shilled it, the board got annoyed with the coin because of all the spam, so now we hate it.
People keep making fun of hodlers because it doing very poor thanks to bitcoin drama, most of fags have lots of LINK, it's the best long term hodl in years, just not for idiots who bought over 40 cents
Because every night all the fomo shills lose so much money that they cant afford basic internet access and then the next day new retards repeat
A lot of FUD comes from people holding it and Pajeets getting mad at how much Link occupies everyone's attention.
It's hard to get a pump going when a lot of people are just holding and have their attention focused on something else.
no you retard.
If you genuinely think the shilling is a result of a p&d group and not /biz/tards then you're dumb bro.
Every time alts have started to recover after a BTC rally LINK leads the pack in % gained.The FUD is from holders shitposting.
I fucking love to shitpost LINK fud and I'm holding mine at least until 2019 or $10+.
yeah this seems legit seeing as im a holder and I shitpost about it too when i'm bored.
There's a billion link.
That would require it's Market cap to hit 10 billion dollars.
it's possiblewith what they promise and all that bank partnerships
Which is ripples market cap.
It’s poddioe, we haven’t even seen Ethereum platform mature yet.
You faggots gotta be patient.
I bought eth at $12 right before it dropped to $6, sold most of my stack, then it went to $50+.
So let’s not do that again.
A $10bn marketcap is only a question of when not if.
*possible
It was always a shit coin.
Anytime any coin gets big hype seemingly out of no where avoid it.
If it doesn't have at least 1 year of TA available avoid it.
and If you are going to be a retard any way never put more than 5% of your portfolio in a new coin.
also only 350million in circulation350million that goes to companies to start using this and understanding this will actually help the price go upjust imagine exchanges and next to the market data you have a little "Powered by Link"
pajeets holding a nonpnd coin???????
not all LINK will be in circulation you dummy.
currently only 350,000,000 is.
Bitcoin stabilized around 7700-800 where the fuck is my altcoin rush?
everyone hereMore like a few Pajeets from some IP range
Same here.
Holding 200k link but make at least 1 fud post/reply a day.
need to stay stable for longer or at a higher price for the alt run to startbasically, people need to think BTC is going down for it to happen
Why not sell and buy back around 400-500 sat?
Link will hit $50 next year.Screenshot this.
*unzips
There are 2 guys developing for it with shit design and no practical profit ever for the coin.
drops to $0.16>"HAHA LINKIES BTFO">pumps up to $0.20>"APOLOGIZE!
">drops back down>"SHITCOIN"
4414225digi marines
link is done .I have got insider information and advise everyone of u to sell.
there is a zero percent chance that this shit project gets finished.
this fat russian scammed millions and right now is banging trannies in thailand.
on top of that he has got 300 million links.
This, once segwit was canceled, LINK shot up 50%.
When people asked why, everyone said "you didn't actually think this was a shitcoin, did you?
"Keep in mind it's only been out for a few months.
There's plenty of time to increase.
Would be nice to see some new exchanges though
He thinks the shilling on /biz/ is organic Holy fuck the retards on this board
You think it's organized?
Why?
It has barely ever pumped or dumped.
Pretty shitty attempt at a pump and dump if you ask me.