Discuss
how the fuck is this run even possible, i haven't seen a push with this volume since btc in 2013
BCH is bitcoin now.
You have to understand that people want to transact with bitcoin.
The 2x failure is evidence that segwit 1x will never have a proper scaling solution and is hijacked.
discussion needs to be in Korean otherwise irrelevant
SHOULD WE BUY NOW OR WAIT???
Discussing BCH in terms of fiat>Talking about a flippeningYou people are the biggest retards
Oh well, that's kind of strange.Why are koreans pushing this coin?
Buy now don't ever wait
buybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuy
And you will never understand why this is happening.
Bitcoin never was just a store of wealth until you marxist retards came along.
Don't buy unless you wanna stay poor
don't buy bitcoin cash at an all-time high that's fucking retardedbuy bitcoin at the dip (now) and HODL.
So many threads telling you all to buy at $400 and $500 and you didn't listen.
Get fucked.
I don't know, I bought @ 820 USD a couple of monbths ago and I didn't see the 'promised' results, judge for yourself.
4287153Desperation
this is literally like asking if you should wait buying BTC early this year at $1000
Someone please tell me this is a just a bad dream and Bitcoin Cash will be back to being a 300$ altcoin in a week while BTC goes back to being the top dog please someone tell me this will happen please
I'm calling you a retard for caring about the fiat price instead of sats if you really are talking about a flippening, because becoming 1:1 with BTC is all that matters in that case
can you guys explain something?how come 1 korean exchange is pumping 50% of bch?
rumor that was posted last night was all the korean volume is coming from Chinese miners who are dumping their BTC for BCHnow why Chinese miners have to trade on Korean exchange I'm not sure
So, Antminers are worthless now?kekgpu shortage 4 ever
Because they can't trade on chinese sites anymore probably.
You deserve to lose everything for being so ignorant
then why isn't the highest pair that is being traded on their exchange, BTC/BCCits BTC/KRWso it's not traders it's retards doing a P&D for flavor of the month.
>bought at $825>sold at $950ez pz
koreans are retards.
P U R E !
People want to transact with bitcoin and bitcoin won't have a scaling solution for atleast 2 years.
What the fuck is so hard to understand about this?
so guys, do i short btc or do i long bch?
what's more profitable?
No way in hell I'm buying this crap at this price, too risky, when coinbase adds BCH the price is going to dump hard, BTC may drop but its bound to recover..
I'd rather be bagholding BTC until the recovery than bagholding BCH hoping it reaches the price I FOMOD at
It's not that I'm against bigger blocks, I just wish bigger blocks would be agreed upon by Bitcoin rather than having to put my money on Bitcoin Cash.
its literally crashing dumbasses LMAO
BTC = Bitcoin Cash
WHAT THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO REEEEShould I move my Bitcoin to an exchange and exchange it for Bitcoin Cash?
What the fuck is going on?
Is "Bitcoin Classic" the actual Bitcoin?
The one where the devs abandoned it today?
BTC = Bitcoin Classic
Should I sell now?
Fake new's, your pussys, bitcoin is going back piece of shit niggers!
suck ma dick!
At least you're not me.
I sold my bitcoin cash at $198
up $300 in 1 day>crashingi thought the blind dont use 4chan
Ya I don't know what the fuck to do anymore.
Considering moving half my btc over to bch but .13 btc for a bch is a lot AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I think it'll crash down like last time, but I've got a feeling it's got one more pump in it
i dont see a btc/bch pair on that exchange, all pairs are in fiat so they trade btc for fiat and buy bch with fiat
FINALLY I CAN BUY IN
Buy bit cash while you can because it's going to skyrocket if bitcoin crashes.
I Bought about $800 worth about 2 days ago so I'm already making my money back
Roger Ver's pump.
He wants to exit scam BCH before Coinbase allows people to dump theirs for real BTC.
Funny thing is this coin was getting shit on by /biz/ each time a thread came up about it by numerous shills
He seems to be a fan of BCH.
BCH about to hit 1kbut why?
it was getting shit because the s2x fork was planned
but according to fib bch gonna drop any time now so not recommended as an alternative at this point.
>mfw almost bought at 1kDodged a bullet boys.
it just hit 1k
Yea ta worked so great with neo and eth lol
Yes, do it ASAP.
This is not going to end well for BTC bagholders.
BCH is the upgraded bitcoin fork.
Dont worry, just bought 0.5.
Price is gonna drop now.
depth chart on Binance looks like Bitcoin Cash is about to go exponential
Jesus christ.
I bought a BCH back when it was $250.
Should I sell it now and wait for another crash to buy it again?
I'm so hype rn holy shit
Lol you sure about that?
I'm really fucking tempted to sell my bags then buy this ath.
we're going to to 1500 today you fucking moon goons, hope you're on this moon balloon, just get off before it pops
I said that in the other thread, and it did drop to under $900.
Now it's over $1000.
I bought all in at 0.158 now with 2k bucks... Hope i do not get burned.
This is all in for me.
But this shit is going nuclear right now.
wait until BCH=BTC it's happening BTC was too dumb to adapt
are we seriously witnessing crypto history?
wtf im so spooked right now, but the gains keep pouring in
That's what they want you to believe.It's fucking over boys.
All of my bitcoin losses have been balanced out by the BCC pump today.
Dollar value of my portfolio is stable at 25k and BTC value is increasing.
Based Chinamen.
btc is going down tho.
if it breaks the 6500 support then bch will fucking moon to 1100 atleast
You're wrong fag, here it comes.
I thought about going heavily into BCC last night, but it was already up 30% or so.
Dumb move.
Now I only have a little BCC, not enough to offset the other losses today.
i'll mock you exactly in 52 minutes from now
I AM THE KING.
I BOUGHT IN AT 0.158 AND IT INSTANTLY DROPS.
NO GAINS FOR ME.
FUCK YOU ANTI GAIN SKELETON.
WHY DOES THE GAINPEPE HATE MEREEEEEEEEEEEE
>Technical analysis doesn't wor-
Kept mine from the fork to insure against something like this occuring.
The economic majority is going to crush BTC
.1 BCC for me?
I made the price drop.I am the Anti-Gain Prophet.1CuRDDhkwegH4upLBHVUH8obyHdXwhaaoi(Please go up to 0.16 again)
You people don't realise BTC is about to implode because of fear alone, even if people think they're buying into the BCH high (they're not), they'll sell BTC and turn to USD and wait for things to cool down, after the flippening is finished.
Rip
HE BOUGHT SOMEONES FUCKING BAGSGET FUCKING DOMINATED.
It keeps rising.
It was 50 000 a few hours ago.
Total BTC blockchain hashrate is going down but it's going down slowly.
he bought at the toplike a true /biz/raeli
There will be no flippening this fast.
Do you think exchanges will add BCC trading pairs in a few days?
Everything is coupled to BTCAlso it will take months if not years to convince wallstreet and normies to buy a different Bitcoin
HAHAHAHAHAHAAAA*wheeze*HAHAHAHA
don't worry made the same mistake 2 hours ago and a hour ago, give it 20 minutes and you good
bought at $550>sold at $1kit was supposed to be a long term hold lol
ALREADY DOWN $100
Jeah, just never went all in before.
Started with 100 bucks, made my way to a measy 2k... Would suck if i lose my gains now.
Freakin weak hands.Hope it will be okay.
If not, time for some /biz/ begging like a true pajeet.
GET OUT NOW
cant count 52 minutes
Best strategy to stay poor
key thats exactly where I sold thanks anon
aaaaand btc is in free fall
Whale here.
I can move these markets.
Summon me with your planeteer rings if the Bitcoin Cash Price ever shutters.THE POWER IS YOURS
>Buying bch right nowHoly shit, think about it for one fucking second.>BTC is made by a random>Has a bunch of BTC, seems like cold storage>completely anonymous>young asshole forks BTC>wants to fork it again>realizes he's fucking up the BTC community with these forms>looks like a hero by cancelling his SECOND fork>pumps his first shitcoinHow about you think for one second.
You actually think this is genuine growth?
You realize this is Jihan reverting to his old fork since he has a million of them personally and can fully inflate the price himself?.075 was a real buy in point yes, but right now the real value is actually like .09 and everything above that is artificial pump and everyone buying in above .13 is gonna eat some serious shit.
Except jihan.
voice of reason
Do you seriously believe that BCC will keep on rising?
Freakin sweating cause I dropped the instant I bought it.Fuck it.
Gonna wait the night and kill a bottle of whiskey and cuddle my cat.And to make my worries lighter: Maybe any freakin rich/biz/ will help ease my panic with some BCC.bcc adress: 1CuRDDhkwegH4upLBHVUH8obyHdXwhaaoi>in b4 pajeet beggingGood night lads.
I won't let go of my cat tonight.
Please lend me luck Sir Cat-Alot>pic for you guys to help me stay calm.
How is Jihan inflation worse than bitfinex inflation?
EARTH
core devs sold all btc for bch
Shhhh don't anger spoofy.
the king is dead, long live the king!
Daily reminder bcore jewstream is a total shitcoin and BCH is real bitcoin
Pairs will be added quickly, this literally can happen overnight.Wallstreet is smarter than you, they don't sell their hedge in an uncertain market, the only people that sold their BCH are gullible normies.Normies will buy whatever is provided to them, when Coinbase adds BCH normies will start wondering which one to buy when they're listed side by side and will research.
That was a great bit of advice...
pic relatedhave fun buying chinks and korean's whales bags
Have fun not making $$$ today you salty cock smoker.
Proof?
>few months ago>/biz/ goes hype for bch>gonna be the next big thing>literally forgotten and flops within a week>same thing happens again
is korea going to take gains or buy the dip?
https://imgur.com/a/WprQ6EZ money
Just let them be delusional for the third time
BCH continues to dropI'll be honest, I'm a bit buttmad.
I was selling the BCH swings and had my sell set at .1 sats, but it's time to leave BCH for awhile.
Difficulty of mining (and therefore cost:reward of mining) is gonna drop, shits gonna devalue, and people are waking up to it's scammy leadership.
I'm not buying again until it's sub 600, which will likely be by early December.
lmfao shutup you fucking nigger.its gonna skyrocket and take over Bitcoin because it has higher block size limit
Literally pairs being added before you even said that moron.
Go look at wex

take over Bitcoin because it has higher block size limitJust like the last two times a 'flippening' was happening for BCH?
I can say that out of everything, getting into BCH here and reallocating funds has shown me that BCH's faster transfer time is pretty neat.
We goin to 1.3k now boys!
this means the whale's gonna dump at 1k and then laugh at you niggers with big ol bags