The downwards trend of ARK is slowly but surely reversing.
It did go down slightly today, but is going back up.
Better get back on the "boat" if you want to ride the next "pump" as mobile wallets are released soon.
LISK had a good run, it's little brother ARK will soon do the same.
Fellow "arkies" as we're called..
LETS UNITE!
Get in here and let us know your thoughts.. You linkies better FUCK OFF, we don't want you here.
>Enough said
Release of sleek af mobile wallets and the announcement that they've formed an official business entity will moon this to new highs.
After that, there's a massive core update in early 2018.
I was real happy when my 10k ark buyorder at 45k sats filled the other day as it was looking like we were gaining momentum for the next push upwards.. now I look today and see this shit.. what the fuck I always fucking miss buying the dip
Nice I got in exactly at the bottom for 500 euro (cant be arsed to calculate the value in ).
Tell me where we're headed guys
I've only got 200 ARKs if they hit 20 I'll be happy.
10k arkfuck I'm jealous2.5k here
I have 2100 ark.
Sold 400 at 45k, buying back in at 35k ;)
Won't go that low, trust me.
Too much resistance.
Buy at 40...
If we even get that low
Reminder: this is an autism coin run by basement dwelling neck beards.
It draws 4channers in like mosquitos with its neon colored UI but will NEVER be used for anything in real life.
Ever.
priced in idiot, this isn't going anywhere but the trash
If anyone on biz doesn’t have an ark bag then they are truly retardedBiz has been shilling it since $0.20 and it just keeps getting better
priced in.
were still going to the fucking moon you slut
This is the only coin that is run by the users, for the users.
feels good to be deludedcan u please fud more id like to buy more at lower pricethanks
unless BTC goes to 9k Ark isn't going that low
somehow needs to explain to me how this is different than ChainLink other than it interconnects blockchains.Someone give me an example?
of when it is similiar and how it is different?
it is a its own ecosystemit has a working product :)
fucking czeched
chainlink and Ark are absolutely nothing alike in any way shape or form
They both end with the letter k.шaхмaт aтeиcт
Pleb here.
From what site did you guys invest ark in?
Иди нa хyй.
Bittrex
I don't know brah, maybe I can't stand listeningto your jargon anymore.
The fact that you talk alot of shit that you can not back makes mebelieve that you do a lot of shilling and not a lotof coding.
How Can you give advice to peoplewithout truly understanding what you aresaying?
The answer is you can't ..... You can nottell someone something without knowing if itworks or not.
You have no experience with the Oracle problemYou hardly know anything.
Everything you doknow you read in a shitty biz thread (like this one) or stole from someoneelse.
You have no factual evidence that itworks.
You just take quotes you heard from that fat fuck that hung out in the bathroom during the ENTIRE Sibos Conference and post them as your own....As anaspiring Dev, who has actually spenttime working at an ICO, watching and criticizingand experimenting.
Stop posting.
You don'tknow what you're talking about.
Link is fucking trash...I know it, everyone else here knows it...and you know ittoo.
I'll grant that the ark foundation's formation is likely already priced in, and really isn't a strong development in any case, as it doesn't necessarily help the profit motive for the coin.
However, the mobile wallet is a huge development that can't possibly be priced in, because people don't know how good or bad it is yet.
The coin's near-term success is entirely dependent on how well the mobile wallet functions, as that is an indicator of the team's continued ability to execute on goals and produce quality, useful tools.If the mobile wallet is as good as the desktop wallet, I see this hitting a new ATH, primarily because the only cryptos with functional mobile wallets are pretty much all in the top 10 cryptos (and, keep in mind, all those mobile wallets are third party apps, which means they were largely developed in response to market needs; the fact that the Ark team is anticipating and proactively responding to those market needs is a good sign in and of itself).
BTC @ $9k is a real possibility.That being said, it's interesting that Ark is more or less holding fiat value during BTC run-ups, and is actually gaining when people exit BTC.
Good sign that Ark is an increasingly attractive altcoin for speculators, which will help drive adoption long-term.
I feel real bad when I miss a dump and miss the chance to get 10% more ark for free.
I made my last purchase @ 33k sats, just before the BTC-BCH drama; was disappointed that I didn't get it down @ 28k, but 35k was my planned buy point, and I really didn't want to miss out.>t.
18k Ark bagholder
HELP HELP.
RELEASE SOMETHING FAST AHHHHHHHHH MOMMY WHERE IS ARKVM?
WHERE IS MY MOBILE WALLET?
WHY ARE THE BAD MEN SELLING MOM.
bitcoin is about to break 8K thats why
This is happening right now
2,5k arkfuck I'm jealous320 here
why the fuck does the price not update on the client
350 arkFuck I'm jealous 1 ark here
1 ARKfuck I'm jealous 10 RISE here
I have 1.3k left over to blow on cryptoSell me on ARK and where will this shit honestly be by the end of the year?
how many is needed for delegated staking to be worth anything?Like if I got 20 or 50 ark will is it worth delegating my stake?
works as a connection to everyblockchain out thereat least thats what they want to dobut i hold ark myself so my word means nothing because im deludedjust buy
$6 EOY
4403187Looking at charts its lost 66% of values in the past month.
It peaked mid septemper briefly when before the peak it maintained around 2 to 3 dollars
Nigga buy that shit 20$ eoy easy,100$ eoy 2018 come on dont think too much
Tell me why it will double by years end and 3x by end of 2018
every altcoin tanked the past month
I think that there are two people on /biz/ 1.
Those who own Ark & want the price to come up 2.
Those who own Ark , call everyone deluded , and hope to use their Gainz to buy more at a lower price for the next year (you're the 7th bully who wants to sleep with the girl ) 2.
I have 1k ark i what would I get from staking it?Can I stake on mobile wallets when they come out?Completely new to this one so excuse me
i just told you what they want to do in the shortest way possiblenow either read into it or dont
Oh you sick deluded Arkies!
Just wait until news of last nights conference goes viral and I bathe in your asshole twitching!
The conference yesterday revealed to the world the magnificent visionaries that run this movement.Price has already risen 10%.
Once it breaks through the $4 resistance the FOMO will begin and small holders and speculators will begin to buy more, with the whales making massive market buys.Once it shoots through the $5 mark, unabated ECSTASY will ripe through all ARKies.
With all those who dumped their current accounts into this magnificent crypto laughing hysterycally while refreshing bittrex.The $10 mark will be met, the largest buy-in in history will ensue.
The upgraded Nodes will begin to go into overdrive, and wagecuckers with their engineering salaries loaded up in ARK will be filing in their resignation papers, forging ahead with their massive stacks inside their wallets, unwilling to move it to bittrex to sell a single non-forged ARK unnecessarily.The price WILL skyrocket at this point over $20, and most probably reach top three ICO levels.From that day forward the ecstatic Arkie formerly-wagecucking engineering nerds who bought this coin knowing it had fundamentals will go back to their massive estates, with more money in their current accounts than they could ever use, to be made leaders by the next wave of ARKies arriving to beg for their gibs.Ecstatic ARKies will hold bags FOREVER, with passive income, no worries, and no worldly desires.I warned you noARKies.
There's still time to get in.
Buy NOW.Don't be deluded, don't be a no-ARKie.
What is it with you guys?
Buy a shitcoin, then a whole mess of others flock to the delegate from here, and it's constant shilling droning on and on.
Roughly 1.5ark a week staked with biz_classic
The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
non top 51 delegate detected
>dumped 1k usd into it just yesterday>keeps droppingEarlier today I thought I should sell some to buy lower if it keeps dropping.
I decided against it because it looks to rise at any moment.
>it keeps>fucking >droppingI could have gotten more ark...
ENJOY YOUR FOREVER TWITCHING ASSHOLE ARKIE HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Hello arkies, it's me again.
I think community commitment is the number one reason any coin moons, ever.
I don't own any ark myself but wish you all great gains, you deserve it.
I can't figure out what the fuck this coin is.
Ark isn't for brainlets anon.
Link is the coin of choice for the brainlets.
Ark will tank to sub-ICO levels.Deal with it Arkie
Deluded arkies.Stuttering potheads
THE AMOUNT OF UNABATED DELUSION IN THIS THREAD.
/BIZ/ WAS A MISTARK
Only have 3250, how fucked am I in Q1 2019?