Big things happening for ODN in the next few weeks.
Long term holders have been buying up more masternodes over the past month with the alt crash.
Anon, do you want to stay poor with your NEO and ARK bags?
shht!
i'm waiting for my paycheck.
Reporting.
M
pls get on an actual exchange so I can start trading this shit properly.
Bought 1250 @ 3350 sats.
Might buy some more if it dips before december.
I hope we shoot past $0.99 this time
I only have one masternode.
Will I make it?
Glad to see they went with a BTC inspired block explorer instead of that shitty version I saw earlier.
I feel like the main reason this isn't at least a 50m market cap is because reddit normies don't want to go on cryptopia or hitBTC.
Yes, just keep staking.
ODN Bros GET IN HERE NOW!
Living the good life getting 20-40 ODN per day staking.
This could easily get to a 100m marketcap with some normie reddit exposure.
How much staking rewards should I expect with 1250 ODN?
Not sure if I should pull it from the exchange or just keep it there to swing trade
its set at 10% per year, so you would see an extra 125 ODN if you were staking.
nothing.coming from someone who's been staking ~4k for a month or so.
Just accumulate through trading.
do a quick compare with neo just 6-7 months agoshitcoin with less volume than odn, despite being listed on bittrex, still rose well over 400x if you got in early enoughsure, you cant compare coins, but atleast it shows that you should never sell low, it will pump eventuallyODN could very well pull a neo in 2018
blackstone and the team have been delivering some great updates.
Dec 4th has big changes for us, and messenger app around EOY.
kind of curious what TAMICO has cooked up with the relaunch, too.
4446600I keep seeing you two, ODN whales here on biz.
Do you know of any other whales on here?
I spoke to another whale when ODN was first released who lived in Eastern Europe who was running sixteen masternodes.
The only other ODN whales I've seen on biz is the other guy in this thread: .
I've seen if few anons with 2 or 3 masternodes here, though.
I've spoken to plenty on Slack.
This.
The messenger and droid updates have been extremely constant.
Seems the team is getting focused and keen on delivering and putting all the dumb shit behind them.
Please post all your ODN memes.
I want to collect as many as possible.
YOU HAVE EXACTLY THREE MINUTES TO DELETE THIS THREAD.
Better get a quickly in then!
ODN masterrace
I like your bags
Could you please donate some crypto for me?
Please i have nothing.
And no one ever helps me.
where do you buy that
Cryptopia and HitBTC.
god shut the fuck up