https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50aePrice is booming right now.
Will see a 2x anons
df... so is this gonna be the same shit that happened with NEO and china ?
If there was ever a government to fuck up energy supply, it is the Australian Government.
Hope they don't take this coin down with them...>t.
cunt
yes.
Big buy orders are already coming in.
wait until the normies see this
The fact that Tesla batteries are already installed in Aus homes should mean the Aus government won't tamper with it.
Everyone benefits from this kind of technology, even the energy retailers receiving a cut.
>tfw you fall for a pajeet pnd scam and buy the absolute top but then get bailed out by the aussie govFeels good mane
installed in aus homeswhos homes?
tesla batteries are over prices, you have LG and local battery manufacturers that provide that, lots of other cheaper brands too
Fuck, it's too late.
Freemantle.
Population : 1
Not too late lolArticle is super recent.
This thing will pump for the next few hours at least
I hope you're right anon.
What would you expect it to hit?
Any suggestions of where I should pull out for safety?
at like 4000-4250This is really big news for the coin so it may go for new ATH
power holders would end up bag holders for sure.
this shit does not move much with tesla romour/ govt granting means.
there wont be any bigger news for this shit coin.
it will be forever in 20's.
good luck reatards.
Fuck.
Have been meaning to buy this the last few days.
Am I too late biz?
can't even spell rumor correctly.This is actual confirmed news that's legit.
Currently waiting for my exchange to verify me, meanwhile, moons 10% in last 15 mins
retard first rule in crypto, dont fomo unless u want swing trade.
this will come back to low 20's in few days then u can buy if u want bag hold
this guy misses pumps.
If I don't live in Australia can i used the POWR token to buy Australian electricity?
retard, i m in crypto for few yrs, saw bigger news than this shit news.
price will back to same place most of the time
It's falling, hold me.
buy the dip lol
I went in at 3450 =/
4409639Nice English, pajeet
Dude fucking reassure me, please.
Can see it trending down already.
Fucking Pajeets.Aussie is full of the cunts.
kek.. same.
dude it's just ppl taking profits.
Hold.it's already bounced back
pls be patient I'm new and this is all still very stressful
you're the one who needs to be patient xD
thanks anon, i almost went weakhands at 3200
Fucks sake.>all my BTC in my own wallets stored on my desktop>have a busy day ahead of me and won't be home for like at least 6 more hours >BTC is also going to be gridlocked because the casheys be stealing all our hashes Remember me when you're riding in your lambos lads
power ledger tech is also designed to work with tesla battery packs
Well, lesson learned here is that I really need to be keeping some of my coin in btc so I can quickly buy in dips like this.
I have it all tied up in alts and it's too disgusting to move it twice.
Na I fucking pulled out at 3350, 3% loss is alright considering it doesn't look like it'll bounce up to 3470+ again and I fucked up my initial order.
Not too bad to learn a lesson desu.
>tfw sold this shitcoin yesterday during the fake PBC pumpenjoy the bags nerds
whales done accumulating under 3300 now.
3+ threads of this>All point to the same article written by Power Ledger themselves