Daily reminder you are here.
except no
lambo land
Literally dreamt this chart wtf
so, sell everything on may 1st?
No, set your sell order for July
this is pretty much how game changing tech operates, a few months then the market understands it all at once.
we are lucky since link's proposal is so mindblowing that it WILL happen.
Nah, sell it all now and FOMO buy in April.
DONT CLICK ON THAT PICTURE MY LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINK
Say link goes to 10 dollars.
I'd still only have 200k.
I want to money I can retire on.
I want more.
selling at $10 would be like selling Eth in april last yr.
If you just waited another yr you'd have $300/eth.
If you hav more than 5k link youve made it.
Retiring on 2 million dollars is way above the average retirement.
you're right.
better not buy any LINK
that level of delusion
true but $2 million isnt enough if you want to live large, there is no reason to be /biz/ otherwise
Link isn't eth morons$5 by December 2018
I mostly just want to not have to care about money ever again.
for all the FUDsters who don't understandripple went from 50m market cap to 10b market cap within 60 days
Anyone setting a sell target isn't going to make it.
Mass adoption of Chainlink will justify a price beyond anyone's expectations.
That's your fault for being poor
Dumbass, keep it in BTC and cash out slowly BTC will 2x and you'll have 4m or more.
Buying Link right now is like buying Ethereum at 75 cents
>tfw when you don't even need to have pink wojacks in your meme folder because you own over 50k Link.
SHITCOIN AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
also removed all pink wojaksfeels good, man
the temptation might be to sell at 2-3$ once it gets to ark level but this is one to just hold long, it will outperform everything in the nxet yr
how the fuck do you know?
why are you people so emotionally invested in these shitcoins?sell for profit and move the fuck on
because we aren't brainlets like you.
we actually know the difference between shit coins and ones that have a yuge future ahead of them.
have fun gambling with your lunch money.
guy wants to rationally assess not selling at a lower price and not settle for peanuts>"you are emotionally invested!!
"Come on.
Absolute state of /biz.
That is why you would have sold ETH for some bucks and why others already made it by holding 2 years.
Nigga I was here when Ark dropped and was 7 cents.
The cycle always repeats, making $$ is easy just hold the good ones.
yup these are the guys who bought ETH for $8, sold at $15, then flamed nonstop all the "bagholder cucks" when it dipped before mooning.
4269305>every coin that has some potential is the new ETHcome the fuck on, I like LINK as a project but I'm kicking myself for not selling at 10k sats which it will never reach again in a long time.
Know when to take profits
first mover>general use case (can be used for any project)>corporate interest>meme hypeshow me another crypto that has the following aside from ETH?
Well, if something in your holdings suddenly pumps 50-100%, ofc you sell, only to buy back at a later point to increase your stack by 25%.
I can do that every time because I don't hold shitcoins I have to dump at the first possible moment.
Same here anon, 48k LINK.
Do you plan to sell half of your stack at $10 or are you playing the long game?
4269244we're gonna make it brothers, don't stoop down to try to help the helpless.
Even though the truth is right in front of them, they will deny it and are destined to stay poor
it will never reach again in a long timebrainlet.jpg
Mate, a smart contract tokens value CANT BE HIGHER than the units its transfering across its networkHOLY SHIT HOW CAN YOU SERIOUSLY THINK THIS WILL BE AT ETH LEVELS
I remember when i was a deluded Linkie too....
I think $10 is wishful thinking.. $1 - $3.50 seems more likely.
I've got time to accumulate
I will probably sell half at the insane pumps, buy back and take some profits.
I will however never empty my stack.
The possible money printing machine is just too valuable to carelessly give up.
Just holding and not flipping the big pumps will make generate immense opportunity costs, I'd guess.
But then again when ARK, OMG etc took off there was not much room for greedy flipping.
Many people got burned hard and had to buy in at expensive prices.
I bought at 50m.
If this hits only 2b, which is not unreasonable it is only 1/16 of ETH market cap but still x20 if we start regarding this in a realistic way.
It's why you flip with only a portion of your position.
It just sucks when your position is low to begin with.
You really have no idea how big of a deal chainlink is, do you?
Okay no way this can continue, should I sell now and rebuy?
brainlet.png
What the fuck are you talking about?
You do realize they said the same thing about ETH?
That its token's value cant rise because its only for gas?LINK has actually another use aside from paying node operators.
The more LINK a node operator has, the higher his priority for the same type of data.
So you can see why corporate data providers would want to get as much LINK as possible.Plus, LINK supports ETH, BTC, and Hyperledger blockchains so yes it can reach ETH levels.
SWIFT alone transferring over a trillion dollars per day.
calm down buddy, you lost the game.
no need to be upset, there will be other games.
What?
Of course it can.
What if holding that token entitled you to obtain 2 ETH from a smart contract where they were stored?
It would definitely be worth more than 1 ETH.
Their values are basically independent as long as ETH holds enough value to use as money.
It works with BTC and hyperledger and smart contracts are useless without it, dumbass Auscuck.
a smart contract tokens value CANT BE HIGHER than the units its transfering across its networkWait, so is your argument that the value of Link can't be higher than the amount of money processed by the network?How much money do you think mainstream smart contracts will be processing in case of mainstream adoption, exactly?
Can you guys at least pump it back up to $0.45 so I can get my money back?
Thx.
42695584269474Hehe silly posters I fuddled u so u would spoonfeed me.Posted from a comfy place on my iPad :)
bought high>blames coin
What is... An obvious joke.
I got high one night, accidentally stumbled into /biz/, and bought $100 worth after I saw all the shilling.
I take responsibility for it.