BELOW 2000 SATS AAAAAAAHHHHMY LINK, WHY ARE YOU FALLING SO HARDSERGEY WHY HAVE YOU FAILED US?
It's been below 2000 all day.
Why post now?
perfect, I think I'll finish accumulating the majority of my bags tonight.
I'll have 10k link, but I'd like 25k+
>tfw can accumulate cheap
4473876CHNallday
It's ogre.
Seriously.
It's ogre.Congrats on this.
Seriously.
Seriously.
>Yfw /biz/ will dump their link so it will inevitably skyrocket to the moon cause all of /biz/ can't get rich.
Been buying sub 2K sats all day
It has been .14 before.
This is the best time to buy
what was the ico buy in price my dude
about 10c depending on stage
Idiots.
There is a better ERC20 token that is also under 2000 sats, it hasn't even mooned yet.
price in satoshis??
cus i think btc was like 4k at the time, very fuckin sorry for your guys' losses
Which is... ?
here is a clueSee 4 posts above my first postThank me in Decenber
Oh.
Yeah.
Well I already have some of that, so...
Not buyin' LINK?That makes you dumb.We are the LINKers.Never gonna stop.
no volume thre idiot.
bot is buying selling herself.
ehm it's over 2k sats AND up in terms of dollars, what are you on about?let me guess, sold to buy lower and it started going up?
BumpBecause its slightly pumping and we are flipping other coins ofc.
Need PBC to come out first then I can rebuy LINK lol.
This image makes no sense.
Chainlink had nothing to do with confido, and Chainlink probably will work best with ethereum.
this, I recently sold the little BTC I had left and bought ETHnot only is ETH going up, BTC is shit and it's gonna pop eventually


yeeeaahh no.
it would have to die completely before the lightning network exists.
protip: lightning will come out first, and that will be the biggest pump of all: the one to end alts as you know them.i would say be ready for it, but i dont really care if you are.
i already am
% of alts will die, but ltc and vtc will moon aswell with lighting network.
But shitcoins that are just fast transaction and low fees without ln will die
This is like complaint about buying Eth at 1 dollars Vs 2 dollars
i mean, maybe they will i guess.
with the old timer getting the latest tech, and having barely no problems for commerce left, theres really no point in looking at anything else... especially for large investors who dont know anything about the coins.
bitcoin will moon hard, and permanently.
this isnt up for debate.
This constant dumping tells me Chainlink was premined and sold to an unknown number of buyers at a discount by Sergey, to his friends, who have been dumping constantly.Honestly, this is fucking bullshit.
"pre mined"dude it's an ERC20 token, they created 1billion out of the blue, not minedthey sold 32millions in tokens at the ICO, it keeps going down for two resons1.
weak hands selling for minor profit so they dont miss the "btc moonshot"2. manipulation, people setting huge sell orders so they can buy cheaper and accumulate.
4475849also, as long as there's no use for this the demand will be purely from investors, not enough to raise the price.
A single new or partnership or anyone stating they will use it will pump the price.
But sergey is not those OMG devs selling hype, he's working to create a real productor at least, that's what we hope
Remortgaged my house and bought:10k Link --solves the oracle problem10k DigiByte --solves slow transaction problem10k Confido --solves the spare cash problem10k Verge --solves the wraith problem10k Ark --solves the fuck if I know problemAm I going to make it?
10k Confido --solves the spare cash problemPost proof
Link is pumping now
Pack it up boys, time to go home.
No one's going to be a millionaire from this shitcoin.