I sent my BCC to binance about an hour ago.
transaction has 6 confirmations already, but my balance on binance is still zero.
am i fucked or it's alright?
do you see it as pending?
If yes then it's okay.
Nope, just zeroes everywhere
12 confirms alreadycan i do anything if nothing happens?
Probably has something to do with the fork.Don't worry.
It's not lost as long as you sent it to the correct address.
Checked the address several times already.
Thanks, anon.
I think i'll just wait
Dont worry about it, BCH = 0.0 sat anyways.
Its displaying the proper amount.
message their support teamBittrex got back to me within the hour
Was about to make this exact fucking thread"Immediately after 2 network confirmations" my assHow long should I wait before reeeing at their support?
I have 14 of them already.
Reeeing rn
Why are you sending it to Binance anyway?
They dropped the quickest when Bithumb crashed.
takes 30 conformations on binance
They're the only ones trading LINKAlso for binansial dransagtions :DDDD
don't worry, it'll arrive
If you're still hereThat's what they said
Still not showing up after 23 confirmations, just sent a ticket.Out of curiosity how long did it take them to respond?
I wanna buy my fucking LINK but I also need to wake up in about 7 hours
 confirmations AND message to supportStill nothing
 minutes approx.But it hasn't done much
Dhank yuo binance :DDDDI guess I'll just have to fucking wake up earlier tomorrow and hope I don't fuck up the trade while half-asleep (and hope there's no BCH crash during the night)
Yep, same here.Night, anon
Goodnight
lol.
bch is gonna crash by the time u wake up pussy
no its alright, stop fearing that guy, took 30 mins at my ransaction.
Binance is just slow
Well it's been two and a half hours since the transaction was confirmed, 40 minutes since I sent a support ticket, and 15 minutes since they said they'll fix it "asap".I said good fucking night, if BCH dies I'll fucking give up and liquidate all my BTC into links
Update: it's been almost an hour and a half since support replied and around three and a half hours since I made the transfer.
There are 51 confirmations.Good exchange