How do you guys deal with the money you've lost the last few months.
Not everyone has.
But most of you here, myself included, only hold alts.
How do you deal with the justings?
>omg>neo>waves>stratis>Factom>golem>basic attention token>first blood>I/Ocoin>stellar>ethereum>Monero>ripple >and almost all the other alt coinsWith the exceptions of a few days if you bought these in the last 2-6 months, you have less bitcoins than when you bought them.
Not to mention the latest fall flavoured coins that everyone's lost on.
How do you guys cope knowing about all the money you lost.
Myself I've lost 70% of my BTC value since august.
Mostly buying into Link at the topIt's got me depressed again.
Some days borderline suicidal.
The only thing that keeps me going is the idea that I can still "make it"-biz bro since January
First of all: You are a stupid garbage eating idiot for not holding BTC.Second: IOC and stellar are the only ones to hold, sell others.
Buy into ETP and BCH and be fucking rich
Went from .93 btc, to 1.1 btc, back down to .85 btc all within the last 20 hours.
Shit is rough man
Couldn't care less because I won't be a newfag buying WAVES in 2020
Just took a break from crypto , and i always have 20% free to ride moonmissions like ZEN and ETP made enough to be on top even tho OMG and NEO did allot of bleeding
I'm in this game since late june, fell to -50% of my investments, then pumped to +80% in september.Holding IOC and OMG, i'm now at 0% of my investment (so havn't lost money yet) but I feel so depressed...Tell me there will be a new alt season.
I haven't lost money on alts these past few months you idiot.
I made a fuckload of money on ELIX, Kyber, and Link, then sold for BTC like any sane person with a stop loss for the BTG fork and another one for the next one, still waiting on ETH to moon but seems very strong.Stop being fucking retarded and figure out what works.
Hedge your bets, man.
If you're not hedging you're fucking up.
All you have to do is create a strategy for holding alts.
I literally can't lose money with the strategy I have and make 30-40% profits on every trade I do.
Of course I've missed out on bigger gains and had to pass on moon missions that didn't meet my requirements but if you can create a reliable system where if x happens and y happens then you buy with 90% confidence then you will never have to feel justd with alts.
please elaborate:x = ?y = ?Much appreciated, I won't poo in your street
your picks are good man.
relax, hold and wait for another alt season
I cut my losses and went big in btc
Just look at the 6 month charts for almost any alt coins.
Don't look at usd graphs
create parameters for your strategy for example if x= the price falls below a certain % of the ath and y= a trendline pointing to a rise in price 30% above the x price then I will buy.
The stricter you make your strategy the safer you will be but then from there you can alter your strategy and improve it to result in higher gains while still maintaining a high degree of confidence.
i held around 40% btc.recently i said 'fuck it' and sold most of my alts.
never looked back.
got JUSTed for way too long, and it will only continue.
sit on the loss and hope it recovers in most cases it did for me
I had only 0.05 so I can be a pajeet and beg1L1718A9Wn6gCs6gBdToE6zU73JfeWFs1v
Went from about 2.2 BTC to ~1BTC.
At least things are starting to recover a little.
Still shit sucked.
I got by the last month by shitposting on here with pink wojacks, making a few OC memes, and working on a sort of running thread.
It gets me by I guess.