Hey /biz/ out of all the forks and nonsense going on.
what /biz/ driving?
Model 3 :)
Giant defy

 spending money on a cari put everything i have in crypto, i could buy a lambo now but the opportunity costs to even buy a small car are too high for me, ALL IN BABY
i mean, i am op, so i am a faggot.
but where i live you need a vehicle, hella spaced out suburb.
'85 RX7
And my XR8 Falcon
ayyy mint the 85 rx7 is a beautiful car.
anyone who says other wise is a fag.
Twingo.
In this color.
hello Achmet
My bikeAs in: bicycle
you live in the UK anon?
Hyundai accent
What is wrong with me car?
I'm actually not Achmet nor anyone from that area.But i guess they get drove alot by Anele's


Cheers anon it was my first car I don't think I'm ever gonna sell it
2007 WRXDecent mileage, easy to work on, fairly quick, reliable if you don't rice the fuck out of it, AWD, great resale value.
I drive this
southeastern europe
that looks so comfy manold jap cars are nice
WRX was my 2nd option over the frs.
Before tho,i was tryna snipe a 2017 camaro with 9k miles on it for 13k, but those naggers at the dealer never anwsered and copped the frs.
great 4 cylinder car love the subaru motor.
>OP is just 18
Oh yeah at 18 I bet your insurance is wayyy cheaper on an FRS too.
I needed the AWD for winters here but always liked the BRZ/FRS.
where i live there is no chance for a winter, hurricane irma scurred me doe with the floods.car too low aint riskin it.
Unreliable, power everything English piece of shit.
Lucky I'm making so much in crypto or this car would have ruined me.Super cool car though.
Nissan versa 2011
Hello Milos / oktavian
lambosfrom reception to the parking lot
2011 Accord and it's comfy as fuck
fav car of all time 300zx twin turbo
props, i had this car, lot of fun, zero fuel usage lolnow i have this (pic related)
More than you could afford pal
How'd a nitwit like you get so tasteful?
not a nitwithad a g35 before the frs and loved the vq motor plus family members had 2 of these one green one red.
beautiful car.
i was asking what you driving not how much buster.
I don't care about how much gas I burn like most of you fags
Z32s are such nice cars Friend has a tt with a heap of stillen factory gear.
Goes hard as
AHAHAH I FEEL THS.
Can easily buy most of my dream shit but why when I can just hodl and buy 10.
guys, did you see this?vitalik is trying to greentext on twitter, he's definitely on 4chanHI VITALIK, I LIKE ETHER, TY
pigfat
My dad's 2006 corolla4366874sweetThat subtle off-white coloring, the tasteful thickness of it
JewpSame as pictured except the rims.
muh nigerian.
what year, I drive an 04
2017 e300
'77 cb550fbeep beep