Are there any coins worth putting money into for a masternode?i have a few thousand $ but im not sure if its worth it.was looking into Bitcloud(BTDX)
pivx
,000$ seems a little steep
btdx is great if you actually manage to accumulate enough coins for a MN.
was only 1000$ back in marchyou just need to get in early enough faggot
B3
ODN
MEME on bittrex gives around 8$ a day, it fluctuates a lot so a node is only a couple of 1000$'s
REQ
Amanda B on my Johnson goes BPBPBPBPPBBBBPBBPBBPPBPBPPBBBPBPBPBBPBP
Wallies for life WTC
Get a COLX masternode then, only about 1kSwitched to pivx source code, press tab from pivx was envoled, basically it’s PIVXlite
Masternodes.proThis site is great for info
will share a good one here with MN planned for 2018 once I'm done accumulating in the next few weeks.
Keep your eyes peeled.
is it this one with the "unoffical" roadmap posted a few days ago?
;^)
There's CRDS on coinsmarkets which is currently trading at around 700 sats.
5k for a masternode, so .035 BTC, the cheapest I've found so far.
Also, the masternode payments are gonna double next year (at the expense of miner rewards so inflation stays constant), which is pretty sweet.https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1944858.0if you read through you can see the interesting development this coin has had.
Started off strong, died completely due to pajeet fuckery, was taken over by white people and is now running strong again.
Constant low-level development.idk if I'll regret posting about it here but I'm out of BTC anyway.
It's worth a look for you small fish who can afford .035 BTCThere are only like 100 people in their Discord right now and the coin has been under the radar for ages, it kind of pulled a Verge / Bitbean in that it died and came back stronger than ever.
I expect it to be a solid 10k sat/50 cent coin in the future unless BTC really skyrockets from herehttp://explorer.crds.co/
My golden ticket to the chocolate factory
VIVO
Guize i already claimed Amanda as my cryptofu, so please respect that and don’t post rare Amandas.
Syscoin is enabling Masternodes very soon, price will likely moon after.
Pretty cheap now, might as well get in while you can!