Fuck me in the arsehole.
I'm not a trader, but after everyone and their mom predicted a second peak for BCH, I thought I'd try and make a little profit on the side and sent everything over (about an hour and a half ago).What do now?
Cut my losses and buy high, sell low?
Or hodl for like 10 more hours?
I'd like to go to sleep if at all possible, but if the optimal course of action here is watch my screen until it bounces back to 0.26 at least then I could wait 2-3 more hoursFuck me, after this I'm putting everything in Link, sticking my wallet pasphrase on a post-it to my monitor, and hanging myself
just wait you fucking impatient idiot
chinks about to dump in a couple hours
Just fucking hold it dude.No one knows what's going to happen in the future.
damn dude, better sell right now
Just hold.
Give it a day and wait for the hardfork.
You total prick.You should have bought in last week when everyone was shilling it here.But no, you bought in after a massive fucking dump.Everyone has already cashed out.
I cashed out this morning and bought Ethereum and Confido after doubling money.You need to act faster.
Never chase pumps after a dump like today.
SOURCE?
STOP POSTING RANDOM BULLSHIT YOU FUCKING PIECE OF NIGGER SHIT HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE IN A FUCKING FIRE
Buy high sell low like the biz way
hodl you retard, you'll 2x your investment within 30 days
4329503Indeed try to keep at it!
These are crazy times.
Hard fork happening right now, difficulty adjustment imminent.
Get ready to get dumped on.
Fuck you allI thought the chinks were supposed to pump according to another random anon4329588So is the hardfork good or bad?No one knows what's going to happen in the future.Then I should split half back to BTCI'll wait for like three more hours, then either get back to where I was and never trade again or start pink wojak posting
I'm not a traderAnd you jumped into most volatile trade there is atmYou have to trade yourself out of this.
I assume there will be peak.
Just dont be greedy and set order to dump for a little profit
All morons that bought at ath yesterday will be on suicide watch in 12hrs because this scam is going back to 400$
Split back into BTC?
WTF you will be waiting until you die for your transactions to go through.Get into Ethereum which is a safe haven from this shit at the moment.
Isn't ETH steadily dropping right now?
You're right though, maybe I should like get into XMRStill though, if BCH is actually going to die then BTC will most likely spring back up.
IDFK
Here we go!!!!
Buy high sell low kys
waitforchinathe price is steadily rising already.
just calm the fuck down
There have been a lot of predictions these last days.
Weeks.
Months.
Hey at least segwit is still switched on right...
If it follows yesterday pattern, there will be a HUGE pump at about 2AM to 4AM.But I never really understood what time has to do with pumps, I mean, they are already awake, its like 11 AM there now.
Is it though?
It seems to me like it's been fluctuating back and forth like mad
Fuck, you’re dumb and clearly don’t like free money.
they can't do everything on their own.
BTC/BCH is a war between east and west.
As soon as most the west sleeps, BCH will pump.
when asia sleeps, BTC pumps.
eventually they'll even out, but asia seems to have far more money and people willing to invest, that's why the pumps are so fucking crazy on the BCH side
Haha fuck you and all the retards who fomo bought the biggest pump and dump in history.
Get fucking rekt
See, the thing is, I was *trying* to pump and dumpBut clearly I'm retarded
Don't feel bad, man.
I bought at the same point.
Cashed out and lost 20%.
I would rather spend the next month trying to get the 20% back.
Staring at the charts and realizing it could be dumped any minute is making my hair fall out.
Alright it's going upNOW TELL ME /biz/Is this a proper dump or just another random fluctuation that will be gone in 5 minutes
kek, the salt is real
I have no idea, but it seems to be steadly rising, wont get to 0.3 though.
If by 2AM that shit is still like that, try to break even.
What 2 am?
It's 2 am for me right nowBut yeah I'd love it to get back to 2.7.
I'm not looking to make a profit unless an actual massive pump very obviously happens

Ok, would it be dumb to go to sleep for six hours now?
Chinese pump doesn't seem to be happening very much.
Yesterday I went to sleep to basically this, though, and came back to like 0.3
Litecoin and Ethereum are okay
Anon, I recommend selling that shit now, unless you want to HODL for an eventual pump, the koreans are actually selling BCH instead of buying.
BCH will test 1000 before doing another rise.
You fucked up bro
the koreans are actually selling BCH instead of buyingFuckittyWelp, sold.
List like $100-$150 in the process, so nothing to an hero over, but still mighty annoying.>inb4 it gets fucking pumped overnight and I wake up to 0.4