Realistically, how high do we see Link going by EOY?$1 is honestly a bit disappointing considering all the moon missions happening right now.
So I hope it can somehow get to $3-4 around that time or at least by Q1 2018.
so sell and go jump on your "moon missions".
i'm sure that'll work out.
Honestly, I don't know.
I am slowly giving up on this shit.
Fucking LINK is possibly my worst and most frustrating investment ever to be made by my hands.
I just hate it how this retarded shit coin just can't hold a decent level after any given increase or pump and literally just fucking bleeds EVERY TIME BACK TO BASE VALUE.
But whatever, I keep holding my 51k shit until it does something.My luck is that I did 50% all in a few days ago and bought 810 ETC, which mitigates every loss I made with my other shitcoins and makes holding much comfier.
Still unbelievable how shitty a coin can performance with that much billion dollar industry/company partnering and backing.
It's like having a bad dream and just not waking up from it because it's a cruel joke of the markets/universe in general.Also I don't know why it would ever increase anyway.
It is like 61m, which is a lot anyway.
What possible reason could there be that anybody who actually uses this token would want the price to increase?
It would make the usage of the technology just more expensive.
As a company, I wouldn't want this.
Only speculators want a higher price of Link.
I feel like it is only a "cryptocurrency" in order to finance the technology and development behind it, but not for the sake of being a currency.
It would make the usage of the technology just more expensive.brainlet detected
look at rippletoken is uselessmarket cap - 9bn
Ok, dear Mr. Faggot, go ahead and give one fitting reason why any company that actively uses the Chainlink technology wants to have the fueling resource aka LINK token to be more expensive, in order to pay more for the oracle service?
Nobody ever could give a reasonable explanation so far.
Link could be a million dollars a piece and the price of the oracle service in fiat wouldn't change.
decimal places you fucking retard
Link is basically the new Ripple.
The $0.20 range is its new home.
Every “moon mission” will be no more than $0.30, or $0.40 if you’re really lucky, but sell quick because it will always return to the $0.20 range
link wont moon until march earliest, late may is probably more likely
why would anyone want BTC to be more expensive, in order to pay more for fees?why would anyone want ETH to be more expensive, in order to pay more for gas?nice self portrait btw
They'd pay the same amount idiot.
LINK token is divisible into 18 decimals.
They won't even need to physically go to an exchange and buy the LINK because this thing eats smart contracts and fiat exchange for breakfast.
feeling the same.
i bought most of my holdings at presale.
could kms for not selling at least at sibos.
i also dont think we will c any increase in price over the next month.
a lot of people who just want to get rid of their bags.
still hodling my 175k hoping for the Bestcheers
12 cents
4302781This would even be LESS reason for the token to ever increase in price if the LINK cost for oracle service is variable and never changes in fiat.
Then you could even fucking kill the LINK token from the technology as fuel.
It will increase in price as Smartcontract gets used more, meaning Chainlink expands, meaning Link tokens will be in greater demand.Supply and demand.
Well, the brainlets don't understand that there is actually no force that would want the token to increase in price.
FUCK YOUR DIGITS ASSHOLES THEY DON'T CHANGE A THING.
If the price gets manipulated into the ground forever because it is cheaper for anybody who uses it, especially when there are still twice as much tokens "reserved", we won't see any benefits anytime soon because it couldn't even rise due to "high demand".
Please just kys now
no force that would want the token to increase in priceHow about good old supply and demand?
That is the only hope.
But if it is true, what random anons say, namely that the FIAT price NEVER changes, it doesn't even matter what price a LINK token is.
Then the project could also be worth 1m$ to actually work.
then explain how and why ripple or other usless crap sitting in top 10 mooned?hmm?now imagine what's gonna happen with chainlink when real world demand kicks inI hope you won't hold any at that time, I want to see you miss out
No Link is required to run nodes.
Nobody actually needs Link to run one.
The only reason the price might rise is big businesses which received free Link driving up the price so that nobody can actually compete with their node size so that they will always get prioritized and buying an equivalent amount of Link would be ruinously expensive for new comers.
Otherwise the only thing that will raise it is speculation.
If corporations adopt and decide to not seek out to stomp out opposition then Link is turbo fucked.
That is the only hope.Yes, a project being successful is that project's only hope.Where do you retards keep coming from?>if it is true, what random anons say, namely that the FIAT price NEVER changes, it doesn't even matter what price a LINK token is.
Then the project could also be worth 1m$ to actually work.Look up "supply and demand" and how it affects the price of something.
He said that the fiat price of an API call would not change in fiat, not that price of a LINK token would not change in fiat
new ripple sounds great.
see you in the top 5 :^)
Supply and demand will dictate the price of Link.> The only reason the price might rise is big businesses which received free Link driving up the price so that nobody can actually compete with their node size so that they will always get prioritized and buying an equivalent amount of Link would be ruinously expensive for new comers.
All of this is bullshit.Read the white paper.
Token staking, priority, reputation, ... work nothing like what you're claiming.
>x5 in 2 months is disappointingFuck off back to pol you low iq inbred
>ripple also mooned so LINK will also moonAre you fucking dimwits?
That is not even a real argument but pure desperate garbage talk.
It can also be for XRP the case at any given moment that the token is worthless because nobody wants expensive ressources.
That is also why XRP locked up billions of tokens to manipulate the price.You guys can't give a single fucking argument why the price would increase, which makes me even more sad as a holder.
I don't fucking care about your emotional clinging to the illusion "IT MUST MOON!!1".
I just want cold, hard facts why it would make sense that the price increase.
Not only so I feel comfier holding, but also so I can give explanations and arguments to others who don't know or believe LINK may increase if you are convincing.
So fuck your retarded LINK-loving ideology and argue on rational, analytical levels.Everybody that is convinced in a logical way = less FUD and more understanding = better for LINK and every investor
I have almost zero idea about investing/daytrading, yet I can't understand you retards crying how volatile this coin is.If their technology is so good and it has good companies on their side, then why don't you just fucking buy 2k$ of LINK and hold it for half a year or so?It's pretty much as low as it can get right now, I don't see how it can go lower than this, WITH ALL THE HYPE around it.I don't know what kind of bankroll managment or risk principles you are having, probablly none, since you cry about intraday moves.. but holy shit.
I guess LINK could be traded intraday as a daytrade, but this is a long term investment.
Fucking invest couple of k's into it, forget about it and just carry on with your life for the next few months.
Check what its price is here and there and what their plans are.I mean, I know almost nothing about cryptocurrencies and trading/investing as I've said, but can someone that has any idea validate that I'm on the right path with this thinking?Are people on /biz/ really that fucking retarded and desperate to cry about their 50$ and not go to work for a month, earning 1 or 2k$.
Be a wagecuck or w/e, just get your ass off and save some money up.
so sell.
I'm looking to buy some nice dips here.
I want it back below 2700, think you could swing that?
my 51k won't matter in the grand scheme of things.
but let me tell you: if you can only contribute "THEN SELL I BUY" then you're deluding yourself anyway.
you don't realize you're only hurting yourself if you can't give any proper arguments to dispel possible FUD.
I could sit here all day and write a treatise for you, but here's the thing: you're not worth it.
sell and / or kys.
4303022there is no hype around it, it only has this weird autistic cult following on /biz/, elsewhere its not talked about.furthermore there are lots of other oracle ICOs being released this year which have potentially better products
You're absolutely correct, the price won't increase.
It will stay under 50 cents for the rest of its existence.
Sell your LINK now and pat yourself on the back.
You deserve it, you genius you.
furthermore there are lots of other oracle ICOs being released this year which have potentially better productsname 1
mfw BTC is $20k and a latte still costs 4 BTC
Majorly deluded.
Link won't moon til late 2018 or 2019.
Expecting anything sooner will result in a bad time.
4303070I case you didn't quite grasp that: it is not even (only) for me, but possibly for 1000 other investors as well who would benefit YOU.
But you couldn't give any arguments anyway, so you hide behind random tough talk like a little nerdy deluded knowitall.
Nobody could give insightful arguments so far.
That is the problem.The problem with Chainlink is just that a completely retarded community with 50% complete idiots is backing the project at the moment.
If anybody doesn't deserve to make money, it is rather shitcunts like you.
look on the ICO sites there is literally like half a dozen.here is one with a bigger team than link, more code already developed and will have a bigger token sale/more resources.https://mobius.network/
Wrong, you need some link to bid on a contract.
And link quantity is a factor in oracle selection.
So to the contrary, we might see link whales dominating the oracle space
REQ before LINK quite honestly.
LINK 2-3 years from now?
Serious fucking potential.
REQ right now though?
A .3-.5 potentially and that's a really easy 4-5x.
If you bought at 370 even better.
a bunch of slow poke followers trying to take down the first mover.
happened with bitcoin and ethereum too :^)
you're just too stupid to understand the business model of the token.
You hope someone is gonna spoon feed you so you can be all comfy and shit?forget about it, just sell if you're weak handed already, Link is not for brainlets
4303200>hurr durr I can predict the timing of exactly when a coin will moon
The year is 2025.I woke up at exactly 6:00.
I need no alarm clock.
Two women woke me by sucking my cock.
I gave 0.000001 LINK to each of the women as a tip.
Three women helped me into the shower, all while caressing me and drooling at my ChainLink wallet.
They also came instantly after seeing my balance.I left my 50 acre mansion and got in my gold-plated 2030 Lamborghini Murcielago (custom made for me after the dealer saw my LINK) and another one of my bitches was waiting in the passenger seat.
She was in the car all night, because she couldn't sleep without me having penetrated her.
She hopped on me and started riding my dick while I squeezed her tits and drove with my knees.
In a whim, I arrived at the gym.
I threw the bitch off me, and she quickly returned to the passenger seat, where she would sit until I got back.
When I got out the car, I flexed.
My bulging, huge, muscles ripped my Gucci shirt off, and six women lined up.
We had an orgy, which didn't last too long.
Each woman climaxed when my cock came within five inches of her pussy, and went into an eternal state of euphoria after seeing my ChainLink wallet.
I came, and transferred .00000000001 LINK to each of the women.After benching seven hundred kilograms, I squatted nine hundred kilograms.
I started doing my 100 laps, but I got a phone call.
It was a conference call with nineteen supermodels.
They orgasmed after hearing my voice.
My bitch in the car was getting lonely, so I went back.
She sucked me off as I took the drive back home.
I left her in the car, transferred .000000001 LINK to her, opened the diamond-encrusted knob and went inside.
yes, because more pajeets and more code in public repositories means a better productin case you didn't quite grasp my post, sell your LINK already, pat yourself on the back, and move on with your life.
Staying in this conversation will just prove that you're fudding.
Can you read?
yes and yes
That is a solid argument for once, if it is true.Don't get me wrong, I think the technology is groundbreaking, but from an investment perspestive I still didn't get why it would ever increase.
Also it is not confidence inspiring that all ADHD millennial faggot "investors" immediately get butthurt like total morons as soon as you ask critical questions instead of just answering them.
This is especially not a red flag.
Don't get me wrong
It's estimations based on projection statuses.
REQ will be set before Paypal and you'll be seeing a big update in 2-3 months.
LINK is unfortunately going to take another 365 days x1-3 before we see anything substantial.
Enjoy your bag holding if you want, it'll be a while.
-not*
Reported
yes, you said that already.
and i called you an idiot
But they arent just an oracle service.
They are trying to do all kinds of things, so much I think they are hopelessly spread thin.
And they are specific to their mobius platform.
If mobius as a platform isnt adopted, their oracle solution is worthless.
Chainlink can be adopted to any private or public blockchain offering smartcontract capability.
Think about how versatile that is?Mobius?
GTFO, I don't even think their oracle solution is decentralized
What possible reason could there be that anybody who actually uses this token would want the price to increase?
It would make the usage of the technology just more expensive.
As a company, I wouldn't want this.Literally the exact same thing people said about ETH.
you said name 1 and I did>slow pokethey have more money and more developers.problem with chainlink is its just a fucking json parser, the barrier to entry is so low.
Yes, yes you're a bag holder who thinks LINK will rise in less than a year from now.
You're stupid, we get that.
:^)
EOY 2017?
$1.
EOY 2018?
$300.
Holy shit in buying 100000 link now
and you're a cuck who got REQ'T :^)
just a fucking json parserah yes, this classic FUD.
lmao
Actually I sold at 950 from 370, and will be buying back in at 500.
I also bought LINK before at ICO and sold at .48, and bought in on REQ after.
The fact that you think just hodling is a smart thing to do makes me super smug.
Buying REQ when it goes back down to 500.
I'm out of the thread now, but keep hodling those bags for another year lol.
json parsers are so easy to make, christ I can make one in 5 minutes.
worthless.
do people really still care about this?the speculators have moved on, youre going to have to wait a year or two for them to actually release something before people bother with this again
Link is basically the new Ripple.
The $0.20 range is its new home.LINK the new ripple?
At 9 billion market cap?
Count me in.
I have no response and there are dozens of other oracle ICOs of which atleast 1 may end up being superior to link, so i'll just scream fud and post meme facesyour bags must be getting heavy
name one that is decentralized and isn't bound to a single platform/blockchain, and where all the devs arent god awful pajeets.
And I'll invest into that one
yeah you figured it out man it's all a scammight as well cut your losses and sell all your LINK now
2030 Lamborghini MurcielagoWhy did Lamborghini put this back into production?Apart from this that's a pretty realistic story tbqhwyf
post the chainlink github and commits for this and i'll buy your link bags>oh wait it doesnt exist :^)
Pump signals:https://discord.gg/nNxfQmP
Nobody gives a shit about trying to refute your argument because you're not listening to anyone and are either A) not understanding a single thing because you're a fucking moron or B) ignoring everything everyone says because you're fudding.
Either way you're an idiot who hasn't read the whitepaper and you should sell ALL your link right now
that reading abilities.
No wonder 95% are just full retard investors here.
i won't give you any arguments because you're not worthy if you ask questions because basically you're fudding if you dare to ask anything
waaaah waaaah nobody is spoon feeding me waaaah must be because ur all dumb Sell all your link and kill yourself
when someone falls for the json parser fuddont you have something better to do than try to communicate with retards like us?
4303585linkies exhibit cult like behavior.anyone who even questions the project is just deemed a heretic
4303600>ask valid questions to incite logical discourse>"WE DON'T SPOONFED YOU"Such strong human qualities.
The entire crypto market is all about "crypto X did well, so should crypto Y".In fact ANY market is like that.Remove yourself from the premises you literal brainlet.
You keep asking the same questions even though they've been anwered.Like "hurr why wud token value???"
this is a fallacy.Look at the stock market.in the USA 4% of equities account for 90% of returns (think of google, apple, microsoft, netflix, big banks etc.
)every time there is a new start up, its declared, startup X is the new facebook.
But in reality 99% of them fail.probabilistically link has like a .01% chance of becoming the next XRP if we follow this model
No they have not.
It also appears like 99% of the cult followers have no clue how to answer anyway.
I don't either, but I am not too ashamed to ask and don't care really.
I am not too ashamed to ask and don't care really.might as well come out of the closet now while you're at it
when someone doesn't argue with you it can only mean that they are incapable of itmaybe if you read the whitepaper i'd argue with you but since you're here wondering why the coins will increase in value I can tell you didn't
You seem quite knowledgeable.
Shill me on some coins.
LINK?
It's not a fallacy.
There are examples of successful stocks, therefore other promising stocks can be successful too.>in the USA 4% of equities account for 90% of returnsSo?The top 1% pay nearly 50% of all taxes.
Doesn't mean the rest doesn't.And Link is E A S I L Y in the top 4% most promising cryptos.Very few cryptos have the industry exposure Link has had.It was the only outside crypto dev to be invited to do a PoC for Swift, and showcase it at SIBOS; one of the premier finance conferences.
4303817lol I guess he's not very knowledgeable.
I personally answered a bunch of your questions, including "why would the value increase".
Yes, it may be in the top currencies.
Yes, the tech is very good and for fucks sake I haven't seen so much manipulation and (very bad) memes in a single coin for some time which is usually a good sign.
Only the legions of retarded cult-like shills are tiresome and not really beneficial at all.
But the basic question remains: is it smart to buy/hold now or just buy in 3-6 months and will it really ever significiantly rise?
I mean selling at literally every slight pump was just the better choice.
Every holder just got fucked every time he held.
No gains ever stayed, just like nobody is seriously having enough confidence this coin will go where everybody promises it may go unlike all the talk of "iron hands" and "we hold".Good tech just never promises any gains.
There are many other good projects who are completely ignored due to lack of hype/marketing/attention.
what are incentives?In order for more companies to set up nodes?
People will be interested on this if it's profitable
is it smart to buy/hold now or just buy in 3-6 monthsif you wanna time the market like that, go right ahead.
i ain't tempting fate, at least not with the majority of my stack.
Well, you're right.
Holding and deleting from Bockfolio may be the obvious choice if you're determined to hold.
Timing the market rarely goes right anyway.
But the basic question remains: is it smart to buy/hold now or just buy in 3-6 months and will it really ever significiantly rise?I'm a busy person in my daily life, I simply dropped a bunch of money into Link and "forget" about it; meaning I watch it once a week, but won't sell for a long time.
What will Links price be after the 16th?
That's when alts should start taking off again, no?
As far as why the LINK token would increase in value1.
Companies pay nodes in LINK for data.
This can be a set amount of money In fiat so the fluctuation may not matter to the companies getting the data, but it's simple supply and demand.
More companies use nodes which they pay in LINK = more demand = higher price.2.
Amount of LINK held by node operators signifies higher trust rating and will therefore have more companies using their node.
It would be beneficial for node operators to hoard LINK therefore decreasing supply = increasing price3.
Traders speculating on the coin, just like with any other cryptocurrency will drive the price up as well.
Ripple by far my worst investment, by a long shot
it was alrdy confirmed that Request & Confido & Delphi will all use Chainlink and I'm sure FCT as well and SWIFT...this is going to moon so hard
check out EBET https://ethbet.io/.
I swapped my LINK to it becuase it's a great /biz/ coin too and they'll actually have a working product on the ETH blockchain WAY sooner than chainlink will.good luck oP.
"Dream team"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Smartcontract.com isn't the only company to ever show off crypto at sibos.And they WERE NOT A FUCKING SHOWCASE
I said it was the only outside crypto dev to be invited to develop a PoC for Swift, and they were the only outside crypto who got to showcase their stuff at SIBOS.>And they WERE NOT A FUCKING SHOWCASEWhat the fuck are you talking about?
lmao
THEY WERE NOT A SHOWCASE.
GOT IT???
ALRIGHT ALREADY OVER HERE
Hhhhnnnngngngng!
YAAAAAS!
He was a speaker on the 16th at 10:15am under 'swiftlab'.https://www.sibos.com/conference/conference-programme/bridging-dlt-and-swift-messaging-smartcontractcom-innotribe-industry
... as the only outside crypto dev.
Showcasing a year of PoC development, also as the only outside crypto dev.With direct involvement of BNP Paribas, Barclays, Santander, Societe Generale, and Fidelity.
someone just dumped 300k+ coins