
Why this over neo, nuls, gas, and etp?
Already has dapps running.
Airdrop for CCTime (next snapshot 25th november).New partnerships; 'The community of Bottos will be open for registration on November 15, so there is a big surprise!
Specific time and more details please pay attention to WeChat public number and the official website, so stay tuned!'
Oh and $11m MC leaves so much room for growth.
Volume?Bullish.
http://bbs.asch.io/topic/2302/approaching-asch
At the moment three DAPP’s are about to be launched on the Asch platform.
One of them, CCTime, is currently in its airdrop subscription phase.
XAS holders who subscribe will be rewarded with CCTime tokens.
Kwisdom, a market-predicting project, will be published soon as well as BBviews (a blockchain media service).
After the launch of the DAPP’s the team will shift focus to improve essential services, SDK, wallet experience and underlying performance including efficiency and privacy.Asch recently announced a strategic alliance with Bottos, a decentralized AI company.
By setting up these alliances Asch wants to promote the development of the blockchain industry in a broader sense.Next to the technical developments, Asch is currently spending a lot of efforts on building a stronger community.
Asch has kept low profile for the last year, mainly focussing on the domestic community, where by now we have grown to a enthusiastic and reliable community.
The Asch team has now began to gradually strengthen oversea marketing promotion.
Besides research and development, our team is also very active in trying to get Asch on more exchanges.
We will work to bring in the external tokens such as BTC in the next two or three months.
By then, BTC will circulate in Asch system to participate in the use of our various applications which means any token will be free to go in or out of any chain in our multi-chains system, thus the function "multi-use for a token, multi-tokens in a chain " mentioned in my previous speech is fulfilled.
Yup.
Im so happy this isnt on bittrex yet, easy accumulation on kucoin /comfy/
so comfy