How many of your friends and family that you've mentioned crypto to have actually bought some by this point?
I started talking about it around 2 months ago to people and still none of them have anything in crypto.
Even my own cousin who mentioned it to me when BTC was at 2k has nothing.
What gives?
To me, this suggest normies are not even remotely close to having skin in the game.
Is it possible that we can still make it with just minimal amounts invested long term?
normies are retarded for one and they are scared off easily for second
I got my mother-in law and my father on it, 5k eachthey also make me manage daytrade with another 2k each it which makes me a bit nervous but so far we are getting profits
I will search how to destroy your mother's cunt you piece of shit spam
Because people are often afraid of losing anything at all, even if they statistically have so much more to gain.
They'd rather not lose anything at all.So they're happy with maybe a savings account.https://youtu.be/vBX-KulgJ1o
my co-worker heard me listening to an interview about bitcoin and asked me about it.
I told him to buy the last dip and he listened.
Feels good man.
I've got a friend i've talked to about BTC for over 4 years now.
He's still waiting to buy lmao.
He was going to buy 1 when it was 1k but by the time he got around to doing it BTC was 2k.
He decided not to buy because he only wanted 'a whole coin'.The only crypto he has is some classic i sent him to settle a personal debt between us and that's dropped in value.
I pressured my family, gf and friends into buying some for years, even offered to do the buying and keeping for them.
None did.
shilled my gf to buy btc in june.shilled a good friend to buy it, bought in may.yes, im useful to people (hugs himself)
:(
Yes.
I started talking about Crypto back in April, back when it was 2k.
They fucking laughed at me.
At 3.5k they still laughed.
At 7k they stopped laughing but still didn't want to get in.
Only one friend was smart enough to buy the S2X cancel BCC Pseudo flippening dip.
Though he's completely new to crypto and now wants to put his gains in Doge and doesn't want to listen to me.
You can't help people that don't want to be helped.
You can't make people rich that were never meant to be rich.
But you and I, my brother, we are made to be rich.
We know what risks one must take, we know how you must treat money.
Even if Bitcoin eventually crashes you'll have learned so much, stocks are gonna be like child's play to you.
We can see potential now.
We know to BTFD.You and I both, we're gonna make it.
I've got 0.035 BTC and i'm bummed out that I didn't get here sooner.
Tempted to sell a load of personal shit to raise money to get more.
what do?