8+ hours their website has been down, API unavailable.
Have I been Mt.
Goxed?
Used F5 more today than in my whole life
they better fix their shit, hate this fucking platform
just got into crypto after being told to join 'kraken' yesterday because it was a good exchange.
thanks for scamming me faggots.
I was able to get in and use the trading platform even though the 'data unavailable' thing was on the main account page.
4249313it's not down idiots
Literally been trying to get in for the past hour and its not working.
I google search "Kraken down report" and there are tons of people reporting the same thing.
So thanks for the shitty platform.
What a fuckign scam
Yeah it's not "down", it just "doesn't work".
At all.
BTC has finally broken out, and I can't do a thing about it.
I can just watch,
API unavailableWhat does this mean?Explain like I'm 5 years old pls.
you cant get info from it
Is this API on a website somewhere?
Is it like a stream of info?
The API is always unavailable on this piece of shit so no worries.
4249615The API is the trading engine interface.
If it's down it means I can't make any trades, buy or sell.
In other words, they're providing no service at all to me.
They might as well not even exist.
An API is a set of functions and procedures that allow the creation of applications which access the features or data of an operating system, application, or other service, meaning that the API of Kraken conducts the information of the exchanging platformit's always down so the phone app is nearly useless
4249718So the API is the backend of the website?If so, is there some way to isolate this API and find out that's indeed what's causing the site's functionality to be down?Or are you guessing it's the API?
API works well 4 me
so our money is in the void huha newbie question, having a private wallet protects me from this shittery right?
Using a wallet outside a service like Kraken would prevent this, because the only way it would stop working is if you either deleted your wallet private key, or the blockchain got nuked.
IS this a fucking exit scam or something???
WHAT A BUNCH OF ASSHOLES.
GIVE ME ACCESS TO MY FUNDS YOU CUNTS.
thanks if things get calm I should get to it ASAP
FUUUUUUUUUUCKKKK
What is a stable exchange with low fees and which doesn't require ID?
I'm still new to using services like Coinbase or Kraken, but if you give them the bare minimum, Coinbase seems okay.
If I were you, I'd trade anonymously on forums with escrow services.
it's working but super slow kek
How do you check?
Just by trying to use the website to trade?
it works for me but slow