Alright boyos, let's have an actual discussion about these fucking coins cause I'm tired of getting just'd up the ass and I want some compelling arguments about which one Teeka pajeeta is gonna pick.The way I see it, I highly doubt it's POWR, and even if it were, why would he pick it now?
Its 24hr volume is ~$170,000,000--there's no way that Teeka's boomer squad could put a dent in this market right now.SLR is more likely if it's an energy pick.
I've heard the MIT arguments and seen some posts from "insiders" saying that this is it.
It seems to fit the bill, and it's been pumping recently so that could be insider accumulation.
Unlike POWR's 24hr volume, it's only around ~$2,000,000.But I've also heard that Teeka called off either of these picks (could be fake, hard to tell what is that's why I'm writing this).
Now people are saying it's DNT.
This thing is just above SLR on CMC and its 24hr volume is ~$5,000,000.
That's enough to have a few insider whales be accumulating, and if it really isn't SLR, DNT seems pretty attractive.Give me your most compelling arguments, /biz.
No BUY OR BE POOR FAG HUR LAMBO TIME shill garbage.
He wont Pick Solar or POWR , even if he was doing it in the first place, Just to take some greedy jews of guardThere was a leak of DNT on the day of the BCH signal they published it at the same time by mistake
It's not going to be any of those coins.
He's keeping quiet to allow investors the opportunity to invest in his pick.
I think eventually he's going to ask you to send BTC to an account and he's going to auto purchase it for you like a mutual fund.
When was this?
Do you have a link?
If i remember correctly, he said he is picking something "totally different", so no solar or POWR.DNT would be the choice, but biz is never right.
My guess:>its a shitty coin that NO ONE IN BIZ has heard of
This is FAKE!
He never sent out a BCH alert and NOTHING has been said or "leaked" about DNT.
No he did not say that.
Someone put together something fake that said that, but Teeka never said that.
DNT is the coin you fucking retards.
The longer you whine about it the more time goes by that you miss an opportunity to responsibly accumulate before the boomers hit.God.
No wonder this board gets justed.A simple look at the fundamentals and even technicals would tell you that DNT is the pick.
he even said in the Q&A why he gave the BCH signal you fuckign retard
He said in the Q&A that to only buy between $500-$1000 and it was not an alert that was sent out.
The one that was posted on here to buy up to $1,400 was fake.
There has been nothing said to indicate that DNT is a pick.
what kind of percentage could we expect if this was the one?
There is nothing to indicate that the pick will be DNT.
He did not say he was going to change his pick after he gave the clues about his pick.
If by chance he does change it, and he won't because he didn't change ZEN after the price was driven up based on his clues, you might as well throw a dart at a board for a prediction.
Zen and Gas both went 2x within hours.
The hype has only grown since then and he has a new army of boomers ready to throw cash at his pick, after his latest recruitment event.
I think his pick could 3x easily.
I agree with this, but I don't want this poster to actually think that there was a "leak" or any indication that the pick is DNT.
Whatever is the pick will explode!
They are no longer limiting the number of subscribers and all of these subscribers will be passing along the information to family and friends.With the exception on one or two people who actually post on this forum, PBC subscribers, for the most part have probably never even heard of 4chan, and most probably don't even read reddit.
They will just buy!
Especially the new subscribers who are now hypnotized to believe they will be millionaires in a month.
Yes I am a subscriber myself and wrote a bot in PHP to market buy on command, which should shave an extra 20 seconds off my reaction time relative to having to do things on the bittrex site.
Meanwhile most of his subscribers are slow money, and 4chan is fast money but they get a delayed signal.
I am throwing 10k at his pick and am 80% confident I will be able to double it.I fear for the future though... a lot of his new subscribers are going to get burnt by this pump today.
They may not be willing to go in on next month's pick.