I bought Zcash gold at ATH when someone here advised me to do so.It's now falling like a rock.Will it climb back or can I throw myself from a bridge already?Ty boys
Hi OP, sorry for your loss.
Firstly, don't hurt yourself, we all make these kinds of mistakes early on, you will get better and start making big gains if you persevere.As for ZCG, there is a good chance it might not go back up, because it is a coin designed purely for pumping and dumping.
If the devs are satisfied with the money they have made, they will walk away.
If it gets added to coinexchange, it may well pump again, but don't get your hopes up.Here's a few pointers to avoid having this happen to you again.
Do you know what Zcash is?
Look it up.
Then look at Zcash gold.
What you'll notice is, they have absolutely nothing in common but the name.
They are technologically and conceptually totally different.
That should've been a big red flag for you right there.
Like Ethereum Dark and other recent scamcoins, the name is nothing more then a means of tricking newbies.
Secondly, look at the Zcash website.
It's not the ugliest site in the world, but it's riddled with spelling errors and contains NO INFORMATION on the identity of the developers.
Another huge red flag.The thing is, it is possible to make big money on these kinds of shitcoins if you time things right, but it's incredibly risky and you have to be able to watch the price 24/7.
You also need to get in very, very low, before the devs start pumping it.
Your decision to buy at that price, was a terrible one, but as I said, it's a mistake most of us have made at one point or another.Your final, and biggest mistake was believing /biz/.
This place can be good for getting early notice of coins pre-pump, but you should never believe anything anyone says here about a particular coin.
DYOR.
If you follow the above steps, you'll make it someday.
Secondly, look at the Zcash website.Meant to say zcash gold websitehttp://zcashgold.net/
Ty anon I'm really shaked, I also made another huge mistake I tried to get into ASTRO early and as the dumb newbie I am on etherdelta I bought AST instead of astrotokens.I'm now bagholding AST aswell.
This shit is so fucked up everything was going fine before I tried to make huge gains on etherdelta.I have no job and the 6000usd I put in crypto is the only thing I could use to try and make it.
I feel so bad right now but thank you for your message anon.
I hope I will recover.
Should I cut out my losses or wait ?