Its time....I tried to warn you....i tried to tell you.....but you decided to waste away in the ocean of noise that are the panjeeto shills.
pump it
My body is ready anon
>do as i said
4436980They musnt know....forgive them fathers for they know no weight of these gold laden bags.
I sold at 500.
Will rebuy after the dump.
Thanks.
Pls pump more I need to dump these bags.
IBM doesn't mean shit apparently
I take it back.
I’ll sell once the neets stop buying.
It does but it’s irrelevant for now.
This is just a discord whale p&d.
No new news so.
4437167How many linkies does it take to change a lightbulb?
Trick question, linkies dont need any lightbulbs in their basement dwelling caves.
Witness the sun from these booster rockets boyo.
Sold at 502, rebuy if at 465.
Thanks.
LINK Staff sergeant reporting in!
We are the LINK marines.
We flip the P&Ds to make more profit to buy more LINK!
aaaaand its gone
Nah, the bag holders will still be buying the 'news' until the posts the P&D group made on plebbit, here and places disappear.
Then it will sink again.
The whales already sold.
Or not, they are back pumping again lol.
Fackkkk
Waiting for that 465 now myself....Harsh!
why is this pumping?
yeah, it will go back down there but not before it goes up I guess.
Oh well.
could have made more I guess.
Still going to make 5-7%
Hey, I have a new ID... erm... weird.
I didn't put a proxy on or anything.
just hold 4 2 years....
why hold when you can easily flip your stack and make 5% more every time it pumps and dumps?
Many moons ago, bought at 720, tried to sell at 750.
What do
I think it'll get there eventually my dood, just be patient
Used to own 200k lumen, sold in a fomo for the XRP pump, bought the top, lost 30%, bought into the LTC pump, waiting for it to pump..now seeing lumen getting close to a pump too..To XLM or to LTC..
I think both have good chances.
What the fuck is this shit, was patiently doing some research on a saturday night and about to buy in after dinner, log back in and it is flying up.
Fuck that.
I'll buy in next dip.
Which wanabe whale party is this?
God knows.
I think they have one more pump in them and its dipped from the last one.
If they do it might hit 525. otherwise its down down down to 465 again.
big buy order at 489 so might get another pump.
Unless that's the exchanges bots.
Pretty crap whales, they couldn't even get it over 550.
4438813I'm going to leave it alone until tomorrow and buy in at the price it was 4 hours ago.
fuck the fomo.
If the news from the singapore conference didn't budge the price over the last two days I don't see this pump keeping it very high.
I think it will dump once more and slowly crawl back up.
The triangle converges around 14 dec so I expect a breakout at ~12 dec.
Yeah, this will drop back to 460-70 now or lower unless they pump it again.
I made a few % off it but bought back in at 499 in case there was another pump.
Oh well.
Tempted to sell now and buy back in later but the thought of them pumping it again...
This sucks not being on discord knowing what they are doing lol.
I'll keep my gains and hold just in case I think.
No biggie.
I'll catch the next one.
Looks like a head & shoulders pattern is forming, watch out guys.
Look for a lower entry point like 450-470
I think they just bought back in at about 496 for another pump maybe.
I disagree, the volume is pathetic.
It was very low to begin with but the last 1,5 hour or so has been abysmal.I wouldnt bet on this going up any further tonight.
We need a few more days to recoup.
4439283ye, that volume is weak.
probably triggered all the auto orders.
I might stagger some orders over the next few days and hope for a low average.
Yeah agreed.
I think it is just residual effect from all the shilling they did on forums and some latecomers buying into it late.
It looked like a bigger buy-in when I was only looking at the numbers but the volume has collapsed and it was a tiny green candle buy.
You're right.
Any links to the forums they were shilling in?
Nah, here and plebbit probably.
No idea where else they would be doing it but I have seen a few in the past but I didn't save the links to them.
Hmm, I think ill hold my 499 bags till 485 before I dump them in case they randomly come back.
I should be able to still make some gains buying back in about 450-60.
A shame I got cold feet.
I had a 465 buy set from a 510 sell before I changed it to buy back in at 499 because I thought they were pumping again.
Oh well.
Still up a few % for the night.
not bad gainz.
IBM and XLM are hinting at big Q1 news, so Jan and Feb will be where the real action is.
I'm just hoping to get in the game at these lows.
Yeah.
I am just trying to flip my stack right now.
I only have 5k but that was from 3500 a few weeks ago.
Most of my money is in other alts but I like this one for its moon mission.
It also, like you said, has a lot of rumors about big news which would be big if true.
If I can get up to 10k by Xmass I will be happy.
It won't be life changing but it's not bad for something that started out at ~5% of my portfolio.Nice coin to flip with good prospects.
There's a ton of rumors that XRP & XLM will begin their own exchanges or have pairings within exchanges which would rival USDT .
I'm hoping their rivalry will drive some competition and shit talking.
Get some new eyeballs.Not sure if I want to buy XRP.
Doesn't seem like the currency is needed to run the platform.
I don't see how their partnerships will bring gains other than a few pump and dumps.
This has been a quality thread
Throwing in at 458, think that's too low anons?
I don't think so.
Might take a while for the order to fill.
should go down to 465 maybe lower within 36 hours.
It will probably get filled at that price, yes.
I stuck with 480 bags for 5k XLM.
Looking to flip it at 515 next pump but I'm not setting it in case some news comes out and I get a dicking.
Need this up to 700 to dump my bags.
just sell them at 500 and buy more at 475?
you still end up with more XLM than you started with.
HODL is a meme.
As long as the price doesn't moon you can start making up that loss in quantity of XLM held and when it does moon back to 700 you will be able to sell even more.
Bought 4k last week for fun, waiting to see what happens.