/biz/ whats the next short term moon mission, meaning about a week to month in length.
I literally keep getting R A P E D day trading.
REQ
AVT.
Just look at that market cap and building volume.
It's going to $4.5 - $5
REQ no shills needed
LINK
powr
SYS.Req is almost done, people not taking profits now will cry soon enough.
Link is a turd, sergey will never shill it to gain good traction short term.4269307Might be the best option I guess.Interesting, ill take a look at it.
you wish
Ardor, MainNet launch 1.1.18
No Im already selling chunks.
Will not buy back even when it gets below ico level again.
Whats the MainNet launch?
Nice pepe.
Saved
If you want to bet on some coin that needs mainstream adoption or/and have many competitors just go for some shit like REQ or SYS.If you want something ahead everything with a massive amount of customers already there just waiting for the actual hardware to be mass produced and starting to get real income in the next few months, go for Modum on binance.It's been only going up for the last 12 days even with btc rally, and it's still way under in marketcap that similar projects that are at least 18 months late.
Streamr.
It's an early coin yet to 5x like it deserves.
dude.. not even waiting for the ama and stuff tomorrow?
Stop day trading, you suck at it and you will likely never be good at it.
Look for something with potential and just hold it until it goes up.
The alternative is continuing to get raped because you have no idea how to predict market movements.
VIB.
Thank me later.
Blocknet is set to double next few days.
UI reveal tomorrow
Modum doesn't sound bad.
I have an account with binance so ill look into it right now.I know, that's why i'm changing my method.
Technical analysis doesnt really work on coins.
Technical analysis doesnt really work on coins.It does, you just can't use it.
The only technical analysis is gtfo of alts when theirs a btc fork coming up.
Oh, so you're too much of a newfag to remember BCH fork.
Explains a lot.
Blocknet is set to double in next 48 hours, and its gonna go 5x by 2018.
They're unveiling the user interface for their decentralized exchange tomorrow.
The exchange is actually built on their Blocknet DAPP platform, built on the Blocknet protocol, gonna be epic.
https://www.reddit.com/r/theblocknet/
What exchanges is it on?
Sounds interesting.
https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-BLOCK
Thanks.
Read up a bit on the website too.
Hasn't there been other decentralized exchanges though, and nothing has really amounted to anything?
Cant say i'm well versed though.
Yes that is very true, and that's because none of them took the correct steps to making a truly decentralized exchange.
Blocknet has made it their only goal that this DEX be truly 100% decentralized.
Blocknet is also heavily distributed, unlike the competition, and the reveal tomorrow has been 2 years in development, not a couple rushed months like Komodo.
Also, the Blocknet XBridge that this is all built on is far superior to Ark's SmartBridge, which was a poor attempt at copying the Blocknet XBridge technology.
Blocknet allows you to trade in basically any pair you can think of, and the trading pairs will only get better.
And the future of DEX's is far from bleak.
Crypto is becoming alarming centralized, and continuing with centralized exchanges is the furthest thing from Satoshi's vision.
Blocknet is the real fucking deal.
https://blocknetprotocol.com
Thanks, appreciate the reply!
https://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
Salt you dumb cuck there's like 4 threads about it do research
PoSW how many times have i said it
he fell for the fake sell walls