Why is it whites have to be autistic to be as smart as the average Asian?It is true.
Think of the whites as the Mario of the races.
Well balanced but not dominant in any one realm.
In order to be at the top it seems that, much like a Fallout 4 character, they have a shortage of attribute points.
They can be athletic, but usually they lack intelligence.
They can be balanced all around, but this equates to average at best.
The only way they can truly be smart is to spend all their points on intelligence.
The result?
Autism.
Zero charisma.Contrast this with the Asian man.
The Asian man can have 10 IQ, high charisma levels, and can be decently athletic as proven by their superior martial arts abilities.So why is it like this?
Because OP is a faggot
All I see in pic related are two scammers.One is Chinese the other one is Russian.
the average asian is autistic, OP

Asians are autistic as well its just their culture makes them act non autistic unlike whiteys whose autism was encouraged
Think of the whites as the Mario of the races.
let me guess?
you're from a poor or lower middle class family and you don't / didn't go to a competitive university or college prep highschool?
>average chinese>smartNEO devs are the 1% of chinaKoreas national sport is StarCraft.
That's autism.
One is a business man who copied the autism bux.
Everything you take for granted white people created or manifested in some manner.
You're living in our world, quite literally.
Almost all asians are autistic
You laugh now, but wait until the Zerg attack and we are all saved by a few million autistic Koreans.
Shit won't be so funny then while your bitch is off slurping korean-chads micropenis.
Asians>small stature, weak>highest intelligence>rarely seen as charismatic by westerners due to harsh, alien accent and ambiguous insectoid expression>filthy industrial hive-like behavior, callous disregard for rules, regulations or safety of the individualasians are like extraplanetary robotsWhites>most aesthetic, physically beautiful race>most charistmatic overall (autists are extremes but even then white autists are the best like telsa and mozart.
stfu starcraft boi)>most artistically talented>strongest men>most inventions>spread their genes and culture all over the world
Lol you faggots have only been dominant for the past couple of centuries.
Meanwhile Asians have been tearing it up for thousands of years.
You're small potatoes when it comes to civilization.
The sooner you realize that, the better.
Dude you are comparing “inventor” or I would say “creator” of finest Blockchain with a copycat.
Most of the Asians are good at copying and making a fast and better copy.
They hardly come up with new original ideas.
To come up with new and original ideas is completely different from copying an existing one.
Also Vitalik is very young.
Vitalik is going to have a Jim Bezos transformation
If Asians are so well rounded and so much better why do they flock to the cocks of white countries like their lives depend on it for a "better life"?Also lmao at asians having charisma fuck me wang per you are one delusional dog snatcher
charismatic asianDoes it even exist?
Lmao, <substitute teachers.Asians spend all their points on INT and have nothing left over a measly “wet noodle” STR.
most aesthetic, physically beautiful racenah, top tier white women definitely qualify, white guys?
lmao not even close.>most charistmatic overall (autists are extremes but even then white autists are the best like telsa and mozart.
stfu starcraft boi)>most artistically talentedHahahah nope.
The only reason you faggots appear to have charisma is because you dominate media.
Hell kikes can even make gal 'rat faced' gadot wonder woman, that's how powerful media is.
Your charisma is illusory.>strongest menHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH you fucking serious, soygoy numale?>most inventionsOnly in the past few centuries, mostly built on the back of knowledge gained from Asians.
China will outdo all white accomplishments in the next 50 years.
Get your boipussys ready.
Does autism even occur in non-Western countries at a similar rate as it does here?How come our parents generation was devoid of autists but millenials are riddled with it?Some of my cousins have autistic kids.
No idea what the hell is happening with the incoming generation.
In richer Asian countries it's increasing rapidly.
It's clearly the kikes trying to cripple the goyim thru vaccines and folic acid supplements for pregnant mums.
not knowing what an entire generation being poisoned looks like.
That pedo is not white, he is a skin-changing reptilian kike.
Shut the fuck up you stupid gook
Because autists were put in insane asylums or hidden from the general public.
Plus the internet increased the visibility of vocal minorities.
honestly I agreeAnd being as hes a logic driven robot with zero fucking emotions.
Its fucking terrifying in its own way.
Though it would lead to tech.
progress
if white people created everything why is it all made in china?
Cry more, dumbfuck soygoy.
What the fuck are you talking about?
The US and Western Europe lead the world in higher education, technology (its progress and development, not the manufacture of consumer electronics), the arts, medical research, hard science, the list goes on.
When's the last time the Chinese invented a microchip or manufactured a commercial airliner?
Yeah but now autism is out in the open, there is still a massive discrepancy.
Here in the UK it is like 94 per 10k kids, which is the second highest rate in the world.My in my grill's country (Lithuania), she never knew a single person or knows of a single relative or acquaintance of relatives with autism.I hope her eggs can bleach my autistic britbong genes.
Holy fuck, a commie jew, that's so rare.Better give him my money :DDDDDD
i forget the exact study but i'm pretty sure the average intelligent asian is more intelligent than the average intelligent white person or something to that nature.
the dude who did the study has been on sam harris podcast
Lol intelligence aside,Its mostly hollywood propaganda that mostly fluffs up white people and make them look better than average.Its about time we wake up and realize that asians have been killing it and advancing:By becoming more charismatic and networkingGoing to the gym oftenBuilding successful businesses and getting rich
White's literally brought education to Asians, stupid weasel.
OP is a (((white))) self hating troll... A Chinese, Japanese, Korean, etc.
person would NEVER say "Asians are..."If OP were Japanese, for example, he would NEVER say "ASIANS are smarter than..." He would say "JAPANESE are smarter than..." Why?
Because Japanese people think they are FAR superior to Chinese or Koreans.
Most Japanese also the whites are smarter than Chinese.If OP is ASIAN, then he is probably Americanized 2nd or 3rd generation living in USA.
In that case, Asians back home would consider him a burger.Sage OP sage
If OP is asian he is probably a south asian with dark brown skin and nigger nose from a Indonesian allah ackbar jungle island pretending he is east asian.
*South east
Yeah, when someone spout "asian" it tends to be a south-east monkey.
anyone here feel like a chad when you look at vitalik?
like holy fuck at least i dont look like that.
niggas lucky hes autistic i'd hate to care about social constructs if i looked like a fuckin undead faggot
How smart are Asian Autist
When's the last time the Chinese invented a microchip
You are delusional.Jew Hollywood constantly denigrates the White man.
go back to pleddit
Whites have the highest empathy and are only barely less intelligent on average than asians tho
literally the opposite is true
t. /r/asianmasculinity
all asians are autistict.
asian autist