Lets say you read and understand the white paper.
What's next
Nothing until 2018 and they actually release the first version of the chain.At this point, you'll start to see transactions from Omise getting verified using OmiseGO.Staking will be active, and because of investors ignoring it choosing to chase pumps, the % will be fucking high due to actual businesses that handle millions of dollars a day actually using it for the backend.At this point the FOMO will be insane as dumbasses realize "oh shit it's actually not a scam" and the price does a 10x getting into the top 5.Please screencap this.
I'm so confident that if this scenario doesn't happen by mid 2018, fuck it let's put a date and say by Sept 2018, I will fuck myself with a sharpie moaning for JUN's cock and post the video on here.
partnership comfirmed
Sit back and relax until Vitalik codes Plasma
Post your facebook first so we can actually hold you accountable
Lmao why would I post it on FB.
Are you this guy?
would you eat mcafee's dick as a collateral for this wager?
No, this is my portfolio.I'm betting on REQ pumping first because their stuff should come out by EoY, then transfering those gains into OMG to be ready for mid 2018.This is the play that will make me a millionaire.
You wont get anywhere with 100k REQ
https://www.reddit.com/r/omise_go/comments/7c7kji/omisego_is_now_hiring_in_warsaw_poland/dpnur0r/read or stay poor
It'll do a 5-10x.That'll give me 5-10 btc.5-10btc in OMG will give me 50-100btc im 2018.
G-guys, look at this corporate lobby>Partnership is being discussed with security guard at reception>You see this skateboard?
It's worth more than 800 million dollars, while you drive a fucking Hyundai..
Lets say you read and understand the white paper.Lol mate are you lost this is /biz/.
Fucking shit coin.
Only reason it even pumps is because of Vitalik and this stupid skateboard and scummy marketing.
5-10x on an already 800 million market capYeah, no dude.If you want to earn multiples you stay in REQ, which has a team of professionals behind it, not some fucking cross-dressing Jungle Asians who want to market this to people who wear leaves of their feet.
nomgers are delusional lmao
https://cloud.google.com/customers/omise/
Honest question for anti-OMGers:>Do you really think the lol skateboard lol pictures in front of signs is a legitimate reason to doubt this coin?Do you honestly think that a company that ETH has been involved with for 2 years is a scam?
Like seriously how fucking retarded are you?
You realize that once their existing customers actually use the OMG network in the backend, the marketcap will explode, right?This coin doesn't care about market cap before its actually functional.
implying they need people to manually decide to use it.Are you fucking dense?
People that already use Omise as a payment gateway aren't even going to be aware of it.
It runs in the backend to reduce transaction fees and speed everything up.Omise is one of the largest payment gateways in SEA.Do you actually understand anything about it or are you just an idiot?
This coin doesn't care about market cap before its actually functional.this
4322814I'm sorry about your bags anon.
But the whole thing stinks of amateur hour.
Scamisego kys
those guy look bretty gay desudo they live in the san fran bubble?are they getting high on the smell of their own shit?
What coins are you in that aren't amateur hour then?
Since I can't name a single one with a better team, backers, history and goal than Omise at the moment.
you won't FUD me out of my retirementfuck off.