Hi /biz/I am 22yo, I am studying full time and I got part time job.
My gf is pregnant.
We got no place to stay, no savings, no relatives.
How can I make some extra cash?
I am not oriented in /biz/ stuff.
I was always working hard but it's not enough.
Please drop some hints or something I can look up into.
It's traditional in your circumstances to change to a full time job.hth
youre probably just LARPing but if youre not a faggotget an abortion and toss ur gf then try to start over
This is a good thing but a hard thing.
I would go into a trade ASAP.Probably electrical.
Get into a trade asap.I was in the same situation as you at 22.
Girlfriend got pregnant and we had nothing.I got into refrigeration.
The apprenticeship was a bitch.
But now at 31 and after many hard years, we own brand new car, 700k house, $$ in the bank etc.Get into trades.
Nobody can take a skill from you and you will always have a job.
Everyone gets into computer and shit the market is flooded.In 10 years there's going to be a million people who know how to design a house, but no one will fucking know how to build it.TradesDo it
Not from the US, what the fuck is a "trade"?
Dont listen to this guys.He's a cashcuck
abortion and condoms
If you're a bong too, their trade is what they go into after their NVQs.
Blue collar work
These are the skilled hands on jobs.
Usually you need an apprenticeship.Carpenter, plumber, mechanic, electrician, hvac etc
4386606oh ok. thanks.
preggers gfAbort or kys, my man
kids ruin futures.
get rid of that thing until you are financially set.
OP here,I am in my final year of EEE.
But I need to make some extra before baby is born
My gf is pregnant.
We got no place to stay, no savings, no relativesSounds like a LARP since this makes no sense.
Your both homeless and going to school and she got pregnant?
Sounds breddy made up, the super low resolution picture also makes me think you're a smelly pajeet.
You pretty much have to start working full time now, and if you can finish up your schooling part time.
If you choose to become a trady you'll be trading many years, and hours, and status for an okay paying job.
People might not say its important but for a new father being able to come home straight from work, not exhausted is a godsend.
And once you finish your degree you'll have the free time in your day to work on a business part time when you're not working, or taking care of your family.