If Bitcoin cash were to flip with Bitcoin, would we drop the cash from the name?
yes, the other would become Bitcoin Segwit or Bitcoin Core or Bitcoin Legacy or something
Yes.
Several exchange owners back this, including Bobby Lee.
Charlie Lee's brother.
Yes, after enough mining power also gets behind it.
The chain with the greatest proof of work dictates what is and isn't Bitcoin.
If the price of Bitcoin Cash flipped right now, you'd still need probably a week or two for cumulative hashpower to catch up for the Bitcoin cash chain.
But after that, it's Bitcoin.
What has changed fundamentally to moon BCH?
Am I missing something?
nothing, just shills and pajeets as usual
The failure of the 2x fork means BTC has no plausible scaling plan in place for the future.
Bitcoin Cash is our only hope to make bitcoin great again.
FOMO & Faggotry: A Cuck Story
This.
Please a good answer from a non shill
TOPKEJ
 The failure of the 2x fork means BTC has no plausible scaling plan in place for the future.
Bitcoin Cash is our only hope to make bitcoin great again.Basically, what this  anon said.
fundamentally>cryptos
Without segwit 2x bitcoin is limited to 5.5 txt/s transaction speed.
This is fundamentally not scalable.
The communities divisiveness over an attempt to scale bitcoin in any possible way as well as the lack of meaningful progress has made bitcoin seem weaker.
Bitcoin cash has only recently become a viable alternative because of the hardfork they are currently working towards which will eliminate the EDA (emergency difficulty adjustment).
At it's current price after the hardfork bitcoin cash will be more profitable to mine for a long time.
Many major minors such as Jihan are about to support it full time.
Merchants are adopting bitcoin cash more and more, compare this to uncertainty from a few months ago.
this was always going to happen eventually, the 2X cancellation only accelerated it
coinbase will do everything in it's power to make sure this doesn't happen.
they're adding BCH by January 1,2018google it.
they announced it
RyvOiVUMIf by everything in their power you mean support bitcoin cash then I guess?
I don't see the scalability issue if btc is seen as an asset rather than a currency.
Ltc seems to have better currency attributes, and it's not an especially good store of wealth.
Wouldn't making btc more transaction friendly just be reinventing the wheel because of the alt coins already doing this better?It seems legalities are the biggest hold up for merchants, if fiat to crypto transactions were sped up and easily done anonymously - that would do more for merchant uptake than transaction times.
Tomorrow, after the BTC difficulty adjustment, a majority of the big dick and organized BTC miners will jump from BTC to BCH chain, leaving the BTC to stall and the panic sells with 4-8 hour transaction times will ensue.
This
Adding: Consider whose massive accumulations caused BCH to pump 2X while BTC was rising and almost all other coins going down.That's right.
so basically .. tomorrow this starts to become the new btc.
and will mega moon and suck wealth outta btc kinda in slow motion this is cheap bcash now.
What about Bitcoin Gold?
When does that replace Bitcoin Cash?
Probably a coordinated pump and dumpWhen you see a dozen identical threads, all near the top of the catalog, you know it's just a group using /biz/ to peddle their shitcoin of the monthDon't forget chainlink, it was the exact same, persistent shilling of hot garbage and all those deluded linkies believed it would pass ripple in market capThere are a lot of new people on this board since then, so pump and dump groups are taking advantage of it
I call it Blockstream Bitcoin
Bitcoin Gold will unironically be the only function SegWit chain until they remove the Blockstream propriety shit and make it truly great.
This is the correct answer.People should use /biz/ only for the laughs, never for information.
Pretty much everyone here is just trying to shill their own bags.
I've been shilling BCH here since 0.067.
Perhaps some of you were smart enough to buy.
Still easy 2x at least..
This IS EXACTLY what Ralph Chenkyam was saying today and it's what will happen.
Prophetic
this is the answer everyone is looking for desu.
just shills being shills.
This is so goddamn ignorant.Skepticism is healthy but maybe people are passionately trying to inform their peers about something central to our very scene.
42796434279738Yes.
That is correct.
Chinese children's cartoons board is so influential and it's member have so much money that it is able to fluctuate the price of a 10 billion dollar worth asset to profit themselves.
And they do it by telling other they will buy or sell the said asset.That is the only logical explanation.
Well when you put it that way, it definitely sounds like you're some pajeet shilling his .45 bcash bags
Whatever dude.I wish you the best.
why not btg?
There's over 1,3 billion pajeets on earth last I checked
Look, I know Bitcoin cash naturally has gone up with the s2x fuckery going on, because it's the closest alternative.
But the "muh flippening, new paradigm" threads exist to target gullible normies on this board and drive the price even higher.They may be able to turn a profit but they are being lied to in order to boost the price, and they're being told they should hold.I'm willing to bet that a lot of people with s2x futures lost a lot of money.
They got fucked.
Now they're shilling full force with their backup coin to scrape whatever profits they can, because they got fucked and they think you should get fucked too.
The great thing about Bitcoin is that its free from outside manipulation.>replaces your coin
I doubt many people got into S2X futures and those who did deserved what they got.
That is so far from factual.MINERS ARE BUYING BCHI'm not trying to be aggressive, but do you read volume?
That is not the only thing driving this up on international exchanges, brother.THERE ARE mechanisms at work here that are bigger than I think you're giving credit.There has been no big dump.You know as well as anyone else how quickly /biz/ hands can fold.
This is much much larger than us.
They were being advertised and sold by bitfinex