How can you have any faith in a group that does shit like this?
Because Vitalik, the Ethereum team, the tendermint team, Joseph Poon, already major payments company, dozens of major partnerships, bank allegiances, national allegiances, prioritized access to Plasma, white label wallet doesn't require any partnerships anyway, etc etc etc.Also you can't prove there ISN'T a Google agreement.
Honestly they're just amateur marketers.
That does what?
Omise payment gateway services for merchants on Google Cloud Platform.
This has nothing to do with OmiseGo you stupid fucking faggot.
Who fucking knows what they were talking about.
Does shit like what?Because Google and Omise do work together...
It just has nothing to do with OMG and was in no way implied to have something to do with OMG.
Jun isnt even in the photo..
ignoring the fact that they conviniently used this to generate speculation and pump the price
I'm curious how.
This was posted on Omise's twitter, not OmiseGo.
They're two complete separate entities
Are people allowed to be excited about anything?Again, do you KNOW they were lying about anything?
You don't know shit.
the post was about Omise not OMG you fucking dumb pajeet nigger faggot
Why did they use the word partnership?
They are just customers.
They are paying to use googles products.
That guy who tweeted this is part of omisego aswel, go check junos twitter background, there's a picture of him, this other guy, vitalik and Gavin woods, it's not like a completely different team or anything.
Stop trying to fool us, they hyped this shit to death.
Omg pumped hardcore way before that tweet.
Youre a fucking brainlet.
Get out of crypto before you go broke.
Not sure who the fuck you're talking to, or whether or not you can read.
I'm supporting Omise you stupid fucking faggot.Now apologize to me
You're the type of person who took the skateboard maymay and ran with it.
Once again, he's part of OmiseGo, but this was reflective of Omise unless you're too fucking stupid and can't read.
As for the term "partnership" that can swing multiple ways, even if they're customers it can be interpreted that they're in a contractual relationship, hense business partners.
overcompensating manlets
If they DID reveal something akin to a partnership, will you have been wrong?>just wait
wtf you dont like it when devs make their coins pump?
the fuck are you here for then?
Not with fake news
VitalikHas been trying to distance himself from these jokers, when he realized they were using him for their shameless marketing.Also:>REQ will bring product to market faster and is a fraction of the market cap.REQ is coming for you laydboys.