I notified a debt collector that they had 30 days to verify and validate a debt.
they took longer than 30 days, let alone 30 business days.
Do I write them back and tell them too bad, they responded past the deadline, or is it just a general rule and not a legal technicality?
The debt collector is acting on behalf of paypal due to some scammer trying to swindle me out of my precious DOGE coins.
I dumped all my holdings from the gaypal account and had no ties to a bank so they couldn't auto withdrawl.
My credit score is about 750 and I'd hate for them to jew it down, but I'd hate even more so than to get scammed twice.
Also, if I open another paypal account that is tied to an ebay account that the previous account was tied to, will paypal try to come after it?
I already got an email saying that my ties were considered cut.
I'll look up the email and post ITT.
Pardon my English, I'm an American.
In california if that makes a difference from a legal standpoint.
Yes, I know CA is gay (both of them), that's why I am trying to not lose any shekels to paypal so that I can someday afford to escape this hellhole.
Hello, Anon Co.>This email confirms that you have cancelled your billing agreement with eBay Inc. No further payments will be made from your PayPal account to this (((merchant))).
If you have any further questions about the agreement, or wish to reinstate it, please contact eBay Inc. directly.>Sincerely,(((PayPal)))
Send them a registered letter noting that they failed to respond in 30 days and should they wish to talk further they should do so in writing to your lawyer, and they should include a check for the lawyer's hourly rate if they do.
You need to post your actual situation.If they have a legit bill even if you don't agree to it then they can put it on your credit report.Welcome to the jewstates anon.Just send them a request for no further contact and state it is because you do not owe the money.It will still be reported to your credit report though.
FOR FUCKS SAKE THE PAGE REFRESHED AND I LOST MY WHOLE RESPONSE.REEEEEE.gifif you need more details let me know in case i blow past something as this is the second time writing it out and I may be skimmingI sold DOGE to several sellers on ebay during the summer spike.
Many sales, not bad.
One seller paid without issue, but was kind of odd.
After an hour of the blockchain verification I got an email from the account to the degree of "LOL, WTF is this I didn't buy this.
I WAS HACKED"They got a credit card reversal and paypal refused to eat the costI provided verification of the blockchain delivery and paypal responded withLOL NOPE, we don't cover intangible goods.they sent me a bill in my email and instead of paying them I pulled all my funds via a second paypal account (transferred to that first since the primary account had no bank ties)got phone calls, no messages.
I never answeredFinally got a letter from the debt collectorI ressponded on the 29th day or so giving them 30 days to verify.
that was on sept 12th i believe.
I got their verified response on oct 17 or maybe the 23rd.
I have to find the letter.I have one arm disabled right now so it is kind of hard to sort through my paperwork but I will.
the last bit was the email saying i cut ties to ebay and if i wanted to make friends again to notify them.I do have some shit to sell this season so I will probably use another account unless there are some sort of jewish tricks that will allow them access to the account that received the cash from the targeted account in the OP.I hope that was clear, I think my arm bumped CTRL R and fucked my other post.
Send a cease and desist letter to the CA.
If they continue to contact you, file suit against them.
Payday for you.
california department of what?
or does CA stand for credit authority?
I figured I'd have to scan their response and attach it to a printed letter stating that they did not respond to me within the 30 days allowed.
Or maybe I shouldn't attach anything and just send them a letter that they hadn't sent me the verification I asked for within the time frame allowed.
Less evidence for them to provide a lenient judge.
In the letter I can mention an order to cease and desist or face harassment charges.
I wish I wasn't such a procrastinating piece of shit so I could have had the letter sent and in their system by the 30th day, but eitherway I have mail that is dated past the 30th.
My only concern is that they can say, "well we didn't get the mail until Sept 30th" or whatever.
30th30th dayAlso, is it calendar days or buisness days?
Also, the debt is question is about $100, plus whatever bullshit fees attached for whatever made up reason they come up with to fuck you one extra time.
Total is maybe $128?If I have to settle, @ 30% it's less than $40.
If the amount I made sans the $40 is financially lucrative, should I make an offer to settle, or double down on the fact that they did not respond to me within the time frame?I suppose I could end my letter with that.
>Dear Kiketech Kollections.
I must regrettably inform you that you did not meet the terms as stated for verifying the debt within the timeframe allowed.
Please cease and desist all contact with Anon Co. or face possible legal action for harassment unless you are looking to settle this debt and put this whole situation behind us.
I will agree to pay no more than $20 as that should cover the resources spent pursuing this near fruitless endeavor.I don't think making concessions this early is the wisest decision, but if it puts this whole fiasco behind me and allows me to resume ebay sales on my original account with impunity, I may be interested in doing so.
sent on the 29th dayIt's legit based on when they received the notification and not when you sent it.Otherwise if it got lost in the mail you would be in the clear for no reason at all.Keep in mind that you are definitely in the wrong in this situation.>selling crypto to credit cardsYou can't prove that they received it.All you can prove is that you sent it and SOMEONE received it.Also as far as ebay is concerned did you have it listed under information products?
you're all fucking retarded.lawfag hereyou're fucked OP.
You owe the money, you must pay.You can't just tell someone they have X number of days to do something, and if they don't, then x happens.hey op, you have 5 days to suck my dick, if you don't, you owe me 5 btc.see?fucking idiot.
I honestly don't remember, I'd have to look it up.
I saw a bunch of fags selling DOGE for insane prices and thought I'd jump on the bandwagon.
I'd believe you if I didn't already understand that there are time frames established into several laws.
my aunt went on vacation for a few (7+) years and came back to the states with a clean credit slate.
You do realize there are legal requirements for debt collectors correct?They can't just send you a bill for a million dollars and then say you have to pay it or they will put it on your credit report.There are things like the bill has to match what you owe and they have to provide proof of the bill within 7 days of contacting you.All it needs to say is that x company is charging you y amount and we are going to collect it from you.I don't know of any local laws for california about 30 days but I am giving OP the benefit of the doubt.Either way paypal has you by the balls regarding their own policy.You have options when someone chargebacks you.
You can contact the credit card company and prove that they purchased the item but its ultimately up to the credit card company whether they will dispute it.The fact that you started this thread means you are already too late to do anything about the initial debt.Paypal isn't a credit card company.They didn't get any money out of this transaction.They can't reverse a chargeback any more than you can.