What does everyone think he'll grace us with today, SLR or POWR?
Solar is a scam.
So powr
Pretty sure it's on the 20th.
Not today
It must be SLR - every research is pointing to it...
You sure?
God damn you fucking Teeka
Explain pls
I'm pretty sure Monday will be too late, even if it is the date, so i bought POWR cheap already.
Looking for the moon next week.
All of the topics about PBC being delayed to 20th have been fake/scam at the moment - we just need to wait until 5 PM EST today to see what will happen.
How sure are you it's POWR?
I was thinking of going 50% on each but I might adjust 75-25 one way or another.I was pretty convinced it was SLR at first too but now I'm on the fence, just looks like such a shit coin.
It's not fake, am a PBC subscriber.
They said this on 8 November.
'Also, again if you’re new, I wanted to let you know that our issue comes out on the third Thursday of every month at 5 p.m. Eastern Time.
That’s the third Thursday of every month, 5 p.m. Eastern Time.
(Note:You can expect your next issue on Monday, November 20.
Our regular publishing schedule will resume after that.
We will send another reminder before the issue goes out.)'
That's fucked.
I said fuck it and bought 50% SLR and 50% POWR, you think I'm good holding these through the weekend, or what do you think he'll pick?
Zencash
I think he'll fuck you all up and pick a completely different coin.
95% sure it won't be POWR.
I got no idea though desu.
Will be waiting for that email...
i'm all in on POWR
When are the leaks coming?
What has teeka even actually done besides recommend antshares and zencash?
Why do you faggots follow this Pajeet scammer?
Really not that hard to make money in crypto
I'm in 3 different groups that are all talking about POWR...
I'm accumulating just in case
He called Monero when it was like $10 or something.
He also called ETH when it was still really cheap too I believe
Delete this
F
Where is my LINK????
insider here, there is a very good reason why it got delayed and thats because it got leaked in the harvest moon group.
Thinking to leak it here but that would decrease my gains.
It is power though, I'll let you biz bros in it just dont yap it everywhere like pajeets
people falling on biz memes
it gets leaked>let's delay the real announcement and let the leaks get even worse>I'm not telling you because I'd lose money but oh God please let me tell you
he as the youngest employee at Lehman Brothers, so there should be at least some credibility to his skills
Lehman Brothers
It's not POWR.
It's SLR
These arent being leaked anymore any pajeet posting "leaks" are confirmed fake
Does SLR have a connection to MIT?
So is the delay to the 20th real or is the announcement today?
Volume pumped from nothing to over 4 mil on October 21st.
Teeka and friends filling their bags.
I know you're trying to lower the price to buy more or get rid of SLR bags but this is stupid.
It's known for a while that is POWR.
Proof?Here we go... Yeah, they like to buy high...That was exactly when retards on /biz/ started to talk about this shitcoin as the pick of the next month.Of course, they're going to tell to random faggots they spoke with Teeka...
do you think he will try to shake people off from SLR until monday ?
That was exactly when retards on /biz/ started to talk about this shitcoin as the pick of the next month.I actually think POWR is too legit to partner up with a Pajeet
They're unrelated dumbass
They are not actually, people checked.
However, a person who subscribes confirmed that Solar had a person at the Summit where Teeka was.
So I am personally 80% SLR 20% POWR on this
Oh sorry thought you said the Tiwaris are related.
You are right, they are not related at all, Tiwari is a very common name
Does SLR have a connection to MIT?The SLR connection is Nick Gogerty.
Also, I did my masters at MIT and I know that a project related to SolarCoin won in its category in their last Hackaton.. coincidence?
ikr
So can someone confirm if it's announced TODAY or on MONDAY the 20th?
It's always been third Thurs of every month...
Monday

I asked a member of PBC, he said he don't get no such email.
Is that fake ?
Why ?
crypto egg
He seems to be shaking people off SLR after the pump, I think it will be solarcoin tonight