>tried to destroy crypto>trusted a chink and an international felonLMAOROFLCOPTERTOPTIPPETYKEKHAHAHAHAHAHA!
YOU REAP WHAT YOU SOW FAGGOTS!
I hope you sleep at the crucial moment.
When is it breaking .1?
I can't wait.
one gaze at the sissy chinks faggot face and u can tell hes an ultra snake.
to be never trusted chinks and roger ver!!!
If this price trend keeps up, I'm sure you'll be going to sleep permanently.
Don't forget Fake Satoshi and that other geezer
bitcoin is deadnow it isBlockstreamCoinorBitmainCoin
Bitcoin is not crypto
scared to death of it or else why even post?
getting paid or something?
It 100% isn't a currency
This price trend.You have no clue about the machinations behind any of this besides looking at temporary directions on a chart do you?
It is to most people on the planet who has even heard of it.
Not realizing that means you don't understand the world.
I- it's just a normal pull back after a bull run!Wave 2 is incoming.
I know it in my heart.
I'm going to make millions.
I know it.
I believe it.
Hahahahahahah I'm goin to be so fucking rich and you'll all push pencils up your ass for me!"!!!!
WE ARE THE SATOSHI VISION MARINES AND WE ARE NOT NOT NOT NOT NOT SELLING.
I'm going to bed now.If it's not above $1000 dollars tomorrow my life is literally ruined.
I put everything into this.
Everything.
What the fuck am I going to tell my family jesus christ.
What was I thinking.
It's all over.
It's still at over $800?
Just sell?
It is time for all the pink wojaks.
Bch cheerleaders buying in over .10 were warned.
Korea volume isn't a sign of a flippening
No I can't do that.
I bought too high.
If I sell now In will have lost everything and I can't accept that.
Christ have mercy on me, what have I done.What the fuck have I done.
Honestly I'm considering buying this dip..
me too
smartest post ITTLEARN TO TRADE NABS, YOU ARE LOSING MONEY CUZ YOU HAVER NO CLUE ABOUT TRADING WHATSOEVER
we should pay high fees because people can spam
better losing some than losing it allsell now
what is roger's motivation for promoting bitcoin cash?
he arguably is a top 5 btc holder so what does he have to gain?
its not money hes probably a billionaire.
when he first started promoting bitcoin he was receiving the same fud as he is now but look where he ended up.
Hes a contrarian and it really seems like he wants to fight for what bitcoin is supposed to be which is not blockstream coin
ego
Bitcoin doesn't represent the WHOLE cryptoworld.
Just because normies think that, doesn't mean it's true.
ego for what?
everyones been shitting on him since he came onto the btc scene, i dont think he cares tbqh
I would buy too if I had more money to buy more.
BCH got added to two exchanges yesterday + full blockchain.info support and the next upgrade is scheduled in for Jan 14.
#bullish
yet what literally all alt holders want to do is multiply their BTC
 Perception is irrelevant in confidence-only value storesWhatever you say
This right here.
Not sure why 4chan shits on him.
He could go sit on a beach forever but he is taking risk in something he believes in and wants bitcoin to actually be usable by the poor and the disadvantaged, those that have been shit on by banks since the beginning of time.
If you want to stomp on that, there's no hope for you.
the dipthats not the dip lmao, check again in 24 hours
being this gullible
Not sure why 4chan shits on him.chanI think you mean blockstreamcoin shills.
Textbook bullish chart