https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meet-people-getting-rich-bitcoin-181650451.htmlAren't you envious that literal highschool graduates have more money than you ever will?>Eddy Zillan, 18, of Orange, Ohio, has amassed well over $500,000 worth of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
i literally dont care.he probably thinks he's king shit now.
he's handsome, he deserves it
>kike gets 5k from mommy and daddy, 7k from normie summer jobs, puts in crypto>OUR SON IS A PRODIGYpretty cringe, but all the jealous nocoiner normies in the comments on that article are entertaining.
jew gets richwhat a surprise
500k USD>RichThat isnt even fuck you money.
After taxes that shit doesnt even buy you a 350sq ft.
Bachelor in Toronto
/biz/bros, when this is you remember this it is easy to make money but it is harder to not spend it.
Making it is one thing but staying in that position is another, people won lotteries that where worth tens of millions but did not know how to manage money and ended up losing it all the same way someone spends a measly 1k on stupid shit.
Says the guy with $20k net worth
Wait...
$12000..If he had put all that in BTC in 2012, wouldn't that be worth way more than $500k?
Nice assumption do you finger pop your own asshole with the fingers you used to type that reply?
He doesn't even have as much as I've made from my job m8.
not fingering your own ass in 2k17
having a n-net worth of h-half a million at 18 is nothing g-guys.
Ethereum wasn't even out in 2012.
This.
If the kid was some refugee or lived in a slum and managed to make this much money from nothing, then I would actually respect him.
These kikes get everything handed to them on a silver plate.
Well his hair line is already fucked.
Bald by 21.
Hell probably get depressed and kill himself or marry a 6 and grt divorce raped
Yeah he's rich, unless he cashes out.
so much this
500k isn't shit.
That's eating out twice a week instead of once
Ya cuz I'm so sure you had 500k when you were 18.This bitterness is why you people won't succeed.
Such a loser mentality.
Literally got lucky, it will be apparent when his 500k only dwindles
Good job kid.
little edstein obviously doesn't have his shit together by even mentioning he's holding money to anyone
people won lotteries that where worth tens of millions but did not know how to manage money and ended up losing it all the same way someone spends a measly 1k on stupid shit.This is a shitty argument because of preselection bias.
Buying lottery tickets is a poor financial decision so of course the winners tend to be awful with money.
k>richIs America a complete third world shithole or are they memeing?
Its mostly impressive just because of how young he is.
The average 18 year old is going into debt that it'll take them years to claw out of.
What's far less impressive is that he's been in crypto since 2012 and only turned $12k into $500k.
BTC was less than $100 back then, if he'd simply bought and held BTC he'd have $960k, in terms of trading skills he's well below average.
No, because I made a bit more money than he did.
He is 18 in 2017 k in 2012>He was 13 in 2012 k when he was 13 Yeah um, when I was 13 the only money I had was my lunch money.
Larping irl