Hey everyone, I know you're all poorfags chasing money, and mostly newfags who got here in the past 12 months, and have enjoyed the bull market and watching 'bitcoin never fail' and 'buy every dip' and all that.
Those of us that have been here since the beginning also believe in Bitcoin, but the truth is, the vision of Bitcoin that we believe in is really what Bitcoin Cash is - a P2P payment system.This is just a heads up that there is currently an insane astroturfing campaign against BCH on /biz/.
reddit and twitter.
The red flags for this are: 1) Endless stream of posts that have no actual substance, just FUD, 2) Refusal to discuss when there really is a discussion, 3) Not acknowledging that Bitcoin is factually unusable as a form of payment right now, and that this vision has proven to be flawed with the model they are using, since it can (and literally has, and is) be halted just based on ordinary movements of the market and miners.4) Not acknowledging that changing the direction from "P2P Payment System" to "Store of Value" is literally the definition of not fulfulling Satoshi's vision.
BCore is only Bitcoin in name, and the market will show this to be true.
The fact that Bcore can't even reliably be used to buy drugs any more, because of fees and transaction times, says enough about the nature of the changing time.Obviously this post is going to get trolled to bits, and it will look like there is heavy opposition, but look into what everyone says and DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH, you will see through the unprecedented shilling.
It appears that BTC has overwhelming support, but these 'vocal supporters' are just shills profiting at your expense, just like shills for any altcoin have been on the past 6 months on this board.
If you're looking for a real run down of the situation (i won't go into explaining the politics of it, just what is happening and what's going to happen):-BCH has become more profitable to mine.
-BTC has a huge transaction backlog.-Miners are starting to switch to BCH, while dumping their BTC for BCH.-We will soon reach a critical point where Bitcoin literally can't be transferred, at which point everyone will be looking to sell.
The problem will be that most 'HODL'ers aren't holding on exchanges, so they will be stuck holding their worthless coins.-Bitcoin spirals to sub $1000, BCH goes to $10k-Bitcoin will not go to $0 immediately necessarily, since it could be a bit profitable to mine because of the transaction backlog, but it will never recover.Once the truth comes out, the 'panic' phase of the market will kick in, and you'll be stuck holding worthless BTC.
If you have doubts, either hold in USD, ETH or go 50/50 in BCH and BTC.
High fees are not a bad thing.
This just leads to another market segment being taken.
Low fee does not automatically mean its good.
A 10,- USD/EUR transaction fee on an effectivly unlimited amount to send is very attractive for sums that are a few hundred big, just compare to Wester Union fees.
BTC is not designed to buy a coke with but the more expensive things.
The problem with all of this is that if BTC is going down, why replace it with something equally shitty?
Pick almost any non shitcoin...
Changing the blocksize only creates more centalization over time...
4350663Not sure if bait or shill
The real story is in pic related.China bans crypto exchanges but the chinese miners go scot-free?
I don't think so.
Bcash is literally a cheap chinese knockoff.Supporters of Bcash:Roger Ver: CriminalKim Dot Com: CriminalJohn McAfee: CriminalCraig Wright: CriminalCalvin Ayre: Criminal (made it to fbi's top ten most wanted)
4350663kek like clockwork
Can you think logically for one fucking second without dismissing anything that's against your narrative as shilling?>larger block sizes>therefore harder to mine by small-time miners>therefore harder to run a full nodeWhat the fuck are you missing about this?
It's so obvious.
Even 1mb BTC mining is restricted to specialized hardware now unless you want to make 3 cents a day.
And BCH isn't even a solution to BTC's scaling problems.
It literally shoves them off to a later date.
You won't have problems until it's very big and a lot of people depend on it.
Same shit different air freshener.
Bitcoin corecuck>bilderbergers>illuminati>bankers>jewsThese people are trying to destroy the currency, enjoy your centralized kiked shitcoin
literally just baseless meme-tier accusationsYou forgot lizardpeople
High fees are not a bad thing.THE ABSOLUTE STATE OF COREFAGS>BTC is not designed to buyAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
No seriously, 10,- USD transaction fee is cheap and still acceptable.
Needs to be put in context for the sums you send.
muh humble fireworks terrorist
SOMEONE HELP ME UNLOAD THESE BAGS
Where were all the threads shilling BCH in September/October, when people could've accumulated cheaply?
It's not like any of the pro-BCH arguments didn't apply then.
Lookup graphene.
Observe how core handled and discussed it.
Then look at how the bch community is discussing it.
There are many different solutions we are considering and implementing to make the p2p system greater.
Also segwit and LN aren't scaling solutions adam back admitted that himself.
- two days ago, 50% of the posts on 4chan were bcash shills2 - Gavin Andersen made bitcoin XT with a 8 mb block limit without discussing things.
thats how it all started3 - it would be usuable if you didn't attack it with low fee transactions (see proof).
If you use a high transaction fee its usable4 - Please, not this vision BS again... Satoshi has sent an email from satoshi@vistomail.com saying he was against 8mb blocks in 2015.
This email was not proven to be hacked like the others.
The witepaper was written 9 years ago and it doesnt mention block size.
They were here but at that point this entire board was just a link discussion.
Source/Site for this pic ?
https://twitter.com/CarpeNoctom/status/929312182285799425
Satoshi email is a fraud, keys don't match.
If we refer to the Bitcoin Whitepaper, we can safely say that high fees ARE a bad thing.
I'm not saying they're objectively a bad thing, but if we are questioning whether BCore or BCash are Bitcoin, then we'd have to say this particular point goes to BCash.
The fact also remains that the same thing BCore is achieving is possible with low fees, so that "$10 fee" is still unnecessary and not a valid argument.
Of course it's expected that BCore supporters are left grasping at straws at this stage, given the charade is up.
and the email says literally nothing about 8mb blocks.
This source is better:https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#30dhttps://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-August/010238.htmlHe opposes bitcoin XT that was the proposal at the time to increase block size to 8 mb.
I'm 50% cashed out USD, 40% altcoins that I think will do better in the next 12 months, and 10% split BTC and BCH.
I agree with you.
The truth of the matter at the current time, however, is that BCH will have the development, investment and mining resources that have traditionally been in BCore, meaning it's market cap is valued at at least $100b in the next week.Literally shillest of all arguments.
Every single discussion ends up coming down to "x = criminal, BCH = shit".
The fact is banking system = criminal, blockstream = criminal.
But of course they're pro-establishment, so they aren't legally considered criminal, they're the REAL problem that bitcoin has been attempting to solve this entire time.
4 - Please, not this vision BS again... Satoshi has sent an email from satoshi@vistomail.com saying he was against 8mb blocks in 2015.
This email was not proven to be hacked like the others.
The witepaper was written 9 years ago and it doesnt mention block size.Lmao nice fud.
Now kys corekike
satoshiAre we all just playing pretend retard here or what?
Still not signed by any of his fucking keys you doofus.
Thank you for showing the users of 4chan the piece of shit of a person that you btrash supporters are.
4350649100% agreedbut unfortunately the situation has now gone so far that we need bigger blocks on BTC, because if there is a flippening the whole market gets fuckedBTC is not designed to buy a cokeLmao, read this https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf and tell me what it was designed forSmall transactions are literally mentioned on the first fucking page you ignorant brainwashed cuck"Commerce on the Internet has come to rely almost exclusively on financial institutions serving astrusted third parties to process electronic payments.
While the system works well enough formost transactions, it still suffers from the inherent weaknesses of the trust based model.Completely non-reversible transactions are not really possible, since financial institutions cannotavoid mediating disputes.
The cost of mediation increases transaction costs, limiting theminimum practical transaction size and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions,"
Ok reddit it's time to leave
Every idea in the world has idiots who follow it, shit supporters, people who are an embarrassment.
We aren't here to discuss who is a thoughtful or articulate person, but to get the facts out about the actual matter at hand, which you have clearly demonstrated you have no interest in discussing beyond copy-pasting out of your prepared 'shill' folder.
4351194I am just arguing that the Satoshi vision talk is all BS.
If you dont want to trust that email, its fine, most people dont.
me personally I doubt thats satoshi.
I'm sure Satoshi Nakamoto would be considered a criminal too.
If you dont want to trust that email, its fine, most people dont.
me personally I doubt thats satoshi.>I doubt thats satoshiwhy were you defending that bs email then?
to show there is a reasonable doubt about satoshi's position.
nobody can read minds do satoshi vision talk is total BS
the users of 4chanYeah you really sound like a long time "user of 4chan"
thats offtopic, I meant users reading this thread.
What bcash supporters have done disgusts me and thats why I am here exposing the truth.
You can convince me that bitcoin is shit, I am open to discussion.
Why do you think ETH blockchain is over 300 GB?
Would you run an ETH node?
What about next year when it will be 1 Terabyte?
I'm open to discussion as well, what exactly have Bitcoin Cash users done to disgust you?
I've had discussions with people for 3 months over this shit.
What I really want to know is why you're all so fucking terrified of BCH if bitcoin is the one and only?
An influx of you redditor shill faggots started pouring into the board ever since bch started approaching its previous ath.
Don't trust anything here on /biz/, its full of lies and disinformations + a lot of newbs that dont know what they are talking about.
Still a little gold drops sometimes, but be aware 99% of this board is BS and should be taken for entertainment.
That's just a semantic argument.When people say "satoshi's vision", they don't really care about satoshi, or his actual opinion.
Satoshi has left the community.
So many fraudsters trying to claim his name, but the only thing that someone could actually do to prove they were Satoshi hasn't happened.They are talking about the ideology that they got into Bitcoin for.
Libertarian, anarchist, cipherpunk, whatever meme label you want to give it, there is/was an underlying ideology to Bitcoin.
Destroying existing centralized financial systems, the emergence of decentralized currency.
This is what people actually mean, not whatever Satoshi actually thinks!If Satoshi came out tomorrow with a message denouncing BCH, signed with his own coins on the BCH blockchain, people wouldn't believe it.
So there is nothing Satoshi can now do, if he comes out in support of one group or the other, the opposing camp won't believe it anyway.
No advantage to saying anything, so he stays quiet.
transaction spam attack the bitcoin network, pressure every crypto analyst into recommending BCH, bribe exchanges to list BCH as main coin,...
If the network can be spammed, it's the fault of the network not the spammers.
Provide proof for the rest of what you said.And show some valid responses to points that I've actually made above.
Of course you won't because you're a shill.
I'm just keeping this thread alive and participating in your games because the community is important to me, and it's important that noobs don't get burnt by banking interests and manipulation.
tx per second.
1MB tx per second 10MB tx per seconds 100MB fucking blocks you fucking retards.
thats not anywhere near visa!
we want: >coffee>financial transactions>proof of existance>Iot Micro tx FOR THE WHOLE FUCKING WORLD.
MB BLOCKS FOR 700 TRANSACTIONSHOW FUCKING RETARDED ARE BIG BLOCKERS??
NO LN, NO WORLD DECENTRALIZED CURRENCY.
PERIOD.
The fact that Bcore can't even reliably be used to buy drugs any more, because of fees and transaction times, says enough about the nature of the changing time.Shut up junkieThe best reserve of value is the best way to pay for things, you're not going to be paying for fucking coffee with gold thoughSatoshi's vision is about stop being so fucking consumerist and blind about what money is WHILE taking out the middle man