From fork.lol we see that BCH is now constantly more profitable to mine than BTC.
However, about 85-90% of hashing power stays with BTC.
I'm starting to believe that the Chinese miners are making sure that BTC difficulty adjust up in about 1 week.
After that, they will all move to BCH, which will result in BTC chaindeath.
yep exactly like that.
What other possible reason can there be for the miners to mine the less profitable chain?
After that, they will all move to BCH, which will result in BTC chaindeath.Which will result in a lot more BCH mined and sold to an increasingly saturated market, dropping the price and making it less profitable again.
If they then adjust the difficulty, it's less clear which one is more profitable.Around all whaling and pumping extrema, the BTC/BCH ratio always returned to the relation of the diffculty.If BCH operates at 15% of the difficulty of BTC, it has 15% of the value on the long run.
>muh chaindeath
Which will result in a lot more BCH mined and sold to an increasingly saturated market, dropping the price and making it less profitable againUnless Ver & co dump BTC and pump BCH, which could easily result in even bigger FOMO than last time driving the price of BCH to the moon
Compared to all the investors who turn away from BTC which literally does not work and throw $M's to BCH, the additional hundreds BCH mined are negligible.
Trust in BCH after the BCG con job aside:If you operate a mining cluster that actually has to consider the future price of what you make, and not the one it has right now, it would be pretty dumb to set it to something as untested and volatile as BCH.
he unironically thinks some piece of shit chinkcoin could ever kill BTC
Untested and volatile?
It's bitcoin without all the blockstream shit bolted on and with an increased block size and modified DAA.
If that's untested and volatile what's BTC with all the blockstream shit tacked on desperately trying to get lightning out despite it constantly being eighteen months away.
Does not compute.
Investors go where there are currently gains to make.
They will leave if that's dead.Users however stay with what works, is spread and is known, and BTC works actually pretty well and in a lot of places.
Especially if you're not thinking you get tx for free.
If you wanted that you could go to literally any other shitcoin on the market.
The prize is too sweet to resist.
The players will do whatever it takes to capture the flag.
This is only the beginning.
When is the next BTC difficulty readjustment?
BTC is propped up by tether.
They won't keep getting away with this.If BCH can continue climbing and forcing bitfinex to create new tethers, there will reach a point where NO ONE, not even core or the r/btc subreddit can justify the amount of tethers in existence.>brb, tether has a 10 billion marketcap>brb tether has a 100 billion marketcap>brb tether is now bigger than apple, microsoft, facebook, and google combined.See how this race works?
So what if bch get's diluted, dilution won't matter if btc dies.
It'll be a pyrrhic victory and then queen ethereum can take the lead.The only dark horse is lightning and atomic swaps actually working as a solution, and they better hurry up before bitfinex explodes.
It's bitcoin without all the blockstream shit bolted on and with an increased block size and modified DAA.Absolutely, and you what it is too?
New on the market & virtually indistinguishable from all other altcoins & NOT Bitcoin like all other alt coins.People don't care (maybe yet, who knows) that this no reputation toy has all the features.To the layman it's like BTC with less things you can do with it, and looking at this he'll ask, why then?It has been BCH's birth defect.
There are dozens of alternatives that actually use different, more modern technologies, have wider use cases and are cheaper.
BCH's only selling point was that you automatically had them.
If that hadn't been the case, it would have been entirely pointless.
At current rate next Sunday/Monday
Thanksgiving.
And if that doesn't at least make you feel a little nervous you're not paying attention.
Chinese miner here, ama white boy
up or down?
First you claim BCH is not conservative enough, now you claim it's too conservative.
Make up your mind.
4446537or even more accurate https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
Down.
BCG and the chink pump has been dropped in time to anticipate the difficulty jump.
So that means go all in on BCH.
BCH moon when?
Kys
Maybe they believe BTC will be more valuable than BCH in the future.Most miners HODL rather than cash out instantly.
>A BCH block is worth less than 15% of a BTC block (because of tx fees).>The DAA aims for 10 minute blocks.>Fluctuations in BTC's hashrate are so slow that we may assume 10 minute blocks>BCH can't have more than 15% of BTC's hashing power
I didn't claim it wasn't conservative enough.
I claimed it's set up at a difficulty rate that doesn't reflect the current value.If you call a knockoff conservative, go ahead.
Happens once every two weeks, can't remember when it happened last but you can check on some Btc difficulty chart somewhere.>t.
Phoneposter
BCH is unreasonably high rn.
If it's currently at 15 % of the difficulty and the difficulty of BTC doubles, well, go figure.
Not going to happen soon, riding the bet that BTC is becoming mainstream faster.
When that gets topped because it flaw, will switch to new technology.
When that gets topped because it flaw, will switch to new technology.This.
It will still befork frm btc.
Btc mainstream first.
Bch not fix.
When BTC more mainstream, people will look how to make it function for every day.
Then fork.
You wil know.BTC>BCH now, and later.
I'm a former Ethereum miner and I can tell you that this is the biggest sign that something is up.
Miners mine what is most profitable, period.
The fact that they are not doing that shows they are actively losing money on purpose, in a coordinated fashion, to keep BTC difficulty as high as possible so that the BCH flip on the 24th is as damaging as possible to btc.
It is the only thing that explains their behavior.
I have no horse in the race, believe what you will.
Poor miner.
You mine what is profitable now, china mine what is profitable tomorrow
China is second to the punch again.
Can't create shit like Bitcoin.
Can't take it over so let's fuck it as much as we can to fud a few yuan from weak hands.Seriously, no wonder the Japs look down on you.
They have not done this in the past, the miners have switched from btc to bch religiously following what is most profitable at the time.
This time that has stopped, pointing to that Operation Dragonslayer rumor of a BCH pump and switch of hashpower to cripple the btc chain in five days being accurate.
Wrong.
Everyone mines what is profitable now.
If they then want to take a position in what is profitable tomorrow they sell it and buy more of that than they could have mined.
I mine BTC and am sticking with it.
muh myspace
Japan should look down at floor, because China most powerful.We own most of western countries now.
When will you people learn?
BCH could be 10000x faster and cheaper than BTC.
The market does not give a shit.
If you want fast and cheap why not bet on IOTA or ETH?
https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/6rxw7k/informative_btc_vs_bch_articles/dl8v4lp/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=BitcoinMarkets
Then you're doing it wrong.
It's not up for debate, it really is that simple.
If BCH is more profitable you should mine it, dump it and buy more BTC than you would have otherwise moved.Doing anything else is just hurting yourself for zero benefit.
I hate BTC and still mine it when it's more profitable because I know that.
No you don't.
Japs thought the same thing in the 80s.
Then they had a very rude awakening when the house of cards collapsed.China will be no different.
In fact, it will be worse.
At least Japan developed brands and a reputation for quality.
China has nothing except being cheap by being crap.
People have grown tired of buying chink garbage and your country is circling the bowl.
How much does your country owe China?
The fork.lol 7 day moving average includes the huge spike before the DAA kicked in.
Wait 8 hours and you'll see the true long term-average profitability of the new DAA, and it'll be at or below BTC profitability.
Maybe when you learn the what the market thinks about a thing doesn't change anything about the actual nature of that thing, anymore than the sum total of the opinions of the colour of a red ball from a batch of colourblind people make it not red.
Actually, the Modern Player Telecasters China built in the last 2 years are fucking awesome.
If miners are consistently and uniformly mining against their best interests, that is a huge fucking red flag that something is up.Could be any number of things, but there is definitely something fucky going on.
4448187The fucky thing would be for miners to blindly take their profitability numbers from an external site instead of crunching the numbers themselves and excluding pre-DAA-change difficulties.
I'm all in cash but BTC and its forks need to dieAll it has is nameThe white paper is dead, and its slow, expensive and centralized
Miners wouldn't take the data from that site, but that site would show us instead what data miners haveSee what I mean?
He thinks BCH as the equivalent of Facebook to take the throneA few changes lines of code isn't a fucking game changer.
An alt is what obviously will one day take over, not a BTC fork
But the data on that site is clearly different from what miners would use, since they would be using a long term average that doesn't include the pre-change difficulty.
Isn't BCG a chink coin too, pajeet?
It was forked and premined by chinks right?
Who created BTC again?
Some chink right?
They won't keep getting away with this
You guys don't seem to understand that bitcoin and bcash mined coins need to mature for 100 blocks before moving them.
And also the fact that if too many miners go to bch, difficulty will go up very quickly, making it unprofitable.
Worst shill ever