Anyone got any info about the Monero hard fork rumour?
nice try dude

Possible hard fork December to add the graphine algorithm proposed at the bitcoin scaling conference to make sure monero doesn’t become as congested as bitcoin does one day.If it happens it will probably have enough support to be put on the existing monero block chain, and the “monnaie” one would not have it.
Could be the other way around though, we’ll see what happens
sauce or fuck you op
monero has a scheduled fork every six months right now anyway, its like how Ethereum forks to add a version number.
It's not contentious like Bitcoin.So what the heck are you talking about op
surely it would take longer than december for it to happen though?
segwit took months for them to implement it to bitcoin.if it happens probably in like april next year or something, but i think the price would probably still go up soon if the rumours are trueim hodling
4266682graphene is fucking awesome i hope xmr can get it working
Probably, but then again it’s still a rumour.
Monero doesn’t even need it yet but would make sense for them to implement it.
Worth a hodl, monero is bullish right now anywayrumour>asks for sourceSee your self out, lad
Can you greentext it for me?
when can i buy monero2x futures
https://youtu.be/BPNs9EVxWrA?t=10573Apparently 10x more efficient than cores compact blocks, but thats bitcoin and i dont really understand how that would be different on monero, but im sure the nerds who develop it understand it
monnaieLmao not fucking happening, nobody is going to take that shit seriously.
Monero does not have any urgent issues, and the one it does have is being worked on by top scientists which get paid for it by the community.You are a dumb piece of shit if you buy it, great if you sell it though, if they are going to start forking Monero like they do with BTC it will drive the price up.
XMR already has had a bunch of hardforks without any problems.
The old chains get discarded as it should beSigns of a competent dev team
Oh look a fucking gutter shitter.Fucking worthless pajeet.
The king is back!
All hail the king!
Why is Monero climbing so strong?I'm experiencing serious fomo, I sold when it was bouncing between 90-105, and as soon as I did it never fell past 105 again.
Monero has a fork schedule.
They are not contentious like the BTC fork, it's a part of Monero's regular development and maintenance
are.you.fucking.retarded?
i think op is razzing usThe term "hardfork" is just so scary now, it was funny last version fork how many people freaked on reddit and how long the admins had to repeat that this wasn't an issue.
Theres no reason to continue on the old chains like you mentionedbecause the smart people are getting in early, they realize that monero is the only fungible coin for commerce.