Fortunately, we have stumbled across one very positive lead.
Blockchain analysis shows that the ETH that was collected and transferred to Confido, ended up being sent to an account with Bittrex.com (TxID: 0xca732d04b6aea5901e041bd8944a61d42a20cea810ad5ff07bae33534e443d13).
We have been in contact with Bittrex Management and they have confirmed that the account the ETH was sent too is an account where Enhanced KYC Verification was authenticated.
This means that we have an opportunity to put a real name behind the Bittrex account.
Additionally, we are also in contact with KuCoin and gathering all intel we have for Joost and the possible team behind Confido.Unfortunately, Bittrex’s privacy policy requires a law enforcement request to release customer information, so we can’t get any more information at the moment.
We are currently in the process of filing a report with the FBI to help rectify this situation.Did the Joost get jossted?
Seriously this must be the poorest exit scam in history if he just sent his coins to his KYC Bittrex account
how can someone be that stupid?
im guessing he bought into his own presale with multiple accounts.
And only took the profits from that.
pic related
I think maybe they didn't plan an exit scam from the beginning.
If the legal issues were real, maybe he/she/they saw this as only way out.Still fucking stupid thinking nobody would do at least some basic research
Yes, I think so too.
Especially as he was shilling his own shit and had "good news" all the time like locking the team's tokens etc.Should have stayed in his dönerhausAlso the pepe is OC I drew in paint the other day.
Take him out into the big world please.
Why would they make all fake profiles if they didn't plan to exit scam though?
I mean, that's what I thought too until today... but... yeah it really looks like a complete scam nowtfw you fell for the "it's just inexperienced kids" meme
they were probably planning on switching to monero.Otherwise they could have just held ETH.
I fell for it but got out far before the exit scam so made good money on this.Still I hope they find him.
Shit like that makes crypto look really bad and enforces regulations on this space and then the big gains are over...
I wish he fucking die that low life MOFOPlease do not stop till you grab his tail from that hole.
Lots of people lost their life savings coz of one fucking dirty greedy MOFO.
Tor, VPN, Shapeshift, etc?
How stupid can you be to use a KYC Bittrex account?Even Monero is only anonymous when you use you own node + proxy to send.You would at least google that shit first, wouldn't you?
Life savingsIf your life savings where in confido you must be retarded, even if it wasn't a scam.
It does suck but who the fuck puts their life savings into investments much less one investment?