What should I put my money in: OmiseGo vs REQ?Thanks bros
OMG
Why not both?
Maybe you don't have enough money to diversify, in which case I would say go with REQ due to higher growth potential.
Hmm... the one that you'd be lucky to 1.5x on or the one you could 20x on?
you tell me nigga
Put $100 in Chancoin.
Link
Neither buy EDO huge release soon
74490▶I already got some money in Link.
I'm about to fomo on REQ.
I've been bagholding OMG and I want to dump this shit for something that'll give me 10X gains
OMGIt pays dividends REQ is just a whitepaper
REQ got supported by Ycombinator though.
Would they really give them money just because of a whitepaper
OMG is just a whitepaper too...REQ has token burning...It's apples and oranges really.
REQ - 30 million market cap, worldwide potential, team is actually experienced in running business, supported by institutions and venture capitalOMG - 800 mln market cap already, used only by Third World jungle Asians, team takes photos of themselves next to bank office lobbies and outside fast food restaurants to gain legitimacy lelThis is how the retards and bottom-feeding speculators get separated from true investors.OMH -
Third World jungle Asians>posts pic of an AsianFaggot
i will buy $200 worth of REQ tom.do you think it will reach atleast $1 before 2018?or more realistic $0.1 or $0.5
JUNGLE ASIANS lelreally though it's a thai enron in the making
REQ.If you're fucking retarded enough to put OMG and REQ in the same category you should just go REQ
It's a no brainer, OP.Project with lower market cap = bigger return on investment (ROI).OMG can still grow, but with its current market cap, how big could its ROI be?Let's say OMG can still go 2x or 3x in the future, then REQ can go 10x or 15x.
That's not an Asian... That's Mia Khalifa
smell like pajeets
OMG's not going to seriously moon until 2018.
REQ hasn't even gotten out of the gate yet.
I personally took half my OMG stack and put it in REQ today.
At the very least, one of them is going to end up making it big time.
My actual plan is to let REQ have its first moon mission, then transfer that into OMG before things start heating up for them so I have a shitload of it.