Before I continue: Forewarning, I am a shaman in real life and I've been involved in the mystics for over 25 years.
I first became a shaman through a tough time in my life where I lost everything and was homeless for 2 years.
I discovered my mystic calling in a very embarrassing, attack on my humanity, but I won't discuss that right now for times sake.
Please listen to me very carefully:I've been having miraculous visions of OmiseGo.
My visions first started appearing in the fall of 2016 but I couldn't understand them.
I saw figments of a faraway land, which in a vivid sense resembled the countryside of southeast Asia.
I saw the facade of two gentleman, whom now i understand to be June and Vitalik separately.
I brushed it off as a strange, yet reccuring theme but nothing else.Then, earlier this year I got involved with cryptocurrency.
I have always been a very non technical person, but for some reason I was drawn into this.
I can't explain why.
I saw Ethereum in its days before the massive bullrun and then that's when I had another vision: this strong overwhelming force and the man I saw a year ago radiated in my mind.
I bought and a week later, the bull run started.
I was buying into something that I knew would revolutionize the world.
It was just the beginning.
I continued to see the news everyday, the infastructure of the ETH network being built, coming into fruition as the next paradigm for connectivity.
It was impeccable and overwhelming.
I sold out around $340 and let it be.For months I carried on with my life and then had another vision, this time stronger than the last.
This time the man that I saw in my first calling appeared infront of me, and it was June from OmiseGO.
I was admittedly haunted as this all seemed too familiar.
Despite brushing off crypto, I was sucked in again.
For nights, weeks, I continued to have dreams about OmiseGo.
It was stressful, overbearing, and powerful.
I saw the foundations being built, the partnerships coming to surface
the exchanges being integrated.
To date, 39 exchange pairings have been setup.
What did this all mean, I kept asking myself?
Why did I care aboutthese nuance details, about this technology so far away?
It wasn't even designed to benefit me.
I was okay for a while, and then last night it happened again.
This burning, vivid display appear in my mind.
I saw the macrocosm societies of Japan, of Thailand, what appeared to be neighboring countries, everything.
I was looking for something but I couldn't tell what.
That's when it hit me: nobody was holding physical currency.
Glimpsingover the restaurants, banks, retail stores, it all dealt with digital assets.
The OmiseGo logo was now widespread.
It was unbelievable!
Was I going crazy?
What was the next step in this?
There wasn't even a product out, as I pondered in my current day state.
I brushed it off, once again.
Everything seemed normal..until I made a withdrawal from GDAX.
The heat erupted in my mind, the same call to action that I felt nearly 2 years agoat the start of all this.
Gdax...Coinbase..the next gateway towards mass awareness and adoption...could it be?
Was this the next step in this labrynth of chance and circumstance?
What if..what if OmiseGo was listed on GDAX?
Soon..soon..echoing in my mind.
The feral spirit repeated to me,when opportunity meets adoption and awareness..the next stone in this vision will occur.
That's when I saw the article: "Coinbase to list ERC-20 tokens as soon as early 2018/Q1".
To be continued..
bump so i can read this autistic shit when i get home
Holy fuck.
Coinbase did say they will list erc 20 tokens soon and Omisego meets all of the listing guidelines.
I want to believe
4422561holy shit what is crypto doing to people ?!
From one former mystic to another, I also see this happening.
OmiseGo as a name I believe has more power in it then the technology does.
The name itself imbues a sense of fun while transacting currency.
It will make money funny again perhaps.
Blessings to you fellow foreseeing cosmic human.
FUCK.
Omisego listed 3 new major exchanges this week.
What the hell is going on?!
>/biz/ is now taking the advice of mystic shamans to make gains
Thanks shamanbro.
I believe.