Daily reminder that after beta is released in December and there are new listings, this will hit 5$ soon.
Shame there is no market for people wanting to buy smart contracts.
This will go to 0 like confido
Yeah of course there will be no market for this once crypto is on it's way to mainstream, right ?Salty Confido-Fag spotted
Lol give me 1 actual use case.
Check mate
I have no idea about programming but want a contract where i can sent my child a fixed amount of btc every month.
I just sign up on blockcat and buy the contract template for 10$ and entered the amount and receiver and stuff in a comfy way.
Blockcat will make Ethereum easier to use, they're going to cause another explosion of ICO's This is going way further than 5 dollars
LOL who the fuck is gonna do that LMFAO
What i think is awesome is that you could even do ICO's as stocks for local businesses, for example a bar-owner who pays you a procentual amount of cash for every customers drink because you participated at the funding ICO of his bar.
I mean ofc there are legal issues for things like that but stuff like that would be possible which i think is awesome because its also a trustless system.
you probably not because you are a greedy and poor confido jew
Also you dont think there is going to be free to use databases of open source smart contracts like these?
Hint: there already is
why would you want to send your child a fixed amount of btc every month instead of hodling?
You know that the team is gonna do support in reviewing the contracts too ?
As a normie i would not just use a random template i found somewhere to send high value token around.You probably compare GIMP to Photoshop too,right ?
So you have a few simple smart contracts to do transfers based on simple conditions such as time.
All those will be freely available anyway.
Honestly you are deluded if you think blockcat is going anywhere.
Also blockcat literally dont need a token.
It was a money grab ico like all the others.
Check m8.
Correct you would not but like anything else there will be a ton of apps to do it for free with a 1 click normie interface (and thats if anyone even wants to use them in the first place lmao).
DELUDED.
Sure dude, thats why the best apps for smartphones are for free, right ?And this was just an example, ofc it could get really complicated but i will not use my spare time to present you a niche contract.Screencap this and post it on Dec 31 here ok ?
Deluded...
niche contractLmao
ok, you might not know this but there is a thing called stackexchange its where all the pajeets get the snippets of code from that solve 80% of worlds programming problems.now you are telling me somebody made a stackexchange that resides on the blockchain and makes you pay for something.
And where are these apps?
You're saying that this product will fail because someone else at some point in time will create a similar product that's better.
That's not a particularly strong arguement
Tell me why the fuck these cunts needed to do an ICO and why do they need a token?
Just create an app and charge in ETH or fiat or whatever.
Moneygrabbing cunts
https://mywish.io/index.htmland im invested in CAT.. but its ambitious .it pumps like a fucker if it gets on a proper exchange though but fuck long terming
The apps dont exist because there is no demand for them hence why blockcat is retarded.
If there is ever demand the prices of the competing products will tend towards zero (open source free development is massive) and blow blockcats insane overvalued marketcap out the water.
shame there is no market for buying personal computers, your apple stock will go to zeroThis is how you sound
He just compared apple to blockcat.
DELUDED.
I rest my case.
I have green ID and trips, you have red ID and singles.
I have meme magic on my side pajeet.
We’ll see in a month.
EZ'ly
Welp he completely ran out of arguments.
Admit that you bought vapourware and you can get out while there are still buyers
does anyone know if the brendan fraser poster is still in the green on his investment?
How exactly are you measuring the demand for accessible smart contract in this case?>If there is ever demand the prices of the competing products will tend towards zeroBy this logic all crypto projects are worthless not just CAT
Mostly they are worthless correct
screencappedyou are deluded
yall faggots ready to go to mars on this one?
if not what you waiting for retards
There has not been a single crypto use case other than the transfer of value.
Bitcoin already did this 8 years ago.
Therefore there never will be?
Kind of confused as to why you browse this board if you believe this
No ones saying you cant make money off shitcoins short term.
But if you are long term holding garbage like blockcat you are in for a bad time.
are you a boomer ?
why are people on /biz/ who do not recognize the economy changing implications blockchains bring ?
if you think that value transfer is the only thing that is possible you should quit