>Hey my name's America.
>Land of the Free™>Oh you want to patent an idea?>Wait, you work for an employer?
>Looks like they actually own it.>Yup, even your mind belongs to the company.Wasn't the main reason America became so prosperous was because people were finally rewarded for their efforts?
does... does it really work like this for you?each day I realize gringos are more fucked up than I thought
Unfortunately, we're a conquered people.
im in EU - but america is a disgrace how greedy
If you sign an employment contract that has those specific provisions, then yes, that's how it works.
Apparently there are a lot of companies that put that into their employment contracts.
California is the only state that has some protection laws against the companies.
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1112808
oooh so it's not law, just a contractalright it's not THAT fucked up
I believe in most states they have to actually prove that you came up with the idea due to your daily work activities.
If you invent something in your free time, it's yours..
not everything you invent belongs to the company you work for, just inventions done on company time, patented with company money.
If you invent something in your kitchen and pay for it with savings it doesn't belong to your boss.Be smart and if you have a valuable idea while working for someone else, patent it with your own money behind their back.
Then force them to buy it from you.
Yes that is what I want to do, how?
hire a fucking lawyer, it's your own fault if you get burned by taking advice on 4chan
just inventions done on company time>patented with company moneynopeJust about every employment contract signed today says otherwise.
>The Company will own (a) any inventions, trade secrets, ideas, original works of authorship or confidential information that Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during Employee's employment by the Company that relate to the Company's business or the Company's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development>...To the extent any of the foregoing is not deemed to be a work made for hire, Employee hereby irrevocably assigns all copyrights, patent rights, and other ownership to the Company...and Employee will not at any time contest the validity of such rights
4369424fite me fgt
this goy gets it.there's still some loopholes though, just have to be smart enough to jew your way to the top.
for example, anyone can "start an SEO company".
there's no license required, and you can do it from anywhere as long as you get clients.
all you need is good reputation and some work samples.
without those you can even just lie.
Just about every employment contract signed today says otherwise.
At least I own my own thoughts
Just about every employment contract signed today says otherwise.you know you can negotiate those contracts you fucking beta faggot
I doubt people negotiate anything but their pay.
that relate to the Company's business or the Company's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or developmentok, that specifically states they don't own everything you invent.
Thats just another way of wording a no compete agreement, and yes it is very typical.
Doesn't mean you can't invent a new blender while working for a car company.
Nor does it prevent you from quitting your job and magically inventing something relevant to what you were doing for your employer the next day.