>Bitcoin came first so it will never di-
BTC = NetscapeETH = WebcrawlerLTC = LycosIOTA = Google
It's weird that people think first-mover advantage is a thing that lasts foreverSomeone may point to Amazon as an example of a first mover staying in first, but that's because they continually improved and innovated in the space they functioned in.
BTC is fucking ages back technologically at this point and will one day be overtaken for it
A web browser can hardly be compared to a webbrowser.A better comparison would be Runescape party hats.Eventually the product will be so wanted it will stay high in price.
IOTA = Google>Going to require specialized hardware for validating transactions (like from your phone, obvious your computer would be fine)The one thing that has me iffy on it.
They need to get a lot of big players on board with them to get mass adoption
Inshallah, brother.
Bitcoin is more like a protocol, not an app.
Think http.
bitcoin also has the most developers, the most security, the most innovation.iota and eth are literally centralized, have zero legitimate developers, and only exist to scam people.
there are many legitimate altcoins, but those are not it.
anything with premine or ico is always a scam that can never be decentralized - premine and ico ensure that.
see faq at /r/ethereumfraud to see how it works out.
4 chan should hunt scammers like eth, onecoin, iota and make them suffer
BTC>the most innovation.
This thread is made by a nocoiner.
Obvious bait.
I only hold BTC and he's not wrong.
People are way too sure of themselves that BTC will be king forever
BCH = Chrome
OP here and I only hold BTC but it's good to have doubts and not blind irrational faith.
A flippening does not seem likely in the short term but medium-long term seems very probable.
Like MySapce / Facebook.
BCH is just about as bad as BTC
If btc had just increased the blocksize this would still be true.People know btc had a 32mb block originally right?
It was capped at 1mb because there wasnt enough hashrate to protect from an attack that is not the case today
Its genuinely worrying and the only responses against it are "durr nocoiner/altcoiner cope" aka no arguments whatsoever
And bumps from some fgt using CubeOS
It very probably will give way to some other thing, but that doesn't mean money can't be made now.
It's weird that people think first-mover advantage is a thing that lasts foreverIt's 10000x more important than speeds or blocks or other insignificant improvements that other altcoins try to show off.
OPS a faggot.
Gold still remains and is used.
We just found something better.
IT WILL LAST FOR A 100 YEARS.
DO YOUR FUCKIN KEGELS FAGGOT OP.
SETS OF 20 GO............NOW HERE'S A TOWL.
It's 10000x more important than speeds or blocks or other insignificant improvements that other altcoins try to show off.True which is why I don't think the thing to replace BTC is actually here yet

Golds properties cant be hijacked by blockstream
except that bitcoin can be programmed with all the latest shit.
sure, theyre taking forever, but if no one wins market cap by the time these upgrades come.... then you really should have invested in btc the whole time.
which, id probably say you should.
just saying.
which are legitimate altcoins anon?
lol, noob must only read biased and censored subreddits like /r/ethereum if he doesn't know about btc progressliterally 100% of eth tech is almost direct copy or rushed copy of BTC research or some other altcoin research.
they have nothing new.
plus btchas 10-100x developers working on scaling and features while eth has almost nobody working outside of ethereum foundation that controls that centralized fakechain.and everything eth has becomes part of BTC starting december 4 with rootstock launch, but designed more securely and keeps main chain safe.
they even have their own rsk lightning network called lumino.
bitcoin has soft forks several times a year every year and core client is upgraded every few months significantly.there are very few legitimate innovative developers.
few legit altcoins are probablymonerobitshares, steem, eos - https://www.cryptocoin.news/news/ethereum/dan-larimer-creator-of-the-fastest-blockchains-now-targeting-sub-second-latency-in-eos-2577/decred - has some of the people who are also working on one of 5-10 different lightning network implementations for bitcoin and getting their own LNkmd/unity/block guys are quite good toosiacoin - distant decentralized storage leadersnxt ardr developed childchains concept which is neat, that plasma ripped offand so on, but most other top projects are complete shit, especially everything to do with eth is years behind on concepts, infinitely behind on decentralization, and so on
Phones can easily handle PoW.
Don't spread you pathetic FUD fag.
We all know you missed IOTA .35 cents.
Pretty stupid thread.Since Netscape is still around today, it's just called something different.Netscape was forked to a new project with a new name, and the original Netscape died.Now Firefox is a major browser.
Only listening to what people shilling their shitcoins say about BTC's development roadmap.
Now Firefox is a major browser.>major browser% market capMaybe 10 years ago.
% desktop usageenjoy selling yourself to google
>Napster>Myspace>Alta Vista>Heat.net>DiggLiterally all digital "empires" are replaced by something better, it's the nature of technology.
Bitcoin is no different and the BTC maximalists are the most deluded people of all.
I'm still on firefox, those are just facts that it's market share is shrinking.
none of these are comparable to bitcoin or currency.
If digits you'll all become rich if you short in the last digit hours.
MFW I only short bitcoin with 100x leverageThe day BTC drops I'm gonna be making money anyway.
And why not?
OH wait, you're THIS idiot...Improvements aren't important, only the first iteration countsDo you drive a Model T to work, jackass?
IOTA>PoWU wot
4474207the network effect of bitcoin is more valuable than the minor benefits that altcoins present, and this will continue for at least 20 years.
It is not comparable to improvements to a car or social media.
I know everyone is desperate to compare bitcoin to something, but we've never seen anything like this before.
You're a fool.
see you at 100k
Hell will freeze over before BTC reaches 100k.
Like I said, btc maximalists are the most delusional of all.
I guess you just missed the fact that BTC was about an ass hair away from chain death spiral a week ago, eh?
He is not and he gets it.
The tech does not fucking matter, the size matters, right now alts do fucking nothing and would require 130 billion in utility TODAY to overtake based on tech.
But king is pulling further away, by the time an alt could make it based on tech it would need to be embraced by the normie on the apple level.
Which fucking shitcoin is going to be the biggest company on the planet?
You are an idiot

pretty accurate actually, btc will always still be around, but it's been forked into a new project with a new name, and the original bitcoin died.Now BCH is a major coin.
I'm sorry anon but it's an entirely different situation
BTC - NotepadETH - The internetGNT - Google
I guess you just missed the fact that BTC was about an ass hair away from chain death spiral a week ago, eh?You actually believe this and I'm the fool?
doesn't understand banks and fiat = nokiaStay in the past
I guess you just missed the fact that BTC was about an ass hair away from chain death spiral a week ago, eh?Found the asshurt bitcoin gold holder
muh kingit's notbanks and fiat = telegrams
The tech does not fucking matterThe absolute state of maximalists.
Delusional is not even an appropriate descriptor.
You're fucking deranged.
Yes, you're the fool.
Did you even GLANCE at the charts, dumbass?
Have a pic related.
has no rebuttal so throw out some random bullshit straw man
Not even a maximalist, no one is buying this fucking shit to actually use it so the money will flow where it can rather than where it needs to
oh, i thought you were a nocoiner, not a bcash shill.
nothing more to see here, enjoy your "flippening"
no one is buying this fucking shit to actually use ityou can't even send btc between exchanges and your wallet without getting owned, I'm sure everyone at least does that
>Bitcoin is a web browsing productWhat's the hash rate on gold vs. fiat currency
Not everyone but OK that is our number 1 use right now.
What are you talking owned though?
I've had no problems
I'm not shilling anything you fuckwad.
I'm pointing out the inherent flaws in BTC.
Lrn2 reading comprehension.
Bcash is just another big pile of overvalued dogshit.
wait a day and pay 10$ to get your coins from coinbase to bittrex>wait another day and pay more money to get put your coins in your walletbtw I buy stuff all the time with crypto, bought medication from inhousepharmacy with bitcoin, traded someone in bitcoin for a private tracker invite, buy things off amazon with bitcoin, and now it's pretty much unusable for that.
what inherent flaws was I supposed to get learned on by your old charts
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=bitcoin+chain+death+spiral
When I'm talking about where the money can flow I am not talking pajeet tier sums, if $10 matters then that investment won't have a problem in the low liquidity alts, and of course all those little guys add up to a lotFor more serious investments, and I'm not even talking institutional level, the $10 will be immensely less expensive than the cost of trying to buy into the smaller coins.
The cost of entering and exiting alone makes it more and more difficult as you run down the list to make any worthwhile play.
even just buying 100$ order of meds, it's a 10% fee use bitcoin which is ridiculous for a "currency".
eth and bch are also very liquid and can actually be used for their purpose.
Yeah well ETH is in the position where it created a need for the money to flow, this year that was the ICO FOMO.
The liquidity wasn't as good as BTC but you could take the hit because ICOs were going so fucking crazy that it outweighed.
Remember the fucking BAT?
Those guys could afford a premium buying up millions worth of ETH AND thousands of dollars in fucking fees because the token gave them 7x worth of room to dump.
We kind of expect ETH to sling up with the BTC rise but the incentive to buy has died down.