This is going to be a long, torturous hold.
Its not going to pump until like may 2018. why hold it now srsly?
Er, for higher returns?
Fucking idiot
Bc it's comfy and I don't like chasing pump n dumps.
go ahead and try to time the market, dude.
have fun
I feel the same way for omg.
How do you know it's not going to pump until then?Also, May 2018 isn't even far away - imagine saying that about an ordinary tech stock or somethingIf you think you can out-time the market on this one, you're likely to miss out.
If you remember moon missions like ANS or ETH one day they just took off and never looked back.
Here are two likely scenarios that will happen to you:1.
LINK rapidly gains 50% in a day and you sit staring at charts waiting to buy the dip - but the dip never comes2.
LINK rapidly gains 50% in a day and you take this to be the start of the moon mission.
You go all in on LINK but it retraces 20%.
You panic sell at a loss and then buy back in for less than if you'd just heldDay trading is possible but you have to have some edge over the other traders.
If it were as simple as "wait until May 2018" then people would start buying in April to get ahead of the curvetl;dr: you're unlikely to time this right
This!
Tired of pnd and tired of holding shit coins.
This will be above water soon enough.
As long as it stays above .000025, then I will have noproblem holding it for quite some time.
anyone else fucking saw the pingpong shit happening on binance?
it's over now that's why im posting about it lol but holy mother fuck, volume increased 60btc in a span of an hour, u know how shit volume is these days.
what happened was the stupid pingpong bullshit between walls.
i literally stared at my screen for more than an hour, idk maybe even two, just pressing max sell and max buy, adjusting as the walls moved.
it just went on and on and on bouncing between walls, holy fucking shit i managed to 3x my shitty fucking stack.
from 1k to 3k.
i know it aint a bcc moon mission or whatever but holy shit it was crazy
at this point I just want it to be able to stay above 20, and maybe some fucking day above 25.
at what price is it considered a pump?
1 dollar?
>changed my link for confido>about to rocket the fuck up as we speaknow this is what we call real C O M F Y
Not to mention unexpected news (the SWIFT rumor today was a good example, or the cancellation of segwit 2x that no one saw coming) and the possibility of being listed on other exchangesThinking you're smarter than everyone else is a recipe for losing money.
Seriously, > Its not going to pump until like may 2018How do you know this?
Sure, that's when the network is due to go live.
But everyone knows this, not just you.
You might think it's smart to buy in April instead, but don't you think someone else has also thought this as well?JUST FUCKING HOLD AND BE PATIENT
fuck its still going on
what is happening?
Whales giving us free links?
what are you buying and selling @?
You can't compare this to stock investing.The opportunity costs of holding an alt not projected to moon for 6 months is huge.Lots of other coins will pump before then.
BTC itself will probably pump to 10k by then and you'll just lose sats by sitting in LINK.
$1, $5.
$10
i dont fucking know honestly.
didnt want to say shit prev cuz i didnt want others to get on this shit too but holy fuck i thought it was over.
idk whats fucking happening.
an idea i have is that maybe this is a way for whales to "pay" binance w/ fees, i dunno, i read somewhere about that.
but maybe im retarded.
fuck, who cares, lets ride this shit
why hold BABA stocks when RAD is about to pump to the fucking moon in the next few months
ok mr. oracle genius.
thx for telling us the future
i stopped for now because i need to do some shit im gonna be back in 15 mins i hope this still keeps going.
wherever the walls are, then as long as theres a 30 sats diff i bounce between them.
i didnt really care about maximizing profit because it just kept on going and going on anyway
thisgood luck when it pumps even a little bit to 40c and you basicly lower your chances of making it by 2xWhen we're gonna be cashing out and driving lambos at lets say $20 you'll be bagholding to $40 to have a chance of making it
You're right.
It is literally impossible to time this right, there is only about 2 minute time frame.
Everybody saw what happened after the fork was canceled.
It exploded in an instant.
As it turned out to be bad news due to BCC being on the rise, it retraced again.
But when it is the real deal, like "We add Link to Bittrex in 3 days", then you better have your Link ready.
And that is the problem and what makes it unbelievably frustrating to hold.
Literally every pump so far retraced 100% and it was better EVERY TIME to just sell and rebuy.
That would have been like easy 300% stack increase over holding without doing it perfectly.
So the lack of confidence is still ongoing, and it won't change until the idiot team gets their shit together in terms of communication and not fucking ignoring the people that sponsored the project with 32m$.
The opportunity costs of holding an alt not projected to moon for 6 months is huge.True, but how do you know which coins are going to pump?
I made my stack buying ETH in February and started traded alts once the price stabilized.
I made some money, but I also lost some.
If I'd just held bitcoin, say, I'd be better off.Every day there's a thread dedicated to some new shitcoin that's "about to moon".
And even within those threads there are people saying "no no, -MY- coin is going to moon".
For example: I'm sure some poeple here make money day trading.
But I bet most don't, or rather, they make gains but at a slower rate than if they just held.
Segwit 2x cancellation was a complete surprise to everyone here.
I'd say yesterday the opinion was a 50/50 split between BTC and BCH.
My point is that no one really knows what's going to happen in the next 24 hours in crypto unless they're a whale orchestrating the pump themselves.
Just look at the /biz/ catalog and tell me a reliable way to discern genuine advice from total fucking bullshit shilling
I just realised that LINK isn't even on any noteworthy exchange.
It's on Binance but no one looks at binance.It's a legitimate coin with excellent prospects, one of the best long term holds, and yet it isn't on Bittrex, Bitfinex, Poloniex, Kraken or any Asian exchange yet.I'm becoming more and more tempted everyday to move some ETH into this.ETH, OMG, XMR and LINK make for an excellent portfolio.
BCC now or never!
It won't get on Bittrex for months.Recent ICO without working product = security.
They won't list it.And the team won't even approach exchanges because doing so would attract the SEC's attention, and they don't want to get BTFO for committing securities fraud.
And the team won't even approach exchanges because doing so would attract the SEC's attentionNot this bullshit again.
This whole, can't approach exchanges shit started with the ENG team.
The reason the ENG team cant do it is because it is literally on their website that ENG is an investment platform you goddamn retards.
The SEC has been very clear that utility tokens are not securities.
yup.
DNT got on bittrex.
and it's a utility token for an unfinished product...sooo that guy is retarded.
Easy.
Blocknet will pump when the exchange is up and running.
Salt will pump when their service is launched.Those are practically guaranteed to happen before the LINK mooning.Don't you remember what rory said?
"We're open to new exchanges.
"They're not actively working on it.SEC said just yesterday that they're not seeing any new ICOs that aren't securities.
That's why they're gonna make them all register as such.Even though LINK is just a utility token, it's a utility token for a product that doesn't exist that was undeniably sold early to raise capital and bought as a speculative investment.
That's why it's a security.
It doesn't need to pay dividends or anything like that.The team is gonna be silent about the token and not say anything that could be construed as promoting it.
That's why Sergey isn't mentioning in his presentations.
They sure as hell aren't approaching exchanges.
I sold my req and link for ETH and will buy back in a week or so
Their team is European.
They're not scared of SEC.
Blocknet will pump when the exchange is up and running.
Salt will pump when their service is launched.But EVERYONE KNOWS THISIf you knew those coins were going to pump then it would make sense to buy slightly BEFORE then so you can get it at the lowest priceBut if everyone has this attitude then it makes sense to buy before the people who buy before the pumpBut if everyyone has this attitude then it makes sense to buy before the people who buy before the people who buy before the pumpAnd so on.You have no information that isn't also known by pretty much everyone else in this game.
Do you really think everyone is just going to wait until the day before SALT releases their service before they buy any?
If the information you're using as the basis for your trades is this simplistic you'll always be playing catch up to the people who anticipate the sheep and crowdthink (you)
If you can't sit through the wait you don't deserve to be rich.
When it finally happens it will be glorious
you are going to make it
I had the same with ARK before it finally mooned to 4$.
I held all the way from 0.20$ and made big bucks out of it.
Just have to be patient.
Don't you remember what rory said?
"We're open to new exchanges.
"Thats a rory problem, not a cant approach because of the SEC problem.
What you were trying to say implies that the team can NEVER approach an exchange.>SEC said just yesterday that they're not seeing any new ICOs that aren't securities.He said that majority of the ICOs are securities.
You really think he'll say that "oh but LINK really is not a security because its a utility token".
This coin isnt even talked about that much outside of /biz/ and you really expect the SEC to think about it when majority of the other ICOs are acting like securities?> It doesn't need to pay dividends or anything like that.You goddamn retard, it will be a security if it paid dividends.
This just confirms that LINK is just a utility token.
ditto and checked
EVERYONE KNOWS THISNo they fucking do not.
And many who do are busy chasing current pumps and aren't keeping their money coins that are a month away from pumping.BLOCK especially is at way too low of a market cap.
Are you telling me the pump is priced in?
No.
It's impossible.It sounds like you're confusing yourself with some kind of reverse psychology.
Crypto traders are a herd of morons.
Even if they do have information they're not using it.
They're trying to increase their stack NOW and move into these pumps when they start.
When this shit hits $10 ill be fucking rich, for only hodling 12600 @0.15.
Too big of a chance to miss.
how much did you make?
This guy gets it.
but all the idiots just chasing the moon missions and pumps they can never get early into are less of a problem than we might think.
things are merely different because of it.
yes, there will be less steady gain, but more of an explosion if such potential is disregarded too long and when you can't really FUD it any longer.
it makes holding just more tedious but even more rewarding when the mission starts.those guys will be late to the LINK party and their fomo will just make it more of an explosion, because most of the people won't make it into the 2minute timeframe you have before the take-off.
think of it as being smart if you hold, don't care for a while and then get surprised nicely.
Easy.
Blocknet will pump when the exchange is up and running.
Salt will pump when their service is launched.>Those are practically guaranteed to happen before the LINK mooning.lol, ok bro.
go try it
about 70$k since I only put 5k$ into the thing and sold a bit too early.
but barely any stress because you don't need to time anything.
You just hold and sell until you feel comfy.
But your breath has to hold for more than 2 weeks.
6 months is a good indicator if you want to make serious money.
Thats a rory problem, not a cant approach because of the SEC problem.
What you were trying to say implies that the team can NEVER approach an exchange.They can once LINK can be used as a payment for oracle services.
Until then they're not going to imho.>You really think he'll say that "oh but LINK really is not a security because its a utility token"The majority of ICOs are utility tokens.
I can only assume he's also referring to any token released before it's ready in order to raise capital.>it will be a security if it paid dividendsI'm saying that utility tokens ICOs are also being viewed as securities and the SEC isn't going to exempt them from being regulated.
4323627the most it wlll ever go to is 4 dollars
only 20x gains :(
When the LINK Mission to Zeta Reticuli starts your ass be better prepared with lots of cheap LINK from now.chainlink is a huge step forward in the tokenization of assets worldwide, smart contracts open up thousends of possible use cases and business opportunities.
It can connect literally every blockchain together and use their individual data in a secure smart decentralized contract.chainlink is a tool of the future and it will further the automation of finance industry.
Muh marketcap argument
still a profit
Holy shit dnt is on bittrex, why haven't it moond?
tfw it has to be like 1000$ so I can make it
How come DNT and SALT got listed recently?How did Ripio start trading on Bittrex the day of the release?That whole SEC securities thing is such bullshit.The team is not looking for other exchanges, plain and simple.
When wlll this be available on Bittrex?
I'm very interested, but h8 binance.
It's funny how decentralized exchanges is one of the most anticipated advancements in crypto yet Blocknet, which shall be the first truly decentralized exchanges to launch also consistently has the lowest volume of the top 100 coins.If Blocknet deploys SPV and the new UI this year I think it will be easily one biggest moons of 2017
Not to mention this the volume in above pic related is right after a major event (new UI reveal)
> mfw i bought in at .43> mfw it dipped to .38 so i bought more> mfw i refuse to sell now > mfw i either go down with the ship or see you guys on the moon, no inbetween
Because it's cheap now and I can just hodl and forget about it since it's not a pump & dump shitcoin.
ChainLink will NOT be on Bittrex:likely reason: unregistered securitySorry Linkies