I like you guys since I have made some money off of the more smart calls here, I am going to give you a call.% chance or so I am right>Bull Flag is forming on the 30min chartBUY IT NOW!
Sell at 0.000135 or so for a quick buck, its about to break the .2 barrier!
Like NOW, now?
Am I not gonna find an entry point before it pops?
Am I not gonna find an entry point before it pops?it might go down to .10 before pumping, enter at .105 or so
Ok, I like the waveform so I'll keep a window open and buy when it hits a bottom
looks pumped
Gonna buy in soon, don't trust that I'll find a bottom in time
why would anyone buy high?you guys are being played
Google bull flag
fuck thatalready caught to many knifes today
I don't think you can predict crypto that easilyI could be wrong
TA works in crypto
Buy high, sell low, do it the real /biz/ way!
Oh fuck the triple 7 get.
Might I have made a huge mistake?Bought in at .000115.
I'll monitor my position closely
sell if it dips to .10, but hold its gonna break
Yeah fair, I better figure out how to set a stop loss on Bittrex
its not that TA works its that its a form of communicatoin and self-fulfilling prophecy between whales
Bitcoin was moving like this yesterday before it pumped up.
It didn't want to go down.
storj already pumped ages ago you fucking retard
when I make $12,000 of this trade ill come back and laugh at your stupidity
Don't be evil
yeah I made money off STORJ.
At this point it's already pretty high though.The best way to multiply your money in this game is to jump from somethign that is currently pumped, to something that is about to pump.I jumped from STORJ and NEO into FCT and ZEN this morning.Kicking ass so far.
small correction before it starts gaining rn?
That isn't the right thing to do brother.
Be humble.
Fuck being humbleYeah it might be an hour or so but its flagging
Technical Analysis
Interesting resistance pattern.Mind telling me more?
I was killing myself today looking for a coin to enter
Implying Bitbay is gonna pump or that it already has?
I was killing myself today looking for a coin to enterSame.
Felt like I was clicking my mouse broken.I feel like I need a better software than the bittrex web interface.
Something where I can watch multiple at once.
I also am looking to learn!
Pajeet pnd check discordGet out asapThey want u to hold it til Saturday?
Lol ull b ded by hen
I like you guys since I have made some money off of the more smart calls here, I am going to give you a call.
its already rising.
Please do!
You would make my day Anon.
Hello newfag.
Atleast I'm not from reddit.
Awwwwww shit OP here we go
here we go big moves
you guys are welcome.
one hour from nowNice call on the time.
What's the target for this?
It's at .12... gona keep climbing?
keep climbing !
4386723yes keep buying .135 is target sell
Wow
It's still 0.00011829 on bittrex.Are you on poloniex?
What exchange is this?
Binance
I looked at Tradingview
I'm out don't want to be greedy and cost myself.
Congrats on this, seriously.
I will post more calls in the future, here is my BTC address if anyone wants to donate, if I get some more I can give out more calls in the futureSee you guys laterBTC address: 1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjW
WOOO perfect timing!!
Same.
Thanks for the tip, OP.
I'm out too.
Thanks OP.
I missed this one because Australia, And I only have .1 btc to my name anyway, do you want to create a discord/telegram for future observations?
If you keep paying off I'll gladly throw revenue back your way.
No I don't, but I will post in the future as any OP post I make I will include these donation addresses so you can confirm its meBTC: 1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjWETH:0xed4768d188e561bf910a61d6cb6efd492aeaea93I will be back in about 6-7 hours with 1-3 more calls
Holy shit OP I just made like $40 thanks for not being a piece of shit like everyone else on 4chan.
no problem, I will post more calls in the future.Good luck
I'll be at work, so i'll miss this one too :(I've capp'd your donation links, if I make a profit of your next one I'll tip you 5%.I just made this new discord and named myself after the poster id, if you can be bothered (I understand if you're busy) do you think you could mention the next one in it so I don't miss out, at work?
Thanks :Dhttps://discord.gg/Yk3scA
Should have stayed a little longer.
It's still pumping.
Wow 24hr volume for Storj is insane, 1/3 of its marketcap
it will break 1.2, I would sell at 1.3 to 1.35
I went from .059 BTC to .064 BTC with this trade.
To do a tip to that address do I do a withdraw function on Binance?
JUST starting out so wanted to send you .005 BTC for the tip if that seems fair, but still learning how to do this.
yeah
A lot of "should have waited a little longers" have cost me money in the past when I tried stock trading on Robinhood.
I'm happy.
For sure.
Be happy with the gains you've made and move on.It's better than losing.
Woooah 8btc buy wall at 11900 on Binance, here we go!
It's amazing to me how markets on different exchanges move in sync with each other.
(:
I'm going back in.
be careful
Ok let me know if it doesnt work for some reason.
Last time I did a transfer was from Kraken to Binance this is my second transfer ever.
I'd tip more if I had more
Tips are appreciated greatly as people would usually pay a lot of money for this type of information, but I will give back to /biz/ since there is occasionally a decent call or so on here.I have many more up my sleeve, more donations more calls
Ah op thanks for the tip man.
Good shit on this.When should be getting out?
Any specific target?
Wanted to go to bed now.
He said .13-135
k or 135k range
I just wish I could be on when you come back in 6-7 hours I'll be asleep.
is it over?
Its still going up but I already traded out.
It's getting close to the peak he said it would reach right now
Very good shit senpai, just got out.
fuck, I missed this.
I lost so much money in BCH, and I just want to make it back but I just don't know how!!!
Slowly grasshopper <:) this is a man wearing a chinese hat emoji
it makes me so upset I'll miss op's next prediction.
Me too I'll be asleepOh, well, easy come easy go :)
4386906op please shill to me on this discord later.
:C
I will make a semi long call.>LMC on Bittrex>Marketing event is Friday >Current chart shows accumulation zone, large pump is going to happen friday through saturday>This is dependent on Alts going up>Possible 2x maybe even 2.5x gainsVolume should be increasing by friday morning, coin is Chinese so expect it to pump a lot when the Koreans/Japanese/Chinese are waking upYou're welcomeBTC Address: 1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjWEth:0xed4768d188e561bf910a61d6cb6efd492aeaea93
Forgot to mention notice on the chart another Bull flag is forming at this very moment, its a great call> 80% chance of 2.5x> at least 90% of 2x> 96% chance of 40% gain at least
What do you think of these:POWRNULSMOD
On the chart for LMC or for STORJ?
I'm still learning how to properly read charts.
NULS will be good if it gets on Bittrex.I don't know enough about Mod to talk about itPOWR im 50/50 on just due to the ratio of bids/asks.
LMC, it says so in the top left corner friend.
Thanks for the idea man, I'll look for an entry point
No problem, I will post more calls tomorrow as I don't think I will have anymore for a day or two.LMC is the only clear for sure call I see atm.
UPDATE ON LMC>Realized volume has increased exponentially in the last 12 hoursMAY MOON WITHIN 28 HOURS
What do you think of RCN?
It's had a nice level of support and it seems to be accumulating on an uptrend
what do you think of GVT?
4387557RCN is a 50/50 risk I think, high risk if you buy rnGVT I am not gonna act like I know about it.
posting another call >EDG on Bittrex>buy at 8.8k sell at 9.7k
Do you just crawl graphs/volume amounts to see when something is spiking in any way?
I'm looking at LMC, and the chart is unimpressive while the bull flag does look obvious overall it seems like the volume is hella low?
but I didn't check the volume before now so i'm ignorant.
Does look like a rising pattern, but I'm not seeing 9.7k as a target... could you share your thoughts leading to that target?Thanks for the call btw :)
Can you verify that you're this goy?
I think OP is kill
Those look like the same BTC and ETH addresses.
Quit being a fag and trip.
please
I am this goy
So wtf happened to EDG?
omfg, look at those neat little waves.
This isnt being manipulated at all.
From what I've observed though, now its going to crash.
They establish a trend, and once a pattern is obvious they cash out and the price crashes.
Dont buy this coin anons, you'll get fucked if you do.
I meant for future threads, its easier than looking for your exact donation seeds
Wait till they actually go online, or at least keep an eye out for the announcement, guaranteed 25% gain, possibly more.
This was supposed to be a short term trade... oh well, only down 2% from when anon called itWill remember not to listen to this fgt
confirming my new tripcode, I will be posting more in future.Generally will be on in afternoons WEST COAST time
much appreciated, will be on the lookout
TA for anything else than entry pointsit's like you wanna get poor
Tfw finally dumped my month old bags at 0.77USDUreshii desu.