I learned about BCPT because of an in-depth podcast.I read through the BCPT whitepaper to better understand the ideas and applications from top to bottom; this research takes time.I watched several videos, including details about how to get whitelisted and how the Credit Protocol works.I followed up on social media (mostly LinkedIn) with management to verify their skills, experience, connections, and more.I put money into Coinbase to get Ethereum, moved some ETH into another wallet, then "bought" into BCPT with that ETH.https://seekingalpha.com/article/4126231-blockmason-credit-protocol-high-risk-high-reward-situation
who has full access to the article
shitcoin
First, I'm planning on holding the BCPT that I already have.
I have a small position and I'm planning to hold my BCPT for at least 3 more months, if not much longer.
I don't mind being patient.Second, the BlockMason business has a strong technical team.
They rapidly iterate their designs and software.
They communicate.
There's a lot happening in real-time and they talk to investors directly, 1-to-1.
I've personally interacted with top management several times via chat.
They are growing big time.
They are going 5x with internal development capacity due to the ICO funding.
So, I know where money is flowing - real growth.Third, I'm excited about the opportunity to "stake" my BCPT.
In effect, there might be a way to rent out tokens for use by applications on the network.
Loosely speaking, this is an innovative way to generate a type of dividends from the BCPT token.
This is on the horizon.Fourth, I might be adding to my BCPT position using Binance.
I've also heard that BCPT is available for trades on KuCoin, which is another exchange.
Based on everything I see, I am guessing that BCPT will move onto larger exchanges in the next 3-6 months.
That will further increase liquidity and demand.Fifth, the Digital Coin Collective is going to be getting another special update about BCPT in the next 24-36 hours, if you're interested.
thank you kind anon
there have been like 5 posts on this in the past hour
better than the sad confido posts, we gotta regroup together /biz/