I Am leaking Palm Beach confidential on the November 20th when it gets released I am also leaking premium signals from Paid resources dailyI am also pumping coins because I make news stories go viral with Normie moneyJoin me in the back end pump room for the information.t.me/pumpnotifiergroupI'll see you there
Why are doing that?
whatever you say there scammer boi
I joined
did you signal grs, nuls, bch, xlm due time?
If not, go fuck yourself
Nice.
LA44049195B your fucked
We are not scammers we come in peace if you don't like money that's fine we understand most people here don't like money but the six people who just joined do like moneyTrading does not have to be a zero-sum game all the time you greedy piece of shit I will smack the shit out of youYou're lucky this is anonymous because I would put your face into the fucking concrete
Don't talk to me like you know me.
For the people just joining us you have to understand most of these people are scared they don't like change they don't want us taking over their business they want to make all the money for themselves they get very jealous they call us cameras all this bullshit so they can make more money well that's changed I'm now going to make you money we are going to start our own thing these people can go fuck themselves I will give away all the information for free so you guys make money don't listen to these wack ass fucking bullshit people saying it's a scam they are greedy
You faggots do know Im reporting every single pump group I see right?
Ive gotten over 25 people arrested dont think Im not doing the same for you
GO FUCK YOURSELF, REPORTED FISHING MODS !
Guys don't listen to clowns like this they are greedy selfish assholes they are not getting anyone arrested it's all just a big lie because they are trying to scam you they are other groups that shill on Most of these pathetic wannabe hackers have no idea what they're doing come join a real group because I will personally make you money you have nothing to be worried about whatsoever and personally buddy if you were in front of me I would smack the shit out of you too you're not getting anyone arrested you're lucky this is over the internet you want to run your mouth and I find you you better watch your fucking backBecause soon when I infiltrate your networks and groups you will have no other choice but to deal with me so I would shut your mouth right now because when I find you people who are running these things on 4chan you are going to be very sorry so don't fuc with me
Dont use the word faggot thats child shit what are you 10 years old
You fucked up by showing a serial number.
Now you will be investigated, guarantee it, if you did nothing wrong than your good to go.
I don't believe in kindness.
Why are you doing this?
Daily reminder that by the time anyone here gets ahold of the PBC pick, everyone who's subscribed has already bought in 15 seconds ago.
You're the dumb money Teeka's betting on.
Don't disappoint him now.
Ahahahahahahaha stupid fucking hilly billy trash scamming faggot
You haven't answered my question.
I already have access to pbc, i just want quality signals.
Now there are two reasons why you'd give away info for free:1.
You are trying to grow a pnd group and profit off of normies and tards.
2.
You are a commie and believe in providing free service.
Either way, I asked you a simple question.
What's your track record?
Which paid groups do you get your info from?
(because most paid groups are shitty pnd groups also).
We are not scammers we come in peace>You're lucky this is anonymous because I would put your face into the fucking concrete
I'm in this group, and I'm very conflicted.
They have about 4mm to pump a random coin.Smells like I'm getting bamboozled if I join.
So I'm just going to watch and see how they play.
I'll report you guys later
I'm definitely a communist because I am sick of you fucking other groups coming into 4chan to spam your shit and ruin these people's lives wasting people's money so now I'm going to give away all your real shit for free end of story you don't know me I've been in this business since 94 I'm way above a lot of you and I'm coming to take over end of storySo while you tell these people about your fake chainlink pumps I will be actually revealing the real information to take money away from you people
And if you don't like that I'm from Boston we can meet up and square up I got no problem with fucking prison you bullshit fake ass wannabe hackers you guys got shit I got a private Botnet in my back pocket suck my dick
what the fuck are you talking about?
I'm not affiliated to any groups and chainlink here is a meme you fucking retard.
You came here to lure pajeets and tards in your shitty pump and dump group.
I asked you for your track record and also asked you which groups you get your info from, you havent given any answers.
Go fuck yourself
This is a better group if you want to confidential leaks.https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG
hello again, for the good wholesome people here that just want to make money and don't want to deal with the bullshit I'm sorry you had to see my bad side
4325683This is the mastermind behind the group.
Fucking kek.
I am not revealing the sources that I pay for publicly if you want to come in the group message the group administrator I might give you some information you're not going to come and talk to me like I'm an asshole and then get me to be nice to youI actually don't want any unintelligent people in that room at all I'm looking for smart minded people hereI'm looking for people with a head on their shoulders that knows what the hell they're doing I have a track record with rep on sept 13 and byc in october.
I pushed storj past 9000 resistance on November 4th to $0.70 and I'm doing it again starting November 13thThe page signals come from other groups and I'm revealing them but not which group it came fromAnd please don't post your shity Discord channels in this thread no one's got time for that bullshit this is an actual pump group Wolf of Wall Street type shyt I'm not fucking around
I may not be a smart as you but I can tell you for sure I make more money than you if you're not at the $3000000 level already then get fuckedOnce again sorry people had to see my bad side there are a lot of groups here I called them gangs they have private botnets they will tell you the wrong coin just to lose you money it's all a big Ponzi and I am done with these people these so called grouos shiling to innocents on 4chan those days are over.
end of storyend of storyAND THATS FUCKIN THAT!
END OF STORY!
I can co-sign for this
The signals from Paid channels that filter into this group are amazing
hey im a fan since their original group
things will work out theres a lot of money to be made
BE CAREFUL PEOPLE!
This poster wanting you to join his group doesn't even know what date the PB newsletter comes out.Also I have joined one group in the past.
People get comfortable and all of sudden they are talking about the anatomy of someone under age.
Don't get caught being a member of one of these groups.
It doesn't matter if you posted it or if you are reading it.
You are there!
That is enough to go after you.
You are taking a chance with your life and freedom for a few dollars.
We make News go viral to get normally money into specific coins.
That is the back-end pump group used to pump initially
Following up to my post here.
This group has been reported to the appropriate authorities along with screenshots.
I repeat, DO NOT GET CAUGHT BEING A PART OF ONE OF THESE GROUPS!
You might step away from your computer for ten minutes, and when you come back, the comments are no longer visible without scrolling back.
It doesn't matter because you were there!Is it worth taking the chance?
These people are strangers to you.
They are not your friends.
Don't risk your freedom.
Also since these are open invitation and anonymous, you can be sure there are people there who are also monitoring the situation and every post.
4325940What's with all this samefagging?