BCC will go back to 0.4 right?
I can't believe how stupid I am, put 10k btc in it at 0.41347000, it goes up to .42 and then just fucking drops rock bottom and btc goes up instead.
Even why?
It makes no sense at all?
Already down 5k through the drain with a very heavy bag on my shoulders
its overwe have seen the scheme
Because Bitthumb crashed and everyone thought it was a PnD scheme, and people still think that.
Rodger Ver is gonna pump this back up though, hopefully by tomorrow after the fork which will improve BCC even more than it already is, this thing will on round 3 against BTC in the flippening.
its because bithumb got ddosedbe patient
To be honest this still might have another run tonight/tomorrow so don't sell now, but shit dude this is why you don't FOMO
Should I put another 5k in?
Then I am 90% in crypto with my savings but at least when it does x2 I made my money back and profited too.
Or will it fall further??
it's going up.3k by end of day.just hodl.
LARP, but yes it will go above that.
fucking hope so cause otherwise im ruined
You must be an absolute fucking retard to buy a coin that already had the biggest moon in history
Sorry to hear that.
I am in the exact same boat.
Lost a lot less than you but its still a huge blow for me because I am poor.
New here and bought into the hype.
I never comment here, I only read this board.
I am doing this for more then 4 yeras already, and I ahve seen my fair amount of shit in this cryptoworld.
I just wanted to say one thing for once.
What is happening now, has happend many times already, on many different coins, some of which are in the top 20 now, some of which have dissappeared.
BCH will go up again.
It hat to literally collapse after such an unnormal rally.
Don't worry, just hold it.
It will steadly grow in value.
biggest moon in historywhy are /bizraelis so retardedto say such dumbfuck things in crypto should be punishable by law
It makes no sense at all?It makes no sense if you're a deluded retard that only listens to biz and doesn't think for himself.
99% of people here are either new, or total fucking brainlets that only follow the great majority.
For everyone that has experienced the fork, this should have been crytal clear.
based lurkerheed his advice
I most likely will drop further, the party is over and and an EDA will drop the BCH difficulty, making bitcoin more profitable to mine.
You FOMO bought like a nigger in watermelon season and more rational players took your money.
In the future, never ever jump onto a moving train.
again
You FOMO bought like a nigger in watermelon seasonHoly fuck my sides
you just need to buy morebuy more bch and don't listen to smartasses here, trust me, bch is the way to go
drop furtherBack to 1440.
Next stop 3000 baby.
so you started today?
You're a fomofag.
Is this surprising?
You're not making it.
See you back with heavy bags at $300.
You got chinked.
Pls