feels good trusting in Satoshi's vision as opposed to a bunch of nu-male reddit devs.
you didn't get tricked by the core shills' FUD did you anon?
$1600 before sunday night
>muh satoshis visionthis is a pump n dump you dumb faggots
holy fuck stop lying to yourself, you don't care about the technology only about the price.
BCH will come crashing down and money will flow back into bitcoin, just like it did every single time from the start of the year
4305872corecuck posters are getting saltier and saltier as the day progresses
of course theyve been tricked...BITCOIN CASH IS THE FUTURE
says the increasingly nervous core shill for the 5th time today
bitcoin's panicked devs rushing out that whitepaper change and update says all we need to know.the flippening is happening
nice counter shitlordcome see me when you're homeless so I can laugh at you
settle down friend, you're steaming.
buy some Satoshi's Vision to calm you down
>this is a pump n dump you dumb faggotsAt this point you must be fuckin delusional or straight up retarded.
When BTC drops to 1k you'll probably be saying that it's the correction too.
>shitoshis vision
This.
Delusional Blockstreamists
I have a better picture
But, what?
BCH has confirmed bearish signals and acts accordingly, BTC has confirmed bullish signals and acts accordingly.
What are you smoking?
Are you married to BCH or want to profit?
Time to wake up cashies.
Tomorrow Btrash difficulty goes up by 400% and back again to 5 hours blocks.
Dumped it before you cannot move your shitcoins
It will go up as long as BTC goes down and BTC is going below 6k for sure so it's still a great time to buy BCH
This is what I don't like; you use "Satoshis Vision" as in this is what he wanted.
I can guarantee you that ASIC was something he didn't foresee.
Since there is no ASIC resistance, few people can manipulate the whole blockchain and make it totally centralised, yet you advocate decentralisation.Disclaimer: I don't like Blockstream and their agenda, but I don't like Roger Ver and Jihan Wu's agenda as well.
It basically a battle between villains and we small fish are getting screwed in the process.Tl;dr - this is definitely something Satoshi didn't envision.
I can guarantee you that he lost faith in the whole thing.
(if he is alive and watching this)
43061704306208more core tears plsmy blockfolio doesn't say I'm getting screwed at all
Shit my bad did Bitcoin gain 3x the TPS or does it have 10 minute transaction times??
does it even have under a dollar fee?
oh yeah it doesn't I wonder why its plummeting and the forked coin that has a solution to the problem is gaining value.????
hmmmmm that's weird af
Well, Bitcoin is rising up very decisively, there's almost no resistance when it's going up.
On the other hand, BCH is dealing with major rejection.
You can look up the charts on your own, can't you?
Wake up pajeet.
Btrash in the best case scenario can handle ~20 tx/sec.
That is not a scaling solution.Is simply a chink scamcoin designed to ripoff retards.
It has no future, since there is no devs nor roadmap and it will fall in the exact same way as Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin classic and bitcoin XT.The fact that you are making money in a Pump and dump garbage shows nothing
Nice!
So when bitcoin and bitcoin cash annihilate each other ethereum will come along and pick up the pieces.
Look faggot, I own 60 BCH and 60 BTC, but as a rational actor I don't want a fucking flippening because it will shake consumer confidence in crypto forever.
Additionally, your whole 'satoshis vision' bullshit is culty as fuck and off-putting.
The vast majority of BCH is burnt, as in it will never leave the address it currently resides in.
The price is artificially boosted to this level to squeeze some profitability out of mining and try to 'flip' bitcoin.
This is illogical.
You do realize Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin are the fucking same coin retard???
Bitcoin Cash is an improved version of bitcoin that went through a protocol change.
Its called a hard fork stupid If you don't know what that is gtfo of crypto.
Bitcoin Handles fucking 3 TPS and has 1mb blocks and they are not upgrading to 2mb so Bitcoin Cash is the only true solution and there will be more forks in the future when we run into more congestion or any other problems that is in bitcoin white paper tardo
OMFG HOW DO YOU OWN SO MANY BITCOIN AND NOT KNOW WHAT A FUCKING FORK IS FORKS ARE IN THE BITCOIN WHITE PAPERFORKS KEEP BITCOIN DECENTRALIZEDOF COURSE PUBLIC WILL NOT UNDERSTAND AT FIRST JUST LIKE NONE OF US FUCKING DID YOUR GONNA MAKE ME PINK WOJAK FROM FUCKING READING YOUR TEXT
AHHAHAHAANo you stupid mongrel, there are not the same.
Does Btrash have Segwit?Segwit will allow schnorr signatures, MAST, LN, Dandelion.
All those improvement protocols will not be in BtrashBut I give you that in the future the chinks scammers will launch again a new copycat of Bitcoin and name it "Bitcoin Sewgit Cash" once their Btrash fails
4306455seeing red corecucks?
I'm only seeing greenobviously he's a brainlet if he's holding all that bloated corecoin and not cashing it out into satoshi's coin
You do realize Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin are the fucking same coin retardThey obviously aren't but your kind never stops lying, its your only tool.> Bitcoin Cash is an improved version of bitcoin that went through a protocol changeIt is a disastrously adulterated version of bitcoin that was created by a tiny group of people, pumped by the same group, and because of the EDA, it didn't vanish, it was designed to limp along whenever it has no support.
If it doesn't get profitable over bitcoin before they remove the EDA it will die.> Its called a hard fork stupid If you don't know what that is gtfo of crypto.So smart because you know what a hard fork is.
Congratulations.>Bitcoin Handles fucking 3 TPS and has 1mb blocksBasic Bitcoin transactions are 226 bytes, they can range from 192 bytes up to a full block.
This depends on what the transaction does.
One transaction can payout to hundreds of people, so when it does 3tx/second (I'll get to that) it is really doing much more economically.
The actual transaction amount processed by the network in a given time depends on how many blocks were mined in that time.
If three blocks are mined together in 7 minutes, and they were all full that is (about 4k transactions in a block) ~12000/420 = 28.5 transactions/second.
If it takes an hour to mine a block, then it could be 4000/3600 = 1.1 tx/s.
It ranges in bitcoin, and it would and does range in bitcoin cash.
>they are not upgrading to 2mbNot under bad actors, and its always better to wait because network tech is improving.
>so Bitcoin Cash is the only true solutionObvious fallacy.>there will be more forks in the future when we run into more congestion or any other problems that is in bitcoin white paper tardoMaybe, but none will do as well as either bitcoin or bitcoin cash, I think bitcoin cash actually has a special place as the first fork of bitcoin.
I don't want a fucking flippening because it will shake consumer confidence in crypto forever.
I have 800 BTC, 3300 BCHNo, I absolutely want a flippening, because it shows the ability of markets to freely rally behind evolutionary improvements to crypto even when corrupt developers on the payrolls of corporations backed by big banks stand in the way.
Divisive as possible, shill tactic.Your post is at 90 degrees to mine, derailment, shill tactic.That is a reasonable argument, but why do you consider BCH an improvement?
I too enjoy larping on the internet wanna meet up?
Post your best Bitcoin cash memes
Satoshi's vision wasn't miner centralization you fucking cuck.
There you have some Satoshis Vision, fags
itt: btcucksall hail the king, BCH!Satoshis vision will make crypto great again