Because I made a fuck ton on POWR, NEO and BCH this week, I will just point you guys to the right direction one time and one time only.Instead of FOMOING into the above coins right now, you should be looking at ZEN, Teeka's last recommendation that is going to have a big ass announcement coming and is poised to moon like the above : )Do some research, use some of your brains ok?Your welcome.
Seems it has already recently mooned 4x.
Appears your trying to take a dump on us.
Whatever failure,, it's your choice Not gonna waste time on retards like you
*You're welcome
What the hell, it literally started mooning a few minutes after this
Rebranding soon too, see logo contest winner
can you faggots stop being so cryptic and just link to whatever news you think will make the coin pump?teeka is a good salesman but as far as crypto is concerned he might as well be retarded.
his calls are self fulfilling prophecies because of his massive list.
why do you think he's banned from trading stocks?
Other recommendations maybe, but the featured ones are always solid.
Power ledger would have been shilled by him as well but we found out early.
that's all fine and shit but can i get more than just " :^) trust me /biz/ ;)"
You will never make it retard :)
People are STILL sleeping hard on ZEN...
It will rebrand AND release a MAJOR privacy/security upgrade.
The market cap is only 50m...
This coin will easily 10x over the next year.
20x is possible too but 10x is practically guaranteed.
You will make it.Screencap this thread for next week before the normies realize it
Secure nodes will move from testnet to mainnet very soon.Also the rebranding, yes.And PBC will mention it tomorrow (not the main focus, but mention again nonetheless).
You will make it as well, congratz
the probability of me having more money than you is like 100:1 but keep being a faggot.thanks.
Made me laugh, thanks you stevie wonder idiot
When are nodes or whatever coming?
I just sold ZEN for CVC.
But might buy ZEN back.
Thank you.
I have $10k worth right now.
A 10x would be nice!YW.We don't know for sure, but soon(TM).
don't buy into, I already chased out.
too late boys.
4458984appreciate the tip but your bitch-made "holier than thou" attitude is probably why people talk shit behind your back.anyway i just doubled my position on zen.
Nice just bought 100 k