https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-segwit2x/2017-November/000685.htmloh shit, wtf happens now?!
BTC drops, new alt season?!
bitcoin cash to the fuckin moon
bamp, I need teh advisings of leet haxor 4chin.
Is this real?
WE ATH NAO
Wtf, my LINKs are gone!
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh
bitcoin is not dropping, just increased about $200 in the last 30 mins.
Alt's are officially dead.>-52% on all positions
>meanwhile btc mooning
75687568756875687568
b-but why?
No more free money
WHAT DOES IT MEAN
YES
btc to 100k in a month
BTC is now literally 7700 $
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
WTF, IS THIS TRUE?
LOL 7700 and bitstamp loses all sell wall
 Final pump.
So the fork is actually cancelled?
YES GET FUCKED 2XFAGS
Uhh... this news made btc spike up?
So assuming investors were holding back to get into segwit2x, now they're just moving to segwit1x instead.
What the fuck, this piece of shit is never crashing is it.
Pastebin that shit nigger, you don't actually expect me to click on a crazy clickbait news link with a bunch of generic posts in the thread do you?
I CANT GET INTO KRAKEN TO MOVE MY FUCKING COINS FUCK YOU KRAKEN FUCK YOUUUUU REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE MTGOX ALL OVR AGAIN FUUUUUUUUFUCK KRAKEN AND YOUR SHITTY SERVER DURING A FUCKING HUGE BTC EVENT
HOLY FUCKING SHITIT'S REALTHIS IS NOT A DRILLIT'S FUCKING REALBUY INTO ALTCOINS NOWBUY BUY BUY
tfw just earned $250 per coin by hodlingsalty alties fubarred
ITS FUCKING REAL
now theer's no reason not to buy alts.
this last run is probably massive fake tether pump, to eliminate margin traders who tried to short at the top for profit.
LOL, this "market" is such a big scam.
thankfully i held my alts (that i bought cheap) XD
BUY ALTS NOW!!!
The Segwit2x effort began in May with a simple purpose: to increase the blocksize and improve Bitcoin scalability.
At the time, the Bitcoin community was in crisis after nearly 3 years of heavy debate, and consensus for Segwit seemed like a distant mirage with only 30% support among miners.
Segwit2x found its first success in August, as it broke the deadlock and quickly led to Segwit’s successful activation.
Since that time, the team shifted its efforts to phase two of the project - a 2MB blocksize increase.
Our goal has always been a smooth upgrade for Bitcoin.
Although we strongly believe in the need for a larger blocksize, there is something we believe is even more important: keeping the community together.
Unfortunately, it is clear that we have not built sufficient consensus for a clean blocksize upgrade at this time.
Continuing on the current path could divide the community and be a setback to Bitcoin’s growth.
This was never the goal of Segwit2x.
As fees rise on the blockchain, we believe it will eventually become obvious that on-chain capacity increases are necessary.
When that happens, we hope the community will come together and find a solution, possibly with a blocksize increase.
Until then, we are suspending our plans for the upcoming 2MB upgrade.
We want to thank everyone that contributed constructively to Segwit2x, whether you were in favor or against.
Your efforts are what makes Bitcoin great.
Bitcoin remains the greatest form of money mankind has ever seen, and we remain dedicated to protecting and fostering its growth worldwide.
Mike Belshe, Wences Casares, Jihan Wu, Jeff Garzik, Peter Smith and Erik Voorhees
Fucking shit fuuuuuuuck, had to sell my alts at a slight loss because of this and get into BTC.
Now there wont be a fork crash AAAAAAAAAAAAAH
HOLY SHITTT, I HATE THIS FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT EXCHANGETHEY PROBABLY KNEW ABOUT THIS ALREADY, THAT'S WHY THEY'VE BEEN DOWN THE WHOLE FUCKING DAYFUCKING SCAMMING PIECES OF SHIT
4249455it's not down you fucktard
WTF they just cancelled my free moneyyyyyyyyyyy REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
which porsche model should i order naooo, or tesla maybe?
now watch BTC moon.
hold on boys
Fuck fuck fuck.
Do I buy in now?
Is there gonna be a dip?
btc just went up like 300 bucks in the last hour.
Alt season still coming
what does this mean for link?
This whole thing was one giant scam, Core, Jihan, Vorhees, Roger, they were all in on it together to pump the price
Why the fuck would it moon if the fork is cancelled?
this is good for link
Fuuuuuuu livestream on yt now talking about it
ETH about to go on another run.
Everyone was holding BTC because of the impending fork.
This throws it all off.
BTC due to go back quite a bit when everyone resumes their positions on alts.
holy shit xD
link to livestream plx
It is already anon
Still don't understand how BTC has any form of future.
It isn't scalable for shit.
What happens when transactions take weeks to complete?
Eventually the entire btc network will come to a halt.
bcash is now a legitimate pawn in this "battle" going forward, miners will pump it up, or just put more resources towards it.
it's worth holding some until a direction for bitcoin is clear.and don't think this money is coming into alts anytime soon.
do any of you realize how depressed bitcoin's price has been even with all this fork-coin mania simply because of the attempted chink takeover?if the uncertainty is gone it's going to fucking explode, and only after it finishes it's rally and looks like it's going to retrace are people going to move back to the alt positions they left for free coins.
wtf do i do now
24 change +13% :D mane smaller hedge funds are swimming in money
should I sell my BCH now????
lightning network is coming february 30th 2019 bro!
I did.
I may get back in to it after this bull run.
WHAT DO NOWW HOLY FUCK!
BUY SHITCOINS?????
I HAD MY STRATEGY ALREADY PLANNED FUCKING PIECES OF SHIT
$ on bittrex.
Do you still doubt?
4249644You did not answer my question.
Why the fuck are we seeing this pump if the fork is cancelled?
what the fuck...
I'm all on alts and I'm getting fucked really hard, fuck this shit.
because there is now stability
because the free money story was balls.stable, no drama bitcoin is worth more.here come the hedge funds lads, hold on to your nuts.
THIS DOESNT MAKE ANY SENSE LMAO
Deluded LINKIE reporting in.
Just bought that 350k wall enjoy the pump niggers
because segwit2x was not agreed upon.
it was a 40/60 split in mining which could've destroyed either one of them.
there was no agreement like segwit.now that there is certainly no chance for a fork and no risk of something going wrong, people are buying in.
7900!800 dollars up on the day for every single coinWell done, everyone.
It was IMPOSSIBLE not to make money this dayFor everyone else consider the antisuicide advert at the bottom
of course it does.
the chinks tried to take over bitcoin's development using pawn developers like that jeff dude, the community saw right through their shit, and the real developers didn't want any part of it.while jeff was attempted to make changes to b2x and fucking up every time.
the miners realized they'd fucked up and wouldn't even be able to run their forked client to mind with given how unstable development had proved to be, but they kept quiet, hoping things would get better.they didn't, so they pulled out.chinks btfo.
Buy King Bitcoin and stop wasting your time on alts and shitcoins.
I really doubt this, people were buying in before the fork for the free coins at snapshot, this is a fact.
you don't understand the market.
you are running under the assumption that the fork would increase demand while in reality it was depressing demand.
now that it's removed the market is rising.
I went al in on golem...
Is there gonn abe a dip after this bull run?I guess I'm going to go in for the first time at $1k..
....
the reason is simple.This is a good newWhen there's a good sentiment, value raise
This.
Idk who they are but someone sure as hell planned this
bitcoin has become such a pain in the ass, it's fucking unreal.
World crypto network livestream
Haven't seen that, sounds like a targeted ad anon
Altcoins will go to the moon soon!Better buy them alts faggots, altseason has begun.
on bitstamp, I did jump that by $12.
Sorry anon>He wasn't all in btc when it moooooooned
I really hate bitcoin desu
damnit, you may be right
SELL SELL SELLbitcoin is dead - unusablemake profits while normies don't know wtf is going on
WHY THE FUCK IS EVERYTHING MOONING AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
not a fact, just news echo chamber bullshit.
people guess at explanations, and report on it.media is a trash can
WTC mooning.
Just gained 40%.
Q: Why does blockstream want bigger blocks?A: Because they want LightningQ: What is lightning?A: An off chain solution for bitcoinQ: Is it decentralized?A: In theory yes, but for there to be any significant improvement BTC needs to go through large "banking" hubs which will take a cut like 1 - 2%.Q: How does lightning work?A: Transactions between person A and B are kept off chain until enough are made.
Then the final balance is made and BTC is actually moved.Q: So what is the issue?A: Most people do not transfer directly between each other on a regular basis, instead it will be a lot cheaper to pick a "banking hub" which keeps track of played and received and does it at the end of the month all at once for a smaller fee.
This is centralized.Lightning is banking 2.0
>Panic sold my XLM at 390 sats because of the fork being cancelled>Not 30 minutes later it shoots up to 430 sats againWHY
>tfw locked out of buying btc for the next 2 days
Walton having heavy resistance and I only bought it yesterday at a low to get out of BTC since I thought it was gonna dip>put a sell order just a bit higher than I bought>never reaches them>suddenly it moons and I sell at the tiniest profit and miss out on everything>can't even buy more link with my profit since that's mooning tooI FUCKING HATE BITCOIN FUCKING FORK FAGOTS FUCKING MY LINK PROFITS UP TANKING IT FOR 2 WEEKS THIS MAKING ME MISS OUT ON THE MOON FUCK YOU BITCOIN IS THE REAL FUCKING SHITCOIN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Jumped to VTC right at BTC ATH, Immediatly VTC started to moon.
> Strap comfy you goys