I just want a clear answer why they can't take two minutes to contact major exchanges.
Why do they keep hiding from this question?
Devs should stay price neutral, if they are trying to suppress so 'institutional investors' can buy in, that is a huge breach of trust with investors who gave them $32 mill.
It is time to stop treating investors like 'game theory' adversaries and tell the truth.
We must push them for an answer.
Don't let them pull this shit as BAT did to us for months and now BAT is 90 % collapsed.
Exchanges are flooded with shit erc20 tokens they don't want anymore
They are expecting exchanges to contact them so we're going to be stuck on binance for months.
Ever thought that maybe they aren't shilling and trying to get it listed because they don't want it to be listed as a security?
sergey needs to lose some weight
LINK was just a classic exit scam, all that's left now are bagholders fighting bagholders to get out with the least loss.
You are not an investor.
You are a speculator.
Investors care about products, not exchanges.
Sorry if your 120 dollars have not turned into 1 million USD yet.
Sorry if you are so fucking stupid to think that Sergey showing up on Telegram would make a difference and be good for your spoiled brat ego.
Get a life.
helping 4chan losers by getting a bittrex pump is not their top concern.
the coin CAN moon on binance, just look at fucking WTC.
they are working on getting the network of decentralized oracles running, as they should.
Because they literally do not care about exchanges.
That's all.You aren't important to them because you aren't a giant business with valuable info.
Either accept the fact that you will most likely be sitting on Link until Summer 2018 when the network goes live or sell now.
I personally don't feel like getting caught with my dick in my hand if there is some announcement and it goes 4X when I'm not looking.
Sure.
Every scammer would gain the trust to work with Swift on a POC with their strategic customers.
Every scammer would be invited to speak at Devcon3.When you grow up and get some real life experience in the tech industry, you will get some sense of the team has been delivered so far.
But I doubt that you will have the brains to work in the tech industry, you will probably ending washing up dishes.
This.
How heavy are those bags?Maybe I'll buy when it hits bottom around 1k sats.
During the biggest bull run in BTC history while under intense FUD the lowest it got was 1800>While other ICOs released in the same time frame hit half of their ICO price
doesnt answer why they cant take two minutes to get it listed
As stated they don't give a fuck about exchanges.
Binance sought them out and they sort of shrugged.
If Binance hadn't done that it would still just be on ED,
Just board the ARK you fags.