Im gonna make this thread a few days now, so i can reach the active bizlers.If you got scammed by me, mail me and you will get a full refund + free shit.
It's too late for you, my little scheissen esser.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeee
lol just because you got doxxed fucking scammer
LOL
What a fucking piece of shit.
You'll get what's coming for you.
Du scheiss Hund, dir sollte man ins Gesicht spucken du hässliche Kartoffel.
I want you to suck my dick with those pretty little red lips of yours.
stop being such a faggot good godjust man up and mail them the plushies
4502158Kek fucking idiot weaponized autism will ALWAYS get you at the end.
Now fuck off scammer
4502219actually if you want proof, i started doing this before the dox.
want me to find it or just rage mode?
nah nobody needs proof some one will find you weaponized autism isnt just meme
give me a few minutes, will have to remember the keywords of that thread
I bought one of your fucking scamplushies.Refund here: 0x7D4637C1c1c766fcB22E2355f94921BB4d92aec1Don't be a fucking faggot.
if you did so, you sent me your adress via mail.
reply to that mail.
He actually did.
I rmemeber
Why are Germans such faggots on the Internet?
yep, still searching.
yeah he was about to get doxxed
Wait... is this that guy I remember from months ago making polandball plushies?
You think I used my personal email?
I made a one time email and never logged in again after that.I didnt expect to get my money back anyway, so screw you scat lover.
noI think this was the dox thread, in this thread i replied with the thread i made like a day earlier saying i would give everything back:https://warosu.org/biz/thread/S4416160#p4417390
then send me your transaction - you can still find that in your eth wallet - and a new mail with the adress you used.
https://warosu.org/biz/thread/S4416160#p4417390my fail THIS was the thread i made before the dox, i wanted to link the dox thread in which i pointed out the link i just posted.
so why you "donated" the money when you could have just returned?show me the donation transaction to your "local kindergarten" and I will forgive you
i have no transaction i just went there and gave it to them
(also i overdid it a lil bit, it was just 500$)
What a load of bullshit dude.
You live in Germany.
You can't just show up at a kindergarden and hand over money.
Even if you could they would legally not be allowed to accept personal donations.
You even said in another thread that you lied about the kindergarden thing.
You are such a scammer and lier dude.
YES i didnt donate anything, but if i have 2 contradicting things, i gotta go with one
about to say this
Give me the name and adress of the kindergarden and i will give them a call and asked if they received any donations.
Can someone explain to me who the fuck is this guy and what happened?
4502454the 100% truth is i got liquidated on bittmex, all the plush money is gone which is why i only send back the people that actually mail me
So another lie.
Then you lied about being on the brink of bankruptcy and getting kicked out of your apartment and having no money to repair your car.
Why did you lie about this?
i can post liquidiation mails i got from bittmex and trades if you want proof,i dont know if this makes anyone feel better but i lterally made no profit of of this.cat is out, i just didnt want people to see me for an even bigger retard.
wow fuck this guy
So what's the actual 100% truth :^)
that one is actually truebut after that i just spinned it further and further.its also true that i work at mc donalds now in order to make up for my losses.
I can proof that too if you want.
The 100% truth is that he scammed people so he could play the roulette on Internet money.
Tell me where and all will be forgiven
that one is actually trueIf it's true then why did you use the money to Short on Bittmex?
i can give you a timestamp of me in uniform but i cant tell you where, literally doxxing myself
I want to come say hi
i longed, the flashdrop from 7,4k to 6.8k liquidated mehappend in like 1 minute, exchange was lagging like crazy aswell
>see a post about a sad guy on the verge of suicide>shoot him an email telling him not to kill himself>couple days later get a mass mail to 30+ email addresses about delivering plushies
i honestly wouldnt mind, i would love seeing some people from biz.
well not anymore because most hate me now but you get what i mean
But you said you were going to use the money to fix your car instead you used it to gamble.
So you lied about this as well.
You are a compulsive liar and scammer.
jezus you're a lying retard..and bad at it too.
just stop man.
just..stahp
i repaired my car with mommy and daddy donationslike i said, i was at 0 and about to get kicked out.
They helped me out a little, but only if i started working at mcdonalds.
this one is true.
i dont know if i have contraticted myself in another thread, but i promise everything in this thread from here on is true.
anyone can make that pic.. maybe an old uniform or someone elses..need concrete proof
is there anything i can do besides refunding.i really wanna make up for this.
you're gonna get your face smashed in with a pickaxe man
i got loads of this basic stuff they give you when starting
Quick rundown?!?!
hey guys i make plushies> thanks for purchrase, coming soon!> i want to kill myself now!> thanks for donation, im better now!> wait.png> nothing happens> where is plush?> it was scam, sorry i gambled money awayand here we are
OP I made you a LinkedIn account.
Trying to get in contact with recruiters to get you a new job at Burgers King.
wat
Kek, my sides
Oh wow.
Nice!
uh what even is linked in
blockchain asset manager at Bittrexkek
okay i deserve this.saying again, contact me on mail if you got scammed by me.im gonna go cry a lil bit
uh what even is linked in
Who the fuck buys plushies?
kek, I'm too lazy to do anymore though.
Bout to sleep right now.
U still making plushys brah?
Just refund the people over time and say sorry.
We all have difficult times.
TOPKEK
I'll accept nothing short of you an hero on live stream, or someone else will do the job, which may result in 72 hours of pain and your family going with you.
You played with the wrong people.
you are the biggest retard hereyou should have an heroed when you had the chancei think you need serious mental help dude...
 gets scammed 35$> would even get it refunded> its about HONORpls achmed
Why do scammers scam?
It's more profitable long term to actually deliver.
let me elaborate on this,it was never supposed to be a scam.i would have made 15$ profit for 3 hours work if you payed 35$.shipping costs are insane
scammers are most often low IQ and just in it for the quick buck, or if not low IQ, they suffer from an impulse-control disorder (mentally ill) usually in the form of drug or gambling addiction (not uncommon they suffer both simultaneously) basically they have no foresight and only care about the now.
it's also extremely rare for these people to ever change their ways without severe external intervention (extremely punishing consequences)
Youd be making more than working at mcdonalds if you hadnt scammed!
Top fucking kek
most businesses aren't profitable at all for the first 2-3 yearsyou'd have been better off to suck it up and work for $5/hour and actually delivering to try and make a name for yourself and see if either you can reduce your time requirements as your skill improved, or outsource to pajeets, or buying bulk materials and thus getting a discount to lower cost that way, or increase your price if the product is well-received and orders started increasing.
hell maybe you do such a good job you get mentioned on a large social media account which results in massive orders.
you never know.
instead you bitch out because "it ain't worth it", shits pathetic dude, you aren't cut out for it.
i make 9$ an hour at mcdonalds, so nowell i am studying but i can agree that i tend to be gambling addicted.But i really want to make up for it and "change my way".
I am offering everyone that got scammed a full refund and some free meme stuff i made.Also i said this before being doxxed.
me
this may be true, but you gotta realise i have to put time into my ... whats the english noun when im studying something
Was it pink Wojak plushies?
Wtf how could the scammer fuck up such an golden opportunity
Wha tthe fuck is this even about?
yes it was, and i explained it up herewith this anon elaborating on it
Plushies.
Nigga do you even read?
if I could read, I wouldn't be on /biz/
You’re a fucking faggot, you know that?
You must have a lot of time on your hands bitch
GEE FUCKING WILLIKERS, YOUR PARENTS HELPED YOU OUT.INCREDIBLE, AFTER ALL YOU'D FUCKING POSTED ABOUT THEM NOT WANTING ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOU, YOU FINALLY SUCKED UP YOUR SHIT-TAIL AND FUCKING ASKED FOR HELP, LIKE I'D FUCKING TOLD YOU TO.Well, good.
You got a job, too.
Also good.Your plushies always looked like some mental-disability shit, so stick to school and work, okay?
Fuck /biz/, they won't do shit anyway.O myOP was a gay nigger, pretended to be suicidal to make beg threads, then got drunk and high and fucked off to normie-land.Frankly, it was all painfully clear from the get-go
why is it in English?
are you trying to scam us again?
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA he actually works at McDonalds like a good little wage cucking faggot.
The Jews win, you’re a “good goy” dick sucking faggot
its still in german, do i really have to make another pic?
`well i ruined my chance at the crypto game, i honestly see nothing bad at working there.I speak fluid german, so with 90% there being form somewhere else, i always get the comfy spot as the thadeus.Cant life from parents any longer, got my own apartment, so money has to come from somewhere.
If you don't honour the Agora, you are not worth the Shekel.
Prepare the live stream kafir
You have one chance to grow into a man of his word or forever be a lying worm.
Finish what you agreed to do and accepted money for.
Make the plushies no matter how long it takes and send them all.
thisit's not about the money, keep your word or you will regret messing with /biz/
my plan was to send a refund + a plushy to everyone that contacts me, and just refund most that didnt.i sent out one earlier today, the white boxes are dox prevention
4501698Holy shit this is great news.
I had no idea he had been doxed.
You guys reported to authorities yet?
He's definitely committed crimes.
That's not good enough.
Refund people if they ask you to, but to everyone else just send the plushies.
Don't worry about refunds just complete your original goal.
If you can do it, you won't hate yourself and you can actually have some pride in accomplishing something you set out to do.
Well the thing is before calling the authorities you could just mail me and get a refundIs it even illegal?
(Dont want to be a smugass, legit question) since there was no agreement like on amazon or ebay
Expect us.
You don't need a written agreement for every purchase you make retard.
Its absolutely illegal to tell someone you will do x if they pay you y, and then you don't.
Its called fraud.
Not even worth it.
No authority is going to investigate some guy from Germany scamming you out of bitbeans.
Any punishment will have to come from those scammed.
Okay, thanks
..... which im offering compensation :c
Refund is not a compensation we will accept.
We demand what little is left of your dignity.
I propose sharpie in pooper to be absolved.
You see i would go with most stuff like actually hurting myself, sharpie ..But since i am pretty much doxxed, i dont want to make it worse get what i mean?I can go with stuff involving blood if you want that, but no perverted shit.
I propose that the next dubs will get to decide what you must do for atonement.
Roll
Kek has spoken.
Choose wisely.
anon :c
 push ups
I really hate you plushtard.
I sent you triple what you asked for because I’m nice.
I want you to suffer for your crimes.
You will go down in /biz/ history as the dumbest scam artist of all time.
We WILL make you regret your decision.
give me your transaction in a email and i will send you the plushy + your money back + a chainlink rubix cube i made.
Of all the boards to get doxxed on, I think bizz would be the worst.
People here are permanently tweaking and will do anything for money.
Anon i’m certain you have some good ideas, I formally let you choose for my dubs
Do we have his address or anyone's contact?
It's nice to actually get some justice here for once.
So many fucking scammers online, and it's nice to actually get one this time.OP fucked up.
He's going to jail.
Was hoping i could bail you out sorry plushfriend
second dubsKek confirms.
2 sharpies in the pooper with timestamp while wearing mcdonald's t-shirt.
I somehow can't get into the mindset of some people here.
Yes i am a dirty scammer, but i was offering a refund even before being doxxed, because i legit felt bad about it, yet people want to see me burn.
Yeah you committed a crime and people want to see you learn your lesson.
The more pain you feel, the more you learn that lesson.
You could have prevented all of this.
sharpies in pooper 
45038612 sharpies in pooper, just get it over with and be done
I agree on this.
But i want to have most of the people here that actually said they would come for me agree on the will of kek aswell.
I also will take precaution so this will have no face, because i dont want it to be connectable to my real life in any way.
I'm glad you didn't neck yourself after all plushtard.
4503693spon in butt
OP you are so stupid.
This is your own fault.
You posted a pic of yourself then ran off with the money.
That is some nigger-tier decision making.
You’re totally screwed.
I respect the will of kek
sharpie in butt now
I don't really know who you are or what this is, but after reading this thread... it needs to include face.Why?
Because it looks like you took hundreds of dollars from people on /biz/, scammed them, and then lost all the money after getting margin called on bittrex.
So now you don't have money, yet you're claiming to do refunds.
You also claimed that you gave away the money to a local school?
We can't believe anything you say.
I don't give a fuck if you work at McD's.
tripsDo what this anon says.
Now.
i said somewhere this thread i didnt give money to a (kindergarden) schooli still got eth left so i can refund, but the problem with sending the plushies is that i dont have fiat money needed for shipping and materialthe money i earn is needed for living costs
honestly i made a few pics its impossible to 1. get a good angle where you see the shirt and sharpies2.
face is even more impossible, and i simply cant agree on that.
Shut the fuck up, you're a self aware scammer.
Nothing you say matters anymore.
You're getting what you deserve.
if you wanna make another roll, my ex-gf was into assplay so... this is more a dignity aspectif you want me to bleed, i can bleed.or i can just do a few giveaways of meme stuff i made, like pic relatedthe reason i wanna redeem myself so badly is not because im scared of those anons that claim to be coming for me, its that i love the biz community and actually want to make memes without being called out on the plushie stuff everytime
I agree with the sharpie in pooper (with face) sentiment.
That would satisfy me, and show that plushtard is truly sorry for his crime (and let's be clear - it is a crime).
We'll find something else for you to do.
Or you can get doxxed plushtard.
you see, i wouldnt mind this all, but the problem is that i belive someone could harddox me AFTER the pic, which would ruin my life pretty muchso i am sorry, but i cant accept anything that would destroy my honor.
(i am refunding anyway, so atleast go a LITTLE bit in my way please.)
Trips cannot be disobeyed.
I suggest you do it quick before someone rolls quads.
You're only option is to KYSYSBetter to do that now than face the wrath of /biz
Stfu, we don't thread lightly with scammers or liars.
Ruined life or not, it's not our problem.
You didn't even make any attempts, because if you did, we'd see them.
Working on pepe;
I can upload them but they would not be accepted, so why upload them in the first place
Stick something up your ass and take pic with time stamp or I’m coming to visit you at your work.
I’ve already zeroed in on which McDonalds location you are working at.
You made this way too easy to find you.
You scammed me, so do what I saw otherwise I’m going to fuck your life up bad dude.
Fair warning.
I’m only a 4hr train ride away from you BTW.
I really gotta go learn now.
If just one of you guys mad at me was not larping - contact me.
I WILL compensate you to a point where you can forgive me.
OP frantically triangulating all train stations within 4 hour distance of his McDonaldsPretty sure this guy is Dutch judging by his impeccable English skills.
You are done for, faggot.
No one shall disobey Kek.
You will regret this.
No time stamp.
No sharpie in pooper.
No Face.
Haha, this guy's so fucked.
This is entirely possible.
But let me be honest here: i am offering a refund + making up for it.i simply cant belive someone like you is for real.i respect the will of kek, but i also spoke my limitations before it.
Did you ask about the limitations of the people here who you scammed like a nigger?
What about their loss off dignity?
Or when you shamelessly lied about donating it after being exposed?
You are a dirty deceitful earthworm, plushtard.
Wrath of Kek is drawing nigh.
I am done here, i wrote a letter for my parents incase one turbo autist actually comes for me.I am willing to bleed on cam for it, but thats not something you guys will accept, yes?
Because?
Well because i offer it, doesnt matter that it would be immensly painfulAlso i am gonna refund and compensate everyone that asks for more.if that is not enough, then i cant do anymore here.i made a mistake and i try my best to make up for it.
Just shove a sharpie in ya bum
their dignity?
When sending someone btc?
None of them are doxed or exposed in either way, even when i have their adressesnow lets be clear, give me the transaction ID you sent me, + the first few letter or something out of your adress and i will cut your id into my hand, or im writing you off as a larper.
What a fucking tit.
post the pictures you apparently already made of two sharpies in your buttif you're not lying and you did make them then there should be no reason not to post them.
this is your way out.
post them.
Dude, this is what you need to do: I know it's possible because there's a ton of porn examples (ass and face) online.
TONS of pics of women doing it, so you can too.
Nobody's asking you to fucking bleed you fag.It's funny, you're choosing your entire life over a sharpie pic with face.
Oh well.
Your choice.
Fuck off
how can you speak of limitations, or what options are your right here on /biz/ after you scammed me and several others out of money?
Do you realize how unjustifiable that is, you have zero ground to stand on.
I would really rather not, but I am dead serious plushtard.
A 4 hour train ride for me is not shit anyway.
Do you really want to confront me?
Do you want to challenge what I am capable of doing to you?
Are you not only insulting my intelligence by stealing and scamming from me, but now my questioning my word?
I am giving you FAIR WARNING here.
If you don't do this, you are going to wish you had.
I will fuck your life up man.
I would rather not, but if you give me no choice, I am going to do this.
For myself and for the others here you scammed.
kek wills forgiveness
He dares to disobey the will of kek... Oh boy....
I have a very low tolerance for bullshit.
You're fucking done for.
Over plushies.
Heh..
Kek wills sharpie in butt with face and your stupid pink plushie in the pic.
Ok im out leaving this as a final statement:If you are mad and want compensation, drop me a mail with your etherscan transaction.i will pay you back, add a plushy, and add 50$.If you dont accept this, you are a larping faggot.
4443You are fucked.
4504296i dont see this same witch hunt for JOOS and his merry band of cuntfidos even though they scammed many more people a heck of a lot more money compared and are probably on a beach rn with a bunch of cosplay slave pets enjoying all the wealth they scammed.
compare that to some german cuck who has to pay for mohammads to support his 12 children working at mcdonalds.thats punishment enough i would think.never fucking change /biz
Off by one, faggot.
Also i will stop browsing biz, you guys are crazy
See you soon bro.
Don’t say I didn’t warn you.
I’m going to fuck you up man.
I can’t believe you aren’t going to man up to what people on here asked for.
Your choice I guess, for now anyway
Trying to scam kek tooLOL
where are the plushies?
Ya, probably help you destress a bit while others plot.
Do we know his address?
> plushtard is a babyfaced 6'3+ jacked streetfighter monster> y-you scammed me
hey OP can I order a plushie too?
Hey plushtard i sent you an email lookin for an update, I'm still willing to pay you extra for the plush if you do deliver.
Like I said, I really dont care about all the drama I just want a plushie lmao
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Are you some sort of cross breed Nazi, Kike?
how much money did plush nigger actually get from everyone.
OP, do not give any of these kids money back.
Especially the ones "threatening" to come find you, over $35.
Just a bunch of 16 year old prepubescent children spouting hate, love what /biz is :)
~$4500
Like this guy right here;Actually 19 years old Living with his Grandma or AuntMost likely smells like Doritos and sweatBTC portfolio value under 1
I hope plushtard gets creampied by Ahmed and Jamal
Why did you do it?
ahaha im such a retard, yes im still lurking.500.4500 would have been like 150 sales, come on.
Never fuck with 4chan retard, how fucking new are you?God, you're stupid.
Check out the fucking shit they did that is accounted for.Whatever, you brought this on yourself.
Protip: they do not forgive and do not forget.
It's not just a meme.Better you just stfu about the whole ordeal so you don't annoy people further.
well but the reason i dont stfu about is because i want to compensate people, im already refunding, and i wanted to do something else as well.now that i read all the shit above, im just tilted.
BTC 30 year old male, home owner, 2 cars, index of pussy.
Definitely don't live in my moms basement, and what the fug are doritos?
I was trying to help this little shit out, and he scammed me.
I will gladly spend the 40 euro to visit him at his fast food job and post the results here.
Get your popcorn ready folks.
I actually would have no problem to talk this out in real life, i am not a bad guy.But what would you even want to talk about?
I mean, if you are german you know how cucked we are about violence.
Great fucking LARP, champ.
But quick tip, as someone who actually do "have an index of pussy", NO ONE, and I mean NO ONE, that actually does, says it like that.
Yeah I also totally believe you have 10 BTC, I also have 1000 BTC!He scammed you for $35 euro, if you had 10 BTC, you wouldn't be a little bitch about $35.But honestly I'd love to see a fight between two midget Germans, please film it
wait, now one second.
there was not one person ordering from me, that lived in or next to germany.explain.
Wait you seriously have never had Doritos?
That's fucking shitty.
Go buy a bag of cool ranch Doritos and ship it to naziland
You're such a fucking liar Plushtard.
You even said in the last thread you made 1.2k off this scam.
https://warosu.org/biz/thread/S4416160You better fess up to the police now because you're gonna be in jail for a looking time.
I ordered from you.
Am German.
why did you post this here and not just send another email to all of us who bought plushies?
i already stated above that most of this thread was lies in order to not look like a (even harder) retard.if you want, i could probably take the time to proof it with my trades
Just mail me again i will refund.Really, i didnt see any german mails i am sure.
Fuck off now, you'll get what's coming to you.
Jesus christ dude why were you even still posting in the first place?
You think big bad biz is gonna do shit?
These guys are all tourists from meme boards.One simple post, tweet, email whatever the fuck you use to get your refund offer on the table is enough.Also if youre spastic enough to buy a goddamn 4chan plushie of all things, you honestly deserve to get scammed
just fuck off fag/thread
You just said you don't have the money to refund.
Im tired of this cuck.
I would like to see him and the 56 BITCONEE NIGGER btfo
just mail me i still got eth left.4505176/thread
Proof
Yo faggots this isn't /b/.
Cut the guy some slack.
Euro turbo autist here.What town in Deutschland does this fag live in?We are coming for the plushies.
Good idea.
Lets march.
I made a mistake"Sorry officer I didn't mean to rape that woman and murder her children!
""Ok then you're free to go"You see it doesn't matter if your crime was a mistake or not, it still needs to be punished.
Have a great life fag.
Saxony
Yeah, what's up?
Great, I am in Poland.
Thick slavic dick for little German twink.
Someone give me a quick rundown on these plushies.
Did /biz/ get bamboozled again?
xc9b6bAaCE873b378a28068b7e90EF28b3218A9e7Was one of the first you cunt, give me back my eth.
Im in the chain email aswell.
Some depressed kraut made a thread showing off his shitty chainlink plushy, and then after various improvements he started allowing people to preorder them alongside wojak plushies A bunch of people started buying them and the kraut made well.over a thousand dollars It was later revealed he wasn't sending.or makiny any, and after various lies it's come.to attention that he blew all the.money gambling cryptoNow they are doxxing him unless people.get refunds
Quick rundown: Yes.
TL;DRcan sombody explain WTF is going on here?
fucking kek
I feel the need to correct this:He made 500 (said so above)Also hes refunding everyone, this whole thread is just turboautists wanting sharpie pics
TL;DR: Yes.
Around 4500.
There, fixed it.
Then please do, thank you
saying he made 500>not realising he scammed thousands out of you assholes and showed off his 3k net worth
He better not be the same Anon that made those lizard keychains because we actually liked him.
No that guy is American, this is some.filthy kraut
sigh, since you guys keep coming up with new stuff let me make this clear.i am at 0.This was intentionally a "smug" pic, which is why i added money.If you want, i can take my time tomorow to make a detailed line of my transactions for you, that proof i am at 0 now.i made 500, do you realise just how many people would need to buy one in order to reach 3k, let alone 4,5k?
4505678should have saved that pic though, my hair looks pretty good here, now i regret cutting it for my gf
Why is there a fag here who thinks this is not an anonymous image board?
anon you just opend my eyesi just had some kind of mental block over this allthanks dude.everyone who contacts me is still getting refunded, but suddenly im happy again.
photo of Tyrone blacking your gf's ass including timestamp and we will forgive you
You said you had $3k
we are in saxony, nearly no tyrones, here.
only achmeds and abduls and the occaisonal pajeet
yes I SAID.let me explain this to you:> feel bad cuz at 0> see "post your networth and face"> dont post 0 because that is pathetic> post pic with smug face, and get a few funny reactions, making you smile and forget about being sadBy this i dont mean the people i actually scammed, but the "PLUSHTAAAAARD" posts always made me smile.
good enough
What did you expect exactly after scamming a bunch of people?
well, i expected everyone to be happy about receiving money they thought they lost, and actually getting a plushie aswellinstead just hate hate hate
wait plushtard, since you said your ex-gf was into assplay, did she finger your ass?
dildo?
pegging?
did you finger yourself for her?I'm going to need details.
but for real, im out now, writing a exam tomorow and i literally wasted nearly the whole day in this thread.
there, i made it nearly 6 hours ago fuck my life
Thank you, that's all I needed to know.
and you kiss those lips?
disgusting
mind telling me why?
Typical merkeln scumbagrekt
All the police will care about is that you said you had 3K.Don't lie to us, lie to them.
Just curious is all.Also, I am still interested in buying a plushie.
if i sent you money, please mail me.I doubt the police is gonna care about 35$ if i am literally offering everyone a refund and more.
Unironically me too
rot in hell faggot
sorry, i will make threads again with an actual shop where you can buy them, but it will take quite some time until i have refunded everyone.
Okay, I will be waiting patiently, kleine süße.
Have $0> Lies about refunding
Can you put something up your ass?
;)
the month is ending soon and its almost as if you get paid at that time.
I will need most of it though, so it will take some time like i said.
I still got a lil bit eth left, so the first people who contact me can actually be refunded.and since this guy is back, its my time to go.Im out for today.
You've already lied earlier in the thread.
Two sharpies.
Face included.
holy shit why dont you guys realise that 100$ eth maybe is the same shit as = 0, but no you gotta call me a liar just for the sake of itthe only lie is that i say i go but still answer this shit.
Why the fuck are you still attention whoring in this thread, holy fucking shit nobody cares just drop it faggot
studies
heartily kek'd
Scam?
Yes
how much for a link phushie fag
Bitconnect?
Confido?
What scam?
In the ass ;^)
I was the one that told you about DHL to save you some money and you never sent my damn plushie :(
If you want to make things right so I can give my friend a plushie as a gift like I planned, I'm the one in the chain email whose email starts with "gam".
Please and thank you, I just would really like to have the plushie, I'm not even that mad about the money.