Is the crypto wave dying?
It feels like it's dying.Alts with good projects are flat or down, the only alts that make money anymore are PnD coins, and bitcoin is growing inorganically (stair-stepping up past resistance levels) in the same way that it grew before the 2013 bubble burst.What's the point of participating anymore if all I can do is speculate about what's going to be manipulated in my favor next?
>meanwhile BTC is at an all-time high every hourJust stop OP, all you had to do was buy BTC and hold it.
Oh look, it just happened again...Why would I bet on manipulation like this to go on forever?That's just as stupid investing in real estate in 2006.
I have as much faith in bitcoin at these levels as I did in ripple at its peak.
Give me a reason to buy bitcoin that isn't, "because everyone else is buying it"
Muh nipulation
Look at that chart and explain how it looks natural.
What investor in their right mind makes a large volume buy at ATH?This has been the pattern since we broke $5000, and I haven't trusted it since.
Jesus Christ, is there anyone on this board who can provide a sound rebuttal?
no we just don't care about you
It sounds like you don't know what you're invested in
Alts with good projects are flat or downIt sounds like you're just angry that people learned from their mistakes and stopped buying into baseless hype.
Not all alts are hype coins, and bitcoin is neither decentralized nor useful a currency anymoreEven fucking dogecoin is more useful than bitcoin at this point.I would be all in on bitcoin if this weren't the case, but sadly it is.
I've waited for a hard fork with majority support to fix the issues with bitcoin since 2015.
None have gained anything close to majority support.
So why is betting on something technologically superior with an actual use case a bad thing?
Time will sort this out.
Right now bitcoin is a pure speculation asset
why bitcoin is up still gently...... it is not looking too bad still stable....
people who forget about doge are retardedsmart whales use doge
buy high sell low
if youre scared OP, get out.go trade yugioh cards and stop shitting up this board.if you cant see that this BTC bullrun is good for alts, you will never get it
It's just begun you faggot.
Normies begets more normies.