Operation FaggotPlayer or whatever is "under way".
Good.
I wanna make some money here.https://fork.lolI know this graph shows miner difficulty...but can we turn this cesspool of a forum to something educational?
What do the options represent (Reward, blocks, tx) and is there a way to predict BCC miner activity / price movement with this?Also this could be a helpful site - https://data.bitcoinity.org/bitcoin/difficulty/5y?t=lAnd this humongous wallet - apparently it accumulates prior to every pump https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin%20cash/address/19hZx234vNtLazfx5J2bxHsiWEmeYE8a7kAny advice, education, ideas how to move thru yet another turbulent drama?
Go away faggot
buy bitcoin and short btc on the 24th UTC timeIt will be like the last btc dip but on steroids; where miners and whales alike will dump btc for bch, they will move all hashpower onto bch for 10x profitabilitythe btc mempool will become a memepool which may never clear
roger that
Wasn't the "segwit" shit action the most dramatic up to date?
I mean, BCH went up to almost ATH at 0.4 BTC or something...You're saying this will be...even more hardcore?
No real way to predict shit using fork.lolDARI follows price, not the other way around.And really all the stuff about some big flippening, miners leaving the BTC chain, it's all a bit far fetched.
The more miners leave BTC, the higher and higher tx fees will go, so there will actually be more reward to mine BTC.
if you don't want to get cucked, stay safe in Monero and what from the sidelines while enjoying some sweet gains
not if btc price is dumping quicker than the increase in rewarded btcswhy would miners want btc when they can't move them to sell them as well because the mempool is going to be backed up like never before
You have to be real anon...last BCC tear was epic, 3x action in couple of days.
Why stay in Monero?
well miners can always put their own transactions through no matter what.fundamentally I kinda agree though, BCH is looking stronk.
Another BTC panic like last weekends failed flippening pnd, doesn't even have to be about BCH, and the mempool will fill right up again.
What about that tweet about Ver moving 15k btc or some insane amount...ready to dump it?
Or is that shit already done?
jihan has a few up his sleeve as well
He moved it, to/from where is all speculation.Simplest explanation is that he just wants it ready to hand in case shit goes down.
in caseIn case?
Shouldn't he have all the plan in hand, after all this is all his bidding right?Like I said, this wallet (https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin%20cash/address/19hZx234vNtLazfx5J2bxHsiWEmeYE8a7k) could be his or some BCC whale, and it accumulates now...so in my mind, even though I'm a pleb low-coiner, I think this is all game by Ver and Wu to make insane amount of BTC.I have an opinion that the whole Cash thing was made to create world's biggest Bitcoin faucet.
They tap those BTC's every time they "attack".
I really don't believe they want Cash to take over anything.They'll just walk away with god-knows how many more thousands of BTC's after each drama.
Not that complicated.
Last time Cash went up 3x, us plebs can't even fathom what kind of gains those are to BTC whales.Fuck flipping 3 BTCs to 10 or whatever.
That's massive in our eyes but that's nothing to them.
Ver probably made couple of thousand BTC's over 2 days 10 days ago.
Free.Probably paid for all the Bitmain infrastructure after one third of the pump.
I think they are pulling off the greatest heist in human history, most cunning caper, movie-worthy.
All the BTC cucks and even BCC cucks are debating and throwing fits...while they triple their already disgustingly fat BTC stacks...All legal - by the way.
No jew tricks here, this is capitalism as pure as it gets.
Not that pedophile jew government subsidized theft.
Be a solution to a problemhttps://www.change.org/p/bitfinex-com-suspend-bitfinex-platform-until-usdt-goes-through-audit

OP, memeing and rumors aside, why exactly do you think that anything is going to happen in 3 days?Because of the Bitcoin difficulty adjustment?
Have you not seen that the Bitcoin difficulty will adjust DOWN and not up?
The difficulty will go down around 23%.
That will make BTC mining even more profitable, not less.So why should BCH have a chance at doing anything when BTC mining will become even more profitable?
USDT fud and that psychotic twitter faggot are really starting to get on my nerves 2bqh...
I'm not saying anything will happen, just trying to weed out the rumors about this "operation" that's supposedly underway...nothing more desu.
all in bch, sell half for eth when we reach 0.6 value, keep the rest for if the flippening actually happens
kind of aggressive don't you think
Old news.
July 2017 in crypto is 20th century in real world.
Ok, then consider what I just said.
BCH missed its chance of a "flippening" when it got pumped and dumped 2 weeks ago.If they really wanted a flippening, then why did they make it crash from 2800 to 1000?
They were worth 0.6 BTC, BTC was going down and they could have kept pushing.
Instead they made it crash and burn.
People lost money and faith.Another fact: Why did they hard fork BCH to make it forever less profitable than it was when it got pumped to the moon?
The new difficulty adjustment algorithm makes it become less profitable the more miners jump in.
Since the difficulty keeps adjusting up as soon as it gets mined more.
This is why after the fork BCH went from being twice as profitable compared to BTC to equally profitable.tl;dr: If they really wanted the flippening they had their chance and missed it on purpose.
Now it would be way harder to accomplish.
You missed my post.
the flippening was happening at bithumb, but it got ddos attacked by core supporters/holderswhich sent a massive panic sell to other exchanges.Battle was lost, but the war still rages on.Shit's going to get real bloodyI've already bought back into bch
I have read your post and that just tells me that those BCH shills are only out there to make more money.
They don't care about a flippening.
If they wanted to keep the profitability high they wouldn't have forked BCH.I've already bought back into bchWell then I hope you're right about that.
I really don't care, I'm not a holder.
I'll be happy to scoop BTC up when it's down.
The flippening got fucked when 2x chain didn't happen.
BCH shills are only out there to make more moneyWhat the fuck are YOU out there for?
LMAO
ddosCute larp.
There was no ddos attack.
They disconnected plbs to allow the inner circle to steal fat loot on all the open trades.This is what happens every day when you free market with the Chinese.
Oh man, you're such a retard.
Sage goes in all fields
The flippening, a meme that has begun in june 2017, aren't you tired of it yet?
If there is money to be made, do it.
Just remember, in what coin all exchanges trade
as a reminder 11/25 : btc lightning network wallet.happy flippening everyone
Wow, the amount of retarded BTC supporters who don't realise that Bitcoin cash is bitcoins last hope at domination is depressing...
Enjoy your BTC bags, cos ain't nobody got time for 10++$ fees, the crash is going to be ALL TIME
The flippening, a meme that has begun in june 2017proof you’re new as fuck
Seriously this i tried buying something for 15 bucks in btc and almost 3 dollars in tx fee.
20% with a long ass wait time.
This is why I'm all in bch.
Best approach is to buy POWR and hold for the next month.
No matter who loses, we win.