Quick run down>Quantum proof>No fees>Decentralized>Tangle network>Robots paying robotsIts getting ready to hit a new ATH and I don't see any threads on it.
Wtf /biz/?
It's down to $0.80, get in before next month.
iota akbar
Its been at .30-.40 for the last 2 months.
What do you mean its down right now?
Is it going to dip further?
4404993What fucking dip are you talking about.
Is this a meme
What caused that major sell off hours ago, don't bullshit me.
Salam Alaykoum, brother
fibonacci TA, not even joking.
We will overtake the west.
72 virgins await the righteous.
blood for the blood god
im sorry op that coin is dead.
it is from the generation of absolute shithead developers who cashed in on crytpo hype.
they are all dead.
not just ioata but the whole group of fuckhead pacific rim retards who made easy money and stupid products.
the next gen will be better I promise, but this retarded sjw coin will die.
there are still good crypto like btc zcash and a few weird ones for pure value or speed.
but iota is dead
Retard alert
It has some nice acquisition potential since it fluctuates often with 5-15%/day
It's long term you stupid pajeets, this is what comes after the blockchain.
This will make blockchain obsolete in about 3yrs, then every single blockchain coin will be a shitcoin.
there are still good crypto like zcash Lmao the literal state of polcucks
IOTA SNACKBAR!!!
Can't wait for some of that bitcoin market cap to come iota's way.
The blockchain has problems and IOTA has solved them.
>Decentralizedkekdeluded iota fanboys can not wrap their head around the fact that iota is centralized, and will never be decentralized
Elaborate
Explain
never change /biz/.> Iota does 1000 transactions/s> Universa does 20,000 transactions/s> shill for IOTA.
Whats with the muslims meme?
Are creators od iota lefty or something?
legend has it david was visited by muhammad late at night in 2015, and was given the code for what has become IOTA.
your ignorance is showing.the coordinator will be switched of soon, then it will be more decentralized that any blockchain, because no miners.
IOTA transactions increasing with every user doing transactions, they're always less than a second
>network no one uses>wow the transactions are so fast
th most used network and going up, good luck btc
No they're not, there are plenty of time where you have to reattach/rebroadcast to make a transactions.
wrong thinking.DAGs get faster as more people use themblockchains get slower as more people use them
ALLAHU AKBARQUICKER RUNDOWNS ONLY BY OUR TRUCKSPRAISE IOTAIOTA AKBAR
which autist has the energy to do this on every IOTA thread
how many NEET autists on 4chan?count the stars in the sky, measure the ocean with a teaspoon.