Double top or inverse head and shoulders?
I have only a basic knowledge of TA, but even I can see this
Please answer, TAfags
neither
what is it then
 years TA experience, this pattern is called "noise"
its going down, confirmation about the double top?
my money is on a dump from here to 5500.
I sold BTC for this, so it better be.
When will people realize that crypto just does its own thing and doesnt give a single fuck about traditional analytics.
you cash fags just keep on buying up those bags...idiots.
they are bleeding you dry
he thinks TA isn't anything more than a memekek
No one has mentioned cash yet.You coin loyalists are SCARED.
you realize this shit is like the roulette screen in a casino?
no meaning, there is no pattern to follow.
gamblers just use it to make next bet.
this head and shoulders shit means nothing.
cant predict what it wil happen.
very scared yes... while your shitcash is burrying itself
stochastic noise
TA is pseudoscience
Nah actually, TA works because people think it will work, legit lol.
Everyone draws these meme lines and buy because of it, if that makes sense.
oh ok it make sense it can influence but people who study this shit are so fucking retarded
this post is a meme, do not believe it
implying i'm not as perfectly diversified as the mighty morphin power rangersfuck off kid.
you don't know me, or what you're doing.
yeah diversify your bags anon kek
M candles>second top not even confirmed as a topNice troll thread, buy try a bit harder next time.
It could half in value and it will still have performed better than BTC for anyone who bought it at the start.Delusional corecuck
AHHAHAHHA of course you talking about 2009 vs today.. almost all of them performed better
If you fell for the self-fulfiilling prophecy meme then you haven't even used your brain for a second which places you among the greatest minds in technical analysis.>TA says the price will moon soon>idiot TA traders all buy>price goes up because everyone is buying>traders take profits>price plummets>moon never happens
me delusional?
i am realist, you are the delusional cuck hoping for a moon when it is obvious it was a fucking scam.. btc is hitting ATH while your bag going down in the drain
Heard it multiple times before, but the facts are my bcash has performed over twice as well.I hold both though so I don't have to find 24 7, enjoy your BTC bags
My left knee is itchy.
BUY BUY BUY BUY
it's neither, usually a pattern should be very clear in these markets, like for example, this double top on xlm chart, each peak hit basically the exact same height and held for a very short time.
not nearly as fuzzy as your chart.the
whoops, wasn't finished writing the things to pay attention to with btc at the strong support and resistance levels and the big even numbers, there will be strong resistance at 7000, which if you look at chart was the previous support level when we were over 7k, we also have some support at 6.5k and strong support at 5.5ki still can;t tell what direction we're going, because this was a correction, but not the typical 30% downtrend we see off of the big highs we have.
one reason could be because of btc futures trading projecting to open in Q4 of 2017, but whether that will actually happen is still up in the air.
they just might not get it out in time.even still, if we head back up, I'd say we'll make it to 10k, then a large correction way back down, probably to 5k or so.
so if we pass, 7k, and especially if we pass 7.5k, hop on, ride to 9500, and then dump and wait for the sweet bear market