Who here /smart money/?
i-i wannaaaaaa
Smart money is gambling it all away at 100x on BitMEX, my friends.
https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09
can you use bitmex if you're in the US?
I don't believe they want your kind but I also don't believe it is a hard block.
The only gateway is with bitcoin anyway.
That link is good for 6 months reduced trading fees though.
i actually signed up as UK (lol) an I already have an XBT?
what is that?
anyway i just went long X100 with like 0.001 XBT?
what exactly am I doing here?
You shouldn't have any bitcoins that's weird.
You probably should stay away from highly leveraged trading.
You're not trading bitcoin itself, but a swap contract that tracks the price of bitcoin.
You gain more BTC if the price goes down from shorting than you gain if the price goes up from longing.
It's a way for bitcoin holders to hedge against dollar value loss of their BTC.
If they feel bitcoin is at a local top, they should sell(short) their bitcoins at low or no leverage and with 1x leverage, the USD value of them will always stay the same whether it goes up or down.
Futures are a different type of instrument that most people are more familiar with.
They are basically betting on the price of the underlying asset at the time of delivery.
The site is full of very useful guides on the references pages that explain a lot, and if you have other questions feel free to ask.
I recommend 1-5x leverage if you are just getting started.
The swap contract tends to be even more volatile than bitcoin itself so don't go crazy.
Another nice thing is that fees are only incurred if you make a market order.
If you make a limit order, you pay negative fees (you get free monies from the person who buys it).
100x leverage is for the "I'm broke as fuck and I've gambled it all away, this is my last 1000 satoshis let it ride" momentsThe leverage slider is basically the degeneracy slider.
I'm warning you m8.
it is possible that this is a trial account?
i swear to god i have XBT, i gave them no personal info and this is a burner email
#1 Never ever get greedy.
If you're up, take profits, stop dreaming about your targets.#2 If you SHORT make it for a SHORT time :^) no really you'll get fucked#3 You can make two accounts and link them up for cheap transfers if you email support, this lets you set up positions to get both sides of the trade in volatile conditions like we are seeing.#4 Stick to using only about 5%-20% of your coin to take an initial position, even if you are extremely confident.
You can always add more salt but you can never take it off once you dun fucked up the meal.#5 Futures are even more volatile than swaps, don't go crazy on them either but they can be extremely profitable in predictable times like these around a fork.
bro i am literally just leveraging up x100 with everything in this account, pretty sure it must be a trial account, how could it not be?
Does it have "testnet" in the URL?
If you go to https://testnet.bitmex.com you can gamble with fake magic internet money to practice.
The ref link shouldn't have led you there though.
ah yeah it is a test lol
Educated people make money on free bitcoin cash and invested income in the normal coins, which combines environmental friendliness, reliability and safety.
For example, Diamond (DMD)
Barry knows S2X will replace Bitcoin Cash.
The leverage slider is basically the degeneracy sliderAbsolute degenerate reporting in
Bitcoin core will remain the Digital Gold Store Of Value, and Segwit2X will become its sidekick liquidity.
Currently, S2x futures are trading at $1500 after this info leaked.
ya I saw this, definitely made me want to wait to buy BCH.
Anyway, in January Coinbase's BCH is supposed to be supported, so right after Barry is done dumping (he said 90 days) you are gunna get a whole dump from the exchanges.
THEN i was thinking of buying some BCH, although probably would dollar cost average down throughout the whole thing to make sure to not miss the moon.Anyway, there are reasons Barry would sell from GBTC besides being anti BCH.
It's a Trust designed to hold Bitcoin, and only Bitcoin.
He has legal issues if he continues to hold BCH too.Anyway, I'm intrested to hear others' thoughts about Barry.
The ones who dumped bitcoin cash before it finally crashes completely
fuck it ill say it at risk of perilnov 16th
thinking about thisI should get some testnet bitcoins and then use it to scam people: BUT LOOK I PAID YOU
noob question but serious one..how to i invest/ bet on the bitcoin crashing?like step by step easiest instructions