Someone, please comfort me.
I bought $60k at 7,500.
I am literally having a panic attack right now.
Please, someone, convince me BTC isn't dead.
Please, no trolls in this thread.
Should've bought bch instead
i cant handle this my sides
relax.
people panicked when they bought at 4k, then 5k, then 6k... you get it.
Bitcoin is only beginning to go mainstream and lots of big money will come.
Please, no bad comments in this thread.
Go all in on espers on yobit exchange.
You can still make it.
btc will be 10k by christmas
seriously, don't worry
Buying at ATH, classic mistake m8
he's forgetting the legacy chain is entirely unusable thanks to the 2x capacity increase failure.>thinking this congestion will magically go away as bitcoin tries to grow bigger
4322437Btc can’t scale.
Just sell and buy bch.
I was drunk okay?
It went up so fast i didn't want to miss out.
this, put whatever you have left in it cause korea is pumping again tonight, all jokes aside
It's not dead you imbecile.
It will recover and I'm sure that in a few months we'll be at 10k.With that being said, I don't think the dip is over.
I think we can go as low at 4800 so prepare yourself for that.
But don't panic sell you imbecile, it will bounce back
No problem.
Just buy for 120K now, if it drops even more buy for 240K then and so on.
You'll break even sooner or later
4322493>implying it won't get fixed eventuallyyou are fucking retarded
definition of fomo
are you fucking gay or what?
AND I'M FRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I COULD NOT CONTROL MYSELF.
OKAY?
I HAD HAD ENOUGH OF WAGEKEKING.
I COULDN'T STAND A SINGLE MORE DAY OF GOING TO WORK.
I WAS DESPERATE.
OKAY?
Take a deep breath.
This is just a normal part of the game.
This next step is akin to suffering from gangrene at the foot and chopping it off for survival.
It's the last thing you want to do, but you can still be saved.
Move your coin over to BCH.
There's still PLENTY of headroom.
In about 6-10 hours you will see the price of BCH reach equiv to about $2200.
You can recoup a lot of your money just by allocating it to BCH.
bought btc at ATH>bought BCC at ATHhold me senpaiwhat are some /biz/ related anime that will make me feel betterimouto sae and umaru are on tonight, what else
biz related animeSpice and Wolf obviously
It will be okay bro.
We have to believe that.
You're gonna be so happy next year3CnFrKLj6Hng6seLYrr63J8vaqXkqrTTiK
watching animeabsolutely disgusting
Tbf relax or start daytrading if you can't handle losses.
yes it can... lol
Don't worry Anon, I bought at 7300, and I'm not really worried, just try to increase your btc stack buying some cheap alts
what are you going to do when BTC hits 4500 and you lost 50% of your kash in like a week?
What will you tell your mom?
i love holo, might rewatch this next week actuallyd-desukonnichiwa, reddit-kun
Calm your tits you'll be comfortably in profit by EOY.
Don't be a moron and end up panic selling at significant loss.
What if it goes below 4000?
Should i still hold?
Again, I'm not really worried, even I'm new and have been here since June, I've learned to trust in btc>Muh btc is dead at 1800>Muh btc is dead at 3000If btc goes at 4500, I'll buy more.And then again, there are alts to compensate the losses from btc.
yes you stupid fuck.
What if it goes below $1000?
you'll eventually panic sell, they all will
its simple.Buy at ATH.Sell at ATH.
you're in too much aren't youcut your losses, sell what you have and wait for it to rise again
>Buys BTC at 7,500, doesn't go all in on LINK instead?Please be larp.
Calm down son.
It will probably have surpassed 8k by the end of Nov. Zoom out and have a look at the charts over the years.My advice: Close all the tabs.
Do something else.
Have a look again on Wednesday.
Be a hodler who is not making bad emotional decisions.
Other hodlers are mad that they missed the buying opportunity at 5.5k.
It's all a matter of perspective.
Be patient.
What if BCH wins?
Then BTC is kill.
Actually commiting a 60k$ transaction when drunkDude ...
I already did, that's why I'm not doing it again.
Relax, bch is only for quick profits.
Soon people realize its a shitcoin like bitcoin and they go back to the original king.
a lot of BCH bagholders here
Shitcoins come and go, but BTC is eternal..that and moneroBTC can assimilate any tech, scale without problems.
Miners just need to get their rewards
I have serious doubts they can win.
The attacks just run out of breath after a few hours.
Some people will join the attacks for fun to make some cash but BTC is king because it is the most well known.
Cmon, one weekend where BCH goes up and BTC goes down and everyone loses their mind?
BTC is nearly a decade old and survived other shit.
It's there to stay.
It will reach 5 digits, I have no doubt.
btc is here to stay.
these are just attacks on btc.
btc will be way higher then 7.5k in 1 year time.
just watch.
zoom out you will see its very volatile but in long term its worth it.
just buy 60k more now that its on sale.
dont let the news and fud change your mind.
you invested for the fundamentals.
and all these news and fud just showing that the fundamentals are strong and are going to withstand everything being thrown at it.
BTC can scale without problems
yeah, its a given but be careful to not get shat on when the whales dump or the exchanges shit the bed again.
The BTC you are dealing with is not the same BTC anymore as when it started.
It is now owned by some for profit company.At one point BCH was worth 40% of a bitcoin.
I'm not sure anymore desu.
you are screwed.
haven't you heared everyone is switching to bitcoin cash now.
https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-cash-surges-businesses-abandon-legacy-btc/
this
You're fine.
It's stupid as fuck to dump money like that instead of buying a bit at a time, and you should be punished for such idiocy, but you bought BTC so you'll do just fine.
It won't - it'll go maybe 5.5k then start going up again.
But if it does somehow go sub 4k yes hold.
shut the fuck up and kys dotard
happens to everyone, especially if you are new to the general game of speculationdon't let it get you down but you should learn valuable lessons from it
https://my.mixtape.moe/wqxfzd.flac Here's to you, OP
Please, no trolls in this thread.
There, there.
It's gonna drop further but money isn't everything.
Ronnie Moas, palm beach confidential, stansberry research, the best analysts in the field have set targets for BTC in the range of 10k for next year and k long-term.
Bcash is ran by crooks like former inmate Roger Ver, fake satoshi Craig Wright and electricity waster Jihad Wu.
money isn't everything.Yes, listen to these wise words goy.
Money isn't everything, just wageslav..
I mean work away all your life while I collect my shekels from your hard hard work.
In August I bought BTC at ATH $5000 anf then it went down to $3000!
Imagine if I had sold.
HODL!
When the bitcoin futures are approved before the end of the year, bitcoin will go past $8000 easy.
?
you're fine BTC will still be king
Based on what i've seen, you are ok.
Given how expensive the coin is, it's normal for it to fluctuate in within the thousands, but it will eventually go up again.
wrong color, brainlet
4322437go to bitmex, start scalping you idiot.
we've all made bad choices in investing, mostly because we all started ignorant to "what we know now" obviously you won't make the 100% best choice while drunk, but it's not unfixable.
look for shitcoins to ride back up to your 60k and then surpass it by research and iron hands.
hodl anon
just sell while you can
Accrochies toi
not realizing the fix has already been implemented, on the chain called "Bitcoin Cash"
I'd rather kill myself rather than buying into the BCC (Bitcoin China) scam, just look at the price charts, the scam is already over
It's ok, anon.
Not everyone can become investors.
We also need people like you working for the system.
All in ETH and you will have to hodl like 2 years to maybe make itFfs DO NOT buy BCH at ATH.
If you repeat the same mistake twice in one day with all the life savings then you deserve the JUST
op take comfort in the fact that satoshimano nagamono works worth the elitese and therefore your GOOD.
;)) BTC > 9K EOY include me screencappåed
Bitcoin cash cant win if Bitcoin dies.
FFS it shares the same brand.Hey.
Normie.
This Bitcoin Cash is so great.
No it is not THAT Bitcoin that crashed from 7500 to 500.
This is another bitcoin.
It wont crash and it will be stable.
Jihan Wu guarantee.
Put all your savings in.
It will absolutely work this way.
dude just cut your losses, put $10k in LINK and you'll make it all back by the end of the year
look at the value chart on etoro>what you see are 'sentiments'>and the trajectory is positive (very) overall>use your gains (and yes they will come, be patient) to increase your exposure in other crypts that the people here show faith in>don't forget that one oft he reasons you initially got in wasn't 'profit' motivation, but to send a big fat pic related to the bankers sitting on $500 T, could pay off world "debt" and still be stinking rich for the next 1000 years>back to Part II: increase your exposure into other crypts with a goal of riding it out on the long game (iron grip).
next is to make your move to xfer bits into bucks.
convert them into real, hard assets
If it makes you feel better, i bought at 7800+ was down almost 1.5 k last night.. down to a grand now at least.
Sorry, it doesn't because I am down like 12 grand.
I have not even checked my portfolio because i can't stand to look at it.
kek'dBut honestly this will just kill a possible everyday real world use for cryptos and make them all more a fireball tulip than they are now
and make them all more a fireball tulip than they are nowTranslation:>markets look for stability, whether the investor is small or large.
the instability is bitter~sweet, as profits are making Skillionaires, producers don't want any exposure to cryptos (converting bits to bucks to real assets electronics/cars/homes)>bankers will feverishly keep it unstable if they can find a way without investing mountains of cash/time; but this is also a selling point for bit currencies>breathe
If not larping.. bro goodluck to you.
i think we'll be ok
dawg, rule number 1:never buy when its on an uptrend or is unusually high... because you did, thats called FOMO (Fear of missing out)and now youre shit outta luck because BTC will crash and burn to the ground.sorry bro
i want reddit to leave
bitcoin is like goku.
Every time it gets beat down, it rises stronger than before
Just wait BTC has had corrections like this in the past far worse ones to.
Think in the long term instead of freaking out over some short term loses.