Besides being rich, what else can I do to make girls want me?
I'm still a virgin and I want to know what I should do to make girls come to me.
Any advice bros?
Talk to them -_- ..... yes it's that simple.
be crypto richthat makes you mysteriouschicks love stuff they dont understand
be funny (farting doesn't work)
treat them like shit and then say something sweet afterwards.
Dont be a cuck everyone gets rejected just be cool about it when it happends
Disregard females, it annoys them and turns them on

Just bee yourself
Muscle + Moneydailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-5081485/Women-want-men-muscles-money-finds-TubeCrush.html
google:shortcut to size if you're skinnyshortcut to shred if you're fatand yes, talk to them, as docile as you can.
What about?
How should I talk?
What character traits and possessions should I show off and how?
Be outgoing, socialize a lot, but not in that faggy kind of way.
Move between many different friend/acquaintance circles.
girls like guys who are better than them
Have a personalityCharacterListen when they speak.
(I don't mean just quiet when they speak)That's all.
Seriously.
Money brings you shit if that's what you look for.
The gems don't care for cash much.
Although displaying you are independent is attractive
Very true.
Women are inferior, and have a domination complex.
The more you ignore them like their fathers probably did the more they suck on your cock for attention.
tfw cant form meaningful friendships because people cant tell when im serious and when im not>tfw cant let myself be serious because of paranoia and trust issues derived from a shitty childhoodtasukete kudasai
This, seriously
Being funny is the easiest way into the pussy.
Watch stand up and study it.
For real.
I’m friends with a couple comedians and you wouldn’t believe how much pussy they get.
just ask questions
can you really learn to be funny?i thought it was a natural gift you were born with.
/b/
Focus on yourself.
Whatever your passion is, dive in.
Forget about girls for the moment.Girls like to tell other girls how good their partner is at "xxxxxx".
Be good at something, anything.
They'll come to you.
https://discord.gg/a7thCv click here for hot puss
Confidence
Humor comes from reading books imo.
Not something you're born with
My only humor comes from imageboards
Get fit fgt
Be tall, hot and masculine chad with a broad face
Are you trying to fuck them?
Or have them fuck other ppl and pay you?
Pretty much this.
It helps to be good looking If I wasn’t such a pussy I could have a gf.
But I’m too scared to talk to girls I like.
Just kill me god.
1.
Stop being sexually oblivious2.
Enjoy sex.