>Roger Ver spotted logging into Bitfinex and refreshing his blockfolio in a downtown Tokyo starbucks>Jihans henchmen spotted transporting BCH hardware wallets to South Korea>BCH hardfork clock ticking down coming in mere hours>Institutional investors and whales accumulating BCH in dark pools of major exchanges>Greatest USDT volumes tethers in history of crypto because whales dont want to hold BTC bagsWhy do you want to miss the biggest crypto rall y ever seen before?
Do you hate money?Today, BCH reaches new ATH (4000) confirmed.t.
Korean /biz/ insider

I'm on to you cunts.I been calling this shit.
Time tables?
4336738if you like money, hodl bch for the next few hours.
It will double and even more.
Normies and even their grandmothers are accumulating BCH here in Seoularound 8pm eurocuck time
The anglosphere will burn to ash and your queen will hang in front of the world.
Nobody is accumulating bch anymore.
It was korean chibese p&d wake up homie
Well, I don't care which coin "wins".Maybe they're going to kill off BTC so they fuck the exchange.
This.
4336831throw a couple hundred bucks on bch and you will always thank the Korean poster from /biz/ for doubling your money
im still accumulating fuccboi
This.
this is sure bet.
BCH shoots up and alts bleed in a few hours
OP is confirmed 12 yo retard with heavy bch bags.
Sage
what do you reckon it will sustain at after it hits the top?
go fuck yourself corecuckafter it hits the top today, it must dip.
The groupmaster told us to set sell orders for targeted ATH and accumulate once more for final pump
4336677Called this shit a few threads ago.I'm on to you guys, good luck on the whole pump, I can't wait to see it hit 3k+, 4k/5k would be news worthy.I just want to see some SHIT happen, some, shit that's going to be here and talked about for years to come.
"You remember when BCC was pumped by that whale to $5000 and BTC was dumped?
"That would be a-mazing.
thanks bro ill take my korean friends to the strip club tomo night if this pumps