We've seen LINK drop in value for weeks and its team continues to disappoint, can we finally admit the project is nothing more than a brainlet token?I'm sick of the shills polluting /biz/ with their false promises, luring in more vulnerable brainlets.
ENOUGH.Now you know, and knowing is half the battle.
Team hasn't disappointed me.
Seeing how the Intel SGX integration works just makes me more and more certain that this is the team to provide.
I think the funniest part is that, for every bit it drops, they'll say>It won't drop below this price though!>This is just an opportunity to accumulate more!>O-oh... a-another opportunity to accumulate more even lower...>O-oh look, another...
team continues to disappointNot really.
They're still simply doing what they said they'd be doing.
yes, sell them
Stop being so emotionally reactive.
Being fearful when others are fearful and greedy when others are greedy.
Jumping from coin to coin hoping to catch the last wave.
You won't make money like this.
This is nothing to do with chainlink but if you're swayed by FUD like this after only a couple of weeks you won't make any money
It has actually went up a bit in the last few hours.
Offload your bags in a couple of hours.
THIS, In my 3 years trading crypto I've never seen such deranged community of brainlets bagholders
same thing was said about ETH retardLINK might not go up to $300 even $30 but i am expecting to see $3-5 eoyscreencap this faggot
You think idiots would stop falling for the same exact scam-3 no name devs come out with some Revolutionary idea that can change the entire world>given millions of dollars from shitty investors>Dev teams runs into novice level issues like needing to rewrite their entire software, failing to hit deadlines over and over, having to swap out team members every week, having twitter/slack/discord melt downs etc etc>Investors realize they just gave millions to a bunch of literal whos working out of a coffee shop in LAEvery time
it's a bit of an elaborate scam to spend 4 years working on a genuinely unique and innovative project in a rapidly expanding and lucrative market, getting interest from major industry players like SWIFT, and presenting at important conferences It would be easier to just do the thing for real
Remind me.
What happened at SIBOS again?Dump this shit.
This,Attention linkieslast call before closing
This is delusional.
Link will barely break $2 by EOY 2017.
The "4 years" myth has been debunked.
They owned the domain for 3 years, and we have no idea how much dedicated effort was spent developing at that time.
Haha, the delusion.
This is delusional.
Link will barely break $0.2 by EOY 2017.fixed it for you
This is delusional.
Link will barely break ₿0.2 by EOY 2017.fixed it for you