Nuls“This is a really good start.
Nuls price rises by more than 300% on the first day at Binance.
We will get listed on more exchanges and plan to have new offices in Japan and other countries to serve people all over the world,” says Yang Lin, initiator of the Nuls project.
What is Nuls?
It is a highly customizable modular blockchain platform that aims to break the technical barriers of blockchain, to reduce the cost of development, and to promote the usage of blockchain technology in the commercial world.
Different from other projects, Nuls divides blockchain into several modules network, account, ledger, storage, consensus, and smart contract.
Every module performs independently, ignoring the changes of other modules.
The modules of Nuls cooperate through the service bus and event bus.
The microkernel manages the service bus and event bus.
“We make Nuls a blockchain infrastructure that is easy to use.
You don’t have to understand such underlying technologies as cryptography and consensus mechanism to develop an application for commercial scenarios.
Meanwhile, we implement the cross-chain consensus to audit the data of sub-chain without breaching confidentiality,” comments lead developer Zhang Xing.
Why Nuls tokens?
The initial issuance of Nuls is 100 million and the token growth is supported by constant demand on it.
Nuls will be used to pay transaction fees and 5 million of Nuls tokens will be used to reward volunteers who help maintain network stability.
In addition, 20 million will be used to support business cooperation and Nuls-based applications.
Developers and project initiators have to buy Nuls tokens at exchanges to register sub-chains on the platform.
Therefore, the constant demand on tokens at the exchange will sustain its appreciation.
The team behind Nuls is a group of blockchain industrial players who want to make trust easy and better serve blockchain startups.
Bump for people calling this a shitcoin and resuming their shit FUD.
.5/10 shillI almost didn't realize you were a pajeet
There is no finished product for 5 years.
What do you have to say to that?
FUD 4 MONTHS UNTIL MAIN-NET LAUNCH
Yea but that whitepaper tho, This thing would have gone interstellar had that it been remotely decent
Lost $500 before i cut losses and sold bcc to buy last night i wish i could track you down and feed you sand till you die
lol, why did you buy ATH?
Not FUD read the whitepaper to be fair it was a beta.
I wanna see what kind of chink trick they pull on the official wp
ya not finished for 5 years.
But they're attempting to build a bigger better ethereum, ethereum isn't finished either.
I mean granted it would be nice for them to be done sooner rather than later, but as long as incomplete is not equal to no product I'd be ok with this.
lets see a link for this article OPpretty good shill
How can they build a bigger and better eth if they are an ERC 20 token themselves.
I mean im going to throw a couple of grand speculating this but be careful guys
You can find the article on their Telegram and Reddit.
Holy shit people are actually holding this?
This was a pump where you were meant to buy low and sell when it hit $1, it was never a good project.Jesus christ some of you people shouldn't trade at all.
Their main-net chain Nuls will be up and running in 4 months.
The overall vision is for x amount of years just like any other damn block chain company.
What company besides 2-5 of them have a finished product?
I'd like to see your crystal ball where you knew a .17 coins was going to go to $1 on Binance without proof.
Greed is strong in you.
To be fair that's alright.
Holding since the beginning btw still more than 240% gains.
tfw bought in at 70 cents
read whitepaperyea im ok lmaoWATER ICE STEAM MY NIGGA
That never stopped all of the other moons.
Of all the reasons you could have picked to FUD NULS, this is the dumbest.