Last night I lost 40 pounds that somehow fell out of my pocket while I was going home.
Now I feel like shit because of that.
How do I get those 40£ back /biz/
Where were you coming from?
Eat a lot of sugar
From the ATM back to my home.
Its literally a 5 minute walk which makes me feel even worse
- retrace steps- get job- suck 40 dicks- invest in bitcoin- sell something you no longer have use for
Post your address
Try to reduce expenses till you save those 40 pounds backI honestly have lost 100$ many a times but I dont think too much about itI wont be broke if I lost that moneyNo amount of worry can bring thatLife is too short to keep worryingThink about making 400 pounds so that those 40 wont even matter anymore
Neo address
Thanks bro that made me feel better
Post your neo address OP I'm here for ya
Buy 4 neo coin now, sit on till hit $100, sell.
Simple
don't know what that means, I'm a newfag here and not really familiar
No worries do you have a binance or Bittrex account?
I could use a couple of neo anon, promise I'll pay it forward soon
Not yet, I can make one but you don't have to send me anything.
Thanks anyway 
ANo8YKS8dvdG7qxdjeviXR5PNF4xHqdzpaJust in case
Nah I got you OP, all you other cunts can fuck off though Make a binance or Bittrex account and in the balance section, click deposit neo.
It'll show you an address.
Copy and paste that here.
AHJdw4bqZEFp3HXba2vsChVtnzxy2eTbmwHere it is, how does all of this work?
Fair enough anon, just thought I would ask, that's why I didn't just give my address like a greedy cunt
Here anon I just sent you one neo.
You can sell it for ether or bitcoin and get around $40 right now.
Otherwise you can hold it and wait for the neo train to go higher.
Have a nice day
4427804this is the first time on this board I see someone actually deliver.
Kudos to you noble anon!
Thanks man, wish you all the best
Thanks broANqEugnQtyQKP3nTqodmAUL9jeUbPQ5dxM
nah
Yeah do have to say good on anon for helping the brother out.
Definately sit on that coin untill tomorrow atleast.
Can you guys recommend where I can learn some more about this stuff?
Some books or sites I can get more familiar with trading
anon i dont know who you are, but whoever you are I genuinely wish all the best for you.
Once I make enough I hope to be as charitable as you.
Start with the Netflix documentary banking with bitcoin so you can understand what blockchains are.
Then just go on Reddit and read about crypto.
Reddit is more beginner friendly than biz.
Also never do what biz tells you.
Just buy some ether or bitcoin and forget about it.
I'm new too all this also, only started a week ago.
Just read over this board abit more and become a bit more familiar with bitcoin and crypto
Hey man, I just started crypto like 3 months ago myself with 0$.
I havent put in a single penny and made like 1000$.
It's only going to go up.
You should start by joining a couple of discords, watch how to use chris dun's vids on yt, data dash to learn chart analysis etc.
If you're really down your luck and cant afford to lose money, joing some whitelist buy and sell groups.
You basically sign up for whitelists on different icos and sell those for 0.1-0.3 eth.
More pupolar ones sell for more than that.
Good luck.
you can mail me at seth.jonah.mclovin@gmail.com if you need any other help(not financial because i'm a shrimp still lol).
But good luck!
Oh and definitely dont listen to biz, there are shillers here who will dump their bags on you.
Always do your own research.
Are there any good alts to buy, I knew /biz/ was fucking everyone, can't trust 4chan right folks.
Like if I said post a fsce shot of your self, who here would do it, not me, not be been dox by these fork
You can buy slr for short term(dump it for a profit after the pbc reports come out).Mid term you can buy hst(expected to go 1$ by end of year) Long term you can buy neo and eth.
I'm not a swing trader or day trader.
I buy things that I think really shows promise and has good enough fundamentals to appreciate over time.
I know biz has a short attention span but I want to invest long over a long term.
I hold a 1:1 USD ratio of eth and btc.
That's about half my portfolio and i also unironically hold a ton of link, req, neo and xmr.
While I don't day trade, I requently exit to increase my stack of bitcoin and ether and buy back later.
hst(expected to go 1$ by end of year)that's a longass time