I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Oh and call it a LARP for all I care.
Those that got in early with me, grats.
Always take profit especially when something goes 4x in less than a week.
For those still holding, don't sell unless you need to.
The coin is actually promising.
But may take a while to get the 2x+ that you wanted from here out.
What the fuck is this shit?
Why did it moon?
This screams manipulation, though it doesn't means it's not a good coin.
how much did you cash out?
Nice op , I remember you .
yeah I wouldn't touch iwith a 100 foot poll now super sketchy .
How did you know about it .
And why won't VeChain (which we no a lot more about and is much better ) pump .
Or will it ?Cheers anon
Thanks!
HES FUDDING TO BUY THE DIP!
DONT LET HIM BUY BUY BUY and forever be a nulmarines.
might aswell just hodl at this point.
It is a pump n dump anon, those who followed OP last night are the winners, now being born are the bag hodlers.
Nice work though goys good to see /biz getting ahead again
It takes a lot of disparate connecting for a westerner to put it together it seems, but from what I habe gathered they provide customizable backends in the form of side chains to chinese enterprise.
There are aspects of neo in that it can be a platform, aspects of walton, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of ven as they provide an anticounterfeiting protocol.
All of those features are already present in their parent chain.Partnered with inchain already.They have some kind of deal with a huge chinese payroll and accounting firm.
where do you see market cap for this coin?
k% my fucking ass.
It mooned because I shilled last night, and also this morning with a few more threads since it didn't have the jump I wanted until this afternoon.
I'm sure there was some manipulation, but a lot of it was prob biz and people from slacks/telegrams of other coins.
You post the same thing on every fucking sub.
You're not the anon.
The anon didn't type like you u fucking idiot.
HE called 40k% with a massive partnership stop being a retard.
Stumbled upon it while looking at Bit-Z exchange.VeChain can pump, it has partnerships established and such.
But idk how high it can go because I don't follow them.Over $30k.
Not a lot but not a little.For all those that think I'm larping, see attached pic.
Just a glimpse of my sells.
Unfortunately I was already up so much so I cashed out most at $.6-$.65.Like I said, NULS is actually decent hold, if they do what they're planning on.
But alpha isn't til 3-4mnths later.
This current valuation is pretty big in contrast with what they've given us.
Yeah because I was definitely serious about a coin rising 40k% top kek.
Don't be mad you fomo'ed in last second.
Take it as a lesson.
40FUCKING THOUSAND THIS FUCKING WEEK SENPAI, BUY IT NOW, IT'S LIT>JK, I LIED BECAUSE I'M A LITERAL SHILL KEK.Off yourself.
Wow, someone from 4chan shilled a coin!!!!
Post your buy orders fucker.
And i bought in at 45 cents.
You think Im worried idiot.
I'm just not selling because the anon actually earned some credibility.
Your a piece of shit for fudding and pretending to be him.
4260872As if any of you guys had any efect on it kekIt mooned because it just got added to Binance.
Nobody on /biz/ had even heard of this coin before Binance annouced it.
Enjoy a glimpse of my orders anon.
And as always, be sure to dollar-cost-average when buying :) I don't think you're worried.
You shouldn't be.
I'm saying don't expect another easy 2x from here.
$80m mc would be high.
lol i sold mine, but u fucking such a faker.
OP would've purchase cheaper than that, that was my entry after the thread was made.
It's not all my orders.
Lol.
I have over 10 pages of orders.
Just a lot less earlier on though because I wasn't sure if it'd blow up.
is that bnb?
yes.
Not op.
Fucking larper.The actual op left behind his btc address.
How about we send some love, you phony?That wouldn't bother you at all, would it?Does't talk like op
why is the time and date cropped out
buddy how bout this op left behind is btc adress.
Make a withdawal of fucking .034 btc.
add and withdrawal and I'll sell everything and give u 1k on my 10k gains ok.
Send BTC to the address.
If you made gains and are comfortable sharing.
if not idc.4261121you guys caught me, im a larper!
Yeah there's no way he the same person.
Lol
Like i said.
I have pages of orders.
You guys are actually dense, and are probably pink wojaking right now.
Have a good night.
i have the thread saved.
I will be sending btc to og op when i sell.
i promise you that.
Final comment: thanks, I hope you made good profit.
You don't need to donate but if you do I appreciate it.
Good luck on your next mission.
yeah nah, you're not the whale, he bought in way cheaper faggot
lol, very first day when it added, I researched it, joined their slack, absolute shit, devs are insane, now this sits at 50 mill market cap...what a crypto magic, there are legit projects like vechain, mod, req, dovu..etc not even have this much mcap, u bizterds are brainless fuckers ,i made null 50 mill mcap with no white paper.
wait for a day it will fall like rock nuts
ok what's the name of one dev?