it's gonna recover right
I didn't waste all my money, right?
plz sell, I need that cheap link
what do you mean.
it ended the day higher than it started.
Idk probably dipping sub 2000 again thanks to the man who bought my bags at 3500 today you coo
its people like you why the chart is where it isnobody is buying anymore link and nobody wants our bags eitherthe fucking state of the team is beyond joke now, no update, no fucking ANYTHING AT ALLthey all smoke weed and get fat sat on their 700m linkfuck you sergey
Why is it shooting up now
kek did you sell?
Trying to time the ticks to accumulate more, shot up seconds after I sold.
Ah well it's gonna come down, it always does.
Don't come back
I admit I panic bought today.
Average holdings at 23 cents.
That was the last chance for you retarded linkies to dump your bags for the next year.
Sergey has failed you all.
How many LINKs should I own If I want to make 3 million USD in 5-10 years?
Unless they posted something in the slack, indicators tell me it's coming back down now.
Take it as you will.
I just wanna more link
you're one fun pal.
high five
 LINK
t. sold and is trying to rebuy
Why doesn't someone get these fuckers off their ass.
Literally call up Sergei and tell him to get their shit together.
A lot of you fucks also spend all day on 4chan why not just work for chainlink in your free time for some free link
-150k
No shit
Be realistic.
Zero.
good luck soldier, display your rank next time and don't fall out of line
if you wanna be edgy say something like 200 million.
all of them
Not good enough for such a big project
Link is either Pluto or bust.
There is no inbetween
So true.They missed dumping during the SIBOS "run-up" and the SIBOS day pump and now the segwit2x cancelled pump.Deluded bag holders.
Sergay also spends most of his day on 4chan /biz/He's gained weight recently after reading all the FUD.Kek.
It will go to pluto but the team is too scared of the SEC right now to shill the token.
LOL the magic box again, how many times do you guys have to get burned on this shit coin to learn LMAO
Get a job moron.
You have no idea what it's like to work in a startup.
What this team has achieved and the recognition they are getting from the only people that matter from a business point of view is beyond your understanding.
Says someone who has the time to put silly comments on /biz.
Are you really so stupid not to understand that what they are doing requires more work in a day that you probably to in a week.
Retard.
>bought at 0.45>you fags want to complain ABOUT DROPPING 6 CENTS
It really is the second coming of BlockCAT.
Sergey, can you make a wallet for these fucking things, please?
4261443This desu"waa we need more exchanges">gets listed on 2 more exchanges"waa 2 man team not enough">begins hiring process"waa team is so lazy/useless">>>>>
The team had nothing to do with getting it listed on those shit exchanges.The team is NOT currently approaching exchanges.
Won't that take care of itself as the rise in the top 100?
It won't rise without Bittrex or PoloNeither of which will list it unless the team requests that it be listed.
is this a joke?
4261545One of the major reasons I sold.
Get a job moron.
You have no idea what it's like to work in a startupHe litterally just said "they all smoke weed and get fat sat on their 700m link".
"waa we need more exchanges">>gets listed on 2 more exchanges>"waa 2 man team not enough"Are you retarded?
Those "2 more exchanges" are fucking Coss and Idex, they have shit-all liquidity.Over 90% of the volume is still on Binance.
Hell yes, then some
should be one of the reasons to buy low, wait until it gets listed on some random big exchange and sell higher afterwards.but who am I to explain anything other that "buy high sell low" to bizguys.
This anon speaks the truth.
If you want 3 million USD in 5-10 years you should go all in REQ.