>Cryptopia listing this week>Binance pending.mil MC>Crypto Nigger AMA on the 1st.>UN related announcement this month.>Big clients announcement next month.>Great team, always available to answer questions on telegram and care about the speculative price of the token.>Solves a real problem and long-term there will always be demand for the token.Sorry do I need to keep going?
yes
this has been shilled so much, I'm pretty sure most of us are already in man
20 eth buy wall just went up at the top of the ED books, we about to moon!https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETH
this thing gonna explodeeeee
Fuck is it too late to get in now?Do you think it can hit $1 next month?Where to buy?
Answer me nigger
https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETHED you havent missed shit its been at the same price all day, waiting on cryptopia and the announcements.
deeper partnership discussion
LOL @ point number 4 from OP.
But in all seriousness, the upcoming AMA with Ian will shine a very bright and positive spotlight on this project.
Looking forward to it!
Ballz deep
This is one of those projects, when suddenly price will be 3$ and people only starting to buy in.
If you aren't in this yet you are literally retarded.
People are just starting to learn this coin exists, once it gets on a proper exchange we will see a bull run similar to POWR.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
For anyone thinking it's too late to get in: This coin is sitting at 0.31 cents RIGHT NOW.
It was at 0.40 cents 2 weeks ago and sat dipped at 0.13 cents for nearly entirely of last week.
As long as it is under $1 you still have time.
I don't need to repeat the sentiments that this shit will go to AT LEAST $2 by end of year
Crypto Nigger AMA on the 1st.This is bigger shit than the UN connection.
k followers or something on twitter.
The dude has been on a tear tbf, he shilled powr, rdn and qsp, all went parabolic.cryptopia + crypto nigger shill is a strong combo.
Cryptopia was most likely this week but for sure by the end of the month.
Balina AMA is on the 1st, think that's a coincidence?Throw in binance at some point to that, shits gonna get real crazy.
Thanks.
I put in 6k.When this shit hits $1 next month, I'm gonna fuck a lot of escorts.
When’s it gonna be on binance?
Will it already be too late by then?
Binance isn't even confirmed by devs or Telegram chat.
Don't know why biz keeps saying it.
Not yet confirmed does not mean HST will not be listed on Binance.I remember someone in telegram asked about it and Nimo answered "Binance is not completely off the table."
Guys.. Let's go through this month news and announcments:1.)
AMA and Interview with Ian Ballan2.)
UN announcment3.)
Cryptopia listing4.)
Binance?
?All in start of december, please don't tell me I didn't warn you.
I have a lot of CONFiDence in this cOin
They provide all informations you need about the team on the website: horizonstate.com/team/They are also very active and helpful in the telegram, in case you have questions about them or the project: t.me/horizonstateFud harder next time.
You do realize that you niggers only fell for confido because you didn't do any research at all?
HST has everything transparent,their twitter is active, the devs are constantly in the telegram answering questions and hanging out, and all of the guys on the team are real people who are active on social mediaSome dude tried spreading fud that the devs don't know how the coin will work which they promptly BTFO his asshole since they already have the MiVote platform up and running and have millions of users in AUS, and they are only trying to figure what to do with the coins after they have been used.There is literally no way you can fud, this shit is actually going to moon
this shit is actually going to moonIt can't.
I mean the HST logo is moon itself.
This coin is going to fucking mars.
Easiest way to buy this?
Doesn't pop up on binance and rather not have to run 2 exchanges if it can be helped.
ED is still the best way if you ask me, kucoin if that's your flavor.
Has just been added to crytopia, it has begun :)https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=HST_DOGE
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=HST_BTCWe on Cryptopia bois
Here we go.
Just need Binance now and we will moon to the fucking jupiter.
My god, dear strangers that pointed this out to me..
Thank you, this is the first time I have a really good feel about my HOLD.
And the best thing is, this hasn't even began yet.
I send love to you faggots ;_;.
See you at 80m$ market cap or even more.
Thank you.
x2 from last time I posted here about HST.
Still no?
Dont want money?
Ok, fine