MOVE FAST.GET INTO ETH / FAVORITE ALTS.BTC GOING TO 5K.
eth starting its climb to 420 on chirstmas
tfw i sold BTC at its ATH to ETH and then diversified to OMG, REQ, NULSFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELSGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Yea, no
will money skeleton become our sickly christmas money tree?
lets fucking do this
btc sell volume at the moment
you gonna hold that BTC until it's 5k again?the bull run is over you fucking brainlet.Bitfinex is keeping the price above 7K with artificial tethers while whales cash out.Last chance.
Yea, I'll hold it until $5k lol
Nah it's crashing all the way to 4k.
Yes.
And so many little packages with fulfilled memes.
no, crash to 3k$!>naw, crash to 2k$!1>naaah, crashing to 100$!!
!1Are you fucking brainlets, or what?
The reason most of the people on this board pink wojak so much and are poor is because they trade too frequently.
There is so much buy pressure on BTC right now and even at the first sign of a dip, it would be bought up in a flash.
Weather people here like it or not, there is institutional money watching BTC now on the sidelines always buying in.
deluded linkies... wait
"Weather"lmao

wait till later today when it goes back down to 300 as alwayseth good old faitfull
Good time to sell my alts on bittrex for ETH and send the ETH to binance.
FUCK BITTREX
Good choices.
Personally I'm going with Kyber, FUN and NULS.
But good luck anon.
Typing from my mobil while training at the gym.
Autocorrect is a bitch >lmao
some poo spent two hours making this and got paid in bitcoin
it's trying to break 320
I have $1200 disposable income a month.
How much should I partition for crypto and should I go big 3 or alts?
institutional money will not "buy in" inside some shady third party exchange.
they will kill the market with regulation first.
bitcoin will be regulated.
time to move to ethereum.>https://www.coindesk.com/cme-groups-leo-melamed-well-tame-bitcoin/
how about you do your research faggot
tfw my eth safely locked away forever
in this moment was already exist 9.000.000 coins>was already exist
YYYEEEEESSSSSSSS
where does it drop off?
I don't think btc is gonna crash but bought some eth anyways
Kek that shit looks the ads you would put on a third world restaurant absolute thrash haha
.056 sats