I bought my bitcoins in 2013 when they were shilled heavily on /pol/, at the start of the bull run of december.I got a decent amount at ~300$ each, I got lucky to get early enough, but after that every single trade I made (except one) was at loss.I never chased any pumps, never FOMOed, never panic sold.
Always invested in solid projects that had a utility and no decent competition, either in the crypto tech or real world.I was all in XMR for more than a year, bought at 70 cents and sold at 50 cents.
This is my most massive missed opportunity but there were countless of others.
Many of them would have made me a multimillionaire if I bought later or sold earlier.I see shitcoins with shit ideas behind competitors getting huge marketcaps for literally nothing but a whitepaper.
I see pajeets everywhere creating FOMO without any argument and people taking the bait and getting dumped on.
I see all crypto communities turning to shit one after the other, including /biz/.cont.
I don't think I'm too stupid, I learnt TA trading forex but don't really use it here except on some BTC moves, like the short squeeze that happened last week.Maybe I'm doomed, or too intaligent for cryptos, or should just follow the hype, but I'm done losing every time.
It's pissing me off, making me depressed and I see my portfolio getting rekt month after month.I'm up in fiat 400%, but just holding btc would have given me 2000%.
My only positive trade was a good 3.5x on WTC, or I would be nearly even on fiat value.I spent 2 days accumulating the alt I want to keep for 1 year (modum but don't even bother buying, the crypto investors are too fucking stupid to understand why dividend is the best system and that's why every single big company in the world use it).If I get a good return on it in 1 year I'll just cash out and take a few years off.But I want to make a giveway for one /biz/ user when I come back, but there'll be conditions.
>you must have a bitcoin wallet that is not empty>it must have transactions older than february 2017>you must have less than 5btcWhen I comeback, I'll send you a tiny amount of btc, if you send it back (to prove the wallet is still active) I'll give you a nice amount, depending on my returns meanwhile.In 1 hour I'll pick one randomly and tell lwhich one.Good luck.