Why?
Because it isn't true he is a pedo.
he was very brave to admit it
Don't stop trying to save your precious BTC.
I enjoy the laughs.
joke on you, im all in BCH the true King
shit was fake.people are mad ETH is the only safe place to be at the moment.
who the fuck wants to be up 24 hours a day watching hash power and swapping between BTC and BCH with 2 days transfers.
fuck off.ETH to 1000$
Shit was fake.Keep believing that anon
Some Big Orders came in to prevent a massive drop /// most of US is asleep ... Korea/China/Japan are probably all focused on BTC
people love opinionated people
this
unless you have been living under a rock (aka reddit), you would know the the world elites all have a slight involvement with pedo things.Keeps each other in check.Elites = Money = ETH just got a big plus.
ETH isn't a threat to Bitcoin though.>the absolute desperate state of Shitcoin Trash bagholders when they can't stop posting about Bitcoin
Since btc and bcc aren't safe, why not just usdt?
There is something unholy about Ethereum.
It looks to be like the communist coin from hell
USDT>safeanon.....
this desuidk man, the coin and tech is good but the people behind it are like darth vader cross with a rat, i fear these people more than the usual jjewery
I'm still learning, could you please explain why it would be a bad idea?
It seems like the logical choice from outside!
Why wouldn't it?
Pedos have been in crypto a lot longer than any of us.
They are the true early adopters.
last week the people on here were screeching about vitalik being a marxist because he doesnt like trumpnow vitalik basically makes a libertarian argument and people call him a pedophilekeep trying noethers vitalik is the austrian econ autist we need to reach freedom
The tribe rewarded him for spreading their values
he is vastly unprofessional, also he defends Child porn and doesnt like trump.
Im not buying ETH
and doesnt like trumpoh noes!
such a monster!
:(
Idk I'm pretty new too but from what I've been hearing it's just assumed that tether has a 1:1 ratio with the US dollar, when it reality it's likely they're making tether out of thin air and it has no real dollar value, so it works for the time being but when the inflation bubble pops and tether becomes worth like even just .50 for 1$ a person who has their entire savings of like 75k in tether just had it reduced to 37.5k because they assumed tether was being honest, and there isn't any regulations stopping them from lying as of now.but idk really
Oh!
That makes perfect sense, thanks anon :)
There's nothing wrong with ETH, guys.
Get on the right side of history.
you're turning your real dollars into funny money dollars, a lot of people call this tinfoil hat thinking, but there are so many risks involved with that it's just not worth it.
you're basically trusting a central bank like entity INSIDE of the untouchable crypto sphere.
there's a lot of rumors going around that a huge chunk of USDT is not backed by anything, it just smells fishy as hell, and IF something corrupt is actually going on behind the scenes and they get caught, you can instantly kiss your money goodbye.