https://blockchain.info/tx/6ba0e3732c71b04a66a739a20f6a4bdbaa8588c6d34d0be0e1bdb2de0c46c37625k to bitfinex, 10k to two other exchanges.
RIP BTC.
how do you know this is ver?
so this fucking asshole is going to dump across ALL major exchanges?IT'S OVER
No this WAS the last pump, but he has plenty more btc to start this fuckery againIf you look at the confirmations on the personal deposit address he sent the btc too it would of reached 2 confirmations (the requirement for a successful deposit) just before the crazy pump happened.He was probably the person that kept the 0.5 buy wall up at poloniex for 1hour while literally every other exchange was alteast 0.1btc cheaper
lel can't wait for people who think "BTC can't fail because... it can't fail it never failed so it can't fail!"
to get parted with their gains.Well deserved losses on their part.
They're the kind of "investors" that create massive fucking bubbles like the 2008 housing crisis because people with this mentality thought "real estate is king for wealth growth" was going to last forever.
Also note this guy was a millionaire long before he even bought any BTC.
He would literally throw away all his btc to prop this shitcoin up if he wanted just because hes in a tantrum for not getting his own way, money means nothing to him
There will most certainly be another BCH pump and dump.
Up to $4k and down to about 3k.After that another pump and dump to 8k down to 6k.Don't buy this scam coin.
It will only pump and dump.
this is a psychotic level of delusion
what a cunt
I hope this teaches people that if crypto frees them from governments it is going to place them in the hands of something much worse
BASED BITCOIN JESUS RESCUING BITCOIN FROM THE BILDERBERGER BLOCKSTREAM
WRONG you idiot.
The linked Tx was only 4 hours ago and the pump *ended* 5 hours ago.It was the Chinks doing the pumping.
Roger is just late to the party.
4317565 (OP)>how do you know this is ver?Its not him.
It's me.
Hehehe
kek
I keep hearing this guy's name being associated with MtGox, what was his role in that?
The tx is from rogers personal bitfinex deposit address to bitfinex cold storage btc storage.His actual transaction is confirmed and tradable on the exchange once his deposit address received 2 confirms which matches the pump perfectly..
Doesn't matter when bitfinex moves the coins and its the same with the other exchanges, don't try and bullshit when the evidence is right in-front of you in black and white faggot.Like I said it doesn't matter anyway that probably isn't even 5% of his btc, won't surprise me if he does this shit again
BitcoinCash is Bitcoin
some guy reckons thats only some of his transactions, and that hes moved close to 250k
What’s his end game /biz/ seems like he’s going to lose a lot of btc trying to prop up bch
Which gets him 5x or more gains if he achieves the flippening.
I think he's just friends with Jihan Wu and hates core for some reason.I don't know exactly why, someone with more knowledge can explain it.This is something somebody posted yesterday, about how the masterplan is working:> Find small exploit on bitcoin PoW.> Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.> Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.> Upgrade to bitcoin would nullify my exploit (Segwit)https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9f> Spam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempoolhttp://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.png (embed)https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hhttps://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-why> Tell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade> Fork the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners.> Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok> I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coinhttps://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/> Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easilyhttps://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208> Rent russian social farm for a few days> Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book> Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage> Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be biggerIf you buy BCH, you are being manipulated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0
If you buy BCH, you are being manipulated.Doesn't matter.
BTC deserves to die even more than BCH deserves to die.
I'll ride the flippening and then go into other things, awaiting the next flippening, which will be ethereum overtaking BCH.BTC is corrupt as hell and I don't care that manipulation is used to bring it down.
This just shows how awful miner politics and proof of work really is, especially with asic friendly bitcoin.This is the best thing to happen to crypto in a long time and I hope it discredits proof of work for good.BTC is the OG shitcoin and it's finally being flushed down.
Holy shit, this is worse than I thought.Why would anybody ever trust this guy?
MtGox basically stole money from BTC holders, plain and simple.
So basically he was part of the scam.Fuck, BCH bag holders deserve what they will get
kek keep dreaming matey
All your points are true but the shitty thing is someone with this much btc and this much power with such a stubborn and strong opinion could force a flippening without any support from the community purely by market manipulation like this, the guy has like 500k bitcoin or more and he was a multi millionaire even before even buying them so that the money means nothing compared to proving his point.
I'm all in ETH and eth tokens and I don't really care for bitcoin or bitcoin civil wars but if BCH wins this its seriously terrible for crypto and shows exactly how "decentralized" the currency is when a couple people with a lot of power and lot of money can manipulate the entire market to get their own way
I too would love a change of PoW, but it's not that simple to achieve consensus.It has been suggested already many times, and some are working on it, but probably won't happen.Although maybe after this shitshow there might be more people working on it and agreeing.Fuck miners.I wonder if PoS would be good enough, but who knows.It would be wonderful if I could mine BTC directly with my pc's at home though.I also intend to create a LN node and get (super tiny) transaction fees
Agreed.We shouldn't even know who Jihan Wu is for example, yet he holds a lot of power in bitcoin.
Mining is completely centralized and I wish it could be stopped.
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
and shows exactly how "decentralized" the currency is when a couple people with a lot of power and lot of money can manipulate the entire market to get their own wayWhich is exactly why it needs to happen.
People need to understand.
I hope this teaches people that if crypto frees them from governments it is going to place them in the hands of something much worseAmen...Crypto only works if there is no third party that's able to influence it, which is impossible as miners will always band together to gain power and money.
No way this guy has more than 500k BTC
You fucking copy paste pajeet , quit your shitcoin shilling.
BCH is a maffia shitcoin for asic miners.
youre a CoreCucking Dumbfuck.BCH is killing BTC once and for all
and fuck Roger Verthis moron cant control BTC no matter hard hard he tries
he looks like a chad
It’s common knowledge and something he likes to brag about that only satoshi has a higher market cap share of bitcoin than him.Sure he could be bullshitting but any wallets connected to him have all been loaded with 1000s of btc
I want you to suck the Jew mafia's dick instead of using Satoshi's legitimate coin.Thanks but no thanks, the chinese have more honor.
b...but>muh centralization>muh regulation>muh gubminttop kek cryptards
4317723This video was made 7 months before the collapse of MTGOX.At that time, MTGOX was experiencing no delays with Bitcoin.Their only problems at that time were with fiat withdrawals.
While I regret having made this video for MTGOX, everything stated in the video was factually correct, even with everything we know today.I simply stated that the withdrawal delays were not being caused by a lack of liquidity.I made no claims as to whether or not MTGOX was solvent or not.My apology video can be found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRIJ_...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRIJ_jpmwzo
Damn bch bag holders gotten so desperate they’re roleplaying on 4chan now.
fucking LOL
what an untrustworthy person
I think he's really short kek
yeah these BTC folks are way more reliable
Fuck off, retard.
kys corecuck
gonna happen after january.Coinbase dump comes first
right after you cashcuck
Nah, who the fuck would buy large quantities of btc (dozen of thousands of $) back in the days when it was very unsure/shady and started to be accepted on silk road?
Was he an economist believing in the project?
A bitcoin dev?
Nope, that's the work of 3-letter agencies right here.
35k in btcthis pisses me off so much that someone can own that much of btcand he most likely has never even given any to help anyone out at all227,000,000+ million dollars I pray he'll never be able to cash out easily.
Rich fucks should always struggle and have a hard time.
he has 100-300k.
Nobody would have bought so much.
It's not like he was a skilled speculator before.
It's not his money and he works for a 3-letter agency.
Totally agree brother.
The arogance of the BTC core cucks is starting to annoy me
Pure fud.
He apologized later.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRIJ_jpmwzoMany people didn´t know any better
Hahhahahhhhhah HahahhaaHahaYou fucking retardSigned, another anarchist whale from 2010.Btw Gavin gave away 50 000 coins in 2010.
why are people trusting BTC or any crypto when these shills/3letteragencies can easily be given or steal a ton of crypto they never paid for and cash out whenever they like hurting everyone else to their amusementthere needs to be a truly safe coin/currency, obviously bitcoin isn't it... i question if any coin/currency is it...and that bothers mewhat is the most fair/equal coin?
PoS doesn't work.
Still rewards hoarding it and not spending it.
BTC should be a store of value and BCC should have been like GAS is to NEO...Staking BTC to earn BCC....I would have liked that.
Nice, at least BCH's horribly demise will render him completely eligible for food-stamps.