say this outloud"not on coinmarketcap""not being shilled on reddit""not being shilled on twitter""15 million supply""15 cents""professional website""team with doctorates"15 FUCKING CENTS2000 SATOSHISthis is going to 10X.
last fucking chance I'm serious.
DONT BE POOR.
kek and what does the token do?blatant pump and dumpsage
just a whitepaper...no beta product until june 2018...lol so many bag holders
The economic model of Emphy is based on the constant circulation of EmphyCoin in thesystem, as well as the stable demand for crypto currency from users side.
The receivedcommission, first of all, should cover the company's operating expenses, ensuredevelopment and stimulate active expansion in the market.For buyers and holders of EmphyCoin, the economic benefit is formed by the price growth of the token, which has real application, value and is the currency unit in the ecosystem.
The price growth of the token will occur primarily as the number of ecosystem users increases.
The limited availability of tokens will help to support the rate of the crypto currency.
Tourists and travelers will always need our tokens to pay the rent, these people will be the driving force that has a constant demand for EmphyCoin.
Went all in, this looks very promising
you took two paragraphs to say absolutely nothingthe token is useless
I hope you die op.
Went all in and doubled my money why cant FUDers do the same?
fucking all in baby
this has the smell of a scam all over it.
be wary bizbros, get in and out quick if you are going too, this shitcoin will dump hard.
obviously coordinated PND, anyone chasing this shit is just pure gambler and dont cry here when pajeet dump on your head.
the dev isn't even active on his own ANN
and where can i buy it u fuckface
fuck off shill
etherdelta
4277177youll be the guys buying in 2 days at 75 cents.
EPY on Etherdelta
How do I get started with this rn pls
Also went all in fuck u stay poor loool
Clif High shills the shit out of these.
Thats enough for me..
This is gonna mooooooooon
Went all in at around 0.00038 not worried one bit