Ok enough about segwit2x and your shitcoins.
this affects all of us.In the US where our tax code is super fucking unaccustomed to assets like BTC.
(you can thank the drews) how do we survive and not get audited and fucked by those scoundrels?
what exchanges will report you.
how do i avoid jail time and report the taxes correctly.
or do i move to thailand?
Why don't you just pay your taxes?Just a thought
Do you know how to read?
the way it is setup right now.
even if i tried to report correctly.
they would still jew you.
its the biggest hurdle BTC and this whole community will deal with.
There is almost no way to legally execute this.
Luckily I used btc-e so the gov already has my tax info.
This affects us allNot us Britbongs.
Only 3rd worlders and Ameriburgers
well thats good for the little guy.
i found this.
the irs is not interested in the little shrimp.
but remember friends.
bitcoin ATM's are your friend.
You might be retarded if you believe that.All you have to do is report your gainz as income and pay your taxes.
he keeps "his" fortune on KYC/AML (((exchanges))) where he doesn't even control the private keysLmao.
Get fucked.
if you actually read into how this works.
you have to report ALL OF YOUR TRADES.
if you buy BTC and trade it for any other asset then the gain is realized then and there.
its a complicated matter.
Everyone is so combative and insecure.
we are not even talking about competing coins you fags.
why the hostility?
oh your tiny little brain can't work out how to report your trades?Okie then
RENDER UNTO CAESAR
Not even close to how shitcoin trading is counted by the IRS, they're only really interested in when those gains are converted into fiat currencies, or when the Bitcoins are used to buy stuff.
Only other time to worry is if the coin you're trading for is used to buy things of tangible worth in your country.
do you even know what index the IRS uses as a means of determining the market value of a crypto.
no you dont.
this shit isnt like gold.
highly volatile.
lot of room for misreporting.
eeer i actually had a loss!!
they don't need to use an index you dipYou really are fucking retarded
Woops forgot the funny pic
when you make a trade of btc (realizing the gain) then it does matter to the IRS for whatever extrapolated number they give you as a bill.
4279636kek
Yes but they don't need to use an index, they just need you to tell them how many USD you got when you sols you idiot
Ya need to move bro
'dear IRSI purchased 2 tardcoins for $100 and sold them again for $200 worth of anal lube so my taxable income is impossible to determine cause i'm a retarded mouthbreather pls halp'