Is this shit gonna keep going up?
If you don't know make a guess anyway
It's going to 10k by this time next year, screencap this post
ETH is basically a shitcoin with corporate banking.>mostly centralized>faulty programming causes forces forks and frozen assets seemingly every other month>essentially a platform for facilitating shitcoins>Uses hype words like web 3.0 and smart-contracts Once the ICO bubble pops, you'll see Ethereum crash violently.On the note of smart-contracts, you'll see actual good coins like BTC, LTC, XMR implement them in a secure manner, unlike ETH seems to be able to do.
>OMG THIS STUPID SHIT COIN HASN'T MOVED FOR LIKE 24 HOURS ALREADY!!!!
WHAT A PIECE OF SHIT I NEED IT TO MOON TO $10,000 ABSOLUTELY NON STOP WITH 20% GAINS EVERY SINGLE DAY
not before it goes back to $300 kek
Q1 2018 $600 Q4 2018 $1200__ 2019 $2200
keep getting bukake'd by the bitcoin core team, dipshit.
ethereum has already stolen all of the good blockchain developers.
they aren't moving for muh rootstock or a copy pasta version of buttcoin, you complete clown> you'll see actual good coins like BTC, LTC, XMR implement them in a secure mannerHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI DRINK YOUR MILKSHAKE YOU FUCKING RETARDI DRINK IT UP
You sound very nervous, Anon.
Smart contracts on XMR
I think it will go up and moon because 2018 is the era of the normie money.
It's right next to BTC at a massive discount compared to Bitcoin on normiebase.We are the early middle of the bubble not the end.
It will go to $400 very soon.
But waiting for ETH is a pain in the ass.
nope
Should keep going for some time yet on the usual bumpy road of panic sellers and dip buyers.
The thing I like about ETH is how it just keeps trucking along steady and consistent with predictable recovery after dips.
I'm much more concerned about my regular stock in HIVE Blockchain (they mine ethereum, monero, and zcash).
The stock price is being manipulated to drop this past couple weeks and the company hasn't said shit.
Hodling for now but this nickel and dime dog and pony show makes me more edgy than the crypto currencies themselves.
is a critical number, once we break that we're going to 400
This
faulty programming causes forces forks and frozen assets seemingly every other monthBlaming ethereum for parity's fuckup is retarded m8, same with the DAOETH is the future nigger, embrace it sooner than later
Nigger, how many more shitty programming practices do you have to witness from the main ETHheads before you're like, fuck it, I'm out.
i have only seen revolutionary programming from the team (casper, ZK-snarks, POW -> POS etc.
)Blaming bad coders who write applications on ethereum is like blaming microsoft for fuckups by software companies
4507673Spotted the blockchain brainlets.You'd say the united states dollar was hacked if someone managed to get into the vault of a local bank somewhere too wouldn't you.
The cofounder of Eth, who helped write solidity, has missed basic security protocols in his own language, how am I supposed to trust his system if he doesn't even know how to properly implement it?
the wallet was good until someone deleted a line of code by mistake.
The wallet worked fine before.
That says nothing about basic security protocols, but rather that someone in their office is a complete retard
That was just this last time, you're forgetting about all the other times shit like this has happened.The very language ETH is written in is broken.https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14807779
JESUS FUCK are you really this retarded?IF SOMEONE WRITES BUGGY CODE IN JAVASCIPT DOES THAT MEAN THE INTERNET IS BROKEN?fu
Not just someone, the cofounder of ETH and the programming language Solidity itself.
Eth isn't written in JS ya tard
buttblasted buttcoiner
Yeah, you're right, all these gains sure got me buttblasted real good
meth heads acting like they are into securitykek
Those bags sure getting heavy, aren't they?
oh I hold buttcoin too, but it's still a shitcoin - ETH is just betterkeep regurgitating maximalist bullshit, buddy
By basically, you mean is a shitcoinSage
I've been known to be over-generous sometimes
was i talking about eth ya tard?
I was refering to the internet, where the vast masjority is written in javascript.
You can't blame the car for people killing themselves because they run off a cliff m8get where i'm going?
tick tock
i see a netscape and i see a google in the making in that pic
Yeah.
I just don't trust ETH or anything built by it's founders, ya dig?I understand why ETH sounds good on paper, but in practice, there are too many security bugs and attack vectors in the system itself for myself to be comfortable with it as a long term hold.Security > Versatility Best of luck to you, though
ethereum handles 52% OF ALL CRYPTO TRANSACTIONS, and it does so with a fee that is on average 59 times lower than BTC.
Please tell me how that equals a shitcoin
Cardano and Tezos.Both are little babies and the latter just shat its pants, but they'll grow and become big players.
Ethereum is no Bitcoin and never will be.
It's not going to stay the king of smart contracts for long.
TezosYou mean the scammers who are under investigation for fraud in a class action?top kekhttps://www.coindesk.com/tezos-founders-sued-securities-fraud-potential-class-action/
I bet you browse 4chan on an etch-a-sketch because browsers have too many attack vectors
Oooo, ya got me!
It's not a scam, smartass.
4510110legitimately rekt, go to bed
sure thing buddy
SeeSorry, who's getting wrecked?
u
Functional programming > anything else.I know you're scared.
Just like most BTC are scared, but unlike Bitcoin, Ethereum is not staying on top.Anyway, it'll only take a few months to shut you up.
what project has more developers?
Ever heard of Steve Ballmer?
Look up what a majority of devs in the space means
see the transaction backlog and tx fees, who's getting wrecked in reality?
4510233It's fucking staring you in the face: bitcoin is broken as a technology and as a community.
There is no practical use for a currency which is slow and expensive, and nothing is seemingly being done about itRIGHT NOW eth is a superset of Bitcoin, and yet it still does the job of bitcoin about 50 times better (not even fucking exaggerating with that number, what the fuck).
It is also the coin with the vast majority of developer mindshare, and is best poised to tackle the actual problem that all cryptos' viability depends on: sharding.Bitcoin won't even have PoS for 9324932942 years because of all the bullshit infighting and cultish idiots (see your own posts) - so it will simply not scale fast enough in relation to a unified team like ETHBTC is the true shitcoin, and I can't wait to dump it all when ETH starts ramping up
I think it can go to 500 at least by december.
Not sure if I should dump my alts for eth, or they would moon together.