Make a crypto portfolio that will double in value by Jan. 1, 2018.
All in USD
LINKBLOCKDCN
LINKMORE LINK
20% eachcossodnmodreqcnd
Dont be so short sighted.
Less than 2 months?
Who cares, buy LINK now get rich later
SALTSALTMore SALT
All in req for easiest 2x by eoy
buying LINK tears, sub 3000DBIX 12-1500 rangeLAMBOZ ON DECKY
All in ELLAhttps://stocks.exchange/trade/ELLA/BTC/1Mso cheap right now and has so much upside that it won't be effected if BCH replaces BTC
LINK DCN
100% BCH
thisor you could just go ballsdeep in BCH its no way its losing at this point.
BTC chain is going to get cucked with this extreme transaction queue when half or more of the mining power goes over to BCH.
Transactions will take ~4 hours and it will take more and more time the longer time goes because the queue will keep building, just as it has been all day.
It's over 100 000 unconfirmed transactions now and they haven't even cucked the chain yet.
ARK...And that's it.
YC
ark
Everyone is just saying their coins but here's a real arguement:LSK will at least double by year end.
Rebrand announcing on 22nd, SDK only a month or so out, with marketing on full blast until then.
Team have been owkring on this with 2 world class consulting agencies for monthsThey also have  people (16 devs) on their team and $100m worth of assetsBuy and be comfy, at the very least you will not make any losses
Yes there's a pattern, but what is the CATALYST to start the rally?I just suggested Lisk becasue there is a lot of juicy shit coming up for them,So is Ark delivering something soon or will it stay at this bottom for a while?
4295552>DCN 8trillion supply
Salt and coss, if these arent going to 2x by eoy Im going to hero
https://ark.io/roadmap
What he saidAnd him
good fuck job man im totally convinced!>a load of % complete icons for meaningless shit
Remove odn mod and cindicator and you might get some crazy gains next year
asks whether ark is delivering>disregards information showing you how far along all aspects of the project arewhats is like being retarded
What's it like being an arkie?
what's it like knowing every other blockchain has to decide to implement code given to them by ark in order for ark to be able to act as a bridge for them?What's it like knowing this will never happen?
By January?
lol.
Factom (FCT) will double within a week
ETH classic by tomorrow morning
why would LINK make you rich in years to come but not in months?
dont get it.
Couldnt you just ride other pumps now and get in LINKs later if its not going anywhere anytime soon?
lmao yeah the one edgelord dev bch has is totally gonna rekt core lolololololololololololololol.
/biz/ is cancer....too bad so many technically incompetent morons had to shit up the actual useful crypto discussion on /g/
except this isnt even how they're doing it?
your fud is a few months outdated brainlet
it's on their website.
you don't research something before you make it a favorite bag?
ETCBCHETHI hear ARK a lot here but Have yet to see it
convince me on ARK - I have 70 LTC held up until Thursday because I hit my Card Limit.
If I move say 30% there to sit on will it be a good call?I've put everything on ETC I made from BCH today and I was planning on moving more into ETC when the LTC clear but I can split to ARK
BCH LHC
I'd rather buy link or blocknet or some shit than ARK.
4296312uh huh...https://blog.ark.io/aces-ark-contract-execution-services-d6924486b8c5
NEO , ark add some Ripio
RDN EPY RLC ETP RUP DRP WAN ICX
4296312keep honing those research skills tho bro!
baby steps!
Neo here shortly will have nice gains.
since its about to be added to the Chinese trading site within the hour
ALIS easily.
They're planning an MVP Q1 2018
All-in Dcorp.
Can probably get 4x by December, but double by January is a nice conservative goal
Everyone here are shilling their bags.
Also you want more horses than just one.Get these: XMR & SYS.
For large profit later than beginning of 2018 get also BTS and WTC.
Why does /biz/ totally ignore WAVES?>Huge partnerships.>Going to ramp up their marketing activities massively .>Great tech>Russian government support.But no bit bean gets more attention on here.
Are you people still salty about your srupid nigger coin?
Because its shit.
Just compare it to BTS.
Care to explain?
XMR, VTC, XLM, PWR...what am i missing
Only a fraction of the transaction volume capacity.
DEX not really decentralized.
easily, but I aim for triplingRDN, VTC, POWR
VTCLINKREQI also have a gut feeling ETH will but I have my ETH in tokens.
what chinese exchange?
BTC 100%
fpbp