good job faggots.
you ruined it.
https://pastebin.com/sxq253yB
the concept of solarcoin would literally make the universe into a game of stellaris
FUCKING BIZTARDS.
jesus christ.
just sold my SLR
don't click, my anti virus just alerted me that this link contains a virus
>another major catalystHOLY FUCKING SHIT IT'S A HINT AT ENIGMA CATALYSTBUY BUY BUY
Palm Beach subscriber here, can confirm that this is real.
Got in at a good enough price on POWR and SLR but going to dump my bags now because of you fucking pajeets.
Ohhh fuck THATS why he sent out a buy EOS alert today.
Is this real?
i dont think biz is to blame for the pbc leaks, they were bound to get leaked anyways.the real questiom, how is teeka planning on preventing pbc leaks in the future?
that sounds interesting
Dumb If True.
Also he calls us criminals but he's literally doing a PND with a huge group of big investors to try to make the rest of the market catch on their fire.
he needs to stop giving away easy ass hints
SLR just went up, what the fuck?
Someone copy paste that shit im not clicking that link.
Why I'm Postponing This Month's NewsletterBy Teeka Tiwari on November 15, 2017PrintDear Reader, It has been brought to my attention that many speculators have inflated the prices of several renewable energy projects.
Because I'm expecting extreme volatility due to these criminals who have stolen information from our previous news letters, I'm left with no choice but to postpone the November issue until the 20th and cover something completely different but equally as exciting and profitable.
Remember, my reader's best interest is always in mind, and I'm doing this with the goal of helping you, a member of Palm Beach Confidential, make the most amount of profit possible in the safest way possible.
Five days from now I'll share with you an incredibly exciting project that puts us in position to capture massive value over the long term.
You’re going to change your life if you can follow this advice.
Then, I’ll address some concerns about our current Confidential leaks, and how I'm going to prevent them in the future.
Meanwhile, check tomorrow’s Daily.
I’ll show you another major catalyst that will send bitcoin higher.
Stay tuned…
IS IT REALPBC subs respond
it's real.
i dropped my bags as soon as i received it.
look at powr and slr and you can see all the subbers are dropping as well.
does teeka only shill coins traded on bittrex?
PBC sub here, this is 100% fake.
lol, dont drop your bags to these scammers.
FAKE
its the only exchange his boomer subscribers can figure out how to use
FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKEFAKEFAKE FAKE FAKE
It has been brought to my attention that many speculators have inflated the prices of several renewable energy projects.
Because I'm expecting extreme volatility due to these criminals who have stolen informationTeeka complaining that people have stolen information he didn't even publish yet.
That's rich.
FAKE
4372655Proof that you're PBC sub?
I am.
This is FAKE.
POWR niggars are gaming you guys
Why OP didn't post the screenshot?
I am telling you guys its a scam post
Buy this dip or stay poor
Because it is FAKE
HUGE buy orders.
Nice kneejerk reaction /biztards/This is why you have no gains
AGree
4372571?PasteBin Virus?
wtf how new are you?
Not working OP.
See BUY orders
Smees like Pajeets are gaming us.
I was right.
This was a rumor by a fking Whale group
fake news
fake and gay
I am a member.
This post that OP is linking to is 100% fake!Teeka never send out a written notice updating his plans.......HOWEVER AND THIS IS IMPORTANT.........he clearly states in an introductory email (I'm a new member just signed up) that this month's issue and pick will be out on November 20th and NOT this thursday!He does not explain or go into any further details.
100% the pick wont happen until the 20th however whatever fake letter the OP is shilling is 100% fake!
Thank you, for confirmation.
This FAKE news was madeup by a whale group to buy the dip.
Proof of this email?
Doesn't really make sense he'd push the release to the 20th without explaining to his longtime readers
holy fuck thanks for this posti might actually have been exposed to WORDSI'll click the link in a sandboxed VM set to display only bare html and let you know if there were actual words in it.
The important info in that fake letter is still 100% true!The report won't be out until the 20th so SLR will dump for sure anyways.
There's all the proof you need.