explain why bitcoin is not a ponzi scheme/pyramid/bubble etc.
because I am invested in it
Pro tip: I can't... because it is a ponzi scheme.
We are all going to lose so much because of this Tether thing.
Even alts will crash.
If you can cash out in FIAT, now is the time.
Be fearful when others are greedy.
Because a ponzi or pyramid scheme is an investment strategy that sells itself on a dividend payout for members.The con is that there is no investment: new users' signing on fees are simply used to fund the dividend payouts of older members.Collapse is a certainty, because the consumable in the scheme is people, and there is only a finite amount of those on the planet.
Once the pyramid reaches critical mass and attracts no new members, the last people in receive no dividend and exit.
The people one level above them then get no dividend, and exit.
And so on and so on.
A bubble is simply an asset class that people have over-invested in, and its value expands beyond its sane level.
"Bubble" is over-used too much these days, to simply now mean "anything overvalued", which is stupid.
The connotation of a bubble was something that rises in ask price to a level that becomes insane, and then its price crashes.
The crash damages trust in the asset to a degree it doesn't ever recover.Simply calling a boom-bust business cycle a bubbling asset is hyperbole.
Anyway, by definition, BTC is not a ponzi-pyramid, as it is not sold on the promise of a dividend.
There is a LITTLE chance that it is a bubble in the true sense, but this risk has diminished considerably since it broke the $100 trade price.
There is a moderate likelihood it is overpriced and will fall in value, but let's not shit the bed over this with hyperbole and armageddon prophesies.
It'll drop, and bounce back up, and drop, and bounce back up.
If its use case is to operate as a store of value, it has a use, regardless of whether or not people are buying just to sell to someone else at a higher price.
Stocks are items which provide you partial ownership of a company's (net) assets, and certain rights to cash distributions (cash which originates from income, which is generated by the company using its assets).
That is a stock's "use case".
And yet, people will hold this with the aims of selling to someone at a higher cost, but we don't consider it a ponzi.My point is, if something has a defined use, how people view to make money off of it doesn't always matter.
because it has 130 billion in value and that's too much money for it not to be at least half legit
You're definition of Ponzi is correct, but (my interpretation) it's just that in this context people are referring to bitcoin as a ponzi due to its value increasing constantly.
This requires new investors to put their money in, while those who bought in earlier will benefit.
thats called capitalism
bitcoin is a ponzi and we definately already hit the mania phase.
the picture shows this pretty clearly.
if u dont have 100 bitcoins right now u havent made it and probably wont.
.u are too late.
its one of the best ponzis ever created though
You are correct when you say I am correct.
You are at fault when you bother to acknowledge the opinions of people who say different.
Even if it is a bubble, we've got some room to grow.
So, what you are saying here is that if bitcoin becomes ALL MONEY, then owning one whole bitcoin will put you in the one million richest people on the planet?So, if we all get 1btc, we can club together and buy Madagascar and build kekistan?BUY BOYS, BUY!
stop comparing the dotcom bubble to imaginary meme coins with no real use.
right now monero would be enough and all other coins could be killed
i cannot believe my 10 btc is not enough
stop comparing the dotcom bubble to imaginary meme coins with no real use.>the dotcom bubble >imaginary... with no real use.
Ironic.
But imagine being so young you don't even know why the .com bubble was a bubble.
and not only this, but when the dot com bubble occurred the amount of people who even had access to it was MUCH lessim talking about southeast asia, about a lot of parts of europe, and even the lower to middle class americans.as far as access to cryptocurrency, literally my poor ass drug addicted cousin owns some ethereum.
With that interpretation you could easily say that the Apple stock (or any investment in a successful company) is a Ponzi scheme, since the investors that bought earlier will get the most benefits if the company succeeds i.e if a lot of people use their products.
can't you do math?
just take a look at my earlier comment If anyone does actually thoroughly believe in the future of public blockchains/cryptocurrency, and the decentralization that those things allow, feel free to ignore what any of us say about bitcoin (which is the vanguard of crypto, let's face facts).
You must come to your opinion.
At the end of the day, things are driven by psychology.
Psychology drives volume.
Volume drives price.
Supply and Demand commands everything.
Fuck opinions.
I did the maths and it was like 660,000.
I rounded but my statement stands: we would be in the richest 1mn.
Anon, realize that you're the bubble.
https://pastebin.com/ZUxTmR992.
GOLD EXACTLY SAME A PYRAMID SCHEME AS A BITCOIN BUT ALREADY ABSORB ALL IN
which is the vanguard of cryptobecouse bitches don't know about my alts.>let's face factsmost people think bitcoin is the only application of blockchain, when blockchain will go mainstream bitcoin will be seen as a piece of outdated tech.
Someone needs to add in altcoins getting thrown around
AT&T is a ponzi scheme shareholders who bought in early paid only .50 and today I have to buy that same share for 200Ponzi schemeu sound like a communist
It's not my place to stifle your eagerness and question how good your alt holdings are, and I agree with you that bitcoin is just what everyone knows and feels "safe" holding, for now anyway.