do you think its about to blow up?
discuss dont shill or fud please
No
hodling but still probably not, partnerships are real it seems but still the whole concept is hinging on consumers acting against their nature by and largeI really hope it does though
Explain to me why this YouTube news will matter?
Do you really think normies, let alone anyone, is going to download their shitty browser, buy eth to fund their wallets with BAT, and set up payouts just to donate to YouTubers when they can just use PayPal or Patreon instead?
Not to mention using Brave to watch their content will actually block the YouTubers ads on their videos.No one will use this to any degree with this news.
Once Gemini is released and people earn BAT daily this will matter.
Until then, I don't see how this will make any real difference.
Most normie YouTubers won't even know this thing exists
i know alot of normies use brave on mobile.
that dont even know crypto.
On mobile it's not likely for then to use because of the ad blocking, but like you siad most don't even realize it.
So what are the odds they will fund the wallet and utilize the payment system?
Very low would be my guess, until they start earning BAT after Gemini, i cant see it being used
it's still easier to use than Patreon right now.
and it will only get better in the future
absolutely, it might dump slightly before the pump so that whales can buy in
Theres absolutely no barrier to Patreon though, aside from making an account , and you also get reward incentives , which doesn't happen with BAT.You guys are seriously deluded if you think this is going anywhere before Gemini This token hasn't even recovered after the S2X drama like every other shitcoin has.
I think BAT is a decent long term investment, but it's going to be long-term.
dont get me wrong, i still treat it like a LT investment.but that doesn't mean that it can't gain some serious momentum right now.
the team shows amazing deliverables and it's looking very positive for BAT's future right now which will surely attract bigger investors.my prediction is $0.5 EOY.
i think we gona hit .0005 again and maybe .00052 is wher eit will consolidate for a bit
bless this dip, i just bought 120k, see you on uranus boyos!
just picked up 140k myself rofl.
see u in the intergalactic travels.
people underestimating news on crypto these days.
news is what drives the prices.
give a day or two for this news to spread and we will be another 10% easy
5% percent fees is fucking robbery
Nah.
Not enough interest.
It will likely tank back to $0.14 and maybe even lower
youtubers will shill this for us if we can get them interested.
4401904>tfw can't even aford 10k of one of the most underachieving coins of the last 6 months.W-would you like fries with that?
Same, the mobile brave browser is the s hit, use it all the time
implying a little 120k dip buy is my entire positionur adorable anon
I wasn't implying that.
I was being jelly of you being able to throw money around like that when I lose sleep over my shitty little positions in whatever shitcoins I chose.
Too late to the game, and always will be.
oh fuck, I read you totally wrong.
sry anon.
tell us your address and we'll toss you some BAT so you can come along
The patreon part of BAT should be a small part of itThe major part is BAT letting whitelisting good ads through (ones that aren't malicious) to users who tick the "Allow Brave to show me ads" button, and those users are rewarded BAT for doing that.
Then, they give BAT patreon style to whoever they want to (This is huge, because people dont want to load up their credit card to send money to someone they want to support.
But if they can easily earn the money in the form of BAT in their browser, they will part with it easier as well, and happily give it to their favorite youtubers etc)Thats why BAT is going to $5 in a few years
CAan someone post the pictures of the team?
For real?
Thanks anon0x9ee4e30892526eEa2c33Dd3032918923d1bE0eD3
np anon, your position has been doubled :) have a nice day!
HOLY SHIT ANON DELIVERED!
Thanks heaps mate.
Please have this rare Pepe in return.
where is 5 percent fees?
wow such a nice pepe, im saving this thanks anon
4402618that's honestly one of the best pepes i've ever seen, thanks anon
4402528This is the kind of threads 4chan needs.Proof that BAT brings forth the best in peopleBUY BUY

speaking of which...
I'm hodling, too.
I think Brendan Eich is working hard to get important people to use BAT/Brave.
He's going to universities and conferences a lot right now.Good point
god damn the BAT/USD chart is looking comfy guys
If cripple didn't blow up from the Amex announcement then BAT won't from some shit browser incorporation
what amex announcement?
eth has like so many companies on ethereum alliance, mastercard, visa, jp morgan, santanders, ect.
ect.
whats 1 card amex to ripple going to do?
when ripple doesnt even have a value for its blockchain?
ripple is owned 60% by the devs.
and no1 knows what its intended use is... obviously it wont do anything.
bat on otherhand is building a whole new advertisement system for the web.
from one of the lead developers that built the web... cmon man youtube for bat is the biggest news in crypto atm.
almost as big as derivitves for btc and eth.
and maybe even bigger.
ikr?
4th largest credit card issuer in the world and the market is like "meh".
I mean what the actual fuck.
The crypto world makes no fucking sense at all.
not all we gotta do is figure out a way to shill this to big swinging dicks on youtube with a lot of subscribers and authority.They're greedy enough to get into this, and that's the whole premise behind cryptos anyway.
With the whole adpocolypse debacle, we need to seize this opportunity and shill it to youtubers as means of generating a new revenue stream and "a new way of supporting the channel"H3H3 is a good fit for initiating the shilling.
BAT team doesn't seem to care about marketing, so we have to take measures into our own hands.
And perhaps that's the best sort of marketing tactic out there (why do we have to spend money on marketing when the investors will market it themselves)
there's a good chance, given future partnership announcementsthis.
This isnt Eichs first rodeo, he knows how to pull the bay area strings and already has connections.
That's how these companies work.
People are aware of crypto hype, companies are interested, and if someone who's been around for a while with a decent career record approaches a big company it looks much better than some random pajeet of questionable origin.
I don't think people will remember / mind that he doesn't like gays until after BAT moons and gets attention, at which point we would have already cashed out.
Plus, it's a legitimately good product + working idea.
It's only a matter of time before bat moons.
At the price I think it's worth picking up.
sounds like a good idea.
how can we reach out to h3h3?
I have an idea it could gain traction if a couple of people who have had their publishing demonetized jump on board.
The best way to shill this is to start sending Youtubers BAT so they realize that this is a viable source of income
they have to get a wallet through brave first, and prove its them
yeah fair enough.
i'm watching timcast right now and sending him some BAT.
wonder how it shows up on his side.
ah yeah they have to go herehttps://publishers.basicattentiontoken.org/guys.. this looks so damn good.
could this be it?
the final calm before the storm?
4404078That's it!The way we get youtubers' attention is by incentivizing them to do it based on the fact that people will already be rewarding them on the platform without their knowledge.
Then once they register, they'll be able to claim all the BAT tokens that have been accumulating on their channel's account without them realizing it.It's genius.
it said it right therehttps://publishers.basicattentiontoken.org/>a lot of fans may have already filled your wallet
Can we get this guy to shill BAT on the H3 Podcast?
His vids are auto demonetized and I'm sure he'd be in support.
The rest will follow
someone start a thread on his subreddit"H3H3 can bypass the adpocalypse through cryptocurrencies"and then tell them about Brave and BAT
4404290uh.. wait.. so it seems like the best course of action at this point is for us all to start *using the product*this is so simple and obvious but we're all used to intangible cryptocurrencies with promises of cool future products, so the fact that this is available right now seems bizarre
I had the same thought today.
What would be a good video/page to link to on the subreddit?
maybe thishttps://www.cnet.com/news/brave-browser-lets-you-pay-your-favorite-youtube-stars/CNET is a pretty well-trusted source
I'll just leave this here.
https://basicattentiontoken.org/brave-expands-basic-attention-token-platform-to-youtube/I was thinking of making some youtube videos explaining it and giving the quick rundown or like some tutorials
https://www.reddit.com/r/BATProject/comments/7dfa22/youtube_demonetization_batbrave_awareness/BAT's community manager is already WAY ahead on this.
They got this planned out.
holy shit this is brillianthttps://brave.com/creators/i take back what i said about them not marketing
fuckin nice!i think it's still important that we actually use the product though.
if everyone is spamming youtubers from chrome and they get 10000 tweets for every 1 BAT, this will go nowhere :)
BAT team doesn't seem to care about marketing, so we have to take measures into our own hands.
And perhaps that's the best sort of marketing tactic out thereTrueWord of mouth is better than corporate pr.
Best companies don't spend money on marketing (costco, krispy kreme, rolls-royce)
just make comments on their thing saying get a bat wallet i want to send u some bat.
and we can just spam bat to every major streamer and all the lowkey streamers too...