Yes I was shilling it to you biz but I sold off my entire position today at 10x and I suggest you do the same before they are completely exposed.Here's why:1-NO GITHUB OR PROOF OF DESIGN ANYWHERE: they say they are releasing a full product end of this month but all it is - is a pump and dump.
They raised 50k in ICO....50k....And they expect us to believe they have a fully functional product in 3 weeks.2-The team owns 80% of the ENTIRE SUPPLY.
You can see theyve been slowly dumping since day 1.3-Pajeet team with 0 blockchain experience...enough said...4-The REAL ICO PRICE WAS 0.000005 ETH because they basically handed out 20% of the entire supply.
NOT $0.055 like they are shilling.
People who got in at ICO are at 20x now...and dumping HARD.5-Pajeet scammers couldn't even hire a half way decent web designer to make their site just look at.
And we expect them to build a next gen AI bot?
LOL6-Remember embers?
That shitcoin pump and dump scam animechan shilled?
Well guess what.
They are essentially the same company.
James Drake (founder of embers) is constantly shilling in the telegram.I really dont care what you choose to do with this info because I already dumped my bags on you bizfaggers but I figured I might as well do my good deed for the day and expose these pajeets.
Sounds like the average erc20 token
lol already sold my bags at 15x gain.sittin comfy af right nowmoon mission was a huge success
Oh also I forgot7-Dont even know how to shill properly lololololol samefagging pajeets
If trading crypto has ever taught me anything, it's to never trust the dirty pajeets.
I fucking knew it.
Nice FUD Faggot
Kek
Embers pnd?
LOLyou mean EMB (embercoin) that pumped and dumped on plebs.
like you?MBRS (embermine) is different.
someone is saltybae.so you dumped your NIO bags before it mooned and now you want more cheap NIO.
LOLSad pleb.
this shitcoins going to 0 lololol
You just completely fucked your future by dumping your bags.
Autonio has been publicly testing their project for weeks.
You're a fucking moron mixing up the coins.
Nope MBRS.Went from $0.25 to what is it $0.06 today rofl
It was shilled at $0.025.
You'd have to be fucking mental to buy at $0.20+.
Of course you'll get dumped on.
I just dumped my bags.
hahahaha down 40% hahahhahahahah