Should I Biz?I don't want to lose her to the other guys she is fucking.
Honestly, you should do whatever she says.
You should also apologize to her.
Her fucking another guy means you are inadequate for her.
This.
Also call her dad and offer to suck his dick in apology for mistreating his daughter.
this actually doesn't work as well as you might think it would.
i tried it once but her father ended up using some pretty rough language and chased me out of the house with a shotgun.stay safe out there guys
Your gf is alpha as fuck.
You're privileged to even be her side-guy if you needed her advice on this.
Follow her advice.Never leave her, submit to her.
She is the female equivalent of chad and you're basically a male average woman.
You will be happier with her and richer with her guidance than if you were in a monogamous relationship with some brainlet average woman.Remember to call her daddy.
Beta as fuck advice.She's a bitch, anon.
Leave that cunt.
Tell her that she obviously has daddy issues that she needs to sort out before talking to you again.
Otherwise, you'll never be able to bring her with you to the nursing home without her sucking off all the geezers in there.
*nursing home to visit your grandpa
No, dump that BCH
Pretty simple.
If BCH pumps marry her, if it dumps leave her
You misunderstood her.
She wants you to buy her a new bag, not take the gullible bch loser's bags.
Women are smarter than men, sweetie.
You should listen to her.
;-)
I'm basically his gf but male.
Multiple women would be much happier sharing me than having a single average male bf.This is just how reality is.
Some people just provide more quality to the point that sharing quantity is worth.People are going to be bitter about it and scream for monogamy, but the free market of relationship value disagrees.
the other guysgr8 b8 i r8 8/8 2 l8, h8 da d8 not the m8
Holy shit that Alanah chick is an absolute cunt.
That person was wrong about it not being sexual harassment but her response was not justified.
Stop being a shitlord and donate to her patreon.
https://www.patreon.com/charalanahzard
Of course I am.
I AM NOT A RACIST!
bitcoin3x.orgIs she ready for the flippining?
listening to women ever