Thanks guys.you really got me on that link shilling.
I fucking knew better to to be honest.
I fucking tried so hard not to bite your shilling but I did in the end, I couldn't resist, it's fucked because I deal with scammers everyday and I fucking felt this was a piss take.Well boys you got me, and I have been on 4chan long enough not to believe anything on here then I happen to click this fucking board and I became hooked.
I got over the trading and decided to finally hodl your shitty link.Well you got me biz, it so fucking funny to you teen faggot.
If you fuckers would stay the fuck off 4chan.
You fuck it up also every july and hate coming here in those six weeks when your parents don't have the teachers to babysit you.
Fuck I wish your parents found out the fucking site you.are visting, they should really learn the degenerates you are becoming and talking too.
Noone can know forsure if the market is gonna go up, down, or sidewaysEverything is a risk, OP.You took one and it didnt pay off as of now.
so how did u become like this 4chan?
We all did anon.I sold and will rebuy once something comes up.Btc is skyrocketing everyday too hard to let it sleep there on link.
Thanks anon, makes me feel abit better to be honest.
I really can't take this out.
I'm not like you guys with tens of thousands of dollars.
I finally bit the bullet and went all in with what I had saved, 10k.
I tried my hardest not to buy in like this because i felt it was to good to be true.
But I researched what I could and felt this was it, only thing I didnt like was their shitty site and the look of the fat cunt and that was really anything to put me off

k is not a lot of money though.
Get over yourself
Thank you for your contribution
4498989weak ass hands having nigga
what disgusting whores.
I'd sell as soon as I stopped vomiting
Enjoy jerking off with it jew
Fuck you to be honest.
Worked my ass off to save that, I don't have rich parents to give me money to invest, I had to work hard for everything I have faggot
Thank you for your contribution
You put your life savings into ChainLink?