when do, 8200?
8500?
9000?
10k?
maybe hold till 200k?
discuss
inb4>TA fag>slav letters
Short now, BTC is about to drop to sub 7k.
2017>Shorting BTCAre you writing a book titled "My Path to Insurmountable Losses"?
predictions for bitcoin?
rephrasedshit thread
Look at that filename lmaofuck off faggot
just shorted about 7.5% of my portfolio, going to raise this up to 25-30% massive correction is on the way, but you keep hodling m8no its notfuck you too brah
its pretty clear by the charts that no one really wants to sell any more.
not saying we wont see any dips at all, but im not sure a significant dip is in the future right now.
id say a jump is more likely.
there hasn't been any correction since sub4k levels (bch flippening meme doesnt count).
you realize that price cant climb up without falling forever do you?
Never short the king.
BTC has too much history behind the name and will be on the up and up when you least expect it.
Short BCH instead
what broker are you using?
does it nag about IDs and stuff?
answer me, bitch 
What exchange fag?
Tell me.
4510809I mostly use Bittrex and less WEX and Poloniex, but none of these has btc margin trading so this short I made on CEX.IO.
ID verification is probs optional but I did it anyway
thx, bb
bitmex allows up to 100x short, no verification, you are welcome
to short with 1:100 leverage you must either have inside info or to be fucking dumb lolthough i'd maybe do 1:5 or 1:10, so will check thx
Just short BCH.
It's going to sub 500$ no matter what's happening to BTC.
Sure 100x is harsh.
However, when difficulty adjusts, transactions stuck, price goes to the flour -- you can safely short 100x.
You don’t short bitcoin unless you want to lose everything.
I don't lose everything as I don't short everything dumbass.Shorting btc is totally legit as it definetely needs correction.
You may not know it but whales and skilled players do.
would not short this imo
It can when its got infinite tethers
FUD around Tether is just a fud, disregard that.
And if you're right - the downfall will be even more huge when we have proofs of tether scam
It is risky for sure, but you have to bear risks to get profits.
I'll short more on 8500 and even more on 9k
/10 would read
People like you make my bch hedge worth itThank yoy
Bch is shitcoin, nobody cares about it.Btc will fall deep though
bad jokebad logicstay poor
Correction is coming and that's a safe bet.
I expect fall to 63% or 50% levels, and it's gonna be easy money.
God I hope so.
I wouldn't be mad even if I take a large hit on what I have in right now.