Just trying to scoop up as much REQ tokens as possible before moon.
How about you guise?Sitting on nearly 500k now.
when is this moon?
been bleeding since ICO fuck my shit up
Still below ico.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Nearly 420k here, ready for launch
Picked up 100k at 0.00011. been mooning ever sice
guess your gonna be comfy for a long time than.Thats what i replayed to "Im comfy" tards during ICO.Its maybe not bad project, it may moon but You are delude thinking anything gonna heppen in next 6m.Acually it will it may tank 2x below ico few more times.Gl Anon
950k here.
I'll try to play the swings and get to 1 mil
Great analysis with no reasoning.
Like the moon tards.
Found the pajeet
they're releasing a working product next month and more elements will be implemented in Q1 2018this coin could probably moon in January or February or even in December if the product really is all people were waiting for
I think they are going to announce some sort of business partnerships with companies.
I'm hoping they make have a few big ones like overstock.com or something.
I know a lot of these companies would love to use the "pay with request" button if they could.
Also, dealing with how GDAX said they will start listing tokens soon, REQ and Coinbase being YCombinator companies, I could totally see REQ being listed on GDAX as well.
Everything is possible - but i am not touching this coin, way too much competition with all the different cryptos in this segment.
I don't see REQ winning this run and in the end you still have the boss PayPal (or whatever use case REQ is getting his foot in) who can delete this shitcoin in seconds.
>They will just watch everything from the sideline and don't try to develope / buy out everything
Working product?You people deserve to stay poor.
okay i'll tell you exactly how to see it yourself>go to request.network>scroll down to the Roadmap>Click on Q1 2018 since they're ahead of schedule
The only reason I'm trading ED shitcoins is to pick up more of this joocy tokenonly 180k right now tho, wanna get that up to 200k asap
holding 2k reqnext year im in lamboland
Where do they sell lambos for $1k?
4chan has to much REQ tokens - this shit cannot move with all the pajeets in it.
simbabwe
Well stable investments tend to lose money because people dont wanna miss opportunities.
So this kinda makes sense.
k, I NEED MORE
Between this and LINK, too many own these coins here.
The stuff that moons is not pumped here
tfw all in on Link/Req comboJUSTI do have more hope for req though....
If it hits just a quarter of OMG peak market cap we will be looking at 50 cents.
I have 140k req so I will be rich.
And here I was happy with my 6.2k.
Bought 4k req at 7cFeels good, considering I was planning to buy the ICO bit missed whitelistingREQ is OMG killer
tfw 100k reqlet hereneed more req for the next year 10x moon mission.
And this is the reason why it wont hit your unrealistic numbers.
I took out a £5k credit card and spent it all on REQ two weeks ago
hmm..
guys I put a second mortgage on the shack I live in, maxed out 14 credit cards at $7.5k each, and took a loan out for $100,000 to buy REQ at ATHam I gonna make it?
Also thinking about remortgaging my house and putting it into LINK and REQ
You mean it can't pump to under a quarter of some vaporware shitcoin that pretty much wants to do the same thing?How is a 300 mill market cap unrealistic?
Have you seen some of the worthless shit that hit 300 mill?
if the BitConnect Ponzi can hit 500 mil this thing can too
OMG is a vaporware when it comes to the /biz/ nutshell.They got mulitple million and billion partnerships which justify the market cap.
>Inbefore muh apple / spaceX / google partnerships
The offical ponzi schemes are the most lucrative ones.
You cannot compare anything to Bitconneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeect
LOLthe jsut told you dumb pajets they are "ahead of scheadule".What is working product here in q2017???
?God damn stay poor fagots.
calling me a pajeet>can't type normallylow quality FUD m8
"As announced in the last project update, we are ahead of the roadmap and will deploy the website to create, display, and interact with Request in Q4 2017 instead of Q1 2018 as initially planned.
"Fucking pajeets man
Req is shit.
Their previous startup was a failure.
Be warned.
https://moneytis.com/ ???
seems pretty successful to me
HAHAHAHAHAHHA.We truly are in bubble if you imbeciles think "deploy the website to create, display, and interact with Request" is working product.Gl departing whit your money.Its fucking not it failed to win any market share acually, but your research just proved they have WORKING SITE so i must be wrong.How are you all this dumb?
Its never going to moon.Why has Mercury gone up 700% this week??
More of an working project than 90% of cryptoprojects.
Its fucking french (!!!)
rc20 token backed by big dogs (who back 1000 shit shots till they hit moonshot btw., oh noes), devs failed at real fintech project so now they doing "easy money crypto try".here:All this and no funny skateboard memes to ease pain while you lose money :(
yc invested around 200k I reckon.
moneyitis a failure.
rekt
Do you have evidence to prove that it failed to win any market share?
You realise it's basically a comparethemarket for transferring funds abroad right?
Can you provide any arguments?
It's kinda hard to get in a discussion when you just spread random shit.>oh french, i don't like french people>devs failed at real fintech, oh no they have a successful business running, which doesn't need any babysitting and still gives annual revenue and i am here posting about a "RC20" Token which is overvalued and i am not interested at all.Fucking pajeets.
Big risk, big reward.
The only one staying poor is someone playing it as safe as you are by staying out of this because they haven't released their product yet.
It's like, no shit dude.
This is why any of us have a chance to get in on the ground floor.And as for PayPal?
The idea for any startup like REQ is that they'd eventually cash in and get bought out by PayPal or someone else just as big if they have the technology they want.
How fucking new are you?
Where can I get some REQ?
I want in!
Man there's nothing comfy about still being below ICO.
Made the mistake by not selling before, fuck me
EtherDelta.com, Binance.com or Liqui.ioBinance has highest volume, hence leading the price
Thanks anon.
Etherdelta, binance kucoin, rumours say bittrex soon

Bittrex worker here.
I have insider information that Request (REQ) will start trading on the 17th of November.Bitfinex worker here.
I have insider information that Request (REQ) will start trading on the 19th of November.
GDAX worker here, I have insider information that Request (REQ) will start trading on the 1st of December.
talking shit while using the incorrect application of then and than
Lol....ok lets compare crypto gains now fucker deal?Yes i played safe with eth and ans while retards fuded it, bu i did my due diligence and was comfy as you will never be whit REQ you poor fuck.Its not big risk/reward its pure gamble you took and data provided so far shows you should not "be comfy" and you gonna stay poor.Dreams about paypal buying req whit so many new exiting thing in market.Well enjoy your bags, Im done trying to save you money.
I'm actually pretty confy with my REQ and anyone who understands the project would be.
This.
Guy is a baller.
Speaks the truth.
Req has 0 costumers.
Yet people compare it to PayPal.
Lol.
PayPal actually did express interest
THIS.THIS IS STATE OF REQ BAGHOLDERS.HAHAHAHAHA.Do you fucking see now?
You are still here?
Providing Zero arguments all day long.
At least you are able to use polemic and cynicism.
Give him a pass, anon.
He hardly speaks English.
4359737This pajeet-tier shilling actually makes me even harder for REQ, keep it up Ranjit and Hardik, gotta work hard if you want your own shitting street eventually
Req has 0 costumers.
Yet people compare it to PayPal.
Lol.Do you not understand how startups work?
You invest in them before they have customers.
They build the product and gain market traction.
Early investors make a shit-ton of money because they had the intelligence to see the potential before there were customers.When people compare it to PayPal they are not saying it is currently the same size and has the same number of customers.
Can't believe this needs explaining.
REQ is 20% below ATH, the fuck u saying bagholders?
Go cry when REQ hits 1USD by EOY.
Again, the only one who is a complete and utter poorfag is someone like you who can't afford to throw a few ETH at a worthwhile project like REQ.
Payment processing is a multi-billion dollar industry.
this desu.
I'll sit on my 100K req until somewhere next march.
I don't really care about short term 5% gains.
I'm in for the big easy gain.
Buy, hold, sell.no price checking no presure no nothin.
Dude is right and I'm droping my bags moment it hits ico level.your all ..muh defensive..muh grammar...muh paypal...muh no arguments.We got REQT dont marry this shitcoin.Gl Anons.
silly pajeets :) going for the 10% gain when you can just sit confy hold a few months and go for the 1000% gains :)
Only real token worth investing.
Get in this week while it’s still below ICO.
We got REQT dont marry this shitcoin.Calling REQ a shitcoin is just shortsighted.
Nobody should be all in on anything but to call a payment processing crypto that hasn't deviated from its roadmap a shitcoin is ignorant, sorry.
The days of coins going parabolic shortly after hitting exchanges are over.
REQ is a long term hold in the current environment.
lol.they literally have nothing.
what could they have "missed".
idiot.> nothing with ING> muh, ycreq will end badly.
I am getting very comfy right now when i see the amount of FUD, like random posts4360598
I literally cannot wait a few months for this potentially groundbreaking technology to take off.This is you right now.
This....I'm completely done with the hodl bullshit, daytrading is much more satisfying.
MAYBE req can do a x5 short term, but in the current climate i highly doubt it.
I learned my lesson, never expect anything from these stupidly high hardcap icos.
t.brainlet
daytrading is much more satisfyingin before you are the first one with the pink wojack here
t. bagholdernot really...focus on coins with a decent future, but not much hype atm, look at their charts and literally set buy orders for their floors and sell orders for their ceilings, easy peasy.
PayPal actually did express interest>potentially groundbreaking technologyTHERE IS NO GROUNDBRAKING TECHNOLOGYTHERE IS NO PAYPAL INTESTYou can be this dumb right?Read whitepaper and answer me what fucking technology....Show me any source of paypal intentions.YOU CANT.DELUDED.STAY POOR.
"I want to buy a pair of headlights from someone on a Facebook page.
They send me a Request for the money, I oblige and that money is held in escrow (he is notified of this) I'm given the tracking details for my headlights and upon successful delivery, the funds are released to the seller, all with minimal hassle and minimal fees.
Now this is advanced functionality (escrow) but it will be possible."
Compare that to using Paypal for that right now and you'd understand why this will be groundbreaking.
Smooth story.
Interestingly enough, this portion of Request will likely be using Chainlink for the Oracle to tell the smart contract that the delivery has been receivied, basically the same thing Confido is setting out to do.
Potentially Req could even incorporate Confido depending on how they progress.
nice, just bought 100k
Acually it will it may tank 2x below ico few more times.>it will go to a negative price
he sends you a box full of rocks instead of headlights and you lose your moneyif someone wants to scam you they'll scam you one way or another, all those fancy as fuck smart contracts aren't going to stop that.
4358595There's 660 million req, you think biztards have a lot of req because almost everyone that holds some post here how much they have, in reality biztards hold a negligible amount of req
that's just the second hand market.I don't think so.
Ahhh the new REQ't holders.
loving it already.
Cant wait to see everything pink.
bruh this isn't chainlink tier.
it's something that normies can understand and use.
Thats blockchain and smart contracts not groundbreaking Request technology..man... cmon...
That's why this shit could be mass adopted.
Doesn't understand how the ethereum blockchain works.
KYS right now pajeet, that's my last call.
implying the project behind a coin mattersyou literally only need marketing, hype, some big partnership and a well known, high volume exchange.
maybe add some buzzwords to the mix, done, rocketship.this is why chainlink is doing so badly, they're literally trying to make a perfect product before they do any of the things that actually make a coin moon.
REQ OR LINK TO MOON FIRST ?
REQLINK will stay the same until January at least
 posts fudding ITThow many rupees for this, sandeep?
Same lack of arguments as digybite marines.. "go away fuding pajeti" they sad, "stay poor they said".enjoy getting REQT.
I'm not saying Request created this technology but you need people to use implement this technology and actually give it some use.
Have you even read the thread or just put out a random accusation?
>MOMMY I DID AGAINThis FUD pajeet like stated here  posted 9 times.
And gave zero constructive discussion points.
But yeah WE are the PARADIGM of REQmarines.
comfy afon my way to making back the .8btc I lost in the alphabay seizure like an idiot real soon

Balls deep with over 7 million REQ's, all are idiots that don't see major fucking disruption coming.
1.
Accept any currency and convert to fiat.2.
Burning tokens3.
Possible staking4.
Decentralized digital delivery payments/requests/receipts5.
Interoperable payments and multiple extension layers6.
Will run as a platform with API's, programmers are gonna integrate.
I like your points, but the no need to larp about your imaginary 7mio REQ's
But when?
Damn, mad jelly.
I got 100k still pretty comfy tho but 1 mil would be nice
Early product launch will likely include some API's.
Payment requests for businesses that want to take advantage of hourly payments, payments by the minute etc will bring about an entire new business paradigm.
It's not going to happen this month, next month or even the 1st quarter but as more people realize or get sick of day trading they are going to want a stable ALT that is gonna kick ass and disrupt.
It's literally unlike any other crypto payment option out there.
The fact that it's a platform should be your number one acknowledgement.
It's not a traditional Dapp like Confido.
Platforms rock, especially decentralized payment platforms.
Read up or watch Cedric Dahl to get a better idea on how and why you should invest in a platform for network effects and metcalf law.
So guys, how will this really work?Sell me this idea, I got a few cents to invest.
> b. b. but its the next paypaykek
Fuck off with this gay dead coin.
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY passive.
YC completely fucks around with their startups.
They will not push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will drop their bags like addicts.
They did nothing to help Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc to go mainstream and they will definitely not make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
>b.b.b.but its got yincubator, they are superjews
continuous payments is going to make this baby moon.
Which business doesn't want a healthy cash flow?this is like buying coca cola shares when it was still being brewed with actual cocain it it.
4363936Don't FOMO buy this when it's mooning.
Just keep watching it from the sidelines.
FUCKSO CLOSE
People are getting paib.b.b.but its got yincubator, they are superjewsProbably invested 200k in reqkt.
Raised 40 mill.
Insta million dollar profit.
4364308Fuck you motherfucker.
REQ actually is a great coin with real use, which banks will fucking use just like Paypal and it will go 10x soon so get on or stay poor faggot.
What the fuck is wrong with you ignoring all the news coming soon from their blog.
Do you hate money?
This shit is a payment system HELLO it's the new ETH, which will grow even bigger when ETH gets rid of POW for POS so even more normies start adopting it.
>b-b-but I bought in the ICO and I've lost moneySO HOLD YOU WEAK HANDED FAGGOT IT'S FREE GODDAMNN MONEY.>lel it's a memeIt's a good, real product you dipshits, unlike fucking LINK.
I've personally talked to the dev team (Telegram is /requestnetwork) and even some whale discord groups I used to play around with and this is a solid coin.
Shit also has no premine (fuck legacy coins).
Discord says it's about to pump but that's irrelevant since they've got such a solid dev team.
So why the FUCK aren't you buying this coin?
What, it's not on coin exchange so pajeets won't shill it for you?
GET THE FUCK ON THIS MOON MISSION!!!
!Here's a fucking copypaste of the coin's tech in case you're still not convinced:Request is a decentralized network that allows anyone to request a payment (a Request Invoice)for which therecipient can pay in a secure way.
All of the information is stored in a decentralized authentic ledger.- Universal because it is designed to support 100% of global transactions, regardless of currency, legislationor language.
Request is built to last.- Smart because unlike an existing standard accounting book, Request is at the origin of the exchanges andintegrates a computerized trade code.Request is more global than any currency.You can thank me later when I've got my fucking lambo.
Any other shill who knows all this or agrees with me, back me up.
Screenshot this.
(Also I found about 100 Bitcoins on a harddrive last month and want to keep this bumped so post your addresses below and I'll send you some)
SO MUCH SALT, and he doesn't even hodl any.LMAO
hello sirs name is jonathan anderson from washington city center of united states am expert in cryptocurensy dnt buy this req thing sirs is vry bad coin u buy u are cursed by shiva fr this lifetime nd next 7 reincarnations is vry bad this thing u will buy Pajeetcoin (PAJ) instead sirs is vry better please nd thank u hv a gr8 day sirs
Never laughed so hard.Thank you kind Anon.
REQ is a second rate OMG.
LMAO, stay mad at my gains bruv.
Fuck you motherfucker.
REQ actually is a great coin with real use, which banks will fucking use just like Paypal and it will go 10x soon so get on or stay poor faggot.
What the fuck is wrong with you ignoring all the news coming soon from their blog.
Do you hate money?
This shit is a payment system HELLO it's the new ETH, which will grow even bigger when ETH gets rid of POW for POS so even more normies start adopting it.
>b-b-but I bought in the ICO and I've lost moneySO HOLD YOU WEAK HANDED FAGGOT IT'S FREE GODDAMNN MONEY.>lel it's a memeIt's a good, real product you dipshits, unlike fucking LINK.
I've personally talked to the dev team (Telegram is /requestnetwork) and even some whale discord groups I used to play around with and this is a solid coin.
Shit also has no premine (fuck legacy coins).
Discord says it's about to pump but that's irrelevant since they've got such a solid dev team.
So why the FUCK aren't you buying this coin?
What, it's not on coin exchange so pajeets won't shill it for you?
GET THE FUCK ON THIS MOON MISSION!!!
!Here's a fucking copypaste of the coin's tech in case you're still not convinced:Request is a decentralized network that allows anyone to request a payment (a Request Invoice)for which therecipient can pay in a secure way.
All of the information is stored in a decentralized authentic ledger.- Universal because it is designed to support 100% of global transactions, regardless of currency, legislationor language.
Request is built to last.- Smart because unlike an existing standard accounting book, Request is at the origin of the exchanges andintegrates a computerized trade code.Request is more global than any currency.You can thank me later when I've got my fucking lambo.
Any other shill who knows all this or agrees with me, back me up.
Screenshot this.
(Also I found about 100 Bitcoins on a harddrive last month and want to keep this bumped so post your addresses below and I'll send you some)
I'll bump it with some random adress I saw in another thread, maybe he'll get happy!1JEL5UJfY9DwPjyeVCxESFv9qpEbVKdmPr
>regret: the post
I just sent 8 million REQ to my BTC address, how to get back!!??
I am on the ledge people!!!
wtf is happening!!!
Do you think the price will go down again to maybe 0.04$ or not?I want to buy cheap

Yeah sure.
This is a confirmed shitcoin ;)
ty anon, reducing the circulating supply so your fellow REQ bros can flourish.
Feed me from your discovered 100 BTC anon, and spread the REQ news12tiJRoQX5vVc6aWAsYKRFNrwt36q5bJUc
Thank you then im waiting some time until it drops
bro i would love u sm178yxKyjnWFNad58UUmQSeCbGPKHV3j4kaeven just .1 btc would be amazing for me to buy some more REQ
https://youtu.be/cjZ3ExLBmqI
nobody invests 40 million in a (tech) startup with zero costumers.
yc invested around 200k i reckon.
Would love some bitcoins bro.. thank you 1KKhCpzyaoYjHYg2dnTqWBuk8EDtRkvE4i
how many legend tokens does she cost?
https://steemit.com/cryptocurrency/@cryptobrodog/request-network-an-ambitious-coin-flying-under-the-radarheres my article about why request is good a buy.
When do we moon?
never
March-April 2018.
its gonna moon before the end of the year when the platform is launched.
Is it launched if it's on the test network?
its going to be on mainnet, read the latest update.
theyre ahead of schedule
Oh nice, I like that.
R3eeeeeeqqqt-8%Shit coin
REQT.com
failureThey had 20% growth month over month.
They are pivoting to something the market needs more than moneytis.
You are paid by req.
You post the same shit over and over again.
I wish I was...
KWVbL8vqawJA4NKo8YfgFWRcwEXdzA7k
What a thread.. go REQ
REQ haters are truly the saltiest in the land.