Hi all.
A few more questions about day-trading.I want to throw half my stack into LTC, and half into ETH.Catch the bottoms of the day, and sell at the top.
I have a lot of free time, so I think this is doable.What are the best exchanges to do this with?
I will trade back to BTC.Binance charges a .001 fee for LTC, which is okay, but .005 (?!)
for ETH.
So any ETH trade I'd do would be charge $1.50?!
Sounds a bit high.Looking to do this the right way before I dive in.Looking for the following daily gains : $5-$7 / day x 20 ETH ($120 / day)$2 / day x 50 LTC ($100 / day)I know some days I'll make less, some more, but assuming this also compounds, and is a relatively safe bet (worst case, I just wait until I'm green again, one day max?)
is it realistic?Sound doable?Cheers.
Binance charges a .001 fee for LTC, which is okay, but .005 (?!)
for ETH.
So any ETH trade I'd do would be charge $1.50?!
Sounds a bit high.I don't know where you got this, but binance charges 0.1% fees.
You fee on any trade is 0.001*YourCapital.
>look for coins with high volatility (not LTC, eth sounds better)>be super aware of news and future announcements>be smart when to dump (know when to take profit, know when to take a loss)
i'm looking for medium volatility.
something that has a small range throughout a day.
I see ETH is good for that, but wouldn't splitting my stack between 2 be a better idea?
need to step away from the massive volatility.
ETH seems like a very safe bet as it's hovering between 300-320 every day.
if that changes, i suppose i can move into something else.just want to try and be slow / smart for one full year.
cheers.
Discord - jonathanflower#5056
I teach people how to day trade in these markets; always always taking students
how much do you charge?
add me and we'll discuss it later
according to what you are saying eth might be your stuff
do they have a transaction limit?
can't find any of this information anywhere.
sorry.
O_O
This faggot made multiple shill threads on /biz/ so far.
Dont give him your money so he can take it and buy more btc with it.
Seriously, almost as bad as bcc with taking advantage of weak willed people and their greed.
always always taking studentsIm sure you are shill.
k sats on bittrex must be similar on other exchanges
4342697lol it would probably do you some good if we had a conversation
I will never forgive them for pushing Ruru into those surgeries...