Anyone else scared to buy now?I've been getting JUSTed these past 2 months.I'm scared to buy other alts because of getting JUSTed.
Missed out on POWR moon and NEO moon.
Now I just want to kill myself because of the gains I missed.
Seeing these scam projects like Obsidian and Confido definitely make me want to get out of altcoins.
Whats sad is that altcoins are the only way to 10x in a year at this point though.
I went all in on link and im down 30g.
Idk what the fuck to do
there will be other projectsbuy more now that its down of course
NEO is about to either soar to $60, or correct down to $28-$30
Or in a day
I was at about 90K when OMG peaked.
Now I'm at 35K (cashed out about 12K).It's seriously depressing and I'm considering walking away from alts for a while.Honestly, BTC is going to keep going on a run as long as Bitfinex/Tether fuck with it.What is REALLY going to cause another alt moon?
A lot of these alts that mooned, now we have to wait for them to actually deliver in Q1 or so.I don't know anymore man.
I'm too scared.
I can't keep losing more of my stack.
nice dubs.learn trading psychology and dont trade out of fear.
long watch but worth it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg4YzRhILFE
you dont know how to trade.
just buy shit like btc (80%) and etc+ltc (20%)
etci meant ETH
buy nem its the safest coin
I just trade 80& of my entire networth on the top 5-6 coins for 1,5 or maybe 2% gains each day.
Compounding gains will add up if you stick to it.
Stoploss at buy price to protect my money.Its not that fucking hard.
Use basic TA and don't be greedy.
Buy dips and get out fast.x10 moon missions are pure gambling at this point.
Be smart.
ODN>Scam coinChoose one.
,5 or maybe 2% gains each dayKek how possible is that?
Use basic TA and don't be greedy.
Buy dips and get out fast.
ObsidianI hope I don’t blow your mind, naive anon, but the Pravik thing is a /biz/ meme.
Nothing major went wrong with ODN.
It just has a really low market cap.
What kind of shit should I be looking up to learn basic TA?
ODN>scamkek, stay poor
dont miss out on blockmason knowing you anon, might as well add it to the list you'll post next week
Aren't the wicks on candles gonna trigger your stop loss nearly all the time so you never get the chance to win?
60% women% niggersDidn't you all learn your lesson from things like stratis and bancor?
Those are not the developers nor the main core figures, dumbass.
The core members and devs are mainly white males.
youtube, google, idk.. the internet?if you cant learn basic TA indicators and then apply it, find something else to do
babypips has a free course on forex trading (including TA) that even a brainlet could understand