Bitcoin cash is a shit coin that will be die very soon.
It was just desperately pumped to try to overtake bitcoin: not gonna happen.
Bitcoin core will be rise once again.
Who agrees?
Vertcoin cash
BTC will rise just as soon as it forks to 2MB.Oh wait, not happening.
No timeline for scaling.
Exchanges are shutting down because fees are too high.
You don't have long OP.BTC will soon be harvested.BCH trading pairs are coming.
When that happens, I highly suggest you take that as the sign that it is.Happy trading.
wanting people to agree with your denial about the flippening because deep down you don't even believe that BTC will survive yourselfY-yes, BTC will totally survive this.
It can't fail because it's never failed!
It's too big!
They will try again, but it won't be happening in Korea.
Bithumb is being investigated by regulators
4331869I am not holding either BTC or BCH i took advantage of BCH pump and gt 80% of it, but that's just about it, it was only there to make money for some people.
Now I am holding usdt, I am not biased towards any coin.
But I believe that BTC is the only bitcoin and cannot be overtaken "overnight" with 1 big pump
If bch is a shitcoin, then when does that make btc, when bch is technically superior to btc in every way?
It is not, it's an old version of bitcoin with one variable changed.
Not a single update since the fork, by the way.
It's an obvious scam with a single developer whose only contributions to code are arguments on GitHub forums.
Shutup faggot you're ruining the argument.
Let me yell about chinks to distract you from BTC being controlled by Blockstream to make a profit on off-chain transactions.
You know USDT isn't backed by any real money and is run on a layer on the soon to be superstalled BTC blockchain, right?If people started mass selling USDT, the exchanges wouldn't buy them back for 1 dollar a piece to prop them up.
They would plummet below 1 dollar and there would be a huge scandal.
distract you from BTC being controlled by Blockstream to make a profit on off-chain transactions.Then I'll yell about how one man will be pretty much controlling BCH

i am holding usdtWhoo boy.
will rise once againIt never has not risen only dipshits who feel for the shitcoin marketing of cash and gold, slamming the word bitcoin on bitcoin cash is a marketing poly for dipshits like you
This is untrue.
I have inside information that Finex is going to come out with figures soon to prove that tether is legit.
everyone who knows anything about crypto will not get into bitcoin cash now.
its not gonna moon unless the roger ver guy pumps it with his 150 mil, which is a big if considering how shit BCH is.Bitcoin core will comeback back stronger than ever and moon to 10k by the end of this year.
Y'all BCH holding lovers will find yourself buying high and selling low in the end :)
This is like hillary boasting about her political experience.
All her experience was bad, all she did was fucking up the country.
all the updates blockstream have applied to bitcoin core are utter shit, their shit updates was the single reason why bitcoin cash even exists.
Bitcoin core is truly the hillary clinton of crypto.
is that why its an open source project with 5 different development teams compared to blockstreams kikecoin thats ruled by an iron fist that doesnt accept outside code contributions
And yet we're getting a difficulty change through a fork right after an adjustment to try and keep miners in the coin.
Sure sounds decentralizedDon't think I support core either, both are shit at what they were designed to do on a conceptual level
kek you dont even know what the word decentralized means, changing mining difficulty has nothing to with centralization/decentralization
if anything it could be argued that lowering mining difficulty is decentralization, because that makes mining more viable for smaller actors
Agreed.
8mb blocks is just kicking the can down the road.
EDA is a shitshow too, it's the only reason BCH continues to survive.
Off chain scaling sucks too, but it's the best option at the moment.
Have a listen to vitaliks thoughts on scaling.
It's a problem for everyone.
If anyone can work it out it's btc or eth.Btc will rise from here, and there will plenty of wojaks left holding Korean BCH bags.