Reminder that if you are holding at least 10,000 LINK you have absolutely made it.
Relax & get comfy.
oh I'm comfy.
what about 140?
.5 holder.
C O M F Y
Only got 4k... will i make it?
i only need 10K $
i hope the LINK fleet doesn't leave without me, still need to accumulate
Is 10k enough?
I'm holding just over that amount and feel it's kinda low but I'm busy buying other stuff too.
Omg, req, ark, neo...
Kek you'll have your 10k eventually.
Sooner than you think
k here.
Just managed to buy extra 10k couple minutes ago, made it just before the massive pump that's about to happen.I am so comfy I can't even.
k here.
Been holding like a retard since ICO.
You gotta prise these tokens from my cold dead hands if you want them
Don' spread yourself too thin.
But NEO is a solid coin.
I bought 55k at 40c
400k+ /comfy/ miniwhale here that accumulated more during dip.
I have 1 million and 20k of it.
I wanted to pump in 5 more btc so I would have 200k more.
Let's hope binance whales dump some cheap chain links for me, for the good times
22k serglet reporting in
>LINK gets into the top 10 marketcap>Worth $20 a LINK>Your 10,000 LINK now worth $200,000Lambo time, gentleman.
I done ecrewed up and had a sell order at .00002550 I'm back in tho I lost like 20%, sad but ready for the ride.
one can only dream
I CANT MOVE FUNDS FAST ENOUGH!I NEED TO ACCUMULATE MORE!
100k checking in...gotta admit, at one point I was ready to sell because of all the FUD threads on here...so, so glad I held!
I have $72 in the crypto game.
I lost $30 on link when I bought at $.46 and I have about $50 on btc.
Should I use my $50 to buy link?
I feel you iwant to be a link marine but idont even know how to buy btc let alone link
aths when?
3.5k here.
I DONT EVEN WANT TO MAKE IT I JUST NEED ENOUGH FOR A SHITTY HOUSE!!!
pathetic shilling, kys gigabagholder
56 K here.
WIll I actually make it?
Stay poor nolinker
private here, too neet to get more link.
:(
tfw poorfag with only 63
>Only 1k link I'm never gonna make it
I only have 200, we're still gonna make it anon.
I only have 1k am I still gucci?
Someone explain why it's dumping
niggas taking in profit
lmao boys well all i can say is DCA is KING.
normies BTFO on bitchcoin good luck with that
Thanks just bought 10k
Please do not buy a lambo if your net worth is less than 2MM.
Don't end up like that guy who paid 218 BTC for a lambo in 2013.>most expensive lambo in the world.
8k here and that is enough.
I can see the future.
just bought 100k
Thats me fuck off, do you have a lambo?
Stay mad you paid 1.5 million for a shitty base model YELLOW gallardo Roflmao!
no, it's dumping.
also, it sounds like you need a job first!
Nope, I have around 330 BTC but my car only cost me 4k.
I will keep accumulating BTC (and other promising cryptos) until my dying day.
Larp
Selling because of FUD threadsYou know FUD is the biggest buy signal?
why you think its a larp If I had 1000BTC I still would probably drive a car under 15k
DON'T LIE TO MEif dubs I'll buy 1K link
I have 2600 link, I just need enough to pay off all my debts ($22,000) and I'm happy.
Fresh slate
this.
even though i own more than $100k, i still repair my own car, which is 18 years old now.
once a jew, always a jew.
I have 100k literally.
Will I make it?
Because if you were money savvy ud know a 4k car costs more to maintain than the perfect 8-12k econobox car range.
not always true.i speak from experience
Wow, just throw up your license plates onto 4chan.
What could go wrong?
Please delete this for your own good.
lol have my liscence plate numbers theres absolutely nothing you can do with this.
i challenge anybody post my address
Are you one of those boomers who uses their thumb to cover plates in Craigslist listings?
How much did each one of those cost you to buy and where did you buy them?
How much in maintenance fees?
What model are they?
looks like a nice neighbourhood anon congrats you made it
those are some nice looking classics.
10k here how much money is making it u think?
Those are not econobxes
drives a 30 year old car, lives in a barn>i made it mama!
those are mercedes w140 s class models.bought one at auction for $200 other one was $3500if you cant do your own maintenance dont bother because the price of having a shop do work is ridiculous.but these cars are over engineered and are extremely reliable.
one had a p/s leak that just needed the line tightened but shop said need a new p.s pump probably a $2000 dollar job.
I didnt even have to dip into crypto to have this hobby on the side.
Lol the "most expensive" meme is fucking retarded.
Any dollar you put in anything other than BTC in 2009 is also the "most expensive X" of all time.Low IQ faggots I swear...
when you don't even recognize an S-classwow
I want one of the w140 s500 or w220 s55.
That's all I want for a car.
Don't need a lambo
4252757I live in Europe, I bought a Ford Fiest 2004 for 4k GBP, literally only had to take it to the shop once in the past 3 years.
330 BTC isn't that much money if you've been trading for a few years, consider that ETH was like 30 dollars a year ago, it's been a booming market.
It's one thing to spend money normally, not everyone is gonna risk everything on crypto nobody knows the future.
But if you cannot see why if you've successfully hodl'd to the point where you have 218 BTC to throw on a fucking Lambo, unless you have 10k BTC, thats an extremely dumb choice.
If he withdrew it for an ETF or something I'd get it, but an absolute retard tier car.
If you don't think that you shouldn't be on /biz/, that's below reddit-tier intelligence.
Lol by your logic:> Year 2009 -> Take $20 -> Buy BTC -> Give BTC to pizza delivery guy = Most expensive pizza of all time> Year 2009 -> Take $20 -> Give $20 to pizza delivery guy = Normal cost pizzaNo.
I repeat, the "most expensive" meme is one of the dumbest of all time.
But thats right, it is the most expensive pizza.
There is, on some level, a difference between those two scenarios.
We both know you'd an hero if you were the anon who bought that pizza.
There is only a difference in the mind of a total retard.
In reality, there is zero difference.
The difference, you retard, is that the $20 from back then are still worth $20, whereas the BTC not
lives in a barnheaty kek
when will link come to bittrex?
1k LINK reporting Lol.
Lol holy shit you're stupid, you're never going to make it.
424999517 holder ,
8400.. https://youtu.be/c3sOuEv0E2I
short, middle, or long term?
Chances of LINK hitting $300 per LINK in 5 years?
Hold the line men, you will not be forgiven for unloading at 50c
 years
Talk dirty to me some more daddy.What do you think the trigger will be?
LINK to $1000 when?
You'll make it long term.
Though I'm sure you knew that.
Sergey distributes rent free link to all swift partners
Link and req are long term holds
depends in my opinion.
I mean the greatest asset that Link has right now is their connection with Swift which has 11,000 banks that use their platform worldwide.
This is the big thing I believe that Link has going for it right now other than their great platform and how they intend to link the old legacy systems to their unique protocol.
I wanna see some major news that Swift has started an alpha or beta test on the Swift network using Link and this is where all of your price predictions will fall to the wayside.
A major news update with Swift and Link would catapult this coin into the hemisphere.
I don't think we have a full grasp of how big of an investment we have in our possession.
I would think that conservatively on great Swift news we could see Link up as high as $70.
So my advice to you would be save your lunch money, sell all your trash that you have sitting in your shed for years collecting dust, stop buying expensive dog food etc....... and place those funds in Link and load up the wagon because millionaires will be made with Link alone.
Nice, just bought 100k
Haha you got troll gangbanged.
Why won't it stop dumping.
I'm about to lose 50%
GBPI can’t see this without reading it as “good boy points”
same.
r9k changed the pound forever for me.
the effects will be permanent.
I have a bit more than thatI just want to be out of student debt and maybe buy a house with cash, is that so much?
Then you shouldn't have bought LINK.100% BAKA
It's dumping due to industry announcing new standards coming centered around IoT, oracles & apis (you know, like when the industry decides 'we'll all use HDMI').
Once the new standard are adopted a vast array of data can be shared instantly and without a crypto token.
I hope you can get out of Link in the next 30mins.
156K LINK.
Bought at ICO.
Cruise control ladies and gentlemen.
CRUISE CONTROL...