Are most of the BCH supporters just people sad they missed out on cheap BTC, so they're pushing this so they can 'make it?'
It's not like Satoshi's vision is actually a valid argument when there are a bunch of alts that are better and less centralizedIt's not as if BCH flipping with BTC will end well for anyone in the market anyways (unless they're real quick with their sells to get out into fiat or still trust USDT)
100% yes
Lol, I'm making money off the war, so I could care less who's coin buys my lambo
I could care lessThis triggers my autism
i was doing well up until that retarded BTC bullrun, which completely murdered some of my alts, so yes, i'm salty as fuck.
i'm joining the BCH team out of spite.
Are most of the BCH supporters just people sad they missed out on cheap BTC, so they're pushing this so they can 'make it?
'this gets proposed as an argument too often considering how many people also claim Jihan Wu and Roger Ver are the supervillains behind BCH's rise, neither of which missed out on cheap BTC and have more than "made it".
You can't argue both, sorry corecucks.
Not really, mostly educated hodlers, and some traders who do their research.
In a week it's all going to be fomoers.Weak anti-BCH shilling to say what you're saying - everyone here is aware that you can 'make it' with any number of alts on any given day, and that you can buy alts cheap now and 'make it' regardless of whether BTC or BCH wins.
Same reason why BTG is pumping too, I reckon.Literally anything with "bitcoin" in the name is enough to bait idiots and their money.
Sadly though, once BTC fails, it will bring the entire market down with it and destroy any trust in blockchain technology for years to come.
BCH is just better than BTC right now.
It's that simple OP.
We can speculate all we want about potential future scaling solutions but in this moment, BCH has lower fees and quicker confirmations.People are naturally conspiratorial and like to over-complicate things, and that's what you're doing OP.
BCH will win because it's objectively a more usable network right now and will continue to be for the foreseeable future.
That's really all there is to it.
A lot of us didn't miss out at all.
I bought my first btc for less than a dollar, and I stuck with it right up until the segwit2x final betrayal finally irreparably destroyed my trust in the core chain.Now I'm just executing the obvious action you take when someone has displayed continuous bad faith and idiotic planning for years on end.
We're not the ones who started this, they bought it on themselves.
We're just finishing it.
and destroy any trust in blockchain technology for years to come.I pray if it just happens it just taints the Bitcoin name and a better alt can rise to the throne
I would wish for the same.
I swear all this forking shit is gonna kill Bitcoin.
Now we have:-Bitcoin-Bitcoin Cash-Bitcoin Gold-Bitcoin Diamond (soon)
BCH is a cult of personality, and a paid shills circlejerk
Realistically we just have bitcoin (cash) and am the rest are valueless forks.
Because that's what proof of work is for after all.
bch started the shitty forks that make everyone want free money, blame bch
Nah, it's you guys who are obsessed with personality, because it means you can avoid the simple objective truths I raised in my last post.
I didn't miss out on bitcoin.
The vast majority who bought BCH are people who got rich via bitcoin.Regardless, it doesn't matter.
Any rational person who sees the units on the chess board will do 1 of 2 things:1: Sell BTC for something that isn't involved in this war like ETH or Monero2: Buy BCH because it is the likely winner.I personally think both dinosaurcoin and BCH are garbage, but BCH is at least usable and I know the demons I'm dealing with.
Blockstream is ultra shady and manipulative, censoring all subreddits they can get control over.Not that I'm choosing one over the other due to ideology.
I'm choosing one over the other because I see where things are going and I'd rather multiply my stack than lose my stack.
Gold, diamond, silver etc are forks made for the sole purpose of defending bcore from bch.
To muddy the water and to encourage people to hold bcore for the next shitty fork.
I’m currently backing the BCH horse, but I might sell it for BTC at the peak
If there is a peak it'll probably be a couple hours following the difficulty adjustment
Go to bed, Roger.No, you idiots aren't going to get a "Bitcoin 2.0" ever.Get in on BTC or keep crying.
BTC and BCH are both fucking garbage and first-mover advantage doesn't last forever if you stagnate for too long
Not while core has any power.