how much of it do you have, biz?
kI need more before it goes up plz delete this
I just made it to 100k.I feel /baller/
350,000.
Is that too much?
too much>linklol
k
523.
Poorfag from the south americas, but hopefully that will make me able to move out to a less shitty country.
40k :(I won't make it
20k usd70k usdk usdNo wonder the shilling never stops
50k..... bought a week before SIBOS.
Pretty heavy but i'll hold til 2019.

how did you buy it from fucking sa?
sa fag here too
I hope that's just LARP.Also if LINK does moon, I'm going to be posting pink Wojacks.
All of /biz/ are loaded with riches except me.
I had 1k but I lost 100 of it day trading
51.600 Link bought between 1800 and 2000 sats reporting in!
Hoping it can stay low for the next week or so looking to get at least 50k more
From Binance.
Just send some BTC or ETH there and get all you can.
heh don't worry I'm sure you'll be fine
Have 5.1k.
How do I get to 10k without more fiat
We've got about a year until it goes anywhere so don't worry.
This is long term
11.6K
5k, sold half my stack at the last .22, and just missed the last low because I was sleeping and forgot buy orders.
Will buy more when it gets around 0.16
that's what they said about ANS a couple months ago :^)
1k.
I'm ready to hodl for 5 years when this finally breaks $1000 each.
If it hits $10 next year it'll hit $1000 in five.
greetings, Lieutenant Colonel
1.1k but i also have 1.2k HST that I'm hoping will hit .0025, which I will then sell and put into LINK
I don't know brah, maybe I can't stand listeningto your jargon anymore.
The fact that you talk alot of shit that you can not back makes mebelieve that you do a lot of shilling and not a lotof coding.
How Can you give advice to peoplewithout truly understanding what you aresaying?
The answer is you can't ..... You can nottell someone something without knowing if itworks or not.
You have no experience with the Oracle problemYou hardly know anything.
Everything you doknow you read in a shitty biz thread (like this one) or stole from someoneelse.
You have no factual evidence that itworks.
You just take quotes you heard from that fat fuck that hung out in the bathroom during the ENTIRE Sibos Conference and post them as your own....As anaspiring Dev, who has actually spenttime working at an ICO, watching and criticizingand experimenting.
Stop posting.
You don'tknow what you're talking about.
Link is fucking trash...I know it, everyone else here knows it...and you know ittoo.
what the fuck
17K.just moved it all to MEW and deleted my blockfolio.
I'm becoming more powerful then you can possibly imagine.
5k.
Also, parents wanted to put $2k into bitcoin, told them to put it in link insteaddid I do good?
wait 1 or 2 years and you'll know the answer to that