WHEN IS THE FUCKING DIP?
tether won't allow itwe could be looking at mt gox 2.0 or btc bull running to 5 figures
10k to 9k
some whale bought 300btc@ 8100-ishi dont know what are they thinking.
TWELVE THOUSAND DOLLAS A PIECE (then goes back to 10k)
itll be the last time they'll ever see that in years if not forever.
the next "floor" is 8000"
$8300 down to $47.50 as a flash crash lasting microseconds.
Literally three people will be able to trade it, and you're not on that list
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO DIP TO 4K
he believed the memeREKT XD BTC is LITERALLY unstoppable People will be selling their houses to buy half a bitcoin.
It will keep pumping 50k up per month.
People who sell BTC will face instant regret for selling it.
Will Ether please pump so I can have my bitcoin back?
anon btc still doesnt have a use casebut meh just tell yourself its a store of wealth or whatever
The thing about bitcoin is that it needs to have a real use in the future.
Otherwise it will eventually capitulate when people want to sell it for something they can use.
I know you can use bitcoin for shit.
But right now it's still a meme.
Most people aren't spending something that they expect to increase in value.
Bitcoin will still hit 25k before this happens.
tetherused for temporary sell Bitcoin and buy back thenaloot tether -> Bitcoin moon
dipped to 5500 at the bch weekend
Never.
I sold just 0.2 of my BTC lately to buy a shitcoin (not confido though) and I already regret it.
Never fuck with the king, because punishment is always instant.
you can buy anything with BTC.
VERY soon.https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/WenOuUU7-BTC-Log-channel-prediction/
here's your (you)GET REKT
I'd buy 300 BTC @ $8100 with fake money too.
IDGAFSome serious shit is gonna go down soon I can sense it.
Welcome to Bitcoin, newcomers!
Here's your FAQ:Q: Who should I trust?A: Nobody.Q: When should I sell?A: Never.Q: Is Bitcoin dying because ____?A: No.Q: What have I gotten myself into?A: Nobody knows.
hodl 90% bitcointrade 10% anything (just trade bitcoin)
bitcoin never crashes guys, just buy high.
PROTIP: It never crashes
Yeah im sure those people who bought at 1000 sure feel stupid now
WHEN!!!!!
!I’m trying to buy some fucking alts but btc is not fucking stopping so i continue to hold.
let's zoom out a bit...three years it took to reach that same ATH.
most people on this board get suicidal when something doesn't moon within a week, three years would be eons for them.that's why i sold half my stack already.
$10k is going to be the same as $1k back then.