>Have to give drivers license to coinbaseI was so close to getting rich, it's not fair.
I don't want my identity stolen.
Don't use coinbase.
They will fuck up your shit and audit every part of the blockchain.
And they ask for your ID to report anything suspicious to the government / police
What other crypto > fiat sites are there?
This.
I have only ever used coinbase to buy small amounts but I wanna buy a larger amount and not attract attention.
Id rather not buy them locally if I dont have too.
can they track me if i bought from them but dont cash out from them?
none.
all of them want your data.
use an ATM or meet up with people who want to buy.yes, but selling out has especially high risk, they instantly put you on a watchlist.If you only bought from them it isn't a big deal, because they can't track your wallet or future transactions.
Just opened my accounts.
Needed to do it on Kraken also... was I dumb?
I doubt it, they cooperate with legislature in every country they are a part of (32 going to 31).
Their competitors mention the same laws on their site (Bittrex and co.).
Coinbase is the largest company of its kind, so it can't really run off and hide the same way a small company can.
So how does anyone cash out?
-burger here
I’m pretty sure u just play legit and pay taxes you owe.You can’t escape the tax man period!
there's literally a fucking sell button on coinbase.
Also stop being a normie and use GDAX.
Much less fees
Are you sure?
Ask Wesley Snipes
Im curious too.
I want to buy some cryptocurrency.
I just linked coinbase toA totally seperate checkin account and linked it.Set up Kraken account and submitted all docs.Waiting game now shit all looks high
Can't you just leave the country
hmm i found an ATM near me it says i need to verify phone for 1500$ withdrawal and ID verify for 3000$.interesting.
You wish.
This question gets asked literally every tax thread.>Land of the Fee>Home of the Slave
What's there to stop people from leaving
didn't they get a deal with the government to have a monopoly on what they do?
I've never heard anything on it.
But all the same, they'd have the same priority of not dicking around with your ID and only using it for their KYC and AML law obligations.
If you're afraid of them getting hacked, the same could be said of any online retailer you've ever used.
The difference would be arbitrary unless you actually knew what sort of security they have and what that meant.
When's the last time you've needed to give someone your drivers license number?
you can leave but they wont let you back in,my uncle is stuck in Ecuador because he didn't pay the tax man.
pajeet will have your identity if you give up your info to any exchange.pajeets have been calling my phone like crazy trying to scam me more than usual since i signed up to a few exchanges