So /biz/.
Low spender here, if I were to invest, say $100 in cryptocurrency, which would be my safest bets?Alt coins and spread them out, or just invest in one or two and hope they rise?
Link?
Mobius?
Low spender here, from what I gathered this morning buy Bitcoins and not Bitcoincash.
In terms of alts - Ethereum seems safe and Monero has had some convincing shilling, too.
Dentacoin, that shit is the future.
I've been thinking the same, getting myself a bit of BTC if it will skyrocket again, and ETH just feels safe in a way so I'll be investing there too I think.Monero is pretty high at the moment, and I'm wondering if it will fall down and if it does, I'll invest some there as well.I'm just now learning all this shit, I've been petty because I was thinking about buying BTC when they were like $100 but didn't, and that shit has been haunting me ever since.But seeing how much profit some people have made today just made me realize that if I play the long game, it could be pretty easy to turn $100 into a lot more if I really follow the market and learn the ropes.Which is also why I'm thinking Link or Mobius, will be interesting to see what Mobius will be worth compared to Link, because what I've been reading Mobius has better tech behind it.
If you only have that little amount you should always gamble on shitcoins something new like REQ or LINK that is just barely above or below its ICO price.That way you’re in on the ground floor of a coin that could 10x or more, it could also just bleed more but you have to take a gamble when you’re working with so little starting cash.I started with $100 too in may and now my portfolio is worth $56k
When thinking like that, would it be better to spread the investment around a lot of shitcoins and when one of them seems to start booming, just dump the entire portfolio in that and hope for the best?
I mean, how did you do, considering you lost a bunch, and I know what not to do (no offense)
there is no single, consensus, one-size-fits-all answer>BTC'ers are fat and happy right about now (those that turned off nodes for 2x/Cash before the fork)>now every new crypto is seen as the next BTC; which is both good and bad.
good because one of those other crypto's will perform.
bad because scammers are scamming>check out the folios/baskets posted here>like stocks, the best folio is a spread with as many different crypto's as you can afford>translation: buy 5 crypto's for your folio for a total $100 expenditure.
make sure it's discretionary monies>cross your fingers that you can move bits into hard assets on the gains
there is no single, consensus, one-size-fits-all answerNo, I know that, I'm literally just amassing as much information and opinions as I can before I begin.It's like you have to do with news today, read everything and find the middle ground.
care to tell us your story?
4319377Oh, fuck me, I'm retarded.
I didn't see the 'k'.You didn't lose fucking shit, you got fucking rich, now I'm even more inclined to hear you story like 

if I can find the archive, I'll post ITT>looking at the various folio's, I learned that the spread is the best solution(every investor seems to choose multiple crypt's)>thanks to those showing their folio.jpg, you can see winners and losers, and with any good fortune, they'll all be winners soon>it's expensive for the new investor due to ancillary costs and not knowing which direction to take>iron grip
But seeing how much profit some people have made today just made me realize that if I play the long gameYou already understand the key to this game.
Don't think small term, think big term.
PoS oracles will not outperform decentralized ones, like CL provides.
Probably best to buy 1000k LINK or 2K REQ.
Both are very low right now, and will bounce after this BCH-BTC nonsense.
Buy soon though, normies and brainlets are realizing the sky wasn't falling, and these alts won't be on sale much longer.If you just want to have a (relative) slow gainer with little downside, think about getting XMR.
May bump when people are cashing out BCH, but that's just a hunch.
Which exchange would you recommend for buying those alts?