How do you feel about the fact that unless you own at least 1000 LINK you are never going to make it?
LINK can be had for less than $300.Will we really make it with just that much invested?5.3k linklet here.
.7K Link here.
pls be true
But I only own 999.2 link :(0x2b349a6cf412663c9bca63e14c98b924df2e9a54
YesSorry anon, you're never gonna make it.
Deluded, 5$ will be the first milestone.
So better accumulate
62k LINK hereIm kicking myself for buying at the wrong times I could have 100K+ LINKim never gonna make it
 billion market cap (25% of all cryptos) by the end of the year.
Before it even launches.
Cool!Seriously though you are delusional.
We are pumping it here: https://discord.gg/Yh96D8v
5k link here.
I will be happy with $1
this coin is literally digibyte tier.
It's making everyone poor.
Why are you shilling this?
Zap is better than link
hahahahahahahhahahahhahahaahahhahaha
DigibyteMuh currencyWe like bitcoin but little bit fasterDoesn't even solve the oracle problem>ChainlinkLinking every piece of real world information to any blockchain possible - Ethereum, Bitcoin and any other to come.Partnerships with so many huge corporations it would make Ethereum jealousSolves the oracle problem
okay so you believe in the tech while it's dumping to the ground
okay so you believe in the tech while it's dumping to the ground
yeah the graph shows the disgusting history of this digibyte 2.0
lol....
YesThis has already happened multiple times to thousands of people over the course of the last 8 years, it is going to continue and LINK is virtually guaranteed be one of the few coins to truly moon
tfw poorfag with only 872 linkI've always supported the project and I do my best to spread word for it.
I've been shilling it pretty hard.Please, if you have any spare links for a poorfag,I just want to make it to 10000xf4e7483968d2a9a20a6f6a5284686022bfd68b10
>mfw 26k LINK stored comfy in my wallet
yfw you own 999 linkies
what is circulating supply vs total supplybrainlet
get rekt
50k myselfLiterally couldn't be comfier
Link brothers!
I'm almost at the 1k marker with 739.
Anyone want me to help me get those lambos I here everyone talk about?0x93b78c2808defbd77e5f8f16ced70b2bb5b4676c
The only ZAP you fags will get if you buy into that shitcoin
disgusting, upgrade your rank ASAP
Hard dip incoming best to sell and buy bacl around ~2000 sats

This shit will never moon, can you imagine 1/3 of /biz/ idiots becoming rich?That would be sci-fi like Jesus and aliens coming to Earth on same day
Ethereum was the same as LINK now, it was shilled everywhere on /biz/ and a lot of /biz/tards became rich thanks to it.
This would be awesome.
The board would be filled with ridiculous requests from rich Linkfags like myself and poor pajeets begging and cocksucking for 0.1 LINK.
Every 2nd pic will be a sharpie in someones body hole.
I agree a dip is definitely on its way, volume is bleeding and price is creeping down.
But I'm thinking more around 2400 sats.
I sold earlier today once I saw volume dropping like a rock.
I'm sorry you missed money skelly?Let me introduce you to money belly.
156K in my wallet chilln.
To infinity and beyond!!!
ayy lmao i rememba that
Why did I buy 5 million 1337 coin thinking i'd be able to make it flip instead of putting it into LINK ahhhh
he fell for the 1337 meme
Anon clearly said 1000 Link.
I didn't fall for a meme it's just it literally cannot go any lower.
Hey nigger faggots ive never purchased a ERC20 token before.
I have a jaxx wallet and a coinbase wallet.
Will jaxx at least differentiate and display the value of my (((LINK)))?
You don't need to know the value of your LINK, you won't be selling it until $50/LINK anyway.
I only own 233 so far and have been getting killed on it :(If anybody out there can help me boost my rank, I sure would be forever grateful..and if not.. whatever, down with the ship we go i guess lolcheers
Gotta pay to play jr.
What if a nuclear war happens the day we hit 100+ dollars.
We made but just for a short time.
Screencap this
theres a reason you are low ranked, soldier.
Step in line
Your right send me 1k link for this mistake.
And I will send you a picture of my aunts(no blood relation) boobs.
post your wallet ill send you 50
Your digits make it real anon better buy in!!
So she's saying her pussy is fucking disgusting?
Really makes you think...
I want to see /biz/ full of threads asking for ideas of what to do with all their millions.
$50 per LINK would be a market cap of 17,500,000,000...Or in other words, nearly six times the current market cap of Bitcoin
Shhh
is that the bitcoin marketcap from 1998?
You mean one sixth but ok
Deluded as fuck.
LINK is already over.
ZAP has rolled out the app store of Oracles.
Microsoft, Google, IBM, big banks, fintechs, you name it the big corps will list their oracles here among 100,000's of other oracles.
Download any Oracle you need and use it.
No dumbass Link token and node required.
BTFO.
/biz/ math
1/2A couple of notes on ChainLink token value:Firstly, in response to the FUD that 650 million of the 1 billion total tokens are in reserve.
This is usually accompanied by people saying "They'll just give those tokens away for free!
Yours won't be worth anything".
The 650 million tokens are divided in half.
300m go to "the company", and 350m are used to incentivise node operators.
For holders of the remaining 350m, here's why both of those things are good.Firstly, having a third of the tokens in the company's hands means that the company has a direct incentive to maintain and increase token value.
Accusations that the system is somehow geared up so that the tokens won't be worth anything, suggests that for some reason Sergey et al don't want their stake to be worth anything.
The fact that their own profit is tied to the value of the token is a good thing.
It means they have a direct incentive to create a valuable product.Additionally, the fact that 350m tokens are set aside to incentivise node operators is absolutely critical to this project.
For decentralised solutions like this to work, you need wide adoption.
You can't have a decentralised system with only a handful of nodes.
As a result, it in directly in every token holder's interests that ChainLink develops a large and robust network of node operators.
The best way to do that is to give node operators incentives.
"Try before you buy", as it were.
That 350m will slowly enter the general ecosystem, and be used to get node operators on the network.
More node operators means a more robust oracle system which means greater adoption which means more value.
/2Secondly, in response to speculation about the possible dollar value of each token.
"But there are a billion tokens and all they are doing is paying node operators".
One major thing to consider in response to this is how market caps relate to the amount of money actually performing processes within that ecosystem.
How much of Ethereum's $30 billion market cap is actually being used on GAS or ICOs at any given time?The reality is that only a small fraction of any token's market cap is actually "doing work" at any point in time.
The total market cap is more of a valuation of the entire ecosystem, than it is a reflection of the amount of value being used in transactions at any given point.
When you consider that ChainLink could conceivably be performing billions of dollars worth of "work" a day, and that that value will only be a small proportion of total market cap, it is easy to understand how valuations of $10 per token within the next couple of years, and even significantly higher on a 10 year time scale, are not as overenthusiastic as they may initially seem.
EOY is less than a few weeks away
42756934275701I accidently was looking at 24hr volume kek.$50 is so possible lets fucking go!!
seize the moment, no tears, only money now
Guys.I am a developer and I am coming to you with a warnining.https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlinkIf this repo above represents the chain link product.
It's literally nothing.The files are a skeleton at best, mostly json files and stubbed out functions that do next to nothing.The changes are far from meaningful, and although they make the github graphs look good, very little actual functionality is being put together.I was considering getting into chainlink but honestly based on this github its clear they want to appear busy.
Which is the last thing you want your core developers to be doing.
warniningwhat's a warnining?
are you airdropping that here?
You mean $122,365,576,708.38
Same developer that can code a new 4chan and search engine better than google?
4272584>Yes>This has already happened multiple times to thousands of people over the course of the last 8 years, it is going to continue and LINK is virtually guaranteed be one of the few coins to truly moonIt's really not dude
if they wanted to appear busy they wouldn't have kept us in the absolute dark for 2 monthskill yourself and stay poor
I'm also aware of this, but that they seem to have so many potential partnerships and the big guys showing faith in them, counteracts this fud for me.
Holy fuck that looks comfy
people put more trust into Jews
what are private repositoriesIf you were sitting on something potentially worth billions you'd just throw it up on github for the world to steal right?
FUD

Bought 10k at ico.
Sold 2000 at 9.5k Satoshi.
Put it into my maxed req ico.
Skipped confido ico rather bought 1-1 eth worth of link/req.I'm very high and drunk and just became paralyzed with fear duentk realising I'm 100% in the 2 most shipped coins on biz.>what have I done
Anyway, the actual chainlink is being written in Go, not ruby.
4273290Pajeet samefag
Do morons actually think people don't convert to fiat when considering these?
300 USD for pics?I'll send you 1 LINK for the pic anon.
The fact that you don't have ballpark estimate of bitcoins market cap as part of your general knowledge, in other words the fact that you COULD mistake BTCs 100+ bn market cap for like 2BN shows what an absolute newfag you are.
Those are serious baghodlers anon
I'm heavy in REQ and I don't think you need to worry.
I'm not a brilliant researcher by any means but I do know a couple of people that research from every angle and they are heavily invested in the coin due to what they know.
LINK is losing volume by the minute.
Over half is already gone from the little pump yesterday.
By tomorrow it will be back under 20 cents.
Now is not the time to buy.
This isn't ethereum
TFW only 499.60.
Do you guys need someone to clean toilets on the spaceship?
4274468i remember when biz shilled the fuck out of ethereum at ~$10.
I made a solid $9000 from it, without knowing a single thing about crypto.
It's better
4277338give me the rundown on LINK goys
too late I saw enough posts about it so I bought $50 worth
daily reminder that Vitalik is an autistic 19 year old that is selling his premined coins at $10
Sees Ethereum>It's not Bitcoin>Misses out>Sees LINK>It's not Ethereum>Misses out>Sees insert_next_big_thing>It's not LINK>Misses outPro-tip: the time to invest in something is when it's being laughed at.
Top kek threads actaully said that tfw new fag from /pol/ a month ago
4277596> First mover> General use-case (any blockchain project can use it)> Corporate interest and backing> Meme hype Its so fucking obvious that this is the next ETH level moon mission.
To nolinkers, name one coin that satisfies the following criteria before you say its the next ETH.
These fags will be kicking themselves in a year or two.
what corporations are backing it?
Is it too late for me to latch on to the rocket?
Can I buy 5k right now and make it?
what corporations are backing or are bullish about LINK?Kek you do NOT deserve LINK.
Shit man I missed this, went afk for a few0x08cc5c4b81f5a743c1200373ce0b0a9d57ed1f88You are the man!
Thank you dude
Spoon-feed me the post
I bought this at $0.20 usd.
Good to know I'm making it
RDN or more LINK....
no blood relationThat's too bad.
Almost sent you the LINK.
shit coin don't buy, oy vey!
I hold 6'9k Link and this is deluded.
I need at least 20k to make it
>Only have a meager 675 LINK>Trying to get to 1,000 LINK so I can at least have the basest of levels of making it>Can't buy more because my wage slave budget has already been reached for the pay periodThis shit will stay stable for at least another week right?
There's still time?
Don't use Jaxx for ERC20 Tokens based on Ethereum.
I recommend you using MetaMask
Double by ETH by jumping between NULS/REQ/LINK.Now holding 10k REQ.
Is REQ going up or should I just all link b4 going to bed?
What corporations are NOT backing it?Fixed
I'm in the same boat man
I've been where you were since september and I jumped in because of fomo at 45 cent.
Don't be dumb like me, wait untill it goes down to 13-16 cent and then go all in
implying it will go that low ever again right when alt season opened and the fork drama dissolved (no not counting the fake "WE ARE STILL DOING IT" shit.
)Wait and miss your chance.
It is dipping today anyway.
4280919
4280962get the largest credit line you can and put it all in link.
WE ARE STILL DOING ITWE ARE STILL DOING IT, YOU FUCK, I PUT $50K IN B2X FUTURES.
nice thats why I bought your cheap -90% futures before saying we are still doing it!
https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG
This
1650 LINK herepls make me rich
Who here /gon_mak_it/
I hope 28k link is enough I didn't sell any on the spikes or buy more on the dips I know link will moon eventually But right now I wish I had £17k in btc rather than £4k in link I have to pay rent and I have no other money fuck me it's going to really hurt selling at a loss
Partnership confirmed.
From the REQ update: Such an oracle can be created through partnerships (i.e.
SWIFT/ChainLink, many others will come), with tokenized version of these currencies or with a mix of both (a bank could participate in the Oracle by moving tokenized currencies but it would be transparent for their customer
Guys you realistically need 20k minimum to have significant gains unless you plan holding for the next 4 years when it's $1000 +


Hey deluded linkie bitches.You're down 50% aren't you ahhaah
It's already at $ 0.19 ... As I told you, wait till 12-13th November to buy.
Im young I can wait