>cant even dump my btc because transactions are so slow
that's what you get for buying shitcoinsbtc will be worth $3.50 and you won't be even able to dump, because your transaction will be stuck with 0 confirmations until the heat death of the universe
Exit point was weeks ago, really hope Sammy have exited his BTC by now
hodling btc in 2017. top fucking kek
but anon, slow transactions is a feature
What a soyboy
BTC is the MySpace of cryptos
all part of the plan.
So whats your best option anon?
Whats mooning right now that you could jump on?
That everyone will jump on?
not holding it for years>thinking 1 dip is the end of the world
whatever ive been holding for ages and still made profit, bch is going up WAY more before it goes back down and I can just rebuy more bitcoin with my earnings
>get americans to buy into a bubble, a literal valueless """"currency""""" at inflated price>pop bubble >flood network with transactions to lock in losses>$2B forcefully transferred to superior chinasHHOHOHOOHOHOcanada you next!
I hate seeing this disgusting faceWho is he?
Had to wait hours last night even with premium fee
some tranny fucking nazi

HO HOCHANEESE KNO TOO THINGS!
BREACH AND SCAMMING AMELICAN DOTALDS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAAAbwEtZRo
repeat offender mass shooter.
those are pics of his bloated corpse after his final murder suicide
4301893no it's not you bellend fuck off with your shitty meme

 A mentally insane person said thingswow
just hodl!>digital gold
But won't those tulips look beautiful in the spring?
This thread is full of fudBTC isn't going anywhere just buy and hold and gamble on the occasional alt coins.
btc is an altcoinbth is the real bitcoin
bitbean is the real bitcoin nigger
 BTC isn't going anywherek down in 24 hourslmao the level of delusion on biz is staggering
kyswhere the fuck do you think the money goes when people sell BTH?
?people are dumb as fuck..Bitcoin is a buy and hold, anybody falling for this pull back and selling deserves to lose money simply because they don't understand the fundamentals to the underlying asset in which they are "investing" in.Bitcoin is here to stay.Buy and hold to 100k
Bitcoin is here to stay.Hyperledger is here to stay.
Bitcoin is irrelevant.
People are pulling out like crazy, bitcoin is her to stay as a shitcoin.
where the fuck do you think the money goes when people sell BTH?
?USDT, ETH, and BNB :)
>Roger Ver thinks his sockpuppets have any effect here