This shit is absolutely the cheapest year+ megamoon you will ever see.Mark my words, you will neck yourself if you miss out on this one.
>buy my bags: the post
future suicide: the post
My bags are up 10% today.
Not selling
My Ledger arrived today and I put my 160K Link on there.It's a nice feel, now I can just do hobbies and shit until I'm rich.
Good job anon, keep those private keys close, don't trust your golden tickets in the hands of others.
I hold equal parts ETH, LTC, and XMR.
How much should I diversify back into LINK from what I currently hold?
I did hold from the pre-sale but dipped out a while back with gains.>inb4 BALLS DEEP; GIVE ME LAMBO OR GIBS ME DEATH HURRRRR
I've been swing trading with like 4k outside of my main stack due to boredom.
Going to bed right though does 2900 seem like a decent buy order?
Confido will moon along with LINK.
Hold both to unlock the secrets of gainz.
Fuck Litecoin.
Why does it even exist?
Hold XMR cos it's the king of privacy coins, hold ETH because it's the smart contract first mover.Sell whatever you have in LTC and put it in LINK as your moonshot.
I was thinking the same.
I only held LTC because I bought back at ~$45 and dumb normie bux from it being listed on coinbase.
Hoping it dips a little lower, been swing trading trying to get to 10k.
Should be at 8.5k if my buy order goes through tonight.
Is there even a chance of making it with 50k LINK.
I feel absolutely insecure when i compare myself with the people with 400k LINK.
we will relish in the victory of the higherups, while still making it, friendo
too many scared of what to do huge gains
kek same friend.
I think we're the most common category on /biz/ so if we do make it we'll do it together.
We should throw a link party or something if it ever happens
bro imagine being a minimum wage cuck.
We're struggling to make 10k,.
I only have 6.6k right now and it's going to be at least 2 more paycheck before I get 10k.
4334894hahaha i spent all my available fiat and alts into LINK and have only 5k.
I am okay with link going anything above $1.
lets go!
What does the link token do?
why does it exist?
you dont need tokens for oracles to work
I’ve been waiting for 2800 - 2900 all night
This question has been answered on every fucking thread.
your in the top 7000 hodlers man, thats pretty fucking good
Read their whitepaper.
Always read the whitepaper before ever dropping 1 satoshi into a project.
If they don't have one, don't give pajeet benefit of the doubt.
It's actually the top 1200
Every week as it sinks...>"It's found support!
">"You will miss out if you don't buy now!
">"Cheapest LINK we will see!"
How did you calculate thatI just did 350,000,000/50,000
etherscan.io lets you look at each address with link in it and the amountwhat you did makes no sense to me kek
Still pisses me off that LINK is worth $.20 while CFD is worth more than a dollar now.
expecting a stable floor during last month's shitfestIt's not doing too bad considering the circumstances.
Great things await when all this blows over.
This except I only have 1k link :(I'm playing the long long long game.
If this can hit $50 it'll hit $1000 in time.
Launch hype.
It'll settle down & find a floor.
nigger I have 2.5k link shut the fuck up you don't know what real poverty is
this telegram group called link too and theyre usually right t.me/pumpandtrump
Sorry to disappoint you but this will never happen
why arent you increasing your stack then?
like a 1% chance it hits $50.
no chance it hits $1000
i traded my way from 1.2k to 3000, so if i were in your shoes i dont need it to hit $50, i only need it to get to $17 now.
higher probability.
you dont even need to do big swings, scalping in between, one LINK at a time is already enough if you are hoping this would get to $10++ anyway.
just a matter of perspective.
tbf im a neet without nothing better to do so yeah
Will literally never ever hit $1000.maybe $50.
without anything better to do* whoops
remember one thing foggot, if at all if it is success, it does not matter how many link you have(above 10k link) , u will become rich.
I hope SALT moons Q4 2017 before LINK so i can dump my bags for more LINK already.