Discuss...
noone believes that.
everyone knows 99% will fail.
More like 99% of coins will be worthless but that 1% will be worth a fuck load more after the shitcoin boom ends.
Who is Peter Brandt?
He's right tho.
ur mum
Shit...he’s right
% of coins will become worthlessI mean he's right about that
based big bills peter working the cryptomarksif you don't know who this guy is he's generated like 40% returns annually for like 20 years
this old guy.I tried explaining blockchain tech and cryptocurrency to my mum.she doesn't understand either.when I said that the fiat debts can never be repaid and fiat is fundamentally a instrument of debt she said : " but banks are needed too anon" they just can't grasp the fact of how fucked up banks made this world.
they are too old.
they don't understand.don't mind them.
>the overhwelming volume of blockchain volumeI think we can ignore this pleb.never take advice from boomers, they’ll be dead in a few years just in time to see stocks and forex become obsolete and cryptotrading be the predominant occupation of the western world
Old boomer trying to be relevant in a world that doesn't give a shit about him anyome, its going to happen to us too hope we wont be as pathetic as him
Like we didn't know that already.
High risk - high return.
It's alright to play around jumping from one moon mission to another as long as you don't marry a shitcoin
Half the coins are utility tokens.
They aren't trying to "replace" anything.
It's hard for boomers to understand innovation.
It's not that they're too old, its just that they're lazy and half are too stupid.
Most boomers have never really had to think too hard to become successful and don't understand how the world works around them.
Of course he's right.
If you look at a 1 year old screen cap of the top 100 coins on coinmarketcap.com there's only like 5 that still trade today with significant volume.Shitcoins are like penny stocks and you're all getting Jordan Belfort'd by pajeets
not knowing who Peter Brandt is....plebs.
Bump
What about the other 5%
Anybody that implies that blockchain will become centralized (I guess this is what he means by closed loop) doesn't understand cryptocurrency.
I'm not saying it "cannot" happen, only that it's worthless if it does.
There's zero point replacing a centralized database with a centralized blockchain.In other words, don't listen to this boomer faggot.
god I hate boomers
read comments waltonchain ftw