What will you do when you run into BROOKE or that succubus Amber Heard and you're member doesn't get up and fight for your manhood.
DO YOUR KEGELS /biz.
GOOD JOB, NOW HERE'S A TOWL
I'm just getting a giant penis transplantation when I'm rich, faggot.
quit watching porn and fap lesserection problems solved
KEDDing.
Kegel Every Damn Day.
Whitelist for kegel ICO?
I have no idea what you animals do when it comes to masturbation, I'm not even curious but it must be fucking bad to give you erection problems in the first place
What's this kegel meme.
What is a kegel actually?
Never researched this, and as lazy as I am, I can't open google on a new tab.
nice just bought 100k
Its a pen like tool that you put in your dick hole then you open it up like an umbrella
Please stop posting this.
We get it.
what's the towl for?
good gimmick bee tea dub
I thought I had ED.
Turns out it was the fact I only drank beer and no water for months.
tfw morning wood everyday and raging boners when day dreaming
kek is this penile advice legit or we are just playing some some weird fucked up 4D chess?
This sucks.
Same problem.
But cigarettes and diet coke
NO, MY ADVICE IS LEGIT.
YOU WILL INCREASE STRENGTH IN PELVIC MUSCLES AND ERECTIONS ARE STRONGER.
YOUR FEMALE COUNTERPART WILL THANK YOU FOR ELONGATED SEX TIME.
DO YOUR KEGELS.
I'll do kegels if roasties start doing kegels.Roasties nowadays are loose af and let their pussies go by age 21.
This thread should be aimed at them.
Dude, this shit doesn't belong in the biz section.
/fit/ ?
I always push my dick into my crotch so it holds the juice in and i wont have to clean up, pretty sure it's gonna give me ED
he made the point in a previous thread that as you are wasting your life away sitting on a computer, might as well be prepping for that day when you say enough is enough and rejoin the real world--hopefully rich a rich mf, but also a rich mf with iron shafts.
it also makes you cum more thx for the remeinder op
fap 3 times a day for 10 years>hard as rock sleep boners everydayfeels good to not be erectionlet
tfw never get fully hard when having sexMight be because I am a miserable guy though idk, anyway is Kegels legit?
add jelqing to the routine for maximum gains
larp more
No matter, i'm going to cut my dick off and live life as a woman with my crypto gains.
this.
u all need to jelq too
why can no one on the internet get "your" and "you're" right?
Really not that difficult.
Come on.
if you were a real woman, you would be able live of someone else's wealth.
people are not born equal anon
Yes, they're legit.
ill check them out then