Can you feel it?A lot of Crypto's are currently on the edge of breaking out.LTC, ETH, XMR, NEO, DASH, IOTA, XRP, ETC, to name a few.Meanwhile BTC is done with it's Bullrun.
7.8k was the blow-off top, and since has started correction.
Perm-bulls are getting rekt ever since.
BCH has started to challenge BTC, and that battle has just started.
What does this mean?Alt-season is starting again fellas.
Even without BCH, the BTC correction would take weeks.
But now the uncertainty surrounding BCH & BTC, will create an even bigger bearmarket.
And the status quo has been: a stabilized BTC + BCH, for now.
Don't be a moron.
Start diversifying your portfolio right now.
Today it's 1 month ago the 5k bullrun started.
Right now it's the silence before the storm.
Seems like the market was slow today right?
Everytime the market is this slow, it's the moment before break-out.
By all logic, this will entail a BTC breakout down.
The cursed BTC season is over for now.
No investor that is not an emotional trader would put money inside BTC right now.
4.8k is coming.
Smart money is in alts now.I lost lots of my portfolio since 1 month ago.
I tried to gain my Altfolio losses on bitmex, but the blow-off top, and subsequent flash-crash devastated me.
And currently I'm on the edge of financial chaos.
I had to watch last weekend's crazy market, without being able to participate...LTC tips would be nice.
:)
You sounded reasonable until you started asking for Litecoin handouts.A real chad investor wouldn't be asking for a few charity bucks from anons.Also ETH already pumped dummy.
The real pump is about to start honey.I'm sorry.
But a few charity bucks, will give me the leverage to regain all in the upcoming ALT-party.
I'll return all tips eventually.
You don't have to tip tho...Anyways: It's finna happen.
30 days since 5k.
Now at least 30 days of bearish BTC.
i've made shitty financial decisions in the past, but listen to my advice and pay me for it
Yea actually my pump senses are going off.
Today's going to see some big gains for a host of coins.
Fixd
That wasn't my main thesis.
This is my main-thesis:BTC Bullrun is over, coupled with the BCH battle means that a lot of volume is actively going into ALTS again.
ALTS-season is starting.
Lots of monthly cycles are about to be broken upwards.
I don't even think you're wrong, I just think you're a nigger.
4362744Wow forgetting about one of the biggest coin yet, with the most solid sponsorship with multiple inroads being built to different banks under protectorate IBM.
Its XLM people, just broke the downward flag so its breaking out.
19meaW39stPdMBCbJBaaYWiePjLumviSVo
% BTC50% AltsUse alts to increase BTC or convert BTC to another coin like LTC or XMR.
XLM is breaking on surprise news, this run won't last long.
LTC!!!!
BREAKING OUT