If you didn't make money in this rally then shame on you.
thanks for the 150k boys.
Congrats man can you help me outBtc1D4NrYmprjyGPHT5RdXUSX7mPpXC9uxkEp
B6BsjTL7PnS5pLFLFexYTrrU2nbRDUXjbsend me a few bucks I would be appreciated
>measuring profit in BTCit's worthless soon
But I was asleep for most of it.
Not trying to steal you thunder OP, but i went from 0.6btc to 0.2btc today, you jelly?
Lol that's nothing I turned 5 btc into 64 btc in the last 2 hours.If you didn't make money on ethroulette then shame on you
Worst comes to worst he can trade at nearly 1:1 during the 'flippening' if it ever happens
I turned .05 BTC into .06 BTC.
Life is good for this poorfag.
can you share some to the poorfags, pls1BJrWBuEWRo8zr3TC3YmZqCQ23eiesvSfR
Lol that's nothing I turned 5 btc into 64 btc in the last 2 hours.If you didn't make money on ethroulette then shame on you
What's your strategy?
Did you buy into BCH with BTC a few days ago and then buy back BTC with the BCH?
Is it so simple?
Am I stupid?
Yes
Is it so simple?Yes.
The hard part is buying low and selling high.Master this and soon you'll be one of the big sharks!
Life's really grim right now and I figured it might be worth a shot because I could use anything right now.Help a poorfag out (and his blonde, blue-eyed little girl)?BTC1AfBU2wQ1Gr96GFrTtcve5CU9UWgmcJthd
But then BTC might keep dropping and then you missed out on BCH gains.
I guess that's life...
But if someone were to donate I could start trading between coins and be a part of these happenings and make some money for my family this way, because the pay I get right now is barely enough.
I turned 3btc into .9btc in 1 hour
I might as well keep telling my story in hopes of someone pitying me and helping me out.I got fucked by the system hard, the health care system here in Sweden is beyond bonkers.
I went in for help with a regular depression, and before I knew it I had social services breathing down my neck because of bullshit perpetrated by the health care system.Still, one visit and they knew it was all bullshit, but ever since then I've been labeled, forced meds and basically broken down.Not entirely though, because I still keep me afloat because of my daughter, but it's hard.
It's hard when you've been labeled something you're not because of a health care system that only cares about profit.
Cuck my shit up famalam, I've lost everything, twice.
13LeyR4HYgW6jYbTW7wfheGfw2kTS1nTh1
I made $4.
Drinks are on me.
i lost almost 5btc during this ralley, i feel not ashamed.
All these crypto hookers begging for a some btc, absolutely foul.
holy fuck idek how these cucks are begging.
no shred of dignity
I think, in life and society, there must be losers.
Unfortunately you must fill this role.
God bless you and good luck.
4317099Well, for some of us it's desperation.
I wouldn't blame my personal failures on anyone else and I take full responsibility for them, but when you get fucked by the system of which you dared once to ask for help from, and then their failure fucks your life up even more, you become desperate.If that's what it takes, I'll do it.
I'm not asking for me, I'm asking for my daughter.
The money would entirely go to her, it would be saved until she needed it, and it would be used for her.
Hell, imagine that if someone were to actually give me some coin, they could end up paying for my daughters education in the future.
a health care system that only cares about profit.What the fuck are you talking about?t.fellow swede
Whatever you can spare :)Bless you1Liix1iGEHmFhHcCHvXYNUTqiCo2gudvpG
Well, I'm talking about the mental health system in general.
Ever been there?
The regular "vårdcentralen" works well, but when you get sent further down the road, shit gets dark, real fast.
Dude you live in Sweden and your begging and complaining about the health care system?
I’m an American living in Sweden right now and this country is easy as shit to live in.
You have no idea how easy you guys have it.
You are weak and a fucking whiner.
Grow a pair and stop feeling sorry for yourself pussy
Why do you have a daughter, you cant even take care of your self.
I have actually.
Severe panic disorder and depressed for almost a decade and nothing indicated that their only motivation was profit, in any way.It's an inefficient shit system because they're constantly overworked and over capacity because of the ultimate soy boy nanny state we live in.
I'm sure there's a nice african man who would buy your daughter.
You take that money, put it into crypto, and then when you triple it or whatever you go back to the guy and buy your daughter back for more than you paid.
He'll be happy because he can now buy two swedish girls, you still have crypto in the bank, and if your daughter's a little screwed up well that just means she'll be an even more effective pity magnet than she is right now.
You literally can't lose!
If you want free crypto that bad then you know the drill.
Sharpie or spoon in your ass with time stamp.
Until then STFU or GTFO
I wish that was the case for me.
I've literally been labeled not able to take care of my daughter and got social services breathing down my neck.
Sure, it took them one meeting with me to understand that whatever shit they cooked up about me was lies, so nothing more happened.
But the fact that I went there for help, and got put in an even worse position than before just shows that it doesn't at all work.Well, I'm still standing, aren't I?
And I still provide enough to give my daughter a good life, I'm just hoping for more.
Well, like everything it differs from län to län.
For me, I got pumped full of medicines from day one with the idea that "If this medicine works, you got this" and surprise, it didn't, it only made me worse.
This went on, and it ended up with a Lex Maria notification that is being worked on right now, because nothing of it was handled as it was supposed to.
Haven't you noticed tho how some medicines comes in waves?
That's the profit part.
You can find it easy if you google, they are payed privately to push certain meds, and while not all doctors are scumbags, some are.
Africans only have food stamps.
Haven't you noticed tho how some medicines comes in waves?
That's the profit part.No.
Brands have different effects on people, so they're just trying shit out seeing what works and what doesn't.
Trust me, they want you healthy and out of their hair as fast as possible.
If you're still stuck on the "muh profit" line of thought then look at it this way; the most amount of profit they can make in your case is to get you well and back into the workforce so you can start raking in those fuck-you-level taxes for them like a good little slave.
Both yes and no, addictive medication is usually preferred even when there are less addictive alternatives.
They'd rather not want you entirely healthy, they want you to keep paying for meds too.
And even you can admit that an investigation shouldn't start with meds off the bat, can't diagnose a person when they're on meds that can alter you, both mentally and physically.
Anyway...I'm off.
I knew I wouldn't get any pity or donations here, this is 4chan after all, but it was worth a shot.And honestly, as with everything, it helps to talk about shit, and even though I know whatever was said will float away into the abyss, know that this actually helped me in a way.
Despite intentions people had engaging me here and now, despite having kind or bad words, a little encouragement, or harsh truths, always helps, and even if none of you will ever know who I am or what I do with my life, in a twisted way, I'll show you all that despite whatever shit I was put through, I'll make it.And I mean, it's always worth a shot.
Even if the chances of someone taking pity on me is less than winning the lottery, I still do buy a lottery ticket every now and then, so why not this.
Update boys close to 38 btc now.
6btc in a hour sounds good to me :)
Give me 0.1 btc and I'll give you one good advice (potential 25-50xer 4-6 months)1L1718A9Wn6gCs6gBdToE6zU73JfeWFs1v
Congrats OP.
Do you just trade btc/bch when they fall/raise or is there more to it?
How in the fuck are you making that much and that fast on Bittrex of all places?There's no fucking margin there and the books are relatively thin.
Fuck I’m so jelly.
Stood on the sidelines like a bitch because I was too afraid of getting dumped onWelp well done.
You gonna buy a house or something now?
10 BTC worth at .25>sell at .275>repeat 6 times
are you going all in all the time?
if we was he'd be making way more and risking way more (literally everything)
Got in BCH @ $1700 and cashed out at $2400.
Added an additional %17 to my pot.
Thanks gooks!
16my744XivWPJhj5qnE6zFurueoLyV5xd Any donations for poor college fag trying to survive with a shitty student job?
only made 2 off of 10 :/
I was sleeping until an hour ago.
I live in Croatia.
My dream is to live in Sweden, so fuck off neet.
Fuck off we're full.
4317666Lol @ a non-muslim being well-accepted in Sweden.
Unless you changed your gender 3 times, these are the responses you will get...
Congrats, can you help me out please?
1NVPg9wpe58XyqXH2MAneucu5usE8H5MW7
I'm sorry anon AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA