Now that BTC-BCH shitfest is over, I want to invest my gains into non-shitcoin alts with small market cap.DON'T shill me EPY or HST.
I have already invested in them.So what's your recommendations, anons?
Now that BTC-BCH shitfest is overThe shit is still in the air.
Waft it in.
Bathe in it.
Ppsst psst bch mooning now
It hasn't even begun
It's far from over
IOC (two weeks for DIONS brah) literally easiest gains ever (amount of gains unknown)ETP probably the best coin in the marketHIVE won best ico award and the mandatory REQ and LINK
NTWK
Fuck them.
I've already made my gains and don't wanna be greedy, anon.Now do you have alts recommendations for me?
>shitfest is overWhut?
DAA will start in 22h.
Then it will take some time (days?)
to reach a difficulty equilibrium.
Decred.
Lightning, privacy, DAO coming up.
ZENCASH.
TKR, low cap and ready for a moon mission
Monero
stick to ED, it'll net you good gains.
Take a look at DRP
NEO, OMG, VTC, WTC, XMR
ASTRO you can trade it here since it doesnt have an official ticker yet on ED https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETHYou buy this because the team listed it early and 90% of the token holders probably dont even know.
The actual listing is on the 15th and like all new coins that get listed, it will blow the fuck up.
vtcmonerowhy buy anything else?if you have a lot to spend, buy into a PoS coin and stake for profit?
nav, neblio, etc.
I've been in IOC and probably won't go back there again.
REQ and LINK I have both.
What does HIVE do, anon?Shill me NTWK.
Why should I invest in it?I'm looking at it.
Do you think it can outperform EPY or HST?DRP is DCORP right?
It has mooned.
I missed it and not gonna jump in now.
What part of "low market cap" do you not understand, Rakesh?ASTRO doesn't seem too promising.My recipe for gain is invest in low market cap coins with potential, so definitely not XMR
WAT THE FUCK IS THE POINT OF THESE THREADS EVERY PAJEET JUST SPEWS THIER PORTFOLIO WITH NO JUSTIFICATIONSthis is how you do itfuck every other nigger in this threadAlso OP, Lisk.
has rebranding announcement on 22nd, sitting on Google cooperation news, SDK release 2 months out.
Good medium hold.
I need more quality shill like this.
I'll have a look into it, anon.Yes anon, I've heard about LISK's rebranding.
Will read more on it.
But don't you think it's already priced in?
unironically ODN, low market cap, app coming very soon, price low as fuck at the moment, great advisors, pretty much a no brainer for me
GRS 100%
REQ
EVX and REQI really do think the impatient OMG fanboi's are going to FOMO into these once they crack top 100
I'm looking into Monero right now.
Want to join?
RCN>The market for alternate finance gained popularity in recent years.
A finding by Transparency Market Research suggests that “the opportunity in the global peer-to-peer market will be worth $897.85 billion by the year 2024, from $26.16 billion in 2015.
The market is anticipated to rise at a whopping CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] of 48.2% between 2016 and 2024.”>While Research and Markets estimates the global P2P lending market to grow at a CAGR of 53.06% during the five year period between 2016 and 2020.
Morgan Stanley in a report in 2015 predicted that such marketplace lending would command $150 billion to $490 billion globally by 2020.>http://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-rise-of-peertopeer-p2p-lending-cm685513Ripio's value is not based on a coin gimmick, the tech behind RCN is nothing special.
Ripio's value comes from the fact that it has proven people going into an industry that is sure to rise and they will start making money in the near future, not 2-3 years from now, but NEXT year.
They got many pieces ready, their roadmap ends in April for God's sake.