Does anyone else hate the crypto market with a passion?
It's nothing but a neverending cycle of pump and dumpsI need this shitty market to get enough capital for the real stock market, but holy shit do I loathe this garbage
That's what makes it good.
Non-stop excitement 24 hours a day.
You need to go buy a mutual fund or something.
Yeah it's pretty bullshitPaying large amounts of money for colored cartoon coins that don't do anythingaren't even a store of value like real goldThis is someone who's been in it for a while
you just described the unreglulated market atmosphere perfectly.it's pure cancer if you count in the people who seriously believe in those "projects".
"projects" with no single use case in the real world.the sole purpose of those shitcoins is to multiply your BTC by buying cheap and finding suckers who are ready to buy your stupid crap for a premium.it's still fun when you have massive gainz, though
if you've been long enough in this cancer soaked market - remember UROthe herd actually believed that this piece of piss is going to be worth 1 metric ton of urea fertilizerit rose from 0.0003 to over 0.03 BTC - i could've made a ton of money on this - but stayed out of it as it looked scammy as fuckfun times
I also hate this board.
Nothing but brainlets spreading lies in the hopes that someone will buy their bags
"projects" with no single use case in the real world.Some of these projects have valid use cases.
One business I am consulting for could definitely make use of the combination of Chainlink, Request and Confido.You sound like someone in the 80s/90s saying that the internet does not have any valid use cases.
Some of us looked at a 56k modem and imagined Facebook, Netflix and Uber.
People like you looked at it and said "this will never take off, why would anyone need it".
i actually love low volume coins and trade on the doge market on low volume exchanges like tradesatoshi
I both love and hate this shit
The stock market is boring.
Only the big players make any money.
The crypto market is just like the stock market pre-1929, totally unregulated.
It's basically gambling and that's what makes it fun.