>been NEET and living with parents since this summer after graduating with maths degree>go to job induction for burger king job after passing intervies>had to walk through the hellsh kitchen to a back area>heard presentation filled with corporate speak and saw a website and employee material that sounded like it was aimed at 14 year olds and was patronising as fuck>all this just for a job that people look down on you for having>make some dumb excuse and leave before signing the contract>my only previous jobs were customer assistant roles in places which were soul crushing>not sure what to tell parents when I go home but they're not strictHow the fuck would it be possible for me to wake up before 6 am for a job which society looks down upon when stuff like picrelated happens every second of the day?
Women living lives on easy mode and getting paid for existing.
Fratbros who get finance jobs through networking at parties.
People making money from YouTube or twitch.Oh and wearing a retail job uniform is pure cuckoldry.
Absolute first rate cuckoldry.
Nothing made me feel more pathetic.
I remember starting a job, wearing a regular shirt and trousers for my first week, then getting the uniform which was literally like a prisoners uniform but a different colour.
The trousers felt horrendous.It would drive me insane.
I felt pathetic in my other part time jobs.
What's more pathetic is how I grew used to them like a little cucked prisoner.
how can someone be so fucking pathetic ?
So what ya gonna do about it?
Better learn to trade cuck boy.But seriously I'm depressed and I'm gonna graduate w/ a math and stats degree with low grades and no job prospects and I'm scared shitless.
Fucking maths degree?
Become a quant or something.
wtf are you complaining about exactly?
I work as a train mechanic, got an IT degree too but with D avg so no one wants to hire me.
Well I reckon at least my work uniform is pretty cool, got loads of pockets on my trousers and nice cotton work shirts(we gotta be comfy we are fixing important things all day every day)I really hate the waking up early part tho
OP here.
It's important to say that I don't agree with this lefties nonsense of employment being exploitation.
But it is plain humiliating full stop.There is no just world rationalising that can make me feel good about working in retail for minimum wage while Hollywood actors and actresses get everything handed to them due to looks.
>muh entitlementyou sound like elliot rodgerif you have a math degree you obviously have a high iq, fucking apply yourself
um your id is different anon
It's an art, not a skill
Ffs, why this matters?I aleays get different IDs cos in a day I go to uni, to lab, I post at home and sometimes in cafes.All these give different IDs.OP, dont let your education go to waste.
Try a blog, if you can be interesting about your knowledge.
Try writing for sci-pop sites.
That is just as humiliating as working in retail, but you can do it at home and maybe even earn more.
Find a PHd by imagining an interesting yet unsolved problrm.
Make a trading script.
Go to a bank as data analyst.
They may pay you periodically for consultations that are basically a 2-day worth of shitcoding.Make your skills relevant!