Probably going to fucking regret it but I am back in bch.
Anyone else?
I must be retarded because I never left
dead cat bounce, you're fucked
Maybe yes maybe no
Nope.
Wouldn't touch that shit with a ten foot pole.
There are 100 alts that have better fundamentals...
When it hits very bottom again I'm buying some ChinkCoin.
Same.
We're going to make it, Anon.
No guts no glory.
Fuck it.
It's following BTC movements, so, expect it to grow when BTC end this no sense try to hit $8000, there's a huge resistance it wo't make it.So yes, maybe it's a good move, but I wouldn't sleep comfy holding BCH.
Literally all in
You sound like you just got back into a bad relationship.
Good Luck!
Seek therapy pls.
Just my opinion:There's a very small sign that it has broken the current downtrend, but it does not look good.
You're looking at a 3% max gain with a buy in right now.
This is not worth it.
Check out MTL.
I think it may have the gains you're looking for.
Never fucking left.
I have just under 5k, I guess that makes me one of the world's richest Bitcoin Cash holders.
Not tippy top, but quite possibly top 500 or so.I've been up and down a million plus a day here, but I'm riding this fucker down and out.
I still have 350 BTC left so I can console myself.
I just can't in good faith keep basically everything in Bitcoin anymore.
Whale here, buy bch now if u havent jihan will attack again its planned with coinbase n other exchanges dont believe me screen cap thisAlso thanks for the free 800$ bcc biz
too soon junior.
Made decent money last time.
Now equal quantity of both.
Betting against the king is very risky.
lel
what price do I sell on next pump?
I got JUSTed by holding on the .5 pump because I thought we were going to parity
by the way the hash rate difference right now is very telling to me...5% sustained hash rate for BCH for like forever now?
they are throwing everything at BTC until the adjustment and then try to strand the legacy blockchain
Told you it was following BTC movements, now that BTC is retracing, BCC is mooning.Trading this pair BTC-BCC and USDT-BTC is quite easy.
me too, I've been holding all the way from 600$
USDT-BTC>USDT>tetherdon't buy into the meme
checking in, holding since $550.parity here we come
It "probably won't" go to zero, so not necessarily a regret.
But you probably bought back in too early.
Everything above $600 is incredibly frothy; the real correction floor is probably around $300-400.
I thought the same thing but the next btc diff adjustment is forcasted to DROP by ~30%https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty
I sense a deep desire to get JUSTedUSTed
BTC - many talented programmers, world wide infrastructure like ATMs and satellite, mass network effect.BCH - 1 washed up old programmer and a load of dishonest chinese trying to pump & shill.BCH is OK for hit and run speculations, that's all.
There is no future for this shitcoin.
We already have litecoin, monero, zcash and all the other shit.
Who needs a new shitcoin?
Bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin bud, hold for a year and watch BTC collapse under its own weight of uselessness
I know, I know.
I just use it to check the value and the trend.
wtf, maybe that will change as we get closerotherwise why are they throwing everything at BTC right now when its less profitable
ITS MOOOOOOOOOOOOOONING FAGS.
GET IN GET IN.
GO UP FOR DADDDY YEAHhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OacVy8_nJi0
Exactly how I feel about BCH rn
You see the irony with posting a video of a rocket exploding right?
everybody knows it will explode.
I bought 50 this morning before going to work I set sell order at 1200 rode it from 850 USD.
Im already off the crazy train bro.
Aint holding this shitcoin more than a day.
Wew
Thanks for buying my useless bags