Who else is excited about Oligarch?
>hyperactive dev >ICO and Ann thread coming later this week >great community It's selling on ED right now for cheap too.
There's only a supply of 33 million and the Dev hopes to sell them at ICO for a dollar each.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865-ETH
I can't find jack shit on this, please link to website or something
There isn't one yet.
The Dev showed up a week or two ago gave out some tokens for memes and opened up a discord where he makes announcements.
Do you pajeets know what "Initial" in Initial coin offering actually means?What is the point if you are gonna to sell them on ED
Yeah he didn't look the tokens.
Lock**
Bump
it's been a long confirmed scam shitcoin, only a pajeet would buy it.
Confirmed?
By who?
it's yesterdays new, pal.
but after confido news everyone in the industry keep away from it.
It literally just started selling on ED today.
It was dead yesterday
what part of the fact that this shitcoin is scam you don't understand?!
Are you trolling dude?
Were you in the discord?
Do you even know about the project?
smart contracts on both eth/neo chainsdapp q2 2018
How much you holding m8?
If i remember correctly someone on 4chan gave away 10,000 of these.
Yep it's a coin by/biz/ for /biz/.
He gave anyone that posted their address in the thread with a suggestion and who joined the discord 1000-10000 coins.
Are you involved in the project?
didn't he say he was going to give them all away?
When did he say that?
He definitely didn't since over 95% are in one wallet still.
He posted in the discord that they were doing an ICO next week
Here's the etherscan for oligarch if you guys want to check it with the ED link https://etherscan.io/token/0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865
kek at the pajeets dumping for so low.
They'll be mailing the dev in a month going sir can I have another airdrop I sold it for not much money.
Please give me more and I won't dump thank you.
Pajeets gonna Pajeet man.
4477868Anyway can someone explain the point of this coin?
What gives it value?
It's a privacy coin with machine learning elements on the ERC 20 blockchain.
It's the first of its kind and the Dev is an work horse who knows how to maintain a community.
I think this things going to explode after the ICO.
Cool I'll set a buy order.
Might as well invest 30 bucks
This was partially airdropped so someone will probably fill a really low buy order to make a quick buck right?
(*´ω｀*)Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」We develop and publish EA (automatic trading tool) of FOREX.
http://aqwsed123.blog.jp/
I doubt it.
Most of the people who got the airdrop either don't know that it's listed on ED or are holding because they want to sell it after it hits exchanges.
You'll probably have to eat a sell order.
Nice just got airdropped more.