If you sell this before it partners with coinbase you are deluded.
They will have an integration with coinbase.
Why is this?
Coinbase is the thing for normie crypto.
Now imagine something like paypal.me but for crypto.
That's what req will work on with coinbase.
They are basically already in talks with each other because req is in YC and coinbase was in the '12 session.How does yc work?
They accelerate startups by mentoring them with knowledge and connections of successful YC startups.
So they are probably already in talks with them to integrate this into coinbase for an "on demand payment request in crypto directly delivered to your coinbase account".So then you can do coinbase.me/yourusername and have people donate you money.
You can send other users payback requests.
Set up simple webshop checkouts and so forth.Remember, you heard it here first.
When the general public is going to realize it, you will already be too late.
Is it gonna dip?
Fuck, I was tempted to buy at 0.048 dollars, now I don't want to FOMO in
Oh it wont, the best thing is just to fomo in now.
I don't know man.
All I can say is that we are raising in volume, pace and media attention for a week straight now.
Get in now man.
There is still time.
The price is crazy low.
I have heard rumors of launching collosus tomorrow along with bitrex listing if thats true this shit is going to pluto.
depends.
if the news tomorrow is shit then i expect a dip.
Buying in at over $1 is FOMO.This thing is CHEAP thanks to the BTC/BCH drama.
How does yc work?
They accelerate startups by mentoring them with knowledge and connections of successful YC startups.
So they are probably already in talks with them to integrate this into coinbase for an "on demand payment request in crypto directly delivered to your coinbase account".Do we really have any information on the level of YC involvement with the REQ team?For all we know, they could have just given them $1000 bucks.
it'll dip after tomorrow.
trust me on this.
the week before their bi-weekly update there's always a pump so people buy in.
make sure to buy in on december 4th when it's at its lowest for the december 8th update.
He did zero research.
Stay out of anything that involves investing money.
And because people think they found a pattern, it will move the other way and that's up.
I keep hearing coinbase will be adding some alts to its exchange in early 2018 but i cant find any evidence outside of /biz/ Any sources or is this pajeet-news?
yup, i bought in earlier this week and i'm up about 50%.
i'll probably sell tonight before the update.
it doesn't matter if the update is good or bad, people will sell.
so just wait for a dip.
You can sell your 10k REQs, the market wont care.
But don't regret it and FOMO back in, okay?
you're saying REQ is going to keep going up?
are you fucking delusional?
you holders fucking disgust me.
i'll sell and buy back in at the dip and gain more of my REQ stack.
Jokes on you I sold it all yesterday at 685 sats.
Do i look like i would care?
I don't chase the 10% gains, like you brainlet.
Do you know what event was 2 weeks ago ( BCC )?
And so you see how the alt markt is right now?
I know that you have a PhD in trading and 200 IQ, so go for it.
Nothing can go wrong since you are in profit.
Any decision is right.
i just don't want my reqbros to become like the linkmarines.
they didn't sell at the top and have been getting rekt daily with no end in sight.
you're literally mentally unstable if you don't sell before the update.
We can start thinking about selling @ 150 mill market cap.
It might, it might not, but im holding for the long term and honestly its a toss up whether it will go higher or lower.
2 weeks ago REQ was on the verge of a huge breakout but then BCC started pumping and BTC nosedived which killed off any momentum it had, this pump has been a long time coming from a coin which has been oversold for a long time so id prefer hodling than a possibility of missing gains.
comparing REQ to LINKstay poor.
The market cap potential for this is on the order of hundreds of millions to billions.
You think a 40m cap is overbought?
Just fucking kek
You are basing your trading decision on a one time event?
And now you throw in another shitcoin?
It happened 2 weeks ago, so it has to happen again?
Wasting my time with you right now.
Just sell - gz, you made 100$ profit.
I am out, anyway i hope you will make it anon.
Everyone can make it.
:)
rsi indicates it's literally overbought right now so expect a mini dip.4529104yeah, i have high hopes for this coin long term too but i also know when to lock in my profits.i've made 25k profit by buying and selling this pattern.
i can't wait to do it again on the 4th.
Did you even try googling?https://www.gdax.com/static/digital-asset-framework-2017-11.pdf
And btw REQ meets all the criteria
hahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahhahaha
Yuuuuuuuge
inb4 Y Combinator pasta AAAAAAAAAAAAA SOMEONE POST THE PASTA
Not bad.
This doesn't say anything about adding new coins soon you fucking idiot
Sold the peak earlier, and as I thought, it is dumping hard.
Will buy back in tomorrow morning.
I always wonder in posts like these why the person doesn't cap the actual sell order instead of the graph.
It takes the same amount of time.
Dunno what you get outta larping.
At what price should I buy in?
bye bye friendo, shittiest time to sell literally ever jelly handed moron
Because no one cares.
If you must know, missed the mark by about 5%
>mfw there's people falling for that obvious bear trapIf someone had actual insider info they would wait till closer to the update
Coinbase already said they won't be adding ICO coins because of all the uncertainty with the potential regulations from the SEC.
Sorry to burst your bubble.
They are adding RC20 tokens
Eth is an ico coin
Ha it's gonna be back to there in an hour.
It's literally 20 ETH to your sell price.
FOMO back in lad.
Scratch that it's only 10 ETH.
Well that's a lie.
Coinbase stated that they would add coins that serve a legitimate purpose and that have a genuine demand and decent product.
So if REQ's product is used and is people like it, then they will add it.
Most likely not to coinbase, but to GDAX
WHY IS GOING DOWN IF THERE O NEWS YET?
FUCKING WEAK HANDED PAJEETS SELLING?
ETH till JUST mode engaged.
Could happen, but I suspect it will hit 15500 before that.
(my buy point)
there isn't any news.
It's a project update.
JUST mode is ready for launch.
Get ready for JUST mode.
Moon shot called off.
You might have played these cards correctly.
Congratz.
Nothing lost by waiting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZwMfC-0DO8Here's my source.
I don't think Coinbase is going to risk it unless it's absolutely clear a token is not a security and we won't know that until the SEC clarifies it for us.
There's no public disclosure of how much and how YC is invested in REQ.
https://blog.ycombinator.com/the-new-deal/The autism is real in this thread
Shits dumping yo
120KThat's peanuts...
So it's basically a sham.
k seed is decent, they normally invest in the series A as well
one of the stupid things i've read all weekthe entire fucking opportunity is lost by waiting you goddam mouthbreathing retardyour future, your wealth, indepence, happiness and literally EVERY SINGLE REASON WHY YOU'RE hear is all lost.
Opportunity is not a tangible asset.
I'll take my gains, or in this case 10% more Req any day.
are you guys high?
This shit doesn't even have a working product, what fucking GDAX?
>hurrdurr it's gonna keep going up even though rsi indicated overboughti fucking warned you guys it was going to dip.
why didn't you listen?
you could have sold when i told you and bought this dip for a bigger stack.
Colossus launches in q4 2017.
The devs are ahead of schedule.
They will announce it either this update or next.
Its coming.
Moon soon.
4532150You're talking about peewee day trader-tier faggot fluctuations.Go chase POWR or some similar shitcoins.