
Free ark while supplies last classicdelegate.biz/faucet
>implying everybody isn't quietly filling their bags right now
I love that faucet so much.
Rolled two 9950+ today
Rolled two 9950+niceeeeeare there any other ark faucets?
FUUUUUCK DO I PUT ANOTHER 500 USD INTO MY ARK WALLET OR NOT GOD I RHINK I SHOULD BUT I DONT CAUSE IM WAITING FOR A BIGGER DIP WHEN BTC RISES AGAIN OH GOD WHAT DO I DO
All it does it tank in value over the past 3 months, you're still buying this garbage coin hoping it'll go to $5?
Thats not even a 100% gain.
I made more than 500% on altcoins already so why should I buy ARK so I can wait next year until it hits $5?
mfw this shit gets listed on GDAX in Q1
What does it matter if it hits 5$?
That doesn't make sense.
Sats could be closer to like 130k-150k.
3x, 4x, 5x your btc.
If it spikes again, it'll be alot more than 2x gains and so you sell it for.more btc.
I don't understand why people say it's going to 5$.
Is that considering a gigantic btc dip?
Put my profits from ETH from the last couple of days into ARK.Only hit 200 now though.
buy ark
just to say ARK has been in a downtrend for a very long time now, many other coins too.
So why do you guys keep buying this bleeding coin up?
can someone post the link to the faucet?is it worth my time if im already staking 2.5k?
are there any other ark faucets?Nope.
biz_classic is the only delegate worth a damn
.
you can never have enough ark2.
it isnt even close to being finished3.
this might shock you but theres people that have disposable income they can invest in whatever they please4.
meme magic5.
daytrading is a meme
I already have 1200 ark.
Maybe I'll keep this 500 USD free for attempting shorter term day trading crap or whatever to try and.learn more.
I may still sink it into ark when it's climbing that ascent to the next peak.
Look at its chart zoomed out.
Add to that the approaching releases of mobile wallet and business something.
Release mobile wallet and a few upgradesYou're expecting this to go x3 heck even x2 because of this?
Most it'll go is 20% thats all and come back down.
The hype for ARK is gone, long gone.
ARK MOON IMMINENT.
Nigga are you literally retarded?Mobile wallets and business entity will bring it to 10$ this fucking year
I'd rather expect it go 100x.
The ark is.leaving whether you buy or miss out.
Fomo while you drown, nerd.
I won't be able to save you even with my gold plated yacht named the ark.
Can you please stop making me laugh?
xplease neck yourself, almost no one will use ARK when it finished its development
OH FUCK WERE GONNA BE RICH 150K SATS CONFIRMED thank God for MOBILE WALLETS UNCLE CHANG WHERE ARE YOU
That was a typo.
I meant 1000x
wow u guyz r dum y wud u buy a coin that goez down???
i only by coinz that hav alredy ben going up for weeks
what is buying low and selling high/biz/ is full of retards I swearIt's not even in a "low" right now
This guy gets it.Why would you buy a down coin?
That means it's cheap Chinese shit.
Go for the higher priced coins.
You get what you pay for.
If you want a quality coin you have to pay for a quality coin.
Buy cheap get cheap.
ThisI only buy the most expensive coins, because that means they're the best and will make me the most money.
4532714lmao
4532714The logic is solid
That's just obvious.I can't believe people think otherwise.
Get out of the crypto game if you are buying stupid Chinese coins rofl.
4531928I'm brand new to crypto.
I'm a succesful day trader but want to learn this shit.
Can anybody help me with a tl;dr or a link for a tl;dr of this?I get that ark is another crypto, but is this shit safe to do through this "faucet"?
I've always kept the faith.
You want to end up like this guy?
its too low imma wait until its high before I buy>REEE I BOUGHT HIGH AND IT WENT DOWN WTF I LOST MY MONEY>REEE WHY DID THAT HAPPEN/biz is actually rough sometimes.
So I should buy ETH or LTC instead?
Whichever one is closer to the top of a spike.
If you see it already going.down the slope that's the one to buy.
as long as they only have your payment address nothing scary can happen.
you can post that shit anywhere.
Since I think you're being genuine, I'll only tell you to lurk more and make that decision yourself.
If you listen to /biz/ you will just be shilled or memed on.As for the faucet, all it does it let you roll for free ARK (normally once every hour but now every 30 mins for thanksgiving), it's completely safe.
I am being genuine.
Like I said, I'm successful at stock trading.
I'm not jumping into anything, which is why I'm asking these things.
I've always viewed crypto as extremely volatile and """fake""" with a hint of possible genuine form of currency(only a few.
The rest will die out.)
I'll be lurking more as usual.
I guess I'm just now getting serious about trying it out.
I think it's greed honestly.
Controlled greed though.
I think it's greed honestly.You can't be good at your job without a little.
You're gonna make it man, don't worry.
This is true.
I had a chance to buy $10k of btc back in 2011, but didn't because I never thought the government would allow it.
I'd be doing lines of coke off of gold plated stripper pussy if I had
4533034I just dont wanna miss out on the next moon mission
As a new Arkie that faucet is... [pic related]
I've been buying in constantly since 80k Someone fucking help me I'm so far in the red it's not even funny
How many days does it take for Bittrex to answer a support ticket?Been days now, the withdrawal to my wallet was orphaned all I need them to do it resend it.
Just be patient and hodl.
How much ark do I need in my wallet to actually get payouts from biz_classic?
.1
Any amount.
If you don't make the 1.1 Ark minimum for payouts to get sent your balance rolls over and puts into pending until you do.This is laid out in our FAQ: https://classicdelegate.biz/faqBtw, another classic voter just accumulated over 25k Ark and graduated to biz_private.
biz_classic is now much less diluted it was before so everyone's payouts should be going up.
What are the payouts for Private?If i keep inside the limit with 24999 ark, vs 25001 ark in private.
What would the daily/weekly payouts be?
Are they increased or is the private delegate simply so the smaller one isnt crowded?
>It's a'ight nigga, you gon' make it through brotha.>Just keep yo mind on yo money, get yo' stacks, fuck bitches, you know, do yo' thang dog
Anyone had something similar happen?
Private pays 95%.
The remaining 5% gets sent to classic to fund the faucet.Classic pays 90%Classic whales move over to private to reduce dilution in classic and get a higher payout in private.Private also has a 500k beluga whale that occasionally moves his ark to his 1M Ark+ wallets to reduce his stake in private as more people join, which reduces dilution on private.
I just googled beluga whales.
I thought they were much larger than they really are.
Thanks for the information.Can you also clarify the payout for legacy accounts on Classic?
Is there no advantage to that anymore?
beluga whalesLOL I thought those must be the biggest whales ever then
I got 52 ARK
There's no advantage to legacy accounts anymore ever since we switched out of our "communist" payout structure.
There might be in the future but we don't know yet.pls no bully
This is a Beluga whale right here
There's no advantage to legacy accounts anymoreBragging rights.
"I was there"
Keep talking shit and I will fuck you up with my volume
I hold 5k ark.
How do I compare to others in biz_classic?
Oh okay.
A little letdown by that, but I understand your reasoning.Side Note: Keep up the good work.
You guys have been great for the community and Ark in general.
It doesn't matter how you compare to others individually.
If the pool has 2 people, a blue whale with 1.4M ark and you with 5K, you are 0.3% of the pool and will get 0.3% of the rewards.
That 1.4M can be a single wallet or be 1.4M 1 Ark plankton, it doesn't matter.
The only thing that matters is how you compare to the rest of the pool as a whole.If you want to see how much you'll get paid with 5K ark, you can use our calculator: https://classicdelegate.biz/calculator
Spot on with your marine comparisons now, I see you
Oh shit man don't dump on me, you will reduce the price by 1 whole sat!
You're fucking done, hope you have a friends place to stay at when you go bankrupt :)
tfw only half my ark is staking because can't withdraw other half from bittrex without verifying.
kek, he's a sperm or gray whale
AAAHHHHH SHHHEEEIIITTTTT
Hey can I get a link to the discord?
There's a link on your dashboard
I just realized I've been making around $80 a month staking my 5k ark.
Not bad desu senpai.
If it goes to $10, that's $250ish a month of passive income.
right why would you want to buy something cheap lmaobuy high sell low am I right guy?
Accumolate while you can (HST) - Horizon State
Seeing a lot of people shilling HST around here, any particular reason I should be investing?
Newfag hereHow do I transfer my accounts over from Coinbase to Blockfolio?For some reason I thought you could buy everything on coinbase...
Kek
I’m feeling good today with HST gains so imma be polite.Blockfolio is only an app for tracking your portfolio.
And there is no Exchange with all coins
Thanks for the help
Oh right I’m with you,So how do go about buying Ark?
Fucking pajeet you mean.
Christ, learn to read maybe?
You'll have to make an account on an exchange that lists ark (binance or bittrex have highest volume) then send your bitcoin/ethereum to the wallet on the exchange, if you haven't sent before find your balance on the exchange and click deposit to get your address.
Then when that's gone through you can trade it for arkidc if this is spoonfeeding, all are welcome aboard
Transfer BTC to Bittrex or Binance.
Buy Ark with said BTC
But eth from cuckbase sent it on biance buy arkfrom ark eth pair sent ark to wallet vote for del for 10% gains from stacking
Next moon missions are ARK, REQ and LINK.DO your own research, delude yourself into a vision of 100x gains and only then buy.
ARK is the comfiest tho.
Thank you my man, I really appreciate that helping hand.
LMFAO you're gonna get Joost'd real quick
is this blockfolio is an exchange thing becoming a meme?
wtf biz
formation of business entity now at 99%