Anybody else holding this?
I have 15kPrice predictions?
When will it hit a $1 per token?
Not this year.
I feel like $0.75 will be possible by Q2 2018.
why is bitcoin going up again and fucking all the alt?is there a reason?
We should hire some LINK superintendents and investigate this shitcoin.
It has to be price manipulation like LINK on binance.
Right?
RIGHT?
Yep all in.
$5 on collosus release next month then $20 on mainnet release + passive comfy staking gains
Oh god.
The retarded price predictions again5Billion market capped confirmed by mr anon number 
WE ARE REQ MARINES!!
!WE WILL NOT SELL!
Retarded why?
Think bigger.
This isnt a fucking skateboard meme coin.
Yeah right a layer on top of the Ethereum blockchain will be worth 1/6 of it in the next month.
:)
I think $0.50 by march next year could happen.
EXTREME AGGRESSION™
DELUDED
My orders >:)
I head YC was extremely aggressive.
Is tgis true?
Holding a lot of req, comfy.I believe it will x3 (about 0,15-0.2$, depending on eth) with testnet release before the end of the year.Then it will more or less double in value with every miilestone.
1$ by q4 2018 is a conservative estimate.
it's not sure they will stay on top of the ETH network.
and even if they do what's wrong with that?they are also using other blockchain tech like 0x and Aragon.Why try to build your own shit when you can make use of things out there?This is why they deliver so fast.
they don't fuck around inventing the wheel over and over again.
Yep, considering getting more before it moons.I have a good feeling about the upcoming releases and partnerships.
I don't argue about the ETH Network is whether good or bad, but it's clearly mental to predict something would go 1/6 of the blockchain it is built on.
IN ONE FUCKING MONTH:
First, you assume that ETH is not going to increase in value ever again?
Deluded.Second, it is not difficult to migrate to your own blockchain once the testnet is running and the POC is done.
ok. yeah some people are deluded.
no pls stop tanking the price ;_;whale-kun PLS
can you delete this post OP?
Probably the closest to a real estimate: eight cents.This "revolutionary" tech has been out for over a month AND STILL BELOW ICO.
What's another month gonna do?
Shoot the price up 5x?
Hell no.Look at XLM.
It's the same or less even though it has a partnership with mothafucking IBM and req has fucking nothing.+40% by EOY If things go well.
IF
whale-kuni hope youre joking, he literally is only selling like 2k coins, thats like 10 bucks maybe, he isnt a whale
You might be right that REQ wont shoot up x5.
Time will tell us, but no need to shill your XLM bags.