Their plan all the time was to kill btc and replace it with bcashThis was (((their))) plan>Allow to segwit with the condition of 2mb blocks later on>create an unkillable (eda) version of btc centralized af and pump it from korea>paid shills fills the Internet with "muh satoshi vision" "muh tx fees" "muh old technology" so users accepts bcash widely before 2mb upgrade >implement b2x and as bitcoin nodes gets stuck pump it from Korea and dump a whole lot of it>people panic sells their btc as network failed and market crashed >New DAA kicks in bcash and now it's less retarded (DAA is still retarded)>people buys bcash like it's gold>epic winIn the end, their plan failed when someone actually took a look at Jeff Fagzik job and stopped it, so last week pump from worst Korea failed Today (((they))) are dumping btc to avoid it from a new ath putting a the last nail to the coffin to their planThis weekend is the last clash
I can't believe that I need so self-bump but the amount of paid shillers flooding the board is huge
don't see any inside info here, just another (((blockstream))) shill.
The (((blockstream))) shill cries out in pain as he strikes you.
Nice conspiracy theory.Holy fuck core cucks are terrified, it's glorious.
great summary, that lays it out there.
anyone watching the exchanges and biz during that pump knows this was coordinated
Yeah so afraid of this
4417114it's designed to kill minority chains you brainlets
Time to ditch legacy bitcoin and to adopt bitcoin OP
What does dis mean.
Should I go all into bcc now.
Or about the fact that now that the new DAA makes it have almost no hash despite being profitable?
Yeah I'm so scared of dumping a piece of shit at 1800$ last weekend on roger and Mr fuckyourmother
Forgot pic

it was designed to make cash not die right after the fork because nobody would have mined it
we are in agreement, I was talking about the btc algo
oh ok, sorry I missunderstood
(((they))) are supporting btc you fucking moron
The DCG supported S2X you fucking faggot.
It was Blockstream and Core that stood up and rejected Jeff's shitty code.
I'm glad someone else sees it.
The tide is now drawing back as far as they can force it to, market-wise.
We're about to witness a tsunami
BCH pump nao?
more dead cat bounces all the way down.
bag holders dumping until only the completely deluded remain
I predict a massive coordinated pump over the weekend as this is their current MO (actually it's already begun).
Yes it will be them playing both sides so if you're going in, tread lightly.
Should run til ~Sunday afternoonish on China's clock but I wouldn't stick around that long
Not massive, as now the cards are on the table, fake walls gets eaten
I don't know anything about this stuff, but I know that Bcash is stealing all the money that used to go to alts after a major btc rally...and it seems to be doing it again.
The alts people need to kill this piece of shit.
https://youtu.be/0oRztlYRH2sThe real ad confirms what I just wrote
Roger spend a lot of money on radio ads and he is pumping it like the normies went inStupis