Making money is so fucking easy.Thanks Emphy.
I'll be enjoying 10x gains within a day or two.
fucking LMAO
slavspass
im gonna get slav'd arent i
punkass Ilya can't even look at the camera
where buy?
>coordinated shillpassed.
etherdelta
arent slavs some of the smartest people in the world?
Nikola Tesla?
If it werent for him this market wouldnt even exist let alone the internet
btw i went all in on this coin when it was first shilled and i doubled my money, smart thing right now is to cash out but im very confident this will be 4x when i wake up so its staying.
same, good night anon
south slavs are a different race than these east slav scum,  serbia =/= russia you fucking bot peddling, election destroying piece of shit
what does it do that airbnb doesn't?
Not everything is suited to blockchain.
So Serbia is the good one your saying?
That's cool they are very smart and beautiful peopleAlso went all in on this bitch watching my money go up.
Haven't felt this in a long fucking time thanks to the forks and shit
lellow mcap + solid team = 10xshill or not, getting people to know about it.
this is still early.
twitter doesnt even know yet.
The economic model of Emphy is based on the constant circulation of EmphyCoin in thesystem, as well as the stable demand for crypto currency from users side.
The receivedcommission, first of all, should cover the company's operating expenses, ensure development and stimulate active expansion in the market.For buyers and holders of EmphyCoin, the economic benefit is formed by the price growth of the token, which has real application, value and is the currency unit in the ecosystem.
The price growth of the token will occur primarily as the number of ecosystem users increases.
The limited availability of tokens will help to support the rate of the crypto currency.
Tourists and travelers will always need our tokens to pay the rent, these people will be the driving force that has a constant demand for EmphyCoin.
not even fucking reddit lolyou have to be a retard to not buy right now.
wtf are you taking about?
it's mooning
What's the name on ED?
EPY
Loool enjoy buying a shitcoin at 3x ICO price.
When its the only promising coin above ICO price that says a lot doesnt it?
How is this Eastern European team going to deliver a product that ANYONE would want to use over AirBNB in the next 2 years?
Why does this service require decentralisation?
Lower fees?
Lool AirBNB isn't even that bad fees wise.
A lot of projects have iffy real life applications but this one raised so little because...that's (more than) what it's worth.
I would buy some if it wasn't 3x ICO price because of low market cap, which is the only reason to buy this shitcoin.
But I'm not going to risk holding bags of shit from ICO buyers at this price.
You guys still have a chance of making money of it if people just blindly look at cap, which often happens.
Good luck.
you guys are shilling this too hard
This desu.Some /biz/tards don't even realize that they are lucky to be the first ones to discover this gem.
Once the normies on reddit and twitter find out, Emphy would skyrocket.>Easy concept to understand for normies>Professional team with MBA graduates and even PhD dev>Currently very undervalued with low market cap
looks like a bunch of goobs
Zap is going to the moon!
Yeah, Russians are the worst slavs.
drumpfy blown the heck out

>Emphysema is a long-term, progressive disease of the lungs that primarily causes shortness of breath due to over-inflation of the alveoliPretty good representation of a cancer website showing a blank page with javascript disabledIf you can't webdev, which is one of the easiest things in the world, how could you successfully make a cryptocurrency work, one of the hardest things in the space?
this is Monetha all over again.
don't give your money to the fucking slavs