>the stock market is safer than cryptoI've lost most of my life's savings listening to you cucks.
dam 16k in waves or lisk, or even bitcoin would get you prolly 1million, you suck fucking faggot, time to start saving, spending less than you earn, and investing the rest in markets or crypto's in which you are educated in again.
tradecuck btf, buy index funds
listening to strangers on 4chan
 >stocks Boomer pls go
listening to /biz/A significant chunk of the crypto shill threads are pajeets trying to scam you.
Do your research and you'll be fine.
I've turned $700 into $1,400 since May just throwing a little into stable cryptos each month.
I don't sell, but if I did I'd have even more since I can smell impending corrections.
I signed up, received a free apple stock, cashed out.
Easiest $171 I've ever made.
I work under the assumption that EVERYONE is lying to me here.
Pajeets, non-pajeets, whites, jews, whatever.
Everyone has some agenda they're pushing, or else they're just naive, deluded cultists of some flavor or another.
I swear this place... ENTERTAINMENT ONLY kids.
Every thread that is not overtly a shill of some kind, every topic just becomes a platform for people to jump on and push whatever they're pushing.
There is almost no genuine open discussion about anything.
It's really like gibbering.
What the fuck am I even doing here lol?
Late at night there can a little bit of discussion, otherwise?
Fuck.
BCH will fucking moon and dip low enough for me to buy.
Screeshoot this
hehehe exactly
the stock market is safer than cryptoWhat?
Well that's wrong.
It depends entirely on the stock you choose, the stability and potential for growth of the company.
On regular stock market I always go with big established companies which have every indication of being on the rise.
No penny stocks, no alternative startups that could, maybe, break in to the market.
I live in Canada and right now have stock in just three companies: Canopy Growth corp (marijuana), Aurora Cannabis (also marijuana but more emphasis on medical for the moment), and a small amount in HIVE Blockchain ltd (they mine ETH and a couple other smaller alts).
The first two should see moderate to large growth through 2018.
HIVE is a gamble but I like the company and the way it is run, and it could perhaps see exponential growth in short term.
he fell for the stock market memeThere are computers who are doing million transactions every single day and you srs thought you could win against that?
LOL
Like this is not going on in crypto?
Another assumption I am operating under is that this shit is manipulated 10 ways to sunday.
Exchanges, tether, whales, other bots, all of it.
It's been that way for a while, there's nothing new going on today.
someone have to pay our profits
the crypto market has even more botting as it's not regulated lolyou can still get lot of gains nonetheless
so how many LINKs did you buy Anon?
A lot of us are trying to give good advice, we get laughed at though.
crypto trading is bots exploiting bots exploiting algo bots, lmao if you think otherwise
Crypto whales proportionally hold a greater share of all the coins then the elites do with USD.
Exactly.
So the manipulation is really worse in crypto.
Still possible to make money tho, but not by listening to anything said here.
It's never helped me honestly.
Only my own efforts, research, and learning, and hard knock experience has helped me.
How bad are you?
What the fuck did you put your money in?
here's the numbers if anyones interested - the top 1% hold 1 in every 2 BTC
Who is the cuck?
The cuck or the cuck who believes him.
>stock pickingBuy and sell Indices you retardActually, the big bull run is over, you missed out
it is a scam, after all
interesting, is there a website keeping track of this in real time?
There is a caveat here.
Btc held by exchanges aren't shown and skews the numbers considering cold wallets and satoshi's is estimated to have had mined 1 million bitcoins which is more then 5% of the total in existence.
most coins that arent total garbage have 10x-20-50x in the past yearif you lost money you should just kys