>Made 2.3 million dollars off of crypto>Go to the bar and no girl is interested>Go to the mall and no girl is interested>Go to some group meetups and no girl is interested>Go to some small parties and no girl is interestedI held a girls hand and kissed her on the cheek when I was ~15, but now at 26 I can't find anyone.
Please help.
sauce?
HOLD you fuckJust wait a few years and the sex bots will come, they will be more glorious than any >real woman can provide
Its not just about money, it's also status and value in society.
Social networking is really important and also having a decent presentation
>made a PhD in math and didn't get any till my mid twenties>one day, started to work out and watch 50 pickup videos>got lots of pussy for 3 years straight>got sick of it with 30, got out of shapeI have a good job now, and don't really care.
This story just tells me you gotta actually enjoy picking girls up.
Being as slim as possible helps too.As soon as my mentality was like>I don't want to fuck another slutty 18yo off Tinderthen I also didn't get any anymore.
"vibe" and "mindset" doesn't seem to be a meme.
Do a plastic surgery then, you're probably ugly.I wish a had as much money as you, it would fix all of my problems, don't even care about having a gf at this point
you must be ugly as fuck or super autistic.
hire a stylist to pick your clothes for you and go to clubs and spend a bunch of money on bottle service.
or better yet just go to a brothel and bang tons of hookers.
I recommend berlin, prague, or bangkok.
Pls give me some money :(BTC: 1NbdmFWqKhDPNUA4tg8EvAFn3Hxm39WMHp
YOU ARE FELT BEFORE YOU ARE SEEN.watch RSD videos correct your posturevalue yourselfcome to vancouver lets trade crypto and hang out, i can help you out.neeL_32@hotmail.com
Ignore the money for a second.Would a qt girl want to be seen with you?Would she feel protected by you?Would her friends be happy for her or say "you could do better" or "who the fuck is that loser"Would she feel like you could have a friendly conversation with your friends?Answer these questions honestly and realize that physical attraction and social status/skills get your foot in the door.
Girls like altruistic guys.Send me some money and screenshot it to show the next girl you meet.1UDyN8Fz4dtrnAYJY9xcq7S3MQaFYirA5
This OP Its just not worth it when you've been doing it a long time, women are not worth the hassleYou are imagining women that don't exist, in reality women are annoying to be around, and unless you put up with their retard antics you will get tired of them eventuallyEven the most beautiful, cutest girl you've met is a bitch to be around constantlyFocus on the bigger picture
>he thought money would get you girlskek
Holy shit, who is she?
in reality women are annoying to be around, and unless you put up with their retard antics you will get tired of them eventuallyThis.
If you need to settle down, find a dumpy low-IQ, human laundry machine who can content herself watching TV all day and leave you the fuck alone.
4453632ugly cope + low t cope
It does as long as you have at least a shred of personality and aren't a complete Quasimodo.Sucks to be OP.
bitcoin: 159jenyVTvXm6YuXsbnz9q2arnmK2mRM3B?amount=1as soon as it clears, within 1h u gettn pussy my guy, and is gonna keep w u
You money copers and RSD aspies are tiiiiring me.
Right but if you have personality and aren't hideous you can get girls without money, too.
If you're an extreme poorfag and can't buy even basic things like a reliable car, decent clothes, some entertainment money, you're gonna have a bad time, but the idea that you need millions to bed ladies is a meme created by NEETs to justify their forever-aloneness.
Take a good look at that chad.
Fine genetics, nice clothing, slick hair, and look at that husk next to him.
She looks like she hasn't eaten protein or worked out a single day of her life, just being fed shit because the next guy wanted to get in her pants, she never had to lift a finger.You think he has fun being around her?
Nah, he puts up with her shit to get the puss-puss when they go home and right after he cums he regrets spending the night when he could have made life-changing business investments in the 7 minutes he spent inside her
jaden smith?
Made a PhD in mathk starting
4453873Yeah I wasn't speaking for myself.
I'm pretty good looking but introverted.
I work a low-paying job at a grocery store and live with parents but I just slept with an 8/10.
Most regular girls don't care too much about your station in life when it comes to casual sex, they pick up on how much YOU care about it though.
If your personal life brings you down, they will sense it and look elsewhere.
This is the most virgin thing I've ever read.
platform shoes will get you closer to the magic 6ft height
>Girls like altruistic guys.Please explain more?
kys mong I'm pretty good looking>live with parents but I just slept with an 8/10.
LARP
Your retarded.
buy yourself a Porsche and start working out.
girls will be on your dick again.
4454089Suit yourselves kiddosYou're probably new to the game, a couple more years of pussy and you'll realize how worthless it all is
No he's actually right
Girls don't care about cares.
They only pretend to if they're already interested.
If they're not, mentioning your compensator is a turn off.
This applies to adults,I'm assuming we're all out of high school
*Care about cars
Be more fun.
Girls don't give a fuck about anything but feels.
24 now>been getting pussy before 18>continuing to get it with qt GFLow Test detected.
>buying highthe pussy market is gonna crash along with the global financial system and the emergence of ai sexbots, ladsjust hodl your crypto and in the next five years go long in pussy when the cultural breakout into traditionalism is confirmed and being a homemaking babyoven is all the rage
Chad here.
I've always sympathized with dudes who cannot get chicks for reasons largely outside of their control... but last night I went out to a bar for someone's birthday, and in our larger group was some nasty, 5 feet tall, squeaky voiced, genetic dead-end jew virgin midget, and while some part of me would reflect about how difficult it must be to wake up every day and actually be this fucking faggot, I just wanted him to disappear or better yet, drop dead.
He was just viscerally disgusting in every way.All that to say that if any of you touchless kissless virgin NEETs are anything like this, what the fuck is wrong with you.
Get it together please.
Get off your asses and stop being so genetically disgusting.
24Damn what a big strong man you are.
You must drink mommy's milk every day to get that strong!
s-sorry c-chad
Find an expensive hobby Make friends with rich young trust fund dudesfuck their friends or - hire a booth at a club, buy some meme champagne, sit in their by yourself like a fucking boss.
Bitches will come to you.
Give me 1 Bitcoin and I will perform a de-haunting ritual on you.Not even kidding.
You probably have the evil-eye on you from jealous people.What is 1 BTC to you?17qSyWHDWMToGc7kUUMvuaxnpSWNjoBYTd
watch out anons its gorilla arm girl
people with 2.3 mil don't get there by being retarded and throwing away money.
or - hire a booth at a club, buy some meme champagne, sit in their by yourself like a fucking boss.
Bitches will come to you.
Pagan purification rituals only take 15-16 minutes and aren't fake.Try not being American for once.
OP, I can teach you jiu-jitsu if you're in SoCal.Srs.
go buy a suit, get a haircut, trim your nails, get a table at a club, should'nt be a problem desu
Still jellyLmao stay mad.
That's what sugardaddy websites are for, anon.
look for a distant cousin or relative.
very close family friend.nobody else deserves you anon, dont bother.