Bitcoin Cash failed.Remember when you were absolutely sure about the flippening a week ago?
winter is coming, and u should be prepared.
Still have about 0.5.
Suggesting what to trade in for it?
I'm considering ARK or ETH.
I bought in at 400$ so I still made some profits.
>anime poster
Remember when you were absolutely sure about the flippening a week ago?I was one of the few people who knew it was a P+D shitshow (although the biggest we've ever seen).
I tried warning a lot of forum monkeys, but they were too high on their own farts to care I enjoyed the inevitable pink wojaks.
Well deserved.
This Friday will be bloody , bought at 0.1 sold at 0.35, bought at 0.11, sold at 0.16.This Friday will probably be the last time you see it under 0.3
I have some just in case it didn't.
11/25
It's 4x the price it was a month ago, corecucks are fucking lobotomized
Not as many pink wojaks as it should have been.Because retards are still deluded.
this anime girl is cute.
is it a trap?4chanThe only people lobotomized are those shilling only cash or core.
Most people who are in crypto at this stage are either indifferent or researching the arrogant opinions of both sides
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to be good backThe first ten posts to get dubs after this post will get 1 btcWill check thread in the morning and send to the lucky winners
Everyone delusionally spouting this, never given contextI can make random predictions too
lmao kys
Yesterday somebody said: "today at 8:30 be prepared to sell your BTC because BCH blah blah blah"and then at time BTC broke $8k
They don't deserve knowledge.
Don't give it to them.
> He thought BCC which has only been out for months can overtake BTC which has been out for a decade over a weekendBrainlets never change.
The flippening is supposed to be a gradual process in adoption, not a P&D market ploy.
I'm a hard core malarkey and as such I want ya'll fags benefit so you put more money into ark.Miners will cuck up BTC by the end of the week , much more so than the last time, Roger will act in that time-frame also.
People lie to me on an anonymous Mongolian basket weaving forum, therefore anything anyone here says can never happen.k