Ok Pajeets I’m sick of seeing you all shill Power Ledger and have it turn into another Chainlink when it dumps.Google Transactivegrid and L03 energy and you will see the work these have been doing for the last 2 fucking years!Watch this interview https://youtu.be/aIR8IOpT_fg and you will understand why peer to peer energy trading is NOT POSSIBLE with the current infrastructure and why their agent device is actually crucial to it working in the future.
Not to mention that it is more secure than a ledger nano s and will be the first consumer device powered with crypto that the average person can use without needed to know anything about crypto.Not enough?
PL are doing a tiny trial in a suburb of Perth between 4 apartment buildings.. LOL.
Same with their “talks” of projects in India, only for NEW developments.
Basically need to rebuild a city to work with their system.Grid+ is rolling out their first stage to the whole state of Texas!
That’s 28 million people that can use this TODAY without changes to the infrastructure.Not convinced?
How about this MOU with Japan’s biggest energy provider to go ahead once Texas has proven successful?
https://www.coindesk.com/no-nuclear-japans-biggest-utility-turns-blockchain-power-pivot/amp/ Also have Innogy the largest energy provider in Germany ready to go as well.
Co-tri city partnership https://consensys.net/ventures/partnerships/Would you rather go with Joe Lublin (cofounder of Ethereum) and his team of the most experienced Ethereum developers or with Jemma and her subpar team who know they have nothing revolutionary and are just riding the PBC rumours which they probably spread themselves!Try searching for Grid+ in previous /biz threads and they all mysteriously seem to get closed.. something fishy going on here!
Something tells me OP has bags of grid+ but no powerledger ^^
Nice.
Just bought 100k
I saw GRID+ ICO didn't want to invest, Power Ledge is actually a better project, though doesn't mean GRID+ won't gain value though
Of course i have a bag of GRID, but this is crypto and its all about Buy the rumour sell the news.
I wont be getting rid of my GRID bags but ill happily watch the POWR bags get dumped!
Why is Power Ledger a better project?
GRID clearly wants to offer peer to peer energy trading but they are smart enough to realise it cant be done right now.Every investing in POWR right now thinks blockchain was the reason why we couldnt uberise energy trading.
he says peer to peer energy trading is not possible.......while power ledger have had it WORKING in gated communities in perth for the last year
they wired up an entire retirement village with dozens of individual houses, and it works.what the fuck are you on about.
yes they are doing a project with 4 apartment buildings.. big woop!
Please explain to me how they will allow the whole of australia to do peer to peer energy trading?The fact that they have partnered with Origin Energy who is the retailer shows that it will not be a decentralized system.
Watch that video interview with Karl Kreder and you will see why they need to work with energy wholesalers instead
First to the market.
Transactivegrid is GRID+https://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/siemens-joins-growing-blockchain-bandwagon#gs.=Ob=0nk