Zencash is going to explode right ?The secure nodes are going to be released soon, maybe Wednesday at their biweekly update?Whales are always trying to suppress the price when it moves up by throwing sell walls.
There is actually 2 100 000 Zen in circulation, to run a node you need 42 Zen.3.5% is the reward for having a secure node up.
We can't lose money.
If the price skyrocket because everybody is running a node and that there is a lot less Zencash in circulation, you just have to sell.If the price doesn't moves it means that there isn't a lot of people running a secure node, then, just run a fucking node and you're making a lot of money.
If there is 1000 secures nodes running (42 000 zencash) One node is going to make 150$/month and more if the price skyrocket.How the fuck could I lose something ?
I'm fucking going all in
>zentrash
You must be a fucking huge idiotZcash IS NOT Zencash
Thank you for info.
I am also interested into running ZenCash masternode.
Should we invest into cloud storage somewhere or make home dedicated machine?
If I understand it correctly, you just need "server", not super highend mining machine with 9 GPU cards.Pls reply.
BTW, the ZENCASH's secure nodes are going to encrypt all the transactions, and the transactions aren't even going to be recorded in the blockchainand nobody will be able to know who have send what and which amount.A lot much better than Zshit and its 800 000 000$ marketcap
running ZenCash masternodeZencash secure node* And yeah you just need a VPS, one VPS per node.
If you want 10 nodes you need 420 zencash and 10 VPSIf you just want to run 1 node you need 42 zencash and 1 VPS with around 4gb of ram
Secure nodes aren't intended for making profit.
The rewards are just to compensate node owners for their costs in running the server.
If you're expecting big profits, you're doing it wrong.
You should be doing this for the good of the project.
But who is going to run a secure node if we can't earn anything ?Do you think anyone is investing in coins for their "projets" ?
All we want is money
Zencash is a piece of shit
Arguments ?
Thank you.
Now I undestand.
All we want is moneyMaybe you should try getting a job.
But I don't want to be a slave.
I will never get a job, NEVER