>Currently only on EtherDelta, exchanges coming soon>Total supply 15,375,000 EPY>Current price $0.30>So that makes the market cap ~4.6MM USDI'll leave this here and let you make your own decision, anons.
1 usd easily tomorrow
And $3 EOY.Finally a good buy after all these weeks of JUSTing.
finally got something early.first moon mission bois :)
doesn't it feel amazing lmaoso much FUD and hate on this board because people didnt listen 3 days ago.
btw total circulating supply is only around 6-7 million.
devs sent that information to CMC, wait for another big price increase when that updates.
Oh look its one of these threads.
Fucking this.
It's so stupid, I get it, this shit is probably vaporware and the fact that none of these guys have decent English doesn't help, but no one is here to fucking lend a helping hand -- we're all here to make money.
Profits, and that's exactly what this token has been giving if people listened when it started to shill days ago.Like how salty you have to be to not admit you missed out on a killing, as if anyone would go through the trouble of shilling on this board to sell "bags" worth fucking 0.3 ETH lmao
4306877I also got in early.
I had my doubt first, but then a quick look at their website convinced me that they are professionals and EPY is not a PnD shitcoin.
I honestly feel sorry for the people who immediately dismissed new informations before making their own research.So total circulating supply is only 6-7MM?
Holy fuck that makes it even better!Bro don't get salty 'cause you missed this yesterday.
Jump in now, we're just getting started!
there is only 7 million circulatingso ~2.3 million cap atm
4306927Oh look, another person who missed the 3x mission and is now going to miss the next 3x over the next 2-3 days.
Nice Bro.and yeah man, im currently at 4x profits and not selling.
no point.
not even 100k volume yet.
this shit gonna go to .002-.003 in no time.
$450k raised> $0.1 = 1 EPYIf now 1 EPY = $0.25 this should be 1.2m cap right?
wtf this is actually a huge opportunity
>He didn't buy ETP>He didn't buy DOVU>He didn't buy CFD>He's not buying EPYYea, people just don't like money.
Get on board the easy 2-3x every week train faggots
I find it a little odd that none of the devs smown on their site mention Emphy on their LinkedIn profiles....
Oh shit the pajeet detector we need, fucking message them