Are there any subscribers here?
Anyone care to talk about what happened yesterday?
What the fuck.
He sends out a pit teaser in the email, the website crashes, and after all that build up, he shills fucking DASH!?!?
I am bagholding 2 DASH now below buy up to price.
Anyone still holding?
Or did you guys just say fuck it and dump it?
What a mess this was, completely unacceptable.
Teeka owes his subscribers an apology.
On another note, I feel sorry for anyone who fell for the SLR and POT memes, glad I waited for the actual report to come out.
Get enlightened anon
I made a cool 3 Bitcoin riding the wave.
Enjoy the bags anon
I wont provide youbany proofs, as this weeks report was a very different one.
Basically it says to cash out through this week as major crash incoming.
How did you do that?
I saw the charts, it was impossible to buy in so fast.
It kept going up impossibly fast and fluctuating.
Which coin did you profit from?
Dash
yeah he got me, I subscribed.
Lost a little on pot after the hint I opened all weed coin charts and saw the pump so thought others must have gotten into the report.
Then f5 until report came out, bought dash for 66 only to see it drop.
That was stupid should have known not to get into it after it just pumped on the rumor.
Sold most at a loss, holding a few.
Total stack down 25%
I actually bought dnt lmao.then turned it into powr.
just waiting to flip it again to omg.
Kinda curious how much omg coins I lost following meme shills
this lol.all the subscribers are dumb as fuck.Paying a subscription of 2500 dollars for 2 yeas to get tipped on coins that the pump and dump confidential top already bought.
then you get dumped on.how fucking retarded are you?
How can we get in quicker, no market orders on bittrex.
I played with setting a super high buy price to try to mimic a market but then you can only buy with part of your stack.
Fair I'm a cuck for giving him $2500
I saw some youtubers claiming that they have the subscription.
lol.
FYI i do not.
good, you unlike the followers of pajeet pumper Teeka, will make it.
Yea but how did you buy so much dash (enough to profit 3btc) so fast?
Did you buy into an ask?
The fucking charts were a mess.
He bought prob last week with the Korean DASH Pump and was bagholding
4482204I bought market price immediately when I heard
Nice job I guess.
What did you get in and out at?
I’m bagholding at 69, I don’t know what I should do.
This really blows man.
Why would he pick a coin with such a high MC already.
What a faggot
/21/2017 12:47:31 AM 11/21/2017 12:47:26 AM Limit Sell 0.07988410
Nice but what was your buy in?