Who here has crypto as their /lastresort/?
I have spent as much time as I can getting better at day trading and also at spotting undervalued gems because I have literally nothing else in life to make me succeed.
I know many of us have completely failed at being social and trying to become educated enough for a decent job.
What is your plan if you fail at this?
I work and sportsbetting makes me money to survive easily but crypto is definitely my chance to stop working in a few years.
I have a job and only invest 10% of my savings in crypto (80% stocks, 10% cash).
Are people really going all in on this?
I'm not all in, about 33% in (~$100k in BitCoin).
The rest is in rental properties.
I do see crypto as my last chance though, I felt pretty hopeless before investing.
Took way too long wagecucking to get the property money; can't do it for much longer now.
Yes.
Not hard-working or smart enough for going through college and I have no friends to network with to get a job either.
This is literally my only shot at becoming middle class.
You better be funding some right-wing groups if you make it
Any tips to get better at day trading?
What is your plan if you fail at this?
Pol or troll?
Its all pattern recognition.
Just try and find points of resistance and support and buy accordingly.
Hey faggot, I'm in same shoes as you.
Do you have discord or skype, I'd love to discuss trading and upcoming alts.
What shoes, pajeet?
Fuck off.
Are you fucking retarded?
I just started day trading, made some nice profit trading ABCD patterns, but I'm very new to doing TA and have a lot to learn.
I'm also just learning and discussing, figuring out what the best strategy is to actually make it in these markets.
Right now I have come up with certain ideas, but it will take time to be sure if I'm correct with my observations/thinking.
Therefore, I want to discuss things and my logic, with someone that is ready to put and discuss their view also.Now fuck off, you pajeet.
Strapped in.
Life today is otherwise untenable because incentive has been carefully stripped away from most every path of life and most every possible endeavor by parasites which feed on your vitality and create markets to exploit your problems.Let them all burn with their fiat.
Time to take the cayenne pill and de-worm this mother fucker.
Bro to be honest even if i make it i might still kill myself
not interested in that sort of stuff, sorry.
But just keep doing what works, eventually you will find something that works 99% of the time in getting you money.
I only have 15% of portfolio because i'm a suspicious of new things luddite.
I know crypto will continue to rise for some time yet but i can't bring myself to slap down bigger percentages on it.
Right now most of my stocks are in Canadian weed.
Aurora Growth corp has been killing it the past couple weeks.