>tfw becoming some kind of day trading demi god Where were you when some internet shitcoins saved your life from wagecuckery and poverty?
i love ai-channo alt-coin has made me anything yet, i keep /biz/zing
you need to spend less time bizzing and more time studying, anon
how do i study the market?
what are some key features to look for?i've started writing a piece of software to do analysis on altcoins via the bittrex api but i have no idea what is of actual interest when it comes to the datai mean sure plot the price over time but what else?
buy orders, sell order?
derivative of price?
second order derivative of price?
What do you usually day trade?
Just so i can dump on you
What's a good exchange for day trading?
I assume you need to have instantaneous trades to be effective.
Are some faster than others?
Bittrex and Binance work fine for me.
Which do you use for what?
Studying mean nothing.
During recent ico's only one got a good flip and it's confido.
It's not the best coin at all and studying would make no difference.
This is luck.
Spread your money on ico (at least good ones) and pray for a flip.
Big ico projects are over for now (like req, link,cindicator)
bittrex has a billion different shitcoins and high volume, so use that.
The only real downside is that is has the highest fees I'm not going to tell you any of my hard earned strats, but learning how to read price action is a great starting point.
There's plenty of youtube videos on the subject >What do you usually day trade?I have a few allstar shitcoins that respect my rules nicely, but I usually just trade whatever is currently high volume/active.
Studying mean nothingt coinlet
wtf is price action
literally 2 seconds in google, anon-sama
What's a good site for monitoring prices in real time?
tradingview has almost every crypto as well as the entire stock market
low volume trader
thanks
how much time do you spending usually daytrading?
I have a full-time job and it's hard to find time for crypto
 I just want to earn $80 a day to finance my life> Have $1500 to speculateHow do I not lose money but gain during day trading
Check out ripple.
It is moving between $0.20 - $0.22 USD pretty steadily.
You can make about $80 with $1500 "if" you can buy at 20 cents and sell at 22 and repeat.
s via the bittrex api but i have no idea what is of actual interest when it comes to the data>i mean sure plot the price over time but what else?
buy orders, sell order?
derivativwhy the fuck would you do any of this shit.
this isn't your fucking calc 1 class.start off with plotting the longterm and short term emas and learn about mean reversion.
ok thanks