Hello there ya Pink Wabbajacks.So, today I want to help you.
Yes, I truly do.As you all know EtherDelta is a big pile of shit.
But as you all also know, there's pure diamants in that pile.
If you want to do X-gains, you'll NEED to dive into that shit, that's just how things are right now.
So, in order to ease you're task I can pinpoint one of those diamants - it's called The Horizon State Decision Token (HST).
Now, you obv need to DYOR, but from what I gathered it's a great project.
Fundamentals are there: > Existing company.
> Team and advisors are professional.
> Whitepaper solid.
> And the main thing is problem they are solving is ideal for blockchain solutions.
So everything is great.
But you'll say "I want my X fast".
And here's why I think you'll get it fast: - HST launched in october, - only traded on ED, - small marketcap, - under radar for most ppl, - nice afterICO dip, - in roadmap stated that listing on exchanges is first priority.
- And already it has much community to rely upon (telegramm group 1.7k ppl and growing).
So once HST hit at least binance it will moon so hard you'll get your X-s if you'll buy right now.
Anyway, I'll stop shill, like I said, DYOR, I just pointed out to good shit (DISCLAIMER: yeah, I obviously bought this coin, at 750k eth price, you can do it too right now)
Exchange announcement coming soon: https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/launch?hour=18&min=00&sec=00&p0=152&msg=HST+News%21&font=slab
Holy macaroni, I didnt even knew that.
So, time is short on this call
3 exchanges and big clients announced this month alone.
Good hype pick.
Yup, probably the best price you'll get it at on ED today too.
Sold some last night at .00088, rebought now at .00075
yea yea yea but will it reach 2$ by mid December
delet
Moon mission imminent?
Heading to ED right now
Gonna grab some, easy X3 here
30mil supply and loads of hype, potentially has governments as clients.
Token will have an actual use case so this is easily at least a dollar within the month, possibly 2 dollars by 2018.Looking forwars to their "big client" annoucements at the end of the month.
for a low cap coin - sure, it's possible.
I wont vouch for that, but it can go to 100 mil easy and that's more then 10x
who's knocking down those big sell walls?
You're a beauty.
Holding this gem long-term.
Best coin on ED right now.
Im expecting between a 3x-5x by end of the year
This can’t be real... 4d chess faggot.
NOT Selling
Been shilling this in the last few days.
My threads literally gone unnoticed.
And now people are FOMOing to buy this lmao I can't believe people are so fucking stupid.But who cares I'm comfy now with 15k HST.I know HST is gonna make it.
No fucking doubt.
Real life usage, partnership with government top kek this could be bigger than POWR.
If you don't know how to use ED if you catch it right when it get's listed on a real exchange you might still be able to catch a decent moon mission
Thanks for the quality post!
Picking up some when I get back home
Strapped in
You welcome, but you better hurry as I kinda overdo it, and price already 800k+
This is what a coordinating shilling sessions looks like newfags.
Don't fall for this shit.
i already fell for this crap
Look into the project, it's actually a very clever idea.
this is what a FUDder looks like newfags.
don't fall for this shit
It's not coordinated, it's just one man - me, All other comments just b'coz project is good, so unless you have proff, I ask you to not make stupid posts
You know this project is solid when the fud is pathetic and based on nothing like this.
like 80% of the IDs are green ITT.
that means moon mission.
Comfy state token
I'm in it for the medium term
i've called this as overvalued when it was around 11mil MC, and they laughed at me, its still overvalued.
why you think so?
Really don't feel like using ED =(
ok fags thank me later
that's how pnd walls looks like =_= not healthy
how much did u get for shilling and whats your nationality
I get nothing, and I'm nigerian prince (come on man, wtf?
Nationality?
sheesh)
well u do sound like a pajeet