what was this
a prophecy of the future
flash pump
did someone fatfingered?
Someone getting REKT
The biggest pump & dump the world has ever seen
Nope.
It was FOMO.
Have a look at that time period on the 15m chart
no there was extreme fomo that day.
look at minute candles it wasnt done in a secondanyways, it acts just like a hanging man candle.
It going to slowly ich its way back up to that point
FOMO that was way too big and had zero actual support behind it.
The Korean exchange went down near the top there, and as a result everyone panic sold their BCH.
Flimsy as fuck support if I ever saw it
The korean exchange was attacked by core*
The amount of activity going on there was insane and I wouldn't doubt it heavily stressed the servers till they shit themselves
I bought higher than that hoping to make a feel more shekels and got burned fml
Proof?
How about fomo drowned bithumbs system and spared a lot more people from turning into ultrabagholders
Jihan has infinite money to pump it thoughI wouldnt be surprised now if it goes to even 4000
Jihan/Roger will pump itOkay, what about all the major BTC whales who have their BCH they can offload to fight back?
Why would they do that if they understood the equilibrium point we're at in terms of proof of work?
all of our experts have confirmed this chart as 99.9% likely, bitcoin cash is the future and also satoshi's vision without a doubt
Discussion of a 'flippening' with BCH and BTC>Uses fiat chart
bitcoin is fiat by most definitions that exclude "government" it's just really shitty fiat without military backing and the charts would look roughly the same anywayhow the fucc you expect some poor ass zimbabwean nigga to buy his mothafuckin yams with these transfer fees my niggahow is this supposed to bank the unbankedit's just a low liquidity beach ball for dolphins and whales to fuck around with, ever notice how all the lowest float shitcoins get the most hardcore pamps?i just post graphs out of pure jaded apathy for this market, i don't even own any bitcoin cash or regularly trade
not using fiat relativeCan't wait until Bitcoin goes to $1000 and all the charts are fucked up because everyone's using BTC relative
how the fucc you expect some poor ass zimbabwean nigga to buy his mothafuckin yams with these transfer fees my nigga