>mfw can't actually wait a few hours until all the new BCH bagholders post pink wojacksThis will be so hilarious yet again!Never learn /biz!
Never change!
cope harder BTC fucktardBCH will replace BTC, because it's the real bitcoin
Screencapping those for future references.
Bring it on BCH shills!
the truth is your coin is now just another shitcoin that has the luck to be forked off the btc chain this having the name bitcoin cashor as we prefer to say BCash
BTC holders>copeBig if true
"Haha!
Let's laugh at the Bitcoin Cash holders!
What, I LIKE my subscription fees and government registration to use a licensed Lightning network sidechain operator!
'Satoshis vision' hurr hurr!"
Only people who don't understand blockchain technology could think that you could have the whole underbanked of the world recording small transactions on the blockchain.
It's literally impossible.
I couldn't care less about blockstream or core, but if you really think you can scale to billions on-chain, you just don't understand the tech.https://youtu.be/AecPrwqjbGwt.
someone who was in cryptography before it was cool
I bet you're one of anons who also fell for link and confido
I like my transactions going throught (((datacenters)))!!!
tfw I was there for clipper chip>tfw I imported a copy of applied cryptography and wrote up the PKE code
3
I'm not denying sidechains are eventually useful, but this deliberate crippling of the blocksize to 1MB so someone will have to use a censorable, trust-requiring sidechain to use Bitcoin ever is nuts.
Core's deliberate censorship, prohibition of a BIP have all lead Bitcoin down the wrong path in the name of corporate profitability.
If you accept the mainstream derping about "banking the unbanked" (which itself is just a PR ruse of the USG's to get their fingers into the blockchain), you'll find yourself wanting to do something stupid about minimum transaction values in the bitcoin network.
Once you reduce the minimum fee for broadcasting, a whole slew of smaller transactions will want into each block.
That demand will put upward pressure on the price each transaction must pay for inclusion into each 1MB block, pressure that can only be alleviated by increasing the maximum block size.
So there you have it: the USG is exploiting your kindhearted desire to make the world a better place for someone to whom you're entirely unrelated to fuck up the blockchain.
this was always how it was going to end up, don't be naive.
just ride the wave
t.increasingly nervous corecuck
Oh boy, am I nervous when BTC is still at ATH and BCH already dumped into oblivion yet again!
I CAN'T EVEN THINK STRAIGHT TO THIS STRESS!
God you are either a pajeet regurgitating the same fucking bullshit straight out of Blockstream or you're a delusional /r/bitcoin subscriber regurgitating Blockstream's bullshit.KYS
It was literally 300 dollars a month ago
corporate profitabilityAIUI, literally anyone could set up a remitter onto the blockchain, and would profit to the extent they own remitters.
If you're own the same footing as your bank, is that not good?
I dont like that prospect
I easily quadrupled my money already by buying BCH low a couple of weeks ago.
Seems like you're a bit salty OP.
Project Dragonslayer, hahahahaha
God you are either a pajeet regurgitating the same fucking bullshit straight out of Blockstream or you're a delusional /r/bitcoin subscriber regurgitating Blockstream's bullshit.
If 8MB is better why would Bitcoin resist the change?
Why indeed.
The higher the block size, the easier to launch a DDOS attack by filling the mempool with tiny transactions all of which must be propagated around the world, slowing everything down.
Little known fact: bitcoin used to allow upto a 32mb block
Because, the current core-team needs 1 Megabyte blocks to offload the main transaction load off-chain.
They will do this using their own patented technology, making unimaginable amounts of money.
Don't believe me, ignore everything.
Just wait and.. you will see :).
Just remember "patent" and "bitcoin" :) _ppsshhhh_
It has been explained here:4503608And no, it has nothing to do with Blockstream.
On-chain scaling is shit, second layers are shit too (not as shit, since on-chain transactions still remain decentralized as it doesn't change the protocol into peer-corporation running a node-peer.To sum it up: Bitcoin cannot scale to mainstream levels because of physics.
It is decentralized gold, as a result.Anyone defending big blocks is a paid Ver puppet and anyone defending second layers is a Blockstream paid puppet.
You can either accept this fact or continue being an idiot.
In addition, satoshi was smart enough to predict how people would resist the change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN-FBuUzXUs&index=7&list=PL0_5sIfl_JbLfio1gD9hkdI86d7WaJBU2
Yeah and fuck drumpf, amirite?
don't forget fuck whypipo
because it's the real bitcoinNo developers, no code of their own, just copied and pasted outdated BTC Core with one variable changed.
BCH isn't even a coin at this point, it's a heavily marketed shit.
Should I start posting wojaks now, or am I too early?
AHHHHHHHH WHY DOES IT KEEP GOING UP!?!?
PEOPLE ARE RINGING ME TRYING TO BUY MY BAAAAAGS FFFUUUUUUU
Remember that there's only one side to the market and it's neither the bull or the bear side, it's the right side.
core is coming out of the woodwork now that BCH is almost 1400 again.
Don't forget peeps - Hillary was always the favored hahahahaha