WHO'S YOUR DADDY.
Deluded powers
investing in something where a woman is in charge
reminds her her.
this is link all over again.
stay poor deluded faggot
I bet she takes it in the ass.
748▶ (OP)>>investing in something where a woman is in chargenot whiteknight but she could wipe the floor with you
4479891you losers don't even believe your own words lmao4479903What a bunch of faggots lol literally no one would fuck you ever.
Ok, please explain why you think this will go past $1 sonn.
yikeswe're all female here either wayinvest in mommy or stay poor
who /nopenis/ here?
-Team is top notch.
Multiple Oxford masters and PHD degrees, JP Morgan Chase Background, top 3 team members have 25+ years of experience in green renewable energy.
Co-founder is Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia’s capital city-Partnership with Origin Energy, Australia’s largest energy provider, also operates in NZ and India.
Team has said in slack that other partnerships are confirmed.-8 Million dollar investment from the Australian government.
This alone should signal something to you.-Working product out the gate.
Supporting Apps and infrastructure also complete.
It’s ready to go and being used right now.-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr is already compatible with Tesla Home battery and car batteries-Major energy crisis in Australia, massive solar panel investment.
Watch any of the dozens of youtube videos on this crisis.
PL is solving this as we speakIs the enough for you?
No crypto has ever been this solid.
99% don’t even have working products.You could invest in Powr and secure 5-10x gains in the next couple of months, or there’s always the next confido for you to throw money at.
He's right you know.
It's /biz/, they prefer to invest in Chainlink, they'll regret it eventually.
Sold my powr for more link faggot.
Get on the train
i sold mine during the whole pbc fiasco, still profited.
what makes u think it will go over 1 dollar?
any specific event or jus speculation?
Major energy crisis in Australiaalready debunked by ausfagsthe token itself is useless until the company starts expanding, that might not happen any time soon.
literally no one would fuck you ever.POWR shill confirmed for a grill
65 cents.I REPEAT, WHO IS YOUR DADDY.
the level of under-educated retards who can't do their own research is outstanding.
You do realise the POWR token is being used for the exact purpose OF EXPANDING.
The Sparkz token will be the trade of power.
As with 99% of the other retards on here, stay poor
Confirmed Musk partnership using Tesla energy packs on Australia's power grid network.
I love powr!
This is the bet that I've had most confidence in for several months
this jewess is not asian.
worth selling NEO for POWR?
I strongly believe in 50$ neo eoy, probably more
ARTICLE FROM TODAY: GET IN, PARTNERSHIPS IN INDIAhttps://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/power-ledger-price-doubles-during-week-long-surge/"Power Ledger is also currently participating in a blockchain trial with Origin, Australia’s largest retail energy provider.
Moreover, the startup has also partnered with Indian information technology giant Tech Mahindra to establish several hundred microgrids within the country, a move intended to help the company expand its future services into emerging markets."
Thats exactly what i did, that is a small increase compared to what POWR will do.
I hope you are right.
You bastards let me down with LNK.
Link may moon yet, but it's all based on speculation.
They don't have a product yet.Powr is primed and ready baby, it's mooning with no brakes.