So when do we sell REQ, when it goes above ICO right?
Sell now while you can, sell walls are racking up.
The pump is over.
When it goes 15x
4522321which one is it?
When it hits 50 cents and 500M market cap.
Otherwise, you're just dumb.
Just consider that tomorrow is the scheduled update and they'll probably announce their alpha release date, selling now is beyond retarded.
I will consider taking profits at 400-500mcap and ride the rest out.
Look at the order books on Binance you fucking brainlet.
There 200-300 ETH sell walls at 15k.
Are you completly retarded?
what about buy the rumor sell the news?thinks order books mean something>calls others brainletsmy fucking sides
 cents would actually only be $300M market cap :)1 dollar is when you start thinking of selling REQ
 dollars per req would essentially net me half a million fucking dollars srs
4522525You pajeets REQtards are so delusional that's comical now.
I'm not selling until 50 cents.
It's comfy in my wallet until then.
See you at 25 cents by EOY faggotYou can stay in your mummies basement fapping to tranny porn and living off hot pockets to the tears of wishing you invested in REQ.
1 year down the road by q3-4 of 2018 and you want to buy something off amazong and you see the "pay with request" button, your ptsd will get out of control and you will commit suicide.
Screencap this.
the strange thing is that reqtards think of x10-20 when they can't even pass ICO priceat what point will you guys begin to question your sanity?took the bancucks 3 months until they stopped making daily threads
this isn't fucking bancor.
it's something normies understand and can use.pic related
OMG traded below ico for several weeks>MUH, this will never be able to do anythingpromise me one thing - don't buy this when it hits a billion market cap - Just watch and laugh your emotions off or buy a rope - i don't really give a fck pajeet
Bancor market cap was 4x what req is now and req will have a working product in less than a month, comparing it to bancor is beyond retaded.
REQ also didn't raise like 150 million for a fucking whitepaper project either.
Also, team and backing is strong af.
Don't shit talk things you know nothing about dip fuck
bancor already has a working productwhy is it still bleeding out?
Will anyone even use this fucking bullshit?
How would a normie ever find out about this
are you fucking blind.
I just posted a picture above a dude complainign about paypal in a crypto currency normie facebook group.if you want to know how the thread went.
REQ got shilled on it as paypal 2.0OP said " can't wait for request network " why am I even telling you suckers this.you really don't deserve the gains that are coming.
you really don't
Request has the most bullish outlook for the rest of 2017.
Get in or APOLOGIZE by EOY
It is 10x cheaper and 1000x faster than using paypal for sellers they just need to add a button "Pay with Request" in their website and buyers can pay with whatever currency or crypto they want.
4522865Guys.
It's BIGGER than paypal.
This is a whole PAYMENT NETWORK.
I will repeat once again, a NETWORK.
It can do so much for, than only being a better paypal.
Dig deep, think big and enjoy the glory of REQ
LMAO at your life REQtard.
Your shitcoin can barely go above ICO price, and you expect it to reach 10x by end year?
Stop shilling us your ICO bags, we ain't buying them.
We Hindus are a smart race and don't fall for these tricks.
45225474522838 look anon, in one year's time, they will all be sucking dicks for 2 reqsstop hating because you're not smart enough to accumulate during these swings, bitches
4522394You are out since this posts.
Go to another thread.
lmao at your gains REQLET.
no moon for you.I bet you are one of those who sold at 12K ETH a few days ago.
Buy high sell low!thanks for your bags man.couldn't have gotten rich without people like you
This has to be a pump and dump.
The coin is shilled all over reddit in the last 24 hours.
Like transparently shilled 24/7 going from zero mentions.
fuck, thanks for tiny pump.
I dropped my bags .good luck to this shitcoin
If tomorrow's update includes a release date it's going to moon hardselling the day before of a major update when it didn't even had a small dipGlad you're just larping otherwise you shouldn't be allowed to get anywhere near crypto, for your own good..
That strategy is based on the news being shit, which in most cases they are *cough* NEO *cough*.
If the news are good, then more money will flow in.
>retards selling>it will be $50bn mcap by mid 2018Stay poor.
How much to lamboland
I'll sell at nothing less than $3.
Buy the rumor sell the news
Selling now is like selling bitcoin or ethereum one month after they launch.