Why is everyone so doom and gloom about bitcoin right now?
It's been due for a correction and it has been in this board's collective consciousness for a while expecting it.
I may be a brainlet, but this is healthy behavior of anything with fucking exponential growth.
Just wait and buy the dip.
I just bought the dipWe're going to 8K soon enough
everyone here is pretty much retarded so yeahit's normal behavior
BCH and coordinated pump to attempt to take over what is considered bitcoin.https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrAbove details the canceled segwit2x fork despite being posted in July.
because most people are retarded and fall for gimmicky shit and lose all perspective.
protip: zoom out nig
But where is the dip?
It held well at 6200 for quite a long time but now it's in high 5800's.
This is no fucking ordinary dip.
This not "oh no bitcoin is too hot, time to cool off".This is "oh god, the one viable option for Bitcoin to scale has failed"Bitcoin is fundamentally broken at this point.
DUMP for CASH.
flippening imminient.
Decamillionaire out.
Are you 100% out of BTC?
Yes... but WHEN is the bottom of the dip?
"oh god, the one viable option for Bitcoin to scale has failed"Assuming you are talking about s2x, you might be retarded.
S2x was a fork away from core.
Core is playing the long game - better to work a bit suboptimally for a while than to not work at all.
b-but I thought it go straight to 100k and never dip.new paradigm

that rsi Dayum
Bitcoin will never reach $7k again.
The real Bitcoin, otherwise known as Bitcoin Cash, is doing just fine right now.
If Bitcoin were dipping or even crashing you wouldn't have as much of that right now.
What you're seeing isn't a dip.
It's billions of dollars moving from Bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash specifically and nowhere else.
Does it seem normal or expected to you for Bitcoin to "dip" into a single alt?
im not im just trying to guess when I should throw another 1000 in..
I want to buy as low as possible
Replywhat is the actual difference?
It is pretty accurate.
You'd miss some minor movements if you don't trust stochastic much, but the big dips and rises are all there.
Don’t listen to the cash shills.
They just want the pump to continue so they can buy more BTC at sale price.
You'd miss some minor movementsyou have a small chance of missing all movements, especially in volatile times as these.i suppose the bottom of the stochastic is "close enough"