I woke up this morning to 50,000 unconfirmed BTC transactionsThere are now over 70,000 unconfirmed BTC transactionsIf you guys aren't in alts right now, you are about to be really fucking regretful.
If you guys aren't in alts right now, you are about to be really fucking regretful.>Implying BTC dumping doesn't cause further alt dumps
Sorry to inform you but its not alts that are gonna gain.
The real bitcoin is waking up.
Any altcoins without a legit niche can kiss their asses goodbye.
implying these BTC transactions aren't jumping into alts with the news of 2x cancellation
That's good tho.
It's like an early xmas sale.
inb4 satoshis vision
It's great I agree, but telling people to get into alts before a BTC dump is pretty dumb
implying alts are going anywhere
x is back tho.
Check the official site.
Bitcoin is the move.
Everything else will suffer in the short term.
Bitcoin = Bitcoin Cash
have unconfirmed transactions been this high before?
first 50 (YOUs) get 0.1 BTC
 in May
there's no way BTC cash is dipping a bit.but buying now this high is risky as fuck
BItcoin Cash is the new Bitcoin....Kraken move it to no 2 spot on their pull down minute today.
this is when miners profit..i dont mine though
You18G6MiMxYzs28iUzCZ6hjwtFXEpKmRdnK6
Not risky...its just correcting to the price it was first at.
It's way faster than XBT/BTC and txn costs are as low as $0.10 cents per txn and 10 min wait...way cheaper than BTC 5% and 5 hours wait.
Probably getting epic troled but fuck it1CfPAzBHGNdsgD2ija2ACbSo9XC1yYAK6b
What does that mean?
I wouldn't get into alts, I don't hold any.
ETH, LTC & XMR
over 80 thousand unconfirmed nowin 5-6 hours when these pending tx's go through, i am going to be fucking rich.
transactions only in white/asian countriesAre mudslimes and niggers not investing in crypto?
niggers>crypto
Tons of people are buying smaller quantities of BTC.I have no idea what's going on.Is this like a DDOS attack of sorts?
Do whales want to get blockchain stuffed?
Doesn't matter.Bitcoin is and will always be the best.It's both a currency and digital store of value.Nuff said.
Until it isnt,
>tfw 12 hours later my tx hasn't confirmed
D E L U S I O N A LB I T T I E SHow much money are you losing as we speak?