
I don't even need to check to know this is bs
Go blue?
It's mooning, except that the moon is on the other side of the planet right now, so it first has to dig its way through the center of the Earth to get there.
Already broke 2.1k!
*eternally 1870*
Everyday I have to scroll lower on CMC
good analogy.
give me your wallet address ill send you 1 link
GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK
actually the worst fucking coin out of the 100. most coins are up 50-100% while this shit is the crashing everyday.
Get the fuck out with your mooning.
haha it actually is nownice one OP
Dumps 90%, dead cat bounces 5% from the new bottom .. "moons"
AAAAHHH, I LITERALLY SOLD 10 MINUTES AGO.
%>moonLmao deluded Linkies
HAHAHAHAback to 1800 sats we go.man, i remember buying this thing a few months ago thinking i would be set for a quick profit.
looks like we will be holding to next christmas, boyos...
TA guy
why is it increasing now?
nothing changed.
guess just random pump.
thinking about selling and rebuying..
ChainLink will announce something in december
hot off the pressthinking about selling and rebuying..retardbuy high sell llow
Weak hands will miss the ticket to lambo.
Monero was $4 and crashed all the way to 0.40.
LINK $80+ EOY the oracle problem is real
nah, I bought low but would sell not much higher.
guess I wont sell with that update incoming!
Still holding strong boys, but my hands got quite weak in the last days..
Right after I fucking sold it starts mooning are you fucking kidding me why does this always happen to me.
Fucking useless shitcoin.
how long were you holding before you sold?
Literally since 25 cents.
selling at ATLlet this be a lesson to you, you goddamn retard.
WE ARE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONINGGET THE FUCK IN HERE LINK MARINES
Here's some advice: wait for it to dip then FOMO at $0.20 tomorrow, then panic sell when it goes back down to $0.18 then Fomo back in at $0.25You obviously love selling low and buying high
Right after I fucking sold>Fucking useless shitcoin.You mean useless trader right?
WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Literally nothong gg wp
>tfw balls-deep into monero and linkComfy day gentlemen
x06f2799a03c1cc7feb497bdcc3b2b4e4b103e20b
Sold half my stack two hours ago at 1800 after holding since ICO.
Fuck it I'm not buying back in.
Ditto.
60 / 40 of LINK / XMR.
We gon' maek it.
Up 15%, I'm scurred anon
top kekyou are correct sir
Bro i was so close to selling last night.
I decided no I'm sleeping on it, had a big long think while in bed and decided I'm staying in boys.
For real this is going to be huge and this dip does not worry me as much now.
Good things take time bro
Monero was $5 before and craashed to 0.30 2 years ago, now its $160+.
LINK will get there weak hands wont make it though
I had faith in Sergei 
> mfw i bought it at .43> mfw it dipped to .35 so i bought more> mfw i go down with the ship
come on goys, you all know that $LINK is basically useless right?whats worse is the exchanges will charge you double for cashing out on it.
its happening everywhere.
so the only safe alternative you have is to basically send it to me so i take the losses for you.
the bears are just going to keep getting worse and you all know it.
$LINK is a total meme coin, failed technology, and going nowhere.
the CEO eats big macs every day and the communication is terrible.
all of these are valid reasons you should just send me your link.
its really just useless stuff.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED I SOLD IT ALL 2 HOURS AGO
SWIFT partnership was confirmed...
Show proof please
Now nigga
This project is dead af.
Its dev team is two lone niggers that cant handle the sheer size of what they promised.
BAIL BAIL BAIL.
Meanwhile ODNN is slowly ramping up for the platform and rebranding launch early DEC. Get in that before it moons.
LINK isn't going anywhere for a while.LINK, ALIS, IOP and ODN will come big eventually.
ALIS will be end of Dec and ODN before that.
Bullshit like always
didn't look into ODN, is it a pump and dump?
where do i buy/hodl it?
Lmao no one is going to buy this shitcoin no matter how many times you shill it fag
Get a load of this asshole.
months ago>every single coin I buy moons within days>now>every single coin moons immediately after I sellWhere did it all go wrong?
WHOEVER HAS YOUR BUY ORDER AT 1946 AND 1947 REMOVE IT AND PUT IT AT 1944 THANK YOU.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
ALRIGHT FUCKOS JUST BOUGHT 40KSEE YOU IN MOON COUNTRY
street shiterSee u on the street
Im pretty sure its starting to moon guys
It just made an N on the graphDoes it stand for nolinkies btfo?
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
[cheers internally]