Who here getting joostd by powr?
I fomo bought near the top.
Down 2 BTC already
How much did u put
Around 11 BTC.
I bought in at 55c and it's now over $1.
How could I be getting joosted?
0.89

>could have bought at .28>didn't>transferred 1000 to eth so I could buy at .78 at lunch>didn't>eth went to 380>up 70 bucksIt all works out for the bestFuck this this coin, eth is about to start copying what bitcoin did.
I'm all in eth
Should I sell my POWR for LINK (roughly 0.25BTCs worth).
kek.
the actual joosting hasn't even begun
Crazy how all powrcucks disappeared in 1 minute
It's funny how much hype this coin has.
Energy trading is a fucking meme in Australia, fucking foreigners don't understand how this is just more shit on a pile of shit.
4511559Thanks, this is why I come to /biz/.
I'm pretty sure it can hit 1 dollah againThis coin doesn't drop that hard which makes it a solid hodl but still
I got JUST'd for selling at 8k and missing an extra $30k in profit if i sold at 11.5k, i should have listened to the shills yesterday
not right now, POWR is currently undersold on the 5min chart.
wait around 30 min to an hour, price should be back up and you'll now if it will still moon
You still bought low and sold high that's all that matters, no one can see the future
yeah i made some juicy gains but still it hurts to know it coulda been 1/3 more if i had just hodled for a few hours.
the joost is strong
If you held POWR right now would you sell?
If so how much of your POWR?
i wouldnt sell, they hype is still too strong and its too close to $1 i think it will pass it without problems tonight.
I'm making money in my sleep with POWR what're you scrubs talking about
Yeah that's how I feel too.
But at the same time, being realistic, this coin is not worth any more than it is unless Power Ledger suddenly jumps a year ahead in their white paper.
So part of me thinks the smart thing to do is sell half of my POWR now knowing that it will definitely stay at or go below $1 at some point during the next 12 mths.
i'd sell all of it, invest that in something else and put back maybe 10% when i think it stopped falling incase the trend reverses quickly
Just bought in at 84c.
Its going to crash but the fomo was too strong
I'm not selling dude already fell for the sell meme yesterday at 75, I woke up today and it was @ 80.Not selling, this shit can easily hit one dollar.
And now all the POWR fags realize that 11k wasn't your support.
kek.
Fuck me dead, this coin is falling like a sack of shit.
I took a 19k loss to get out
i think its over bought, and going well below 10 kyou can see chart, trend is down
I don't think so man but we will see.
I'll probably keep watching for an hour or 2 and then decide if I'm going to sell half or HODL.
why it hit 1 dollar?FOMO is over, and if there are no news, there no reason that why it go up again
You guys gotta start looking at the 1-2hr candles.
Bought dip
You lads did a great job buying high.
Now don't forget to sell low!
it will rebound.
some pajeets are just enjoying the small profit
Because it's a super awesome moon mission coin with milfs and kangaroos and muh elon musk and muh fundamentals and coins I buy NEVER go down.k is the supportk is the supportk is the supportNow watch is free fall to just touching ~7.3k.kek.
Really hope it doesn't happen so fast though since ETH is mooning.
This
Time to buy a rope
g foreigners don't understand how this is just more shitThis drop in price is simulated.
ever wonder why crashes always happen in the later hours?Its a bear trap, and it is just bots spamming 1 dollar bids and then randomised bids to destablalise the price and worry people.The actual value of this coin is probs $1.50 or so, because it is an electronical way of billing electricity rather than using old fashioned counters that can be broken/tricked.
Very good utility for power companies.
smallnigga I made x11 from this shit
Just sold most of my POWR at 0.00010100.Pretty happy since I bought in at 0.00005552.Got a feeling we've reached the highest point these last couple days and it's down from here.
Like the other guy said there's only hype that will keep this coin going up and eventually that hype will die.
Power Ledger is legit but they are no where near this valuable yet.
If it does end up going to $2 I might regret it though.
Now time to find the next POWR before anyone else does.
lol, already going back uphope you faggots bought the dip
lol fucking cucks think this dip is going to drop it past 9k hahaha wow do you even know how to read a chart?
You know the volume is too high for that.
It's not like cryptopia is it's only exchange lol.And crypto is global, no one gives a fuck about your "later hours"
Lain again.
So far its going exactly as my TA has predicted.
We will bounce between 10k and 9750 for a very short time here then take a sharp dip down to 8000 before recovering to 9250
aaaaand it rebounded.
now stfu fud.
kek.
okay.
Wrong, shits oversold, it's going to correct hard back to 11kyou literally haven't been right one time all day
Same dip happened 6 hours ago.
People just be making easy money off of bears.
4512519ya'll niggas bout to get LAINED OUT SON
Correction: did not enter channel yet.
Will bounce around at these prices a bit, then do the 9750 to 10k bounce in the next 30 min period.
Highly doubt it.
My japanese TA is far superior to his burger TA.
Fucking cuck hasn't been right all night.meanwhile it's rebounding considerably.
Once BCC stops FOMOing all the retards they'll fling back into this shit.
ez
you fall for sharks making you panic and sell.
buy high and sell low for life pajeets.
or grow some balls and stop panicking.
take profit at 14k if you dont wanna hold
oh look his TA isn't right and he's moving the goalposts meanwhile I haven't touched mine for HOURS and it's still in line with my predictions>get fucked
unironically Japanese TA indicates we're going down
I think I got the next POWR but only dropped 500$ so far, I might drop more in the coming days
I don't know why you guys are being so defensive.
I think this project has a good future from what I've seen so far but the pump for today has ended so it's going to definitely correct a bit.
Tired of people FUDing with piss poor TA so people sell so they can scoop the bags on sale from retards
Any hints anon?
Not a single sell or buy order was above 1 bit coin, for a coin that is seeing so much volume this crash is completely manufactured.
yep.
fud all over.
fortunately people are holding.
gains hehe
In the last thread, almost 10% (24 posts) were from the same sad Anon (Dmgc6JD/) attacking my TA (sad).
I know my timing was off, but my flight path has been accurate.We are going to 8k, then 7k very soon, ending up at about 8.5k.
Believe me or not, its okay really, because we will be back past ATH in a few days.
You'll miss a lot of good swing gains by not loving lain though.
https://twitter.com/PowerLedger_io?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fcoinmarketcap.com%2Fcurrencies%2Fpower-ledger%2FAnnouncement in 7 hours.
Price will moon then.
I got in at 7700 and made so many bad trade im only up 100 bucks.
If i wasnt a moron I would have made 1000+ easy
Okay, now that we opened price in the channel, we will bounce around inside it for a bit, then take the massive 8k dip afterwords, likely in about 30 mins.
Get ready to buy cheap POWR again.
Get ready to buy cheap POWR again.I'm ready anon.
God damn it, lame lain is still at this?
Dude, your total assumptions blow ass.
Youre wrong and continually move goalposts and claim youre right.
Every anon out there reading this, watch from niw on.
Every single prediction hell move or change countless times.
Lame lain is a fucking lying faggot who is losing anons money.
I'll counter you and say this is simply refueling for the inevitable 12k climb
hasnt dropped that hard YET thats why now is the time to get the fuck out
I think it's going back up again now
Why would it drop hard?
Just went from 81 to 58 cents now.
Relax.
You have a government backed coined, this is ETH level shit right here.
conference in 7 hours hahaha EZ
time to buy the cheapest powr is now
Yeah oops.
Lucky I regretted my sell instantly and set a buy order lol.
Think I'll ride this hype to the announcement later.11/23/2017 11:21:33 AM Limit Buy 0.0001000011/23/2017 11:09:50 AM Limit Sell 0.00010100
who cares if he's off by some hours he still predicted that it will go down while you shills said it will moon again.
now who is right?
4512810it doesn't matter retards.
people just 10x'd their investment in one month.
smart money is fuckin selling, average joe soon follows, dumb money bought in just now and will hodl
Predictions change as new data comes alongyes, very bad.
never change your mind about anything ever
He said it will go down, after it had already gone down.
His posts were slower than the actual market.Also he is just a shill trying to get cheap power.
Rumours like the ones he is spreading now are there simply to influence the market for own gains rather than change anything, you see it on the stock markets on a daily basis.
The fuck are you doing bro just waitIt dropped 10 cents yesterday too then skyrocketed to 90 todayRelax
Most of the people who bought in the ICO are holding because they have interest in the project and believe it has higher gains.
weird my predictions have been spot on for hours without me even licking a goalpost
it dropped 10 cents yesterday because people spread a rumor that PWR is the next PBC pick, when people realized it was fake they dumped

Holy fuck, I can't wait until the thread when my chart ends so I can post it and show how bad you all were cucked on these swing trade gains and from buying back on the pumps before the larger dips.
Those who do not all love Lain will meet despair.
Get ready to bow before Lain.
how much money have you made from these 5% fluctuations then?
Post your trades.
You shills have been saying 150k, where are we now?ATH was 114k~ and until we reach that you're only losing money.
people are retards.
they dont even realize that if we all buy and dont sell before x10000 gains we would all have x10000 gains.
look btc and eth.
big winners are always hodlers but pajeets cant learn
pajeets never learn
Already back at 10500 lol
big winners are always hodlers>alwaysmember Digibyte?
member Link?
oh a rebound.
were are you lain ?
heheh
yeah but welcome to reality where pajeets exists and they wil constantly dump their shit on you
>I sell>price pumpsdon't thank me guysif you ever need me I'll be over there with that rope around my neck
Digibyte had no inherent value it was pump and dump from the start.Power actually has real life usages, and I was hype about it before I purchased it.
I purchased it way late into the game, but hell i only bought a small 2-3 or so power.
WHERE U AT LAIN?
hahahah holy shit that's an instant 10% loss, poof just like that
for fuck sake someone explain this retarded pajeet meme to me please
instantly panic buyinganon, why?!
stop selling then pajeet.
just buy and grow some balls, stop panicking and hold.
not on shady coins though, this milf coin is secure just hold
Poo in looDumpers=Pajeet
Its fine.
The 30 min stoch has cross upward but the longer terms are still going down.
Don't FOMO buy back in.
Next candle is back to 9750, then down hard.
I never said it would moon after that pumo, ive been in since 3.5k and wont sell until for a long while.
Ive been advocating from the start to buy low hold long and sell high.
I dont play this intraday-catch-every-movement bullshit these faggots drawing meme lines are trying to do.
He may as well be drawing fucking tarot cards.
Hes been wrong every step of the way and then when it finally comes close to what he said he claims he was right.>itll bounce off of ath and go to 6k>itll hover near ath for a while then go to 6k>itll go over ath but not for long then 8kAll claims he posted, easy to make a shit when you keep adjusting the goalpost, like Lame Lain does.
A lot of people here are from /pol/ who here ~5.5ft tall, sub 130lbs soakings weight, and pasty as fuck so they're a bit racist.
That's one complex meme, so they are pajeets cos they just dump anywhere as soon as there is a sign of trouble yes?
instantlynigger I waited for a FUCKING DIP to buy that.
but of course the universe doesn't want me to be happy so it made the price dip after a dip just to fuck me in the ass
Are you taking into account the hype from the upcoming announcement later today?
Hard to imagine the coin dropping in the lead up to a hyped announcement.
Correction: candle after this one.
The following candle will also likely be green since the stoch just crossed and it will take another timeframe to drop back down.
More like>in 5 mins!>no in an hour!>no tomorrow!Hahaha
I want you to be right
The hype doesn't change the fact how overbought this coin is.
Even with the hype, a lot of people who are riding on +100% profit while ETH and other alts moon are going to take profit and this will dip.
im not worried.its gains have been consistent.
it will go up again.there are more holders than day traders in powr
We have the power of the tree huggers crusade axaxaxaxaxaxa
Kek.
Traders set the prices.
If holders don't keep buying then traders have 100% control of the price.
you dont believe in this fud lain.
i dare you to margin trade your predictions with your money.
yeah right haha go sit in your corner.
i wish we had a blockchain already to bet.
Oh look another "correction", dude face it youre a fucking con who is continually wrong and adjusts in the dark (TA LOL) hoping to hit a winner.
Lame Lain.
We do...There's multiple ones.That being said you can't margin trade this shitcoin yet since it's not on polo.
every time it hits a new ath is drops a bit, and goes up to the next ath.its been doing this for since it came online.
yes neither on bitfinex.
its true.
show your orders then.
right...
Ayyyy where is this dip?
it seems to be consolidating around 1500 for now.
with that much attention dont you find weird no correction yet ?
its been hours price is 10k-11k.
dont you understand the moon mission is on preparations?
wether in a minute, hour, today, tomorrow, eoy.
we will get there eventually that why people hold
Yep.
The longer it sits here the less likely it will ever drop below 10k ever again.Congrats if you got in before 10k.
I'm stoked.
Okay, so if you want to swing trade, set buys at 8000k (with enough flex room), then sell at 9250, then buy again at 7000k.
If you want to just buy in at the lowest price, set buys for 7000, which is where we'll be heady after the recovery to 9250.
tfw holding ETH so I have no idea where the fuck to put my order order before going to sleep
anyone seeing a pattern here?be patience.
fucking millennials want everything now.
Well everyone is going backup.I'm closing this thread/closed
go sleep and dont gamble.
invest in sure coins and hold.
nobody wantqms to be those guys who sold bitcoin at 30$ "1mb4 Pr0F17"
I don't even know if holding BTC or ETH is safe currently.
Both overdue a correction.
Usually whenever I think this I buy XMR but thats up 20% since yesterday.
ahahahahe's sees the pattern but doesn't know what it predictshere's a hint for you https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliott_wave_principle
Margin traded this already when it was cheaper, also margin traded TNT.Its possible :PAlso 10700 already I was gonna sell at that, since after this massive drop I'm confident in selling higher now ^__^
I don't give a fuck where btc corrects to.
The goal is and until a flippening occurs is to accumulate more btc.
Eth is currently mooning, I'm forcing myself to trade strictly on 30 min candles to a min now unless I can justify hopping off before a trend reversal since I could have been 50% on this shit if I didn't start playing around with 1-15min candles.Eth is mooning btw.
Ah, here we go.
And do you know what other coins followed the textbook ideal elliot wave pattern on point?
NEO, PAY, and MTL.
But POWR has just started.
We haven't even left the floor basement yet.I hope Anon realizes what this means.
man that would have sucked.
imagine cashing out all your btc, and turning your back on crypto, then finding out it mooned.
hahahi'd probably have a mental breakdown.
>went from 1717 to 1445 PWR trying to trade this todayI think I'm the biggest retard on /biz/
Eth is mooning btw.I'm aware of that.
I haven't slept right in a week with all this shit so i'm on edge.
I just wish I could take a day off but the oppurtunity cost of a days holiday is too much
no it's not.
its only going up a few dollars.zoom out a bit, makes the "moon" look like nothing.
Go to sleep retard
Buy $10k in POWR now and you can retire in spring.
No shill.
we're still in basement level 4
i know who you feel, DO NOT SELL.REFRAIN FROM TRADING!
I live in Japan and I was up to see it hit 11k and then drop all the way to 9k.
You people always think the fucking sky is falling everytime there’s a small drop.
Just.
Wait.
I live in Japan and I was up to see it hit 11k and then drop all the way back to around 9k.
You people always think the fucking sky is falling everytime there’s a small recover period.
Just.
Wait.
Excuse me then, I'll be more specific.Eth has transitioned from a brearish trend to a bullish trend.
I'm not talking about the actual gains in the past 2 hours.Learn to look past the 1 min candles.
tfw bitcoin drops 100 dollars and everyone goes banana's and dumps in panic.
I told you fags to not be greedy and take your profits.
Classic biz.
I bought 65 more POWR at 1980 and 190 more POWR at 10450.
I'm not confident enough to put in more at this price.I'm getting 6 hours of disturbed sleep a night, more than I got in college
i was implying the same thing by enticing thought.
yep.
this consolidation proves traders in POWR are not just pajeets and pnd.
or that not a buy signal for the people still not in i dont know what To say.
its been a month im rooting here for this milf coin.
so far so good.
i saw link, neo and confido.
dont be pajeets for real.
buy powr and hold until 5$.
then reevaluate and see if it will keep increasing or no.
5$ by eoy screenshot this.
we are gonna make it hodlers
Shills
Okay Anon....who is ready to become a Lain convert?
It's bullish on 30, 60 min candles and is close to be on 3-4 hr candles.
If you understood elliot wave principle you would.
This is literally like getting in at antshares at just over the price after it hit the market and dipped.
You'll see the first part of it in a month or so.
Again, once we hit 8k, we will bounce back up to around 9250, but don't FOMO buy in if you want the lowest price.
If you want that, set a bit above 7k.
I have 3 other coins I expect to moon by the end of December though.
I'd be happy with 2x on this
and here's my working chart once more
I have to go to sleep.
Do you think when I wake up in 12 hours I'll be able to see 7k?
GVT master race.The already low supply is thinning.
There's practically none left on exchanges.
Everyone is pulling it out for cold storage.
it will hit $5, it will hit 10. just put your money in powr, leave it alone.
don't touch it.
watch the gains and keep your mind off it.
Baby, you're gonna see 7k in about 2 hours.
Ah, holy lulz.
The BTC crash I predicted two days ago is starting at the exact same time as POWR.
Top kek.
4513760shut the fuck up you fucking fag
Are you fucking kidding me, it spends the entire fucking day consolidating around ATH and it'll dip that fast?
Guess I'll stay awake then.
like all your predictions, 7k was not gonna happen 2 hours ago ?
lol fud again and again with your noob TA.
4513794the chart i posted above, shows gains every 5-6 hours.
strange hey.so it may be less than 2 hours from now until another climb.
I probably would have made more money at McDonald's this year for all the hours I have spent on crapto
its preparing a new moon mission.
stop listening to people, including me.
ask yourself: with all the attention powr got today, it didnt drop and consolidated at 10k-11k.
why?what i think : everybody holds thats why.
and so you should.
the powr milf will be on stream in few hours too so it should rise again.
just hold until the sweet 5$
 - 3?
powr?
like not even $2 worth?
what's actually the point?
the $100 you invested in ico is not the reason why it's consolidating
Conference is just going to be Dr Mommy Green saying things she has already said on youtube.
Hardly anyone will watch and it doesn't change the hype fundamentals any.
We're due a correction and as amazing as Dr Green's milf tits are they've already been milked dry today and won't be able to produce another pump just yet.
Posting this per-emptively for anyone who bought near ATH high today after ignoring the holy word of Lain.
Lain does not work on the wired, Lain who is the wired.
see: LINK
This shit is way overbought, it will stabilize in few days at 7000 sats.Thanks me later.
ill hold until i want to cash out.
could be years from now.
its because people aren't buying or selling as much.
if i sell now on profits, at what price should i be able to buy back in a few hours?
It will stabilize a few hours from now at 7900, then sidways, then moon in a few days
Top volume on Bittrex>People aren't buying or selling muchdeluded.
either the same price or more.
do you like fee's?
yeah!
top volume.
meaning people aren't selling.
and buying has plateaued
kek.
got in @3500&4000, sold a little at 5900, then bought the sellings back at 8000. so im well on profits, just annoyed about my own stupidity and tempted to try to trade the losses back... probably the best option is to just hodl, since i would probably lose more trading, lol
What do you think will be the low for the next two hours?
I'm jealous of your optimism.
Just hodl.
it'll be fine.
Still up from where it was yesterday at this time by quite a bit.
I guess this is /biz/ though and you all decided to buy high and sell low.
Just hodl and enjoy your gainz.
but then i'd have to find something else to do besides stare at bittrex candles for 10 hours
i lost over 50% of my initial investment through day trading.
i actually had to put more money into it to make up for the loses.
and it worked out, because i bought a higher volume of coins, and i've made back what invested in total and now making a profit.
it was better than losing the lot through impatience and stupid trading.
kek
It took fucking forever but the 10 min candles have finally gone trendless with downwards momentum.Now for the 15 and 30 minutes candles to fall down like dominoes.No idea why Lain thinks this is only gonna take 2 hours, I'd say several hours longer but whatever, I'll watch and see what happens.
>obvious shill waves>someone actually goes and buys iti thought biz is supposed to be smarter than reddit
I still do it and get very stressed by doing it.
I do have to just close the laptop and walk away sometimes though.
Right now I'm just monitoring it in the tab bar in safari.
Might go and play some vidya or some shit to take my mind off of it but for right now it looks like 10100 is the floor and we are just refueling for the next moon mission.
This coin is a one way ticket to lambo land.
Just stay calm and let it grow.
sats
Reverse cup and handle?
Going down?
bit generous there anon.
don't give them false hopes.
i know people say you shouldn't do that, but my gains would have been under a third of what they are now.
Oh well.
Still not selling.
Posting this once more before we jump off the diving board.
G-good luck, Anon.
>tfw you bought into hype of powr 3 days ago but could only afford 1000i just wanna make it and build a videogame with my favorite freelance artists on artstation
i like the mountain charts instead of candles
I'm really gonna like them too in  hrs.
this is my hunch.next ath will be around 11.5 sats.
I don't get it
Here's an equation for you Anon:$1,000 x 1.05^105 = $1,507,977Don't chase pumps.
Use stop losses.
Make 5% per day without any major losses on $1,000 and you have made $1.5m in just over three months.
This is the magic of crypto, Anon.That, or just HODL $1,000 in POWR until end of spring and be worth about $700k
How can you get it?
The lines are trend lines.
The arrows are where it will rise and fall.
The numbers are points where the price will reverse.
Hello sub-10k sats my old friend
Testing support on 15 min candles
whats a stop loss.is powr going to be 700 by spring?
hahaa
hello above 10k sats my old friend
4511499just HODL this is a simple correction you newfaggot.
Nice email address faggot
Nice cracked account lol
A stop loss is a conditional order meaning, "do x when y is met"In this case it means, "sell at x price, when y price is reached."
On bittrex you do this by changing from limit to conditional.
As a general range, -5% to -7% is a good range.
That way, if it tanks -70% when you're asleep or something your order triggers at -7% (or whatever price you set it at) and you only lose 7% instead of 70%.The risk in stop losses is if it dips -10%, your stop triggers, sells, and then it moons before you buy back.
If you buy low and near long term historical trend lines, though, this risk is mitigated and even if you lose some potential profit every now and then, at least you didn't lose a huge percent if an unexpected dip or epic dump occurs.
Hey Mister, you dropped this!
thanks anon, except that i own 1000 powr, not 1000 of anything elseill keepp hoping/holding and trying
Wtf is happening that was a clear inverted cup and handle.
This should have skyrocketed down.
This coin is defying every law
How does I math?1000 POWR at current BTC prices = 0.10285650 BTC0.10285650 * 1.05^150 = 155.1 BTC155.1 BTC * $8,244 = $1.28 million
what the fuck you on about.
That, or just HODL $1,000 in POWR until end of spring and be worth about $700k>$700 per pwr>literally 244 billion marketcapyeah no
have you taken buy/sell fee's into consideration in that equation?
a coin?
i wish, but that would be a 70,000 percent increase within 4-5 monthsyeah.. no
It bounced hard off of 10k when you posted that, but now we're retesting it again.
All it takes is a whale or two to realize how much he has already gained and we'll be testing 8k.
bought at .28 POWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Yeah I'm in since 30 cents USD so I'm comfy as fuck
oooo im so excited
same, I bought more at 9500 though an it's getting a bit close to that for comfort right now.
I'm still not that worried about it.
It has to reverse this trend eventually.
lol, this one goes in my /biz/ scrapbook.
Guys give it to me straight.
If I go to sleep right now will I want to hang myself when I wake up?
Dip hasn't reversed yet.
Why are you day trading?
Just hold.
This shit will be $2 by Q1 2018.
No, it's going to reverse eventually.
Big announcement coming in a few hours.
Just hodl and enjoy the gains.
Bbbrrrapppower
Update on the chart.
It's still going as I predicted and still expect the points on it to be about the same (within 100 to 200 sats), its just taking a lot longer than I predicted.
Patience I guess (REEEEEEEEEEEEE)Love,Lain
How are you predictions making?
https://mobile.twitter.com/tech_mahindraThis is the indian company that pwr has a partnership with.
The link to their main website on that twitter page doesn't work.
Shady?
I'm not even sure what the company does.
Also how come all their communication is in English?
And this vague description of what they are is from their site ->The Mahindra Group is a USD 19 billion federation of companies that enables people to rise through innovative mobility solutions, driving rural prosperity, enhancing urban living, nurturing new businesses and fostering communities.
It has a leadership position in utility vehicles, information technology, financial services and vacation ownership in India and is the world’s largest tractor company, by volume.
It also enjoys a strong presence in agribusiness, components, commercial vehicles, consulting services, energy, industrial equipment, logistics, real estate, steel, aerospace, defence and two wheelers.
Headquartered in India, Mahindra employs over 200,000 people across 100 countries.
Hello Anon.
This is Lain.
I just realize that due to an error in my calculations it is taking twice as long as I expected.Here is the original chart.
I'm gonna post the new one, which will be exactly the same but on 2x the timeframe in a moment (gotta make it first).Apologies for all the confusion and REEEEEE....buy and sell points still say the same.
Op here.
Got out, bought bch at 0.170.
Best decision ever so far.
Hope I do t fuck this one up!
Will buy again l8er
Any thoughts on how big BCH is going to get tonight, lain?
Okay.
Sorry for the error.
That's what happens when you don't double check your work before releasing charts.
Here is the exact same chart but on a 2x time frame.Let me look at it now
I'm going to sleep what are you guys putting your buy order at?
I put it at 8500 but I now don't think it's gonna dip that Los, considering 9k or even 9500
I don't know yet, i'm gonna stay up for as long as it takes.
i got two hours of sleep yesterday.
im good
Those are some cool lines you have there
I didn't want to look because I don't like some lines, but I concur.
those are cool lines.
D E L U S I O N A LELUSIONAL
"Its going to tank" Mean while we ate breaking out again and at 10400
Shit I have a feeling this is gonna explode tomorrow morning around 8am est...
I'm considering getting in at 9700k now....
EVERYONE I NEED YOU TO LEND ME YOUR STRENGTH TO BREAK 11000K.RAISE YOUR HANDS TYPE I HAVE THE POWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Lines don't scare me!
Holding!!
Okay, so $BCH looks like it will go up a bit, but it looks like it will be a fairly weak run.
Don't plan on ATH or probably anywhere near it.
With pumping miners, that could change, but I don't think they will pump it now.
If BTC decided to go on a massive dip for some reason (unlikely), maybe.
top tier memes
We need a new thread.
We are not getting joostd!
Just bought another 10k at .78Faithing.
It will, but that will be after the dip.
Look at my chart postedThat 7000k is reached at 7am EST
Fucking HODL that shit, this is GODCOIN
Does your chart account for it doing nothing but going sideways...
I HAVE THE POWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
pls show 1W chart, that line must be steep AFmirin balls of steel

You really think It will hit 7k?
I could believe 8k but 7k?
That's bold
I love you and will pay you 5 PAY tokens to have a beer with me, platonic mostly except the beer which i will make love to.
Praise be, O wise One.
yeshuzzah
Tech Mahindra is one of the biggest engineering and resource tech companies in the world.Kids these days.
How do I convert pwr into BTC
https://mobile.twitter.com/tech_mahindraThen why doesnt the link to their website on their twuttle page work?
How is pwr gonna sell pwr to people when their currencies price fluctuates because of "speculators"
BUY THE WARHAMMER
The power is converted to Sparkz, which are pegged to AUD
Post yfw you enter the gates of lamboland
Why should I be investing in this currencyAm I somehow benefitting powr as a company by buying thisWhy should I except power utilities to wanna use this?
I can see it being used in poorer countries maybe but the power utility business is a monopoly in the us
You have to go back, Reddit
no one on biz explains this im lazy
Do you hate money?
Yes?
Don't invest No?
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
yes master
Will it reach 15k next week?
Probably by end of this week
lmao you fucking idiots are the moles in whack-a-mole.
I smash one Powr fudding idiot down and another one pops up.Here it is again.
Powr is heading to 1B marketcap in under a week.
It cannot be FUD'd successfully because everything the shills say about it is true, FUDers just lie and make shit up.It is the ONLY COIN with HUGE partnerships, real world implementation, etc etc etc I'm done explaining.Buy it or get left behind.
80% of you are RETARDS.-twitter.com/lambolydia
This.
Ok, ok but is it really going to dip to 7k in the next few hours?
No, it has too much momentum and too much volume.
Powr can't be touched by pajeets or pump and dump groups.
Just buy and hold and thank me in 2 weeksa dip of a few cents is peanuts, you guys need to get over this and learn how to invest.
99% of day traders lose overall in the end, don't do it unless you have an army of trading bots.
If you time the market yourself you WILL fail.-twitter.com/lambolydia
Here is the final version of the chart.
I realized I didn't modify the dip and recovery points to accommodate the lengthened time frame after I realized my error and 2x the time length.
This version has that fixed.I'm going to sleep for a bit since we'll be dipping for the next 7 hours or so.
I'll set my alarm to go off when the price gets close to 8200 then.Feel free to share this chart in the next thread, but please don't take it off /biz/.
Too many people see it and it becomes too much competition to get ideal buys/sells filled.A bit past 15k, yes
lol u guys are going to be left with bags of this shitcoin>solarx in 2 months.
LOLif you buy now you deserve to lose all your money on a shitty shit coin like power
this.
dude i think you are the bag holder here.
trying to get people to buy solar because you held on to it for too long after pbc came out lol.
You dumb cuck.
Do you know what you just said?
Solar was also moving on an elliot wave pattern.
Want to know how much solar went up at peak from market entry flatline price?
14,000%.
What if you had entered when it first hit the market?
Think about that for a minute.
Lame lain has a point.
This coin is going to make everyone holding it rich.
Like, its as if these cucks dont realize this coin is literally being used by an entire city in aus right now (Fremantle)... No other coin, not even btc, can say that.
lel that almost looks ike a Darvas box.
hey you want to know my favorite part of that article?https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Technical_analysistechnical analysis is rolling bones faggot.
I'm still on profit, I'll sell back as soon I reach a loss
that's a lot of energy to trade
buy high and sell low?
why people sell before the real gains?
its coming by the end of the week.
every new announcement will make it skyrocket
Deluded.
It's headed back to 5k
Oh no!
It dipped 2 cents!
Better sell it all right?
?shush faggot.
Powr is the only coin worth investing in right now.