>go to a community college>Try engineering>transfer to a CSU >fail>get into business>accounting, fail>finance, fail>some other business, fail>quit school at 30 years old>No job prospects>been looking for six months years old>never been kissed>never had a girlfriend>if it wasn't for hookers, I'd be a virginWhat now, /biz/?
Time to kill myself?
invest in EPY and I'll give you a new gem no one knows about yet cuz i feel bad for you called HST but that is for you to figure out yourself.
not ready to openly shill that one yet.
youre still young anon
Jesus christ, it is blatantly obvious anyone shilling EPY is a paid curry eater.FUCK OFF.
NO ONE WANTS TO BUY YOUR SHITBAGS.You post about it in EVERY thread, and make a sad attempt to relate it to the OP.
Neck yourself already.
Why did you fail?
You went into some math based courses, you obviously have extremely poor work ethic and discipline and/or suck with numbers.Go learn some basic HTML/CSS, make websites.
Try your hand at digital marketing afterwards, dont need college for that.
That industry while saturated is still booming.Pretty easy to land a tech job at 35k and work up to 60-70k in a few years.What went wrong that was in your control?
Not bereavement or anythng, but if you remember any moments where you knew you were avoiding work, reflect on them.Also go to the gym.
The fact you're kissless and only fuck hookers inclines me to believe you are GROSSLY antisocial, or the more obvious, plain unattractive.Best of luck.
thinking a college actually qualifies you for anythingYou're not going to like it but in your situation the best thing to do is swallowing your pride, and start to work in an acceptable branch.Work yourself up.
If you are 31 there is absolutely no excuse anymore, I did the same thing when I was 18 and 19, it was excusable then but at some point you just have to do it, but don't do it blindly and dump places that pull you down instead of up.Make the jobs of the higher ups easier and they make it easy for you later on in exchange, if you actually make their jobs easier.
why stop at yourself kek go for the high score.
Why did you fail?
You went into some math based courses, you obviously have extremely poor work ethic and discipline and/or suck with numbers.Pure Math courses I did pretty well.
I spent 4+ hours per day on Math.
I just never got Physics or any of the Engineering courses.
The Math was super easy in business.
I just never got Finance or Accounting.
I put up about 3+ hours a day on those courses, but I never got it.
I wasn't going to continue wasting my time and money, so I quit.
The good thing is that the majority of time I had FAFSA, so I only had 10K in debt by the end of my college endeavor which I paid off through my parents.
What do you mean by " and start to work in an acceptable branch"?
I can't even get a call back from a McDonalds job since I have no work experience.
Whatever youre interested in you will be successful in