Let's put our hands into our collective ass and get out of it a guess about how deep the dip will dip.We'll touch 5000.
no, it will not.
Nice.
bought 100K.
btw, Oldfagbiztard just started a BTC Thread.
Get in or get left.
Alt week is over for the month.
Nuh huh.
It'll dip down to $7.5k after hitting $13k, potentially a dip as BTC tests $10k
Doesn't seems like the 5600 dip was a real dip, it was so sudden, it was just a cross caused by the FUD.A dip is generally characterised by a weeks long down trend, which didn't happen so far.
It will hit 1402 in DecemberScreenshot and check 'amBe greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy.
We'll touch 5000.lmao, that ship has sailed.
never to be seen again
you realize if BTC ever drops that low again, Roger and crew will seize that opportunity to crush core once and for all and crown BCH king?
they nearly managed it when it dipped to 5400
But beecash is a centralised mess.I'm pretty sure gold and bitcoin are valued because no one can change the supply, modify the fundamentals or just plain wipe it clean overnight, like fiat, ethereum or beecash.
Coins are valued due to fundamentals and techSorry mate, but if that was the truth BTC would both be dead long ago and the BCH fork wouldn't even exist.
BTC is useless.
There are many better coins that also can't be significantly changed.
mentally ill larper shills his buttcoins
It'll probably only dip to $6200 or so this time, then it'll creep back up and hit $10000 by Christmas.
I wish you turds would realize that no one gives a fuck about alts yet besides us and btc is unstoppable because it’s ‘the first’ and we have a fucking long time until alts become mainstream.
People don’t even know what the fuck Ethereum is when it’s #2.
Stop forgetting what an autist you are and come to terms with this.Bch will NEVER replace Btc.
Not even in the distant future because by the time it ever could, much better alts will be mainstream.
We were supposed to hit 4500 though.I don't think the correction really happened yet.