I was recently approached by a couple of investors about buying a property and then building a small "hotel" to do short term leasing with hotel ammenities.
Basically a mix of a hotel and airbnb apartment complex.
How bad of an idea is it to invest?
What would be the best way to secure an initial loan to buy the property?
What would be the best way to get an additional loan to start construction?
investorsInvestors aren't looking for patsies like these guys are.They want to you front all the responsibilities for financial compensation.They are more your managers and less your "partners".>secure a loanThey are definitely not investors.
They're signing me onto their business as a partner and the loans would be in the company's name.
I don't really have to put any money into it, and I'm trying to do a loan with a lien on the property that we're buying.
Then your op is wrong.You want to start a company with two partners to change a property into a hotel.You need a business loan which would mean having a clear goal and having a lot of the ground work already accomplished.There are a lot of websites for info into creating a startup which you should really read.It's a lot harder than just going to a bank and getting a loan because there isn't one specific person to hold accountable.
Also:>making a guy who has to go on /biz/ to figure out how to create a business a partner with no investment at allCan you say doomed to fail spectacularly?
Anon, I know.
I talked to a commercial property broke and my accountant and they said the same thing.
But these guys are my friends.
So how do I tell them that the idea is stupid and unfeasible?
Say you're too busy with your other work/projects but since they're your friends you're available for free advice and consulting, etc.
housing prices is ath.
i suggest you wait for the recession that will come in a year or so before you enter real estate business.
There is nothing wrong with starting a company with your bros.Just don't jump in specifically because they are your friends.Do everything required for setting up a company first and then worry about the property last.That's the biggest financial hurdle but its not the first thing you do.Hes not entering real estate.He is creating a start up hotel.Waiting to start a business only makes sense if your yearly income is expected to be lower than the drop in property price.