https://youtu.be/bRRHu067F9s"It wasnt pump and dump!
It was the flippening!
"-cashtardPlease help yourself and watch first 3 minutes of video linked above.
It is clickbait name, but it is actually livestream showing showing the volume pump in action.
And dump.
Tfw things are either pump or dump or flippening, no room for novelty or variation.
Tfw you listen to datadash.
Aka................... Betadash.
i thought this guy was smart but now he comes out against bch and implies satoshi would defend btc from bch
Even satoshi knows that his vision isn't more important than community consensus.
He bows to adam back
Bitcoin is a bunch of libertarian survivalist gunculture faggots who like to sit on their stack of coins because they're too yellowbellied to All-In Daytrade like shitcoin chads.
Don't listen to anything those zealots have to say -- it's larpy dogshit.
Go where the lambos are.
Dude your denial is strong, there is no questin if the bch market was manipulated because it was.
links to some pizza face nu-male reddit youtubercorecucks everyone
All crypto is manipulation.
Every coin is manipulated.
People who white knight "purecoins" don't know anything about what creates price action in the slightest.
Bitcoin is good for buying meth-infused fleshlights, not saving starving African children.
Ronpaul69 begs to differ -- good for him.
If you had slightest understanding of how things work you wouldnt need to wonder if it was pump&dump or "flippening".
Flippening hype was caused for this pnd to work.
And it did work.
It was indeed the biggest pump and dump in whole cryptohistory.
Here's one from Kraken.
So you didnt even watch the 3minutes?
Thats literally exchanges price movement where you can see the manipulation.
Kys
Damn, 0.5...
They really tried.
But failed!
I don't care about dumps, what I do care about is if it's gonna get filled up like a cheap whore for a few more peaks.
A good chinaman centralized slutcoin is ripe for a repeated number of inflations.
There's mainstream news hype about BCH.
People are psychologically thrilled from the Saturday "every American is drunk and buying" rally.
And the Mr. Wu Gangstas who took mms over the weekend are frothing at the maw for more, believe you that.
it really wasi shilled teh fuck outta it :)
I dont care about money, i have enough already.
I care about crypto kicking globalist bankers into the nuts!
Hopefully the kick will be so hard that they lose fertility and will die off.
That is what i care.
My personal wealth and riding the pumps are irrelevant compared to the success of crypto adoption.Of course lambo would be nice, but i dont need it.