>He trades without suicidal leverage
Just put 20k on nintendo.
Should I start doing margins now
If you feel like you HAVE to trade, dedicate a small portion of your portfolio to hardcore gamblin!
It helps keep you sane and prevents you from getting itchy with your other positions.
The biggest mistake you can make is trading too much.
Stop feeling like you have to make a salary with your trades, just let the opportunity come to you.
There will be clear entry points in the future, even if there are none now.
Patience is #1https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09
Oh wow, i summoned the bitmex shill i got this image from lmao.
Don't forget that you can use the link to sign up for 6 months off of trading fees!You're gonna need it!
just went 100x long on bch
could be big if you don't get margin called on a tiny dip
I made 100K from 300 USD by trading with 100x on every trade on BitmexI lost it all though and now back to 0 however next time I won't push it
I should add some trades I had to pull out of in less than a minute.
Some real autistic shit sat on amphetamines with a cig hanging out of my mouth just staring at the screen tunnel vision
Saved, time to hit the leverage slots
which exchange?
you full of shit bitch but I respect youre lies
Note on Restricted JurisdictionsAt this time, BitMEX cannot serve customers in your country.
You may still create an account, but you will be unable to deposit.
If you wish to try simulated trading, please try ourBitMEX TestnetLAND OF THE FREEEEEE
No bullshit
I'm really starting to hate the US senpai.Not only because of shit like this, but because THEY FULLY TAX YOU NO MATTER WHERE YOU GO IN THE WORLD.
As long as you're a US citizen, Uncle Sam is going to track you down and make you fucking pay.
The only other country that does this in the entire world is Eritrea.
Fucking ERITREA.
germanfag here>tfw living in socialist shithole flooded with niggers>tfw even germanistan doesnt tax you on worldwide income>tfw zero taxes on crypto gains
I was in Germany last month.
Not a bad place, just seems a little soulless At least your government doesn't fuck you in the ass with worldwide taxes
They get fucked in the ass other ways.
However America is the last country on earth that should have the taxes it does.
My cousin cashed out of Coinbase and didn't pay a dime on it.
The Man never came after him.
That's the problem.
The problem is when you try to buy a house or car with that money, and they're asking where you got it.
*that's not the problem
just b urself and gains will come to you :^)
Tax is not easy in Germany.
Don´t feel to safe in your position.
HAHAHAHA FAGGOT SHOULD HAVE PICKED SONY, IM A WHALE AND WILL SHORT NINTENDO IN 4 HRS
No reporting form and nobody is watching the money dumbfuck who is bothering all these hookers and pimps you fucking wagecuck
Its because they are PUBLIC OFFICERS, OVER PUBLIC PROPERTY
the state of this board