Bitfinexes new Polish bank for Euros?Wow, these bank details will burn their business to the ground.
That's why they couldn't admit to how their banking worked prior to this!
IT WAS A SECRET SAUCE AND NOW ITS RUINED!/sarcasmSWIFT: POLUPLPR https://www.bankbps.pl/english
https://www.bankbps.pl/englishITS SOME TINY ASS BANK IN POLAND FUCKING KEK
/sarcasmanon I highly reccomend you check this website out!
reddit.com
haha Im not the source faggot I just copy pasted I got lil pajeets doing my investigative work for me.
>take your tinfoil hat off
 Bank Spółdzielczy w SkierniewicachLiterally a local credit union in a town of 50K people.
Some enterprising Pole is going to get busted for money laundering.
Kek.
i've not submitted a withdrawal request yetaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
SAME BANK AS CEX.IO.this is getting interesting.
ITS REAL GUYS MARKET IS CRASHING AND THE WORST THING ABOUT IS THIS TIME I CANT SHORT BTC ON BITFINEX FUCKKKK WHERE ELSE CAN I SHORT BTC?!!!!!??
>Yfw you exited your bitfinex coins to private wallets before this news has been breaking
hahah holy shit good find.
BITMEX HOMIE100X NO STOP LOSSYOU GOT THIShttps://www.bitmex.com/register/YgC8kJ
LOL @ all you fat autists that tried to earn bigbux with leverage on some shitty scam site that is about to MtGox Next time keep your stuff somewhere safe like coinbase
Big if tru
exchange>safePick one.
to reach your goals, never trust the poles
Explain this please for brainlet.
Am i fucked?
CRYPTO SP.
Z O.O.Per Polish company records (KRS) the director is one Molina Lee Ivan Manuel.
Pic related.
Bitfinex's new Euro bank is under the account name "CRYPTO SP.ZO.O".
The Euro Bank is not in the name of Tether, or Bitfinex.
WHY ISNT IT TIED TO THE BUSINESS?SHADY AS FUCK
so is this a new mtgox?
glad i stayed with the chads from gdax
WTFPruszków countyPruszków was the center of Polish organized crime for many yearsPolish mafia laundering money?
one of my friends was telling me to put some money into cex a couple weeks ago.this will be interdasting.
o boi
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/71fuf5/so_today_i_had_to_file_a_police_report_against/
AHAHAHAHAHAGET FUCKED IDIOTS.I TOLD YOU, I FUCKING TOLD YOU TO EXIT!
W-what's going on in this thread?
brainlet hereexplain this plz
Ivan Manual Molina Lee is listed as the director of multiple companies in Panama.I think he is a proxy spic used to register offshore co's in Panama since he has random businesses of various industries registered, however one that stood out was: Crypto Capital Management Corp, Crypto Capital Corp Both are CONFRIMED SCAM COMPANIESGoogle Crypto Capital CorpPeople are about to be Mt.GoxxedGet out of Bitfinex NOW
THIS IS THE FUTURE YOU ASKED FORTHIS IS THE FUTURE YOU PAID FOR
Why the fuck is btc not crashing then???
you re all a bunch of lying pajeets REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

just wait till news spread, i hope btc crushes so i can buy that B
its a fucking shell get out now
See this: cryptocapitalcorp.blog(GAYSPAMFILTER)spot.co.ukBitfinex involved with same people.Fuck this month has been crazy for crypto scams - Bitpetite, Confido now a fucking exchange is about to exit scam and bring down half of BTC with it.
thats some narcos shit
Because tether is fucking irrelevant and FUDsters wanted to buy cheap BTC.
In any case it will pump while alts crash a bit.
Molina Lee Ivan ManuelTwo connected companies:Neso Inc Sp.
z o.o.ul.
Bohaterów Warszawy 23/202-495 WarszawaMazowieckieKRS: 0000634174NIP: 5223070106Regon: 365268524ANDGlobal Trade Solutions AG,in Zug, CHE-109.428.391, Aktien-gesellschaft (SHAB Nr.
248 vom 21.12.2016, Publ.
3237393).
Statu-tenänderung: 28.03.2017.
Aktien neu: 100 Namenaktien zu CHF 1'000.00 [bisher: 100 Inhaberaktien zu CHF 1'000.00].
Mitteilungen neu: Mitteilungen an die Aktionäre erfolgen per Brief, E-Mail oder Telefax an die im Aktienbuch verzeichneten Adressen.
[Ferner Ände-rung nicht publikationspflichtiger Tatsachen].
[Mit Statutenände-rung vom 28.03.2017 wurde der Nebenzweck der Gesellschaft geän-dert.].
Eingetragene Personen neu oder mutierend: Molina Lee, Ivan Manuel, panamaischer Staatsangehöriger, in Panama City (PA), Präsident des Verwaltungsrates, mit Einzelunterschrift; Krämer, Ivo Michael, von Oberbüren, in Unterägeri, Mitglied des Verwaltungsra-tes, mit Einzelunterschrift.Tagesregister-Nr.
4264 vom 31.03.2017 / CHE-109.428.391 / 03446833
Things like this cry to governments to step in and regulate (which they are only too happy to do).2
hahahahah holy shit
I hate u all.
there were people for days now who said that something is really fishy and its better to get out of crypto now for some time.
all i could read was nsa.
fuck u
where should I put my iota then?!?
I am worried now thanks faggots
i love how autistic biz is
top wew
>Bitfinex is a scam it has no banking!
!>Bitfinex only uses a POLISH bank!
hahahhaha withdraw all your money its an exit scamthis board is hilarious
Pole here, it's one of the shittiest bank in here.
I am about 70% certain bitfinex is polish mafia loundering money.
What?
If you keep your bitcoin in a wallet at this point you're retarded.
Bitcoin won't survive another 80% retrace bear market, the difficulty is too high.
This is /pol/ level
laundering
difficulty doesn't adjustanon..
I..I would really like a 3 year bear market and owning 1000 bitcoin, can we do it?
It's about time this shitcoin died for good.God I hate this overpriced piece of shit.
Yeah let's all just mine at a 80% loss for 2 weeks straight.
Are u guys fucking retarded?
Finding a proper bank who wants to deal in millions from crypto is hard.
The location of the bank doesn't matter either.
Stupid burgers have never heard of nomads or crossborder
Dude, If bitocin Crashes it's dead.
Miner's move to Bitcoin cash which will make the core difficulty adjustment happens in 100years.That's it.
Tether killed Blockstream killed butfinex.
Long lives Satoshis vision.Minister you, Satoshi
That's the bank.
Now behold the CRYPTO HQ.
Pic related.
Note.
SPRZEDAM = FOR SALE.
Post a source for that image.
may 2014
google streetview is realtime
hahahahah top fucking kek
if this ends worse than mtgox what are the chances that all cryptocurrencies become banned?
I mean china and russia already did their part
If it was for sale in May 2014, wouldn't it be logical that the current operators bought it then?
Buy NEO now.
Tether = confirmed Polish mafia money laundering scheme that runs bitfinex too
This is the Panama registered shell company which also owns both Bitfinex and Cex.ioIvan Manual SpicMeister is director of this company too.https://cryptocapital.co/All those fiats will be siphoned off into Panama and then a million different accounts in various tax havens once the exit scam commences.SpicMeister is paid to play dumb.
nobody knows.
but bitcoin is likely done.
there are other better alternatives
4492757
I have like 4000 ETP on bitfinex, what do?
Get rekt
can someone explain this to a retard who started 4 days ago?
thx
????
?https://www.mifare.net/company/cryptotech-sp-z-o-o-ltd/
this is a good thread.loving the drive-by footage outside the bank.4492964
Bullshit.
I know for a fact that institutional money is coming into BTC.
Allow me to explain*breathes in*AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
yeah after it crashes you think they are going to buy the top hahaha think again.
You think they don't work with organized crime haha think again.
suddenly people know everything about the scam and post all this stuff.
at the same time ETP is getting some HUGE exposure and bitfinex is the only exchange its on + etp wallet has problems.
take what you want out of this.
i'm buying more ETP, risky but let's see how it goes
bitcoin recovered from mtgox too also if it fails every other alts is going down basically someone is going to be cucked hard
deluded.
no use talking with u
https://www.mifare.net/company/cryptotech-sp-z-o-o-ltd/Legit and unrelated.
Sells RFID hardware.
Bitcoin got stuffed with air which got replaced my fiat from normies.Butfinex replaced fiat with tether which is also air.
Now butfinex has all the fiat and bitcoin is bloated only with air which will erupt in a sensational diarrhea shitting spree cause anon found out tether is mafia drug money which was replaced by normie fiat through bitcoin
I get the AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA bit fo sho but like won't this keep normies out for longer and mean that...idk this shit fucks my brain too.
bitfinex is the best exchange at the moment though
And if you look at other thread on biz you will see how deluded people are.This is a peak of mania phase.Noone cares about money laundering, tether hack, tether fork, usdt aritifical pumps.All the threads are:" HEY BIZ, WHERE TO DO 10 X, WHAT TO BUY, I WANT 10 X, MOON, MOON, GET IN WE MOON.
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCMENT PARTNERSHIP MOON MOON" while in fact all altcoins are tanking and there is a red flag inside every cryptoinvestor butthole but they are likeTHIS IS FINE THIS IS CRYPTO RED FLAG IN MY BUTTHOLE IS DECENTRALIZATION.Geez, people never learn.
They deserve to lose it all.
You ever seen THe Big Short?
Situations this fucked up take time before it hits home
delete this.
Or Pershing cie zapierdoli
SpicMeisterI refuse to believe this timeline is real
is polish mafia loundering moneytell me more
screen capped this whole thread
haha thats true.
everyone wants to drive a lambo next year sponsored by a coin
someone needs to ring that number
I want to be part of this historic moment
I found the faggot that is listed as the director of Bitfinex, Cex.io and Crypto Capital Corphttps://www.linkedin.com/in/ivanmolinaj/He is just a Panamanian offshore tax avoidance hack accountant though.
The real players will be hidden behind a web of shell companies.
yeah I'm getting sick of al them type of threads 24/7.
New coin produced every other min and would be unsurprising that criminal gangs etc would be involved in this since millions can be made in such a short time
same haha
Don't forget Biiiiitttttcoooneeeeeeect collapse is imminent.
I read that some of the big guys like that nigger Trevon are starting to withdraw their balances.
so when's the bitcoin crash?
i need to sell and rebuy at lower levels to double my stack
what about the $30mill+ stolenin tether?
Sorry if I'm late but just reading about it now, the wallet is 16tg2RJuEPtZooy18Wxn2me2RhUdC94N7rlol you can see he is siphoning all of the money out bit by bit
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Posting in ebin breadThis is what all the moonfags get for ignoring so many blatant warnings and falling for shilling.
screen capped this whole threadPost the cap.
Why the fuck is it taking 3 days to withdraw BTC from bitfinex to another wallet?>Processing
Literally just finished watching it
No he isn't there are no recent transactions from that address.
Because we've been goxxed m8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU
I lied I have to go cash out and eat some filet and lobster now anons.
Someone screen cap this for us all.That is fucking hilarious.
Good fucking luck to you if avoid this.
Its in the ether now.
I give it 3 days to spread.
In 25 mins my iota withdrawal will hit 24hr pending
Never used bitfinex and opted for fiat at an all time high to prepare for dip
Just tested an omg withdrawal, it completed in a normal time.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/21/technology/bitcoin-bitfinex-tether.html?_r=0>Bitfinex has been fined, lost its bank accounts, been hacked 2 (now 3) times and provides little info about its operations.
That hasn't stopped it from becoming the largest Bitcoin exchange in the world
hahah bitfinex is about to be crushed.
They said 2 days ago they would make an official announcement and they still haven't now with this NY Times article omg its really fucking happening.
I just exited all crypto markets I am 100% in USD right now
Might be later here but regarding that CEX website, this morning I got a successful log-in attempt (right on the first try) to my account.
I hold no money there and created it a long time ago, so it isn't a big deal, but the "user agent" was listed as Mom Fucker from some IP address in Warszawa.
Tether?
kek
I've lost money believing in these end of world trolls, both in real life and in crypto.
Every fucking week, there's always a troll saying crypto or the world is about to collapse so what typically happens is I waste precious money buying shit I'll never need like generators, water tanks, and within crypto, sell early and lose the massive gains.
You hear of these idiots all the time.
There's a whole show dedicated to them aka doomsday PREPPERS.
Some of them are fucking bat crazy, like taking out massive loans to buy a missile silo to hide under there because they believe there's an eminent missile strike by North Korea.
Fuck, Now don't get me wrong, I like shows like the walking dead but please, brighten the fuck up.
No bank is willing to touch crypto right now because of the stigma attached to it, so these companies are having a hard time finding someone who will take fiat deposits.
It's the same thing in Australia.
The exchange I use is credible, but they've switched banks 3 times now, my guess is top management find out and close the accounts due to the nature of the risks.
HOWEVER, Crypto is expanding and by next year, Wallstreet will be entering this space.
When those fuckers enter, expect banks to be BTC industry friendly, why?
because when Wallstreet demands it, banks open their legs.
All the dodgey shit you are seeing with Bitfinex, Tether, Blockstreetm, is the SAME TYPICAL shit played out amongst Wallstreet banks.
The only difference is they get regulated after a period of time.
Crypto will get regulated the same way.
Full thread cap here: https://i.imgur.com/MSj2WGf.jpgCannot post this as pic related because it's too large.
Some anon edit pls.
4493170the 99% owner of Crypto sp z o.o.
is CRYPTO CAPITAL CORP. https://cryptocapital.co/ (Panama)
hi mom, i'm famous
4493825
So...btc drops in price, miners switch over to bch, and btc dies a slow agonizing death.
is that correct?
Is this it?
for bitfinex, yes.
that would only be true if tether is destroyed and people lose faith in BTC and price keeps tanking compared to BCH for a sustained period of time.
e.g.
1+ mo
Managed to get a refund yet for the btc you sold at 1k, bitfinexd?Friendly reminder the source of all this bullshit is from a single person who cashed out at 1k, got btfo by institutional investors that came in under him, begged bitfinex for a refund and has been raging every single day since
That dude better have good security.
People are going to lose their shit when this insolvency comes to the light.
I didn't believe in this originally, but how god damned obvious can it get.>wells Fargo terminates relations>don't worry Tethers will fix it>Mt.Gox style pump starts>we're solvent check this """audit""" out>rumors spread>we are solvent we'll make an announcenment >oops we got hacked but we'll hard fork>still no announcement>transparency page showed red>gets taken off for """maintenance"""bch has no protection from this shit.
If btc goes tons of structure faith and money are fucking gone.The funds are fungible anyways so this shit will tank every single coin.
Maybe coins like xmr, ltc, and eth won't be hit as hard, but there's no reason that tether wasn't pumping bch for free cash as well.
Komodo Platform’s Decentralized Exchange BarterDEX>win
What kind of damage do you foresee being done
what the fuck makes you think wallstreet will adopt crypto when china and russia banned it lol?do you think the fed is willing to lose its influence over some code?
Even if he is the source he ironically struck something.
One salty autist happened to uncover fraud.
Theres no fraud it's just a private entity not being transparent with the public when they don't have to
what site is this?
If you honestly don't think something weird is going on with Bitfinex then I don't know what to say.
It's not the apocalyptic scenario people are talking about where BTC dies.
There will be a dip then it will rocket back up.
Finex is almost certainly doing some hinky shit.
literally the only coin surviving this, besides that it could become #1
If you're dumb enough to blindly follow the advice of trolls *both* IRL and online, you really deserve every loss you've experienced.When people spread FOMO or FUD, you should start asking why would they say what they say, why go to the trouble of advertising or rumors about something.Nobody EVER promotes or condemns something without hoping to benefit from idiots who have more common cents than common sense.If you think your money is so precious, keep it under your bed instead of throwing it into high risk investments like cryptocurrency.A fool and his money are soon parted.
Same shit Gox did but with a quicker rebound.
Just a guess though the people finding this info are smarter than me though I'm just praying for a fucking correction so I can start buying moon dip
Trips of truth.
i love the smell of moneroj
Lad, the number of companies this Panama fag is linked to - he is just an accountant that sells off the shelf companies to people who want to launder money / evade tax in Panama via offshore entities.
He probably doesn't even know what any of the companies he signs the paperwork for actually do.
Plus he is probably under armed guard after the Panama Papers leak incase he gets Clinton'd.
Yeah even most darknet markets are slowly adopting it fully This will be the new btc if btc falls
bought 500xmr for $80, best decision in a while, also, no sell order for this gem
lolhttps://twitter.com/bitfinex/status/933134086289453056
Anyoneu used cryptocapital.co ?
https://twitter.com/bitfinex/status/933134086289453056lol that's their official statement?
HAHAHAHAHAHA HOLYSHIT
I started signing up for it once but the form was way too needy for how fishy the company looks for my standards.
"what can we do to make our exit scam look legit?"
In this thread: Picture related.
Lmao the absolute state of bitfinex
USD, GBP, EUR WE'LL TAKE ANY FIAT AT THIS POINT JUST KEEP PUTTING MORE MONEY PLEASE WE CANT KEEP PRINTING THESE ETHER FOR MUCH LONGERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
so whats the plan when shit goes down?
coinbase then fiat?
It's over for bitcoin.
How will it ever recover?
You know.... Coinbase doesn't care where it gets its BTC from (most of the time).And Bitfinex doesn't care that you sent it BTC from Coinbase.
Wall street is NOT entering, they're opening futures, which are CASH settled and are not required to buy BTC at all; what you should be worried about as soon as wall street enters is that THERE WILL BE A VESTED INTEREST TO SEEK OUT THE SCAMMERS/SKETCHY since you can finally buy put options (ie.
short positions) for all this shit, then seek out regulators/audits of exchanges driving your puts through the roof.
If the exchanges dont implode from all the fake $$ currently in the system propping up coin values before then, taking up put options is like buying a buck for nothing
What are you getting at?
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/21/technology/bitcoin-bitfinex-tether.html?_r=1SELL SELL SELL
msm picks the story up>faggots still claim it's only a dipIf BTC doesn't crash on it's own, the futures traders will rip it to pieces once it's listed on the CME
yup trevon nog cashing out of bit connect everyone its over https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoulcJBNnKQ&feature=em-uploademail
Jesus christ
kek

Has anyone been having issues withdrawing from bitfinex?
My withdraw has been processing for 3 days now.
For the past 7 months, they were hiding how they did their banking.
Why?Money laundering.
crypto withdrawl?the bitfinex PR guy is in the daily r/bitcoinmarkets thread telling everyone you can wire transfer out USD/EUR.This means only about 2-3 days before the site goes full gox.
Heres a bitfinex wallet they are cashing out large amounts right now https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
4495846holy fuck
44958464495846
9% dip>large amount
you dumb fuck they are going to do it an inconspicuous as possible so idiots like you can't see what they are doing.
Its easy to see the pattern all the fuckin evidence is right here.
its their cold wallet, funds move in and out all the time?
it's fun following where those btc go.
I'm watching the big chunks (~500btc).
So far they just go from high volume wallet to high volume wallet.If I had that much and was withdrawing from bitfinex, I'd use a fresh address.Any evidence any of these cold wallet coins are leaving the bitfinex ecosystem?
As far as I know, BCH was mainly pumped with BTC on a Korean exchange which had 60% of the volume during the "flippening".
Hence after that exchange went offline for 2 hours that momentum stopped completely.
I estimate coins with a true USD or fiat market won't be as effected e.g shit you can buy off Coinbase.
Some coins with a strong community that price trade based on fiat amounts might make it i.e the market is stable around a fiat price whenever bitcoin fluctuates.
Random coins that were used as a vehicle to accumulate bitcoins probably won't.
Track the money after those transfers it gets even more suspicious
My blockchain reading skills ain't great, care to explain?
Are any anons having problems logging onto coin base :o
https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9rClick on the most recent transaction.
1000 btc sent to another bitfinex wallet address.Then you can see they sent it all from there to a new adress with 0 transactions created today.All those sums are sent to different fresh virgin addresses not associated with them
Oh wow okay, cheers.
Glad I steered away from bitfinex
The stuff about the hack was out there before the actual announcement.People saw the github pr where they blacklisted the hacked address and got scared, hence that dip you see.
Announcement came later.Plus I bet insider trading.
Strong alts will rise on this.
People in the know have seen this coming for weeks/months.
Monero, ETH, and even LTC are pumping as people that just got in are starting to learn about Alts right as BTC is pumping, but is about to shit the bed with all the scandals and forks.
I think it will drop to 6k, and Bitcoin dominance drop to 40 percent like in the alt bullrun earlier this year.
Then BTC to $10k, lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7eho5y/tether_was_hacked_by_the_same_person_who_hacked/I know it's plebbit but is this related?
Whoever wrote this did some good digging.
Dude that's called a nominee director.
Calm your tits.
That's normal practice for special purpose LLCs
You know how exchange wallets work right?
Dont tell me youre actually this stupid.
I bet youre one of the dumb fucks who tried to do a bankrun on binance with link as well... Lmao.
Doesn't look suspicious, the balance is still fluctuating around 140k - 160k over the past months.
If it suddenly turns to zero then it's shitting time
If BTC drops hard, BCH will flip it.
with a minimum fee of $20That looks like this retarded Amerimutt "ACH wire transfer".
Fees for transferring money from one bank to another cost about 10 cents if international.
20 dollars is a fraudAvoid
Not being funny but you did accept it via the notification Mail, right?
If that worked and I saved you from being Goxed 2.0 then feel free to say thanks LhZh7tpp5pnM7fT48KHcW4nALFKpcTJDyA lul
Bitfinex isnt a lunch money exchange.
They handle serious money.
They put the bigger minimum fees in place to keep poorfags out.
They also upped minimum buy orders for btc to like $20 a few weeks ago.By the way, coinbase charges 1.5%, bitfinex only 0.1%.
$20 sounds like withdrawal fee Americunts have for what they call "wire" transfers.
The same thing in EU is free of charge or costs about 0.1 euro if international.Eh, I'm going back from Bitfinex to Kraken until I'm sure what's going on, withdrawing using BCH.
Oh apparently I can't withdraw BCH from Bitfinex to KrakenIt automatically cancels the request
that feel is very comfy... withdrew all my coins before the tether fiasco started.
Let's hope it does not happen soon then, because Monero is not ready.
Transactions are still too large.
After StringCT and Bulletproofs are implemented then Monero will be able to fly.
This faggot thinking tether will crash BTC.
So stupid.
Bitmex, retard
Mfw people still think anyone cares.People are making big bucks.
No one cares about tether shit or a shit bank in Poland.
MTGOX all over again sigh
binance
For the record.
I withdrew all my 0.5 Giota two months ago.
Guess how long it took?Thirty minutes.I feel bad for you guys that just weren't listening months ago.
these look amazing
So much hysteria over a big fat nothing burger
people will care once they exit scam
 why would the heart of capitalism go for something that two corrupt ass pseudocommunist countries wont?
Is it bad, never had any trouble with CEX, did they scam anyone before?
Never gonna happen faggot.
Not in your lifetime.
Yes.
Plenty of negative reviews, should be an easy find with Google.
I feel bad for you guys that just weren't listening months ago.I just took out my ETP and it took like 2 minutes.
fuckin asshole
Similar exchange to Bitfinex but that it wouldn't be affected should this scammy exchange go bust??
not goodI moved the biggest part of my BTC from bitfinex a few days ago, but I still think nothing will happen.
If you care about Bitcoin and cryptocurrency.
Please share this everywhere you can.https://www.change.org/p/bitfinex-com-suspend-bitfinex-platform-until-usdt-goes-through-audit
change.orgFunny.
Do not underestimate weaponized autism my friend.
Nothing really shocking there so far.
Offshore companies use nominee directors all the time (e.g.
tax lawyers who act as fiduciaries for their client).The information uncovered so far in this thread points to one of the following two scenarios:A) Bitfinex and CEX are controlled by the same offshore company, Crypto CapitalB) Bitfinex and CEX employ the services of offshore third party, Crypto Capital, as a conduit to receive fiat transfersNeither of the two scenarios is inherently nefarious or particularly worrying.
Scenario number one would mean that Crypto Capital is the holding company for different crypto exchanges, nothing more.
Scenario number two would mean that Bitfinex uses Crypto Capital as a way to link up to the fiat bank system after being cut off from Wells Fargo.TL;DR:I wouldn't use Bitfinex personally (and definitely not Tether) as a precaution (especially after the hack), but there is no evidence of wrong doing so far (that might change obviously).> Could Bitfinex be laundering mafia money?
Sure, but so could your neighbour bank.
> Is there any evidence they are laundering money?
So far, no.
> Why would these exchanges use a small credit union bank in Poland?I don't really know, but I imagine it's because it's difficult to get banking partners if you operate a crypto exchange, especially one which operates offshore.> Is it a good idea to hold Tether?Probably not.
> Is there evidence that Crypto Capital has issues and has lost money or screwed up international transfers to its clients?Yes, definitely.
I wouldn't use them personally.
If tether or bitfinex crashes, bitcoin will moon, because all the money that’s currently sitting in tether will flow to BTC as store of value.
Come talk about leaks and rumors here.
We are building community driven discord group https://discord.gg/F3SDe8S
Came into crypto literally a month ago with 4k.
Managed to make babbys first trades on Bitfinex without a loss, though for small gains.
Refused to fall for the FUD a couple of days ago and managed to make some more gains on that.
Moved half my BTC to a wallet, thought I'd see how all this would play out.
After testing the withdrawal and not getting anywhere for 12 hours I went all in on Monero before the pump and managed to get it out onto a wallet just in time.
Feeling pretty damn comfy right now guys.
Thanks /biz/>still need to figure out what exchange to go to from here
u faggot op just depositin from poland so they gave you preffered poland option nigger
Actually alot of fudders are just idiots who listen to the people you your post was about.
Humans are destructive beings, they love negativity.
Its really easy to be a bear, any minor drop or correction validates your ideas for a moment.
And then when it happens the next time its like "okay this is it, Im right and Ill buy btc super cheap."
And then the next time, and the next time.
What they dont realize is the bulls will figure out when to get out.
Maybe not at the very top, but it sure as hell beats being a bear for well over 50% of bitcoin's pump.
Shhh dont tell the noobs that most of the currency an exchange has is in cold storage.
On that I agree.
people are somehow emotionally drawn to negativity.Admittedly it is very very difficult to remain objective when your investment is dropping like a meteor.
I had a hard time holding my shit together when I saw my first BTC investment fly up +2k, and in the span of days drop down to -3k when the huge China pullout/dump happened a couple of months back.But what I find even harder is knowing whne to get out, when my investment is skyrocketing and FOMO prevents me from selling before the inevitable correction.But keeping an emotional distance from the numbers and having the balls of steel to hold is very necessary in high risk extreme volatility investments like crypto.Pic related, guy with two solid balls of titanium.
move it off derp, its super fast
to be fair if nobody cares then nobody cares.this is the market and it does what people care about
begged bitfinex for a refundwhat a baller"id like to reverse this trade now that the price is up"
the whole crypto market is one big ring of manipulation, so bitfinex doing something less than transparent isnt special.people should prepare themselves for a happening in any case
>chinese exchanges get btfo>trading moves elsewhere>bitfinex might????
get btfo>is only 10% of trading>will just go elsewhere?????
move out using the new light wallet, i did it an hour ago...
It's a strange state of affairs when people pretend data becomes invalid because of the whistleblower who brought it to the public.
It didn't work for Assange, it won't work here either.
Data is data, it doesn't care if person X is a rapist or person Y sold his bitcoins.
youre absolutely right, anon.
if the tobacco industry provides you scientific research that smoking cigarettes is not only harmless, but actually healthy, theres no reason not to believe them.
also, when sugar industry says that only fat makes you a hamplanet, dont question them either.
I mean, data is data, right?
Your stupid example actually validates GP's claims.
Take the sugar industry for example.
Data was showing that sugar is very harmful, but the research was falsified because it was convenient to.
[0]So yes, data is data you dumbfuck.
And I'll agree with you when I'll see proof that smoking is healthy.
But wait, that'll never happen so you can just STFU now.
[0]: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/09/13/493739074/50-years-ago-sugar-industry-quietly-paid-scientists-to-point-blame-at-fat
Seriously, you retards, if this is any kind of happening, why isn't BTC moving a muscle?
It's just sitting there binking against $8.3 without a care in the world.
Do you think the market isn't aware of this, but you somehow are?More /biz/ FUDtardery.
you have to be trolling, I refuse to believe that a breathing human being can be this fucking retarded.
you just proved my point with your sauce, brainlet.
Either you were sarcastic or you are retarded.
You still have the opportunity to save it.
Digits confirm
 This is the people crypto maniacs entrust with their money
I don't disagree with you, but what data is there exactly?The data I've seen is: (1) They got hacked, (2) Tether market cap is correlated to Bitcoin market cap (no shit) and (3) They have Polish bank accounts.I am not saying that the above should inspire a lot of trust, in fact I don't use Bitfinex, but I also don't really see evidence of money laundering or fraudI am happy to change my mind if you show me the data, though.
"Data is data" does not mean......"any data point on any topic is the sum of all data on that topic"..."any data point must be trusted without critical thought on its contents"..."anon is not doing a miserable job at being a semantic smartass"Fact: Bitfinex has been hacked several times and imposed a temporary 36% haircut on their clients, in breach of their terms of service.Fact: tethers market themselves as usd yet explicitely state no obligation from them to exchange usd for tokensFact: Bitfinex employees have admitted to trading on their own exchangeFact: Bitfinex employees have engaged in bitcoin scams in 2012Ultimately, your retarded logic would defeat your own argument: like the tobacco or sugar industries, Bitfinex is a company with tremendous financial incentive to pretend to be solvent and engage in illegal activity.
Meanwhile, bitfinexed is not going to see his money back.
Evaluate the characters instead of the facts if you want, it still shows Bitfinex as the most likely to be guilty.
Doesn't bitfinex have under 2k in euros?
I wouldn't care if they kept it under some guys mattress
The Big Short.
Markets are dumb.
It’s coming though
Why would an exchange bringing in 825k/day need to scam?
Might need a real trigger.
Evidence that Tether proceedings are shady has been piling up for months, yet Bitcoin has largely kept going up.
Hence why’d an investor get scared out now?
As long as everyone else keeps going -- and who knows, maybe everything ends up unwinding pretty smoothly in the end?It’s similar to Bitconnect: A lot of people are even putting money in despite knowing with 100% certainty that it will go down.
Only they bet they can get out before.For Bitcoin I wouldn’t even call with 100% certainty that it’ll ever go below 5k again.
Possibly because- They cannot actually cash out the money they theoretically bring in- They’re only bringing in that much money through running a scam to begin with