https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/929470097101611009nuff said.
who cares about this lunatic's opinionhe was irrelevant for ages
was
makes sensebitcoin core need to get their head out of their arse and improve BTCon the other hand, I've heard they're already developing something new and we'll see it in 6months:/
literally scroll down> I own no Bitcoin Cash.lmfao how does Jihan's smeg taste
LOL look at all those faggots bitching at him for having an opinion.
Lol “investors” hahahahahahaha I highly doubt Mcafee cares about your $200 you have in MGTI
Fuck I love McAfee.>I invest in nothing.
Believe what you will.
I build things.
I don't buy things and hope they appreciate.
That is for parasites.
shut the fuck up stupid faggot
OH SHIT HES SPOKENB U YUY
>Taking McAfee's twitter trolling as seriousYou guys probably thought his BTC will be $X by 2020 or I'll eat my own dick was real
Bitcoin is doomed anyway.It's all about incentives, what incentives do good developers have to collaborate on core when they can fork and receive the benefits of their work?Bitcoin is going to keep suffering forks after forks until one new technology replaces it.BCH still doesn't offer this revolutionary jump but one of these forks eventually will.
BCH still doesn't offer this revolutionary jump but one of these forks eventually will.I doubt it.
Start from scratch with a better alt to take BTC's place
Yeah ETH is miles ahead of BTC in tech, see where it is now.
It's stable than Tether.
thing about BCH is its a chinkcoin made by chinks and mined by them, considering there the ones doing most of the mining its their best choice.
"Round 2" i presume will be BCH difficulty adjustments
Makes me lol.Weren't people constantly citing his tweet about 500k$ per BTC, saying it's going to happen?
Yeah, and the same people are now jumping on his words again because they are retards who can't think for themselves.
BTC at $500k>costs $100 dollars to send a $50 transactionwhy didnt i see this coming..
I own no bitcoin cashThis nigger said in an interview 6 weeks ago that half his stack is in Bitcoin Cash, not even joking.
Dude's an eccentric criminal who did one line of blow too many
Well, there is the possibility he sold.
Understand what he says by that.
He means there will be flippening after flippening back and forth.
This means tons of MOON trades for all of us in either direction over time.A user tweeted to him "$BCH will win every round against $BTC till knockout, unless theres an alternative to hours of waiting and high fees for transactions.
"McAfee said "figure it out" in response, alluding to BTC Devs working on a solution but not in time to prevent being dethroned.Watch, BTC and BCH will both be $3500 at the same time