GAHAAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaa
>believing in mumbo jumbo TA
>OMG BTC IS DONE SELL NOW>Moons to 11K
God the saltflow from the Cashies is going to be unreal...
It will moon to 10k+ in ~3 weeks after a dip to 5k
If that continues it's probably just a consolidation before continuing the uptrend.
looks like the "i'm lovin it" sign, aka print more fucking tethers.
looks like a c cup synthetic boobs therefore based on TA the next logical step is to move on to the next hoe
just a reminder that bitfinex is scheduled to pump 60m in btc today
what does that mean?
(Im new)
the same bullshit like at the last ath`s
inflow of liquidity into an asset (in this case BTC)
Dude, I am really new.
Does this mean that it will be worth more or less?
more for the moment.
inflow of liquidity means basicly that more people want to buy it, which means that the price goes up.
Okay watch it drop to the 5k range bucko roo
Its dipping past 7500 any second now
it means if it goes below 7500 btc is seriously fucked
The dip was to 7590.
You are going to miss it
fail call I hope you don't day trade
Time to sell?
Weekend dip buy monday
4421261,552
bump i need validation if i'm right
yes sell low buy high
that's the model i've been using.
It hasn't worked out well yet, but I'm optimistic
TA is a representation of the collective psychology of the market These patterns keep showing up because they work.
7499749974997499
AAAAAAAAAAAAH WHAT DO I DOBUY OR SELL??????
just a dip, just a dip, don't fall for chink propaganda.
xchange into bch sell for profit wait for dip to end rebuy btc
you are literally selling low and buying high
CME Clearing Member To Regulator: Bitcoin Futures ‘Impossible’KEK the news was just released recently lmao.
Corecucks BTFO.https://cointelegraph.com/news/cme-clearing-member-to-regulator-bitcoin-futures-impossible
It seems crazy now, but thats the model for the future.
Screencap this post
DEATH CROSS boys hop into BCH and ride that wave then buy the dip
CME Clearing Member>MemberSo it's a literally who?
anonymous source.
don't think about it
80m tether is being transfered as we speak.
Someone wants to do a large trade off exchange>tether are generated to accommodate>"ether scam"