Can’t you stupid pajeets see that a flippening would benefit us all.
All those stupid noob investors who only buy bitcoin on Coinbase and mindlessly hodl will lose their shirts to us as the value drains out of bitcoin into bitcoin cash.
The time has come for the new world elite to rise.
Fuck the system, fuck bitcoin, long live the new king.
Fuck the system, fuck bitcoin, long live the new king.
>not holding both
Cant wait to see your face in less than 24 hrs when they will dump on you lol pink wojacks bch bagholders incoming
would it be of benefit holding both?
I mean one's value will pour into the other anyhow, right?
bought too weaks ago, sold today.Enjoy wojack heaven biztard
holding both is the only way to do it, in reality both of them make up a single coin
I caleld the top this time i swear
%ing it now.
Can’t you stupid pajeets see that a flippening would benefit us all.t.
someone who bought in early so has the most to gain from other people joining the 'flippening'
thats exactly what i did 2 weeks ago.
Now BCH is mooning while I have a safety net of BTC to rise up once BCH inevitably crashes
The only this that has an inevitable crash is LN futures
nope.
only miners will benefit from btc/bch
in reality both of them make up a single cointhis I think they might well coexist in the futurebitcoin segwit for muh store of value and brand recognitionbitcoin cash for muh micropayments and actualy usefulnessyoud have to be retarded to not just hodl both.
especially since most people here got BCH for free.
of course most of you dipshits sold them the minute you got them and laughed at the holders.personally I believe a flippening could happen but I doubt its gonna happen today or even this year.
Im scooping up more cheap bitcoin and once the inevitable BCH correction comes Ill buy a bunch of those too.meanwhile most of you fucktards will keep buying high and selling low while smart money builds their stack of the only two coins that matter in this insane market.
smart money anon.
Why didn't I fucking think of this.