Last chance.
its is now in the very low, i am sure i am in
pretty much sitting at an ATL against btc and it has averaged .021usd for months gonna buy at a discount ty for heads up
This shit will moon when everyone on YouTube starts using it, and if ppl on twitch figure it out holy fuck will it rocket
Even Tikka Masala likes it, as a sidekick to today's Dash recommendation.
what coin is this
CFD
BAT...
Basic Attention Token.
Where have you Been?
They just enabled payments to YouTube.
It's going to be huge.
It's been stable for three weeks now, maybe this is actually the bottom but who knows
I'm gonna keep buying this noblecoin until we hit $0.20.
It isn't
Goddamn, that's a lot of money.
We're going to be rich.
I feel it.
Where is the bottom then?
For BAT?
There is no bottom.
It's a fucking browser plugin
It's an entirely new content monetization paradigm that aims to turn a multi-billion dollar industry upside-down.
It's also being developed by one of the biggest names in the browser industry.I spent 5 years working on a competing product, but I've recently quit my job and put $120k (and counting) into BAT.
you're gonna get kek'd.
HARD.
lol.You really think YOUTUBE is going to let some piece of shit crypto coin developed by some fat old irrelevant guy who did "muh mozilla" 20 years ago destroy their revenue?The youtube money is, and always will be, in advertisements, influencer metrics, etc.
No one gives a fuck if you can donate to your favorite shit youtube with less fees than patreon, it's not about that.Dumb move man, very dumb.If BAT ever was even CLOSE to being adopted, youtube and google would come out with their own blockchain to crush it.
They probably already have one finished and waiting to be released.Blind faggot.
I'm not worried about this.
It's happening whether you like it or not :)
I bought because it looks like it bottomed out at 0.13cents but its unlikely one of the biggest and wealthiest corporations in the world google wouldn't put up a fight and if they couldn't they'd just buy it
Can you name one unique feature of BAT that cannot be instantly replicated in a better and more user friendly way by Google?No?
Better learn from the pajeets then because you'll be shitting on the streets soon as well as living on them LOL.
Let's see.. well, the upcoming opt-in, non-targeted, in-browser ads that Brave shows users will have 70% revshare with the browser user.
Meaning you will get paid 70% of the ad spend just for sitting through it.
Do you think Google would ever give Chrome users 70% of what they charge advertisers?It's cute that you're so worried about me though, thanks anon.
:)
hahhahaahahaahaahahahhahahaahhaahahahahok.
google is just going to let you walk away with 70% of their advertising spend.
ok.
It literally already happened, and (((they))) can't do shit about it.
I don't know, should I go balls deep or will I get fucked?Is it even the bottom?Why hasn't it already mooned since the enabling stuff of you tube?
youtube already loses money as-isthey have no leverage, there
The ad money is worth nothing to them.
They have other products and subscriptions that earn them way more money.
Those that would use Brave, will have used another adblocker in the past.
Nothing changes for them.
I don't know, should I go balls deep or will I get fucked?Go balls deep or get fucked.>Why hasn't it already mooned since the enabling stuff of you tube?No major YouTuber has jumped on this yet.
This just got implemented, it will take a bit it to gain traction, but it's just the tip of the iceberg.
Trust in Yan-chan.
I wouldn't go 100% but it's a good idea to at least throw some money in it, announcements come at random, never know when the next big partnership will be revealed.
only trust her if shes a trap
It hasnt been ruled out yet...
How much will this go for when it pumps?
44831994483411shilling this hardkek
Why would major youtubers jump on this?Why would youtube/google allow this?
Won't it take away from their power?
They've been demonetizing youtubers for months now, just challenging left-wing views is enough to get you demonetized.
Patreon will probably still reign supreme though
dyed hair>big glasses>delete my browser historySuch a nerdy grill XDDDDD
Patreon is next... YouTube will begin to remove URls that interfere with the website.
Fortunately BAT is donated directly through the browser.
Follow her on Twitter and send her pics of cute bunnies... she will prolly love you forever.
Brave is looking a lot like early Fire Fox years ago.
A crypto with an actual use and a working product ( I'm using the Brave browser right now actually).
But of course /biz/ only knows buying high/selling low and investing in PnD vaporware tokens.
what does this mean
someone wants to sell BAT
I'm asking if this a whale keeping the price low on purpose or something, why would you sell it all this low

Maybe he's transferring to a different coin.
No its the magic whale keeping the price low for no reason conspiracy
I was just asking a question mate