Just a friendly reminder that bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin.
second dat
after reading Satoshi's whitepaper, I have come to the same conclusion.
again???????????srsly???
all this sht again??
?bch recicled memes incoming
bitcoin cash--the boogeyman and slayer of dragons
it is.
But this is the crypto world and the crypto world does not make any sense.
Bitcoin is a true shitcoin.
First 3 posts are samefag.
recicledburger or prabhjeet detected
t. increasingly nervous corecuckYou do know that just 1 decent pump and all the miners will flock to BCH right?
BTC will be dumped left right and centre and it will be glorious
posts like this are what makes people sell
me too, it's very clear what satoshi's vision was and it was not small blocks
pic related
Bitcoin Cash is in the midst of a breakout.
Now the price moves in narrow range between 1200.00 and 1120.00 levels.
MACD lines stay at the signal level and it’s an additional confirmation of range market conditions.
However, on Nov. 25th, a major portion of hash rate will be moving over to BCH.
We should be ready to see a breakout above the borders.
It will give us a new trading opportunity.
As we can make profit, we should place buy orders to break 1200.00 resistance level.
once past the 1200, the first profit targets are 1400.00 and 1600.00 levels.
So the BCH trolls are getting ready again
I like that they can't use the "expensive fees" excuse, since now the fees are like $0.5 or less (as long as your wallet is not retarded at calculating the fees).Network hashpower is now normal, so transaction fees are also back to normal.LN testing is also going well, and we might see it much earlier than expected
>Satoshi's vision
now the fees are like $0.5perfect time to move out.
move out of an asset that's going up by all meassures available.
Now at 65% of the crypto marketshare
Now at 65% of the crypto marketshare>He thinks that number is going up
It was like 45% a few months agodo you understand numbers?or maybe you have the attention span of a 3 year old?
It used to 100% you dumb negro
Just a friendly reminder that Bitcoin Clashic is Satoshis one true vision
kek
lol, yeah, in 2009After people realized ETH was retarded and BTC was king then it's been going up
eth in 2009...are u 12?
follow the conversation
After people realized ETH was retardedI think you're retarded
just a remind, OP is a raging faggot.
Bcash is not the real bicoin.
It's a fork.
It has no devs.
It has script kiddies.
it has faggots.
You're a faggot for falling for this trash.
your leader is a faggot who sells shit on ebay!
he is not technical.
He knows nothing about how bitcoin actually works.
bcash is paypal 2.0bitcoin is Gold 2.0
upvote
Real meaning Jihan/Roger shitcoin pump and dump?
I'm done accumulating Bitcoin so I can't handle the weak FUD.