It's trash.
Think about it, 1,000,000,000 tokens that are going to be used for what again?
No one knows.
That's why this trash is being dumped every time it attempts to go up.
Learn how to invest, you stupid faggots.
Buy undiscovered coins with high potential.
Don't chase trash coins where every little detail gets priced in within seconds.
That's not how you make big gains.
You have to be ahead of others to make money.
What is the future for LINK?
It's too obscure.
The team isn't even making an effort to acknowledge early investors.
That means they don't give a shit about you.
At least with Bitcoin you have a global community that's working collectively to give value to it.
Grow a fucking brain and learn how to invest.STOP BEING A NIGGER
you are a faggot
Try harder faggot
awww someones pissed that LINK is one of the top gainers today when he was asleep during the segwit2x cancellation.
when you think fundamentals matter in short term cryptolink will be $2.50 within 30 days
The tokens are used to pay node operators for the data they will be providing the countless companies.
Even SWIFT will be running it's trillions in transactional data through these nodes within 2-4 years.
You obviously haven't even don't 1 minute of research on LINK, stay poor faggot
god bless you
Compares link(2months old) to btc...Has no idea what Link's use cases are...Looking at your post tells me, that u probably fudded against ETH, if you knew about crypto back then anyway...
No one knows.No one except for literally everyone who actually researches coins before they trade.
kys
1,000,000,000 tokensNo need to read beyond this point.
It's incredible that you keep using this as FUD when it has been explained to you time after time after time why you are wrong.
When retards talk shit and then tell others to do research Lmao You really think every customer of swift is going to put their hands up for chainlink?
Do you even understand who swift is and what they do?
there aren't a billion tokens >there aren't 650m in reserve ready to be given for free to big companies, because no way in hell they are going to buy your bags from etherdelta How is he wrong
Buy undiscovered coins with high potential.>What is the future for LINK?
It's too obscure.Went back and read more.
This post is a riot.
I'll pay you 50 links if you lick my asshole while I shit
You fell for the let me just put the head in meme... Amirite?
Amirite?
Sitting there with a prolapsed asshole talking shit about chainlink.. What the fuck is your problem?