Tonight you will slip into a coma, only to awaken in 2020.You have one last chance go all in on the HODL of your life.What do you do?
Bitcoin and maybe litecoin
ETH for sure that's going to 50,000 by 2020
all in bitcointhe future of all alts is in the ground
swagbucks
I might go with Zencash
all in bitcoin desu
I fucking wish this would happen.
ChainTrade is estimating a 100 billion market cap in 2020
HODL my DICK
I buy one of each coin on coinmarketcapone of them is bound to be 100000000
The only correct answer is link>MUH USELESS SHITCOIN THATS ONLY 8K BECAUSE OF FIRST MOVERsoon people will realise that the main purpose of blockchain technology is not to substitute currency but to do what ethereum is doing
Bitbean I wont make any gains but at least I wont lose what I have
BiTCoin
Bitcoin syscoin wake up as a billionaire
Throat then ass
You decide not to be retarded and go 40 BCH, 40 ETH, and 20 BAT
IOTA & LINK
FUNFAIR!
>ctrl+f>monero results
Bitcoin will fade from existence in a couple of years.This is it's last stance.
No.
It fills the niche of being the "gold" of crypto.
If companies are truly researching blockchain (which they are).A new solution will come that will wipe this old pile of shit off the face of the earth.
9BTC/9BCH, best odds that one of them or a fork from one of them will still be on top.
If companies are researching blockchain their solution would be tailored to their own needsBitcoin is already to big to be dethroned.
bitcoin and some eth
4418959Bitcoin is technology.
It is not gold.Technology becomes obsolete.
It WILL happen.
I reserve the right to all forks in this scenario.
BTC and BCH and all forks thereof.
OMG, all in baby
Can I tell my brother to take my BTC and go all in on Chia in 2018?If I can then that, otherwise hold BTC
Wrong sad Jihancuck.
Bitcoin will upgrade itself over time and remain as dominant as ever or else you can forget about the idea of cryptocurrency.>oh we're sorry anon.
your specific ebuck came out two years ago and are now worth zero.
mcdonalds only accepts ebuck 2.0 gold-platinum rev V3.32.03
Bitcoin and all its forks, just in case.
Neo, ETH, Monero and ofc LINK too.
He thinks first mover advantage lasts foreverBTC and BCH are fucking dinosaurs techologically and are either run by banks or run by mining conglomerates
Wrong sad Jihancuck.
Bitcoin will upgrade itself over time and remain as dominantIt already did.
It's being called Bitcoin Cash atm, but yeah.
Try and keep up.
whos this semen demon
Whats with her neck?
Does she chokes eating rice?
being a delusional fake-BitcoinerSad!
Read the white paper and tell my how Blockstream hijacking the blockchain to put proprietary software ON TOP OF THE FUCKING BLOCKCHAIN is real bitcoin.