I can't stop winning.
Bittrex crashed for me when we hit 0.38really quick like in the span of 5 seconds.I was about to lose all the profit I made riding the pump up.
But I was quick enough to get out by using the ETH pair and frankly I lost only a little, but made profit again by the sympathy play riding BCH from 0.3 to 0.33.
LOL
My sell order is close to my target, once it hits in the next 12 hours I will also be back on the winning side.
My portfolio x6'd in the past few days going all in on NULS moon mission and all in on BCH at .10 I seriously believe I will be multibillionaire before I turn 40.
I just bought a monster of a pc and made that money back within the past 15 minutes.
God bless
That's interesting because BCC has gone down in the past 15 minutes.
Did you make the money on informed decisions or on flukes?
Because, believe me nigga, you're in for a rude awakening
I'M ROCKIN ALL NIGHT WITH XBC
informed decisions+ pouring 99% income from wagecucking into crypto+ only $180 per month rent living with mom+ balls of steel and willing to risk it all to multiply portfolio+ willing to stay up all night any night during a moon mission because china WILL pump or dump on your ass while you're asleepyou gotta understand two things to make it in crypto.
first, you have to have the fundamentalist mindset that can asses which is the strongest argument for or against an investment.
second, you have to be in touch with public consensus.
one cryptocoin could be years ahead of others technologically, but if it isnt well known or people arent convinced then it will still do poorly in the market.
market speculation is driven by emotional, panicky people, not a purely logical AI.
be constantly on top of events in crypto and what peopes reations are of said events, have at above average level IQ, and you will always be one step ahead of the game.
it'll all come crashing downt.
lost 70k holding "good" coins the last monthmaking money ona handful of plays was awesome, netted me over 120k, then two bad plays and it's over for me.you're full of hubris