>Goes to Harvard Business School>works for 50 Cent
What does 50 cent need Harvard grads for anyway?
Sound engineers?
works for 50 CentI thought you mean they were working for 50 cents per hour.
Legal team probably
can someone explain to me how niggers get famous?
don't tell me it's the music because it's objectively dog shit.
are other niggers that insecure that they need a figurehead for them so they feel better about the fact they've never accomplished anything in history?
is it the jews?
someone, answer this it's been bugging me for a while now.
don't tell me it's the music because it's objectively dog shityou should go out and have fun sometime, anon
Jews.
You are correct.
Have a rough time in high school, Tim?
has some pretty dank tracks desu
is it the jews?yes
what have you accomplished, anon?or is it larping time?
It's the music.
It's fun high tempo party stuff mostly, and came to be popular right around when Rock died.
Not that hard to understand.
Where do you live?
The owner and one of the "legend producers" of Def Jam is literally an old white jew
Are you a dumb fuck?
It's always the jews.In all seriousness, there is plenty of information about how the music industry is manipulated by (((illuminati))) which in this case also includes major international organized crime.
Basically, rich motherfuckers buy niggers to dance on the stage for them, giving them a meagre cut which, to their poor eyes, seems like unimaginable wealth.
The artists are basically at the bottom of the music industry pyramid.
Pirate anything that's not indie.
MFW I have nothing going for me in life and cry myself to sleep after jerking off to pol memes.
:(
It's a mix of kikes helping niggers to launder their drug money by making music or opening their own sound recording studious
Did they Jews react to, and cash in on, what was becoming popular?
Or did they decide to make black culture popular?
either sports, where they are more likely to end up as a pro because they have less optionsor music, which other niggers like
yes its the jews.
Look who's behind all those record deals
they made black culture popular and cashed in on,double win.They always aim for the double win, screw society while profiting from it.
The slimy bastards
You think mumble rap became a thing because it was good?
The Jews anon.
Why do you think rappers today frown on this new generation?
50 cent, snoop, etc., they all hate it because it's copypasta all of them.
The Jews absolutely ransacked music.
They push their propaganda, satanism, and the overall degradation of society with their nigger monkey pets.
It's a shame more people don't see this.
You're retarded if you think that music = fun.
Go listen to some more Gucci gang anon, it's fun!
this.
make sure you wiggle your butthole too.
You sound like a southern inbred talking about black jazz musicians being popular in the 50's
Nigger music is awful even as music you leave in the background at a party or something.
It's shit anon.
It's fucking trash
50cent has pretty good tracks to be quite honest.
But Rock music already was popular and had all the vices that would tend towards "ruining society", so why would they then go to blacks?
Also, is it popular for Jews to play a large part in other facets of black culture, like comedy?
Sure Jews own venues and networks, but comedy is more purely talent based than music, and Jews can't really take Chappelle or Rock, make them popular by making their writing or delivery great, then profit.
This must be a case of them reacting to what the masses find entertaining and investing in that.
I would think the same would be the case for music.
even as music you leave in the background at a party or somethingyou have no experience on that
>drops out of PhD after like 3 days>becomes billionaire and pretty cool guy daily reminder that degreelings are just glorified wagecucks
I'm not a racist.
Hip hop and rap was great in the late 90's.
Lil Dickie does it better than 99% of them, and he's a Jew himself!
The irony is unbelievable.
Why do you think rappers today frown on this new generation?Isn't this the case for every tradition that changes over time?
Old people frowning on the young isn't novel to blacks, and young people would never want to exactly mimic the old, so that's a non-argument because it's just a part of human nature.
Like the Latin speakers hating on those that spoke what would become French, and Classical musicians hating on what would become Jazz, and England hating on what would become America.
People dislike change, regardless of whether or not it's good.
>SatanismCertainly less so than with Rock.
Kendrick Duckworth and Chancelor Bennett (two of the biggest jew-affilliated rappers) are obviously very Christian, and many other rappers claim to be.
ln the 00s everyone around me loved rap and I just thought it was boring shit.
turns out nobody actually loved it and everyone was just manipulated by marketing.So yeah jews
The Jews.First hint: explore pop music trends in other kiked countries to see a trend - it's always the primary violent minority group that is pushed to the forefront.
i.e.
in France it's maghrebi, in Germany it's turks, and so on.Second hint: spot the difference between traditional media and more democratic outlets lile youtube.
Mainstream media pushes blacks and browns as artists, comedians included, whereas the most famous youtubers are all whites.
Once again, this trend holds true for all countries in which jews have a strong foothold.
Can we at least agree that this is a /pol/ thread including the OP?
/threadnigger music confirmed trash.
only niggers and low IQ brainlets consider it even remotely good.
it's like, to normies, music isn't a thing to genuinely get enjoyment out of, it's to have sympathy for fucking niggers and their shit music and nothing more.
Yes they take something existent and if it helps their cause they make it popular and profit from it, simple.
They use their media network to make things popular.Rock has a rebel spirit which they fear.
In this case they couldnt stop it so they learnt to profit from it.
They have always tried their hardest to cuck rock, to make it as pacifist as possible.Its no coincidence most of the white nationalism in music gathers around metal music.
Krispy Kreme did it betterLittle dickie jewed him out if his style
Oh they had their claws on rock mateAll that degeneracy and anti mental attitude sprawling from itEspecially the famous slogans like sex drugs and rock and rollIt was degeneracy incarnate the equivalent of nigger rap for white people
The Jew is immunized against all dangers: one may call him a scoundrel, parasite, swindler, profiteer, it all runs off him like water off a raincoat.
But call him a Jew and you will be astonished at how he recoils, how injured he is, how he suddenly shrinks back: “I’ve been found out.”
Well who started rock ?
;)
yes im not saying they didnt.
Im saying they couldnt stop it from becoming popular so they made it degenerate while profiting from it.But its certainly not the same as rap, which wouldnt have become so popular without (((their))) help
The jews want to destroy the family unit
who the fuck talks like this lmao
Just look at this nigger believing he is an achiever.Exploiting mass culture, helping its downward spiral, being promoted by jews and supported by a team of professionals.Ye, he is totally in control here, that top of the iceberg.
4384163Just look at this nigger believing he is an achiever.Exploiting mass culture, helping its downward spiral, being promoted by jews and supported by a team of professionals.Ye, he is totally in control here, that top of the iceberg.
Lmao this is surprisingly unapologetically very accurate.
Reminds me of the movie straight outta Compton
4384226Also financial management
Kek I'm not full /pol/ but this is accurate
All this fucking hip hop culture that started in the 90s had had such a devestating effect on the values of our society.
People don't even realise how toxic it is to push this crap on young people
Heinrich Himmler
the damage is already done.
Only a fuhrer can save your country
He (use to) own a 5% stake in Glacéau Vitamin Water.
He also has a film production company, and probably a lot of other tax dogging shit.this.
Wagner is just as overwrought as any thug rap yet the punters at the Opera still go to see the Ring CycleReacted.
Most pop-music nowadays comes from Sweden anyway - remember that.It was the young jews disrupting the older generation -it's basic Clay Christensen model: there was no money in going into the traditional music industry, (written by: Bacharach-David, Stock Aitken Waterman) which the old gaurd already had a lock on... but if you could get some ghetto kids to produce radio friendly shit, then you could out-earn your Uncle Meyer.Just like what happened in New Hollywood in the 70's when the MGMs and the WBs started losing audiences, but you had Seven Arts and John Calley promoting filmmakers like Stanley Kubrick and Francis Ford Coppola and later the Movie Brats (De Palma, Spielberg, Scorsese, Lucas, Milius).TL;DR - Young enterprising people saw a new trend they could be the first-movers on
Is it any wonder turning jews into lampshades ands shooting small jewish children en mass, in an ancient Christian tradition?
cent the rapper actually explains this in a video.
He was commenting on 'candy shop' and pretty much said he did it for the fame and money and looking back, it really fucked up any youth that watched it.He regrets it but you cant change the past
link to video?
it isn't objectively dog shit you just enjoy the sounds of a finely tuned banjo and the moans of farm animals
Goy slaves go for their indoctrination at school.
People who make money chase money.
Everyone who thinks school prestige make them rich is a sheep.
nigga yo'ure in!
but comedy is more purely talent based than musicI agree but truly talented comedians are about as rare as great philosophers or scientific thinkers.
As far as I've seen there aren't any prominent living ones at the moment, at least not with netflix deals.
The world needs a good one though
But to be fair if you're rich you're naturally going to be close to well-educated people.
It's tricky.
As far as I've seen there aren't any prominent living ones at the moment, at least not with netflix dealsName three that you'd consider greatI think Chapelle's great, and that's about itJews are at the top of broadcasted media, so they can be blamed for anything, and the main reason you people use for blaming them is the fact that they're at the top.
It's the same as Black Panthers blaming the The Man for problems they perpetuate in their communities, or modern Black Americans blaming the Government or "Institutionalized Racism", or Christians blaming Satan.
It's just the same.
People without solutions just can't seem to get away from circular reasoning and scapegoating.This "see people at the top, see things in world adverse to my interests, blame people at the top" flowchart thinking will never be convincing to any outgroup.
w-was it the Jews through Blacks?
Honestly the shit from the 90s is tame compared to whats going on now.
all these Lil "x" rappers rapping about nothing but xannax percocets and oxy and shit when in the early 2000's most kids had never even heard of any of that shit.
the 90s rappers liked weed and booze and that was good enough.
This post seems racist, am I reading into it wrong?
Jews are at the top of broadcasted media, so they can be blamed for anything, and the main reason you people use for blaming them is the fact that they're at the top.
It's the same as Black Panthers blaming the The Man for problems they perpetuate in their communities, or modern Black Americans blaming the Government or "Institutionalized Racism", or Christians blaming Satan.
It's just the same.
People without solutions just can't seem to get away from circular reasoning and scapegoating.>This "see people at the top, see things in world adverse to my interests, blame people at the top" flowchart thinking will never be convincing to any outgroup.This.
It's human nature to blame everything on some singular enemy rather than understand the complicated cause and effect.
Not to mention that a lot of demagogues thrive on that us versus them duality.>Joos/Whitey/Refoogees/the 1%/ White Males/ Obama/Russians did this!
Pretty interesting though, they grew up to become hipster nu-males and SJWs who listen to alternative and promote socialism.However I am deeply concerned for this next generation.
their music is objectively dog shit >music>art form intended to allow the artist to express themselves and entertain the massesTheir music is objectively pretty good and very catchy
The catchiness is what made it popular.
I have an armchair theory that this fucker right here is what shot rap/hiphop to #1.
Unique, generally unrealistic sound effects that can be compiled into a nice beat.
The sounds are predictable - when you hear them where you expect to hear them, your brains gets giddy because you were "right" but that's the entire purpose of the beat.
For years this has been the standard.
A lot of songs today are still made on the 808.
No timbre, just cookie-cutter beats that are largely the same.
This is the basis for a lot of pop music.
And for the record I consider rap/hiphop to be pop.
dw its just poltards, ignore them and they'll go back to their own board
We're probably talking about very different forms of rap/hip
deathgrips clppng shabaz flylo sunn shpongle trickfinger machine code lorn aphex for those of the occult and for those who know.
we out 'ere
trickfinger
why musician famous>not music>also my opinions objectiveyou dumb
rhcp are trash.
frusciantes work post band speaks larger volumes.
ataxia was killer and his solo works stem from the soul.
The rockstar image is dead
You must also be one of those guys that think he can be like Bill Gates because he dropped out of school.
I'm partial to Niandra myself.But Letur and PBX were dope AF albums
fucking oath.
can someone explain to me how niggers get famous?Because people like being validated for their behavior.
Rap glorifies violence, sexism, and criminal activities.
Niggers in particular commit a lot of crime so it's not surprising they gravitate towards this kind of music, which are made by mostly ex-criminals/gangsters.
These rappers are looked upon as role models, creating a deadly feedback loop where Blacks see the rapper's violent and degenerate lifestyles as something worth emulating.
Then you have the non-Black people who are interested in anything that's trendy so they are drawn to this kind of music like flies to feces.
It's the jews, I'm not even joking, get a look at Lyor Cohen for example.
The rap industry was developed in the 80s and 90s by jews.