I literally went all in on this shit.
I’m all in BCH and I’ve been stressing about it all week it’s finally fucking happening.
BUY THE BTC DIPhttps://cointelegraph.com/news/coinbase-custody-targets-10-billion-in-institutional-funds-for-bitcoin-investment
40% volume on Bithumb, like last time.Put a sell order at .48999, or you'll get dumped on by chinks again.
Buy in, but have sells ready.
It's clear 'the flippening' isn't actually going to happen
FLIPPENINGno
it's just a dip.
You failed, you will fail again.
I AM A CRYPTO GOD HAHAHAHA
not going all in back in August for $200 a popBCH is a safe bet bro, calm the fuck down.
BTC is as we all know quite literally an unusable shitcoin and it will collapse under it's own weight soon.
I'm happy for you guys and when you top please consider diversifying into ethereum and omisego for their flippenings!
you haven't learned have you?
Yeah...
I'm not falling for this nonsense again.
How can people fall for this two times?
its called a pump idiot, get in ride the wave and get out.
Anyone who thinks this is a PND is a tool.
This all organic growth to the realization of BCH's potential and power.
months old>Surpassed Ethereum>Surpassed BTC's volume>Made EVERY altcoin including BTC BLEED, everything was RED while BCH was 200%+This is the coin for the future.
It came out in 2017.
Getting in while it's 2017 is basically getting in the same year BTC came out.
This is the time in which BCH is most accessible and CHEAP.
It will only get more and more expensive and pricey as time goes on.
no they are really this dumb
No one said that.
Well I actually don't know about that
no
pump and dump*It's not going to go anywhere near as high as last time.
Very risky getting in now.
4421808BCH nocoinersCheck out r/btc and check out the projects and topics discussed.
It's truly revolutionary as the community is heavily vested in improving BCH and making it the best that it can be.There's 5 development teams individually working on their own BCH improvement projects, not just Blockstream Core which completely centralizes the coin and CENSORS members talking about BCH.> Mining BCH is more profitable than BTC> BCH is equally as rare as BTC, as you needed BTC to have the equivalent BCH> BCH is very cheap in comparison to BTC> BCH is Bitcoin but decentralizedBCH is the biggest threat BTC has, and if I were a BTC holder I'd be scared shitless.
That's why I gave up my BTC for BCH back when it was $550.
BITCOIN IS DEAD GET IN BCH NOW NOW NOW
Buy btc dip, wait until bch stops being pumped.
gg ez money
That's why I gave up my BTC for BCH back when it was $550.Fucking kek all you bch shills sold your btc way below current prices and now you’re pretending that wasn’t a huge fucking mistake by trying to get others to be as stupid as you.Roger Ver is very clever for realizing how many fools like you he could fleece with this.
You’ll never learn...
How far can we expect this pump to go?
How far can we expect this pump to go?It goes up until BTC stops dipping.
The moment it starts to go up again consistently you get the fuck out of BCH
In what timespan are we talking?
Keep in mind just 2 week ago BCH was at $300.If you want to lose money in the future, SELL BCH now.
Otherwise, hodl until at least one or two years from now.BCH is not going anywhere, in fact I will accumulate more whenever any dips occur.
Thanks for the tip
Look dude I want to make money TODAY not in 2 years
If I stayed in at BTC I would have made a $1000 profit from $7k to $8kIn BCH, not only did I TRIPLE what I initially put in, but actually almost got 6x when it shot up to $2800 that weekendI could trade in my BCH now for 3x BTC but I won'tBCH is decentralized with five individual development teams working on it unlike censored and centralized Blockchain Core coin
In what timespan are we talking?There is no real timespan.
It's entirely dependent on the movements on BTC itself, and it'll be hard as fuck to perfectly time when the reversal is here.
Slowly sell out a little on the way up while still holding a good amount on you
You sold right?
a consistant fuck and dump will never take over BTC.
it would hold a candle to it if they werent trying to fuck over the entire market with their shit.
I hope you guys listened (though I wouldn't necessarily call a trend reversal on BTC yet)
T-this is still going up r-right?
I boguht at 2000in for the long haul
In about 15 minutes the market is going to realize the new DAA beecash adopted is actually going to backfire and completely cuck beecash because it pushes BTC prices up when BCH has majority hash rate.
This is gonna be good.
This new difficulty algo hasn't done shit in terms of affecting BTC's hashrate anyways, no matter which is more profitable
it pushes BTC prices up when BCH has majority hash rate.ohhhh sweet summer rebecca.
bch is a fuckin scam coin ive been shilling for like a week now LOL
The more hash rate BCH accumulates, the more difficult the faster adjustment period will begin making it; making the profitability of mining go down.
Similarly, for BTC to stop the hash rate from leaving, the price has to go up because BTC's difficult can't change very easily.
In effect, the entire problem with BTC having slowly adaptive difficult is solved because BCH can take fluctuations in hash rate for BTC.
An actual majority of the hash rate switching to BCH is probably bad for the market and never going to happen, since the high fees of BTC make miners more reluctant to be paid in BCH in the first place.
All this against the added back drop of BTC being farther along in mainstream adoption and brand name.
i manipulate the market with my autism
"here's a good investment">oh cool thanks>put in some money>make 300% returns>"heh... i scam u"woooow
The miners are staying on btc for now so it's cripples harder when they eventually switch
the miners are intentionally losing money for no fucking reasonkek