So apparently i made it.
what now?Hate my life and dont know what to do
now u getdat ass n tiddy
Want to send me 1 btc?
17awBAQuQMKAtWMU3EetSBNrq7PiSWQyFjI'll help you out.
Well, you can contribute to the happiness of others!1AqiqMvaUVaVPCBzLqDWYNc9Led5QmbHKdby the way, what is it that you are lacking?
Congratulations, OP.
Money won't make an unhappy person happy.
if you gave me some btc i would love my life1hjxRryz651sxoeUPnEsWA4SixpvTPsh3i can also be your friend and help u figure out lyfe
Go travelling, see the world, go skydiving, scuba diving, buy a house, get some hobbies, enjoy life.
YOU DID IT.s-s-spare a dollar153szTXi7Kn5MrKqZUEbc8siNkiDcsCg81
Send me 10 btc.
I will turn them into 100 btc and give you 80, trust me on this anon.1E6nX36mL6WjWp5KizyZmD7aek7b4V2Ue6
buy a nice watch then you should on a good track
send some bby1Pm3p2m4zRn2yx9VM4wL6ct46to6XS3XNe
1KftgWgVubRjqxqhBKfb2v7zBF7FWbd6uFhelp pay my taxes please :(
Go buy a ranch and ride around on horseback, naked and tripping balls
im tryna be a millioner too, thx bud1GUmBkgdNEebUL3RCuXCRkGxvFKevYLkaW
438528843853904385451
Fucking pajeetsIf OP isnt larping, then I doubt he became a millionaire by throwing his wealth away so Rajeesh could buy tickets for a rape bus
could invest in me, I'd sign a contract guaranteeing you 100% gains if you lend me 10btc
K7anJk9FRsvsDG1nPbXVy5jRwM3pLvAsGo talk to anyone and say anything and it doesn't matter what.
Be as wild and nonsensical as you wan't it literally doesn't matter.
Or just fly somewhere.
Lack of money will eventually make a happy person unhappy.
Buy a 2500 sqft nice house in a reasonably prices market like Phoenix, AZ.
Paid off.
Landscape the yard etc, furnish it, make it super nice but not ridiculous.
Spend like $400-450k on that.
Pay off a REASONABLY PRICED but good car.
A NICE used one with 10k miles would be superb.
Put solar on your house and make sure the lot is an acre at least, make sure you have a water well.
Put $15k in an interest earning account/fund just for the water well maintenance in the future.
Put another $15k in an interest earning account/fund just for the solar panel maintenance in the future.
Live comfortably after that.
If you don't do those things FIRST you haven't really made it.
Get yourself established completely with little utility and living expenses.No donation required for this info.
i lost a bunch of money recently so anything will help me!3Hh7DhjakFZEgP2LQFFtXyDtVoyXrPWHPythank you
Time for you to go big and pro in another market, say CSGO ONLINE COMPETITIVE GAMING SCENE.Unironically become a Twitch streamer and play games followed by a creating a big community and then you will become happier.
As your life finally has meaning again.
Congrats to you, I wish I could say the same, I have just lost money and had a baby!
Lol.
I hear giving makes people feel better.
Here is my wallet if you’re in the giving mood..1EtdJYpcrj2mjQSBvHfcFh948EzaBEpVjs
189XHJSZY1wCx5B8V4TGUcsyakrPBQawYjHonestly I'd be trippin balls if you sent me 0.1 I only have 50 bucks worth of crypto and I'm a third worlder
deal!1NKEh21yduXA7iMAg8fXzQdxTdntbFg4KW
so many pajeets in this threadsorry OPserious answer is that now you have money so you can basically build whatever you want.want to open a bar and have a bunch of cool patrons who you made a community for?
do thatwant to sail all day every day forver?
cool do thatwant to live off grid and be a lumberjack?
do thatwhat are you interested in OP?
Unironically share the wealth, with those less fortunate.1Ng2krtrXxCMgi2ZAbGiJRdnBuueWvx3XF
>All these beggarsdisgusting
If you feel like a random act of generosity - 1TQVu7vYVjiQeQhB2smsNuAbg3Hc329w2my 16 year old kitty passed away today, idgaf how gay it sounds, she took my heart with her...
relax a bit .... change what you don't like ... focus on what you do ... and don't get too caught up thinking about it.
Do we ever get (User was banned for this post) for people begging?It's pretty annoying.
At the very least sign your requests for gibs so we know you aren't just some retard who wants you to fill their deposit address.
Hire a personal trainer, eat right.It's much easier when you're not wage cucking to be fit.
You will feel and look better.
Well, do you want to cash out now, or when you have a much larger amount of money.When you do, take some out and move somewhere with lower capital gains taxes.When you're completely cashed out, find something to motivate you.Be the change you want to see in the world.
3Db1nfaMAmBcYYhNuoQ98E4fpu27Pwns8DYou can always who is poor :)
Fucking travel.
Go outside in expensive places all over the world.
Enjoy life.
Hey anon!
I'm glad things are working out in your favour!
If I where you I'd buy a nice big house, buy a Lambo and some good clothing...If you don't know what to do I'd suggest traveling and finding a girl (or maybe even get a doggo to entertain you at your new home)I'm currently traveling in China which is honestly one of the best things which has happened to me for a while..If you want, you can send me an email at rTatAcloeLLoEs@protonmail.chNote I'm not and will not ask for money..
I'm not rich but I'm not poor either, just want to help out
Yeah don't do this OP
"Don't do this?"
What do you mean?
Should he keep riding the cocaine filled poor man's wallstreat and loose it all?Traveling is great, and a dog gives you something to love and be loved by if you don't have anyone else...A nice house/car/clothing is optional but always nice to have
You could always help someone broke and in need OP1Grq62mgirFFuxPJjHF5Gai6uzmsqpiwma
Go to the casino and put it all on black.
now you can see that /biz/ is 95% beggars
Yop...
It's this fucking sad
 post by this IDEVERYTIME
If i were you i’d retire somewhere remote, maintain 88k per year for the rest of my life.Go to school, join research group, or don’t, build something.
Anything.
Maybe a really sick cabin with your own two hands.
anon donate some btc to meh1FheuTFQAjnSAa3voepQNksmUwi39iju2LI have 0 btc and want to start investing, I will be your best friend in the entire world, just move to the Bay Area if you donate I'll post my email and I'll get you laid, high, and happy with the best life ever.
I'm good friends with guys like Devin Graham (DevinSuperTramp) and a few other Vid Celebs.
You need a pt like you need an investment consultant, he's loaded now, he has time to learn on his ownMost pts don't teach you shit, they just Jew you to give you meme exercises and create dependency
Being this desperate
im with this guyfly to asia land.
Spend 6 months fucking asian bitches for a fraction of a cost.You can get comfy airbnb apartments for 50 USD a night or less.
Like fly ass apartments.Go around drinking and fucking pussy.take trains all across asia and go into europe (that trip takes 45 days from singapore to the UK)and that trip ticket will only cost 4500 one way.think of all the pussy you can slay in your private cabin car, as you pick them up at the dining car and tell them how you are a millionaire and your just doing fuck all to pass the time.Dude.
World is yours now, wake the fuck up and act like it.
I made a wallet and want to invest but I also have a kid and pay one check to rent, the other to food and daycare, my GF died giving birth so I'm doing this all by myself.
I don't normally beg but I have this feeling like Crypto is my only chance to make it and I just need something to start with, sorry Anon I don't mean to beg, but I don't have any other options right now, I can't take the risk of leaving my job with being a single dad.
Want to start a VC fund together?
I'm half serious, send me a message: throwaway44333@gmail.com
Can’t your child contract polio or fall down the stairs or something?
O.O wow No I would never kill my kind just because I want to make it in the world.
I'm stuck staying in the bay area because my Deceased GF's parents are here and they would be heartbroken if I took the only remaining thing from their daughter, they are great people.
My life is just in the phase where I went to school, did everything right and got dealt a shitty hand, I'm just asking one of you guys with quad aces to slip me an Ace so I can make my Pair.
actually i got jacked courtesy of a PT.
I was doing all the excercises wrong/not spacing my rests correctly...also you're definitely going to the gym when you're paying some guy 120/hr to train you(yes 120...
I'm not in flyover country)
congratulations,now you are free!help the poor pls2k link would help0xf41df91f1bf90f938e4205e59056c45bc2274b1b
people think money changes you but it doesnt.
ESPECIALLY if you are a neet...
Idk, rub it in the face of your enemies?
in all honesty, if I had that much money I would set straight away to getting a nice wife.
But I would not disclose how much mula I have because "family" courts and all that shit.
I might even pretend to be working a regular remote job until I could trust her.
Or just never stop pretending to do your remote job XD
Yea I know the feel... My mother god killed when young and my dog got ran over.
My love of my life had cancer and my kids are hungry.
This is my only way out man..
Go and buy something you've always wanted, regardless of what it is and how expensive or cheap, even if you could never justify spending money on itDo it now
dude crypto has ended marriage rapejust keep all ur cash in crypto
Good photoshopping Op, 528.28 BTC is like 3.2 million euros.
not 6208 euros heh