Wow, so much has happened on the last 24 hours.
Few have noticed Bitcoin Gold futures starting a steady upward push as we come nearer to official release of the Bitcoin Gold softwarehttps://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-gold-release-cryptocurrency-sunday/> the developers behind the fork of the bitcoin blockchain said that they would release a formal software client for download at 7:00 PM UTC on Nov. 12.The software will bring Satoshi's Version to life on many PCs as it allows mining of the new currency with simpler hardware, leading to a more decentralized network and many more happy events in the lives of people everywhere.BTG was distributed on the last fork to many, but the wallet was not yet ready for release.
It is currently trading on some exchanges but cannot yet be exchanged.
Arbitrage potentials are everywhere.
Bittrex took a snapshot of its BTC holders and will probably release the free BTG to users sometime in the near future.
Get in on the ground floor of this guaranteed 10-20x opportunity, Everyone will win this time!
> he doesn’t know there is no bitcoin gold funny 2x didn’t reach consensus Bitcoin cash is taking over now
he doesn’t know there is no bitcoin gold funny 2x didn’t reach consensus Bitcoin cash is taking over nowNot true, friendo.
Bitcoin Gold is coming (BTG).
Already doing quite well.
As for BCH, just another shitcoin... already giving up its gains.
Bitcoin Gold will prove to be a better option for a more decentralized network.
Feel free to screencap, but be sure to absolutely stock up on the cheap BTG while it lasts, because in the end Bitcoin Gold will be replacing Bitcoin Cash as the retail bitcoin.
I understand why people would shill BCC, but this shit is the most obvious money grab.
Damn shills want you to lose money on Bitcoin gold lmao
>buy my shitcoin future>premined shitcoin futures
scam coin not even backed by actual gold
backed by actual goldThis must be a thing... ?
Name pls
Goldmint, royal stupidity at this point.
well at least i'm in this time compared to bitcoin cash!
bitcoin will always be bitcoin and bitcoin gold will always be bitcoin gold -- just remember that people.
Bitcoin gold is going to kick ass...I am actually going to mine something, even if its dust.
($178 per 100mil satoshis is expensive dust)just saying losers
>Satoshi's vision
futures price @ $236.41, looking good so far
Bitcoin Gold is Satoshi's version of his vision
Rumor has itOriginal Satoshi is going to dump his 1 million BTC & BCH piles (netting a cool $8+ billion) and buy Advanced Micro Devices outright.
He then immediately puts the entire production line into mining Bitcoin Gold>Give me one reason this doesn't happen
Give me one reason this doesn't happenSatoshi is dead.Anyway, even though BTG is another shitcoin, I'm somewhat excited about it because I got some for free, and the futures are increasing in value.
Bitcoin Gold has a way hotter vixen than that.
Anyone have sauce?
Or should I go get sauce?
lol
Anyway, Tay whispered in my ear that She is in to Bitcoin Gold, so that's good enough for me.
What algorithm does BTG use?
Same as BTC?