So I saw this mentioned in a thread today and did a little research.
These guys are aiming at a 2 billion dollar market with no other competing projects.
"ChainTrade will move the exchanges of futures and options on food and raw materials (commodity derivatives) to a decentralized blockchain, allowing anyone to participate – small and big players.
Fees to traders, buyers and sellers will decrease dramatically.
Smart Contracts will replace traditional contracts and cut intermediaries.
"How many fags have been keeping this for themselves?
If they can deliver this is a potential x50 and beyond.
Gonna bump this only once.
DELETE THIS NOW
Actually, the market is worth 2 TRILLION, not 2 billion...GUYS WTF
ICO over and sale over unless you have $ 50k +
Nope...
I'm on the page where you can send ETH now... scroll down to the bottom for the normie sale page.
Total supply?
"Our objective is to sell 33 million tokens and our hard cap is 200 million tokens.
Unsold tokens will be burnt."
They are still pending legal approval in every country they'd operate in.
This has huge potential but also enormous risk due to the legal hurdles they have to overcome.
I was looking at it during the pre-sale and decided not to invest unless it dips way below ico price
Looking at the team, they have an army of advisors and legal council.
The only thing that I don't have the knowledge for is if the governments in those countries miss out on income if these markets get decentralized - thus preventing licenses.Anyway, it seems that they do come prepared.
I only put 1 ETH into the ICO.
And didn't want too many to know about it considering that they burned the remaining unsold tokens
so is the ico over or can you still buy?do they need some kyc stuff?
Institutional pre-sale is still on.
Public ico is over.So if you have 50k $ to throw in, then sure.
yea, I see now, thanks
I lied, another bump
>Smart Contracts will replace traditional contracts and cut intermediaries.Sounds a lot like LINK?
What are the differences in market demographics and use cases?
Is it on any major exchanges yet?
Actually, upon doing more reading, this is the exact type of thing that LINK is looking to make obsolete.
NOT INTERESTED OP, KEEP UR FUKN BAGS M8
You should probably have read more careful considering how they're nothing like each other.
This is the safest investment in blockchain.
Not just because it's going to explode upwards but because it will stay up.
The value of commodities will never reach 0, can't say the same for digimarines and linkies...
Yes, my initial assessment of their similarity was wrong, as I clearly stated here:And, I ask you to reread that comment, because you completely dodged my point about LINK making shit like this obsolete.
LINKs gonna fukn downsize the players in this market big time, and I'd rather bet on a catastrophic victory than another clunky blockchain in a cluttered, gimicky market .
holy shit the delusion.
Do you seriously think holding link is going to get you laid?
nice argument m8
Tell me what does LINK even DO?
I'll wait.
spoon feed me daddy!kek, nope.
How much was the ico price?
ETH = 1000 CTC
couldn't even describe a single aspect of itYep this is /biz/ alright.
Enjoy your bags anon!
expecting help from a competitorTOPKEK once more, and same to you about your bags!
you'll be included in my 2019 Q1 screencap after LINK is $1k+
So ChainTrade is going to be the FIRST licensed blockchain COMMODITY exchange yet you think link is competition...why?
WTF does link have to do with trading metals, food, and oil?I bet you desperately shill link in just about every thread you can.
Your kind isn't welcome here.
Only one chain rolls around these waters.
YOU are my competition, my friend.
https://etherdelta.com/#CTT-ETHIt's traded here, though no one is selling.>inb4 wrong symbol.
Follow the Etherdelta link, it goes to the right smart contract address
It solves the oracle problem
And who's gonna sell if this wasn't even released yet?
It said sometime during December,
There is someone selling, someone just bought some.
It's 5x ICO price though, I don't want to jump into that