>NULS mooning hard>about to break ATH>No threadsGuess the weak handed faggots dropped out early
no threads4266870
Did a little fudding earlier so I can accumulate more.
Sorry, anons.
>people afraid of buying in since it's already +200%>tfw they're still gonna buy at 400% because of fomo
Gave me a bit of a spook but I'm glad I held in
>$18M 24h volumeYeah.
Thanks, but no.
When are you pulling out?
20k?
You're too easy to spot and too obvious.
Got just shy of 1k of these for 30 cents yesterday.
Thought it might have been a bad decision, I did no research besides see that it was Chinese.
But damn, it has surpassed my expectations.
Gonna hold this one for a while, I don't see it ever dropping to my buy in point
dont rely on biz for good info.
pnd here https://discord.gg/XqxnPec
Dude I admit I picked some up yesterday but there's no need to "HODL" forever and get JUSTed.
This is a shit-tier project let's be honest with ourselves.
Ride the wave and get the hell off.
I'm not heavily invested into it, so I think I'll just take the risk and hold it for a few days.
Don't mind missing the top.
This is gonna dump to null.
mooning hard?
more like double top!
i bought literally every dip :Dso happy rght now
but did you sell every peak?
It won't stop.. it just keeps mooning over and over after every dip.
BUY NULS.
BUY AND HOLD NULS
Is it gunnah appen!?
there's a wallet with over 2mil nuls, wtf, who the shit has 5% of the market
probably binance
I can't wait to see all the dumb faggots who fell for this lose all their money
We blockfolio now
this is going to moon hard later tonight when asia is trading, get in now and set ur sell orders for good gains boys.
don't stay poor forever
DIP MOTHERFUCKER
The white paper is a bit cringy, but the concepts are there and very good.
I understand the whitepaper is only the beta (in english) and for someone who is not from asia, reading about upgrades called ice / water / steam might seem strange haha, The project is very sound, and the tech behind it is beutifull.
I bought in at 15500 Sats, and i will hold this for a couple of years.
If it succeeds, which given the current chinese ecosystem i don't see many problems of it doing, this will be a very valuable and good coin.
You wil also be able to sell the coins without using an exchange, since the coins are really needed for the system to work (companies will require the to pay fees for running their custom blokcchains etc.).
I like it :) (I bought 9000)
any one can translate?
he didn't buy in at 0.30
Are we expecting another pump?
It feels like all of /biz/ left during the last pump
This is the dip
free money by investing NULS
Here comes the crash boys
Yeah right take your FUD bullshit somewhere that deserves it, don't trick anons into not getting into NULS when they should be adding as much as possible.
My hands are getting weak
do you guys not see the double top.
this project won't have a final product for five years.
take your profits and get out.
this is the sad truth of the crypto game, anyone that's gonna make it has already sold
they should be.
do you people have no memory at all?
fud
All in at 15000.
Should I sell now and take the loss?
No why would you sell at a loss that's retarded.
Average down bro add more.
I fucking bought at 10000 and 15000.
What the fuck.
I'm fucking hoping the chinks will pump this again
Average down.
Add more at a lower price.
It's going to skyrocket all week
about to break ATHWow you really got me interested in buying a coin near it's ATH.
It's my painful fetish.
shhhh
fake sell walls all day
It'll climb above like the last two days in a row.
Smart money is on buying and holding for the week.
Did it reach $2 yet?
shit looks like it's about to push low on Binance
I'm all in at 15000 I'm getting just so fucking hard.
> airdropped 40% of supply to pajeetfor that reason, I'm out
source?
Don't be silly.
It is going down.
Confirmed PUMP and DUMP.
their fucking whitepaper, kek
smart money is on buying and holding for the weekI admire your commitment but smart money jumped in the other night already sub $0.30 (0.30 was the normie entry point), swing traded it on NULS/BNB then swing traded it on NULS/BTC sats to 17800 to 10000 to 16000then the volume diedhttps://nuls.io/pdf/Nuls_whitepaper_en_V1.0.pdfIt's a 5 minute reading.
No smart money just woke up after a wonderful nights sleep.
I told you I was going to sleep on this and not selling until $5.
NO FUCKING BRAKES