holy shit you can't make this up
Cant make up what?
LOL
Kek.
This just adds insult to injury of the digicuck bagholders.
>Travis Wright is a Venture Catalyst, Public Speaker, Digital Disrupter, Marketing Provocateur, Stand Up Comedian, Tech Blogger & Brand Awesomeizer.>This Travis Wright guy shares marketing resources, industry analysis, interwebs strategery & random hilarity along w/ occasional sport or political rants.
If you can stand his jokes and want his opinion on something, feel free to connect with him.
lol , been mining this shitcoin for the past few months, sitting on about 35k DGB right nowheres to hoping it ever pumps back to 5 cents
You do know it will reach $1 right?
missed you
I dont really care man :) I bought at 2k sats and am down about $13 mil right now but I didnt lose anything...I didnt sell..
still have 3k
congrats on this.
seriously.
So anyone making mad gains on that DigiCuck Minecraft server?Made 3 BTC just last night.
Wat?
You are just a hater...we are used to that but we dont care man get in or miss...simple as it is
Read on 4chan back in June Dgb will be 10 dollars in 5 years.
DGB @ 1.2k sats.
Spend 1k cash on it.Here I am today.
Just a faggot in the wind, bought a memecoin and now I'm down and out, gonna be homeless soon.
Any faggots that took a lot of my money want to pay me back a little:1vqj9XWivJFFiBRzkFxzraXD2WUzp75b6Either way, we'll see you on the next episode of AMERICAN GREED: DIGIBYTE
That's a BTC address btw.
Thanks and don't sent meme me either.
I really need the btc you greedy fucks.
1vqj9XWivJFFiBRzkFxzraXD2WUzp75b6
4429987i'd like to thank you again for buying my bags at such generous pricescouldn't have made it out the ghetto without you folksthe greatest transfer of wealth in our lifetimes...
Its small amounts, no need to thank for everything...we are here for big money
i made an absolute killing on digibyte and proceeded to magnify it through the alt gains that followed in the wake of this shitcoinnow it's thoroughly diversified, i've cashed out a healthy amount, and i'm sitting prettyi literally couldn't have made it without digibyte rocketing my shit into the next dimension the week i (and apparently hordes of other retards!)
started trading but it was so obvious that it was a shitcoin and that the prophets of it were deluded children and pajeets that i was sure to get the fuck out of there as soon as the green candles slowed downso like i said, thanks!
ted trading but it was so obvious that it was a shCant understand what you are saying....but yea get in while the price is cheap...
We are here for big moneyYes, thank you for giving me your money.
It was very big as a whole and thank for being a contributing normie.
this is a blue board plz some of us work the weekends.
Thank you.
Next time I will get the mods
You probably made $10k and now think you are all fly here?
Get off normie -.-
I can't believe this fucking thing never gets delisted it's crazy.
Ohh no newbie...it keeps getting listed on new exchanges as it is great project :) Thank me later.
loster
since the shitcoin boom of spring many of their blockchains have come under attack as people look to exploit old vulnerabilities in undermaintained garbage coins like this.
some have dealt with it well but digibyte's github is stagnant as fuck.
it's a matter of time for a lot of them.spamming exchange operators with a vocal minority on every social media platform until they accept your demands is really good for your brand image
What's the server ip?
Fuck yeah Digi-hate threads are my favorite.
ing exchange operators with a vocal minoBrah cant understand what you sayin

OH MY GOD How is it even humanly POSSIBLE for someone to be this business illiterate?
!Just look at the '''''NEW''''' foundation website:>https://digibytefoundation.org/What were they thinking?Does this shit stand a chance to even hit $0.01 now?i mean fuck, they've taken it too far with how many times they keep disappointing their investors.
The website is simple and clean so you can go FUD other coins -.-
How is that FUD you delusional fuck?Just take a look at the 'roadmap' they've got, literally nothing but wallet updates, some bots a kid can make using java script and a bunch of subtle filler-tier ''''projects''''how can you even defend this?
, some bots a kid can make using java script and a bunch of sYou just copy and paste this man you are so behind....it is a roadmap and you can clearly see wallet updates, algo changes, etc...its hard to be hard :P

Wrong...it has $80+ mil in MC ;) Cant bother with normies no more
442995944300964430275443046144306434430769
don't worry soon it'll be cheap enough for teeka and his boys to corner and pump for you to exit at 200 sats maybe.
but it'll hit 20 first.
Who is teeka?
pajeeta's cousin
fresh post on digibyte subreddit has them suggesting burning coins to pump up the pricethey'll fucking do ANYTHINGdigibyte masternodes soon boys