All this in-fighting with the bitfags and Monero is still overlooked for the most part.
It's like you want to die poor.
Is 100 xmr enough to make it?
Keep stacking anon, it depends what made it means to you.
Would you be satisfied with 100 Bitcoin as it stands now?As with offshore banks, big investors are gonna use this to hide from the (((tax team))) once big money comes into crypto.
checked.
outside of enthusiasts who really gives a shit about a privacy coin?
Only plebs ignore the only actual cryptocurrency.
People who don't want every cunt and their mother to know how much they own and people who aren't fiscally nigger-tier and don't want their shit taxed.
fuck me checked.
how does this work for anyone not familiar with laundering money?
will the normie turn up for cucking and ask to be paid off books in XMR?
i'm not saying there isn't a market, or even a big market, but maybe there is a bigger market?
Monero at least has a unique use.
That beats literally every single "crypto" currency out there.
1 use > 0 use.
I don't get privacy coins.
Countries need taxes.
If you are going to hide your money then who is going to pay taxes?How would any government not ban Monero?Not trying to FUD, just to understand.
their shit taxed theres no tax on crypto unless you turn it into fiat
Think about it my dude.
>no public blockchainAll you'd need to do to to distance yourself from a taxable event is to move everything into Monero and swap it between three monero wallet addresses (none of which anyone can see) and you're golden.
I say three cause that just seems sensible.
'x' coin to monero to monero wallet to another monero wallet to the final monero wallet.
implying nobody scrapes a percentage of their profits to live on
Do you genuinely think wallstreet folks are paying taxes?
Taxes are paid by plebs, the real ballers hide their money off shore.
This is basically that, but digital.
Whut?
So your answer is that no one is going to pay taxes in the future when Monero is currency?
valid and although i see it as robust, the ceiling seems more limitedi don't understand what this is supposed to achieve?
It sounds like our hypothetical endgames are fundamentally different.
I don't think there's going to be only one currency, but I do think they'll all be digital.
We'll have currencies that co-exist, much like we do now.
And for a long time, fiat and cryptocurrency will form some kind of integrated economy.
Huh yes monero will be banned, but before it is banned it will x1000
i don't think you are retarded, but this is fucking retarded
Curious as to why you think that.
Countries need taxesjust like loosing war on drugs governments loose war on launderingwe will eventually come to a system when people pay taxes primarily on whatever they spend, not what they earnyou just can't hide that you bought a car or a house
Huh yes monero will be banned, but before it is banned it will x1000and another x1000 after it is bannedi mean drugs are banned to and now look how much we have to pay for shit that cost almost nothing to produce
of course they're paying fucking taxes
Mate, I'm not talking about the tax you pay on a fucking cheeseburger here.
so these guys are all paid in briefcases of cash or what?
Implying offshore accounts aren't a thing.