g-guys, what will Roger and the miners have up their sleeves during the fork tomorrow night?
I have a feeling they are letting BCH sink this low on purpose to shake people out
I wouldn't put it past them.
Games are being played here.
jihan has lost interest in bch, hes looking at Dash right now, why do you think Dash mooned after he made that comment on twitter about it?
there's a 10k btc wall at 0.1HODL STRONG MY BOIS THE FLIPPENING WILL STILL OCCUR
Well it makes sense, that sell nuke created many many bagholders.
Roger would be retarded to buy all of their bags, best to wait a few days and let it really dip hard so most of them sell at a loss, then he can buy safely and not get dumped on himself.
there's a 10k btc wall at 0.1It's fucking dead at that point
... you guys don't actually think that the flipping is going to happen, do you?
You bought that Korean pnd bullshit?
Jesus Christ.
lmao you actually bought BCH at an ATH believing in it instead of selling?This is the second time this has happened with it.
How many times does it need to keep happening?Epic PnD.
one single 5 min DDoS attack DESTROYED bch Moon rocket, this is gonna happen again.
Fake pumping on shady exchanges will always mean disaster
4334711you can cool the FUD pajeet, anyone who would fall for it has already done so.
go collect your 100 satoshi reward from core
This is the very definition of coping.
you can do your own research right now, look at when that shitkorean exchange went down for 5 mins and see how HARD bch crashed.
happened ALL at the same time.
huge buy walls @ $1000I repeat, this coin is not going below 1000USD, it is protected.
Only 13 more hours to go laddies, then we kill btc.
LOL at the snarky response.
What are your losses up to kiddo?
40%?
50%?
Did you buy at the ATH like a brainlet???
Fucking DELUSIONAL
dude, the pajeet shills core hired to spam this board is painfully obvious.
this is just like shareblue spamming /pol/ last year
Where does one get hired to shill?
Genuine question.I'm online all day and wouldn't mind getting paid to shill.
it was multiple hours, how much are you getting paid?
yeah dude lol fucking core devs, so fucking rich that they have corporate meetings at expensive hotels on how to destroy bitcoin... oh wait thats jihan
dude, the pajeet shills jihan hired to spam this board is painfully obvious.
this is just like shareblue spamming /pol/ last year
blockstream is the little guykys shill
>Still 13 hours before Jihan's personalized difficulty reduction to pump his coinGood luck