What's the game plan felllas?
Sell BTC for alts

don't have any btc 100% alts rn
i see you like to live dangerously
Alts are done, this was their last breathOMG, nEO etc people jumped onto them as a safe harbor, but nobody gives a fuck about alts anymore as soon as they realized tha the king is all gucci
CHINKS INCOMING!!
you're a bit latehoweverSELL BTC and go into ALTSHODL
Wait why would we need to sell alts?
Isn't the fork not happening, doesn't this mean alts will go up?
Alts do things.Bitcoin doesn't do anything.Assets are the way to go.
I've been 100% alts all week lol
steel does thing - cheapgold - mostly a status symbol - expensive as fuckbtc-goldplatforms/utility tokens/etc - steel
gold is used in electronics, you brainlet.
it is a highly condictuble metal.
also, supercomputers have components made of gold.
BTC is worthless now.
hurr electronicsnow check how much of gold supply is used for muh electronics you brainletbtc is the TRUSTED (for crypto standard) sotre of value that's gonna be prefered by our and future generations whether you like it or not
Seeing how it can clearly pumped and dumped like any shitcoin out there, just by larger whalesPpl are so deluded...
>he doesn't hodlgtfo /biz/
nobody said it's gonna be a straight vertical lineif everything was so certain and safe btc would already be trading at 1m a piece
Danger for Bitcoin is over.
No brakes on the Happening Train.
Money will drain out of Alts as people flood back in to Bitcoin.
I just sold all of my Alts and added it to my BTC stack as a safehaven against the incoming Alt Crash.
literally no reason for that.
bitcoin is overbought.
it will go down.
people actually see more value in alts and were only buying bitcoin because of muh free money.
get rekt.
you will hold until it's back at 1k.
LOL
When institutional money gets into BTC, they are going to crash that motherfucker before they buy.
Probably via regulation.
As a month long trend yes alts will go up.
Bit.mark my words.. alts go down for 3 days because some.of the 20-30% jump comes off and normies go hey its safe lets buy btc.
After there is coinsolidation then alts go up again screen shot diss
yeah uhm, yeah me too, this guy he is woke friendswho is paying for your curry you street defiler?