To all the AltcoinHodlers and Bitcoiners,Bitfinex is hurting us with their Tether Scam.
Alts will bleed out of existence while Bitfinex is pumping BTC without end.
Once this fake Tether Bitcoinpump ends, BTC will have lost -80% and the goverment will step in.We have to expose Bitfinex before it hurts Bitcoin and make Altcoinholders poor.Please Anon help.https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-bitfinex-dilemma-blow-up-now-or-try-a-hail-mary-to-retain-in-business-10b9d989359fhttps://twitter.com/Bitfinexed
>muh tether
Can someone explain why this tether thing is such as huge deal?
There are currently $620m of them on cmc.Even if it was a complete scam and $620m vanishes from the crypto market overnight, how big of a deal is that?
BTC market cap is moving by billions of $ per day, why would $620m be such a big hit?Are we just worried they will keep printing more and more?
because the tethers are used to leverage larger amounts of $your understanding of market cap is flawed
More details in this thread  than this one.You're probably too much of a fag to even read the other thread.
You're likely the one to end up holding the bags since you choose to invest with your eyes closed.
So what is the dooms day scenario?
its just a huge scam and they fuck over new investors.
possible scenarios are that goverennen tries to regulate or it crashes because all new investors got fucked
You know what might tempt someone in the higher ups to launch an investigation against Bitfinex?
Huge financial incentive.Uhhhh CME futures is coming soon right?
kek.
so whats stopping them from shorting the fuck out of bitcoin then launching an investigation against Bitfinex?
thiscrypto is still incredibly small when you consider the amount of money in the world as a wholeyou faggots really think a multi billionaire isnt behind bitfinex?
you really think bitfinex as a whole being around as long as they have, being one of the biggest volume exchanges if not the biggest havent made billions?
step outside the crypto bubble for a moment and fucking think