BCH will soon create 2k coins per week more than BTC could ever do with mining.This is the death of BTCsoon BCH will have more coins in circulation and that of a higher value.
Core shills lose again.
since when did higher supply mean higher value
higher value because of the flip
Higher adoption = higher value
There will be no flip
Put it all on BCH anonI dare you
Are ppl really this fucking retarded....
this nigga is right.
all you bcc shills are beyond retarded.
yall heard of scarcity value?
This means it has more inflation and should be worth less (though I doubt inflation will matter THAT much on a closed system with a known cap of 21 mil coins).The adoption rate doesn't matter since Bitcoin is divisible to 8 decimals.
Am I getting meme'd?
yesvery much
tell me what do you even use bch for?
oh that's right it's only purpose is to trade it for more btc
the more of something is around, the higher its valuedude, you completely fucked up on this one.
>BCH You must be retarded, that shit is terribly overpriced.
Once you realise it's future-faulty
I am 100℅ in BCH.
Enjoy you ponzi shitcoin you literally can't use.
I would only trust Bitcoin and maybe Litecoin on large amounts.Everything else is a pump and dump shitcoins
You're either baiting me or retarded.Adjusting mining difficulty is literally changing the rate of inflation.
It's what governments do when they want to print more money out of greed or incompetence.
The set rate of inflation is the number one reason btc is attractive.
We don't need a copycat with cheaper fees, we need a reserve currency for all cryptos.
having more of something means the price will go upBetter buy some ripple, its going to reach 100k per coin.
This is exactly the reason why I'm not in on BCH, that just means more BCH to buy BTC with LOL
Imagine,000,000 supply of coin>price $100>therefore mcap of $100,000,000>flood market and supply is now 2,000,000>still $100,000,000 mcap>price now $50Your thesis is contingent on the market cap growing.
the shilling is getting more retarded by the minute