Who here still getting absolutely JUST'd right now
Holding bch
yup down 60-70% on bch
4352224glad i stayed away from that bullshit.
ICN TENXWhy are you fucking me so hard.
Just on NEO, I bought in at 450k sats, its really fucking holding me back right now, I want to sell it and make gains elsewhere
4352224My brothers.
Down 110%
HOWIf you weren't retarded you would've bought around $550 - $600.
We've got massive support around 1k, so even if it 'crashes' you're still up almost 2x.How the fuck is anyone losing money on this shit
Trying to catch falling knives after the crash.
Replying to anyone crying about BCH
thisonly idiots bought bch
went from 0.34 to 0.49 btc scalping it form 1900k sats-2100k sats, went to bed and woke up with my sell order hit and price was at 4100k sats, thought fuck its run this much ill do one last scalp to 4200k, bithumb went down but price stabilized at 3000k sats, thought once the koreans are back well hit atleast 3.5k again, nope, been getting just'd ever since.
I sold 50 BTC in 2010 for $160
i been doing pretty decent last few days, bought hst when 4chan told me about it at .0065 sitting comfy sold my investment plus more and still have more left.
bought some cfd during the dips, sold most of my investment still up by alot.
got way more eth now then i did few days ago, and have bunch of shitcoins to trade also.
really into the etherdelta shitcoin 4chan pumps those are cool if u get in early.
also eth went up itself so thats cool too.
waiting for eth to get back to .1 btc then ill get some btc too.
that might take a few months tho but pos will be nice when it comes.
bch, i dont believe in big blocks i dont believ ein china minners centralizing btc so i dont invest in it.
i like small blocks i like huge fees and long transaction times on btc.
if i wanted quick fast trades i use eth, btc is more of a long term investment not for daily use.
and someday maybe if they getoffchain scaling then btc can be used for trades.
but eth is the traders currency atm with all the decentralized exchanges being built all the icos and tokens all the dapps, eth is where its at for now and the next few months.
only way to lose is uf join during fomo.
if u buy the dips off of fundamentals and things u beleive in then u make money, if u buy because of fomo at the top of a pump ur gona lose.
it takes a few times to learn but eventually u learn ur lesson.
i learned mine shorting btc when it pumped and lost like 20 btc :( slowly recovering my losses with eth shitcoin etherdelta trading tho so im patient.
im almost back up to what i lost.
maybe another few days or weeks at most.