Last night I remember checking the number of unconfirmed transactions and it was 22k.
That number is up by 17k since then.
Don't tell me this is actually for real?
Will we see 100k again by this weekend?
Literally up by 3000 since I posted that photo
In 2 and a half days it will go up super fast.
The chain death will begin then.
what are we looking at anon?
AHAHAHA ITS RAINING UNCONFIRMED TRANACTIONS
IS IT TIME?
?THE DRAGON IS FINALLY GOING DOWN?
APOLOGIZE
This is the number of unconfirmed transactions on Bitcoin's blockchain.
The fact that it's going up rapidly means that it's possible it's being clogged PURPOSEFULLYOPERATION DRAGONSLAYER?
looks like blockstreamcoin is soon kicking the bucketgood.
goodnight sweet prince
actually it means the btc blockchain software is years out of date and can't handle the volume of normal traffic.
ETH does twice the transactions of bitcoin daily and still has  minute confirmations with fees only a few cents.
Sell order at 1500.
Too conservative?
We're dooooooooooooomed!You guys are retards
It will only be going up for days, retard.
^
operation dragonslayer: pajeet shilling farm
4507942BTC IS OUTDATED.
I REPEAT BTC IS OUTDATED.
TIME TO LET GO OF YOUR BABY TOYS AND BECOME A MAN
Legacy wallets that have a default transaction fee and users dont adjust itShitty exchanges that don't apply correct fee (like liqui.io)BTC = store of value, deflationaryETH = transfer, inflationary, scalingI have no problem with thisGiven the current state of the technology, you should not be using the longest, hardest, slowest, most expensive transaction method.
that should be obvious.
More than 100,000 unconfirmed transactions for three days??
?Oh, I'm sure it will scale when it replaces fiat...
Absolutely time to buy BCH if I've ever seen it.
20% of miners now on BCH.
Up from like 5% a couple hours back.
fuckkkk
Bought 1 BCH.
When will I be able to afford my lambo?
.
Reminder that ETH processes more transactions than all the other blockchains combined.
And they get confirmed in about 15 seconds with 1-2 cent fees
IN SINCE $15COMFY AS SHIT
I have some pending transactions with my bank account right now.
I wonder how many other pending transactions Chase has on its network at any given time?
BTC and BCH are both cuck coins daddy ETH is already handling more transactions than you and all your faggot fork wannabes combined have a nice day
ETH = inflationaryanon... have you seen how slow ETH is going to be growing in supply in 2 years time?
it's certainly less than the amount of ETH lost