I have officially been finessed
Nice try Gucci.
Gonna be filthy rich with ODN
Same

The Pussy is Yours
4365454this coin has become the biggest joke in history.
I can't believe I made some money off it.
If you're still holding this... you're a true marine

You do realize you're taking an out of context conversation about ridiculous crypto currency names right?Jesus fucking christ, you're trying so hard.
Get yourself a new hobby anon, or go for a walk.
ODN 10 bucks Q4 2018
i never read about obsidian.
what are the tokens used for?
dont tell me they are used to pay for the service please i dont wanna die of laughter

4366993pay for the service
You were all warned and none of you could figure out how user adoption of this would spread widely to normies (anonymity not even a basic free feature).
Take this as a good lesson about believing without sufficient basis.Even if the devs didn't implode, it would have still failed.
Obsidian is a platform, not a chat app.
People fail to see how much potential this project has because they keep thinking it's about chatting.
ODN can be transferred through the app 100% anonymous.
New apps will be announced soon after the relaunch on Dec 4th.
Get in now and get rich as fuck.
Don't listen to the fud on this board.
Fun fact: Obsidian Messenger is going to just be one part of the Obsidian platform.> don't tell me they are used to pay for the serviceWhat is Ethereum?
Do you spend ETH to contribute to pajeet ICOs?
Are you using ETH tokens to pay for the service?
He was just complementing a community member for making something.
The guy is a coder, not an artist.
Yes, that is a flyer created by a community member that Blackstone enjoyed and was fine showing?
What are you trying to do here anon, why have you still not left your house for that walk I mentioned?
They're trying to spread FUD once again.
This board is a fucking toxic dump.
It doesn't matter though, we'll be laughing in the end when we're in the "I told you so"-period.
Anonymity is not even a basic free featureActually it is Anon.
There will be no “normal” unsecured messages.
All messages are fully encrypted end to end with perfect forward secrecy.
That is at the core of the messenger.Pricing models are still being determined and will likely fall towards storing of files, in the most basic sense the messenger will be free to use with all communications encrypted using Elliptic-curve cryptography.
Also, tokens can be transfered through the app which makes them a holder of value.
That feature alone makes it worth $$$.
The face of success.