Can I recover from this?
of course you canthe more you dwell on it the worse it will geti know it's hard to lose moneyand that seems like a lot but again it's just money.
as long as you're health is intact you'll be around to make more of it LOTS MORE!!!
!when you're done mourning your loss, go make some more money and plug it back in to crypto but choose 4 to 6 promising young projects and one of them is set to moon.
you'll make it all back in a yearas for the money you lost, just think you spent it on a nice tropical vacation.
how do you fucktards do this during this amazing bullrun?everything I buy goes up
you are a lucky bastarddo you day trade it?i lost a lot on day trades because im a beginner and i got weak pussy hands when i see it drop 30%.
i cave in and sell.
a few days later it rises.do you do TA?
the only things i bought and went up were VTC and BTCbut at the moment i'm cash long because of operation dragonslayerthen again I should be all in on BCHwhat are your thoughts anon??
how can we make money during these troubling times
Where do you guys usually set your stop loss orders?
Do you set it near what you bought in for?
Or do you wait till it goes up some and then set a stop loss ?
i don't set stop losesi just never sleeep hHAHAHAHAHHAi'm so sleep deprivedmy family is worried about me but then again they don't know what crypto is
ok heres the deal.
Who will win on intraday trading?You:HFT bot with decades of engineering with the best statistical nerds finance teams can buyStay away from another under the daily chart.
..............how the fuck?I trade crypto.
We like volatility but....what the fuck did you do to yourself?
Going to sleepnow fuck you 1min candles keeping me awake
thank youso hold for at least a week?
or until a satisfying return is realized?
I know right?
This has been my best run to date.
New Paradigms every few days.
Pic related
What app is that?
my shortest trades are a few weeks.
there's tons of strategies that work, but I find mine to be pretty low stress.don't do margin trading.
leave it to the pros & gamblers.
same with options and short selling.learn some technical analysis so you know good entries & exits.put most of your portfolio in indexes that simply can not fail long term.with the rest of my play money, i do riskier plays that get me better than the 10% annual return.look for stocks with good fundamentals that are oversold or on a pullback from a bull run.PE should be under 20. at least understand if its over 20, the value is based on speculation and hype and any bad news could tank it.understand EPS, debt, and growth indicators.check the news and information about the company.
Otherwise you could end up buying shit like TOPS that looks amazing on paper, but is utter shit.most of my picks are just from news articles or places like biz, where i check up on the stock and reject it if its too risky.I got in on Micron, bank of america, google, and just held them for months.KEM had a 20% pullback just because the market didn't like an announcement.
So i bought the dip.
Fundamentals are still all there.
Agreed I'm long on Cash as well!
It's a pretty amazing coin already and people are not seeing the potential.
It's the real bitcoin.
OP is larping as confido fag, nothing to see here
% annual returns
risky% annual returns
$117 into an index @ 10%>$11.70 per year return woo boy, 3c per day>lambo any day now
putting $117 into anything will get you a lamboI enjoy taking your money.
I get a comfy 10% minimum return you get a -90% return chasing ghosts
bullrunLmfao hownu.ru
It's better to think of it as tuition for learning how to trade :)
oh this picrelated is doing the rounds againwhy would you larp being a loser?
are you really that desperate for sympathy
literal index funds are getting 20% per year right now, competent traders should be getting well beyond that.