 year old student>Have 30K lying around on my bank account>No debt>Own 1 BTC>Zero expenses >living with mom >Basically have all the options right now.Best course of action to make more out of it and to get rich?
Help me find my path, biz.
Stick around here for a while, and you'll figure it out
25 year old studentstudentWhen did start crumbling down anon?
Put all of it into a vanguard mutual fund and earn a comfy 8% return for the rest of your life.
Contribute the money you are currently spending on starbucks to the fun every month.Retire a millionaire at 65.It's so easy, anon.
convert them to Bitcoin Cash and you have 5 Bitcoin in a month.
Or try Bitconnect
4361430 (OP) year old studentstudent>When did start crumbling down anon?I forgot to mention my 2-year cancer break
Sounds like you got it made already, 30K in the bank, student with no student loans living with mom?
nigga you already rich
Put 10k in LINK, 5k in ETH and use 5k to buy FOMO and sell for profit.
larping about having cancer in order to cover the shame that you are 25 and STILL a studentYou are the most pathetic redditor I have seen on this sub.
Delete your account, please.
Start a business and sell it to a competitor for a premium.
Sounds like you got it made already, 30K in the bank, student with no student loans living with mom?
nigga you already richSounds like you got it made already, 30K in the bank, student with no student loans living with mom?
nigga you already richRich is relative.
How to make it grow4361515 (You)>>larping about having cancer in order to cover the shame that you are 25 and STILL a student>You are the most pathetic redditor I have seen on this sub.
Delete your account, please.Deleting my 4Chan account will be hard.
But it is okay, because I'm not larping.
I finished my FOLFOX treatment 6 months ago.
I started with CRAPPY but my body had bad side effect from the Capecitabine.
I had a hemicolectomy.
One tumor in common and filiae in liver for removed.
Thank you for your concern, buddy :)
*CAPOX, not crappy, lol
You already have a good start.
The way I see it, you have two options:>invest traditionallyEarn a nice interest.
Get a job you like after you finish your studies, because your existing funds will mean you won't lack for money unless you work at like minimum wage or something.
Continue saving and investing smart.You won't buy a lambo next year but you'll retire a millionaire, after a life of doing the job you wanted rather than the one that paid most.>learn cryptoSpend time familiarising yourself.
Lurk moar basically.
Learn the ins and outs, be ready to spend a lot of time researching shitcoins to filter out the ones that may not actually be shit.
Then there's always the risk of getting JUSTed, and even if you play smart and keep a safety net, ending up with 15k next year instead of 30k wouldn't be particularly pleasant.Alternatively, kill yourself, because you sound like a massive fucking faggot
Do a fuck ton of research and then buy XMR
Regarding learning crypto: which other good sources are there?
Reddit?
r/Bitcoin and r/btc seem to be talking about each other all day and posting moon memes.. Biz is full of shills and shillbots which is a mess to go through.
What else do we have?
Bump for some sources
Biz is full of shills and shillbots which is a mess to go through.Lurk moar, and you'll be able to tell apart pajeets from legit shills.Learn to use the exchanges, gain experience.
Make sure you aren't a fat-fingered noob (I saw at least tow threads today from anons rejoicing at the profit they get from that kind of people).DYOR if you're looking to invest for holding.
Thoroughly.Learn to make good judgements if you want to swing trade or pump and dump for quick profits.And most important of all: buy high, sell low
 get 50K LINK.Hold some long terms, aroudn 8K in each.Get a vanguard.
Fix your personal finance.SOrry to hear about the cancer.
Had it too kek.
27 and still a student (med).We're gonna make it boyo
I made it through.
In a way I can draw many positive out of it.
I learned a lot about perseverance.
Which one did you have?
Honestly the best thing you could do is invest in Swisscoin.
It will give you many riches and prosperity.
No need to thank me.
Just lurk more you fucking bum, ffs