BCH hash power %Miners operating at a huge loss!They'll keep this up all they way through the hardfork and moon!Avg BTC transaction up to $20!
What website is this?
Fucking give it up already jesusIt feels like half of you weren’t even around to witness this exact same “flippening” PnD we had in August
As outlined.This should be no surprise.
Some of you are so beyond gullible and retarded.
quit posting this shit in every thread, ive already taken you out browhere it went up like 2x?
?its holding steady at 3x what it was a week ago.NOT TO MENTION this was based on NEWS - seg fork got cancelled
D E S P A I RESPAIRHurrying up because of the nips farm being almost online ?Crash and burn, jewchinks.Never stop your foes while they do mistakes.
It peaked at fucking 0.5 and people sold as low as fucking $20... if anything the last pump was more ridiculous, I know I personally made more btc the last time
So how does it feel to sell BTC low and buy BCC high only to see BCC dropping?
This is god-tier to watch for me, even though I am down on my alts a bit.
Totally worth it seeing you suckers wallow in despair.
deluded retard, I hope it get's back below 0.1 so you newfags learn how shit works (or kys, I'm fine with both)
one thing i know is biz is always wrong .
so i hold my BCC bought at 350$ .
see you faggots
you can dream pajeet
when did you buy, above 0.3?
Nicehash saw a massive spike in rewards on equihash for one hour which people say is used by BCH.
Someone obviously wanted to get as many nicehash miners to switch to that and spike BCH's hashing rate temporally.
usd still sitting pretty fuccboi
muh flippening>buy high for max gains>bch will take over the universe>-45%>buy my bags please
Bcash has gone too low for it to go back up againToo many bagholders who will put up a solid sell wallIt's like what happened to REQ, it is doomed to only hover around ICO price
You must be new to crypto.
Anything can happen here.
too low to go back up againPump - prices go upShort and dump - prices go downRepeat for infinite money
Saucehttps://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionvalue-btc-bch.html#3mYou're retarded.
Fork.lol uses 3hour average.
Not real time hash rate.
Can you not fucking read
bit info hash rate chart uses daily averages
What's with this meme?
Do you think I'm retarded?
I bought at 0.08.
I'd be more willing to bet that the NiceHash equihash spike was for the release of BTG
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/hashrate-btc-bch.html#3m>Average hashrate (hash/s) per day>Can you not fucking readhow about you?
lel
this will change in few hours with difficulty adjustment update
4337603And you both didn't sell at 0.3 or even 0.4.
You both are truly deluded and will hold this shit forever, with your gains slowly creeping away until you are in the red, missing every other opportunity.
You both need to learn to become emotionally unattached to an asset and how to take profits.
Learn or stay poor forever.
How many hours exactly?
-7 iirc
BCC is here to stay boiz
Everyone is so fucking new here and can't see the big picture.
Fact is that Ver is in the process of dumping his Bitcoins.
There's no reason to do it free fall style.
He's exiting big, mostly into USD.
However, he is going to pump BCH.
How much do you think it cost him to keep that 0.5 buy wall up for a while?
Fucking pennies.
Now weaks hands sell.
It's just a matter of time before Ver buys more BCH.
Everyone not dumping their BTC for BCH right now are fucking retards and hate money.
Btw those giant bch buy walls on bittrex turned into giant sell walls.
Isn't bch gonna fall to 0.10xxxxx before the green wall (which dissappeared btw) kicks in?
Sure he will sell all his BTC because he hates his money.
Oh wait..
Hey now.I don't think anyone wasn't a little worried and anxious yesterday.
It got a little extreme at one point.I personally sold at 0.35 and flipped a few times between 0.17 and 0.25 on the bounces back down, but I consider a bit of luck in my decisions.
I think the result could have been very different if the two korean exchanges didn't crash.
It's wasn't based on news -- jihan's chink insect army was planning to do this pump regardless of the outcome of S2X:https://theflippening.github.io/open-letter-to-bitcoin-miners-from-another-miner/
thanks, would you like some more salt to run into my wounds?
Looks like you're running low.
The big green block is back but it looks waay fucking suspicious.. its at 0.10000000 where as the price is not dropping from 0.16500000, increasing infact.
Can someone explain this?