It's shorting anon again.
Now I've already warned you twice that bitcoin will drop to sub7k levels.If you are reading this, you probably are poor pajeet hopelessly trying to make your ends meet.I give you this chance to become rich and happy - all you need to do is SHORT BTC NOW
Post your short order nigger
already posted here, what's your point faggo?
ThisIf you want to fud, do it proprely !
no fud, just my sincere wish to help anons kek
whatever, here's my short.
I was planning on shorting more but..
but I cannot, WOOPS someone is getting it nownot much time left to make a bet
Did somebody say short bitcoin?
Well, here's how you do it!
Just sign up here on BitMEX - https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09and deposit some BTC!
Sell XBTUSD Perpetual Inverse Swaps and watch as your position grows in value.
These contracts benefit the shorter more heavily than the longer, because they are inverse contracts denominated in USD but paid for in BTC!
(the contracts go down in satoshi value as bitcoin goes up, and vice versa)Leverage beyond 10x is suicidal, but the potential to magnify your gains is enormous!
If you just stick to 1x leverage and bitcoin goes down in value, you will be doing great for yourself.
Don't get greedy!
4526298$
stop loss at 30% lossthats not good risk/reward
hey shortanon, what do I put my buy order at for btc?
yep I don't have too much and don't risk everything I have.
That's about 15% of my portfolio, Im gonna make it up to 30% though:3 leverage works fine with me, also withdrawing in btc would cost me 0.001 and that's too much.
I'd try bitmex if they add other cryptos to deposit
.0anon i...
ta fag>telling others to short because he seen the future>fuckin shrimp is dealing with only 1500
already posted here, what's your point faggo?BTC whales routinely kill shorts.
Look at that ignorant dummy who just lost 50 million.
admitting you're poor isn't helping your argument at allonly shows you have no idea what you're doing if you're still poor after that huge bull run
I didn't care about setting it when opened position.
BTC just won't go there in any closer future4526393I started crypto in late june when major bull race was over.
still, made about x2 of my initial investment.
I know that many anons here trade into losses so I see this result as rather good.
so why not set you stop at ATH?or are you going to average down there?
I would not recommend...
 is a safe bet, though I think it may dip under 6k for a short time.
If btc goes higher, I'd be only happy to short more.
no need in stop-losses, this is a no-brainer really
If you're so good at this how come you got so little?Since you're so good, why don't you get a loan and short btc with it?Anyways, keep it up, we need retards like you so we can make some money
First you show me your depo then you talk bitchass.
I've never said Im good, this short is so obvious even for 7yr old kid... not for you though.Don't cry when it falls anon.
Remember, you've been warned multiple times.
This mentality will get you liquidated.
You and hundreds of other shorters will cause BTC to moon because when you all panic buy to cover your shorts you will cause a short squeeze.
I trade penny stocks for a living and the best longs for me are when shorts are getting rekt
Do you even understand how market works?
How do you expect it to rise when everybody is shorting?
There won't be this many stupid buyers to push btc upwards as bitcoin is fucking overbought atm.
The only way is down, mark my words and don't be surprised when you see the great fall.
implying BTC is not heavily manipulated by whalesThis is a bear trap designed to trap shorts then force a moon and liquidate them.
This is exactly what happened about 10 days ago when BTC looked like it was topping, it dropped 400 dollars trapping shorts, and then made a new ATH 2 days later.
Then it crashed hard, and new ATH days later.What % of people do you think are shorting this?
You say "everybody" is shorting.
Theyre not.
Trying to pick a top is a dangerous game, counter trend trading is dangerous.
The whales could let this dip all the way to 7.5k so you become complacent and then theyll cause a little moon, and then YOU will be the stupid buyer pushing BTC upwards even though Bitcoin is overbought to avoid getting liquidated.BTW i know BTC will crash soon and I already have orders to buy based on fib retracements, I'm just saying what you're doing is dangerous.
Trend is your friend
How do you expect it to rise when everybody is shorting?Did you forget about Tether Machina?
If you look up for the 1st post ITT, you'll see the channel graph which deliberately indicates there will be fall.
There are no whales who can break this strong trend, meanwhile there is ETH on ATH and BCH trying to flip over the king.
No one has the power to move BTC up to 10k all of a sudden, it's not that easy.
>buy based on fibretracementsway less safe strategy than watching long time trend as I did.
I got burnt with it once, do not recommend fib levels as a primary indicator.You build on your own thinking, I build on the objective market moves.
I win here.
disregard FUD around tether, probs some bitfinex competitors playing the game.
you're not wrong but you can still make nice profits if you don't get too greedyi rode some of those $300-400 dips down last time with 100x leverage and about ~2BTC on the line.
~$300 dip with 2BTC @100x netted me about ~7.5 BTC profit
wow, 100x leverage youre ballsy.
Id never do that because even if by chance there was a small deadcat bounce in the opposite direction it wouldnt take much to liquidate you
wow that's some good profiti don't have these balls fot 1:100, but i'd really like to trade this 1:5 or 1:10, since it's really safe
already shorted, don't forget to buy the dip
just long BCH, way better play than shorting btc.
n-nothing to see here... disregard.Yeah, right... move along, sheep.