Actual Insider here.
I'm telling you guys this because I've made a lot of money over the past 2 weeks and want to help /biz/ out.Now, I know this is a shitcoin.
There is no need for that discussion.
We're here to make money.
Tomorrow, this coin is being pumped to anywhere from 150 sats to 190 sats.
I can't give a specific number as it somewhat depends on how the market reacts, but I ensure you the whales I now are going to 150 minimum.
You don't have to get in now for easy profits.
Just do with this information what you will.
I'm currently loading up.
I hate this shitcoin aswell, especially the team behind.
But I do agree with you.
I made pre-wraith, re-bought when dumped, but this will pump hard soon.
please mother of god i hope this is real, i need to recover my losses from this fucking thing

I don't see why it would magically pump
lol tell me about it I bought at 130What about you
Only got vergeshit, hope it pumps so I can make up ma losses
I just told you why.
It's going to be artificial.
god damn pump this shitcoin already
somewhere around 112 iircthis and my other big hold over the past few days, power ledger, were literally the only 2 alts that were -20% or something stupid while everything else was pumping hard, i wanted to jump in front of a busnow theyre both back in the green which is good but i still need to recover my losses from tverge, pls pump op>pic related
Are you for real OP or just some larping faggot?
are you twentya ?
I am real.
You will see tomorrow.No, I don't even know who that is.
Someone on verge team?
I am not affiliated with verge in anyway.
I will be off for the next 2 hours.
I have a business meeting.
However if anyone has any questions please feel free to ask, I will be back on to answer anything/discuss the coming pump further.
What are you dumping at chico
thx good info just bought 100k
Just fucking pump to 200 already so I can get my 2.5x and reinvest in some Chink coin instead.
Thanks OP.
My sell order is set at 148.
losers coin
I have a bit left after selling for loss because fuck this scamcoinI'll list what I have for 180 and pray it goes while I'm sleepinggood dreams will come to me if you reply "fuck verge" in this thread
FUCK VERGE!Sleep tight sweet anon
What the fuck would an insider know about a coordinated pump.
fuck verge and good luck.
Thankfully I ran away from this shitcoin when it was still high.
This is a scamcoin.
Do not touch.
It's already stagnating
im a xvg insider and i can tell you this guy is lying.
we’ve got a lot of good shit happening but unless hes a pnd whale hes larping about any major releases today
>Stoner developer>Misses all release dates>Struggling to even get a bug free build of one wallet>Marketing team completely detached from realitycheck out this twitter account to find out how clueless and umprofessional this "team" is.anyone who buys into this pump is asking to be JUST
30 BTC VERGEN reporting in: buy XVG!
That is all
https://twitter.com/VergeLeaks
Thank you BASED GOD, my sell order should have hit by now (at work now).
Almost was a weakhanded fag and dumped my bags of this shitcoin at a loss last night but the bulk of my 106-108 bags are now offloaded.If this pumps artificially I don't even care that I only own 50k XVG now.
So tired of this worthless shitcoin's useless dev drama.
Talk about stuttering potheads.
The fucking thing is I was one of the people that always talked shit about Verge but was lured in by the inside info.
I should have been happy with the small profits I made but got greedy and left a fat string of buy orders up like an idiot.
about 6 months ago.
relax bro
IOP fag will write in random threads few more time, if u miss it its your fault
This
I bought this shit 2 days ago at 117.
Said fuck it this morning and sold at 100.
Used that to buy more OMG.
Fuck this coin.
Not touching it again.
Luckily I didn't buy that much of it to be really pissed but still.
I just want to recoup some losses and get into xlm.
Where are you tossing your money for long term anons?
BTC, OMG, and ADA are my real big holds.
Although I'm not sure if it's wise to buy at this moment since everything just shot up.
I'm waiting for pullbacks right now.
BTC is looking alright though.
Can't imagine after that that it will drop below 7k.
But I've got no idea really.
This fucking market just does whatever it wants.
OP here.
Its not happening for another 10 hours, will probably hit 100 sats before the moon mission begins,
proof
but its already sitting at ~107 sats?
>You don't have to get in nowdont worry we wont
holy shit how retarded are you /biz/ you're buying back in cuz of one thread?
Verge is literally the biggest shitcoin on the market, you can't even sync your wallet.
yes, it will go down a little bit before the pump begins.
Why is that so hard to understand?
Where's your proof tho????
That makes two of us, in at 128 here
I'm relaxed lol.
I will just wait and see if it goes up no matter how long it takes.
1 year 2 years whatever,
Actual copypasta hereI have seen this exact post a few days ago lol