>Still in beta with next to no scrutiny>Only on a few exchanges, one of which is their own>Promising next to impossible features such as offline transactions, instant swaps and 0.0000, zero fees>Launched futures and pumped up mainly on Bitfinex>Bitfinex owns USD Tether, the company rumored to "print" fake USD Tethers, supposedly tied to the U.S. dollar>Has 0 relations with banks, look up Wells Fargo drama>Can't cash out USDT to US dollars, their website is broken>Registered in Taiwan, outside of the scope of the U.S. SEC>Released broken reclaimer tool after the foundation "took" custody of 20k addresses>Don't forget, their dev team is full of SJWs that want to "help refugees" and give them permanent housing in Europe, refugees whom are 90% male causing almost all of the crime and rapes in EuropeBitfinex is artificially pumping up BTC and IOTA.
There is no way there is this much enthusiasm for these two shitcoins.
This growth for BTC has never been seen since late 2013, you know, right before Mt.
Gox crashed and burned when they too also faked their numbers in hopes that the pump would continue long enough to pay off their lost BTC.
At least with Ethereum, we know where the growth came from, mainly from ICOs and the fact that it had a very low market cap at the beginning of the year, it performed organically relative to its market cap.
Let's not forget it had the most active threads and boards throughout 2016 and wasn't a centralized developer team, but rather, something built by a whole community.
IOTA on the other hand has little to no activity with the community.
Their chatrooms are hardly active with its developers, and if anyone were to question them, they would give you a less than thought out answer.
Almost no companies are even actively building anything with IOTA, just rumors, nothing actually available right now.
Yet, here it is, with a two billion dollar market cap.
It's not even a real crypto coin.
It's just another company huge investors pumped money in with little to no public info like Magic Leap, or any other traditional company promising the world to its ulta rich investors.
FUD.
IOTA is in alpha - with daily faggots like you fuddingExchanges - few but will be on bittrex within 2 weeks and more by end of yearFeatures are already live and there are already live IOTA projects, see https://twitter.com/jserv/status/930771971519873025Of course people are going to pump new features.
Get used to it as new features are coming out weekly.Why would it have relations with banks.
Its designed for IOT but eventually will be used as currency by default.Website is fine.Reclaim works fine and tangle is transparent.Dev team is great and have many partnerships coming to the table.IOTAs community is big over 30k slack and reddit 30k with a bunch of activity.
See reddit.com/r/iotaBTC < ETH < IOTA - deal with it
IOTA is in alpha - with daily faggots like you fuddingbeta, alpha, it's still not released yet>Exchanges - few but will be on bittrex within 2 weeks and more by end of yearPaid shill.
Bittrex won't even launch tokens, what makes you think they'll offer futures to some jew york banking ledger like IOTA?>Website is fine.I never even mentioned their website...??
are you on a script?>Dev team is great and have many partnerships coming to the table.>IOTAs community is big over 30k slack and reddit 30k with a bunch of activity.
See reddit.com/r/iota>BTC < ETH < IOTA - deal with itthis notion that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing is just not true.
He knows exactly what he is doing
Paid shill.
Bittrex won't even launch tokens, what makes you think they'll offer futures to some jew york banking ledger like IOTA?ProjectionWhy are you defaming IOTA?
the amount of shilling this gets is just unreal.
even some normie friends who have no idea what a fucking blockchain even is shill this shit all the time, thinking they found some kind of next sub 10usd ETH or 100usd BTC.
defaming IOTAI'm just pointing out facts.
Until they have a working product with proper governance that's actually used in real-world scenarios, it's a dud.
The bitfinex and USDT debacle also adds to my suspicions that this is a shitcoin over promising on what it can actually deliver.
WE ARE THE IODIOTSAND WE ARE NOT FUCKING SELLING (because our wallets are locked)
Still in beta with next to no scrutinyWrong>Only on a few exchanges, one of which is their ownon binance, bitfinex and soon bittrex>Promising next to impossible features such as offline transactions, instant swaps and 0.0000, zero feesAlready has these things, if you did you diligence you'd know this>Launched futures and pumped up mainly on BitfinexWrong>Don't forget, their dev team is full of SJWs that want to "help refugees" and give them permanent housing in Europe, refugees whom are 90% male causing almost all of the crime and rapes in EuropeIt's 2 of the founders.
IOTA is literally 30+ people you mong.2/10 FUD
enjoy your worthless iotas when their dev team can't deliver and Bitfinex goes insolvent.
Reclaim works fine and tangle is transparent.What the fuck are you on?
I ran the reclaim tool 2 weeks ago and I'm still missing fucking everything.
I'm using their latest wallet too.
Can anyone explain how IOTAs are capped for Bitcoin, there is the 21 mil hard limit and creating new coins requires mining which is expensive.
Since IOTA has no mining, how are coins created?
How are they capped?
All coins have been created.
Miners are not necessary as each transaction verifies 2 previous transactions.
they are created out of literal thin air like most cryptos, they could artifically increase the amount to 100 trillion if they wanted but they need to make money
Then what makes it worth it other than the fact that people are using it, ex.
Gold has value because of limited supply, same with bitcoin.Is there a transaction browser yet?
Who owns the most IOTA?
Then what makes it worth it other than the fact that people are using it, ex.
Gold has value because of limited supply, same with bitcoin.This is what the autists with no financial background don't seem to understand at IOTA.
They also haven't experienced a real DDOS attack or understand that there needs to be an incentive to verify a transaction, other than with more transactions.
IOTA is not a crypto currency, and using the trendy phrase Internet of Things is laughable.
UNTIL I see a final version of their product, with a stable governance and stressed tested in the real world, I do not give a fuck.
Shills need to stop promising shit that won't happen.
Bittrex will not release your stupid beta ledger next month.
It won't happen.
screencap this.
capped.
And there are already working IOTA IOT products in use
I can't even fathom how brain damaged a person has to be to think iota is a good investment
Tons of FUD here.Iota is a unique spin on cryptocurrency.
If it delivers it will become the #2 coin easily.Tangle is much better than Blockchain.Transactions verify 2 previous transactions.
Making it fee-less and quicker.Pretty funny how false your FUD is.
Almost like you're part of an anti-shill group or paid to do this...
been in iota since like .40 would selling like 1/2 of it after recent pump be stupid?
anyone?
This.Fuck this coin/team.Cant even keep whats mine with their shit wallet that doesn't work.
tangle curl/kerl fuck them
it's never stupid to take profit.
the question is will you look back on this in a few years and feel stupid for taking a small profit.
if not, go for it
OP is delusional polfag conspiracy theorist.
Lmao.
.what could it reach if it really crushes it in the next couple years?
$3 or something?
what that timeframe is, who knows.
i think it will be quicker than people realize.if the project does get that big, then that's $360 a MIOTA
It will probably get over $2 by end of year.
At least $5 by next year.