How much money would you need to have before you bought a lambo?Would you go the nigger route and have (lambo price)+$1Or would you pick the Jew option and have (lambo price) + (Dollar equivalent of the souls of a thousand innocent children)?
Probably $20-$100 millBecause it's not just buying a Lambo.
It's buying a Lambo lifestyle.
You aren't going to buy one lambo and that's it.
You're going to get a new one every one to three years.
You're going to pay absurd taxes and maintenance.
And since Lambos have shit reliability and depreciate at insane rates you're almost certainly going to need a second daily driver bare minimum.
Then you're going to need a place to put your Lambo and other cars, so definitely a nice ass condo or house minimum.
You're going to drive a $300k lambo and live in a $250k house?
That's mega nigger tier.
You're going to be in a $5MM-10MM++ home.
And that requires all sorts of taxes and bullshit.And you've got to have enough cushion that a Lambo is just a rounding error.
If you'd be financially devastated from crashing your car without insurance you're nigger tier.Remember when Elon Musk made $30 MM, bought a $1MM P1 McLaren, crashed it and just laughed?
That's where you have to be.
nigger route(lambo price)+$1hahahah god damn....damn it feels good to be White
Oh I just watched that Stradman Fagman vid, he broke down his Lambo Gallardo ownership cost.2 or 3 years I think, daily driven (40 miles on average every day)....FUCKIN 40Kahhahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Lambos aren't unreliable, ferrari's are.
The most you need for a Lambo is do a $10,000 clutch replacement every 20k-30k miles depending on you drive it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhewUl_9VWcBut there's a catch, he had to replace the clutch and that alone was 11K with parts and labor...so take that in consideration.Also sorry for linking this soyboy numale youtube cuck - lowkey I think he's at least semi-redpilled but has to cuck down for youtube shekels - because that's how he afford the lamb.
He said in another one of his videos that he tries really hard to make his videos viewable by all audiences because youtube would demonetize his videos.
Yeah and he also mentioned that some fuck random video of his was straight up demonetized...just a random vid of him driving around hunting down cars ahahahahBy the way, PS, I may be too old for that shit but GOD DAMN I find it so fucking cringeworthy to see those kids riding supercars not knowing SHIT about cars not getting their hands dirty and the only thing they do is literally STALK expensive cars for a livinghahahahah> i have to go on a 500000 mile trip> there's an expensive car parked at the dealershipThe absolute state of the current year.
wow i would fuck that car.
>Lambo = $400kCheap hookers = $5 to $50Good whores in my country from fresh to yuros = $70 to $500B-lister/e-celeb hookups = $1k to $10kA listers = $50k aboveWould rather fuck a new one each day than own a lambo desu
If you have no shame, you just need to have enough money to buy a second hand Lambo (let's say 150k?)
and then make Youtube videos about it.
Poor and retarded people love to watch this kind of shits.I had ideas, I would make milions of view with a Lambo.
I'm actually thinking about renting a Lambo to do shits.Really?
Lambos need to changec clutch every 30k miles?I changed my shitty car clutch after 90k miles last month.
I know these kind of cars are fucking expensive to maintain, but stil...
You're not getting by with a Lambo as your daily, point is.
Good luck getting a Lambo over 50k miles on the same engine
with lambo you can get sluts for free though.
yeah, if I could afford a nice car I'd wrench on it all the time.
I have a jeep right now(which gives me plenty of opportunity to wrench on it >.>) but it's not really a labor of love.
More of a "Why the fuck did I buy this thing?
"The front drive shaft broke and I had to rebuilt the transfer case just to get the spline out.
Then there was the time clutch tore itself apart in the bell housing, or the time the rear diff exploded, or the time the head gasket blew....twice in a 6 months.....Fucking Chrysler, never buying another Chrysler product again
Let me guess - you're a Michael Bay fan too, right faggot?
It's better than the fapping to traps that most of 4chan does so lets just be thankfull for that.