Hi Biz, I bought $28k (108.14k coins) worth of POWR about an hour ago because you told me to.If this coin goes 10x I will buy a lambo.
There is a dealership in Newport Beach that accepts crypto and I live nearby, so I'll buy it there and post pics on Biz.Don't let me down biz bros!
I'll see you there anon
I'm invested in this coin but I hope it tanks so I can see you burn
whyy should it x10, it just got listed on bittrex yesterday
Nothing like spending your money on a depreciating asset.
This is actually one of the worthwhile coins to invest into.
They're already partnered with energy companies in AUS and NZ.
Also credible as the Mayor of Perth is the co-founder.I've chucked in $10k 30kpowr into is as well, it will 5x in value within a year.
The only skepticism I have of this coin, is a company loaned them like 20k and they never paid them back.
Dodgy AF.https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/73zjv8/we_are_the_team_from_power_ledger_creators_of_the/dnugpyd/
partnered with energy companies in AUS and NZsource?
go to their fucking website you retard.
jesus.
been there no shit about the partnership with AUS companies
that's the way of the altcoin.
/threadClassic bizman> Make a shit ton on good investment> rather than scaling further, immediately waste it all on a car
because it never happened.
he is just shilling
the fucking internet
you know if you wanted to shill a coin you should be nice to people interested.
anyway another piece of crap.
43569584356991Are you guys just trolling?
They have a trial partnership with Origin, which is AU's largest energy provider.
It's on the website you fucking mongoloids learn to read.
Shit Coin.- Only 1 Ethereum Developer on the Team.2.
Not partnered with an Australian Electricity Distributor.
Origin is an Electricity Retailer (they don't own the network and power grid).- Elon Musk doesn't need POWR on Mars.
I know if I get to a point where I can buy a lambo I won't.
I'll need to keep going.
The gains have control over me.
dash followed by 2.AT&T doesn't own cell tower grids either you idiot.
Major retailers handle the business side, they rent or handle the infrastructure.
- Boo Hoo- 69.
Three month TRIAL with Origin.
So what.- Retailers buy and resell electricty from the Distributors.
Ever heard of the Australian smart meter rollout?
Project was implemented by the Distributors.If Powercor/Energy Australia etc don't get on board, this gonna remain a Shit Coin.
They're talking about the lambo, retard.
muh so whatAre you made of stupid?
A crypto company with a trial partnership with a western first world country's largest energy distributor isn't a big deal?
This is huge for cryptocurrency in general, let alone this coin which will probably see 15-20x soon.I want you to remember my words and to remember me when you kys because you didn't buy this coin.