https://www.bitcoinabc.org/novemberThanks to the update, Bitcoin Cash will still be more profitable to mine than Bitcoin Core in the following weeks.Since then Bitcoin Core might be losing miners rapidly such that its network won't be able handle transactions anymore.If Jihan didn't make this update, tomorrow Bitcoin Cash difficulty will sky-rocket as Bitcoin Core defenders said.Is this coincidence?
probably.
Reminder your moving to a centralized cryptocurrency if you buy BCH
reminder bitcoin has been centralized for years
wait wait waityoure telling me that the november 13th update will make bch mining EVEN MORE viable?if this is true im all in
Tone down the shilling.
you sound like a corecuck
yea boii
Yes, this is an upgrade for miners
dont you get it?
this will make bitcoin transactions take multiple days, causing mass panic
Reminder we're here to make money.
Reminder majority of Core is on the payroll of Blockstream, a group funded by Jewish bankers to monetise bitcoin.Reminder lightning network is as centralized and as controllable as the present banking network.
Mormons
>be a miner>bitcoin core devs want to remove asicboost>panic because you're heavily invested in asics>fork bitcoin>have complete control over this fork>implement features that benefit you and your already invested infrastructure>people unironically support your coin even though its future is decided by you and only youWell played Jihan
0.000002 segwitcoins have been deposited to your segwitcoin premium wallet
fuck i cant put it any more fiat, bitpanda and coinmama are fucking upare there any other sites that take credit cards?
changelly has total kike prices so im not gonna use that
Is it actual possible to mine bch on a home computer like the old days, or is it equally as pointless as btc?
I really haven't followed this at all.
XMR is the only thing you can really hammer out on a CPU these days.GPUs work too but don't give you that x50 edge over a CPU.
Go XMR if you wanna mine, no joke.
XMR has no ASIC
Please DO NOT spend your BTC on this fake BTC.
Why do I feel like I'm the only sane person on /biz/?
It's a fucking ploy to get newbies to sell their real BTC.
Remember, BTC is the only coin that matters in this ordeal.
Im with you bro
Everyone just has greed and ADD and cares about nothing else.
>There are people that are okay with Jihan fucking difficulty just to make it more profitable to mine his coinFuck this
Yeah, nothing shady about that right?
Let's have one guy pull all the strings and bet our savings on it.
Hell, just give him te keys to your house, what could go wrong?
That analogy would work except you have the option to exit at any time.