AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
how?
good job retard
margin trading
How?
on what?
LONG BITCOIN
Lucky you, I'm down $382k.Fuck this shit, I'm taking what I still have and moving to stocks.
Bought into the BCH 'flippening' scam, eh?
At least you made others 50k richer.
Post proof or gtfo
WtfDid you go all in on bitbeans or something?
how did you lose so much?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
grats
WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU LONG BITCOIN AFTER IT RAISED TO 7000$ are you insane?The only time you LONG is for BCH, ETH, LUMENS when you know those coins can raise 500-1200%.
or even 5000%Compared to BTC which just fucks around between 5-25% and rarely 50%.
buy high>sell low
I lost 200K.
I'm out this existence plane, goodby biz brothers, I had a fun life but It's the end now.I abandon.
4290622I fell for the $10k by year end/insitutional investors meme, chased (all-in on margin) at $7442 average like a fucking retard.Welp, I guess I'm not a millionaire anymore, boys.
Oh well.
Live and learn, I guess.
You too?
Fuck man, I'm sorry, but it's at least good to know I'm not alone.
You actually sold?
Margin callsYou have to cover by selling, man.
Shit sucks.
You will be in a few hours.
U aren’t alone.
I got rekt, I suck at this shit.
Cheer up buttercup.
get fucked coretard, I made 6k today

Don't fucking off yourself over this, anon.
It's just money.
We may not be millionaires anymore, but that doesn't mean that we don't have anything to live for.
There'll be many more opportunities...
butterface
it will go up to 10k end of the year.
bitcoin is doing what its always been doing.
dip moon dip moon but always going up.
you wont loose on btc on long shot.
i wish i had your money.
Makes me feel much better about my loss of $500
Send your leftover BTC to me if you're gonna do it
Everyone says trading stocks is safer and less stressful.
I'm looking forward to the nice, steady gains and getting out from all this anxiety.
Losing almost 400k in a matter of hours is just not something I wanna deal with anymore.
Ah Meg Turney.
Live in the same town as her and have her phone number from gaming related business.
She is super short which makes her cuter in real life.
Pretty nice lady as well.
Pink wojak threads are legitimately some of the most entertaining threads on all of 4chan.t.
only lost 30k today
I got forced to sell about 46% of my position to cover my margin call, man.
Shit sucks and I'm just going to convert to cash and put it into Robinhood at this point.
go all in on groupon and enjoy the 10% gainswithin 2 weeks.
One time I took stock advice from /biz/.
I don't recommend it.
Why wud u go long at ATH using margin?
Y not go short like a person with half a brain?
I was thinking of putting my weight behind something with a low float like LMFA.
It seems to work for alt coins, why wouldn't it work on NASDAQ, too?
4291028
check my story how i did not take profit at +3k and lost it all 
I peaked 64k$ in Sep/Oct, I have only 9k$ left now.
Feelsbadman
Sorry for your loss anon.
I too know that feelk initial>all in antshares for no fucking reason, pure luck>neo rebrands and moons, up to 50k>greedily hold expecting eth levels >eventually settle for 45k>go like half into binance coin at ath>fomo the other half into some pnd shitcoin called BLOCKCAT also at ath>china fud crashes bnb back to shit>stupid pnp shitcoin dumps 80% to sub-icoI ended up with about 8k after finally dropping the bags.
Have been more conservative since then, pulling a trade here and there.
am now up to 13k.>Never give up>Alway rember happy day
Lost a little over $1000, sold BTC at like $6700, on the way down, fomo bought at $6900 on the bull trap, got played hard by the whales.
A thousand for me is a lot.
BTC IS DEAD IT WILL NEVER RECOVERINVEST IN ARK
Good coordinated PnD group if you guys want some easy gains, I've made a decent amount from it so far.
You can reliably make 30% a pump.
Just remember to sell at the peaks and hold for too long.https://discord.gg/u7kgySu
And you fucking idiot fags wouldn't shut the fuck up with your dumbass bagholder memes when people told you to fucking invest in BCHI have zero sympathy for anyone who invested in Corecoin over the last two months.
Zero.
None.
I lost 15k LONG Bitcoin, nice to see that I'm not alone.
Pretty much everyone outside of only bcc holders lost 15-20% today.
Holy shits and here I was feeling absolutely shit for losing 1K.
Feels bad man
4290555Re(ad)tard
come here>everyone is talking about losing money>sheeeeit>check the charts>I made $13 dollars
Will it be back guys?Is it over for BTC orbiting investors?
oh no, guess you'll have to actually do your homework for once
Iktf