I honestly need to accumulate more before this shit absolutely blows up.
I've been paralyzed though, it's like when you're in a dream but you can't run fast enough.
I can't get money fast enough before this thing absolutely shoots up.
nobody cares about this shitcoinif you dont want it to blow, dont talk about it faggot.
in any case, nobody gives a flying fuck about this shitcoin
keep telling yourself that while I load up and ride this ship to the moon and beyond
Starting to see quite a few Ellasium posts now.It appears we are in the early stages of the shilling.
I assume accumulation is happening in the background.
Coin has gone up reasonably slowly about 200% in the last few weeks.Ella seems an unusual choice for a pump, being pretty much a community coin with no real use and no crazy story about it being the future to sell it on.
Regardless, if these postings for Ellasium follow the usual pattern on /biz of increased shilling for a random coin, we'll probably see something like LINK, ARK, DGB, POWER, NEO etc, where multiple sock puppets slowly increase the shilling until ELLA is basically spammed all over the board.If the shilling goes well, we might even see some FUD'ing to aid the accumulation stages and keep the price down.
After that we'll see the pump and then of course the fun part, which is the dump.I assume the shilling will involve positioning this against Ethereum.
Maybe the group involved is dreaming big and hoping to get it to really take off.
I dunno.
Anyway, if you want to test my theory, aquire some Ella and see if it gets pumped..
BUT.. don't get greedy and hold that shit because you don't want to be SigMarine V2.
Nice theory but all the threads have been from me.
There's no group behind this.
I just think it's cheap and needs to be talked about more on here because it simply looks like a good investment.
Also, I'm fully invested so yeah basically my life is riding on it.
where do I buy ?
stocks.exchange
What is it exactly I looked at this coin before but it just says ''ethereum-like network'' like whats that supposed to mean?
They're gonna make a similar platform?
Not sure what to make of this coin.
it's what LTC is to Bitcoin
also, this is what people are saying about the coin: https://altcoinexchange.featureupvote.com/suggestions/2049/add-ella
Thanks will check it out!
Shill
so what?
welcome to /biz/, cunt
Everyone shills, look at BTT its full of shills.
Look at youtube also full of shills.
Its only a problem when people consciously start shilling scams.