Something BIG is happening.One of SmartContract.com's partners just bought a dickload of LINK, and I don't think they're finished.I assume this is either a small player who has finishd their accumulation, or, if this behavior continues, a large one, layering in their buys to not 10x this fucker overnight.Either way, with 0 news, and a major US holiday just a few hours away, they thought now was the perfect time to accumulate.Thoughts?Opinions?Delusions?Regardless of the cause, something big just happened.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
you can do that to the price with less than 1 btclook at the orders on binanceLINK is dead
One of SmartContract.com's partners just bought a dickload of LINKThey dont have to buy link from a shitty chink exchange.
They get it from the 65% of the supply that sergey holds.
Right fucking after I pull out.
Every fucking time.
I like the OG one better.
The writing style is clearly less developed in the final third
Steady nigger
it's dead
bingo, sorry op
Sorry man.
I keep getting drunker and keep adding stuff.
I'm having a drink to celebrate that I wasen't a retard going all in on Link at 0.15too soon?
What does OG stand for
no, if it keeps going down u can just drink more to dieif it keeps going up u can drink more to celebrate
original
Original gangsta
That supply is for the businesses themselves.
This could be an insider making a personal stash.
4516967You're both wrong.
He's not giving it out of the 30% dev stack, that's their shit for starting and running the company.
The other 35% is to incentivise node operators.
Go read up a bit more.
the fuck is this
Temporary FOMO pump.
Just wait, the long slow decline will begin again soon, just look at the last few times this "spiked".
i meant the picture
“BIG BUYS BOYOS”!11Big buys would shoot it up a lot more than a few hundred sats.
Dumped link a month ago and living a successful human life aGAIN