Novice trader here.
What's a good store of value coin?
I live in a country that Coinbase doesn't support so I don't have an easy way to transfer my crypto to fiat (which is more stable than any cryptocurrency).
So when I'm not trading with a certain amount of money I have to have it sit in some coin.
The trick is, even the biggest coin - Bitcoin - is too volatile for that.
I'm thinking Ethereum because it seems to constantly move between 293 and 319, but again, that's too volatile for my taste.
If I want to get out of a position and Eth is 319, that means I'm guaranteed to lose money because ETH will go back down to under 300 and then I have to wait for it to go back up again.
bump
ETH, BCH, LTC, VTC.Don't fall for the sunk cost fallacy, if you've bought ETH and want to move it out, do so.
Just think of how much profits those losses could be turning into, cuz at the end of the day, that's all that matters.
Any exchange with a good amount of trading pairs with USDT (Tether) like HitBTC imo.
According to Economics and current events, Trumpcoin seems only the most logical coin to store value in.
As shown by the charts, it has fallen nearly 3000%, this is insane and only means the only way is up.If you want about 10,000% gains on your storage of wealth, invest in Trumpcoin as it will only go up for the 2020 election.
I'm afraid of Tether.
From what I've seen it's artificially held at 1USD by creating more coins.
I don't understand how that works so I don't want to risk
Tether is a scam, I would never ever buy that dhit.
Cant wait until Maker DAI becomes the new stable coin
hhahahahha is that pic shopped?
i googled tranny beast hacksaw ridge and it came up legit
Not shopped, it's legit, haha
I bet she has a masculine donger.
I don't understand how that works so I don't want to risk>it's artificially held at 1USD by creating more coinsyou literally wrote how it works right there you fucking brainletlmao
Yeah but is that a stable strategy?
That's what I meant when I said I don't understand itAlso don't call me brainlet I have an IQ of 135, 2 standard deviations above average
(T)Ether is good for it, always $300.
what is it thinking?
> omfg what have i done.
i could banging puss like that too still.