Look what happens every time that happens
shh i'm still accumulating
it literally doesn't happen in your own graph, lol
shh, let them live in the dream a little while longer, they'll wake up soon enough.
AAAAHHHHHHH WHY IS IT CRASHING MOMMYYYYY I WENT ALL IN
The fork doesn't actually activate for six more blocks- so 6 hours later or so.
are you blind?
may even be 12 hours later as blocks are very slow on bch chain due to 4x difficulty until the fork kicks in

FIVE!!
SAIL AWAY JOIN THE NEW WAVE GOODBYE BTC
https://discord.gg/aCSZWXT discord for crypto
Where can I view this chart ?
https://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
4 MORE BLOCKS
https://fork.lol/pow/hashrateHOLY SHIT
The two coins are about to reach an equilibrium and then rise & fall together hereafter.
After the HF happening now, they will reach a 1:1.5 ratio around $4000 & then begin to rise again.
Much more short term potential in BCH.
Just FYI
Well that was faster than expected, must be like half of global hashpower just switched over
nothing happened yet.. all the hashing power is still in BTC.
Save it for when there is an actual change you larps.
Could you explain this to me?
So blocks are 4x more difficult for this 6 block transition period?
It's a 3hr average, and it's going up.
Went from around 5% to 8% just now.
Check back in 3 hours and cry.
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#1wPending transactions on the rise again on BTC
Block time faster
I think people haven't quite figured out, Segwit2x was always a fugazzi, the intent was ALWAYS to fork to BCH.
It's Jihan's little game to publicly prove that Core is so stubborn about a measly 1MB block increase, fuck it we'll go all out and go with 8MB blocks to prove a point that the network runs fine with them.
This saga is so fucking elaborate that it's making my mind melt.
It's some diabolical Putin level shit, and I'm loving every minute of it.
When is BCH fork?
434491811% now
 more blocks to mine until the fork is active
thisi made around 800 euros on the shitstorm yesterday...right now ive got it all cashed out and threw some back in for 2 BCH... win or lose, this is a spectacle i have to be part of.
I'm not sure anyone knows exactly how it is coded in.
If it was with the old 4x difficulty it would take about 12 hours to get six blocks but BCH has already mined two.
Either hashrate is already being brought over or the difficulty is already lower.
%...
2 blocks left....Is your asshole sufficiently puckered, anon?
Tx fees on BTC are gonna go through the roof.
senpai ive cashed out gud on btc and put it all in bch.
lets see what happens.
https://www.blocktrail.com/BCCIt's gonna be over quickly now, Antpool switched to BCC
I think all this is fucking over crypto as a whole.
At least in the short term.Two of my friends pulled out already.
15% of hashrate is already moved over, incredible
I'm all in on BCC.
I dnt understand what any of this means, did i do right thing?Already lost money on BCC once cause of weak hands.
I left the market completely, and am back for revenge.
Two of my friends pulled out already.Your friends are wise.While a flippening is a possible and there'e FOMO... the net effect is that BOTH are going down in value over the next week.
ONEFUCKINGBLOCKLEFT!!!
!Any second now....
UN TIL WHAT??
WHAT HAPPENS?
Am i going to get rich or get destroyed?
Exactly the opposite.
You'll regret this line of thinking very soon.
22% already over
hold.
we may see more giant red candles before this is through, and your head will be playing serious tricks on you to sell.
the fudders will be out in full force.
don't fall prey, they want you to buy high and sell low
I am ready
You probably did the right thing, but no one can say for sure yet.
Miners have already started moving over to BCH and where the miners go the price seems to rise.
People say miners follow the price but it seems to be the opposite.
The BCH price hasn't risen since the fork (actually went down) yet miners are coming over already.
XZC / MCO get on now before it's too late BCC is for Morons who hate money
Just realized how genius this coordinated attack is.
Fucking Jihan and his goons are absolute fucking madmen.
coordinated attackThey believe BCC will be the ultimate winner, they're only acting in rational market terms.Check https://cash.coin.dance/
I've held mine since the original fork so I'm basically 50/50 with BTC/BCH.
I suppose I'm somewhat safe but this is tiring nonetheless.ETH is looking nicer and nicer to me at the moment.
50/50 with BTC/BCHThis is an okay position.
I think you'll lose a bit over the next week but there's no risk of ruin.
Just hodl and it will be back up by Christmas time.
when you see BCH rise move BTC to ETH - then wait for BCH/BCC to peak move ETH back to BTC and pray for a Large Dump on BCC you'll be going from 5k- to 6k+ in minutes on your BTC
rational market termsMaybe, but only if they're shortsighted to the point of idiocy.
If they somehow did succeed in killing BTC, they'd be killing the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Investor confidence in crypto as an asset class / store of value would dry up for years, and would possibly never reach its full potential.
They're actually playing the long game and they know the BTC network has to suffer massively from overcrowding before it dies.If anything this is a mercy killing, as there are fewer people in than there would have been in 3 months.
Their belief is that the high fees and bad performance of 1mb Bitcoin is a bigger impediment to crypto to success and judging how retailer adoption of bitcoin has actually gone backwards that seems to be supported by some evidence.
Theyre making a move while their ASICs are still valuable.
Can i join your discord guys?
Prime shilling right here :)
Can i join your discord guys?I fly solo.
:D
with all the scam icos with 0 working products just nonstop hyping their nonexistent product and then exit scamming/never meeting up expectations of consumers, what is there to worry about?
crypto has been devolving not evolving because of this.
ironically normie investors have absolutely destroyed crypto since everyone with half a brain knows this is the tulip mania/the next dot com bubble
who the fuck would bother shilling BCC?Its #2-3 in market cap.biz money means nothig
high fees and bad performance of 1mb BitcoinSo I take it their "concern" is why they're also spamming the mempool?
Same.
Thisis what happens when you refuse to listen to your gut & get too emotionally invested in your holdings (beliefs, etc).
Everyone's a shill or "in on it."
exactly, to prove the point
I don't know, do you have any proof they are doing that I could read?
I was telling you dumb faggots to buy in at $200 and $300 months ago.
I've been sitting in BCH 100% since fork lows and turned 2k into (currently) 10-12ish
 MORE BLOCK!!!
HOLY FUCK
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
got in at $700 and wasn't fooled by (((them))) shutting down the korean exchange to stop the flippening saturday nightthe real flippening starts now
That sure is a nice payment network you've got there>Sure would be a shame if anything happened to it>Ah, fuck protection money, just give china the whole fucking pie or we burn down everything
I concur with:I keep hearing "omg spamming the mempool" but never any proof.Txes are coming in at the normal rates.
They just aren't being processed fast enough because of miners moving to BCC.BTC would absolutely die if more people try to cash their BTC out, or if the BCC price goes just a bit higher and more miners move over.
It's a bank run and a death spiral.The new Difficulty Algorithm actually makes the spiral more likely since it smooths it out.
BTC transaction fees are only going to go up monotonically from here out.
deluded corecuck in the bargaining phase
yup
4345639Take a read:https://bravenewcoin.com/news/bitcoin-spam-attack-stressed-network-for-at-least-18-months-claims-software-developer/Then consider what party has both the motivation and the means to perform this attack over an extended period (as it essentially requires the use of mining infrastructure to process the transactions, as well as a willingness to incur significant economic losses over an extended period.
(Hint: bitmain)
4345632There's still plenty of room to buy in now, this ride is only getting started.
$1400 on the back of a dead giant is nothing, almost all that value is going to switch sooner or later.Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin!.t not pajeet, ver or jihan or craig
HOLY FUCK IT HAS BEEN 30 MINUTES WE'RE WAITING FOR LAST BLOCK WTFFFF
EXCITING AS FUCK RIGHT NOW
More like "exiting like fuck" right now
Where are you monitoring this?
https://cash.coin.dance/
https://cash.coin.dance/
4345867https://www.blocktrail.com/BCC
OH MY GOD
While I understand how flooding the network with one satoshi transactions could add to the "unconfirmed transactions" number, I don't see how that could really interfere with people's actual transactions being confirmed.
People paying high fees in the several dollar range should always be picked first and confirmed over the one satoshi or really cheap spam transactions if they existed.
This does not seem to match mine or any others experience using bitcoin lately.
Even expensive transactions take forever.
If you are saying Jihan is spamming the network with expensive transactions then that is his prerogative, any transaction with a fee is as valid as any other and he would be burning through lots of money doing so.
What do we expect to happen after hard fork in few minutes?
the difficulty should go down on the BCH chain and miners go back to it.
From then on, it is a price war and the miners will mine which chain is most profitable.
Probably with much dumping of BTC and pumping of BCH to ensure the BCH chain is most profitable.
Then the BTC chain will be strangled, as its difficulty doesn't adjust for 20 more days and it is locked in to high difficulty.
staedy rise/decline in BCH/BTC respectively until parity is reached.
Over $3k BCH & sub $5k BTC.
Then they will share the crown.
Enjoy bagholding Btrash.
The only people I don't feel bad about when they lose money.
It's on
BTC holders will panic when they are close to parity.
It will avalanche into true flippening.
BTC holders never thought it would come to this and they'll shit their pants 100%.
The Bitcoin Cash network has now been upgraded to support the new difficulty adjustment algorithm!
Hold me closer.
>fork.lol offline
We ((DID IT))!!!
FORK IS FINISHED
>BTC STILL HIGHERBWAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAH
4346041So when are we mooning so I can sell my Shit Cash?
BCH price seems unaffected.
value instantly goes down by $100FUCK
nothings going to happen for like 6 hours is iti'm going to read a book
sell the news retardsub 1000$ here we goDUMP
tfw you literally are the buy high sell low meme right nowNothing has ever hurt this badly.
FFS this shit's dropping faster than it did 2 days ago, you morons tricked me again.
I hate you all
KEK INSTANT $1100 from my suicide-leverage short position!
thank you BCH fags :)
classic dump n pump scheme
if the morons tricked you.
what does that make you?
Should not have believed today's coordination.
It was jokingly executed compared with Saturday's.
WHO THE FUCK JUST DUMPED ON POLO???
WTF
Topkek that was so worth the 3-hour wait.
FUCK

4346156I only invested $200 at .20 sold at .20 I paid Fees.
O.O They are still Morons
BCH FOR THE COMEBACK GAINZ !!!!!!
HOLY SHIT STRAP ON!!!!!!
You thought there was going to be a pump?
Geez, day traders...Things are just going to smoothly spiral from here out.
Tx fees on BTC are going to rise and rise and rise...
idk why, but I think this poster is Canadian.
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cqb2l/after_new_daa_btc_mining_profitability_went_from/
HODL
/r/btc
alright, buy the dip, or is BCH fucked?
profitability is now 1:1 and the price is only $1370.
HODL It all the way down to 900+ no thanksBTC is King Coin, I should have listened to the Coiners, there's to many people holding BTC for it to be replaced overnight.
this shitcoin stands no chance
im buying more
buy BCH NOW its DIPPING
WE WUZ KANGZDropping stopped right away, its going fucking up.
0.3 today
IT AIN'T OVER YET
Lol hodl it as long as you like, there are no new bch buyers...
The only way it can go is down
>BCH now 1% more profitable to mineHoly fuck is there still a chance
sup
ITS NOT FAIR.. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO WIN.
FUCK U JIHAAAAAAAAAN.
only thing you have to look out for imo.
This shit already went up 10% in the last 30 minutes.
A bit anticlimactic desu m8s.
Give it time, still adjusting.Going to be more profitable to mine soon
the thing that will cause the pump is when Roger and Jihan start selling their BTC and buying BCH, when that happens we can't say, but we saw it this weekend and Roger has moved 45k BTC to exchanges
TOLD YOU HODL, MOON MISSION HERE WE FLY
Stop holding sentimental value to a coin.
Accumulate BCH now.
If only you knew what i know now
>implying ill biteyou know what?
I do.
nice, just went 100k long on bitmex
Big groups are giving BCH buy ratings now HOLY SHIT.
Hash etc.
dyor
Pump has started on Bithumb and has now spread to Bittrex
That kind of attitude will get you fucked over.
Yeah, I got fucked over.Figured out why you don't go all in now.It;'s not just that its risky,.It's that if it doesnt go your way immediately, you are FORCED to sell at a loss or risk being stuck forever.And it makes you way too emotional and rash in response to little changes.I'm seriously TILTing.
Every time i FOMOed i lose money.i rather stay away from those kind of eventThe best is when you're already in it
Lol.
but heres hte thing.
Every time i decide NOT to FOMO, i could have double or tripled my money.Like with ZEN.Like with BCC two days ago.So this time, with Teeka Tiwari recommending, with BCC threatening more attacks, i thought i would make up for those times and not be a pussy and just all in.I should probably jujst start doing opposite of my inclinations.
You bought BCH right?
(BCC on bittrex)I can see BCH at +10k a year or two from now so if you can hold that long you will be good, for now if you're in a hurry give it a few days at least and see what happens