Market Cap: $4,918,121 >Conference with Binance and WTC next Saturday>New exchange before the end of the month>More news in the next two days to be announced
No time for this shit.
NEO to $100 in 2 days
Already buying every dip
Like always, "the new BTC", "The new ETH", "200$ in 10 minutes"...This is a low mcap gem waiting for it's pump at the ICO price
well done, just hold it until the news in the next days or the conference next saturday, easiest 2x ever
I'm going to hodl till next year
What does Aeron do?
An image sums it up better than I can do>Book a flight with crypto, not just comercial ones, but also private ones(like a private jet)
Also they can keep track of everything using the blockchain so no one can manipulate the data
You can check their reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/AeronAero/
Will give it a look.
Cool, join the Telegram if you want to, the community around it is great
https://aerotrips.com/ is theirs too
Interesting, thanks!
youre welcome!
I heard they have some news tomorrow, check their twitter from time to time to check
You shouldn't be talking about it before it gets official dude
>Low quality shilling
yeah, sure< this is just the start
I bought the dip, under ico in $
Smart move, I did too
I think this is the first decent low marketcap pick I've seen on /biz/ in months, thanks OP.
I have a ton of ARN, this December is going to kill it, seriously, I dont expect less than 3x.
Buy a little bit of Link as well, its in acumulating state right now and its going to explode.
I did too a while ago, have a big bag in Link since 5500 sats lolARN performing better than BCC atm
Aint going to stop!
Is not too late guys!
look at previous images, with this low mcap is easy to fly!
To the moooooon!
less than 10BTC to 10k lol
NEO here we come to overtake you as tope performance in Binance
Let's buy the correction and wait for moon
You still have achance to come in below 10k guys!
Still under radar.
Next 2018 top.
Mark my words
6500 sats already, WTF?I wanted to buy more lower
Flag so fine
What is that?
lol
http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?st=flag&id=chart_school:chart_analysis:chart_patterns:flag_pennant_continuation
cool!
Looks like Santa is on the team now
you guys buying the dip or what?
Where do I buy?
Binance
It went to almost 7k today, now is near 6k, buy the dip before it goes up again
Next leg up to 8300 sats
I'm doing it already
I'm going to end up with all that 11M suply
ARN all the way
Hah!
Gonna make so much money this week with arn .
the gods favour us.
Hold boys!
Serious shitcoin, fucking sell now
I want to know more about that cheese man
does anyone else think this is too niche to truly increase in mcap much more?
maybe i'm just naive, genuine question.
Just bought 3k, hope I’m not getting pajeeted
Fuck, nearly bought 40k last night at 32c but went to bed hoping it would drop more now its up 13c.
Going to buy 20K now just to be safe.
The lowest mcap in binance is 20M, 4x from here, also look at ICOs, they have nothing to offer and get 30M all the time
They already have partners in the airline industry.
And this conference in china will push this way up.
Plus a bittrex listing but already they said another listing this month.
So yeah.
This team gets shit done
Tuesday 21 November at 17 utc big announcement
Who told you that?
good point.
i'm thinking for long term holding not so great though.
thanks!
I've recharged enough these days, free to fly
You are welcome friend
Going up again
Welcome to 6k boys.
Soon the top coin on binance for change in 24 hours.
And it will be this way for a few consecutive days.
We still at ico price
Im buying as much as I can
22 btc untill 12000 sats and 100% profit.
Easy
can you tell me why one needs to use a blockchain to book a flight?
anonymity?