Can someone who's actually in marketing give me an honest opinion of how stressful their job [and what it is] is?
I have a degree (business administration with a concentration in marketing) and have been pushing off emplyoment/somewhat seriously looking into programming/trades due to how much people seem to hate their life in this field.I mean it obviously pays very well in high positions but if it means I'm working 70 hours a week and thinking about my job every waking second at home I want off this ride
it's easy as fuck, its making up catch phrases and deciding which creatives to use and convincing everybody its a good idea even if it isnt
Why did you bother responding when you clearly have zero idea what you're talking about
Moron watched madmen and thinks he knows marketing
why would you even ask, i know a lot of people in marketing and they are retards
Chill AF, so far.
I study a Dual Business Management + Sustainability & Ext Major in Media, Communication & Culture + a minor in German.I've been tasked with marketing 2 theater productions for early 2018.
I threw around some bullshit marketing/advertising ideas, they now love me and think i'm a creative genius.
So far the work has involved brainstorming ideas, PR for sponsorship (email's, mostly) and doing Marketing plan for each strategy i intend on implementing for each production.
Ask away
see, this is exactly what i just said
Honestly famalam it's pretty cruisy.I've been in digital marketing for about 10 years now, working my way up.I've worked for big nationwide companies, smaller firms, and contracting.
All have their pros and cons.I worked for a couple of years as a Digital Marketing Manager for a big retailer and that was probably the highest stress job I've had, but even then only 45hr weeks max.I now work for a much smaller business in a more niche industry and I get to steer my own ship.
Just get a budget and have to make the company a positive ROI from that.I also make more than most of my friends, which is nice.
Pro marketing tip: End everything you say with the phrase "Because at the end of the day..."
4334704(You)So it's really not that bad, then?
From what I put together, there's basically entry level positions that make 50-60k and manager that make 100k+ however I hear the latter is extremely stressful and dips HEAVILY into freetime.
Been panicking over that a fair bit lately
So far it's comfy, Anon.
That being said, i'm being paid fuck all.
I've accepted very little money for what i perceive to be an amazing opportunity for portfolio creation and industry experience.
This will almost certainly gurantee me a high paying job as soon as i finish UNI, which is obviously the end goal.