Yes, it has been almost a full 24 hours since PBC announce that DASH was the pick for November even though it was already on their buy and hold list.BTS BitShares is also on that list.
When Bittrex announced that they were delisting BitShares an email was sent to subscribers telling them that even though the price had dropped significantly they still considered it a hold.Teeka went on to say that they thought the reason it was being delisted was because it is competition to Bittrex.
Now we see that there are Poloniex wallet issues with BTS.BTS was just added to Binance and right now it has dipped to 14c.
This is what Teeka said about BTS in a newsletter that was leaked in September:"Bitshares (BTS)The recent rumors of China shutting down local exchanges highlights the need for decentralized exchanges, which allow for trading with no centralization.
That means assets are never held by a central party and the exchange cannot be shut down by central authorities.Bitshares is one of the few running decentralized exchanges in existence today.Action to Take: Buy Bitshares (BTS) up to $0.40."
Good thinking anon and while you have some BTS why don't you increase it?
Buy fucking Zeph and thank me later, it's the reason for BTS's rise.
Enlisting to binance very soon.
Sure bro, if ..you...could....JUST..POST THE FUCKING PBC ARTICLE YOU FUCKING NIGGER HOLY FUCK.
Filling my bags with ZEPH.
thanks
what is your problem??
go find it.
it was leaked already.
November even though it was already on their buy and hold list.LINK Chain Link is also on that list.
When Bittrex announced that they were delisting Link an email was sent to subscribers telling them that even though the price had dropped significantly they still considered it a hold.Teeka went on to say that they thought the reason it was being delisted was because it is competition to Bittrex.
Now we see that there are Poloniex wallet issues with BTS.LINK was just added to Binance and right now it has dipped to 11c.
This is what Teeka said about LINK in a newsletter that was leaked in September:"Chain Link (LINK)The recent rumors of China shutting down local exchanges highlights the need for decentralized exchanges, which allow for trading with no centralization.
That means assets are never held by a central party and the exchange cannot be shut down by central authorities.
"Chain Link" is one of the few running decentralized exchanges in existence today.Action to Take: Buy Chain Link (LINK) up to $0.40."
Find it where you asshole you're the one spewing this shit garbage in /biz/ in the first place.
Nice.
Link was never a PBC buy.
No bother bro :)
I am not posting the actual newsletter but copies have been posted in a lot of forums.
I really don't care if you believe me or not.
Just passing along some information for anyone is interested.
Used the bitshare exchange...Its defiently harder to use than a centralized one and is not very user friendly I can say
on the top bit
It is not as intuitive as the larger exchanges, I agree with that.
It is decentralized, which is an advantage.
Also many trading pairs with actual US dollar not tether.
Thanks, bro.
thanks anon
I'm not really going to hold Bitshare for the long term but I bought it on binance too see if it'll have a moon mission, thinking that it might not though because there's hardly any volume compared to the other exchanges its on.
I'm on their exchange setting up an account.gonna send over the bitshares i have sitting on bittrex for some zeph gains

ok i set up and deposited my btszeph are .17 bts>ayo hol upis the owner of ZEPH a jew?
Buyback scheme to promote natural growth :)
:thinking:
 It might be worth trading your btc for bts then trade bts/zeph.
What value in btc should BTS be?
Just had a run up to 1700 sats, it was originally 1200 sats, would it come down more?
I dunno anon that seems risky
I completely misunderstood you post...sorry about that.
disregard my post here.
Lol i've 40k ZEPH bro, you need some moar
that's fine it's what they are doing to pop up the EOS price anyways.
Which means Zeph will succeed
I did this.
profiting atm
That is what I did, too.
I did pay .16980 so .17 isnt that much higher.
on the bitshares exchange bts is currently ~1800 sats
Bitshares had done absolutely no marketing, so If they start communicating, even a little more, we will see more interest in the exchange.
Oh must be the low volume.
I wonder if it would be worth buying on binance and transferring to buy ZEPH.
on poloniex its around 1450, what I'm scared of is when Poloniex opens up again its going to tank the price from all the other exchanges to about 1500-1600 sats to reach equlibirum
I honestly don't know, but they might be delisting it like bittrex did.
They are competition.
Binance doesn't seem bothered by this.
cont.
regarding their marketing.
I have been reading their forum at bitshares.org.
There is some interesting information there.
Who cares?
It'll be between $1 - $1.5 when EOS drops in June.
Buy and hold.