Hello,crypto noob here with 20k links.
how do i transfer them from myetherwallet to exodus.io?thanks.
don't do that
just send it to the bitcoin wallet and it will take care of it for you
I can't believed op couldn't figure this out
what do you mean by "it will take care of it"?
so is just send my links to the bitcoin adress?
what will it do with the links.
fgt
Don't do it.
It won't work, and if it lets you send them, they'll be lost.
it holds it like any other wallet and then you just use the bitcoin address when you want to send it somewhere and it will tell you how much of the wallet is link.
Have you never used a crypto wallet before?obviously you've never used exodus before
how long till LINKs explode?
1 year?
2 years?
2 weeks?let me know your opinion.
These people are trying to fuck you.Send your links to your ethereum address, and they will get added to your wallet.send a nigga some links 0xcc11b2Db3399C3586E49c84f02D88721e3820baf
you think you do but you dont
I hope 2 years till I accumulate
Fuck this site OP, everything you've been told has been misinformation designed to cost you money.
We're all newbies at some point so I'm gonna tell you how this all works:You can't send an ERC20 (ethereum based) token without your wallet HAVING ethereum.
So you need to send the LINK to your Bitcoin wallet, THEN send some ETH to that same Bitcoin wallet.
Only once the wallet has ETH will the LINK be shown as having 'arrived'.
Anyone who tells you about 'ethereum wallets' is trying to trick you, there are no ethereum wallets and 'myethereumwallet.com' is just a cookie grabber designed to steal your Bitcoins.
What is the point of using something other than my ether wallet?
Seems retarded and unneeded risks.
listen to this
anon pls
this
It's nice to see that there are actually good people on /biz/ and not just assholes that want to lose people money.
Props to you anon.
just fucking ask somewhere else you motherfucking retard you'll just get fucked over in here there's a lot of available information on the internet.
you literally have room temp iq you fucking brainless idiot.
holy fuck i cant believe i am so goddamn motherfucking triggered at your stupidity.
nevermind, just fucking send it to your bitcoin wallet.
send all your eth too because it needs gas to function.
now you have your LINK in your bitcoin wallet.
thanks for reducing the total supply.
you fucking imbecile
if we could stick together as a board we could definetly manipulate some markets.
however the whole board is focussed on fucking eachother over
dude relax, there are normal people with lifes too on this platform.
not just autistic crypto nerds like u.
wait, ive got LINK in MEW with no Eth?
OP, just send it to a wallet you create on myetherwallet.com.
Don't listen to these knuckleheads.
Your friend, Pepe Baller.
4447709 is a newfag.
he read somewhere that you need eth blah blah.you dont need eth.
its an erc20 wallet that you can send any erc20 to.
all i have is link in my mew
First, do not ask tech advice here, there are still a lot of "delete windows32" dumbasses around.Second, technically you could send them to the ethereum address, but then you would still need to use mew to move them, since exodus only suppports an handful of tokens.
You would need to extract your private key form the wallet and use it on mew, why bother?Third, even if you are not tech inclined, take some time to educate yourself, it's your money after all.Fourth, consider an hardware wallet, you are already in the range where spending 100$ in security is a good investment imho.
4447847You will need ETH to send it out of your wallet you fucking retards.
You don't need it to send it in because the exchange will do that for you (5 Link fee on Link withdrawls to cover the GAS plus tip).I can't believe how fucking retarded everyone on here is.
Fuck.
I am done with this place.
good job it's staying in my ether wallet forever then