375 broken
I was here
You guys said to swing trade Eth from 300-330.
Yall lied to me.
Lord Vitalik, bless us with unlimited gains!
You could have been trading 350-370 all week numbnuts, same margins.
swing trade 8 times then dont sell 9th
Moon mission not confirmed yet, but we're just about there.
So close to the crossover.Thank you Devops for preventing pajeet ICOs from selling their bags at 300 everyday for the last few months.
Yeah well you had 4 months to do that
I'm literally in a bank trying to verify my identity so I can buy eth before it hits 400 with my credit cardIm getting financially cucked by Mr shekelsteins (((security))) precautions fml baka desu senpai
How about display some goddamn patience.
If you want to swing trade the 300-330 range and it keeps rising with no signs of falling back down past the 330 mark, then the new range is now higher.
>EthI mean sure, good for you, but eh
Alright I'll buy at temporal ath, thanks
BOUGHT 10 AT 379 WHY IS IT GOING DOWN
Its crashing now!!!!!!!!
Get out!!!!!!!
>sold right at the tip Good feel Based low risk swing trades
We still up!
No way its breaking through 380 on this volume.
I'll drink my own piss if this breaks 380 tonight
this, it just crashed $1.
moon mission over
You have .50 to go son.
Start drinking water.
ITS OGREBACK TO SUB 300 SELL SELL SELL
This is it boys.
We're going to be rich.
Oh anon you didn't buy Ether?
You didn't miss out on Bitcoin last year too did you?
get a bottle ready faggot
Am I to late to buy faggots?
I was waiting to get in at the end of the month.
I had no idea the hyperdrive and navs computer was fired up for a trip to Venus
4511384>implying it will break through that 380 resistance and sell wall>implying Asia isnt going to sell this shit offdont make me laugh you disgusting plebs
i traded my ETH for the predicted litecoin moon.
i am not a happy man this week.
it piss
lame bluff my guy
Target is 500.
Get in now faggot!
You were saying?
Look at the order book - 3% chance it goes past 380$
$382 bitch get the cameras rolling
We want pics.
Litecoin lol
shouldnt you be tying a noose anon?
BUY BCPT!!!!!!!!
Everyone on biz should be buying ETH right now.
This is going to be a monster rally
Fuck it.We'll do it live
post your best vitaliks.
gemini exchange is down.
fucking goddam.
i missing everything today.
get to drinking faggot
PISS TIME
$ calling it.
Then back down to 420$ for a while.
my fucking exchange in under maitnence.
fuck me sally and call me tom hanks
I have .78 btc and 1 eth.how much btc should i sell for eth rn?
You had months to buy at 300 or below.
You know that if we break 420 FOMO is going to take over and we'll get an actual moon mission
Are you faggots trading against USD??
?It's done fuck all to BTC.
What game are you all playing?
I'm in I fucking sold 400 dollars on eBay this week.
Shit I took from dumpsters from my college apartments.
Translated that into free ethereal Feels good man
i only have 65 eth
muh BITCOINzFuck you.
We trading for more ETH bruh.
ETH holders don't give a fuck about BTC
fuckit im goin all in!
but if you did you could have bought more eth
big mistakeshould have waited
atta boy
If you bought Ripple you could have bought more BTC too you faggot.
Are you done being a faggot?
i guess we'll seeI'm selling 85% of it once I have $100 profit or $50 loss.
plan?
That's the /biz/ spirit.I'm in deep too though no worries.
We're going to $400 within a week.
stream it
Dude no
should have bought ripple then kek.
you seem to think making money is a bad thing.
........how fucking poor are you?I have over $40,000 invested in ETH right now and I've been holding since late February of this year.
The pain of going from $410 to $130 in June and still holding was really not fun at all.
Still being a faggot.
Nobody here thinks making money is a bad thing, but you're the one running around in a thread of ETH-holders making money saying "that's great guys but if you'd held X you'd have made even more!"
I'm cumming right now
It's a ETH moon mission thread not an ETH cuckold thread.
We're here for gains and we'll leave when the gains go away.go back to Ethtrader
GODDAMMIT GEMINI.
FUCK.
IM STUCK ON THE SHORT BUS WHILE EVERYONE ELSE IS ENJOYING A NICE WEDNESDAY TRIP.
FUCK YOU NASA IS FAKE.
FUCK YOU.
HOPE YOUR SHIT CRASHES I BET THEY SERVE CRUTONS ON THE FLIGHT AND CHARGE YOU LIKE $8.
HOWS THAT FOR FIRST CLASS YOU FUCKS.
I'm trading a decent stack of it too.Just made back my money spent on Thanksgiving dinner for my family.
Now to start making their Christmas present funds.
Isn't that the reddit exchange?
oh look a post escaped from June
i may be poor but at least i have my reading comprehension
june is gemini you dipshit
What?
$410 and $130 were ETH prices, not my returns.What are you on about anyway?
Hey dude where'd u go
Come back man.
You better be posting a video.
that caused me alot of sleepless nights, mainly because i went all ini sold 60% of my ether back in sept when it was recovering and hovering around the 320$ area, to get my initial investment + big juicy profit, just in case it went down to all hell againsure i lost money by selling, but atleast i can sleep, and can do other things than just stare at charts all day desuwouldn't wish the july crash to happen to anyone, not even the worst of deluded linkie posters
great man.
I like your attitude.
Not hoping bad things to happen to others.
keep it up /biz needs guys like you
kek.now ETH is approaching it's fiat ATH's from fall.
Anyone know what happened to the guy whose wife sold all his crypto at the all time low during the china fud era?
The dude that bought btc at 5k and his wife panic sold at like 3k?
?He went to prison for punching his wife or something.He said he would reinvest all his money back in btc while he was inGoing to be happy when he comes out desu
He ended up being divorced because he hit her.
But I think what he sold was BTC.
its been at 382 for like 10 mins now.
what a shitcoin
What is building support
Is something going on behind the scenes?
Raiden is suddenly mooning and nobody is talking about it at the same time ETH rallys hard.
look at that sell wall tho
No way its breaking through 385 on this volume.
I'll eat my own shit on camera if this breaks 385 tonight.
scamcoinbuy bch
>tfw I'm about to have 100kcapped
4511364
grats on getting 259 ETH
order books are smoke and mirrors.
4512716Agreed.
Its mostly filled up with bots.
I made a killing on shitcoins during the summer too and cashed out my entire investment already, so it's 100% cheddar.
feels good man.
Only has literally 1 ETH because skeleton pedo induces nervous discomfort>Watching moon mission begin>Has 7K on the sidelines waiting to rock...Am I about to be basic /biz/tched?I feel like I'm walking into the textbook dumbfuck trap.
markets move in waves, and right now it looks like we are moving to the next one, so don't buy at the top, just set a buy order where you think it'll dip to and for what you are comfortable with and you'll be fine.
4512384He went to prison.
His money has now doubled.
I agree.
The June crash for ETH was devastating and stressed me out so much, despite having started trading ETH below $30 before.
It was a huge, huge panic sell.
buy at 340-360
4512384>The dude that bought btc at 5k and his wife panic sold at like 3k?
?>He went to prison for punching his wife or something.>He said he would reinvest all his money back in btc while he was in>Going to be happy when he comes out desuI remember that poor guy.
If his cunt wife would have minded her own business, he would be in profits right now.Never tell wives or gf's about your crypto.
One month ago you idiot.
Of course it was going back up once the BTC crazyness stopped.
It stopped?