So, I'm holding 0.08 BTC (bought for $150) and 0.333 ETH (bought for nothing because I cashed out my chink fork kek).
I like to think I'm not a retard but I definitely don't have proper experience trading.
I also can't dedicate entire days to daytrading, usually at most a couple of hours every evening.What would be your advice?
I see the potential of BTC waning for now.
It can't keep itself in perma-moon mode (or can it?).
I was thinking of getting 500-1000 LINK, and holding my BTC for a while, but maybe it's time to diversify.Is it worth trying to chase pumps in my position?
Getting in on occasional x2 would be nice, but is it realistically feasible with the time I have?
Any good coins that I should get into literally today for a pump - is it even wise to get into them if I'm tired and not really up to reading a bunch about them?And is it worth diversifying?
Should I dump part my BTC for more links, or power, or whatever the next meme is?
Or should I stick to BTC/ETH/XMR with small bits of memes (I still want at least 500link)?Tl;dr point me in the right direction
No, in order to really make money trading, you have to be constantly vigilant.
Either just buy and hold, or spend that time in the evening learning to write bots which trade for you.
The supply and demand of a trading bot is it's code and the ability to be able to code one.
bots which trade for you.Is it actually worthwhile doing this, considering everyone else probably also has done this already?I'm actually primarily a /g/entooman so coding it would be fine, but I'd need to do a ton of research to actually make the algorithm.
Really not sure if it would be worth it.
That memeBUTTERFLUG WAT WYOUR WISDOM :-DDDD
>Sell both>Buy ELIX>Hold for 1 year (no weak hands)>Profit x100 (at least, probably more)
convert everything to eth, and wait for the early listings of promising coins on etherdelta
Is /biz/ a good place to find out about those early listings or am I going to have to go out and actually do my own work?
Go draed in binance :DDDDDD Buy ling :-DD