Invested £100 in Bitcoin over the weekend.
Been playing with the idea for a while and thought fuck it, let's get into it.I know that's not much at all but this has been my first experience of investing.Been lurking here for a while but still a complete newfag.
give me the fucking basics of /biz/what the the fuck is: a shark, whale, pump, flip, wojak ?Any other advice or insight into the financial category of this mongolian knitting website would be great
also whats this prostate muscle shit about?
Geez, please do your own research..things are not meant to be easy.Wojak - is a decentralized group of traders with HQ in Poland.
Pink Wojak is an experienced trader.Whale is a big bagholder.
This usually refers to some guy who holds a lot of coins bought at high price and never selling them because of loss.
Collector of bags = whale.Flip is when you buy a coin and immidiatelly sell it at margin difference or +1 Satoshi.
Buying at 1100 and selling at 1101 is called flippening.Pump is when people buy a lot of coin at very high price even at a further loss to make sure that coin is pumped with money enough.
Please make your own research further
Basically this though you don't have to be from Poland to be a wojack
I have over 4K NEO....and i'm handsome AF..
>shark - is like a whale but typically means an insider who knows even more than what future events hold than a whale>whale - market makers.
holds big stakes in a coin, has a large influence on the price depending on how strongly the whales of a coin can collude to fix prices across exchanges.
they are playing constant psychological games with minnows (manual traders) to influence things>pump - price go up.
it can be organic growth but on top of that there is a lot of bigger players buying in low and then using the virus of social media influence to drive it higher where they can sell their bags.
you have to consider how fast the news cycle is nowadays and how fast this kind of information can spread given that there is economic incentive to get in as early as possible.>flip - buying something just to sell it after a short term hold, no intention to invest.
also includes people or funds who buy into ICOs (potentially the lowest prices for a coin, especially with presale bonuses available to big boys) to dump them on the hype that follows out of the gate of an "exclusive" offering>wojak - you, especially if pink>kegels - why aren't you doing them, soyboy?
>tfw I bought £200 of Bitcoin a week ago to kickstart my investment career>tfw it went up to £240 almost immediately>tfw started looking for dope shit to buy once I'm a millionaire>tfw prices are dwindling now and I'm probably not going to be a millionaire after all
another newfag here, buying bitcoin seems terrible unless you are jew pro.
personally i plan to buy 5-10 undervalued, low market cap coins(i.e RLC, MOD, CAT, POE, ETP) and hold them, even if some fail, those that moon will make up for it.
That's called roulette and it doesn't work.
if you are not picking coins at random it should work, i try to pick whatever i might've gone all in on.i think it's not that hard to breakeven on this market, i can easily imagine one of my coins going up x, but i can hardly imagine them failing miserably.
but i can hardly imagine them failing miserably.oh don't worry you'll be able to imagine it crystal clear soon enough
i guess we'll see, from the ones i've mentioned i've only bought RLC so far, did not research everything else yet.
i still think my approach is better than putting all eggs in one basket.