so are we seriously just going to watch btc get attacked whenever jihan wants to dump some bcash?
this needs to stop
Ok, fork to 2x then.
you realize that 2x was stopped because they literally couldn't do the fork right?
core did NOTHING to try and stop it, the code was literally fucking broken
Yes
STOP CALLING BITCOIN BCASH YOU FUCKING NIGGER
The Bcash network is actually more vulnerable to the same type of attack.
thisAlso implying the flippening is a smokescreen for a protracted multi-phase pump and dump is such retarded FUD that I think biz will actually swallow it because biz is retarded, congratulations.
except the people who attack the network are miners, who receive the fucking fees so it costs them nothingthe REAL reason it hasn't occured is because miners dont want to attack bcash and everyone else is broke
Some Bitcoin billionaire please hire some hitman to put an end to that Chink.
IT'S BITCOIN CASHIT'S NOT BCASHOK???
Bitcoin Cash is the one true Bitcoin, get on board
such butthurt
yelling "not bcash" to people's faces at the top of your voiceIs that you, Jihan?
the "not bcash" campaign is actually a trump tactic the reason they say it is not because they actually give a fuck about the name, but to give the fucking retards a simple reason to fight on their behalfthey are all simply too stupid to understand scaling, and thus cannot engage in technical argumentsso they have simple arguments like "bitcoin cash not bcash!!"
similar to trumps "build a wall" and "bring back mining jobs" rhetoric very simple and effective propaganda.
this is why when you go to r/btc when the price crashes, roger will post some stupid shit about "bcash is an attack on bitcoin cash!!"
to distract the small feeble minded creatures that can only look to big blocks for scaling
bcash is an attack on bitcoin cashIt is though.
Your group of semi-organized fudders from core aligned reddits intentionally write it instead of BCH as a kind of slur.
It's the most consistent thing you all do.
"bcash" is the "nigger" of crypto.
Trump won...
core did NOTHING to try and stop itTop kek
What?
One of your coworkers literally used the term "nigger" to attack people saying "bcash".
Some consistency would be nice for a change.
except the reason it was referred to as bcash is because NOONE KNEW WHAT THE TICKER FOR IT WASTERRIBLE launch, it was either bcc or bch, and noone gave enough of a fuck to choose so we called it bcashthis is exactly why jihan ver copies the tactic.
the mindless masses are too easy to controlyes, core went into garzik's mind and made the code failcore totally won the battle even though they were doing absolutely fucking nothing leading up to the fork and the fork cancellation was a huge black swan eventGarzik was simply too incompetent to launch the code.
The man also literally launched an ICO based on resisting hardforks
Japanese and russian mining farm will come online soon.This is desperation from the chinks, trying to squeeze as much as possible from the markets before their mining monopoly is broken.Just hold/ride the waves until then.
yes I know, its no coincidence the scaling wars are in full force the year russia and japan announce the multimillion dollar foray into mining, as well as the year bitcoin production from blocks exits its exponential stagetoo many newfags are swallowed by jihan ver propaganda
You could easily stagnate the network for several blocks for ~$200.
this has literally nothing to do with Trump.you're clearly obsessed with him.
get some help faggot
because you're greedy and simple you will fail.
i'm pretty mad I had to pay 150 sat/byte to move my btc to dump btg safely, I had to spend 10 bucks overall to dump 10k worth of btgtoday i only had to pay 10sat/byte :^D
4438614you faggots are fucking retarded, the reason that chinkjew wanted it called bitcoin cash and not Bcash is because it literally rides off of bitcoin's coattails, cause if it was not named bitcoin cash it would NOT be where it is today.
Literally the only reason it has the value it has is because it has bitcoin in its name.
if it had the same features and was named FAG cash it would be in the shitter right now, probably worth 500 sats>implying bcash isn't in the shitter right now anyway>implying bcrash will EVER overthrow the original head honcho fuck off, bcash faggots
Show me the maths on this.
If trying to steal a brand is the best thing you have going for your shitcoin, you're not doing that great, buddy.
The average fee in Bcash is $0.40 (this is up from last time I checked so my estimate was off) according to: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin%20cash-transactionfees.html There are less than 300 transactions per block in the last three hours on average according to fork.lol300*.4 = $120 total fees paid/blockThe blocks aren't full though so you could pay a low fee, like 1 sat for the whole transaction until you start bumping into the higher fee paying transactions.
So for the one type of attack you can fill the empty space in the blocks basically for free, in the other type of attack you pay $120 for an 8mb transaction and it pushes all the other transactions out of the block, then you would pay $240 to keep them out of the next block and so on.
When I first checked this out it was $30 for the first block, $60 for the second etc.
bitcoin dark>bitcoin plus>bitcoinz>bitcoinfast>bitcoin gold>bitcoin cashSeriously consider suicide immediately and get the fuck off this board.
It's not riding off Bitcoin's coattails, it IS Bitcoin, the original bitcoin without segwit and without blockstream core taking over and censoring its users.Gavin Andressen the original lead developer of the Bitcoin project even tweeted it was the original coin he worked on, he was forced out of BTC by blockstream core, and so were many other developers
bitcoin silver coming in december
Actually its segwitcoin who is trying to steal the Bitcoin brand, otherwise Blockstream would have just made another altcoin none cares about instead of mutating bitcoin into an unrecognizable shitcoin.Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
Uninformed parrotBdark>Bplus>Bz>Bfast>Bgold>Bcash
implying any of those were forkedkys
he's highlighting that name alone isn't what makes bitcoin bitcoin.they are
BsegwitSee what I did there, pajeet?
Go back to Bitcoin Legacy you piece of shit.
Boohoo BTrash bagholding faggot.
Yes.
It wasn't clever so, yes.
flaming faggot, good luck with your bags