/biz/, how do you cope with this pure laziness?
This week ive only been to one lecture, im trying to justice myself of course that all those missed ones were useless and i had no tests.
Also, been going to sleep very late and been eating fast foot whole week.
Just feeling bad this week i dont know why.I play basketball, semi-pro, no practises, only games, had one today had one yesterday.
But still.
Cant manage to wake up early.
go to uni.
cant eat healthy.
literally just sitting by computer and eating random shit.
Too lazy to brush my teeth.. Had to get this off the chest, please /biz/, tell me its ok.
Feels like I let myself down.
what you are experiencing is freedomit will take time to adjustbut stay strong>welcome to the NEET Elite
hahah, yeah i guess.. i just hope im not alone doing this shit
A fucking nigger with a utasYeah that shit's stolen.
Good thing it's an overpriced piece of shit meme gun, but to answer your question I work.
Get a shitty fucking job.
You'll still be a lazy fuck afterward but it'll give you a reason to at least do basic shit like brush your teeth and drink heavily.
Go to Afinil express, buy modalert or modvigil with BTC.
Wait for parcel to arrive, eat 100mg each morning.
Prepare to be the most productive you have ever been in your life.
Take 2 days off out of every 7.
Repeat.
It's not okay, anon.
I skipped class twice this week and I've got assignments for tomorrow's class waiting for me while I've been lying in bed feeling like shit all week.
It's very not okay.
This is my 5th year in university for a course that's supposed to be 3 years.
If possible you should turn yourself around because there's no way that this vicious circle of failure and self doubt is in any way "okay".
I may look like I'm meme'ing right now but it's very real.
I haven't even taken a shit in 5 days because I couldn't even make myself eat more than 500 calories a day, it's just such a hassle.
It's not okay, anon.
I mean as you may know i dont know shit about it.
Its legal, r-right?
This I would love to try.
Is it like adderall?my nigga i got uni
stay strong bro, im really ashamed of myself and will try to develop better habits day by day
not a VEPR or a Saigawhat a waste of welfare money
Well ok then do you're fucking job at Uni or you'll end up like me making shit money to get fucked by your shitty job and wish every day that a tree jumps in front of your car on the way to work so you can end it all.As I said, I bet dicks for dollars that's a hot piece.
No ghetto dweller is paying retail prices for that meme gun.
Not sure about USA?
I'm in UK and it's legal here and in Europe to buy because it's a prescription medicine, but if you import personal use amounts from other countries they don't seize it.But I think people order from afinil express and duckdose to USA fine.I used to be a lazy always tired piece of shit too but this stuff really kicked off my productivity
Sounds like you're depressed - get counselling/medical help.If that's not palatable, write schedule for yourself for every day several weeks in advance and try keeping to it.
Also keep 'mood diary' which counts every possible relevant factor daily.
Ensure diet is ok (Low carb generally) and no major (ideally no at all) substance abuse (inc. alcohol).
Exercise daily.
Don't shame yourself, man.
That's what kickstarts the angst of trying again after failure.
I usually have great scheduled days, do sports pretty much everyday and study.
But there are some weeks in months were i literally get shut down..
It's not okay, you're a fucking loser.
You want neets doing the same thing as you to tell you it's fine?
Until you develop a sense of guilt about wasting your life away, you will never change.
In fact it will only get harder and harder to change.
I know that feel.
Uni is a slog.
I just force myself to go and slack off as much as possible while doing the minimum required not to fail.
Trying hard is for losers
 I just force myself to go and slack off as much as possible while doing the minimum required not to fail.
Trying hard is for losershahahaha holy shit the cope.
You have the talent, but if you really want to leave humanity behind and be the GOAT you have to put in work.
It does sound like you're depressed though, and don't have much discipline.
The good thing though is discipline is something that can be improved with practice.
Start with something small like forcing yourself to brush every morning and night.
After that make it a priority to make your bed in the morning right when you get up.
It's all about slowly introducing new positive habits in your life which end up becoming habits in themselves in that they become something automatic that you don't really think about.
The great thing about this type of self improvement is how addicting it is and how it makes you want to see how far you can better yourself.
You’ll win a championship in Boston.
You’ll win another in Miami.
The personalities on those two teams will be different, but both teams will have the same thing in common: habits.
Boring old habits.
I know you want me to let you in on some big secret to success in the NBA.
The secret is there is no secret.
It’s just boring old habits.
In every locker room you’ll ever be in, everybody will say all the right things.
Everybody says they’re willing to sacrifice whatever it takes to win a title.
But this game isn’t a movie.
It’s not about being the man in the fourth quarter.
It’s not about talk.
It’s getting in your work every single day, when nobody is watching.
Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, LeBron James, Dwyane Wade.
The men who you are going to win championships with are all going to be very different people.
What makes them champions is the boring old habits that nobody sees.
They compete to see who can be the first to get to the gym and the last to leave.
Your peers who think this is a cliché, or who think this doesn’t apply to them because they have God-given talent, will play their whole careers without winning an NBA title.
t. Ray Allen
not gonna make it
well thanks for good and bad words, this kinda help me to kill that question mark inside my head, will obviously to be better, starting off my brushing my teeth now and doing my graphics homework
contDrive comes and goes, but some things that help as cliche as they sound are week/several day long nofap runs, 8 hours of sleep at night, and healthy eating.
In the end you can't rely on drive when it comes to doing things you need to do, but little lifestyle changes do help.
thank you youre the GOAT for this....
Do what you want when you want.
Boss life, nigga.
But don't be a boring boss.