Thoughts?
Originally put in ~$100.
It's a hundred and sixty dollars.
That's what I think.
why so little?
damn you a rich nigga
So little because I'm 19, I make 11$/hr and I'm only a few weeks deep.
Should've mentioned that.
I didn't know you can own less than one penny of bitcoin
nice do you go to college?
If you only have $160 you might as well just go all-in on something.
Not like you're gonna have to sell the fucking farm if you lose, lol
>arkx No.
that link you have will be worth 200,000 in one year- average biz poster
Less ark trx and BTC.
More link.
Fuck.
I'm glad I'm in the industry I'm in.
All relative I guess.
University, Commerce
Couldn't not put in atleast a few bucks after reading the constant shills for the last month I've been on here... you never know
Go all in on Ark, it is due for a moon soon.
>Sell the top.>Buy the dip.>Then trade it's incredibly predictable swings.
>Once you are around 1k usd put 25% in BTC at least.>Day trade the restAlways lock in your gains and don't get greedy.
Ignore FOMO.
If you can make 10% a day off of $1k that's 100 a day.
In a year that is potentially $36k.
That is a entry level salary.
Obviously you can do way more than this if you take more risk.
But always DYOR.Never leave your post with your money in Alts unless you are staking.Chainlink isn't going to do anything until Q2 2018 at the earliest.
Diversify back into it later.
At least OP is being honest.Fuck everything else and go all in OMG and LTC—in particular OMG.I don't want to hear anything about shitcoins that aren't backing real businesses.
And don't be a faggot either.Lose some of those lame shits that aren't top 8.
omg is run by retards?
op, have you seen the pic where the omg pajeet pretended to be partnered with google or the one where he talked about the OMG anime girl in broken english?I'm not gonna shill you any other coin, just avoid this piece of shit
Really just have that TRX and link as lottery tickets.
I really wanna buy more ark but pay day is next Friday ......
Inb4 you get your news from twitter bagholders.If I had a dime for every faggot that's butt hurt over the roadmap, I'll be shilling bitbean for fun.If you want to pander to rhetoric and emotions, then keep holding bags.
If you want to think about the future, you know this coin will actually rise the same way that ETH did in January.
Or buy DGB.
Yeah, do that instead.
Everything there but BTC is garbage.
Does Blockfolio even accept exchange API's?
Really don't have the $ to buy a very profitable amount of BTC rn..
WELCOME
/thread
 What other coins are you thinking of adding OP?
Chainlink isn't going to do anything until Q2 2018 at the earliest.Shit I hope you're right, I should have mad money to put into it by then if my main memecoin pans out