or are we all delusional in a bubble.
it is.
is a bubble or is going to be the biggest transfer of wealth - ever.
Bubbles come in waves.
Its good to get in before the 1st wave.
Even better to hold out until the peak of the 2nd (we're about to enter wave 2) but for god sakes, do not go all in during wave 3 or be sure to pull profits before the final drop.You've been warned.
Both
...so your saying this "bubble" is going to pop at a total cap of 200b?
i dont think so.
the whole crypto market cap is less than the cap of shares in apple.
Bitcoin will moon when the big bang theory episode airs then it'll crash as we all cash out having made money off the worst fandom of all time.This is what Bitcoin was really always about, this final play.
That day will be glorious.
I can already see myself screaming bazinga over and over again as I refresh coinmarketcap
Where bitcoin is nothing more than just a shitcoin with big value, altcoins is what will change the world.XRP --> banksSYS --> companies lining up to sell on decentralized marketplaceFLO --> decentralized market for digital goodsI can go on.
This is what will have a huge impact.Bitcoin does not have an impact, its not practical for buying shit and thats all its good for.Of course altcoins is where the future lies, if anything will revolutionize the world it isnt bitcoin its altcoins.
...so your saying this "bubble" is going to pop at a total cap of 200b?Never said that, but ok?
We'll see
are you expecting trillions?
trips confirmed
NEO
This.
Bitcoin can't handle volume, its so shitty it hurts to see it being so overvalued.
The day bitcoin falls (and it must) will be the real birth of crypto
okay thats not how this works.
It pumps to 50 then drops to 2it pumps to 1000 then drops to 200it pumps to 10,000 then drops to 1,000yeas eventually we will hit the trillion dollar market cap if this shit continues to grow but dont just expect it to hit a trillion this bubble.
big bang theory episode?
did i miss something?
oh shit its real
crypto currency will always be a wealth, especially if the system is balanced and brings to its owners a steady income.
look for example at the for example Diamond (DMD) diamond-info.github.io
both
Kek.
I hate shows with laughtracks but I'm going to have to watch it
BTC is going to crash into fiat and BCH.
yes
The Bitcoin EntanglementIt's going to paint it in a bad light.Some tech-nerds in the audience are probably invested.big drop inc.
Yeah, biggest transfer of wealth from you to the whales, it’s like segwit2x never happened..Chortle
This is the 3rd big wave for BTC bud.
I hate how everyone here just says whenever they got in was the first wave.
This is number 3.
Wave 1 was when BTC first got exchanges.
Wave 2 was before the Gox hack.
This is wave 3.
You are new.
You have not been here long.
nerds>watching TBBTTBBT is the biggest normie show on TV.
But Apple is easy for anyone to use with almost no risk.
Crypto is terrible right now for consumer adoption.
All promises no products.
Imagine if all Apple had was source code and no computers or actual hardware as products.
That's where we are in crypto.
And somehow its worth 200 billion.
Please elaborate how it should be worth this much.
appeals to hipster nerds.
Buzzfeed Try Guys, for example.
Thank the pajeets for that.
crypto is an economy>apple is in an economy rly made thoughts happen
thiskek
Apple's not a currency
At least compare with a company that use or sells programs/code for a living next time...
What Big Bang Theory episode?
can't wait to take these cringy normies' money tbx lads
Implying the plot isn't going to be about them fucking up by putting all their money into Bitcoin and then pink wojacking because the price dropa by half or somethingThe jew will never ever talk positive about Bitcoin
tech nerds watching big bang theoryI doubt it
implying the jew foresaw the cancellation of the 2x fork>implying the jew wasn't planning on setting the episode during the fork and having them fuck up by losing all their savingstip-top kek.
expect "episode cancelled"
Consumers don't need to use crypto they only need to use service providers that use crypto, given time they will start using crypto themselves but total market cap can grow x50 without regular people using it
Underrated post