Doesn't it get incrementally harder for BTC to reach a new high every time?
Why do people think each increase in $1000 is some easy smooth stepping stone that is going to pass just as easy?Please don't use the shithead dumbo boy argument:>people said it wasn't going to go up in the past!
When it hit $7k it was on the news headlines everywhere.
Everytime it goes, it recieve wide coverage, attention and new people become aware of it and buy it, Yeah, really hard.
Only reason it gets harder is because people who would have wanted to buy bitcoin should have heard about it by now.
Get my point?
As opposed to ETH that doesnt have as much media coverage so the potential for people buying in if it gets more media coverage is larger.You pretty much have to live in a cave not to have heard of Bitcoin by now.
Even third worlders know about Bitcoin.
Metcalf's law says that it is going to 40K soon
I was talking to a normie recently and when I told her that I have some Bitcoin she said "really?
but it's so expesive now" I had to explain to her that it's possible to buy for example just 0.1 BTC.
People might have heard about it but they're not sure how it works yet.
I think it can still grow more.
I think the 1 BTC barrier also plays a role.
Think about it, if some crypto investors dont hold bitcoin because they cant afford 1 whole BTC (they're supposed to understand this shit) what hope do normies have?
I know a lot of crypto investors with this mindset and it will only get worse the higher BTC's price gets.
is a psychological barrier, you need to own 1, not .01 not .1so even of you do explain you can buy .0000000001 why would they buy if they can own 1
This.
At least 80% of the times I try to explain Bitcoin to normies they're always turned off by the price until I explain that you don't actually need to buy it as whole coins.
i can't buy 1000 apple shares so i won't even bother getting 10this sounds retarded
4388621I agree and that should be clarified or start talking in satoshis instead.
It sounds very strange to them
I heard about 7 years ago (did some early mining and lost my wallet), but only recently bought in because the exchanges now have some stability.
Anyone with a few brain cells will be very wary to buy any financial product from a shady supplier like Mt.
Gox.
That's why I did not buy in until they were at least somewhat accountable for their actions.
The more accountable the exchanges are, the more people will buy in.
43886214388690It really is a double-edged sword when it comes to supply like that.
Have it be low like BTC and you get impressive news runs about how your coin is worth thousands each, but it keeps the normies out because that seems too expensive because they think they need 1.
Then you increase the supply too much and nobody gives a fuck if your coin is worth $0.25 (even though maybe it was $0.02 a year before), though that is something people would feel more comfortable buying