>rich but STILL can’t get a girl to like me>downloaded a couple dating apps like plenty of fish, okcupid, tinder>got NO matches for days>I was wearing nice clothes, put in my bio I was successful and rich>finally got a match>it’s a fucking tranny>after all that work,thinking I got a match, I literally matched with a maleI hate my fucking life!
2017>not fucking trannies>are you even trying bruh
I will teach you how to pull on Tinder for some scratch Not pick up artist shit either, 2017 I just took my chlamydia pills because I can't stop going in raw shit
Just develop a trap fetish
4396602The guy is passable and if it was a girl I’d probably fuck, should I just get my dick sucked and pretend it’s a girl
no qt trap gfI hate my fucking life!
should I just get my dick sucked and pretend it’s a girlYes man, if you pretend it's a girl it's not homo.
go shoot up a church or school or something
OP if you’re actually rich and not butt fucking ugly, take pictures with you standing in front of your lambo, pool, some skyscraper view, etc... just flaunt your wealth and woman will jump on that dick.
put in my bio I was successful and richMaybe this is the problem, you are making it too obvious.
Don't say "look at me i'm rich".
Do what this guy says 
Focus in yourself.
Pretend women don't matter.
Get in shape.
Get confident.
Acquire money.
Quit trying to get the attention of a woman.
And let them try to get your attention.
Otherwise you will just end up with some fat whore who will leave you.
This is good advice thanks
pic related guy is plugged into the matrix senpai quit hatin
4396841Don't follow this advice, anon.
Even gold diggers don't think of themselves as gold diggers, so if you make it so in their face that they don't have any plausible deniability.
Take pictures of travel, stuff you do.
Don't take some picture of you sitting on a lambo--that cringe-inducing and doesn't work.
Sure, show that you're successful, but don't be obvious or it comes across as try-hard.
Just joined tinder this past weekend.Only put one picture and it's a shitty one.
Can't be bothered to take a decent one.Got 10 matches.
All are 6/10 roasties.Don't really care (I'm 39 so I have to be realistic about the pussy I try to pull).
Instead of saying "hi how are you" or some other normie meme talk, I just say completely random shit like "joke's on me".They respond anyway and start a conversation.There was one 9/10 that I matched with, my first message to her was "send me some delivery pizza".She hasn't responded yet, but hasn't deleted me either, so whatever.Another 7/10 matched with me.
My first message to her was "you shouldn't have matched with me".Then she deleted me.
I thought that was funny.Anyway, that's my tinder experience so far after 5 days.
**so if you make it so in their face that they don't have any plausible deniability you won't get as many hits as if you are slightly more subtle about it
This hasn't failed me yet.
Download the dating app Ohi.
its video so you can show people your personality.
better odds if you aren't attractive looking.
you forgot to have a nice face OP