JUST'D

It'll go back up with the new listings and Dec. news, just give it time.
ICO price was something like 8-9 USD cents so it hasn't even pumped proper yet.
Bought at 26 cents kek.
Bought at $0.28.
holding til $1.00
Not buying at fucking 0.12 centsLmao I honestly feel bad for the people who dumped their holdings just to FOMO on some other token and lose money there too, you should be accumulating even more HSTDon't stop till you have 30,000 because when this shit breaches $1 with a market cap of less than $30 million you'll be wojacking till the end of time
Bought at around 0.0008 ETH.I'm down 60% now.
I'm angry, no shit.
Because I feel the team should've went to binance instead of fucking stupid exchanges like kucoin and livecoin (I mean, this is the first time I hear livecoin).But this is the point of no return.
I will not sell at 60% loss like a dumbass pajeet.Now I will be holding these heavy bags until at least $1.
No other option.Hopefully the team recognizes this problem and start talking to binance.
It costs a lot to get onto Binance and Bittrex.
I'd rather they focus on the actual project first.
Do you think it's free to get your coin listed on a big exchange?
Have you not noticed that not every shit coin on ED has a listing on big exchanges?
They are using their money for the right things (getting customers) than spending it on pumping it by throwing it on a large exchange to make (you) happy.It's also your fault for getting in so late.
You should have got in at 0.0003 when it was shilled here the first time, then you wouldn't be complaining.
Your fault you FOMO'd in at a high
I'm aware of that.I heard that binance asks for $100k for a listing.
But that's worth it.$100k is nothing compared to the volume in binance and the potential money that could go into HST.HST is a solid project with a good idea and great team.
Chances are it will jump after getting listed on binance and it will start the fomo and the hype.Crypto is hype first and research the project later.
By getting listed on shitty exchanges, this will create a bad image for HST.People will remember HST as a shitcoin which was listed on shitty exchanges.
They are gonna be afraid to invest in HST.
theres 2 types of peoplepeople that hold until they lose all their moneypeople that hold things that will growyou are the DGB holder
Just checked the current price.
Wew - thank fuck I sold this shit days ago.
What?
Tokens are not shares.
The HST team already has the money people gave them from the ICO, the tokens they have are for future cashing out in the future.
They are not strapped for cash, the only ones that care about what exchanges it's listed on are pumpers that are looking to get a quick cash-out.
Read my answer above.>They are using their money for the right things (getting customers) than spending it on pumping it by throwing it on a large exchange to make (you) happy.Well as you can see in the telegram.
People are starting to be angry.
HST is not a shitcoin and therefore, it doesn't deserve to be listed on shitty exchanges.You gotta take the investors' opinions into account.
These people are the ones who funded the project.
They trust their money on HST and they expect HST to repay the favour (by not getting listed on stupid exchanges).>It's also your fault for getting in so lateWell I'm sorry, but my crystal ball was broken so I couldn't find out about HST sooner.Like I said, I bought at around 0.0008 ETH.
It's not even ATH, it once hit 0.0012 ETH.But sure, go blame the investors.
I have an idea: if you want them to list on bigger exchanges, how about you give them the money to do so?
It's just a small fee of $100,000, think of the gains you could make!
Sounds fucking stupid doesn't it?
It's even more stupid from their perspective because they don't get any gains.
Do you have no experience managing money?
That doesn't even make sense.>The team holds a percentage of HST.>They spend $100k of their budget to list HST on binance>Huge volume and new money pour into HST>Price of HST jumps>The tokens that the team holds now worth moreIt's a win-win situation.
The team's budget increases due to HST's high price and the investors are happy because their investment go x2, for example.
The team doesn't care about the short term price of HST.
They aren't cashing out for at least 6 months, you can ask them on telegram, they don't give a shit about the short term price or how quickly you want to get a quick pump off the coin.The last thing they care about is "investors" being unhappy that the coin is not fucking 45 dollars in, what, fucking 12 days?
Have 5k bought at 0.00054.
Should I buy the dip or wait for a further drop?
Seriously considering it.
Well atleast it's a good project wit a solid team.And I only bought 220 tokens around 22 cents.I'll buy some more once it stops going down and then I'll hold this shit for the long long long term.
Im buying more to average my cost down.
It is low right now but this is one of the most undervalued projects i know of right now.
Plus with partnership announcements coming in december I'm expecting it to pump soon
You gotta learn to see things from different perspectives.
No need to be angry like that, but I understand, you're still a teenager.Projects are about two sides: the team and the investors.
You can't start a project, get funded and then afterwards just ignore the investors' needs like that.>The last thing they care about is "investors" being unhappy that the coin is not fucking 45 dollars in, what, fucking 12 days?Again, your statement doesn't make sense.I invested in HST because I saw potential in this project and I was hoping it would stabilize at $0.30 or so, before going higher.
My most optimistic prediction was $1 by EOY.This certainly was not what I expected.
And people like you screaming around "it's ok to get listed on stupid exchanges" "investors are to blame because they jumped in too late" are giving HST bad image in public.
fuckeveryone is dumping it on kucoinI just wanted this little shit to reach 2$ end of November is it too much to ask
hmm reminds me of something
Bought at 0.001