Translation: "Progress doesn't stop.
By the time you have read this, you are already standing with Neo, on the path of world change.
3 days to something happening.
Until then, life is good".https://twitter.com/MalcolmLerider/status/931521977839505408Something big is happening
yup.
asian whale just posted this
fuck you and fuck china
Ohh shit this gon be good.
The NEO team is one of the more reliable out there in crypto and i trust they have something big.
NEO is fucking chink garbage go kill youselves
Stay poor faggots.
4415827pajeet no coiners detecteddont worry though you can always buy it when the price goes up
it's a very good sign that the retards on /biz don't understand / won't buy.
just like they didn't buy iota at 30 cents and were too busy saying it's "arabic terrorist shit" now neo is "chink shit" this is a FA signal for large upward movement.
Cooperation with LINK confirmed!!!!
What does it mean?
/Biz/ was shilling the fuck out og neo when ant and was like 5$, fuck off newfag nocoiner.
Tfw /biz/ made me rich
NEO going up again, consolidation phase is over
What about GAS?
I am putting my money there as I expect it to have and equally bullish response to this upcoming news from NEO.
Can someine explain for a brainlet please, I thought the chinks killed crypto or something
China regulates the crypto industry.If they allow a coin to operate and buy/sell by chinese people it shows very strong support by the goverment and long term value.
Gas is a very good buy right now
IF they announce new icos gas i easy 100% by tuesday
Thanks!
I bought back into GAS.
I feel like people could be missing an opportunity with GAS.
In that leaked PBC newsletter recommending GAS it said to buy up to $30 and that $100 will be a cheap price when NEO's user base reaches that of Ethereum.
That report also said that if NEO becomes a state-sponosred (China) blockchain it could easily reach $300 because it will take 22 years before the full supply of tokens reaches the market.
Guys, can you fucking imagine what will happen to the NEO prize if the news is China is back with NEO as a regulated coin?
NEO has ALWAYS stated they will stay compliant with laws.Even if the news is something else NEO price will explode in the coming period.
I got 50% of my stack in it.
That report also said that if NEO becomes a state-sponosred (China) blockchain it could easily reach $300 because it will take 22 years before the full supply of tokens reaches the market.Clarifying my post.
PBC said if NEO become a Chinese state sponsored blockchain, GAS could reach $300....
People seriously thought the Chinese were going to turn their backs on blockchain technology, the most important piece of tech since the internet and so steered clear of NEO.
Blockchain is NWO shit, every country is going to be running everything on it within a decade.
NEO happens to be inextricably linked to OnChain (same dude behind both) who are something worth looking into.
Basically theres going to be blockchain's all connected from government, corporate and public use.
NEO is the public version from what I can gather.
Its beginning to kick off, with lots of ICO's for NEO coinciding with Onchains presentation.Check this link:https://hackernoon.com/neo-onchain-and-its-ultimate-plan-dna-4c33e9b6bfaa
You're all fucked..Again don't even know what the news is and you are all buyingNEO FLIPPENING GAIZNEO IS FLIPPENING QUICKLY ABORT BITCOINCASH
read teeka's september issue and you'll understandthat smart bastard forsaw everything, he either is a genius or has some serious insider info ages ahead of others
What?
BUY NEO MONEYPAJEET WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG
what what?
english motherfucker, do you speak it?