I am emotionally unattached even though I am at a loss.
Initially i did put in around 14k$ and i am at 6k$ now.Sure...
I made some mistakes and desu.
I had the right idea about what is going on with the mark at current state and how it will be in the "close future" but I never hold long enough to make profit of it.
When I do profitable trades, it is like almost "break even" but with a little more then b4.I remember...Like the very first BCC pump that happened.
I decided to buy arround 17 BCC and I knew, (TA, "feeling" and anticipation) it would blow to stratosphere.
But what did I do?
I sold waaaaay to early.But on the other hand, when i decide to buy something and it turns out, that it is going to fall i keep holding the bags in "hope" it will go up and that it just can't be, that the price is dropping so hard.
TA, Hype, Meme's all is there to keep me holding the bags.
So what can I do -how do I have to switch my mindset to get profitable and stay profitable.I am tired of reading Topics like "I made 400k this jear from crypto - how do i spend it"Jeah, and on top of it I don't feel like I care about the drops and that it is my hard earned wagecuck money that I am losing.
If it would be someones elses money, I would freak out to lose it but it is like i don't care about my shit!?
WTF!
?What is wrong with me?TL DRI am emotionally unattached even though I am at a loss.
Initially i did put in around 14k$ and i am at 6k$ now.Jeah, and on top of it I don't feel like I care about the drops and that it is my hard earned wagecuck money that I am losing.
If it would be someones elses money, I would freak out to lose it but it is like i don't care about my shit!?
WTF!?
i too am emotionally unattachedi guess its because on a subconscious level you believe its gunna moon & you havent actually lost.
If you cashed out to fiat youd probably feel shit.
You need a plan on when to take profit, how much, and what's the lowest before you sell at a loss.
samebought two shitcoins and my 2.2k€ transformed into 800€I've started being more active during the last few weeks and have been trading alot.
I'm up to 1200€ right now, feels good man
you've got a gambling addiction, and you're addicted to the feeling of losing.
I used to be the same at casinos.. would win a shitload of cash then wouldn't leave the place til I'd lost the lot and then some.
not to mention my ETH buy at 9$ and I sold it after lilke 1 month of holding time for almost not even 10$.
I had around 200 ETH... =(
You haven't lost anything you were using.
I think my goal is to have more money.Sure trading and other stuff is gambling but how the fuck am I addicted to losing?
What might be the root problem that I have?
How can I surpass this shit?
nice gains
like -Take profit at 10% and stop loss at 10%?Dont think, that its going to work or i have to set the profits higher.
That would legitimately make me kill myself.Don't all out on a small profit if you're investing.
That's for daytrading.
Invest, wait, and sell.
Make a plan at which high will you sell it, and never do it under.
Basically what this anon  is saying.
keep doing your current thing, it seems to work!
;)
Probably just a mild depression OP
OP here.Here is my blockfolio development.
buy high sell low its the biz way
wise guy...seems like you figgured out how it works!
started in june with the same amount, lost some money in the steep drops in sept, lost some more in one of cryptoniggers icos, the only time i made serious gains were PnDs on shitcoins that i happened to get in early on.
Which is a bit disheartning since i spent so many hours pouring over whitepapers and researching different coins all for hardly any reward.thing is though, i dont even care that i have lost money.
If my coin is down i wont ever sell it at a loss i will just keep it.
As a result have so many small amounts of coins that i either have lost money on, or i think is a cool idea and atleast want to have a small part invested in it on the offchance they do go up
What is wrong with me?Nothing, really; you're ideally suited for crypto.
sounds like you like that because i might be the one you make profits on -right?!
hmm I remember, I also had a time of chasing PND but i never made it fast enough.
Still I don't know how ppl were able to make profit of it as you got to be as fast as lightning.I ened up with around 5% loss with every pnd that i wanted to get in.Same applies for the rule to keep the coins.I can hear a lot of people now but I bought LINK at ,40$ ea.
pretty much ATH and now I am stuck with that.
But here is the perfect example of me holding something that seems like a diamond in the future.
Since I made the mistake with ETH once I told myself to not repeat that and keep LINK in my portfolio.
It really depends... Im a swing trader so I don't care as much on the daily movements.
I accept that the share I bought will go down, but I hold and it eventually goes up my way.
That being said, I'm perfectly happy with a 2-10% gain.
And by stop loss I mean something big like 80-100% devaluation.
If you're steel hands during a dip, this shouldn't be a problem..I really think it's easier buying a good coin (high volume, volatile enough) at a dip and waiting for the trend to reverse.
This can take days to months so patience and discipline is required.
they were mainly forks off the big two that started mooning for no reason.
Being the idiot that i am i believed all the bs in their whitepaper and had put money in them believing that the projects were genuine.
Link i was always skeptical about, and the constant shilling here during the ico made me even more skeptical.
So i only bought link when it was trading at its absolute lowest and as a result i would be up if i would sell link right now.
Maybe that is the key, just have no attachments to coins that you buy and be tidy with your 15-20% gains and move on to a different one
I hope you are sucessfull with that!But afaik stop loss should trigger waaaay faster.
What you are doing is not healthy that way -IMHO
It's aight OP I was the same way.
I invested 45k in June out of fomo.
Immediately lost 60% in the july bear market.
Learned from my mistakes and I'm at 150k now