What is I told you I turned $50 into $6,600 just by uploading original music to Tunecore and sending a couple of messages on social media?
Why don't more people find talented artists and pay for promotion and watch the streaming revenue pour in???
The lifestyle is great and the groupies are cool too
I'll bite with the shilling: what exactly are you doing?
You find artists, upload their music and then share the revenue when it gets used or something?
Shit man that's almost $7,000 you must have a fuckload of groupies
Spend the money of social media promotion, and take a designated percentage of the streaming royalties.
Getting a song to 1 million music streams pays out to about $5000, and it's easy to get to a million streams when the song is good and a popular genre (pop/trap/hip hop/R&B)
Are you screwing with people?
If its your own voice and music then good, otherwise btc speculation is much ethical
Is it your own music or from some artist?
Where did you spend your money, to add it to the service or ads on social media.
That's over a million streams, and having just 4-5 girls who want to fuck you because you're rolling with an upcoming star isn't bad especially since I'm not the one who has to dance on stage and sing.btw that's JUST streaming revenues, not including making $1k-2k per show and not even performing
an R&B / hip-hop artist I met through mutual friends.
I pay popular Twitter & Instagram accounts with hundreds of thousands of followers to share the music and the streams just shoot up by the hundreds of thousands
good music sells itself, you don't even have to beg anybody to listen to it.
Just pay popular online "cool kids" to co-sign the song.
That's how Lil Yachty & Lil Uzi Vert made it (if you aren't familiar, 2 rappers with top 10 billboard hits this year)
Hey OP, i'm an electronic music producer and I wanna get in on this.
What do
I see my bad op i'm an idiot, anyway nice to see that you risk the promotion and it payed off
if you don't know any talented singers, find a very talented one by searching social media (Twitter & Instagram), and if you invest maybe $500 in the right promotion, the song can go viral enough to make back $10k.
It all really depends on how good the song is and how polarizing the artist is
I pretty much do the same thing.
I pay bloggers to talk about my website.Its one of those things nobody talks about but everyone does.
Does look matter, what if you get susan fucking boyle?
What kind of music artist is Best to invest in at the moment?
It seems like everyone is into that shitty trap and mumble rap.
What if the song is a complete bust and gains no revenue?
well Susan Boyle was still polarizing in every sense of the word, her bizarre looks actually drew people MORE into her music because they were so amused
I see thats like getting aroused on furries or lolis
Oh yes promotion is in every industry, but streaming revenue pays quite a bit better than maybe ad revenue or even YouTube monetization in my experience.
It's putting outdated record labels that were once multi-million dollar companies into complete bankruptcy because they're stuck in the CD / album format and refuse to adapt to the streaming industry.I would say R&B, mumble rap, and of course pop and going to still dominate in 2018.
The artist I work with are sex symbols, a lot like Miguel, R Kelly, or Trey Songz
Streamign is also different because even if the person HAPPENS to not like the song, you stil get paid once they listen to at least 30 seconds on Spotify or Apple Music or Google Play.
But that's why I emphasize to find a GOOD artist with an already solid following