Powr looks to be on the verge of a breakout if it can reach ~8400 sats.
If the rumoured announcement of business relations with Thailand get posted there should be enough tailwind to see this happen with a pump to around the 10,000- 11,000 sats range I predict.
The timing is also ideal with it being evening in Australia, which has corresponded to the 6 hour periods with the most significant positive price action over the last 3 days.
Looking at your own charts, these periods would be what it is now to 5/6 hours later.Where would be a good exit point if this does come into play?
Happy to hear counter arguments to this reasoning
please source me the thailand rumor.
Google power ledger Thailand.
There's and article about that German power Dev in talks with Thailand.
And last week they said some reps from there were going to Perth.
It's confirmed that he's in talk with india?https://twitter.com/PowerLedger_io
From the AMA on the 14th of November:Q: I live in Thailand.
Do you have plan to setup here?A: We have a Thai power company visiting us in Perth next week!https://medium.com/power-ledger/power-ledger-founders-ama-transcript-9b147521de4dI've heard rumours about a potential announcement today but don't remember exactly where from, could be a few days off though
There was a tweet of someone attending the conference where it was confirmed they have a contract, we're just waiting on the official announcement now.
There's a screen of the tweet somewhere
with a little more bull volume this thing can go to 10 easily tonight
POWR on the ground in India as we speak
Yeah true, volume does seem to be lacking at the moment.
Will need to pick up to break through the sell walls
I sold all mine, buying the dip, not being a marine noob.
This TA indicator may be useful sometimes, but it seems the general sentiment towards powr by the majority of the community is positive and that it's on the rise.
It seems risky to take a short position on something that will likely rise in the short term.
You'll end up losing money a greater proportion of the time when betting against coins you believe in.
Guess we'll see who's right soon though