can this go up too
The second this project goes into action and is being used it will create the largest amount of FOMO we have ever witnessed
4269566In time it will obviate PCs for certain uses.
RLC is another foundational.
No one shills futurecoins here
This, obviously.
Plz be real I have many.
Looking like Q1 2018.
Think about it man.
If Golem gets a worldwide computer running and it makes financial sense we will be sitting on tokens that will have more FOMO fueling them than when Ethereum went on Coinbase.....

No.
decentralized super-computing is nothing new and certainly not something you need to sell a coin for.
Yes but if there were incentives to participate in that system, it would bring more users in and increase the utility of that computer by orders of magnitude.
Having access to such a computer would be worth the however-many tokens it costs.
42712404269560Guys for the sake of god, look up the head team of this cryptocurrency.
they are a bunch of phd's, if this coin is not outstanding, no one is.
accumulate as long as you can, sooner or later we will all benefit from this great project.
get rid of your golem tokens, they have not held a single fucking deadline, let alone they are able to proceed a god damn live stream properly.
the team of iexec/rlc is able to at least hold their deadlines, which is in my opinion already a great achivement in this time of pump and dump get rich quick bullshit 'companies'.Golem is like 5 months behind on its first promised release.
I've been holding this fucking garbage since April.
Thinking about dumping it and buying into Nexus (NXS).
What say you, /biz/?
Yay or nay?
Wat?
Buy RLC
Got a take-profit target in mind?
I have 2,000 coins, is it even worth it for me to keep holding?
How much do think 2,000 worth can get me in USD value?
>they are a bunch of phd's, if this coin is not outstanding, no one is
Golem is crap "folding at home" type crap is all it's good for, useless.
iExec is the real deal, working product.. 15yrs in the making, just out of stealth, team of PHDs, recent study shows they are 5yrs ahead of everyone.
Their code is already used in major grid computing systems.
those is the know have already accumulated but it's not too late.
Will be well over $150 in the future.
This
anons better hurry
I'm not against the idea of buying back into RLC (I used to hold some), but like its cousin Golem, its been a flat rage-bound coin for almost all year with the exception of the big early summer alt-coin rally.
I'm now considering it though.
Gonna wait for the small dip and see whats up.
Alt coins pumped today.
Just fomo'd into this
Me2 bro, we gonna make it?
Let's just say the smart money is in this.
Most have not bought in because they can't comprehend the significance of it.
It takes a certain level of tech aptitude to understand what these guys have pulled off and how it is going to change the cloud computing space.
Mcap on this will be many billions.
iexec is progressing better than golem
Funnily enough I have confidence in this because I understand the tech but the big money financial/banking coins I just fail to comprehend.It's not just what it represents, it's their approach to resolving real issues that will allow for high level adoption.
The Qubes OS collaboration is vastly underrated.
Fuck this shit, there are so many coins are so promising and you only have a limited amount to buy them, plus you can't over-diversify since the margins will be terrible so you can only invest in ~5 coins out of thousands of them.
4273538Whoops, I thought you where talking about Golem
The struggle
Have you tried saying a prayer to the omnissiah?
sorry was talking about RLC, to clarify
I’m holding a shitload of rlc and I’m excited af.
If u look at the top 100 coins on cm how many can u say realistically have a shot at x3 in the short term.
A 3 bagger would still have us below golem.
A good investment wouldn’t you say?