>silver coin has a higher value than its weight in silverAre you trying to trick me again /biz/ ?Why should I buy this meme coin to """"secure""" my assets
1200 oz of silver reporting in
gold has more value than silver due to industrial demand, which silver has very littlealso, retail value of a pressed coin is always going to be more, the point is to hold it for 10 years in the hope you will break even
retail value of a pressed coin is always going to be moreIsn't that kind of... retarded ?
gold has more value than silver due to industrial demand, which silver has very littleThis is objectively backwards.
Gold/Silver haven't moved dramatically as the people who would be inerested in buying it as opposed to saving fiat have been buying crypto.
I see it as a fallback in case the economy goes down the toilet.
Crypto is a power grid failure from being nothing itself.
In a worst case scenerio Silver will always be worth something.
I see it as a fallbackOkMy point is>silver coin pressed 40>costs 100 to buy>really worths 30 in silverWhat is this scam ?
Why should I pay more than its value in silver ?
YOu know what?
Maybe there will be an apocalypse, maybe not.
I'm going to bet everything I have against the apocolpyse.
You do you though.
4440655Collector's coins have value based partly on their limited quantity.If the silver spot price rises enough that it's worth more to melt the coin for the silver, some do that and thereby increase the value of the n-1 remaining mintage.This of course disregards "face value" bullion coins that are occasionally minted - those have their own advantages to owners.
Ok, nevermind I just found a coin that is actually sold for its same value in silver weight.Fuck those meme coins tho
Everything you just said is wrong.
numismatic silver is easier to make a profit from if you're smart.
requires some of the same smarts as crypto.
get the good coins with low populations before the masses know about them.
silver bullion for stacking is not an investment.
it's really just common sense to own some given how important silver is for our daily lives and we have no idea where we might be in 5-10 years with such a precious supply that everyone knows is laughably cheap vs everything else