When moon?
Before ICO end
that was it... breaking above ICO was the moon.every1 had a chance to get out without a loss
when ranjeet has enough rupiah for curry
I think you might be right
HOPEFULLY SOON.
bsRequest Colossus: Q4 2017- Token Launch- First version of Request working with Ethereum on Test Net- Proof of concept : Request Core working with a Bitcoin Oracle- Release of the API to create, read and update Requests- Release of the technical papers discussing architecture, upgrades, and accounting implementation details
You faggots better not of lied to me.
But senpai, i am holding so long now and it only bleeds
hold until they release PoC and test net
anyone who sells before at least .20 cens is a weak handed faggot
We Moon Q1 2018 be fucking patient you idiots
4356953Only 0,2 cents in Q1?
Not really worth this hodl
I bought below ico so X5 without any real product would be sweet
you misunderstood me, we are mooning past .2, but i would undeerstand if that is where ppl began to take profits
x5 is not worth itbabby still stuck in crypto spring mode?
the days of every coin doing an instant x20 are long gone, buddy.
That wouldn't even be a x3 when you Invested in the ICO, but what is mathe.>What is Confido?
You missed this moon mission?
Sorry buddy.What's your price prediction for Q1 2018 peak?
Never invest in an ICO that has a market cap greater than 5 million.
I bought REQ under ICO price, for me .20 cents would be x4.
But anyways, the peak in Q1 will be ~.35 and by mid-late Q2 we will be at ~.50, which is where I will begin to sell.
I will keep most of my stack though.
yeah, confido was a big surprise...really sad i missed out on that one.
i was even whitelisted for the ico, but i didn't read about the extremely low hard cap, so i passed.
>after you sell
only idiots will sell now.
the team posts regular fortnightly updates that brings in new holders with a long term view.
when the only news is good news the only way to go is up
The last update was amazing and only bullish Flags --> result was even lower price than before, nobody cares about Tech / Team or anything like that.
We need some hyped stickers on skateboards
The cream will rise to the top.
OMG and other vapourware scam coins are in a bubble.
Holders of the real investments will be rewarded.
Made nearly x12 from my original investment of OMG.
Not sure if I understand your logic.
Well done you rode the hype of a scam coin.
But you cant hold a scam coin because it will go to 0.
Holding solid projects like req is a real investment.
omg moons from cents to $12>won't be rewardedare you retarded?
I have 400k REQ and only want to buy more srs.I'm slowly starting to want to sell more and more shit to accumulate while I still can.
Only about 6 weeks left before it goes at least 3x or so i'd say.
My goal is 1 million REQ tokens.
By then if it goes to 20 cents, i'll have like 200k.
Not everyone bought in at OMG ICO, it was really hard to get into.
Imagine the people who bought at ATH lol.
You missed the point dickhead
tfw have 100k req but also want 200k.
I'll have to sell my Ethers : O
: O
easy 2MM REQ holder
tfw only 180k reqlet
offucking pajeets use better english
Pajeets are ruining this coin.
>RIP
Shut up and let me accumate