>Tell people that NULS hit the resistance at $1 at its 40 million marketcap and will consolodate around 70 cents>As usual their delusional retards and don't listen>They don't sell or take profits>Go sleep after selling some>Wake up to see NULS drop to 69 centsThey never listen to my advice, why do I try anymore?
give post ID no prove it faggot
If you're so smart, tell us what will happen next.
thinking TA can predict anything with so little trading history and such high volatility kekLook at the people behind Nuls if you want to know where it's going.
TAI don't draw lines, $1 is the mental point of selling, if you was there, there was massive sells done around that point.
Also many new coins that run up usually hit around 40milion MC and come back down after their run up.
Maybe you're just too dumb to see it I guess.
What will happen next is I'm already in Request and it'll do a nice run up and I'll make good profit yet again, Also I was that guy last month that told you guys to invest in Komodo since it'll rally to about $3 up until the 10th of NOV, my threads was empty
Never thought I'd say this but maybe start using a trip?
For all the good advice on here there's an absolute ocean of dog shit.
Becoming figure head on 4chin anonymous image board and getting filtered out because of trips
Alright what's your solution then?
pick out the good threads from the bad ones
I don't have any idea what is this shitcoin is but I bought some around 12.7k satoshis.
Will I be okay?
I already put sell order around 12.7k
yeah I'd say it'd go back up there
it rebounds right now, it got so much attention the past days, nownormie money will flow into it and will bring it up to a marketcap of 200 million
thank fuck, i am sick to death of hearing about this coin today
becoming this affected by what some people on a Mongolian basket weaving forum say
i open up the catalog, wait maybe 10 minutes and there is already another 4 threads about.
how hard is it to consolidate this shit into a general or something