BREAKING NEWS.
HOLY FUCK, as most of you are aware the confido coin has almost dropped to 0 in value after a legal battle with a lawyer who is on the confido team.
The team is taking next steps to sue to the lawyer after receiving bad legal advice.
It was just brought to the confido telegram chat that the lawyer in question is Pravik Pajeet, and apparently he was the CEO from Obsidian who orchestrated a mass sell-off/dump back in October before disappearing.
Pic related, taken from the Obsidian team site.
What the fuck is going on here?
Fucking Pravik, is there any coin he won't shit on?
I told you to buy Chancoin!!!!
+108% today!!!
why do people even bother to fud some 6 million dollar coin that launched a few months agoits still 2x from its ico price in terms of fiat, you literally couldn't have lost money on it unless you were a fucking retard and bought the peak like people did with CFD
Ive lost fucking 5 grand I want to KMS.
How do we find this lawyers contact info?
What is this?
A picture for ANTS?
hahaha.
Are you on drugs?
lmao fucking pajeet
Nice thumbnail, retard.
Is this a joke???
Pravik Pajeet???
PAJEET???
>trusting any team with a literal pajeet on it
Pajeet
4454254Yeah it's retarded.
I thought the project sounded cool until I realized they hired a guy named Pajeet
I want to sue the lawyer and the team
like most altcoins it was a scam you dipshitStick to BTC, LTC, ETH
Nope not fake .
Go to their Twitter
FUCKING PAJEETS I SWEAR
You'd win in a heartbeat-gross negligence, didn't fail to screen an employee with the literal name pajeet
Oh ho ho my dears.
this is a fine coin and a fine investments.
Espers + Obsidian + Condido = the genie of wealth.
Fake lawsuit exit scam.
Great.
Did you guys like the pictures of poop I posted on Telegram?
legal battle with a lawyer who is on the confido team.You actually believe that?That's pure fiction.
These guys liquidated their stack of coins and announced it today using that as concealment.They're already gone, your ETH and BTC are already on distant wallets and the fake names these used on the website mean nothing.Goodbye, well played Confidofags.I want to launch my own ICO scam, collect 1000 Bitcoins and disappear.
It's my plan.
Why don't you call your lawyer or bank so that they can laugh at you for how goddamn stupid and foolish you hahah ahahaha are omg i cna't even finish typing this lolo lol without laughing my ass off hahahahahah
pajeetEVERY TIME
I cant see a pajeethttps://obsidianplatform.com/
They removed him from the website after he dumped hard in October.
There was a leaked e-mail that came out too
streetcoin
no, they fired this rodrigues guy who is now in poswhttps://posw.io/pajeet was a pure biz meme
Does anyone have any proof about the ODN connection here other than a potato quality screencap that's probably shopped?
Believe me, if it's true, I'd love to know.
Hit me with something more convincing.
A quick look at the wayback machine caps of Obsidian's website does not confirm
there is nothing but a poor biz meme
doesnt provide a linkLazy faggot
AYYYYYYY LMAO holy shit nice and fast way to lose your money .. good luck to the people that bought at 1 $ thank god i didnt FOMO'ed.It's all ok guys just buy the dip
I am not a meme.
WARNING!
DANGER!
LITERAL PAJEET SCAM COIN!
DO NOT BUY!
this sir is speak true
Hallo Sirs!Me and my friend here buy confindo best cioun!
Fucking Pravik, is there any coin he won't shit on?LINK
those hats make them look so richIts like when I see dog face Americans with cowboy hats
 grand is nothing, you'll recover