Honestly you guys deserve the losses that are coming to you, especially if having lost once isn't enough.
Enjoy your floppening shit show.
BTC has its issues, but BCH is just a linearly scaled version of BTC and if you don't understand that, you deserve to lose your money.
BTC's value drop 30%.
If you haven't sold when it was at $7000 to 7500 range in the past week, you're retarded.
Nobody is buying for lower than $5000.
It stays pretty much set in stone, didn't change for the last 24h.
Nobody believes it's going to fall lower than $5000, also multiple sources mention the $4900 support.
BTC will do fine.
Hey Roger, How's it going?
ONE MILLION TOTAL SUPPLY!!
Poloniex holds the Bitcoin Plus development wallet which sits at 14,000 shares and stakes 20% yearly until 2030 or so.
They aren't de-listing Bitcoin Plus anytime soon.
Bittrex and other exchanges will follow suit and add Bitcoin Plus probably next year.
When the $$$ make sense they all follow suit.Bitcoin Plus is following the same pattern and path that Bitcoin did early on.
1-2 years from now there will be people on here posting how they wish they would have bought this at $50 each...now it's $10,000 each.
There are now 10+ Digital Currencies with a billion dollar marketcap and I would gamble that Bitcoin Plus will be another billion dollar plus marketcap coin in 2 years.
You have massive amounts of development taking place in this coin that we would have only dreamed of a year ago like SegWit, major Dev, and a 100 more things.
And the developments are just getting startedBitcoin Plus is no joke.
This one is as real as it gets.
And the knuckleheads that come on here and post Scam Coin are as dumb as it gets.
Every coin has those people.
Bitcoin has had them forever.When Hedge Funds start eating Bitcoin Plus it will be a new adventure like we've never seen before.
And they are coming.
Finally someone with some brains on biz, everyone here just seem to be following greedy Chinese miners and Ver blindly, good job making them bilionares, if BCC had a chance to surpass BTC, ETH and LTC would have done it ages ago, but guess who is the boss.