Been investing since late August, started with $800, got up to $1200 then down to $300 as I'm typing this.
Not that worried since I have recovered from $300 to my starting amount twice before but the thing is in the long run I'm not making any profit.
For example, most people would be at $1200 then $1500 then $2000 then $5000 then $10000, etc.But nooooooo for me its just been a wild fucking roller coaster ride the past 3 months.
WHY CANT I JUST MAKE PROFIT???
Just hold.
Seriously, it's not that hard.
Post your portfolioI bet it's a shitstorm of meme coinsJust buy bitcoin
Its just the fucking etherdelta PnDs can make me so much money, I'm just not doing it correctly.SOMEONE MENTOR ME!
Are you chasing pumps?
you buy the wrong coins and day trade improperly (if you even do)
Yes and no, Ive learned to create my own pumps but the problem I always seem to run into is that I never sell in time and I just end up lower than I was.
Let me guess>"BUY BCH ITS 2500$!!
">Better go all in :D>"BUY CHAINLINK THE NEXT BTC!!
">better go all in :D
went from $500 to $1200 to $200 to $1500 back to $200 to $2500 to $1500 to $3400 and currently at $2800 over the course of 6 months fuck this game.
Ding dongWhat you're doing incorrectly is buying pump & dumps.
They are designed to take your money.
Don't be a mark.Also a terrible idea.
You can't swing the market with $300.
It's like trying to stop a wave with your hands in the ocean.
BumpI'm holding but also would like to learn day trading.
Story of my crypto life
maybe you flip too much.
dont buy the hype.
if you are not good at trading you might just buy and hold.
if you can afford it - put small money every month into the big guys (BTC/ETH/MONERO)you can also take a small portion of that money and put it in more riskier investments like OMG/LINK/REQ/ and what not.
and then just hold.
The only, only way to reliably make in crypto is to find an undervalued coin, invest, set your stop loss at 10%, and set your target sell price.
Then wait.You can never chase a pump if you want to stay profitable.Sometimes, you can join a multi-day or multi-week rise like how Bitcoin gained for a month, but there is a lot more competition now for altcoins, so they don't moon as hard or as long anymore.
So what should I do?
I'm currently holding https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETH Do I sell at a loss?
Wait?
Or what?
I think Astro is an undervalued coin desu but im probably so wrong
anon move on, once you made profit sell and go for another coin.
If you want to day trade go for a coin and put low buy order and high sell order once it's filled do the same
That's beyond my pay grade
he's right on chainlink though
what?
its a simple question.
funnel what you can into promising cryptos.hold.repeat for a few years.reap profits.dont chase pump and dumps.
let them come to you if you get lucky on some shitcoin.consider everything you put in lost.stop buying shit you dont need and throw it in crypto.eventually you win.
4355180but what should I do now?
Sell this shitcoin im holding?
consider it lost and hold.hold for about 2 years.dont bother looking for a exit unless you happen to see a pump happen.put your mind at ease and dont watch the market for a few weeks here and there.invest in something else move on.
wait.
hodl.
git gud.
simple.
stop buying high and selling low.
If you experience such large draw-downs, you do not do any risk management *at all*.
Let's say you bought a token on ED a couple of days ago and they went up 100%.
Did you sell 25 - 50%?
of your position?
No, you hoped it would do another 300%.
And then it went down again.Look up each and every ICO coin of the last 6m - DNT, ZRX, GNT, PPT...
They all had a short spike where guys like me sold and you bought.It's not that hard - pick one of the new ED coins, see if it goes up.
If it does, pounce and once it reaches 50 - 100%, sell one part of your coins.
Next 100%, sell again a part, so you have all your principal back.
Let the rest run, even if it goes down, most coins will go back and higher later.Went from $10K to $50K like that.
You're suffering from FOMO and FUD I suspect.
Ignore the hype and pumps.
If you're gonna day trade, just wait for a dip, buy, set a stop loss of 10% and a take profit of X%.
And stop going all in.
Well try doing this next thxWhat do you mean by pounce and how do I choose which coin to pick when they list a bunch of new ones?
I'm a CFD newfag and i've noticed that holding is the best thing to do, i invested in germany 30 topkek and it went down by 60%, instead of panicking and selling i've holded out and it got back to 30%.Hoping for a comeback, i can't really do much unless i put more money from the bank on the broker.
in the long run monthsgunna need more patience than that.
and in such volatile markets you have to expect an extreme variance.
this
>Spend hours researching coins that I thought had massive potential and upcoming news, token-burn, etc.>chose BAT & FUN>Go in on BAT when I think it looks low a few weeks before Mercury.>Go in on FUN hard before Token Burn and Binance comp.JUST fuck my shit up & fuck this retarded market.
Good projects get the shaft while some chink scamcoin blows the fuck up.
I really should just go down to the casino and put it all on red.
Fun is launching beta versions of its platform in December.
Hold onto them anon.
faggot different amounts of money mean different strategies, with 800$ just ride the fomo and dont try to moon mission learn when to pull the fucking chute before the moon mission explodes slowly build up capital
This.
Massively.
Moving your money too much.
Generally takes  months for a solid coin to bloom properly.
stop picking shitcoins, go all in good icos>start with 5k late august>now 21k>only bear market till now
You joined during a bear market.If you would have joined mars that would be 20x
I have been buying every new dip that has come along.
I'm at 100k FUN now.
In NULS and HST too, so if either do get a good pump in them I might even try to bump that up to 250k.
Haha holy shit dude, just wait until it gets on Poloniex.
You're impatience will lose you your money otherwise.
I'm only at 10k FUN, might try to acquire a little more before the platform launches.
I think it is a solid ERC20 token that provides not only a service, but also fixes problems with online gambling.
I think it is worth while for sure.
I might be taking a thorough JUSTing, but no one can ever say I didn't have FUN!
Don't worry anonWe will be the ones laughing when we /make it/
Going to have to start work on some decent gloating memes i suppose.
Don't just hold, especially if you bought in during a pump.
Cut losses asap (eg.
if the Hype cycle is in decline), never ride the train all the way down
RISK MANAGEMENT.If you're down 10% you need to make 11% to get back.
The more you're down, the more you need to make up... 50% down = 100% profit neededSTOP HOLDING
I know your problem, you're fucking stupid.