Don't miss the bus on this one.
Start accumulating before it's too late, shit's going to fucking Mars.
China going to be opening the gates on bitcoin again soon and this is the first place money will be flowing.Bonus Round: Tiny marketcap.https://bittox.com/2017/11/20/district0x-decentralized-marketplaces/
Some insiders confirm this as well lol
Wow thanks.
Will their telegram release the new pbc too?
I'm buying DNT now thanks
currently dumping
Skeptical, but I was skeptical on powr too when it was 3k sats :(
Buy the fucking dip
yeah i was too.
im just going to buy all of the foking rumors because im sure one of the m will be true/pump
Also heard about some Palm Beach associations, I really hope so!
Everything they touch pumps.
That's what I said
its moving, been crazy cheap for ages, fuuuck
I missed powr, SLR and civic.
Can this train wait for me?
Anything below 1000 sats is easy game.
At 26m marketcap this could go to 5000 easy
You know, this is the first rumor I heard about being the pbc.
And I'm pretty sure this might be true.
Dyor faggots and dump some change here.
Bump
insider info, believe me or not, the market cap is going to triple in the coming days
Why should we believe you anon?
I just saw it here.
(PBC leak group)@ConfidentialMatrix on Telegram is the group handle
U will miss out on this dirt cheap valuation later :)
RUMORDistrict0x (DNT)Technology: Decentralized MarketplaceBittrex Listed: YesUpcoming news:Prepared for Chinese adoptionUpdates to Name BazaarNew districts reducing DNT supplyRevolutionary model of commerceDoes it fulfill Teeka’s BITS system:B (Business Value Ratio): UndervaluedI (Insiders): Chinese partnership rumorsT (Technicals): RSI is slightly oversoldS (Social Media): Waiting on marketplace adoptionProbability as PBC coin: HighRecommendation: Buy
Please provide me with something other than oneliners.
Check above.
DNT already hit its bottom 2 days ago.
It might pump, but I see it rising gradually through the end of the year.
Where can I buy this shitcoin?
Bittrex??
Bittrex?
?Um, yeah?
Did you even look you faggot?
It is DNT you faggots
Holy shit, it's finally on Bittrex.
Thank you!
cuz i want to help my biztards make it
Was shilled hard here in August....pumped and dumped.
This is the second round for those who are new here?
I can confirm that this coin is looking to make huge moves.
HUGE moves.This is gonna be Teeka's pick.The other coins are too pumped already for him to send the boomers their way.This thing has insane room for growth.
i'm still fucking bagholding from the last anime-chan pump and dump
careful faggots, I just bought in and every time I buy low it keeps going lower...you've been warned/bizzed
I can confirm that this coin is looking to make huge moves.
HUGE moves.>This is gonna be Teeka's pick.>The other coins are too pumped already for him to send the boomers their way.>This thing has insane room for growth.Good point.
Bought,Drops instant, wtf brosource that its gona pump?
wrong thread ...
Happy to miss the short bus on this one
good coin, undervalued, tiny marketcap.
pick or no pick, it's a decent gamble.
Volume is building, and look at the whale accumulation leading up to today.
Big things coming.
it's stabilizing before the jump....look at that accumulation.
look at the volume.
Group pumping in 5 minhttps://discord.gg/5WnGph
looking really strong now
ya im kicking myself too on not buying powr.
I was so close to buying it too.
Im bought big bags on this one
When to buy and when to sell?
Are we looking at a pump towards 5k+?
just bought 20k......I'm not gonna miss this moon mission!!!
k here.
Good project.
Chinese VC advisors.
Small cap.
Hype.
Volume spike.Easy profit.Thanks /biz for the heads up about the PBC rumor.
Listen OP, you are shilling too hard.
It is plain to see that you are writing 90% of the replies in this thread/other threads
DNT is the worstAVOID if you like your money
stay poor dude.