For the last month, I predicted the Bitcoin Dip Buys with 100% accuracy.
I told you minutes before the runup to the ATH began.
I also made a thread on here yesterday, and warned you about last nights bull traps.
I told you to be careful in BCH, and to bail immediately on BTC.
But you all flung you poo at me like monkeys in a zoo.
Thinking seriously about going back to using my inside information strictly in my own interest without telling any of you.
There are a couple of you who are mature, but many of you are literally disrespectful children.
Would you like to know what happens next?
Or should I "piss off"?
The exact opposite happened faggot, it was BTC that took a dump meanwhile there's still a run on its retarded cousin.
BCH tops 1k relatively soonBTC heading to sub 6k pricesBTG miraculously pulling another +50% tomorrow
uheasuheauhuhae
Yes, but the bull trap I predicted in BCH happened.
It may recover, but it happened.
but many of you are literally disrespectful children.
Would you like to know what happens next?
Or should I "piss off"?You're the one back here for attention and validation, so I'm sure you'll "bless" us with your prediction anyways.
What happens next?
I want to turn $2000 into $2400 by Christmas with minimal risk.
That was not a bulltrap friend that was a beartrap.
I made a correct guess and now I can call yall shit flinging monkeys.
Oh my!
Looks like BTC is climbing, and BCH is tanking.
This... please tell anon
Stay in fiat.If you see uptrend for 24 hours, buy the dip.
Steeper the dip, fatter the profit.As soon as you hit 2400, exit.
Don't get greedy.
Sorry.
I'm feeling petulantly recalcitrant this Morning.
Let me have my Old Man coffee, look at some charts, make some calls, and think it over.
I may get back with you, I may not.
Oh my.
Someone with a Brain.
4285070Jesus Christ, just fuck off straight why don't you.You're not the Nostradamus you think you are.
You spotted a pattern like all traders do everyday and you weren't even sure about your prediction last time.So stop acting like you're hot shit.
broken clock still right twice a day dumbass
Just buy BCH and hodl.
With more risk you could wait for BTG to hit a support level and then go all in at binance..
Don't talk to me until I've had my coffee™!
Everything is a Pattern.
Abstract Reasoning Rules All.
Human patterns are the most predictable Patterns of all.
a BrainNice capitalization, sBart guy
Oh my, someone without a brain.
So, this thread is now "entertain The Old Man at coffee with YOUR predictions."
4284906Here's my prediction:The pump is fake, it will not hold.
It went up too high, too fast.
The downtrend was way too strong today to break so easily.We might touch 6600, before climbing back up for new ATH.If pump does continue tomorrow, then sell and run because its a dead cat bounce.
Personally I dont think its a dead cat, because the drop wasn't steep enough.
I will let you have your say, and not be disrespectful nor impolite.
Apologies for the "Without a brain" comment.
That was immature.
Interesting.
Well thought out.
humans are notoriously bad at creating entropyits like free money, lol
btw pay no attention to B2X fork.
It is hot air.
No support, no miners, just a buncha punks.
It will have no effect on pricing on Nov 15 while B2X will crash upon arrival.
Has anyone noticed when BTC goes up, BCH goes down, and vice versa!
Someone is playing "Frogger".
Follow his lead and you can make some substantial gains.
Would you care to know what the Mil Intel Community knows about B2X?
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Do opposite of what 4chan says.Everyone here is shilling their own bagheld shit coins.Trust only real analysts and your own judgement.
Ah yes.
The headlong rush towards maximum Utopian entropy, and the Human struggle against it.
Looking like a dead cat bounce in BTC.
Sold at $7800, and looking to buy back, but I'm not buying in to that.
lol did you read what I said: the fake pump is falling apart, the whales have cashed out
What brand of Old Man coffee should I drink?
Does it taste better if I keep it in a Thermos?
Sold at $7800lol please don't give us trading advice.
Its embarrassing.
Spot on, Chap.
Good work, Lad.
This - congratulations, op.
Start predicting prices and maybe I'll listen next time.
is there a young man coffee?
Knew that would get a rise out of someone.
I put on a Troll shirt on of my daughters made for me before I posted that.
You just fed me steak and eggs.
I have a few quirks here and there.
I actually sold at $7390 when I was absolutely sure the correction was coming last night.
My god, he thinks people call this trolling.Talk to a shrink old man, you might want to PREDICT your dementia early on
I'm used to being deployed in very remote areas so I've drunk all kinds of things that were called coffee.
One in particular was made from coca leaves.
It had quite the "pick me up".
Wow man, you're great.
We love having you here.
Keep up the great posts!
Huehuehue.
Thank (you), Sir / Madame.
Now he's laughing in portugese.ABORT ABORT ABORT
Did you just assume his gender?
1.
The Trolls soundtrack is awful.
Have you disowned your daughter?
2.
How far are we dipping, General?
Cold brew nitro
Well, depends on where you are.
If you are around Seattle, most are found of old moldy coffee boiled and burnes for a few days.
Speaking of Seattle area, if you are around Lake Union, yoiu should evacuate.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Take your pets and run.
Nothing else.
Go.
Go now!
Godspeed Lake Union Anons.
Back to Crypto.
Welp, looks like BTC has support at 6700, and BCH at 830.
oh ye of little faith, it all comes tumbling down today
So what alts are you guys buying now that everything is in red
Alts are a bad idea right now, Anon.
I am probably going to sit out in Tether until Monday.
You might make some gains riding BCH from 850 to 970, Buy I think you would run out of luck there, if not before.
I will just sit on the candles over the weekend.
if something spikes up 8% out of the blue, I will ride it up, but bail at 28% gain.
Yeah, unfortunately, that's the word I'm getting over The Line.
These threads make me want to blow my brains out.
Thanks OP, you're that fucking annoying that just one post of yours out of many on /biz/ makes a human not want to be on this planet anymore.
Please don't do that, Anon.
A freind of mines little brother did that.
I grew up a musician, and used to play mainly in a jazz band, and as a second in some rock bands.
Not saying who.
anyway, Little brother got in to Metal and Grunge, started following Cobain.
Little Brother blew the back of his head off with a .357.
His Mother asked me to play his guitar for him at his funeral.
It was bad.
Real bad.
As in, you can't imagine how bad.
I haven't touched an instrument since.
So, once again, Anon, please don't do that.
Think of those around you.
March On, Walk On for Them.
Please.
Why is it bad to buy alts now while they are on the dip?
So you've had this effect on others?
Interesting....
I'm starting to see a developing pattern here.
I imagine many SK’s didn’t sleep much last night..
If you are going to buy The Dip, it may be a good idea to wait till Sunday.
The Weekend dip on top of The Crash wouldn't be good.
I may be wrong, but Patterns and percentages say I'm right.
Nah.
I wasn't in The Scene when it happened.
I had to fly in for his funeral.
what's the best alt coin to buy and just sit on.
I mined BTC way back when it traded for $12 and sold like 50 BTC for nothing.
The regret is excruciating.
I want to get on the ground floor of the next crypto bubble..
Welp, Old Man Coffee is over.
I'm sitting out this weekend, and have matters to tend to irl.
Anon, if I remind you of your Old Man, its because I probably am.
The Internet is a strange place.
You remind me of my Eldest Son, Whom I sacrificed everything for, and he wadded it up and threw it in my face.
Might as well of an hero'd, he put himself on life support twice with drug and alcohol overdoses.
A VERY selfish individual who only thinks of himself.
His mother is old, gray, and withered because of what he has done to her.
Maybe you shouldn't have been such a little bitch and beat the shit out of him.
Dont even talk to me before i had my coffee *sip* AHHHHHHH ok you may speak
You should start a discord or a telegram... digging the advice oldfag
i love this old manOP get on Twitter PS:will you be 4chan's step dad?
Yeah well, I did bad things, you did bad things.
I figured out by the time you were 6 it wasn't going to change the Road you were on, and stopped.
I just let you do whatever you were going to do after that.
My dad did the same to me, and gave me way worse than you ever got, and didn't stop until I left home at 14.
I didn't choose your road.
I went to work.
I got married, I raised a family.
Did I fuck up from time to time?
yeah.
I learned.
I grew.
I moved on.
People did way worse to me than I ever did to you, Son.
I got over it, and got on with life.
You, you were always suicidal, from the time you were born.
I did not cause that.
You were always curios about death.
I do not force that bottle to your mouth, and that needle to your arm.
I's all an excuse.
Man up, grow up, and make a life for yourself.
I don't even really live with the Family anymore.
You were very successful at tearing it all apart.
I pretty much turned the Family over to your little brother, and deploy to far away places for most of the year.
So, you do not have the family, but neither do I. go make your own family with what is left of you, Son.
It is Time.
I apologize for whatever Evil you think I did.
Move on.
For the sake of your Mother.
Stop pumishing her for things she is not guilty of.
Maybe some day we can meet up, and you can off me in retribution, or we can make up and move on.
Strangest thread ever on /biz/, but this is an anime board, and this is classic real life anime.
out.
Is this pasta?
No he's just going off the rails.
Let him be.
Not pasta, but you are free to use it as such.
b2x forku wot m8?
hurr durr I told people to buy BTC, Im a geniusjust piss off OP
good idea to buy BCH now?
pls tell what happens next, mr fortuneteller...
No.
Best is to buy ZCG on etherdelta
Welp.
BCH is climbing, BTC still tanking.
BTC was a dead cat bounce, just like I figured.
You kids may actually have your "flippening" All of my Mil Intel Contacts tell me exactly the opposite will result in the end.
It is quite like a buffalo stampede.
No telling when it will stop.
Each time I think the pattern will reverse, the people behind this flippening post more fud and fomo, which are lightning strikes pushing the buffalo on.
Whoever this is may be able to cause the flippening against all reason through sheer meme magic.
God knows, they put Trump in office.
I told you a bull trap was coming yesterday, and you just flung poo, just like you are now.
The originator (funder) behind "The Flippening" was arrested (Prince Al Alawed), and 20 Billion in assets seized, and a lot of the people involved rounded up.
It remains to be seen whether the survivors can pull it off.
No kidding.... damn dude well which side are WE ON
Neither.
I am Switzerland atm.
Sitting out and watching.
The risk isn't worth the gain.
BTC went up a shitload so its gonna correct>Im such a genius for pointing this outjust go away OPits embarrassing
Waiting on Mil Intel analysis.
Situation very fluid.
Not sure I can post the result, and if so will have to be vieled.
I jumped back into tether at 970... thanks for your prediction man.
It’s dropping fast now.. Switzerland eh?
Say hi to Aida for me.. gorgeous Swiss gal I met in Costa...
muh mil Intel Contacts>muh elite insider knowledgewow and then you grace us plebs on 4chan with your presencewhat an honour oracle-san
piss off child
you what now?
Three things I'd like your opinion on:1.
Link2.
Salt3.
Most of Bitcoin Cash volume coming from Korea.
Some say Roger Ver is selling it there as the true Bitcoin, misleading Korean investors who cannot speak English.
Cheers oldfella, do you think the flippening will happen?
Thanks for your insights!
Appreciate 'em!
yes, interesting but can you suck your own dick?
cheers you spooky fuck!
strange breed.What do you mean analysis?Who the fuck wastes their time analyzing shitcoins?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.. GET THE FUCK OUT PAJEET
hes just larping you stupid fuckjust another jobless neet in his moms basement
Shitcoins are involved in an ongoing coup and upcoming war in several Middle Eastern Countires.
Will get back with you on 1 and 2.
Can verify 3.
Could I keep in contact with you oldfagbiztard?
I'm just another anon but very curious about your info.
Understandable if you can't.
4288403Setting up a secure route.
Will get back with you.
Sorry for terse replies.
A lot of things I have to pay attention to are happening rapid fire.
Literally.
Very fluid.
Back in a bit.
4288229pls senpai
Global Events take precedence.
Sorry.
Get with you when I can.
Armies are about to be annihilated.
cent?
Thanks.
Do you have an email address I can contact you at?
i listened pal, but i was at job with no internet... i almost skipped the day...
I listened to that post you postedwhat's next senpai?is this really bear market or just heavy correction?I can't sell everything now can i?what is bull traps also i don't know im a big noob