Airline pilot fag on a Seoul layover.
This is NOT the first sign I’ve seen like this today.
Some Worst Korean restaurants are already taking BTC and ETH for the fucking bill.
Pic very related
no BCH I thought Korea was eating that shit up
This is OK for now, hopefully won't be a problem by the time the worst koreans find a new wagon to pile into
Worst Korean qt outside the bar.
No BCH signs yet
Korean people are such faggots.
I actually kinda like her
NoChinese manipulators using korean exchanges
Why are they only accepting BTC,its as volatile as other CryptoCurrencies, so why not accepting BCH, ETH, Neo etc.
?
Because why would they?
1-3 currencies are more than enough.
In Prague they have a tram with a huge bitcoin advertisement on it and in both Prague and Krakow I have seen bitcoin atms, even in east europe shitholes people are catching on
But if all of these normies agree on BTC, doesnt that mean that this is the coin with the highest future porential?
are you fucking retarded?
It says they accept ETH, LTC, DASH, XRP, and BTC
Yet most people  in west-europe/usa dont even know what BTC is ... imagine the growth if their liquidity enters the market at some point in the next years
Was just in Prague, can confirm
I live here.
We have even whole market/coffee shop complex where you can pay only with BTC.
It's called "parallel polis":
institute of cryptoanarchy
>no linkI wouldn't eat there
Still holding link?
$ eoy 2018 cap this
You do realize that link has lost 2/3 of its value over the last 6 months
Well, Czech is in general quite cryptofriendly.
Also we got a new company aiming for blockchain technology in Ostrava...
the future is now.
over 30Hey!
I'm over 45 and I resemble that remark!
You guys are alright, dont go to hodl school tomorrow..I will shill you a nice discord group I just became part ofWe pump on bittrex, +10k members, active channels on trading/rumors and admins who find a good coin to pump and shill.
Last week I made 30% on Bitbean in several trades under 15 minutes and 20% on a Bitbean pump.Join us or stay pajeet faggots!https://discord.gg/K2TBDXq
You are the special Counter example anon
Calling me special you fucking kids i swear to god well at least i can jump into my coffin knowing I grew up without DRM and microtransactions in muh gaymes
As a pilot what do you think about ARN(Aeron??
I've wondered about this - how do shops that actually accept crypto as payment handle the transaction times?I guess for non-BTC it's usually only a matter of seconds to a few minutes before the transactions fully processed, but do they just wait to see that there's a TX and that's good enough?
what if the gas price is too low and it takes forever/fails?and what about BTC where the transactions can take hours or get locked up?
I just don't get the logistics like if you wanna buy a coffee and a sandwich for $5 in BTC can't it take them like a couple days to get their $5 payment into the wallet?