May announce a partnership with singapore’s central bank on thursday!
I just bought 2500, should I buy more?
What's the market cap, how many total coins, is this like RCN where there's a billion coins?
Holding 1200 will I make it?
What are you basing this on?
I wish people would say where they got their info from.
We are mooning right now boys
nah stellar is the shittiest of shitcoins
4366868it's fucking 4 cents per coin, why the fuck are you even bothering?
with like under a hundred dollars?
just bought 10k, TO THE MOON BOIS.
WE GONA BE RICHHHH !!!
HODL HODL GANG SKEET SKEET NIGGAAAA
because I bought ETC at .10 a coin and have made close to 10,000 off of it O.OI'm not going to invest 10,000 into one coin and hope it goes well, I've diversified into RCN, POWR, ARK, and still have 5,000 in ETC and another 40 coins in ETH that I'm not touching.
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/31331/singapore-central-bank-open-sources-blockchain-prototypes
Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see any strong signs in that article that what they are working on is something that will run on Stellar.
I wouldn't be surprised if it did though.
Stellar is going to moon eventually regardless.
First true mover in interbank payments.
24btc sell wall on bittrex
delete this
Somebody post the >PRICED IN UNIVERSITYmeme.
It's getting eaten
Bought stellar at 550 some time ago>Drop my bags at 470 yesterday just before the mooningConsider my almonds activated
Why did you drop your bags?
Bought in on something that seemed like an imminent moon mission?It happens.
It's not necessarily a "mistake", just a calculated risk that didn't play out that well.
Stellar was featured in a good light in an article.
IBM was basically shilling it to governments, so i bought in.
It dropped some 20% and i'm temporarily on a no-bag policy.
Bad luck i guess
Conbine these facts:- Singapore's central bank announcing its going to work with crypto.- Singapore's central bank announcing its going to work with IBM.- Stellar announced it is already fully working with IBM.- IBM announced it is already using Stellar in South East Asia.I leave looking up where Singapore is to you, I'm sure you can fill the gaps from here.
I bought 2,500 at $60 at the start of the thread it's already at $95 O.O this is a 2x'er in minutes kind of coin right now.
anyone know if I can store these in my Ledger?
I'm just going to forget about these guys for a few months and come back
Singapore's central bank announcing its going to work with IBM.Is this announcement from somewhere else?
It doesn't say that in the article.The rest are true.
Why aren't you buying?>One MORE
You are correct, that part isnt so much a fact but the one 'may very well happen' in the list.That's why we are in rumour phase now, now is when you decide between taking on the risk and have bigger gains thursday when it's confirmed, or not.