Does anyone else seem to do this again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again...?I tell myself I'm not going to do it this time, but it always happens.
What is wrong with me?
cause crypto is fucking stupiddon't buy altsdon't buy bitcoin cause its too fucking expensive nowcrypto's over
We need more people like you so we profit
I look back on the 20 moon missions that I missed in the past 3 months alone, and I want to kill myself.
Then I tell myself I will for sure find the next one.
Then I fail and add that to the list of failures and missed moon shots.
Then I stare into a deep black abyss and want to shoot my brains out.
It's because you buy and sell on FOMO.
You're really just gambling, thinking you'll win this time because other people seem to be winning too.
Just put a buy order a bit lower than what it is right now.
It will drop eventually and you won't be buying high.
That's not nice.
Why are people like me such failures?
Were we doomed to give people like you our money?
No I do my research and everything.
I just turn out to be wrong every time.
Think chainlink, airswap, request, iexec, and several others that have shafted me.
don't even try to do anything m8everything in this sphere goes up for no fucking reasontechnology doesn't matter at all, usecase doesn't matter at allyou could buy the shittiest shitcoin of them all and it'll probably x1000 while everything useful goes down 20%
Reading /biz/ isn't much of a research.
Yeah, instead you'll be catching a falling knife which is slightly better.
)
You haven't developed a strategy.2) You have the FOMO gene.
What is the right strategy?
Please tell me this strategy that could have helped me to find all those moon shots.
Thank you.
the right strategy is buy Bitcointhat's it
Buy BTC, ETH, XMR and then a little moonshot shitcoin.
What the fuck are you talking about?
>ChainLink, REQ, airswap, iExec These haven't even mooned yet faggot, these are long term hodls.
You obviously haven't done your research if you thought these would get you quick gains.
they were all supposed to get quick gains, anon.i'm only in this for quick gains.
i can't hold for 2 years because i worry crypto will be done by them.
worry crpto will be done by thenm8 you do realize technology just doesn't disappear right?
crypto and blockchain technology is still in its infancy
yeah the tech is in its infancy, but hype and overall fomo is at its peak.
maybe the tech gets better but prices get lower when people realize it's not as earth-shattering as everyone thought?
buy the rumor, sell the news
Trader strategy:Pick a bunch of good low volume coins and watch them constantly.
Use the 1 minute charts.
Start buying when you see a sudden increase in buy volume.
Don't go all in at once because it might trigger a dump or it might not actually mooning.Holder strategy:Choose a low volume and low market cap coin that has had multiple pumps and a long history.
Hold until it moons again.
Yes.
not as earth shattering as everyone thoughthe blockchain is the most earth shattering thing invented since the internet