I can cash my who portfolio out for 400k.
Started with 11k in March.
Assume I’m legitimately not leaping.
Have I made it?
Should I keep going?
I don’t know how much longer this crypto bull market can last
Legitimately not larping *
Keep going, unless you have other plans for your 400k like a business.
Curious what you got in on?
Curious what you got in on?He started in March.
Enough to know, i guess.
No other plans.
I’ve only spent half a BTC on a laptop and have basically no fiat savings.
It’s crazy because I would be so incapable of “buying” a bitcoin from fiat right now since they’re so expensive and I’m in school with no income, but I have like 60 of them.
It’s like Monopoly money and doesn’t even feel real.
In terms of what I got into, it’s too much to recount.
My first major trade was buying 0x at ICO and being one of the first to sell on Poloniex for over 25x
Actually now i remember.
It was that 0x ICO that gave me just enough to put 100 Eth into the ChainLink presale.
I basically went from 25k to 200k to fucking around some more stuff and then getting 400k.
I’m honestly not even sure how that last doubling happened
Profit take 100k in fiat IMO.
Leave the rest in.
This.
Scale pay-out as necessary, even 200k if you can buy a house/appartment with that then
You made it, hold 5 btc, 5 bch, 50 ltc cash out the rest
To avoid huge tax bills why don't you leave it in something stable or growing slowly and take out the minimum amount that isn't taxable (if it's capital gains tax where you live).
Yeah it’s capital gains which is why I don’t want to cash out into fiat desu
Convert 2% of your stack to Monero, that way you can't lose.
Seriously though, there is a higher than 2% chance that Monero becomes THE cryptocurrency yet one xmr only costs 0.017 rn.
Why XMR over ZEC?
I switched to my phone btw
tfw started in march but only up 3-4x on my initial money
Very impressive if true.
Cash out 100k right fucking now, not trying to meme you.
Be prepared for a black swan event, if the whole crypto market crashed tomorrow, at least made 100k out of it.
Zec is not fungible and is widely hated by everyone who isn't Jewish, CIA, or a low iq shill.
Its (((trusted setup))) cannot be viewed as anything but a backdoor.
Monero has a far stronger organic community.
The DNM scene has embraced Monero.
Monero is literally what bitcoin was supposed to be.
400k > 250k (assuming biggest bitch taxes) > 100k house > 15K/yr > 10 years to live and do whateverHonestly though you could make a lot more money with 400k, and you don't have to use crypto for those means if you don't want too.
You could start a business, pursue a new skillset, even invest and collect because it's all plausible with hundreds of thousands.
But you won't be able to retire with that unless you have a steady job to assist you.
larpingshow your portfolio then nigga
Btw I'm in a similar position to you.
Resolved today that I'm only cashing out living expenses from here on since there's nothing else I want to put my money into after cashing out.
Stocks are overvalued while gold and fiat are basically trash.
I'll cash out a years expenses and maybe a small weekly "dividend".
Holding BTC and XMR forever.
One will fail but I'll be ok.
That was the best trade you'll ever make in your life.
Outperforming 99.9% of crypto traders... And now you're asking if you should let it ride or take profits.This, ladies and gentlemen, is the ramblings of a person infested with greed.