
Bumpan 4 interest.
this thread is no place for sergey
google fixed incomemaybe 6%
Fuck passive income, just put it all into ETP on the 13th
is that sergey??
Visa, Nvidia, SOXL for at least a little bit, Northrop Grumman, bondsThere's plenty more, just don't be stupid
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Put it all in a Vanguard fund, should return safe 6% AKA 60k
yes
What the fuck vanguard fund are you in returning 6%?
Most index funds return about 2%.
OP means dividends, not growth
definitely looking for some fine ass-dividends
I know op, I'm in the same boat.
Look into high dividend yielding stocks, 4% is very good for stock.
Look into corporate bonds.
Look into BAC-L and RYDAF and similar
Right now my goal is $2MM so I can live off of 4-5%
No shit.
That is exactly my plan too.
That's exactly my goal too, down to the letter.
Actually It was and then I bumped it up to 2.5 mil because I'm not sure 4-5% is feasible, gotta count 3% withdrawal rate to be able to survive almost any recession depression.So ya look into those i mentioned, those are what I know.
If u find any other good ones, lmk pls
not that anon but switched jobs in may and since then vanguard 2055 target retirement is up ~8%
You da man
nm im brainlet talking dividends not growth, carry on
Buy Coss or ODN, stake, Grandpa
Target date funds are bullcrap.
The portfolio management they do for you you can do yourself and save the money they charge in fees.
They also start you off with way too much bonds and too little stocks, bond accumulation should come later in life.Google "lazy portfolio".
There's been research done that the best buy and hold accumulation strategy is 1 us market index fund, 1 international market index fund, and a bond index.
Then you just buy the dips.VTI, VXUS, BND is all you need.
You're young so I wouldn't even buy any bonds till you're in your 30s.
Then I'd keep the allocation 40 40 20 with the least going to bonds.
As you age and nearing retirement you'd want about 50 50 index funds and bonds
/50 index funds & bonds once I get up twice in the night to pee, got it!
thanks
x long on buttmex
Dont forget to buy more bonds and stocks at the market high when both are the most expensive they've ever been in human history anon.Euro bonbs at -% interest rates in all countries developed non pajeet tier countries when you take inflation into account.
Now lets talk about the P/E ratios of all major and even minor stocks.
Now lets bring the worlds fed banks into it and how they're turning off the Money printing while we are headed back into a depression.
bing the 4% rule.
if you're really cautious you could assume 3% instead.
but a higher percentage is doable too if you opt for more stocks and less bonds for your allocation