This is LINK's future for the next 2 years.Everyone who called this shit was right.
After Rory's shit announcement it's fucking obvious these guys won't release news because they have none.
The project is nowhere near as close as we thought.
I tried crypto.
I lost.
Now I'm out.
Put my remaining fiat back in my bank.
Good luck everyone.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
This shit ain't for everyone kid S
the promise of link seemed promising How did such a poorly written post become pasta?
This is LINK's future for the next 2 years.thats wrong tho.we have some major points to look forward to:>SWIFT/Chainlink coming out announcing partnership and date for launch of mainnet>pump til that date>dumps and corrects again>suddenly takes off into space never looking back
By the time these fucks release anything nobody will remember this token lol

how much did you buy?
Eh I wouldn't say that, I'll probably drop $100 when it drops to 100 sats, good value..and this whole price drop was pretty much guaranteed.
It's a very long term coin
.5k LINK.
I had some leftovers in other coins but I started with .8 BTC in August.
Sold back .13
nobody will remember this token lolyea they sure will forget about the solution to the oracle problem that was until now the major problem in smart contract technology.chainlink basically monitors and enforces all smart contracts in the future in a secure decentralized net that is up 24/7.
It ties together information from all other systems as well.Its the underlying technology to finally get into automation.check pic related and what the mentioned companys do.
their fields, literally ALL of them are working in industrys that will heavily profit from smart contracts and automation.people right now literally bitch that the LINK token is at .15 cents and they can't really imagine how far it will scale up by magnitudes of fuck.
No doubt that LINK will go to hundreds as it is the foundation to every smart contract, it will probably take some years tho.
BHSLt:/BIZ\
Links dead.
Look at the charts for DNT then chainlink, same same.
All the delusional dnt holders saying bbb--but when districts get released, linkies .. bbbbbb-but big announcements are coming , sell before 1k sats
Funny nice but I'm a link bag holder 4 life
your future every morning for 365 days a year
price clearly being suppressed on binance...just saying
I CANT WAKE UP
How is it being suppressed.
There is no volume
LINK is starting to scare the fuck out of me.
What's stopping the devs from exit scamming us LINKies?
FUD before the storm.
With 32M couldn't they've hired someone more competent and less of a soyboy than Rory?
Deluded linkie
Takes 5 minutes to put up a simple bi-weekly update.
Doubt it's a scam.
His face is everywhere
Agree with you OP.
I had 65k link and sold it all yesterday at a slight loss.
In fact I sold everything because I feel like a dip is coming.
But anyway..
I've lost confidence in LINK.
It's still way too early along.
Even great projects like NEO went for quite a while not doing shit.
Might buy back in sometime next year.
Exactly.
Not saying LINK won't be valued in the future.
But 2 years of bag holding is worse than having that money in the bank.
one person forcing it
Glad you got out.There are still a thousand deluded linkies out there that need to be saved.
It's not an easy task, but we have to try.No man in this world deserves the pain to be a deluded linkie forever.
No man.
Because it was just a promise of a promise.
just goes to show how brainless the fudders are my man, link hasn't even dipped substantialy today despite the attempts at turnig the news into FUD.Personally I was smitten af to read they're hiring a market team.
peanuts man, why not just consider that money lost?HAHAHAH
I think everyone hating is just an 18 year old trying to get rich in weeks.
Those of us who can afford to just sit back will reap the rewards of patience.
Pretty much every coin has its issues, but literally none offer the long term potential of link.
Even ethereum that seems so fundamental has a million competitors that have better tech and improved on the concept of a smart contract platform.
But link brings it all together.
It’ll be the next ethereum level project.
FYI I got in pre sibos and have just averaged my stacks cost.
And yes if you can predict lows and highs on all the coins you could make off better but it’s easier to hold then buy back in
Not peanuts for me.And because I'm leaving crypto after this thread, so I'd want whatever money i have left back.
I can't watch other coins go up while i lose money .
imagine selling NEO at 16 cents
 MIL coins vs 1 BILL tokens.
It's not for me either, but unless you're a neet you can budget accordingly to recover that amount in 2-3 months.
At least put in REQ until January to make your money back man.This, today is a bittersweet day.
I'm gonna swing trade 50% of my stack to cost average the losses, and I'm sorry for those that aren't.
STINKY, STINKY LINKIES
And bittersweet because I'm sad so /biz/raelis aren't gonna make it, but happy for my cheap LINK.
today is a bittersweet dayWhy, what happened?
>tfw waiting for LINK to moon
Exactly we’re all here for the hope of making it big.
Frankly if I double my money in a few years I won’t be happy.
That’ll be wayyy better than a stock market but not what the crypto hype has become.
I have fomo from ethereum and bitcoin and see this as one of the last big chances to change your life.
I don’t even wagecuck, (150k salary isn’t wagecucking right?)
but it’s still dreadful I want to be free.
Unchained you could say.
Anybody selling for 1/3-1/5th what they bought in for is admitting defeat and being a bitch ass loser.
If you hold and it goes to 0 eventually you’re just a high risk investor who had one wrong pick
k?
If I made that much I'd be free in four years.
What's your savings rate like?
Do you have any dependents?
you might be in for a long weight
>shitcoin that is only available on backwater exchanges >worth about 1/4 of what it was worth when biz was shilling it to shit a month agoRecipe for long term success
Wait are you buying more link or selling half and waiting for it to lower to buy back?
I’ve been buying in small pieces and got my average cost down from 38 to 24ish.
Will definitely buy more if it goes sub 14 cents.
No way it goes lower than 12.5 is my guess bc of ico price
If btc crashes and stabilizes at 4k then all the other coims will crash and stablize too.
Right?
Them your alt coins arent gonna be worth much
Money won't unchain you...
go big or fuckin go home n die, bitch asses.
you know how to live, man.
i'm proud of you.
Crash may just be in btc and money goes to altsPeople are getting smarter.
You think once there’s huge money in this from hedge funds they won’t move to alts?
Yea right, they can’t just compete on one asset they’ll just price each other way up
fucking nothing.
The fuck is all the LINK fud about then?
La is expensive.
My life is good, don’t get me wrong, but I’m not ready to retire without living a poor life.
Just can’t do that I got big ambitions.
But I’m also lazy so crypto fortunes sound great
Assume btc stays top dawg for a while.
It could still crash and stablize, right?
Cus alot of its value is just speculators.
Right?
Idk much about this, broheem.
But I figure it will eventually reach some kind of peak, where the market for actually using btc as currency peaks, and at that point the speculators drop out and it stabilizes.
Main part is if it's /biz/ exclusive it has high chances of dumping 80% of the time.
So what im saying is that if btc crahses soon, the other coins value aint gonna be shit.
So the golden days of investing in coins would be over.
But I kimda doubt btc has reached its peak in term of "true value" from people using it as currency
Rory's drunken response saying the team will switch from Ruby to Go and they don't yet have a dev to do it.
Yet they'll hire marketing, which is good.
They said the same thing like 3 weeks ago in SLack.
So since they what the fuck have they been doing.
They've been looking for hires for over a month.
Nothing is getting done lol
retarded, forced controversy over casual reiterative telegram post
most deranged community of bag holders known to man.love you man aHAHAHHAHA
Sounds like HST.
ERC20 Tokens are like hookers - they're fun, but never trust them
50million from the ico>cant hire anyonewhat?
most companies that raise that amount of money in equity have 100+ employees
I'm at 130k on west coast and I don't make shit compared to others.
What industry in LA?
i was a link bagholders oncei feel less depressed with a 60% loss on investmenthonestly, i hung myself, but then i realized, i've already been through the worst by holding link bagsfucking Rory and Sergey the 2 potsmoking mcdonalds munching fat fucks for not releasing anything and being lil nigger wagecucks fuck off
You just have missed the news they’re rewriting their whole project because they used the worst programming language possible.
How did they just realize this??
Sirgay is a fucking idiot.
THIS.