I've been correct about every pump so far...ANOTHER ONE COMING UP!
This time to 1.35 or 1.50 to new ATH.
BUMP
When pump to $5 so I can dump?
dump it, could care less.
This is a $20 coin.
Binance competition, recently updated github, increasing exposure... last time we see this under $1?
Pretty DAMN SURE you're correct.
this shit coin already had more cap that modum, vechain, rcn, link, req..etc what a insane crypto reatrds.
It's almost 6 AM in China.
I wonder what they'll do after they wake up and learn about the competition?
maybe... just maybe this is not a shit coin
Deluded if you think this won't dump soon
NULS will be the blockchain solution of the Orient.MODUM will be the blockchain solution of Western Europe.checkem
Another fudder that can barely use a keyboard.
G A Y F U DAYFUD
You dumb fucks know that all the code return NULL right?
lol, EVERYTIME some faggot says something like this, the coin ends up mooning.
See you from space pajeet.
4347345this shit coin giving away 100k nulls for top traders in binanace, so ppl running after it to get free coins.
this shit dump hard.
OH IT FEELS GOOD
Go check the GITHUB and AMA faggot.
They did it just to destroy morons like you.
Do you know what p&d's look like kuck?
Stop, pajeet.
You're making yourself look foolish.
1.35 or 1.50What time zone?
Saw this exact same non-argument in the other thread, try harder.
Is there actually concrete info on this or is everyone still operating on vague rumors from a Chinese friend or something like that?
I sold earlier at the peak and am hoping to rebuy at 115 or so
It's honestly pretty crazy how many people ignore this.
The devs aren't even trying to hide the fact that this is 100% vaporware and people are still throwing money at it.
Seriously just look at their github before you buy this, it's hilarious.
UTC
Stop embarrassing yourself.
Just do your research first and then spread bullshit.
Lmfao they literally avoided all relevant questions .
)Destroyed hahahahah....Its airdroped shitcoin, from devs that allready failed at doing blockchain project, shileld by binance and tards like you.0 usecase.0 token purpose.0 problem solving.100% scam.
https://www.reddit.com/r/nulsservice/comments/7cnca6/an_understanding_of_nuls_a_chinese_perspective/LMAO, I've never seen a piece of shit as poor as this faggot.
OMG...
I'M DYING LAUGHING.
This.
I'll be too scared to try and take profits at $5 because I honestly see it going to at least $10, though probably even higher.
Can someone wake them up already?
hours from now!
$10That would take a phat market cap.
Let's see.
I've heard that so many times, and didn't buy in for that reason.
Just to watch it then pump and say to myself "fuck, I wish I had of bought that".In all seriousness though, if we could have another drop in price before breaking past $1 that would be great, as I have a buy order that didn't get filled and I want some more NULS before we lambo.
they updated their github last night get fucked pajeet
Hello sirs I would like to apply for the position as lead developer of Nuls please thank you
did u not read what i said check their update you fucking pajeet
Stop ignoring the facts when they are presented to you.
You are nothing but a fool.
hey, why is bumping?
it has 40 mil market cap which is lower than all of them you understand that right.
I'm accumlating NULS now moving my LINK To NULS
HAAAHAHAAA NULS is rising the fuck upAPOLOGIZE now
CHINA WAKING UP MOON TIME FAGGOTS!
THE WHALE WAS RIGHT THIS IS THE NEXT NEO AND I DIDNT LISTEN NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
HERE WE GOOOOO NEW PARADIGM!
1.5 is the cap calling it now if buy above 1.50 ur an idiot
AMA today>github updated today>new website coming soonHmm, I wonder.......
Who else masternode status here?
Competition has begun expect massive fomo pump
I fucking wish, was trying to swing trade to increase my stack and sold about 257 last night, at what I thought was the peak.
My buy order never got filled though and now I might have lost my chance to buy back in lower.
Still sitting on 1000 though.
need 1k more
HUGE FUCKING BULLFLAG ON NULS ITS ABOUT TO BREAK OUT ALSO.. GET THE FUCK IN HERE NULSBROS
if u can see by that 4 bitcoin sell wall the price is about to drop back to 60-70 lmao
hmm...could be.
Why should they give a fuck about us westerners?
The Chinese make up 90+% of all volume, so any pumps on our end don't compare to the whales of the orient.
Indeed.
HERE...
Is this shitcoin going to 1.5 or do i sell now before the bump?
WE...
Just sell for the asking price so we can start this pump.
lmao can't believe people are buying up nuls to $1.10 again.. this is complete vaporware with no working product check the code.
good luck
Are you idiots going to buy high and sell low again?You buy before you feel a potential pump not during.
Here you go faggot:READ AND WEEPhttps://steemit.com/nuls/@fahdi/2fee19-an-understanding-of-nuls-a-chinese-perspective
tfw code has been updated on github and fud doesnt mean shit
GO
some pump
Why should I buy what's it do