When bch inevitably crashes and people flow back into the real alts
bch crash means btc rise, and when btc rise all alts....
I'm so tired of this.
Alts start getting a good run then BAM BTH is back to ruin the day.
If Bitcoin Cash didn't have the word 'Bitcoin' in its name no one would give a shit about it.
What's going to happen when the sells start touching that buy wall at 0.2?Do you reckon it will disappear?
notice btc has stayed steady around 8k, looks like a support forming, and doesn't seem to be going down in spite of bch recent pump, which leads me to believe a lot of bch price has come from the alt market, not so much the btc market
Like the last "crash" where BCH found support at 4x what it was trading at 2 weeks beforehand?Yeah man, keep holding your bags
Gonna be waiting a long time there bud.
The real king is coming for his crown and shitcoins wont survive.
I don't understand why BTH should be more valuable than all the alts its robbing.
Why do we need 2 bitcoins?
The reason for alts is to do something different that Bitcoin can't do.
>being in alts for the end of 2017Spuds.
Put your money in Monero and be comfy, and in 2018 go back into alts.
They're going to get bled dry for now.
a pullback in bch is inevitable
That’s not a support it’s resistance.
The pump is running out of steam
Monero is an altcoin, but a premium one at that.
Since when is Monero not an alt?
you're totally right, it seems like people are waiting out the bch thing though, no?
I've been really impressed by how strong LTC is holding its value through all of this.
The last time BCH pumped up to high numbers it bled down for over a month before hitting the bottom.
It being higher than close to the previous bottom doesn't necessarily mean high support over a long period of time, otherwise everything would be moving up forever using that logic
4533429Yeah sorry, you know what I mean.
The big ones, LTC/XMR/ETH are good hedges.
Monero is amazing because it's so strong technically and fundamentally and will continue rising to $200+ by end of year.
they aren't real hedges though since their prices are tied overwhelmingly to btc.
If btc shits the bed, its going to be a serious hit across the board for all alts including the big ones until exchanges cut over pairing to bch.
Why would they pair over to BCH instead of say Ethereum?
If BTC truly does die I don't think BCH will last before it is overtaken by ETH.