So why hasn't this coin reached BTC level of value yet?
It's literally superior to any coin out there.
because verge will kill monero
Verge isn't even actually anonymous, NT.
poor man's verge
4361218Tell me when verge actually has the technology backing it up instead of just blind faith on the dev.
Verge is going to be a top 5 coin, whereas monero is slowly dying (ip leak).
Verge is for 16 year old kids who don’t have the capital for moneroThey praise a part time hobby dev who has no control of his hype marketing teamMarketing team just all hype, marketing team leader had deal with PnD group, made fake website with countdown.Dev knew but didn’t care, 1/10 of work has been completed over with multiple delays.
Dev knows he can’t work the verge currency with tor network, just all hype no product.BuzzwordsBillions of supply.XVG sucks ass and youll gunna be holding bags forever
43613354361218Is this the pajeet containment thread?Verge is a lol-worth knock off of Monero.
They use Tor instead of i2p like Monero does, because they are morons who can't into privacy.As to OP's question, it is gaining value pretty rapidly when you consider everything.
Look at Monero's value appreciation over the last 3 years, then look at Bitcoin's appreciation over the it's first 3 years of existence.
Patience, you dumb motherfuckers.
Just look at the commits on the verge repository to see how it's never going to go anywhere.
It's bunch of "I have no idea what I'm doing".
Don't even have to look at the code itself or detailed description (which there is none) when the commits short descriptions are the level of "need moar coffee".
Your best moment to make money from verge was week ago when failed wraith launch was hyped, and maybe in future if he ever gets it done.
But right now the coin is just ugly wallet with tor/p2p attached.
Most of the other crap works badly or breaks all the time, and there is no way single dev can keep all that clusterfuck working.
t. monero bagholder
4361660Damage control, lmao.
This between 2020 en 2040 (20 years long) there will be less Monero then bitcoin, just let that sink in for a second.
4361849Ip != transaction.Every site (even 4chan) you surf to knows your IP brainlets.Verge even has a fucking rich list.
zencash is superior
It's centralized through nodes though, you don't have to look much further than link rot, and history of internet to see centralisation is not a good idea, and especially for anon coins where few nodes can sniff your traffic.
the verge shills all over this board are fucking shameful, nobody wants your bags