Could someone help.
First you need to buy Bitcoin or Ethereum.>Easiest place to do that for Newfags is CoinbaseNext you need an exchange that sells Link.>Easiest to use is Binance>Make an account there>Send your BTC or Ethereum from coinbase your Binance wallet>Buy Link
I have bought Ethereum from Coinbase, and I tried to make account on Binance and, I it only allowed chinese number to verify
I dont believe you need to be verified to buy Link, just to send more than 2 BTC a day.
Buy it from etherdelta.
Etherdelta is a lot simpler and it adds new coins frequently
You don't need SMS verification.
Email will do for a 2BTC/24h withdrawal limit.
To verify for 100BTC/24h you can you Google Verification app
you can use*
Not op, but someone who's also interested in buying Chain link, I heard you shouldn't keep the link in the exchange but move it to a MEW.That's for security reasons, correct?
Yeah always a good idea, haven't heard any horror stories from Binance but Bittrex has been known to close accounts without warning.
Still good to be safe.
some idiots sparked a panic by convincing everyone that Binance had run out of chainlink.so everyoneone withdrew and several people weren't able to withdraw for about 6 hours.they had more in cold storage, but you never know if the exchange is going to pull a Mt.
Gox on you.
Step one: grab some cashStep two: throw it in the garbage You're now the proud owner of ChainLink!Congrats on this.
Seriously.
I created a link at MEW.
how does MEW work.
Can someone elaborate.
Don't send btc it will take forever and cost more.
Use eth, send to binance, buy link, transfer out to mew
I bought the link, and i just transfered some eth.
The fact that I transfered the eth to the link i created at mew means that I automatically bought Chain Link?
What if I wanted to sell the link how would I do that?
Don't quite understand what you mean but:Make a wallet with MEW.
Send your LINK to that address and a small amount of ETH.
You need to ETH in your wallet or you can't move the LINK out again.If you want to sell it, then you would send it back to Binance.
The normies are coming for LINK just as the prophecy foretold
Isnt it wonderful?
It is Almost time
its a linklet falls for one of his fellow shills thread
It's not that simple anon, LINK is a long-term hold.
hi sirs how do i buy espers on yobit ty kindly sirs
This please

wtf why are people selling 1