Realistically can bitcoin recover from this?
Or is it game over now?
Should I really buy bch at 2 fucking k?
no bro, do NOT BUY BCC its a TRAP
Yeah great idea, just buy at ATH.
I'm sure it'll work out just great.
I call it a new era.
A cold war era.
Segwit vs chinks.
Buy, I didn’t when it got 1k and I regret not getting in sooner then I did.
I got in at 1.5k, decent but still.
Of course it will recover.
btc will reach a point where hashpower will never return and then it will burn to zero
i just hope many reditards commit suicide
You can wait for 8k
ATHJust watch.
you should either exit to fiat or buy BCH and use a stop loss order
Most autistic traders don't realise this is what btc actually needs in order to hit 10k
why should I buy?now or wait for it to go lower?
bought in at a lovely 600 here.
Fuck me it's 2,350 now.
yes buy it anon, look at the volume, its gone up $27 billion in market cap today.. 27 BILLION MOTHERFUCKER.
Worse comes to worse you load up some btc or eth and you lose a little bit and hop out like a pussy.
but sitting there watching all of this sweet sweet volatility and not hopping in is like being a surfer watching the best waves a beach can offer, but just sitting there and watching them.
How do you even buy BCH right now if you're a BTC holder?I'm asking because I don't have any BTC right now.
I'm all in ETH, which at least still has a functional hashrate.
I'm seeing all this stuff about the hash of BTC dropping so hard that people's orders are just getting rejected by their exchanges.
Is it true that everything has frozen?
YES YES YESBuy all the Bitcoins you can NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATEYou don't want to be a retarded nocoiner with no value right?
BUY BUY BUY
Bitcoin will die and Litecoin will prevail.
That is Satoshi's vision.
Each time it goes through the cycle quicker and quicker.I wonder how quick the pump from 4500 to 12500 is going to be this time.
better question is do you want to buy bitcoin for the last time at 2k ever
Yeah shapeshift won't convert my bitcoin to bch.
Eth should do the trick though.
Same.
We just wait it out and when people are fed up getting dumped on with BCH but no longer trust BTC enough to buy back in, they'll buy ETH, the most stable coin on the market.
> Random shitcoin gets pumped 1000%Meh.> Coin has 'Bitcoin' in the name and gets pumped 400%SELL ALL BUTTCOINS, DOOM IS UPON US>t.
Someone making a killing on bch, and is about to make a killing on btc rebound
Holding bitcoin is basically going down with the ship at this point.
WHY ARE THE KOREANS DOING THIS?
WHY!!!
yeh keep fucking waiting lmao
>$2400good lord.
i predicted what would happenand i still didn't buy any at $600anyone else too smart to be rich?
I'm actually considering getting a loan if it goes that low...Not going to do it of course, but it'll tempt me a lot.
Yeah, but hindsight, I have probably forgotten all the bad ideas I was convinced of
Except it's not called being smart.
good point.
at one time i thought 2x was the clear winner
BUY BUY BUY
buy bitcoin cash because normies want quicker transaction time.
btc is for fudds.
no one wants fucking 60 minute transaction timeit's 2016 + 1 for fuck sake and nearly +2
i bought bch at 300.im legit quitting my job on monday.feels good to be retired at 26
retire how many did you buy?
Buy now, while it's crashing on Bitfinex.
Soon enough Bithumb will be back online and it'll be rising up up up again.
REEEEE IMPOSSIBLE TO PLACE ORDERS ON POLO RIGHT NOW
You can't retire with $2000 anon
Also it depends what happens with hashrate + the BCH fork tomorrow.
I'm crying too anonhodl me
Wait, why?
Explain pls