I-I think im literally going puke.
I fucking hate you all.
You’re all a bunch of useless, autistic weaboo cunts.
All you do all day is masturbate your fucking short dick, watch shitty Japanese cartoons and post nonsense on this stupid god damned board.
What is this board even for?
Have you seen the shit these retards post here?
Its all post humor hipster nonsense.
Why can’t you just laugh at shit normal people find funny?
Why do you feel the need to be so fucking different and unique that you have to come to this stupid fucking website for your kicks?
Is it because you didn’t have any friends in school?
Is that it?
You can’t just go on Facebook and Instagram and look at your dumb memes like everyone else, oh no, that would make you a “normie.” So instead you come here of all places, to unload your unfunny trash onto the internet and circle jerk your dumb buddies cocks off.
You make me sick.
Reply this post or your mother will die in her sleep tonight.>tfw going to be able to buy link when it is literally peanuts
where are those faggots that loves the dip?
lol eat them now.
HOLY FUCK IT'S REAL
Nothing personal, kid.
It was all good business
that's a fucking great fakenot even madhow'd you do it though?
so glad i didnt buy this shit

WTF IT'S REALWHAT THE FUCK BIZ
 its so difficult to use paint
huh, thought there was more to thiseither way, great execution
4500748450075445007784500868#4CHNallday
Look at your fucking ID...
so much shilling on /biz/ for link>meanwhile, so many threads about POWR >every POWR thread shut down, nobody lkistening>POWR mooning to the fucking next solar system>link lying down in a hole and dying>mfw I told you so
https://warosu.org/biz/?task=search2&search_filename=pepe_balleryou linkies are so fucking delusional
literally the word “Jew” in the IDYou can’t make this shit up

BUY THE DIP
the STATE of deluded linkies
kek
Lmfao shit didn't realise it had not only kept plummeting but accelerated.
Thank fuck I didn't fall for the hold meme.
Buy the dip on BTS or STEEM.
ARN has also consolidated (mooned a bit cos of Binance comp nonsense, but worth buying dip on) while GVT looks decent bet and B2BX as well.
That is one deluded Linkie.
For real thoguh, is this a good buy long term?
Hahaha still some time to sell before double digits.
I'll buy 1M links for pennies when it's 1 sat :)
if what they promise is deliverd, you will be mad rich.
No

Gonna be epic when this shit moons

Last night I debated with myself for a few hours whether i should go into monero or LINK.
I made the right choice
powr was a better choice

Linkies living rent free in others mind: CONFIRMED
bascially this yeah.
even noLINKers can't stop thinking about LINK lmao
But why op?
It solves the oracle problem, this is large if fact
Are those tits on him for real or photoshopped?
Feeling comfy with my 150 LINK.
I'm gonna be rich one day.