>he isn't making a comfy passive income via affiliate marketing and instead wastes all his time and money on crypto
Tell me how anon.
HOW.
No but I'd like to.
Any tips OP?
how?
??
we are all ears OP
P O N Z IONZI
he isn't making a comfy passive incomeI am, it's called Ark staking
how much do you make a month?
43851554385193First of all, loose any morals you have left.then just google "cpa content locking" and get an understanding of the whole thing.Also check out Cpaelites.com which is a shitty third world forum but you can atleast get some basic information and knowledge there.Then simply get traffic, as easy as that.
Via youtube, facebook or seo.picNo, just a bit scammy.
First of all, loose any morals you have left.>implying /pump&dump/ has any morals left
thanks brother.
how long did it take for you to get income like that?
well, what I'm doing is basicly baiting kids and gullible people into paid sim subsription while promising some kind of ingame currency (clash royale gems etc.)
as an incentive.Pretty evil imo, but worth the money.Pic related are the daily earnings of a guy i know.
I'm a joke next to him since he actually makes a living using this shit.like a year I guess, figuring everything out and shit.
Why is the logo so low res
back to /gd/honestly though, no clue and don't care.
well, what I'm doing is basicly baiting kids and gullible people into paid sim subsription while promising some kind of ingame currency (clash royale gems etc.)
as an incentive.like youre in chats shilling them?
how does that work
just an example video i picked:https://youtu.be/o2TjyMOgpZQimagine this but instead of installing an app, you complete a subscription.
I remember doing this pajeet shit when i was 16.
Then i started doing real affiliate marketing.
Not only does this way of incentive marketing feel like shit, it makes you feel like a filthy pajeet you can make a lot more if you put in the same time promoting actual products.
>comfyaffiliate marketing is anything butyou work hard consistently to scam people and make the world worsemeanwhile i invested my neet savings into ethereum at $20 and now i can buy sweet gifts for my girlfriend and family
no lol.I have a few yt vids ranked that get me all my traffic, ain't doing shit.
fucking lol at that stolen voiceover and the absolute retardation in the comment section.Be honest with us OP, how hard is it to make money on this?
Is it illegal?
And are there so many people doing it now that it's impossible to gain traction?