OMG vs REQOMG is overhyped and uses questionable hyping tactics.YCombinator's aggression is extreme.
Prepare for the ReQoning.You have been warned.
Or hold both and stop the fudding you pajeet
Excluding "hyping tactics" - which is essentially limited to 4chin running with the sk8board maymay or understanding that OMG does not equate to Omise (at this point), in what way do you feel REQ is better than OMG?
Sources appreciated.
lol nice try, pajeetwhite paper ICO vs an existing multilmillion dollar company with hundreds of employees, recognition by a national government, and close collaboration with joseph poon and vitalik himselfoh yes, totally comparable.
muh flippening soon!
You forgot about YCombinator.
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
OMG will slaughter Request and it's followers.
Or hold both you poorfag
implying chink cultures can hold a candle to the power of the west
that's why you buy king btc and never have to worry about the fucking competition
enjoy your useless bags after november 11th
Still looking for a response to my post, see Thanks.
http://spec-rationality.com/request-network/#8Novburningstakinging bankycallows normies to use without the need of cryptosyour move anon
YCombinator is extremely aggressive
wow get rekt omisegoys
allows normies to use without the need of cryptosso does OMG thoughHowever, Req's system is much cleaner, superior and provides more flexible solutions when needed and simpler solutions when needed.
OMG is probably going to cost more to transfer through in general.
Kind of like payment and shapeshift in 1.It will get REQ'd.
The Omisego CEO can't even write proper english sentences.
The roadmap is a joke.
No code, no dev team.
OmiseGo is the greatest meme of crypto
to be fair REQ's white paper doesn't have perfect english either.The main thing i like REQ is the continuous payment system they discussed
 Interesting.
I'm not too familiar with the benefits of burning, besides what everyone hopes increases the price, so if anyone wants to chime in on that.OMG also will allow stakingOMG also, has partners with multiple banks and the Thai Banking system OMG's whole business model is to allow normies to use without the need of crpyto.
It's in their motto.
While YC will be a nice collaborative effort, the world is still, slowing adopting crpyto.
It's easier to use uber and AirBnB than to switch to crpyto.
OMG has leading crpyto developers behind it - really making any argument that OMG is a scam to line Jun's pockets or Vitalik's pockets null.
Additionally, OMG isn't focused on NA markets.
Their goal and focus is to conquer SEA, which is where the bulk of mobile payment market is located.
burning lowers the supply, the lower the price of REQ the more it burns until it eventually balances.You don't need to use crypto to use REQ hence the "allows normies to use REQ " lineOne of their main purpose is to connect cryptos to normies without needing the normies knowing how the system works and making them learn about new things they don't care about learning.
Unless req enters the sea market and actually steals customers from omise, THEY ARE NOT COMPETITORS IN ANY WAY AT ALL
Vital337 is probably just still helping omg and kyber because he agreed to even though he doesn't want to.
It's also impossible to know the extent of his involvement.
He's working hard on other stuff atm.
For all we know he just gave some general advice early in the project.
It's not like he's actually coding their product himself.Did I mention YCombinator is extremely aggressive?
went balls deep
Also read https://blog.request.network/omisego-vs-request-network-a-detailed-analysis-779d1f66675bThey're not meant to be competitors.
However in an investment POV REQ is the way better choice considering it's hasn't even been a month since it came out and it hasn't been pumped yet.
He's working on Plasma, which is directly related to OMG.
req is partnered with ing, lets see omg beat that..According to the Fortune Global 500 in 2012, ING was the world's largest banking/financial services and insurance conglomerate by revenue with gross receipts exceeding $150 billion per annum; overall, it was the 18th largest corporation by revenue.
[5] As of 2013, ING served over 48 million individual and institutional clients in more than 40 countries, with a worldwide workforce exceeding 75,000.
The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index
good boi.Also, everyone, remember.
REQ can be used for any kind of IOT payments so long as Ethereum gets updates that make it scale well transaction/second wise.OMG has no such ambition, and presumably, no such capacity.
Only the companies receiving IOT payment would need to hold the REQ.
It's glorious.
That "IOTA" garbage that would require everyone to hold IOTA will be dead on arrival after a year of REQ actually being integrated into payment services.
REQ will use plasma too, you sound like a OMG holder just trying to FUD REQ when in reality you should be holding both
Of course, no argument there at this point, and I agree with you.
Omise will probably rebound to about $10 EOY, it's raised what, 1,300%?
I'm all on board for REQ to pump, the tech is solid, I just try to inform the misinformed when it comes to the two as it implies ones better than the other when they both serve the same purpose.
Been hodling OMG and it's been nothing but good to me.
Sorry but... nah.
Ah, thought we we're having a good conversation, guess I was wrong, nowhere have I fudded REQ.
No dev team How can people be so fucking stupid
The only way they don't "serve the same purpose" is that REQ will be able to do everything OMG does but also more.The comparison made by that REQ guy that tried to de-escalate tendencies towards comparisons was just a way to avoid REQ being subject to things like this thread and being volatile at every news of OMG success or failure.
Thanks, I've wanted to save this pic.
The fact that you guys are discussing this properly about request means it a clear indicator to buy.
REQ is the biggest shitcoin that models after OMG, their "developers" even admit that OMG is superior to their product.
Glad you like it, I made it :)
this
of course everyone here knows REQ is a solid project.
The people you see complain about REQ are typically the ones that bought at ICO price and sold at a loss cause they don't know how to be patient.
(I bought majority of my REQ at .000206)
source?if not stop making things up.
keeping this on watchlist, mainly because of YCI have a friend that is going some work with techstars, I'll see what info he has on this project
Request: A decentralized network for payment requests.
A universal invoice platform.
(analogy: If PayPal was open sourced, decentralized and standardized)OmiseGo: A settlement system between eWallets (analogy: SWIFT between Venmo and Alipay, allowing you to send between both; technical terms: Clearinghouse and liquidity provider between eWallets)all this FUD is for no reason at all lol
I have large stakes in both, same with NEO and ETP, to early to call who wins it, diversify.
https://www.reddit.com/r/omise_go/comments/6yugpa/omisego_vs_request_network_a_detailed_analysis_we/REQ will ride on OMG's dick.
Omise is already a real company, REQ is a team full of bizraeli shitposters who're scamming you off your cash, good goyim.
REQ will ride on OMG's dickOMG may not have as explosive gains as REQ but they both have a lot of potential to do well.
i have a heavier stake in OMG than REQ
4257815REQ offers a couple more use cases though, for one you can use it to audit, another would be continuous payments and payroll.
This thread is idiotic, both will moon.https://blog.request.network/omisego-vs-request-network-a-detailed-analysis-779d1f66675b
Yeah, I don't see OMG doing nearly as much or really sweeping the markets, especially if their focus is the ladyboys in South Asia.
If you actually read it carefully he claims that Req and OMG have different use cases but if you think about the concrete things he says, Req can actually fill every use OMG does and most of them far more efficiently and better.
That is on top of having more uses.The analysis was written by a Req guy that didn't want to Req to be constantly seen as "that competitor to OMG".He is very lowkey illustrating that REQ is in a whole other higher class of its own compared to OMG.YCombinator is extremely agressive.
The difference is, REQ has no foundation.
OMG has its foundation in Omise.REQ is just anotha' shitcoin for da goiz.
OMG actually is capable of happening.
YCombinator is extremely agressive
OMG has a pre-existing customer base, yes.However, YCombinator is extremely aggressive.
Remember uber and air bnb.
It's cumming.
It's also valued almost 20x low marketcap than OMG atm, which more than compensates for OMG's potential real world market volume head start.Remember, request doesn't even need normies to adopt it.
Amazon could use request for payments without any hassle from the end-user.
Same with ebay and alibaba.
Shhhh let them hold onto their delusions.
Seriously at this point it's like saying "sirs"
>OMG market cap: $800 million>REQ market cap: $36 millionAll I need to know which coin has a better growth potential going forward.
4258109>YCombinator staffer busts down my door>Not again I already bought 300k REQ>This time is girl 9/10>"hey anon we heard about your purchase">she begins to undress>"how about you come over here and lose your virginity">"I-I'm not-Sure" >begin fucking>mid way through sweaty sex notice zipper on girls neck>"Whats this?"
>pull zipper noticing that the girls face is a mask>under the mask is a man>fuck its that first YCombinator staffer that smashed my windows he laughs and begins to dissolve into a corrosive gas.>Burns my skin, I'm still a virgin and now I'm covered with scars.How much REQ do I need to buy to get these fuckers to leave me alone?
can you stop it with the really aggressive meme, at least mix up your lingo to show or pretend that you are somewhat business savvy you fucking pajeet
ATLEAST 1 MM
Don't be stupid, the west BTFOs the east precisely by changing the game to where it wins when the east wins.
Investing in shit like OMG is exactly how we continue to win.
> an Asian regional platform vs a worldwide payments system with access to YC alumni and ING contactsReally makes you think
you're an autistis piece of shit and SQ is going to be bought by uber for a hundred a share and change, and both by aapl, and all three by my bank account after I'm done birthing you.
I don't know what you're talking about but I think you just made me cum.
You're almost as aggressive as YCombinator.
what did i just read
Payment platform for Third World jungle Asians on their shitty ass mobile phones versus the Blockhain equivalent of PayPal.And this:But really, I don't need to sell this to anyone.
Got my 200K REQ and I'll see you retards around this time next year with about 100 BTC worth.
Req literally a white paper and a dream
C U T I E