Post your Blockfolio on the eve of Operation Dragonslayer
Am I going to make it?
I regret selling my BCH, but overall I'm happy (but cautious).
Quite comfy desu desu
WHY IS EVERYONE HERE RICHER THAN MEWHY AM I THE ONLY ONE SEEING NEGATIVE GAINS TODAY
I'm ready.
>yfw when you are in the center of the events that will shape the future
Why not bet on BCH at least a little bit?
I did, lost some money, and decided to keep more BTC instead.
IIRC I sold it at around 0.128 BTC.
I'm still kicking myself.
I’m going all in on two long shots.
Wish me luck I’ll be back in 2018From here on out only buying ETH with my $3,000 EOY bonus and $500 I put in savings every month
Not gonna make it :^(
nice folio, anon
I also panick sold a few BCH below 1.3Bad memories
Fundamentals edition.
Fuck "store of value".
I'm all in on alts.
In terms of USD amounts:LINK > ARDR = REQ = POWR = SUB = ZEN > QSP = RCNWill I be rich in 2018?
I can't help but feel my holds are patrician af.
I'm selling my stuff to max out my ETH holdings for some stability.
I've also got my eye on WanChain, Raiden Netowrk and VeChain.
Isn't China the dragon tho?
So you do you little chink btches think you're gonna be slaying?
Shill me on LRC.
I declined snagging some cheap bags today.
Am I going to make it?
>tfw all my money is tied up in link and odn
You might lose almost everything over the weekend.
Why not have at least 1 to 1 BTC and BCH?
Dude if you're a poorfag, just go all in alts like me.
Here's my bags: 

Holding that much btc, when it's stale afCan someone here tell me why they like link so much?
Was does it have over aeternity?
AE has a higher market cap.You're going to make it.Starting making plans to move to a second world country and cash out.You'll do fine anon.Why the fuck do you have such tiny holdings?
Sold one BCC at 1.9 today to archive my NEO goal of 700
My alt choices which I have been holding for a month (except fpr QSP ehich was bought on the recent dip)are paying off, 5k to almost 7k in a few days and rising.
BTC value is finally catching up since the JUSTing since September.
ETHOS - getting hammered today and 110 OMG isn't that tiny considering I just started a month ago with $400 and worked up to this, plus cashed out my original $400 investment.
I'm hoping OMG will be a 3 figure coin by EOY 2018 and ETHOS a 2 figure coin (Around 50) by EOY 2018 and by 2019 hoping to have at least 500,000 invested.
I'm not one of those morons who thinks owning 10,000,000 LINKS is going to make me a billionaire.
I studied these two coins in depth and believe they will be big.
OMG is almost guaranteed and ETHOS solves a ton of problems we all face with having to many wallets, also makes exchanging and predicting investments easier.
I may buy some NEO but I'm still not sold on it, and of course I'm going all in on ETH from here forward.
You need more high ceiling alts if you want to retire soon.
I do tend to like CVC a lot.
I sold alot alts lately.
Zrx for example, might rebuy some before bitfinex dies.Also I have 300 000 Wysker tokens which will be unlocked end of January 2018 worth around 16 ether.I don't take any advice thought.
Made this from an initial investment of 2000€ in late March
1000 horn st
700 NEOthinking of your longterm gains makes me drool a bit