Is it worth holding on to LTC or am I the only one?
ure not teh only one holding this shitcoin
was about to sell my entire stack of ltc yesterday that i bought at 50$ and put into WTC but decided to hodl only one
I'm hodling my measly 3.5 LTC.
Seems like a technically superior product to BTC, and is also more likely than most alts to gain any sort of wider use as a currency.
But I'm stupid as shit so maybe that's not sound reasoning
I'm there with you.
It feels boring but I still think it hits 100$ by the new year.
The Coinbase is strong with this one
Yea im holding some of these as well.
Im a master at the litecoin market and have made thousands of dollars many times.
I just bought my LTC back at 50 dollars and im waiting for it to hit 90 or 100 at some point here before christmas.
Its a boring ass coin but you know your not going to lose your money and it will always eventually get pumped.
sell now>people were buying ltc because they were scared 1x bitcoin would die when 2x took over>litecoin would have been exactly the same as 1x bitcoin x officially dead now anyway>no need for litecoinpointless hodl desusell now at a highbuy zencash
Zencash is for pajeets.
Hold ETH and LTC.
Bitcoin takes too fucking long and the transaction fees are kike-tier.
Litecoin only takes a couple minutes and a few cents.
I think it does a great job as store of value, also transactions are fast and cheap.
I hold 20 of them because i think they are undervalued and should go up to at least 100$.
It caught my attention when i was moving crypto between different exchanges and found that LTC got me the fastest transaction and never crashed (except for euphoric ath situations that affected the whole market).
LTC is probably the most normie-friendly coin out thereWhen it crashes, it crashes the least.
It's readily available on the most popular exchange, it's fairly simple and it has a big enough market capLTC should be a part in any portfolio IMO, and now isn't a bad time to buy in
Not as long as Vert, Groestl and Feather are a thing.
Why are you smiling?
WTC is up 50%
Gtfo with that trash.
If we learned one thing from bitcoin, its the power of branding in crypto.
And LTC is long enough in the game to appeal to normies.
LTC is a good coin, but it will go down, VTC will go up, not saying it will replace it, but for profit you might want to ride on the good train
4256272this makes me feel a little betterthis did not
imo, LTC is the best coin for low risky comfy gains in 2018.
Only alt I hodl besides ETH
Yeah this is the biggest threat...VTC simply has better tech, much like LTC has better tech than BTC...but tech doesn't matter, exposure does.
Just wait until LTC gets added to the Japan exchanges ;)
4256137It definitely seems like the safe and stable option.
I'd say hold a relatively small amount to balance out your higher risk investments but don't expect anything groundbreaking in terms of returns
It's a comfy coin to hold, slow growth and now it has mass adoption by the Koreans so the price will definitely increase over time as their trade volume increases.
But people will shit talk it because they have no patience.