How do I make 6 grand rather quickly?Currently stuck in Australia until I earn enough money to resettle in my home country.I've heard construction labor can pay up to a grand a week if I put in the hours.24 year old man, by the way.
buy bitcoin
Do you live in Queensland?
Near Brisbane at all?
Yes.
I am actually in Brisbane.
Living in a shitty old house up in Ascot.
yeah brisfags unite!currently working away from home atm in central qld but back to brissy soonwhy even move away from good ol brissy?also yeah do one of the trades, bulk money to be had
I'm American but my girl lives in Sunshine Coast, we met online a year ago (long story).
I'm going to go see her for the first time in a few months, is there anything you recommend doing in the area?
Because I've been away from my home country for almost a year, and I've gotten what I wanted out of my journey.I have about $800 to my name, which isn't even enough to get me a flight home.Brisbane is nice and all, but I'd rather get on with my life.Not really.
Alcohol is expensive, bars close early, and local sights are all tourist traps.
sunny coast- good sights around the area, lots of nice beaches etc.
fraser island, noosa etc.
you'll love it.
good time to come during summer
what qualifications do you have?I think you can maybe rack up a fair amount of seasonal work with the farms/abbatoirs?
None, except previous part time work.Currently working in a bar where I barely make rent and food money.
Bought a pair of steel cap shoes, and I'm gonna get a white card next paycheck and hit up construction sites in the neighbourhood and ask for work.
Traveling to the other side of the planet for some pussy
bump for help
bump again
What’s your home country?
not sure buddy.
what help are you wanting?plenty of job seek ads and employment agencies around the area i think?
>Came here thinking this would be "buy my bags" the thread>pleasantly surprised it wasn't
suck 6000 dicks at $1 each
begging relatives, payday loan/loansharkthat's really your only options for "quickly" so don't be such a fucking retard next time
GoFundMe assuming you have a compelling story and friends who might contribute
>buy $600 dollery doos of bitcoin>buy any lending platform at ico>hodl for 1 month>sell at 20x>profit
Invest in your country.Buy POWR
 If its a long distance relationship it is very likely to tun out badly, you have been warned.