Anyone else get their account frozen by Bitfinex?
I just got an email this morning from them.haven't logged in there in months evendidn't have any money on there but still, weird
I also got the acc frozen, got 2 btc's in.I was full verificated and didnt do anything weird...wtf now I didn't even listen at all that fud but now I'm really getting scared.
I got the same email but had nothing on there and haven't logged on since June
wtf so im not the only one.
Any suggestions?I had some coins in there too
Hey pajeets, you have new paper inatructions now?
NSA shill did not work and now you try to pretend it is coordinated shill.
Pathetic..
same.
cant get my money out
ITS HAPPENING SELL SELL SELL
Sell?
I dont want to sell, dont meme around like fucking retard.
I wanna withdrawal what is mine.
Starting to think the crypto game is easy if you're not a complete and total retard like some of the posters in this thread.
Obviously it was a fucking scam.
I can't believe people don't know how to think for themselves anymore.
not a scamdidn't click anything in the email but I can't logingives error 830
IT begins
Well, NOW I know bitfinex/tether is a scam, I didnt have proves before.ffs I really need to withdraw my money, Its all I've got
44846714484899Your memeing made me withdrew all my eth from bitfinex.
It took me 3 minutes, everything went fine as always.
You owe me 0.01 eth of withdrawal fees now
proofs?
Aha, okay,NOW FUCKEN TRY TO WITHDRAW at least 1500+ of ETH or 50+ of BTC, TRY IT I DARE YOU.IT DOES NOT FUCKEN WORK AND REMAINS IN PROCESSING STATE.Like it would care about your filthy 300 USD.
10 people on the whole internet can't make a withdrawal and it's mt'gox 2 instant.I've had withdrawals waiting for 24+ hours on bittrex too, and everything was fine.
Just network clogged.
https://etherscan.io/tx/0xfb0a692c67c529fde160557e486ee9c374a90acda72a9ff5ed871be764bb0bceIt says on their email, that massive withdrawals could take up to 24 hours>Please note that for security reasons, Bitfinex maintains limited crypto-currency balances in its on-line hot wallet.
Should your withdrawal exceed the available amount, Bitfinex will need to manually replenish the hot wallet and/or manually review and approve withdrawals, which may take up to 12 hours.
OKAY.NOW THEY HAVE DISABLED TETHER INSPECTORAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHhttps://wallet.tether.to/transparency
Are you from USA?
Because you where told to get the fuck off there by a deadline, i moved all my ETP to wallet
Check this outhttps://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/
The transparency page has been down for almost 2 days now.
cool, I'd still be careful with keeping cryptos on exchanges in general
Why do they need maintenance to update some made up numbers in a database?
cool, I'd still be careful with keeping cryptos on exchanges in generalyeah I know, bittrex blocked me out of my account a few months ago, hopefully I didn't have anything there.This tether conspiracy bullshit is so fucking stupid.
Bitfinex's got $1.2 billion daily volume, imagine how much money they make off the trading and withdrawal fees.
Why would they risk everything and kill the goose that lays the golden eggs
Why would they risk everything and kill the goose that lays the golden eggswhy would you use an exchange that can't give you normal currencies?
Then why the fuck don't they produce a fucking audit?
Why is that so god damn fucking hard?
Something is clearly not fucking right there.
They've most likely lost a shit ton of BTC or are dealing with some shady shit and don't want to get audited because they'll go bankrupt overnight.
Why would they risk everything and kill the goose that lays the golden eggsWhy do scammy criminals always be all scammy criminals when instead they can go to college, get a good job, climb the corporate ladder, and earn decent salary and have a family?Because they want profit now, and now's the time to cut lose and GTFO with all the cash before the cops show up.
Because they have 100x less money than their daily trade volume.
Artificial coins are fun but they dont have real money.