Are you wondering why salt is dropping?because SALT is fraud!medium.com/@saltisfraud/why-salt-lending-token-is-scam-e435b811f405
Except it's not dropping, it's up 50% in a month without even launching yet
It is -5% today.
fraud by Voorheesyou really think he went for scam?
medium.com/@saltisfraud/why-salt-lending-token-is-scam-e435b811f405This copy-paste FUD spread around here in late Oct. and again in early Nov., all from the same dude.
Someone trying to fill their bags cheap.
Can't blame them, this shit is hitting $10+ next month.
Yes sell now fast.no this has never been here before.
Article is a joke.
Get lost you SALTY fag
I am afraid of that your mother is joke.
its not dropping faggot, it found a new floor at 3.5 after the flippening, it was stuck at 2.5 before that
>Salt is facing a SEC reculations because it is abusing SBLOC terms>reculationsAt least SALT could hire a crack team of spellcheckers for their whitepaper.
Looks like at least a few people fell for this.
I need to start putting moonshot buy orders 4 pages down the book
by Cryptocurrency ProfessionalThe most desperate FUD ever.
you know it is salt is centralized platform, which promises no value to tokens.
It can crash anytime to 0$ sell fast or leave behind.Buy bitcoin cash or Dash!
medium post>legit author name>legit 1 follower>legit 1 postyep its legit aint it
One retard violently shitting on his keyboard does not constitute an article.
Fuck you OP you fucking nigger.
I'm wary of SALT because of the people involved and wanted to hear more, and you make me lose 5 minutes reading your verbal diarrhea.
Kill yourself you mongoloid.
Here's hoping it moons to $20 so your fatass gets a panic attack and your mind breaks like the chink who used to post that spider vitalik ethereum fud for months.
Fucking loser
salt max value is $25 token.
probably not worth hodling, wait for breakout and buy on a day trade.
Which token promises value you fucking moron?
They will increase their platform price when market price approaches $25 dumbass