Bch predictions for tonight/tomorrow?
.4 tonight
would like the Koreans to pump like the whore they wish they could have
Bch: omae wa mao shinderuBtc: nani??
Please dear god, I want my money back.
I don't want to play w/ these volatile coins anymore.
mfw that would make me $40k
Everything is primed and ready.
Now we just wait on Roger and Jihan to pump it.
.0004 by tonight
4:30 we start
This fucking stalemate is killing me.
RSI lines are closing in on eachother.
It's going really up or really down in the next 5-8 hours.
Note im a korean we have just waken up.
Koreans alone cant pump this coin now.
No majority of volume is in our hand.
There's healthy distribution of volume across.
We look at USD and pump based on that.
If you guys raise 10 bucks we raise to 15 buck and so on
You chinks are better off thanking that Samsung money and flush it down the toilet.
Please tell me how your meal wasMickey D's outside the US are so much better
lel, korea has VAT tax?
.15
sucking cock all night long
Haha thanks guys my meal was great.
Yeah we have 10% tax on everything we buy.
Soon crypto too.
:( they are taxing the crypto as if it is a commodity soon.
Yeah anyways im expecting dumping soon tho.
So many bought at .4 line that many are dumping at huge loss.
That includes me :( im holding but whenever dumping starts, it breaks my heart.
Btw now the fork has been activated, BCH is officially most stable profitable coin to mine from thos point on.
I see steady increase in price over 2 months.
Cheers guys!!!
Fuck I just wished I rode the waves and sold at those 2 pumps at .24 today, its been going between .19 and .20-24 all fucking day.
it goes horizontal, can go up or down, but it looks like it will go up.I mean, BTC is not fucking working.A currency thats not functioning is worthless.
I got out on the second .24 bump today.
But I've lost overall, bought in around .26 Saturday night and didn't stay awake to sell :/
Easy, tell them to use all exchanges not just one
then just buy the bottom which is around .20 (so right now is fine) and wait till it goes up again.
Also bithumb still has 32% of the total volume.
The other day it was 40%.
Isn't that enough?
Koreans use multiple exchanges hahha.
With recent bithumb incident of shuttong down at critical moment, majority of korean user moved out.
You'll find less volume being traded now.
On average we use 3 exchanges to leverage in between
Sorry to break it to you numbnuts but these scam artists aren't going to help you little people out.
They've already run away with your money
At this stage, Like everyone else, bitcoin cash is like attractive but bitchy girlfriend.
We want it to pump again but afriad we'll get stabbed in the back again.
Even though it has happened multiple times, we still want to fuck her so much by taking another risk hahahahah you'll see in 2 weeks everyone will start talking about bitcoin cash again hahahh just wait it out until ppl start reboots and take another look
I don't think it's going up again.
Not soon.
Saturday was clearly a well-executed a coordinated pump.
I don't see that same landscape forming now.
lol you timed your post perfectly to be as wrong as possible.
If Jihan and co really want BCH to be king they will want to strike while the iron is hot, which is asap.
BTC is wounded, dropped from 7.6k to 5.5k and it went a lil up, if bch misses the momentum they wont make it.
I think it will get to .5 before the month is over.
It's at .212 where I'm looking... right where it's been all day.
Ok I'm going to bed.
Where should I set my sell order?
$2000 easily
.05 or 5
.5 or .6 tonight
You guys do know the price doesn't just increase because you want it to, right?
I left r/BitcoinCash to get away from that nonsense.
I was told this is where the real fuckers talk trade.
:1
really,,,?
Yup, lol.
Many redditors credited /biz/ with influencing their large returns on several altcoins.
As much as I like this train, it's going to get dumped, they need to act before mainstream media will catch up on what's going on.
I've already seen some shit storm on Facebook about BCH conning people to buying 'counterfeit Bitcoin', that's how it's seen by public.
fuck...
Good thing whales are not normies
implying western media has any effect on anything
Nobody will want to have anything to do with a 'counterfeit' coin.
This is a huge stigma emerging.
Also, the most important investors and rich people in finance ARE normies.
4348395BTC and BCH are inversely correlated.
If you want to avoid volatility just hold a roughly equal number of both.
there lots of people who want in on bch but are not sure, due to the possibility on dropping to .16 or something.
But that is almost impossible due to the "lots of people who want in on bch" they see the slightest chance that bch will go up the money will come flushing in just like last time.
There will be no flippening because the biggest whales are in btc and they simply wont let that happen.
But it will shoot up easily, i mean think of it: Coinexchange was at 0.7 last pump.
There IS more to come its like the big bitcoin raise concentrated in the time of 1 fucking nightNo bch = hate money
Bagholders expecting a miracle tonight lol thats cute but wont happen.
Back to 800$ in the next 12 hours.
Koreans are awake and they are not pumping this scam again.
You are fucked
Yeah those normies don't even look at altcoins.
It's all btc for em so it doesn't matter since they are not into this kek.
Kek you losers still don’t get that it’s a shitcoin.
Even Jihan is posting how it’s not bitcoin.
Those bags are only getting heavier
This.
It's absolutely fucking hilarious that people keep thinking it will replace BTC.It won't, nothing ever will.
4349533go to your designated shitting street
WE'RE BACK BOYS
most accurate prediction in this thread
$
Steady hold at 0.2 for 3 days, with slow loss of fiat value
Lol!!!
You guys know that?I found a cool coin group.They gave me the signal before the BCH, DASH coin rises.
(I've tripled my money)I am making enough money now and I am going to make more money in the future.I would like to share this opportunity with some of you who have seen my writing.The address is t.me/DvaPump.Take the opportunity of your life not to be twice again!
This is what will kill /biz/, oversaturation from normies.
Yeah all those screenshots didn't change anything at all.
Thinking about quitting this shitcoin and go all in on link.
But I'm right you retarded nigger monkey.And if it kills the entire market it's fine for me as long as I make money fuck everyone else.
xD posting this to r/btc right now brother, death to btc long live bcc!!!!!
steady hold>slow loss of fiat valueAre you Down syndrome or something?If btc goes up and bch is stuck at 0.2.. what's gonna happen?Fucking retarded
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills.
I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces.
You are nothing to me but just another target.
I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words.
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet?
Think again, fucker.
As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot.
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life.
You’re fucking dead, kid.
I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands.
Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit.
If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue.
But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot.
I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it.
You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills.
I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces.
You are nothing to me but just another target.
I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words.
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet?
Think again, fucker.
As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot.
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life.
You’re fucking dead, kid.
I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands.
Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit.
If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue.
But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot.
I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it.
You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
Lel, you are so mad.
Poor boy.
PUMP INCOMING
not everyone's gonna trust bithumb after yesterday
this is hilarious.most of the good info comes from pump and dump groups and early adopters giving people tips after accumulation is done or to sow seeds for future fomo.most of the people here are unpaid interns lmao
dead by morning
Yeah, you're obviously from reddit.
.15 btc and then bounce back up to 0.18-0.20pls I need some of my money back and I'm better at catching knives than riding pumps
someBODY HELP ME GET RID OF THESE BCH BAGS THIS IS LIKE THE 3RD DAY THE FLIPPINING IS SUPPOSED TO HAPPENAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PUMP INCOMING T MINUS 5 MINUTES
there's no way you'd know this, you're not speaking in mandarin or koreanbtw anyone know any god tier korean crypto image boards?
All you bitches on /biz/ that bought 1800+ and are whining like 5 year olds about getting your money back need to get the fuck out of crypto.
You're all dog shit traders.
BCH is gunna rise to whatever you fucking bought in at, you'll sell and then its just gunna keep going up and you'll lose.
You lost when you bought in, youre gunna lose when you sell./biz/ just full of BCH holders bitching about getting out, well when you sell you'll be fucking yourself again dumb whiney bitches
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE PUMP ITS BEEN 5 MINS
im supposed to do the opposite of what /biz/ says though
I'm still holding these fucking bags too.
I just need it to get to .22 to exit even ffs wtf
BCH now at 30% hashing power.I'm agnostic on this, all iterations of BTC are trash, but cash is about to pump for certain.
then why does it keep going down
Because the market doesn't care about hashrate until the BTC network becomes congested.
Give it a few hours, if this trend continues we'll have a similar situation to the other night, with BTC essentially trapped in wallets.
I bet you 147 million bitcoin that doesn't happen.
What we really need is a trigger date and time, predetermined.It has to be public knowledge.
The prior pump was started in Korea but the impression is, it was a reaction to the Hard fork cancellationWe need a time and date which rationalizes for everyone a reason to make the switch en masse.
4348308its dumping you gullible fucking idiots.
Why would you ever *sell* your btc
two weeks27-11-2017 flip day.
Okay.Time when (UTC?)
this board is cancer, hope 4chan shuts down soon
Bch predictions for tonight/tomorrow?Dead (again, at least until the next Jihan certified pump)
WE COULD HAVE HAD IT ALLLLLLLL
Need a translation or at the very least a link so I can google translate that shit
Bitcoin Cash is currently in the accumulation phase of a textbook Wyckoff Distribution.
it will challenge Bitcoin Core for #1 in market cap by next week at the latest.
buy now and hold
No, it's dying.
It's the page bithumb put up during the crashbasically it says maintenance
4350959Mempool is increasing in size again.
People could easily panic again.
Mempool is increasing in size again.>It's already below the previous low before that riseAnon don't lie to people
>deluded cashtards dont realize that the price wont stop bleeding since the pump is over and dump has already happenedStay poor
wonderful rebuttal, pajeet.
core has deposited 10 sats into your account
Hurr durr, who the fuck spams low fee transactions at this situation?
Not jihan and roger, to keep this mempool meme alive
Oh bro I'm sure as fuck something shaddy went down right there beyond the ddos.
Sold 3 mins before this farce of a dump.
I'll need a gif of that anon
Yeah bithumb was ddossed and coins dumped elsewhere.
https://youtu.be/EHfJ4hvna5cIn this livestream you can see how massive the volume pump was>Price moving back and forth hundreads of dollards every second
I'm not lying, these spikes are getting larger and larger, and the network becomes ever more unusable.
https://youtu.be/bRRHu067F9sFrom 00:01:40 onwards you can see CLEARLY how the volume was artificially pumped
Yeah but without spam, and segwit being adopted we are nowhere near problem
Well, if it's this easy to spam the network it seems like a real problem.
GMT+1(not many people here are oging to get that reference)
It costs them money.
They threw everything they had at this and failed.
meant to quote
It didn't cost them money though.
See the graph , those 0-5 sat/B transactions didn't get processed, they dropped out of the mempool because they timed out.Miners include the highest fee transactions possible.
From the graph you can see that the mempool has cleared down to ~200-220 sat/B at the lowest.So if your spam transactions have a low enough fee, you won't even lose money on them because they will expire before ever getting included in a block!!
As we see with the 0-5 sat/B transactions in this latest BTC dip.