I was all in alts but used them to purchase ~19 bitcoin at $7500.
At the time it dropped to low $6000's so I bought BCH at $2150.
Now I'm all in BCH.And I'm patiently waiting for that flippening I think 90% of you said would happen.
You know, when bitcoin and bitcoin cash flipped in value.
WHEN IS IT HAPPENING?
SHOULD I JUST TAKE MY LOSSES AND BUY BTC BACK?
>He believed in 'the flippening'It ain't happening for a long time man, and when it does it won't be a BTC fork
You listened to paid Russian shills.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
larping as a loser to try and FUD BCHanother one
> flippening will happen over a weekendholy fuck how stupid are you kids?
btc has been here for over a decade, it's not gonna die over a day u dumbasses, the flippening is supposed to be gradual because the most important thing is exchanges starting to accept them as the real bitcoin and more business adoption
When Korea wakes up to cheap coins
Repeat after me:"Buy high, sell low",that's the way we roll.FUD the pumpso, the coin I'll dump.The Lambo I lust,but the wallet JUST.Short the bull,long the bear.Leverage for lull...Dreams into thin air!Even a tiny drop and I fold!No rebounce to my weak hands..."Trend's changing!
Set the strong hold!
",My bad!
It forever descends...The whale is Yellow,the dollar is green.Pink Wojak fellow,hold this bag you're so keen.
Yes buy back BTC high now, make to sell when it dips back to 7200
BQXthank me later OP when you see 60x returns by EOY 2018 (It's the next LTC) Also I'm in a PnD group this weekend watch your prices non-stop and Dump your BCC Saturday night / early Sunday morning when it hits back to 1800+ (We are hoping for 2,200) Tip some BCC for this Tip1Yi3E9ShD7zmQZEpFtPndfiSLEoHFeECc

lol, you know this will probably happen...
you can't just look at the number of posts fuckwitthe people arguing for btc were making legitimate points (no trading pairs, too much invested, etc.
)the people shilling for bch were just memeinglrn2 critical thinking and maybe next time you won't lose
I worked hard for my bitcoin cash, I'm not selling.
I'm still really bullish for this coin even if most people aren't.
https://www.yours.org/content/bitcoin-cash---dealing-with-winter-b69700ffef22