The man who literally bought 30k bitcoins at 800 dollars each now picks this company.
Tim is the fuckin crypto oracle.
RCN is gonnna moon like crazy.
Already edging up!
Uhh because I'm in ETP already.
I got in at 500 dollars with my mc Donald's money and I don't consider myself a genius, this guy was just already rich
He bought 30k BTC at $300 and street value at the time was $550 and sold his share of Skype for over a billion.
Next year when RCN is $5 people will be talking about how he invested in RCN when it was 0.8
Dude bought Bancorfido too
Babe...Please don't compare me to an outright scam like that ever again.
please exit all alts nowit's happeningBCH is rallyingmayhemthere will be bloodddddd
I haven't heard about this until today, but 58m market cap and only 11 cents - doesn't look like too bad of a gamble, even just throwing a couple hundred bucks at it.
CONfido was a con and RIPio will rip me off
You and many others, this is a lambo ticket 2019 20x+
Lol retards, shoulda bought it at the all time high around $0.25 like me, you'll never make it.And for the record OP, I bought buttcorn at $200.
Doesn't mean I'm an intelligent investor I just follow the meme train.
full disclaimer to this company's business modelif they can't secure co-signers in countries they want to operate in then their entire model is dumped.
without this localizing factor the credit network eats shit and lets be real about a few things here, banks will not relent easily and will leverage their political capital to prevent ripio's network from entering their territory
Good info, thanks.
I was swinging most of portfolios position on this so I'm glad I'm mostly out right now, I'll definitely downsize my hold until I hear confirmation.Maybe I'm dumb but I thought they already had a working product and existing costumer base?
They already have a customer base, in argentina.
The rcn exchange alpha just released to whitelisted people only.
Don't let this pleb get in your head.
Main reason it isn't being shilled like link or other garbage is because the devs actually work on the product rather than market shit.
1/4they have an existing business (https://www.ripio.com/en/) and customers to easily sell this to.
Thats huge for adoption.
Thats why OMG is what it is.
Do you deny this?The ICO pre-sale had NO BONUSES.
Do some googling please.
But even if there were, what does Tim Draper have to gain from making 10% on 10 Million?
When you're in the billions you're only concerned with making 100s of millions.
Thats why they invest in ICO and HOLD.
Maybe he'll dump some when its 3-400M market cap, probably not till its nearing a billion (est.
Q1 2019) or more.Its a little pumped right now but may not go much lower.
Long term it won't matter.Market cap= 67 Million.What problem it solves: A global peer-to-peer credit network based on co-signed smart contracts.With RCN you aren't limited to just borrowing crypto (btc,eth etc) you can borrow any currency in the world.
(USD,CAD,YEN)The RCN team has over 15 developers and genius advisors such as Sergio Lerner the cofounder of rootstock.Key investors= Bilionaire Tim Draper; The guy that found skype in 2005 and sold his share for 1 billion USD recently, the guy that bought 30,000bitcoin from the us goverment during the silk road closure.Bilioniare Lu Guanqiu ceo of the company Fenbushi Capital;Once called “China’s Elon Musk” for buying out an American hybrid-electric car company,Lu Guanqiu is the founder of Wanxiang Group, one of China’s largest automotive parts manufacturers.^ These guys do not fuck around google there history.This coin was added on bittrex A WEEK AFTER being released.
Name one coin recently that was added to bitterx instnatly?
This coin is serious...do you think these billionaires would invest in this coin if it wasn't going to literally 50x?
Follow the smart money /biz/ It literally is around ICO price
/4In developing countries such as in South America, it has been reported that up to 65% of the population are Unbanked and may have no access to Credit Facilities through traditional banking.
Ripio intends to solve these problem by providing these users with an alternative Credit Facility.
The Ripio Credit Network works to connect borrowers, lenders, and other network agents all over the world, allowing each one of them to manage the credit in their local currencies, as long as they have Internet access.How does it work?The Network will consist of a Borrower, Lender, Wallet Provider, and Credit Exchange.
All of which will be connected through a Smart Contract.
The flow of money is as below:Borrower <- Wallet Provider <- Smart Contract <- Credit Exchange <- LenderTo illustrate:Let’s say Juan in Argentina wants to borrow $5,000.
Lin, who is halfway around the world in Shanghai is willing to loan him the $5,000 + 10% Interest.Once the terms are agreed, Lin sends the money through the Credit Exchange in Fiat.
The Credit Exchange uses that Fiat to purchase RCN Tokens to send it over to Juan’s Wallet Provider through a Smart Contract.
Juan receives the RCN Tokens and converts it back to Fiat.When it is time to repay the loan, Juan returns $5,500 through the same Channel, by using RCN Tokens as a medium.
The borrower receives Fiat after converting the RCN Tokens.All loans work on a Fiat basis between borrower and lender, by simply using RCN Tokens as a medium of exchange.What does this mean and how can we benefit from it?
There are 2 main ways to benefit from the Ripio Credit Network ecosystem:If you are a lender, you can lend in Fiat and earn interest in Fiat.If you are a RCN token holder, you will become a liquidity provider to facilitate the P2P loans, and earn through the increase in value of RCN Tokens.What value does the RCN token holders have and why should the price increase?
/4All RCN token holders will become liquidity providers.
For any loan to go through, RCN tokens will need to be purchased from the Market to facilitate the transfers.
The higher the number of transactions, the higher the demand for RCN, and thus the higher the Price of RCN tokens.Investment Proposition• The ONLY source of RCN Tokens at the moment are held by the public, as the Company’s tokens are locked for 1 year.• Ripio has an actual working product with 100k users, all 100k of whom will be migrated to the RCN Exchange next week!
- http://rcn.exchange/• Ripio themselves will be the first big lender, which means that they will go to the market and acquire the RCN tokens, generating demand.• As new credit exchanges and lenders join to the network there will be even more demand for the RCN token.• Top A-grade institutional investor such as Pantera Capital, Fenbushi (Vitalik Buterin's Fund), Tim Draper, Digital Currency Group, Medici Ventures, Huiyin Blockchain Ventures has invested in the companyWhat exchanges have listed RCN?• Bittrex (despite extremely strict with listing recently) • Binance • Huobi Pro • More to follow..My personal opinion:Being from a developing country myself, it is easy to underestimate the number of Unbanked people who have no access to Credit Facilities.
Like it or not, Credit is an essential part of expansion and development in an Economy.As for the Company, what makes Ripio stand out is the creation of a true Utility for their token, whereby all parties in the ecosystem are incentivized to use it and will benefit from it’s increase in Price.As Vitalik Buterin would say, the Crypto-Economics of their Model is spot on.
/4This is my personal opinion.
As always, do your own research and feel free to leave any comments or questions.TLDR;• RCN Tokens are used as “gas” to facilitate P2P loans• RCN Tokens have to be bought from the open market• Ripio themselves will act as lenders and purchase RCN Tokens from market• RCN Exchange launching next week.
100k users migrating• The higher the number of transactions, the higher the demand, the higher the price of RCN TokensFor an in-depth review, you can read their whitepaper, which is available at https://ripiocredit.network/The market for alternate finance gained popularity in recent years.
A finding by Transparency Market Research suggests that “the opportunity in the global peer-to-peer market will be worth $897.85 billion by the year 2024, from $26.16 billion in 2015.
The market is anticipated to rise at a whopping CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] of 48.2% between 2016 and 2024.”While Research and Markets estimates the global P2P lending market to grow at a CAGR of 53.06% during the five year period between 2016 and 2020.
Morgan Stanley in a report in 2015 predicted that such marketplace lending would command $150 billion to $490 billion globally by 2020.http://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-rise-of-peertopeer-p2p-lending-cm685513Ripio's value is not based on a coin gimmick, the tech behind RCN is nothing special.
Ripio's value comes from the fact that it has proven people going into an industry that is sure to rise and they will start making money in the near future, not 2-3 years from now, but NEXT year.
By april their roadmap will be complete.tldr; credit is huge market, stupid 3rd world countries gonna make us rich tim is smart
they do but only in argentina.they haven't tested their network cross bordermy background is in finance and i love what they are doing but regional politics and big dick banks are assholes that will get in the way
Can you address what the other guy said about the full disclosure and big banks shutting it down politically?
Reasonable FUD, thx
FYI, banks that get in first have more leverage than the ones who get in last.
Some return over no return.
he can't because he's not that well read about this project like mebut i'm hoping they figure it out.if it's any consolation, some aussie figured how to tokenize solar energy so this probably will work out
I assume the current price is a reasonable entry point?
I mean obviously we can't predict, but its short history doesn't look like the price has moved around too much.
anything below 2k is still a steal but if you're looking for an ultimate bargain wait for next weekyou'll get it for less than 1.2k
Yeah, I have more orders set where this guy said .
If you're real eager you could put some down right now, but it should drop steadily over the next week.
i tip my had to you sir.you're doing a great job crusading this project across these shallow boards.
I've been trying my best to explain this to everyone and when i do i also mention the downsides and risk associated.
so let it be clear to everyone.!!!!
this project is not perfect.
although it appears to be, hey at least they don't have skateboards and "announcements" every day/ ....damn OMG but if OMG was able to make those sick gains in a short period of time without any deliverables then RCN will make a big splash.First in Argentina.
then latin america then maybe indiaindia is in desperate need of better credit rates.
yeah mani'm expecting a fuckton of volatility during the next week and we know what happened to alts during the last "flippening" so why not wait a bit and grab it at lower prices.i bought in at 1700 sats thinking that was the floor but i was wrong and it actually reached mid 1100s.
fuck!i'm 100% cashed out for now and waiting for everything to take a haircut while BCH and BTC battle it out.
then i'm going heavy into POWR and RCN
when is RCN supposed to take off?
I'm interested, been watching it the last few days, but still doing my research.
What are the timelines you're looking at?
Thanks anon
broi'm going in heavy as soon as the shitstorm is behind usBitfinex and tether really put a good scare in methis is the calm before the storm.
i really think USDT was propping up the value of BTC which is not uncanny.
it's quantitative easing in it's simplest form.
so having said that, people are buying into a very bloated and manipulated coin (BTC).
it will crumble and if the miners are going to sabotage BTC and roger ver will pump BCH, it'll put the market in a frenzy.so buying in when the storm settles because i have a very strong feeling that the price will dip
Wouldn't it make sense to buy now, since whatever you hold will have greater value of quantity?
nein.you'll have more bang for your buck when it takes a 200-300 sat haircut
Get in on this dirty argentine coin or you'll have some major Ragrets
So are you not currently holding btc?
Unfortunately hiccup but was sort of expected.
Pretty sure some sort of agreement will be made in the future.
im out boysenjoy the FUD and FOMO.
november 9 through 11 sucked
Why the hell wouldn't you buy /biz?Because I don`t like shitcoins.
Care to elaborate?
Do you mean when it plummeted from 2k to 1k?
Classic case of sell the news, anyone who didnt sell the day before and rebought at 9 cents is an idiot.
This is great for long term hold but you can still make money day trading it.
Buy at 9, sell at 16cents
This
do you think we can do it again before this coin gains real value?
im scared to try to flip flop my bag every time it goes up.
This is hard to say because this coin is relatively guarenteed to go up in value upwards of 60 -90 cents before April but the question is when.
I can't predict the future so i only day trade with half of it and hold the rest and when I buy back in I readd half of that into the hold stack
So they say that 65% of Latin americans do'nt have access to banking products?
Can someone verify this?
If this is true and they can generate a stream of income for a co-signer I think I've been putting my money in all the wrong places
I've been swing trading and growing my stack to around 300k but want 500k ASAP.
This coin looks really promising
Couple of nice green dildos on the 30.
BCH MOOOOOOONINGthat's scary
Draper also dumped his pre-sale Tezos tokens on all the tards who bought because of his name.
tezos.....what a disasteri hear there's a law suit going on
Fuck Draper, there are other good investors.
Fenbushi, Pantera, etc and hey check this out.
Founder was on CNBC Africa lol pajeets.youtube.com/watch?v=1mFvIr2YenM&t=21m54s