I just moved all my bag into Bitcoin Gold.
Laugh all you want but this is gonna moon.
>Laugh all you want but this is gonna moon.hahhah hah hahhah ha hahSeriously though good for you it might go farther.
Remember to cut your gains quickly when it drops though.
There's no future for this coin.
So any reasons why or just because it went up in price?
What stopped you from buying earlier?
Well duh, all shitcoins are for pump and dumping.
/serious/is it possible we may have brushed off this coin?
GPU mining allows for the mining pool to be less concentrated.
Seems like maybe thats a good thing?
I have no idea though.
Just holding what I have from the fork regardless.
Premine and fees going to the creator are whats stopped me.
A lot of alts do this better.
Also BTG devs are scammy and did scammy things
All shitcoins are centralised messes, beeteegee included.The mining centralisation is a big meme since anyone can buy ASIC units, and the chinese monopolies on bitcoin mining is about to be proken by the russians and the japanese.
ill have to look into this thank youi know u can buy a miner from bitmain and all but btcg sounds interesting almost exclusively because it could be mind similiar to monero using coinhive like scripts and all.
russians and the japanese.forget about russia.i'm sure it will never happen or will happen pathetically laughable with very slow under-performing outdated farms of some kind.but someone totally will get rich while doing so on state sponsored money.japan on other hand probably will make some amazing fucking waifu-grade-miners.
you can hug and cuddle with while its working
and i'm Russian so you should trust me :Di know how things get "done" in "our" country (its not "our" since 1912 useful idiots catastrophe)
Look, i know russians aren't people, but neither are the chinese and yet look at the current shitshow.Yes, of course fellow humans like the japanese can be counted on, but do not discard the russians so fast.Subhumans can sometime surprise you.
/fa/
dude ....this country is over.soon will turn into Islamic country just like most european ones (well maybe apart from glorious Poland or something).
It's still not worse than any other coin desu.
its less than 1%.
compare it to eth lel