VTC is set to go off again.The price only dipped a bit during the BTC/BCH war last night and is already back to where it was and climbing.
The volume has been growing steadily since last night.
VTC was one of the largest gainers after S2X was called off, and has found a new floor, even with uncertainty in the market right now.
Koreans are disillusioned with BCH and have already shown their affinity towards ASIC resistant coins like GRS, FTC, and VTC.In line with the ASIC resistance is the VTC community's absolute dedication to decentralization and the project as a whole.
There is less demanding of devs to do something than there is of the community taking on projects and outreach themselves, which is a testament to how much people believe in the project.
The devs are also constantly churning out updates.Completed recently- Ledger nano s and Ledger Blue support- Tor wallet- LTC/VTC atomic swap- p2poolComing soon- AMD miner- iOS wallet- stealth addresses- block reward halving (inb4 priced in)The VTC community has grown a huge amount in the last month, and is frequently discussed here and on the reddit cryptocurrency subreddit.I know a fair amount of people on here made some money on the ride from 1-2 to 5 USD and are looking at a good reentry point.
With the price around 4 and a strong price floor during large volatility throughout the whole crypto market, this is just waiting to take off again.I used my BCH gains to double my VTC last night.
I was trying to decide what the safest hedge with the most return was and I decided on VTC.
The community feels like the BTC community a few years ago.
It may end up politicized and centralized like BTC but I think it's important to support these projects while they still align with those values (and also make money while doing so).
What do you see it growing to?I've got about 700 in it.
This coin is the future.
answer me
My target is 10-12 USD
Nah GRS has way more potential.
Sure VTC could go to $10 but it's more likely GRS goes to $3.
Way better ROI
timeline realistically?
i'm fine with waiting but i like to know.
gonna probably dump another 1K in them,
GRS is not even ASIC resistant.
They said so in the ama.
really?
what's the timeline?
got a K to drop on something.
why do you think it's a better bet than VTC?
or should i hedge my bet on both?
GRS sucks and only people pushing is these days are the ones that got caught holding big bags after the dump
I have targets with GRS too, I just think VTC will be first, and GRS will react afterwards.
GRS also wasn't as reactive to the post S2X cancellation.
I think people are itching to get back into VTC and are just waiting for another sign.
-8 by the end of the week.
Price predictions on these kind of timelines are pretty much worthless.I am setting my sell price targets, and I will be monitoring the general crypto news if anything needs to be changed.All of this is done in order to increase my VTC stack as I believe it will steadily gain long term.
Actually the price is going up slightly while volume is going down.
It's going to dip soon.
solid coin.
TRUSTWORTHY.bought a ton of this 7 months ago as a random pick, has been one of my best performers.
I think the next big plays will be VERT and LTC.Lightening network plays.
I'm consistently blown away by the strength of the VTC community, moreso than almost any other coin
So comfy just holding this coin while all these retards stress trade their bch and btc.
Lets go boys, now is the time to buy in fast!
these sub 65k prices
sad thing is bitcoingold is coming tomorrow and VERTCOIN is still the better tech
Is it going to pump tomorrow because of bitcoin gold?
This coin is shit and its followers are worseReally the reddit coin
This is a cool thread and all and I like Vertcoin, I do, but the damn thing has been stuck between like 58k - 68k for like 3-4 days.
I suppose it's better than losing money, but like, I'm trying to figure out when this God damn coin gonna moon again.
I WANT TO BUY MORE BUT MY MOTHER FUCK BTC WONT CLEAR BITTREXREEEEEEEEEEEEKJHEJKENKLEFKFGEEEEEEOIFJEKJEFSJEFIJESOIJFJO
I fugged up yesterday, liquidated my BCH gains and bought VTC again (I sold some of my stack to get in some other coins.
I sold at $5.3, bought at $3.3) AT $4.2, thinking it was gonna go up immediately.
Could've bought so much more only had I waited
It will definitely moon in December.
It will gain a bit of momentum this month back over the $5 range once BTC has a stable upward trend again.
SAME ITS BEEN AN HOUR
I looked up Vertcoin and it has Segwit and will have Lightning Network.
LN is constantly argued to centralize the network.
Is this just BCH vs BTC fud?