Ok /biz/Real talkWhat's a realistic EOY price for ChainLink?All things considered, is it possible that it'll hit $0.50 before the end of the year.Also pls dont start with that bullshit "$50 EOY".
$300 by this time next year.
Check 'em
$50 EOYcap this
ONE MILLION DOLLARS
probably not more than 50cbut you heard Sergey at devcon, 1-2 years for a full API library$50 in 2019, buy more now, I'm upgrading my rank every couple days, look at the CMC list and top 10, there is literal trash sitting there with 2-3BN$ MC, Chainlink can be at least top3 coin assuming the MCs stay the same, but the entire crypto will grow in 2018Buy more, calm your tits and look for a nice lambo already
$500 by this time next year.
Check 'em
$10 next year?
$5 next year.
$0.50 max
I give up.
first dubs or trips in this thread predict the future for chainlink$0.20
if you examine the fundamentals, the product wont be in use EOY and there won't be much further developement.that means all information is currently priced in by market sentitment and there isnt any upward pressure due to demand to actual use.this means probably a realistic EOY price is .10. optimistic is .25.if there is new news, it could be .45
10 dollaridoos
ONE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS
$0.10
fucking digit jews
literally nothing will happen for the alts for another two years.
they will go up 40% then fall 50% and repeat over and over until you are broke.
Then I will pump the markets again-satoshi nakamoto, creator of bitcoin
.27 cents
Minimum 20 centsMaximum $1.50
DELUDED
Your asking what's the price on a project with no working substance.This is in the same realm as omg, but at least they've been shilling partnerships forever.Guy has been traveling and talking..so has blackmoon crypto and look at themIf it's ath was .45cents.20- .30cents end of year
.42 if no news.
1.00 if some news.
2.00+ if swift tweets/mentions chainlink by name.
for 2022
Anywhere from 30 to 50 cents depending on news and the market as a whole barring no dramatic announcements.
I would suggest slowly accumulating regardless because all it takes is one announcement to send it 10X.
I was going to leave it for a few months until closer to the network going live but I decided to get back in once the HLC or whatever tweet came out.
I realized that could happen at any time but instead of some company I've never heard of it could be Swift or some other giant and I didn't want to FOMO in at 4X.
So without any news It's going to hover below or around 50 cents.
With news there is literally no telling.
Note that if there is another exchange listing all of this is moot because that's regular crypto bullshit which could double the price depending on the exchange.
.45 should be easy without any news if the whole alt coin market would correct.
,60
If Sergey continues announcing nothing and talking to nobody then by EOY Link will be 10 cents
He is talking to the people that matter from the looks of it.
I.e.
banks and whatnot.
Muh fake hypeGo back to omg
That would be fucking amazing