JUST
coblee will be our saviour in the next decade
or LTCthis fucking guy
lightning network doesn't need segwit
LTClmao
source or gtfo
or LTCTop fucking kek
based Charliebtc-ltc brotherhood confirmed
inadvertently describing how you will fail
Charlie is becoming a meme.
The whole crypto space is so weird, it is actually amusing, kids throwing rocks at each other.
What advantages does Litecoin have over Bitcoin?
I see few people talking about it.
or LTCHOLY FUCK SAVAGE
4318569
pic relatedMonero core dev.At least charlie has an outreach to 200,000 twitter followers.Nobody outside vitalik has that presence.
times faster.
Different algo, so no miner wars with bch that can grind the network to a halt.
4 times the capacity, so fees of 5 cents instead of 5 bucks.
So it has "SegWit"?
thats the whole world anon.
look at trump
technically yeah, but segwit makes things a lot easierhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQuNv_qx1xs
why do people shit on ltc?
it's literally an objectively better version of Bitcoin.
why don't all you bch faggots just use that.
>please buy my useless centralized shitcoin that will never be relevant
bch faggots only interested in dumping their bags aththey are not going to hold or use bch
Charlie is retarded.
Why would miners want LN?
it will never get LNthat's the point, what a fucking mong
Lol deluded faggot, how does charlies tiny chubby taste?
It's fast and cheap to use, making it an ideal currency for micro-transactions (ie buying coffee).
Its main function at the moment though is transferring funds between exchanges, as almost all exchanges except litecoin and it is much faster and cheaper to send than BTC.
No way IT can compete with BTC or LTC> LTCBCH outcompeted LTC right from the start in every metric
Explain?
Yes it essentially tested it for BTC
But I think most people do not want LN.
We just want to send money without some additional fees and BS on top.
Can you explain why he's incorrect, brainlet?
unconfirmed transactions>still defends btc
LN makes perfect sense for a coin like Litecoin, when the fee's are super low anyway, since that makes micro-transactions like buying coffee possible.
Only because BTC is under attack, and the people on the other side aren't jackasses who resort to that kind of sabotage.
Proof?
It's pretty fucking obvious just look at all the 50 cent transactions with $7 fee's like what the fuck?
Who would legitimately do such a transaction.
the fact that its so easy to attack means its shitbtc is shit
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hTons of sub 200 sat in mempoolUnless you enjoy stucking your coin it makes no sense to be putting low fees
They're not 50 cent transactions retard, you just can't see that they're transferring USDT as well because you're looking at it on the wrong blockchain explorer
It's fucking time money flows in altcoins
It's not easy to attack, the people doing it are burning a lot of money by doing it.
Also the exact same thing can be done to BCH anyway.
What has tether got to do with bitcoins blockchain explorer?
Because jihan's drones are only interested in the coin they can directly control and manipulate for the benefit of their asicboost miners.
Literally everything else they claim to want is just a meme