>Hey there little boy, wanna try some ether?
Hop into my van“My mommy told me not to trust strangers”>don’t worry kid, this is a trustless smart contract van
9/10 block confirmations completed
don’t worry kid, this is a trustless smart contract vanHOLY KEK 10/10
They don’t call him Vitalik ‘BigDick’ Buterin for nothing
I don't think smart contracts solve the CP risk that we were led to believe, lads :(
ded
hop into my van
the shitposting on /biz/ has been out of control lately.
holy shit.we did try to warn you fuckos that vitalik is a jew and most jews are pedos.
QUICK SELL ALL YOUR ETH AND BUY ETC
ahaahah
Are you people just figuring this out?
shaking my fucking head.
*deletes your smart contract*psss nothing personall kid
I'm going to solve your Oracle problem boy

lmao
BUY BCASH


When will Vitalik give a talk on the need for anonymous smart contracts between pedos and child pornographers.
That's when we will see ETH really soon.
Vitalik "candysticks for little boy dicks" Buterin
thanks op
get locked into the van forever>huh guess it was a bug in the smart contract
The left keeps eating itself
Does this mean buy or sell?
wait why is there a couch outside?
Hes been secretly pumping xmr
Now wait just a sec mister...
Minister YOU, Vitalik
>Vitalik is a literal paedophileHUH
Vitalik just needs AIDS, guys.
He can't stay young forever.
trustless smart contract vanPuts a different meaning to hard forked.
Ey lil gurl, wun sum hard fork?
wanna be a part of legendary threadlmao
I'm not gronna front bro, I legit think that he's a pedophile or possesses child porn
I'm going to report authorities that ethereum network is a cp blockchain used by pedos to make smart contracts, share cp and scam money.
Almost everyone in crypto is tainted.
Some on Core are literally CIA/NSA blackhatters.
Some in bch are literal fugitives.
Some exchanges have people in them that are known money launderers among other money related crimes.
Some others have a long history of criminal activity.
Roger Ver sold explosive materials.So weird you guys are so surprised someone in the crypto world is fucked up.
Roger Ver sold someone a firework over the internet.
What a scandal.
it was some agricultural explosive, couldnt find out which it was exactly, i'm guessing ammonium nitrate
I don't know much about the whole thing, but I hear on pretty good authority that he won't stop until we're all dead.
That explains the move to Singapore like so many other kiddie diddlers before him.
Pedo's playground is literally a 90 min plane trip away.
Pedo's playground where?
asking for a friend
Indochina
Kek
pachinks?