Will LINK be .5 cents by the end of 2024?
No.
How about end of the week
Yes, it's going to be $0.005 eoy.
Yes.
Super computers will be in every city by then rendering all crypto useless
Really hope I dont become I JUSTfag eoy 2018
guys check out emphy(EPY) on cmc...fucking low (7M!!)
supply and still at 0.1%
If Link isn't $20 EOY 2018 then it's going to be below ICO.
Hell if it isn't $3 by February it's going to be below ICO.
Do you know what ico means?
It’s supercomputes, moran.
Yes and below ICO means the price it was offered for in the initial offering you mongoloid.
WHO IS SHE
Its moron, you retarded nigger
LOL I TROLL U
lol @ morons who lost their money on LINK shill hahahahahhahahhahaha
xenia shelkovskaya not sure though
Why will this make crypto useless?
JSON PARSERS IN EVERY TOILETLITERALLY FLUSH YOURSELF RICH
EOY predictions?
Is $2 reasonable?
being this densethe absolute state of crypto
ON EACHCITY
$20 june 2018350m circulating supply and if adopted i don't see why at least $5 isn't reasonable
4343275Id say $5 by june is more realistic.
Maybe $20 by EOY 2018/ Early 2019
Private keys will be hacked with easeNo u
Honestly I doubt there is much middle ground.
If Swift actually adopts it and makes statements about its value and mainstream adoption occurs the bubble could easily take it to BTCs current cap over the next 6 months.
I would have said such a thing was impossible a year ago and then ETH happened and that was just industry interest and not adoption.
Why is LINK only valuated at <$70M MC right now?Does the market not believe in its potential?
Are todays investors too short-sighted?
I honestly think it's under the radar for a lot of people.
The team barely do any marketing and it's not listed on any major exchanges.
Once it gets a bit of momentum this thing will very rapidly go to the moon
It's because there's a very real double standard going on.
yes.
the main argument against LINK is that "well it's not gonna moon any time soon!!!"
which is pretty lol.
Mhh I need more, definitely, but I'm scared to go all in right now.
I currently have 3k LINK, which is about 20% of my portfoliolol i really need to act fast enough, before something makes it moon or makes it get huge attention..what kind of double standard?
i don't quite get what you mean
Don't bother to invest if not keeping for 6 months min.
The will only care about token price after node operation fully functional.
Even at small scale , tech hasn't caught up with demands of Swift's trillions everyday.
can we count on sergey?
is he replaceable in case he can't bear the pressure anymore?
We'll have to roll out Rory in that case.
I hope grammatical errors don't effect coding.
Hungry hungry hipo
Hey Rory here.
I'll get back to you when my grammar has improved (Edited)
don't effect codingrory.. it's "affect" not "effect" ;)
(Edited)kek
the absolute state of LINK FUD
We need them to finally confirm some partnerships and hire the marketing team like they said they're looking into.I don't know how long it'll take for these things to become reality though.
what kind of double standard?> LINK is mooning> OH GOD!
It has finally showed its full potential!
Now you regret, nolinker, don't you?> This peak is legit af and will bring us to $100/LINK in mere months!> Nothing can stop us now!> LINK is tanking> It is being manipulated by whales and the current price does not reflect its potential> Upcoming news will surely stop this dip
It's not even FUD.
Rory is human trash and Link can still go orbital.
thanks for elaborating.
yeah it's true - i.e.
it goes up 6% >APOLOGIZE cmcscreenshot.pngit tanks 12%>biz you are all fuckers AAAAAAAAAH pinkwojak.png
happens with most coins
what kind of double standard?For instance:Link has probably the biggest name attached to the project (Swift) as well as probably the most impressive list of other names (AXA, Sony, BNP Paribas, Barclays, Santander, ...); lesser coins have mooned x100s of times on a LOT less>"Chainlink is a scam, nobody's going to use it"Chainlink is very far along with its development: godlike peer-reviewed white paper, network developed enough at the time of ICO to be used in a proof of concept for Swift with involvement of 5 major banks, etc.While 99% of ICOs have zero working product at all even half a year after their ICO.>"Chainlink is a scam, they weren't even 100% ready and in full mainstream usage yet at ICO"The use case for the Link token is exactly why tokens (and therefore ETH itself) even exist to begin with: a distinct currency for payment and staking within a distinct network>"Chainlink is a scam, you could just as easily use ETH"There are many more, I should probably start writing them down.
Nice dubdubs but I started looking and most seem to think that won't be an issue.
Not to mention that they keep on shitting on LINK for crashing this month yet majority of the alts crashed too.
I dont see anyone shitting on ETP and QTUM that much when they crashed.
Then they ignore the fact that LINK is still above ICO compared to other recent ICOs like REQ.
It's not a double standard.
It's two different sets of standards.If a 5 year old doesn't know advanced trigonometry that's fine.
If they can grasp basic algebra that's amazing.
If a Professor with a PhD in mathematics at an Ivy League School cant find X then there is a goddamned problem.
Kek what?
so the problem is that LINK is too good so the fact that it has a low marketcap means there is something wrong?
But if its other alts that arent that good in the same marketcap, its ok to invest since there is nothing wrong?
What's more likely?
That everyone else is an idiot or that you are delusional?
well let's seethere are 1000+ LINK wallets so they'd all have to be delusional as well.
Several of them are institutional walletsthere are thousands of other people who see mass potential in LINK, but aren't buying it because it's not ready to moon yetno marketingnothing more than unsubstantiated FUD that appeals to sub 90 IQ mongsso yes I'd say everyone else is an idiot
There's 13000+ wallets.
There I made your bad argument slightly less bad for you
we are either delusional/dumb or the smart money.
one thing is for sure though, we arent in the middle like the average normie, so its still a win.
so i ask you anon, do you want to be MEDIOCRE?
So why should Link be treated differently?
Now post the nigger IQ graph
Slowly getting to 50k linkOnly 3 more k's and i made it!hope it doesn't moon to quick and i get left out chasing those 3k
every big thing starts off small and highly ridiculed.
microsoft stock, bitcoin, etc.
you don't have an argument.
Trying to get to 10k here.
I have 5k and no fiat left so dream probably won't happen.
Neither do you or the thousands of other products that start off ridiculed and stay ridiculed.
If link is used to pay node operators and Sergey sets the fees...how is it possible that this coin could moon?
If the price went up too much no one would want to use the decentralized oracle's.
Thanks anon
this.
LINK is seriously god tier crypto.
the longer it stays low, the more time i have to accumulate so whatever.
Link is divisible by I think 14 decimals not really an issue
Is this bait?
Please tell me you're just shitposting
.
All ERC-20s are to 18
In this case?
Everyone else.
It's not that everyone is an idiot per se, just that for whatever reason they do not have a good grasp on the state of smart contracts and therefore why ChainLink will be a game changer.
As we all know projects that solve important problems are the ones that perform best, Vitalik saw the problem that everyone was making new blockchain projects and they were all making a whole new blockchain to do so, therefore he built Ethereum to solve that problem.
With ChainLink Sergey and Steve saw the problem that smart contracts are pretty useless if they can access trustworthy and tamper proof real world data.
When the network is live we'll see all projects that require external data using ChainLink, there will be new projects which can now work because of ChainLink (Confido), plus the potential for Swift, other banks and big businesses to start utilizing the potential of smart contracts.
Sergey confirmed for setting the network fee to 2 Big Macs per API call.
exactly why I'm putting the vast majority of my portfolio in LINK.
fuck these meager gains.
I wanna be smart money for once.
and to be smart money requires risk.
if I go broke so be it, crypto isn't the entire world for me.
but if we make it, we're making it big.
Sergey sets the feesLol no.
Read the fucking white paper.
hail baller pepe
Complete noob here, how can you mine this ?
The market is extremely short sited.
People see investing in LINK for tomorrow as sacrificing the gains of the PnD shitcoin of today.
you can't.
it's not a coin.
and the vast majority of people who think this are not exactly hitching a ride on all the moon missions


I’ll get a Pepe lambo in your honor, baller Pepe.