
hahahhahahahaahh ouch, this will definitely be a race to dump the fastest
HAHAHAHA SELLL SELL SELL AHHAHHAAHAH YOU FUCKERS GOT SCAMMED AGAIN AHAHAHA
NO MOMMY PLEASE I BET ALL MY MONEY ON THIS NEO SHIT
Dont panic guys just put the NEO money into something safe like LTC and ETH and enjoy the ride up.
Who is this lerider guy?
LOL Everybody knew this.
"Government news" is just a funny meme.
Part of NEO Council
lerider>leader
What now?
NEO represents the worst, most blatant show of speculative frenzy and FOMO that the whole crypto world has come to be know for.Disgusting.
I hope you people get liquidated.
LOL Everybody knew this.
"Government news" is just a funny meme.yeah right faggot.
everyone is totally expecting the news to be a downer which is why the price pumped heavily.
Price is pumping
wtf could the news be then thats "so big" as they said?
do I sell now?
HAHAHAHAHAH, HAHAHAHAHAHAH, HAAAAAAAAHAHAHA FUCKING KEK, MUH GOVRNMINT, MUH CHINIZZEE, HAHAHAHAHA YOU ARE ALL FAGGOTS.
Some new technology inside the neo smart economy Plattform is the news.Why would a company announce something government related before the government announce it.Only fools thought its about government.Neo still moons cause it rocks and news will be good
Neo still moons cause it rocks and news will be goodYeah sure buddy.
Keep holding kek, you will literally be dumped on to oblivion once they announce the news that will surely not live up to the hype.
HERE WE GOOOOOO
MOONING
the price is pumping NOW, after Malcolm threw cold water on the gov bullshitbesides, every significant investor knew the gov stuff was bullshit.
insiders squashed it early.there's still something big coming
Why the fuck is it mooning?
>Goes up 6.7%MOON fucking hell
its mooning after whales finished shaking out your weak ass hands who knewstay poor
News is about onchain ontology network, which is first party priority multi ID network.not NEX neo dex exchange which is a third-party platform.
yeah the whale price suppression has been obvious.
easy to think they know something we don't...
Whale here.
There's events going up for almost the entire week.
If you sold out you're a fucking moron.
explain this to a brainlet, will this make NEO go up or what?
Is this a bull trap?
Can you please explain how you see that?
(im new)
nope.people reacted immediately after malcom's rebuttal was released.
i think the market was worried that the rumor was only a rumor.now that the rumor is crushed AND big news tomorrow is confirmed, people are excited all over agian.
>News is about onchain ontology network, which is first party priority multi ID network.not NEX neo dex exchange which is a third-party platform.Forgot to mention : City of Zion are third party developers.Malcolm is a senior RnD guy on the Neo Council.The redtard rumour goes as follows - China gov is looking for the ultimate solution for monitoring it's netizens.
Multi-Source Identity System for PeopleUsers can collect and manage their own identity data from various sources including public institutions, banks, businesses, family, colleagues, and friends.Possible collab with the Chinese gov.... in the future very likely.
noit brings me joy to see so many weak biz hands shook
The Block chain would essentially kill counter fitting of money, identities, etc if used properly because it’s literally the ultimate system of checks and balances there is no way to manipulate one piece of info with manipulating every piece spread all over the world.
Finally a company is taking advantage of the real technology of the block chain and doing something good for man kind.
And of course China is leading the way.
why would anyone sell neo?
do they not know you accumulate comfy gas for holding?
Should I dump now while all the biztards and Reddit’s panick sell and scoop up more before this news drops and they realize it’s essentially going to propel NEO coins into the 100’s?
I dumped at .0056, I'll be waiting for .0045 or lower now
Honey badger Chinks don't give a fuck about no basement dwelling 4 of Chubs trying to drive Neo down to $2 so they can buy in with Cheeto and Mt.
Dew money.
*Laughs in Mandarin.
*
on exchanges tho?
If you get gas on exchanges sure but...
Aaaand back up it goes.
all this "I sold" bullshit is larpers.
Post proof or bullshit.
Nice.
Bought 100k.
you get gas on binance
Not downer.
It will be amazing, just not anything to do with a fucking government.
This is crypto, it is all about not being depend on government and banks.
It’ll probably level out around $50 if the news is really that they are working to use the block chain to secure identity, this means not only the Chinese gov will jump on board but the Trump admin will scoop this Tech up faster than a monkey flinging poop
Its simple, if there's no news on regulation then it dumps
When you were born, your Mother dumped.
The baby was so ugly the Dr thought it was the dump.
He threw away the baby, and kept the dump.. That is why (you) are so obsessed with "Dumps".
+10
Fuck i think that was a bull trap we’re already going down
price suppressionplenty of demandwill see 56 - 58 range soon
I see... so transferring my Neo to binance is a good idea.
Can you do an exchange to exchange transfer or do you need to go via a wallet?
I was only flipping it on bittrex desu but I was thinking of holding even if it dumps tomorrow.
price suppression.
lol, ok.Enjoy that big sell wall and getting dumped on when the news hits.
LIKE ALWAYS HAPPENS WHEN ANY CRYPTO NEWS DROPS GOOD OR NOT.Its not like you havent seen this 100 times before.
Even good news has a dump if it was said in an announcement before hand that something was coming.
People follow "buy the rumor sell the news" whether you think they should or not.
sure a dump might still happenbut we shouldn't ignore the obvious bot manipulation on binance
People follow "buy the rumor sell the news" whether you think they should or not.Kek, these fags havent learned anything from XLM, LINK, Ripple and all the other recent news coins.
The NEO dump will be spectacular.
yes, dumping hard, whales dumping their bags
Do not withdrawal directly to a crowdfund or ICO.
We will not credit your account with tokens from that sale.Does Binance count as a crowdfund?
rumour pump is over, its sell timetomorrow back to under $ 30
They are about to learn the hard way lol.
Not my problem, I warned everybody I could and tried to help them get more NEO in the long run.4447837Havent looked at Binance for any manipulation but it wont matter once the dump starts from the announcement.
If the news is good it may stay at like $32ish.If its not good I can see this having a huge dip down to $26 again.
still cozy with my gas accumulation.
I am 99% certain the news will be about Ontology which is a first party product developed by Onchain.
Onchain is also the parent company of Neo.China has no choice but to pick 1 ''master blockchain'' to rule over all the other smaller chains like Nas, ETP, Ash It's very very unlikely China will allow a foreign competitor like Lisk / stratis / ethereum / ark to enter their domestic market and collect data from it's growing middle-class market.
Google got replaced by tencent/baidu.
snapchat by snow , facebook by weibo, whatsapp by wechat.
etc etc.Private data is the new digital gold of this century.
Governments all around the world want to know how you think, what you buy, what you eat, where you go to work who your friends are etc.There are around 6000 blockchain engineers or something like that in existence.Chinese gov will likely say this.
Work with us or we will put you out of business.Neo will likely be the one collaborating with the Chinese government.What other choices does the CCP have?
NEO is now very expensive, pumped by just rumourstomorrow when news comes if its dissapointment to markets, NEO dumps hard back to under $ 30
yup, and even if the news is good there will be a sell off for "sell the news" so Id say the next 8 hours are critical to get out and wait for re-entry.Not doing so is just losing money because you are lazy.
So when will we hear the news ?
tomorrow.
thats why the pump is dying off.People are starting to exit before the news that we now know has nothing to do with regulation or the government.
PFFFFFFTTTTTT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
This
4448032Ok, seriously.IF YOU ARE HOLDING NEO TAKE YOUR EMOTIONS OUT OF THIS AND THINK LOGICALLY.This IS the exit.
RIGHT NOW.
You wont be able to come back in 5 hours and sell at a higher price or even the same price.Protect your money and buy back in after the dip.
This.
Going to buy for sub $28 tommorow.
>Yes, we have a very eventful weekend with Ontology sneak-peak yesterday and NEON Exchange whitepaper release tomorrow.
On top of this, we will present something new tomorrow.
We do not want to hype, but we also want the community to be aware of the progress NEO and our ecosystem is making.
It’s a balance, and it’s up to the community to judge.https://medium.com/@MalcolmLerider/response-to-baseless-fud-9b7e5e2eeeea
I sold at .0052 I bought at .0035 so I'm still up just parked my money into ETH for the time being.
I bought high again.
Fuck my fucking stupid low iq brain
THIS.Selling for a loss, but let's be real here.... this shit is going down for a bit
Same.Im just hoping a lot of us anons got out in time and didnt get fucked over.I feel bad for the people who arent at their computers today... they are in for a sad surprise : /
Not your fault.We were led to believe this announcement would be way bigger than it is.Just get safe while you can so you dont lose too much.
same
loopring
How far is it going to dumpen?
Surely there will be a small bounce in a minute?
We're perfectly in line with the triangle and the 50% Fibonacci retracement.Just grow a pain and HODL or fucking buy tight now, thanks me later.There's also BTC that decided out of nowhere (probably new fucking Tethers printed with no bank support by Cuckfinex) to try to ATH again, fuck this bullshit, hand of steel on NEO.
weak handed fools, the only reason people have to tell other people to dump is so they can buy their cheap coins
>hold NEO longterm>kind of bored>some news comes up>NEO pumps>turns out it's some dumbass news about tech technology>NEO dumps>too lazy to transfer NEO back to exchangeFucking chinks man, don't make any announcements until the government allows ICO's again.
jesus christ just buy as much as you can and live your lives.
this is long term coin just as btc
falling for the fibonacci memeI thought you fags said TA doesnt mean shit in crypto when you were pumping because of the rumor?
Now that the price is dumping because of selling the news you start using TA?
KEK!!!!!
I don't know, looks like BTC is trying to go over 8k again.
Thats what happens when you stay in POL for too longLesson learned
Meh I'm stuck with heavy bags buying in at 620 like a retard.At this point all that's left to do is hold and generate GAS.
Chinese ICOs will be back eventually.
I just jumped ship, BTC broke 8000, might even 8100
Once the peak was reached you can quite decently apply TA, if you can see the 61% retracement is where the suppot is placed, so it's not a bullshit after all.Say thanks to BTC that it's fucking up a plain, scheduled NEO moon mission, but we're still in business.
There no urge to sell now, we're still holding the 50% retracement.
Are we bouncing off the 61.8% right now?
Shaking out weak hands.
Neo is the future of Chinese smart economy believe it or not
Then I will buy the dip
lol, the bounce already happened I think, anon.This dump is from the news that the announcement wont be at all related to government regulations or partnerships.Thats what people were banking on heavily.
The dump will continue into tonight Anon trust we will be at 35 by midday PTZ and 32 by evening then it will jump back up to 40's tomorrow if the news is good.
Once btc soars again, all the neo fanboys will back on the NEO ship.
maybe, I think its max $38 if the news is good.
$32 best case if the news doesnt rock our worlds.
We will see $55 tonight.With good news tomorrow, we will see $120+Bad news maybe $40
Its soaring now.
Just broke 8k again.Man I feel good I got out of NEO when I did.
Comfy accidental gains from it.
you just get online, friend?You buy now and you are catching a falling knife.Go check the exchange and the recent news.Things are not going to go well lol
Is this what you call a pump you stevie wonder piece of shit
I kek'dwhat site is that?
this
tradingview.com
you Stevie Wonder piece of shit
Stevie wonder piece of shitNEO deserves to go up $10 just because of that
tradingview.comthanks anon.
was looking for something to replace coinagy.GOOD LUCK TO ALL TRYING TO GET OUT BEFORE THE ANNOUNCEMENT!Be safe you gorgeous anons.
Everyone move from NEO to BQX, after news we wait for 32, then move back into NEO - enjoy some nice gains from a quick BQX Pump in the meantime ,we can push it over 2 easily today
so much buy support.
100BTC wall at 600k.
Clear accumulation pattern.
That wall will evaporate as soon as it even gets close.
Buy the fucking dip!
We still don't know what the news is, NEO devs aren't really ones to spread misinformation to pump/dump prices (example: the head RandD guy poured cold water on the Chinese government rumours).Going to guess there's some further ties between NEO and Microsoft, we'll see.
If there were ties, MICROSOFT would have announced them, not NEO.The biggest thing with Microsoft it might be is that joint coding competition, which is meaningless.
The NEO council said itself it had nothing to do with regulation, ICOs, or partnerships of any kind let alone with a government entity.its literally just a dev update.I mean, you do you.
I just want to give an alternate way to look at this to people who are still super hopeful.
I just want us all to make it, familam
Pretty sure this is peoples last chance to exit around the 40 mark for the rest of today, once the tweets from Martin hit the normies we will see a Mass Exit like never before.
What development update could it be?
It can't be something stupid, neo wouldn't do that (or at least they wouldn't tease it the way they did).
It has to be something somewhat major that we aren't expecting but what could it be
4449328Already MASSIVE sell walls going up...Im trying to help people but people really just dont want to exit while they have a profit...Feels shitty I cant do more to help out other anons, but as long as they know there is new info I guess its up to them.
Who knows, maybe im insane.
Although this picture shows otherwise lolYou getting back in once it dumps?
there's really no real reason for FUD that I've seen.
It's all just muh might be not quite that they're partnering with government yet, instead microsoft... muh might be decentralised (chinese government duh!)...
muh might be longer term than just tonight.
Is any of that actually FUD?
Its not meaningless, no.But they said it was just to show you that NEO is progressing.
They are likely just going over how some things have gone well and how they are on schedule and maybe they will announce some future plans for ideas, but nothing groundbreaking unfortunately...I love NEO personally...
I generate about $500 in GAS a month, but I also dont like losing money, and if somebody has as much NEO at stake in this as I do, I want them to know exactly what is happening so they can make an informed decision.
I'm down $200 from a $1000 investmentDo I listen to the optimists or do I cut my lossesIt's not gonna put me in the poorhouse either way, but I was really hoping to make up for the fact that I was in fucking NEO instead of BTC during BTC's latest rally..
they didnt say might not be partnering with, they said they werent partnering with anybody at this time, especially government entities.
and the announcement does not have to do with regulations or China.Thats a lot of killing blows to anything that would be pump worthy, anon.
But if you feel comfy and arent going to lose from this, you do you my man.
Maybe check out some other pumps right now to offset if you feel inclined.
The way I see it is that BTC will probably rally higher around 5-8pm EST When asian exchanges get heavily involved, and a $200 swing is pretty damn small to lose considering BTC swings by almost 1k a day at times.Personally, I think its better to be safe than sorry.
Maybe leave half your NEO stack in if you are on the fence, but Just watch it carefully if you do and be ready to pull triggers when you need to.
Good luck, anon.
scenario A: BTC goes on a run, NEO news is non-government related.
NEO dumps hard because after all, apart from the news being chinese gov related, there is no news that could justify the recent surge in NEO price.
anything except government news will cause a dump tomorrow.
Should I move my 10 NEO into Qtum?WHere should I move to mitigate the losses from the ETH BTC gains this weekend.
Pls help a hopeless newfag
enough already with neo.
there's no huge ROI in it
Wait a bit to sell neo, it's already recovering.
Slowly as fuck but surely.
Looking forward to buying 5k neo at .0032
no, its testing the downward trend.
that is literally the last jumping off point before it goes to a new low.It wont be recovering till its .0055 again.I cant honestly say, man.
I think BTC is safe just because it is most likely going to pump tonight when asian exchanges wake up for the day, and NEO will probably fall further once everybody sees the news that the announcement has nothing to do with the government or regulations
This is so obvious.
Why people constantly think PROC will name NEO the official blockchain or some shit blows my mind.
Get a grip on reality for fuck sake.
I hold NEO but sometimes people are just so delusional it's not even funny.
I believe in NEO long term, but like I said I'm a hopeless newfag with very little understanding and a tiny fiat budget of $1000.I bought 20 NEO at $34, want to sell 10 now and buy more when the overhype dies down and scoop up a lot more when the price gets closer to $20.
How retarded am I?
What would you do?
eh, its like playing the lottery.
You know you wont win, but you have this hope and it makes you feel good while you have it.
Only thing is, in this case that hope messes with your perception of what you should really do in a situation and you hold on to a giant red dildo all the way down.If you got into NEO  you should still have profit, but I dont get why you wouldnt sell now anyway to buy lower?
Its just free NEO that way which means more GAS/day.Literally no reason to just hold.
Ok. Dumped at a 500 dollar loss.
What is the buyback, you bunch of Faggots?
Newfig also, but planning to get in around $28 or lower.
You've got gains, I would sell and be happy with what you get

Reminder:NEO went to 10000k sats simply by changing its name
sell 10 now and let it sit in BTC.
Tonight after the asian exchanges come online for the day BTC will pump more meaning ALL alts will dip a bit, but also NEO will dip harder since the news that the announcement isnt all the interesting will get around.
Then tomorrow around mid day you can pick up cheap NEO when the very last of the NEO pump holders "sell the news"Should be able to pick up another 3+ NEO from the 10 you sell I would think.Whatever you decide, goodluck!I once only had a little bit in this as well and every move something made was very intense haha.Started with $400 and now I'm at 48k.Its very possible to make tons of money right now in crypto, but no matter how enticing something seems, remind yourself you need to ALWAYS play it safe.
I have always played it safe and because of that I have made gains of 1k on BTC instead of 1.5k, but I also never lost anything.
I am only ever gaining and now I am where I am today.Be safe, youll be fine.
Always choose the safe decision and watch your portfolio explode over 4 months.
4449664I would say buyback is probably going to be between 28-3328 if the news is pretty dumb, 33 if its actually remotely interesting.Just keep an eye on the market and make safe decisions.
4449678Thank you anons.
I'll be driving a used 2007 mercedes station wagon in no time thanks to you guys.
Appreciate the long response, I'll try and make you proud.
I'm 15 days in and already hopelessly addicted.
Appreciate the calls for conservatism in the face of this wild west crypto market.
Thanks
yeah, trust me I was getting way too emotional into my trades.
I didnt start making tons of money until I started treating it like a game I want to win.
The money is irrelevant, getting the high score is all I try to do and playing it safe is the best way to do that.Post later on with how it all went for you.
I want to monitor you progress a smidge.
Fuck's sake my weekend wasted and all I could show for it is a 0.01 BTC profit, which could have been much higher if I sold at ATH.
if we dip below 30 I'll put 50% of my portfolio into NEO because I know it'll be back up to 40 in no time and easily 70+ by EOY
I took your advice and moved back into BTC.
That stung.
yeah I missed 47+ yesterday while I was out with my GF - I was debating to leave it in cold storage or move into Binance and put a sell order in at 46.5 (I entered at 32 and 35 so this would have been a nice profit) instead I exited at 42 and 40 this morning literally 2 minutes apart because my first sell order didn't get filled.
It could have also been much lower, anon.Be glad you didnt lose money like the sad sacks that dont get online till tonight just to find out the news is mediocre.
yeah... its rough when trade info goes south.
but keep your head up and keep looking for other investment opportunities.
If we coordinate this right - we move together into BQX and then move out when NEO hits 32 back into NEO we can pump it up and get some money back for people.