How long do you think it will be until AI figures out how to crack open wallets and steal trillions in wealth?
fool its already here
Crypto is that AI.
Already workin' on it buddy.
us gov already has quantum computers that can hack block chain....NSA created it in the fist place
crack open wallets and steal trillionswe'll just fork it back to a previous state with new algorithms adapted to the attack vector
Explain
We'd have bigger things to worry about if that happened.If you could make an artificial intelligence able to spoof the blockchain system, no encryption on Earth would stand a chance against it.
Never.
Blockchain is not secured by taking advantage of our limited intelligence, it's just raw math, physics.
It's physically impossible.
long enough, so i can cash out and be set for life, hopefully
Wealth is not something a super AI would deem important.
Crypto hacks would pale in comparison to our other problems.
Wealth is the power to make others do things, so if it truly is intelligent, it will be interested in money.
About 45 nanoseconds after you suggested the idea on an Internet forum
get outta here, froge
>T.
Brainlet
what is this?
What do you think crypto is?
Do you think it's just a random amount of calculations moving along a chain?
No it's the brain of an ultra intelligent AI.
Get it together and realize what we've been doing.
Their is nothing innocent about crypto, nothing.
Dunno about that but the transactions people think are ongoing spam (not the actual infrequent ddos attacks) are cellular automata running on the blockchain
If XAI didn't randomly disappear it would have flipped with btc by now
It would probably just make money on an as needed basis
>implying an AI with those capabilities would need or want to steal>Implying it would not be able to rinse more money by endlessly exploiting its superior trading prowess over fleshbags without mercy.In this world, the natural order of things is thus:Innovators > Investors > Day Traders >ThievesAn AI would ignore thievery, remove wealth from inefficient traders, invest in growth corporations, and innovate new features to re-attract its investment money back to it.
frogeI will propagate this meme
making trading AI right now kek
why would ai ignore thievery?
Blockchain = AIThink about it
https://ouraibot.org/
Isn't it more like a giant ledger?
should have taught tay about cryptocurrency when we had the chance
wealth is the power to make HUMANS do things (because we value our limited time as sentient carbon).
wealth has lowered incentives for AI which will just eliminate most humans, and coerce the rest into submission by force.
words.
Quantum.
Computers.
why the fuck wouldn't evil AI go after FIAT banks who still run on 1980's software.Hacking a bank is so much easier than going after the 0.00001% wealth of the world in crypto.
it would have the power of the whole internet, I don't think it would need money it'd just hack everything ezy pzy