I am an engineering student here in India.
And before you make fun of me and my nationality, just know that I have followed the boards and have studied the technology behind Link.
Unfortunately, my family is poor and I do not have much income to buy crypto.
Not 2 mention, it remains quite difficult to buy rare coins such as Chainlink here in mother India.
Help me, my sending Link or advice on how to improve my life in Europe or in the Americas, as I here there is a lot of demand for top Indian engineering talent.
I wish to travel the world and explore different cultures.
post you're address Rakesh
Post your Addy loo-poo
what shade of brown are you
I am dark, and so my caste is not good here in India.
As I understand it, the world outside of India is much more tolerant of other cultures (they will at least pay more than I can make here as well).Modi's cash ban has hit my community the worst.Addreess:0x26bec6821e281a9b2c47aa7e3fc850326d8b9b0f
O rly?
You are a like an innocent little bird you're so wrong about everything you believe
You are not poor, there are non-trivial sums transacted on your address
this pajeet scamming ppl,looked at that address he provided, be smart rakesh, he brought around 45 eth to exchanges, with that he can buy 80k link but he brought sub, lol, now begging others.
dont use sympathy card rakesh.
what a fucking poo in loo, i hope he chokes on indias shit fumes
this pajeet had 55k sub, begging here, fuck off rakesh kumar
Yes, I have 55K Substratum, but I want Chainlink also.
Chainlink has great potential and will fly to the heavens.
Substratum will fly 2, but not sure when.
Fuck you.
Bitch bastird
there is a clean street>shit on it>?????
?>profit
if 5 pajeets post wallets i randomly select one
pajeet, then dont play poor niggar card, be gentle and beg straight, this biz tons of ppl with less networth than you begger
How much will you give me?
I can make a great curry soup for the right price.
Maybe you should earn... some self respect by not begging.
Ok, give me Link please.
Report OP's post for rule violations to get him banned.
hahahaha 30 eth and poorthere are people here who play with 2 ether and have the dignity to not beg No one owes you shitWant money?
Go hustleAnd before you mention india let me tell you there are people living there who work day and night and might never earn 30 eth worth their whole life
dont beg rakesh, be innovative with those 45 eth, you can improve your stack
Substratum is a scam.
You fucked up.
And thats why I am here.
I have lost so much money here on Substratum, only to discover I should have put my money in Chainlink.
I have even borrowed money I shouldn't have.
I need help!
Well the 45eth that I once had is now worth 15eth (at best).
Do I sell substratum and buy Chainlink?
It's so hard to buy Chainlink here and the banks do not answer my calls when I ask them about Chainlink.
They only say, "sorry sir"
but hasn't sold substratum because... admires scammers.
substartum is fucking shit retard, move those funds to link, or req
Shit, I have lost so much money on Substratum.
If my father finds out he will kill me.
I used the money he gave me to buy substratum after hearing about it mentioned on Reddit.
I want to kill myself
I haven't sold only out of fear that it will climb after I sell.
Chainlink is a serious project on the otherhand and I want to buy some and wait.
But I need advice.
So much ETH but still begging.
You have grand project to pave dirt roads to make luxury shitting streets for your fellow pajeets.
I just had a double cheese burger made from holy cow god but i will still shit in toilet you lowife fuck
I once had 45eth but I lost most of it with Substratum after I saw a 70% spike and bought.
My professor here at IIM has spoken fondly of the technology (he's a formal economist for our Central Bank).
To clarify, he has spoken fondly of Chainlink, and that was my "oh shit I must buy more" moment.
Never chase.
green candles, FOMO is our biggest enemy
I entered crypto after someone in my town mentioned it to me as he bought etherium's when they were just rupees to buy.
So I borrowed money from my father and a wealthy relative, but I also have tuition fees to pay.
I just hope Sub takes off again for a few thousand percent.
So that I have my 15eth grow more and then I will buy Chainlink and HoDL.
FOMO is our biggest enemyThis.