YOU TOLD ME BCH WAS FLIPPING WITH BTCNOW IT'S CRASHING WTF FUCK YOU BIZ YOU FUCKS
It's odd how quiet cashcucks suddenly
I really don't understand half the people here.
i think most of them are idiots.
WTF DO I DO?!??
!do i sell back to BTC or buy ETH??
?TELL ME
4532610it dips to 1600 for now.
tomorrow we go to 1800.
Stay strong cashiehttps://twitter.com/SilberbaumEli/status/933897396022644736
this is the third time 'le flippening' is suppose to happen, when will people stop believing this shit
It's scary how many people act on hearsay and rumors or the slightest hint of movement.
Patience is so important!
The difficulty adjustment has not even happened yet.
Calm the fuck down.
Look at the narrative back over in normieville on /r/bitcoin subreddit.
They're prepping their bagholders to scoop up on the epic dump they know is coming because of the situation.Various core shill media cucks are already trying to push a narrative of "You don't need to make transactions to hold!
".They know what's coming.
They've accepted they can't stop it.
And they think they'll be able to survive anyway.They're wrong and we're going to show them they're wrong.Patience, and then kill.
relax bro it's just a prank
and then kill.You mean the whole market?
Because that's what's gonna happen if BTC is 'killed'
When is it coming?
Before or after 0.5?
I mean BTC.
And that's what's going to happen if BTC *isn't* killed.If core succeed, they've conclusively proven nakamoto consensus is just a lie.
Therefore everything we've built these past eight years on this foundation, we may as well just have done it in some shitty fiat state with a central bank and infinitely malleable government shitcoin.For the promise to be validated they must die.
This is it.
We test that now once and for all.
thank you anon...
I will HODL for now...I should not have gone all in...I thought it would hit .4 at least which is where is set my sell orders...I better not get JUST'd...
Difficulty adjustment is in about eighteen hours.
Honestly man the best advice you can take from all this is ignore /biz/.
/biz/ only uses normies like you to make money off of.
I go to biz only for quick little bits of information about the crytpo world but I never take advice from them.
I lost a lot of money thanks to the scum here but have made it back doing my own research.
Do you honestly believe this won't end poorly for you too if BTC is killed?
There's a fuckton of money that bought in after July 31st, which means they only hold BTC.
They're the ones who brought BTC from $2,800 to the fucking ATH of $8,300.
They essentially stand to lose everything through this killing of Core, and from that will cause a mass exit of money out of the space in panic which will hit every single other crypto out there, including BCH.
This is what would cause Crypto Winter 2.0Besides BTC and BCH are both fucking shit

Buying Bitcoin without understanding proof of work is like buying an aircraft carrier without understanding nuclear reactors.If they get fucked they deserve it.
Nobody to blame but themselves, and potentially the idiotic agenda of core that has bought us to this precipice.This is simply the natural reaction of the events that have bought us here, and it can be no other way.
If they get fucked they deserve it.That doesn't matter at all and is completely irrelevant.
Normal people en mass are fucking stupid, and they'll take the whole market with them.
That's all that mattersIf you really wanted to be about principles and 'satoshi's vision' you wouldn't even support BTC or BCH.
You'd support one of the many current and future alts which are better than both
>BITCOIN GOLD
yeah while everyone is looking at cash gold is mooning
kek'd irl
Yes normal people en masse are fucking stupid and yes they probably should pass out their investments to be managed by people that are not.
*Those* people should know better than to be on the wrong side of this trade.
Fuckwits like BitMEX and DCG leveraging idiot normie investments on the side of a war they can't possibly win deserve every fucking last piece of hell they're going to catch over this shit.
And the normies will learn by observation that the parties they thought were leaders in this space actually fucking aren't.Current and future alts are not better than both.
SHA256 POW is the sole largest obstacle to attacking any present blockchain.
And BCH is about to inherit it as BTC is subjected to freezing.
All the actual great technical advancement in promising coins like XMR DASH ZEC etc can and likely will be bought in to BCH as the developers have already said they want to do that.There's room in small caps for innovation, but the thousand pound gorilla has to be the best of everything and have the thickest armour.
That's going to be BCH and the screams of a million clueless normie investors and hundreds of thousands of fanatical corecuck shills won't change a fucking thing about it.It's time they died.
can u esplain this mister?it hsa next to no technical merits
ur dumb nigga, play the waves when there's evil pumpers involved don't hodl
Look at Bittrex.
Roger Ver has a wall at 0.2 that will not come down.MFW you weak handers selling now is actually increasing his BCH stack at a discounted price.
has a wall at 0.2 that will not come down.1000 BTC is fucking nothing.
The previous wall at 0.1 was 10,000 BTC deep
sauce
Seems to be working just fine.
Its a multi waved flippening obviously you brainlet
Nobody's telling you to buy bch you cunt.
They tell you it's chinks shills wanting you.to buy bch.Stupid virgin bch fuding the Chad btc.
went all in at 0.25 am I gonna be okay lads?
You made your donation to Ver and Wu, what else do you want ?
All the actual great technical advancement in promising coins like XMR DASH ZEC etc can and likely will be bought in to BCHWhich means they can easily be brought into BTC as well.Look, we get that you need to dump your bags on some unsuspecting, innocent noobs.
But is that the best thing to do?
Why don't you try being a good person instead.
That's fucking hysterical.
Those incompetent assholes acting purely in their own self interest to the detriment of the entirety of the rest of the ecosystem spent the past three years blocking a simple on chain transaction throughput upgrade from 1mb, and you think they're just going to start adopting ring signatures and zk-snarks all higglety pigglety?The insanity of you corecucks.
You so desperately deserve the epic bitchslapping you're about to receive from physics and the market working in tandem.Please, by all means if you have any BCH at all, sell it *all* and buy as much BTC as you possibly can.
Not if BCH gets them first.Blockstream are too proud to ever adopt any Bitcoin Cash technology.
Didn't you see them shitting all over graphene?
This and I dont even have either but If I would buy now I would get cash.
Doesn't look like that hard a crash to me.Enough with these fud threads
https://soundcloud.com/thecryptocast/ep13
LEGIT QUESTION for those here for years.Is this a stunt to try and force community to just take BTC core to 2MB at some point?
big blocks are an issue>ok well what if we keep the same block size but reduce the size of transactions>REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWho takes these clowns seriously anymore it's undeniable that they are gimping onchain scaling purposefully.
There is absolutely nothing core faction could do to make me see them as anything less than subvert and destroy hostile actors that don't care about anything except their own bottom line and desperately trying to destroy the project.
They've pushed their bullshit for years now, and I stood by and tried to take the compromise road.
Right up until they were banging against the scaling ceiling for months as the project bled market cap to competitors hungry to capitalise on its idiocy.And finally when it looked like a scaling compromise had been reached, they took their part of the deal the push their poison pill into the machine and then spent months astroturfing a full on media sideshow to prevent having to deliver their end of the bargain, before (((cancelling))) it due to the objections they fucking manufactured.The only regret I have is I didn't capitalise more heavily on the initial bch dump to cram it more violently down their throats now.
I should have known they could never be trusted.Lesson learned though, and it's one I don't forget.
And now I'll see them freeze.
Graphene doesn't actually reduce tx size on the blockchain, each block will still be 8Mb.But it reduces the data required to propagate that block through the network, nodes won't have to send the full 8Mb to send each block.Storage size doesn't change, but it reduces network usage.
Just HOLD for fucksakes!
The dragonslaying is upon us!
Thank yo for the considered response.
i hope BTC drops, got so much cash waiting.
gotta spend my inheritance
nope, just a stupid rumor from a video where a dude had operation dragon slayer on his whiteboard, probably code word for slaying that pussy he was going after
Will it dip to 0.185 again before the next pump?
When is the difficulty adjustment?Is there a site i can track it?
there will be no flipenning.
try to take some profits, but don't get jihancucked.
hours estimated
Too late, I bought at 220.
No profits for me.
Fuck,.
here you go fellow dragon slayer .
https://fork.lol/pow/retarget  There's still time for you son...
Buy high sell lowhonestly your best bet now is just to hold and hope it pumps again.Seems likely to me.
BCH is slowly leeching hashrate.
bch trading is easy mode.
Buy until you see a BCH fud thread from Oldfagbiztard.
Then bail like a Motherfucker.
He flat.
Fucking.
Pulled.
The.
Plug.
On the last two pumps.
His Word is The Word of God in Crypto.
He doesn't participate in the BCH pumps, but he allows them.
When he has had enough, and thinks we are being to greedy, He pulls the plug.
Youre a fucking retard OP.It's just getting started.Buy and sell the waves, or just hold.
It's going to moon within 24 hours.
That wall's been getting eaten.But someone wouldn't buy 1000 BTC worth at .2 if they didnt have a plan.
would they?
Lol who the fuck cares about bchDo you know who cares about BTC?
Fucking waves of normies will be entering market, institutional money is about to be pulled in, and a whole derivatives market is getting start up.bcash is good if you want to make money from the pumps, but long term it's not going to experience the insane growth of bitcoin.
BCH?
That was yesterday bro.
BTG WILL FLIPPING WITH BITCOIN TODAY!!
It's already over $1000 in Korea!!!!
BUY BUY BUY!!!!
physics doesn't give a fuck.
He'll learn the hard way if he doesn't get with the program.
The wall is there silly to force fomo dupes to raise their buy orders.
The whale then flashes away the wall and dumps inflated bcash in the fomo dupes, before setting back the wall.
wall gone
Nah he bought it all.
I watched him.
Why do you think making money in crypto is so easy?
If you even have a small amount of patience, you will outperform 95% of the other morons in this game.
If the bch pump above .22 doesnt come between now and 16 hrs ill be on suicide watch
I just sold at a loss.
Again.Fuck.
You should try to be less obvious with your funding, shit posting.You're not very good at it.
Lol I'm not fudding.I would have loved to profit, trust me.
But I overextended myself in BCH.
Looks like it stopped going down as soon as I sold though.
Just staying still now.
Also, what would be the use of FUDing something with 39575973539 volume on this thread with like 10 people reading,