>HURR DURR MUH BCH>HURR DUR MUH NEO>HURR DUR MUH CHAINLINKDaily reminder that a bunch of gap-toothed chinks and a russian scammer will not make you money.Powr, on the other hand is a legit project which is going to 4x very soon.
Jemma and her milf cowtits will make you rich.
Mommmy milkkyy milkkyy.
coin at ATHshills everywherehmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
wtf is this picture real
based gibs poster
MUMY
It is, downloaded it straight from twitter you can check.
Those people, the Chinese and the Russian made a lot of people rich alreadyI don't like any of em but saying "they won't make you money" when half of biz is rich thanks to vitalik is retarded.
Relax.
Hnnng I want to suck on those titties.
really fucking nice tits

POWR is a legit project.
If you miss a moon mission this obvious, idk what to tell you.
Get in.
wtf she hides those welljust went all in on pwor
She looks infinitely better with her hair down.
jesus her tits are unreal
I came here for tips, not tits.Now instead of buying stock, I’m stroking my cock.
Buy first, anon
>HURR DURR MUH POWARThis shit is gonna crash really hard, really soon.
Milf Milkers FTW
the value of POWR is directly proportional to the size of mommys milkieswhat a world we live in
don't know if you guys realize it, but this coin will eventually bleed just like walton.walton is THE real-life chink coin with constant updates, yet it's dyingpower isn't doing shit until 2019 rofl
Daily reminder that it's not bcash, iT's BiTCoiN cAsH
Lol isnt this what you fud pajeets said at 4k?
Then at 6k?
/ourgirl/
I bet she wants nothing more than to be taken serious, but with those milkers her only purpose is to be groped and titfucked dry by her male peers.
No fud, no pajeet, just logic.
Most people are just in this for some quick gains, once the hype wears off and the gains disappear this goes at least -50% and most people move on to the next coin of the week.
bet you sold ETH at 30, and ANS at 11.
Fucking idiot.
How are people on this board so stupid.
Literally the ONLY coin that has deserved momentum and reason to be worth something, with real partnerships and a plan for the future, is getting called a pump and dump by some loser faggot who has a $200 portfolio Stay the fuck out of powr poor fag, you don't know shit.
Looking at the chart the fudding pajeet was right after all.Stay poor faggot.