I have a few questions about starting off in crypto,wallets, security, anonymity, etc>what wallet is best for ease of use / security / privacy>how do i generate a paper wallet securely?>iOS or Android for better wallet security(about to upgrade phone)>general tips about keeping my wallet anonymous / secure?sorry for my retardation
bump so i don't get my private keys stolen
Phone traders....kys
also,how is it possible to generate a private key,whether on my phone, laptop, paper or metal,without anyone ever seeing/recording my private key?
i would only store a small % of crypto on my mobile / laptop wallet
A wallet is just a pair of keys, one public and one private, you can write them down on a piece of toilet paper if you wish
if it's less than 20k just spread it across a couple of the better exchanges like coinbase, bittrex, bitfinex, binance.
They'll take better care of your keys than you while you get used to the whole scene.
You can transfer it to cold storage at a later point when you're more familiar with the tech
I’m kinda new too.
Bags are:2.3 BTC5000 LINK1000 BMC(Yes you can make fun of me for the last 2)I keep my BTC in Electrum (it’s a software wallet).
I got this from a recco on /biz.
They have a Windows .exe and a Mac APP.
It is NOT accessible via iPhone but may have an Android app.
Not sure as I have an iPhone.
Again the client works in Mac OS and Windows.
I keep all other coins in MyEtherWallet.
It’s a browser/web wallet (ie doesn’t require software.
It will hold basically any crypto EXCEPT for BTC.
thanks, but how do i actually generate a private / public key?
(anonymously and securely)for example, if i wanted to put all my crypto in cold storage just to hodl(I want to engrave the keys on metal myself and hide that away)how would i generate the keys for that, without them ever being seen by another person / going through a computer?i'm starting with about $3k to test the waters, then i'll gradually increase over time to upwards of $30k
USE EXODUS success
I don't think it's possible to generate the keys without a computerYou can download the official bitcoin client, run it on an offline computer and then generate the keys
ok great, thank you
Also recommended on /biz (for when you get enough BTC that you want it in cold storage) is the Ledger Nano S. Google it.
It’s a USB Type hardware wallet.
I actually have one but had trouble setting it up and ran out of patience.
(Again I only have 2.3 BTC right now anyway).
I’ll give it another shot when I get to my goal of 5.0