WHAT IS IT'S FUCKING PROBLEM
nigga do you not see what's going on?
no, help me out man.
Thought alts were rising again now that the btc fork shit is cancelled
Delete this.
All the volume is going to BCC/BTC shit.
Nobody cares about alts like REQ right now, be patient
top kek.
u clueless bitch
why tho, I was gone for a while and just read about the cancelled fork dude
STOP FUCKING SHILLING TO THE PAJEETS AND JEWS
No one is even looking at alts right now while this bch shitshow is going on bro.But desu picking up alts at these prices right now could be insanely smart money.. that is ofcourse assuming everything blows over by tomorrow and the difficulty change and bch goes back to being an irrelevant shitcoin.Otherwise if they keep this shit up i'm just gonna cash out all my crypto profit.. fuck staying around to witness what happens due to this
BCC went from 650 to 2400 in about 30 hours, and maybe is crashing now.
All the BTC went there.
holy fucking shit.
Relax man.
All alts got sucked dry from BCC.
The money is already flowing back in, just hold tight and be patient.
What goes down must go up and vice versa - it's fucking physics.
Nikka..
I'm buying more at a discount while people fomoed into BCH shitcoin.
Hope they get reqkt n BCH.
Picked up another 100K of REQ at .00135 Feels comfy
Request ICO was a copy and paste of Kyber's
kek i made huge profit off of bcc, when this run is over and done with i'll be buying at least a couple mil of REQYW pajeets
m8 this isn't the time to bring up altcoinsthey're all bleeding right now
Is this that revain coin?That steemit clone except for reviews
What are you trying to tell us?
Do you recommend buying Litecoins and Ethereum?I put in $2.50 for LTC because I was scared about buying an alt and I decided to put in $3.00 into ETH.
I noticed both of them were rising on the charts shown on Coinbase.I am a complete newb to all of this.
Stop with wasting your time.
You wont get anywhere with These low USD numbers.
I put most of my money into BTC.
I was told $30 is too low to get anywhere but that was all I could afford.
Am I wasting my time there too?
Yes.
You clearly are.
Either bet on an ultra shitcoin to get a crazy return or go wagecuck some money to srly Invest.
Yeah, now seems like a good idea to stock up.Fuck this BCH/BTC shitfest.
I don't know where else to buy from besides Coinbase and (lol) Xapo.
DELETThis is one of the first major Moons after BTC: Civil War 2 BugPeople Boogaloo is settled.
Unironically just bought 100K when it dipped to 720 sats.