I lost 60% of my investment (30k) because I fell for the BCH meme.
Than, instead of learning from my mistake, I fell for the shills yesterday again believing it would moon, and tried to chase another pump.
I lost another 20% doing that.I have nevert felt so humiliated and ashamed before.
I have lost my will to live and have accepted the fact I will stay ugly, lonely and poor forever.
But mostly, I just feel ashamed I fell for the meme twice.
Actually; i just remembered I fell for the BCH meme in August to and already lost 20% back than (bought high; sold low).Why am I such a failure?
I dont even have the balls or courage to kms.
I don't understand why you people didn't buy at 0.08?
lmao another core cuck threatgtfo of biz shill you have no place here
this
Than, instead of learning from my mistake, I fell for the shills yesterday again believing it would moon, and tried to chase another pump.
I lost another 20% doing that.You should've recognized most of the volume was on a Korean exchange.
And the moment the Korean exchange went down, all momentum was lost.
Seriously it's so simple.
If you believe in on chain scaling for the future hold cash.
If you want offchain solutions in a few years hold bitcoin.
If you don't believe in cash sell it.
If you don't believe in core sell it.
Stop making these stupid fucking threads
Bought at 750-800, still holding.
BCH has until january first to win.
Then coinbase releases lots of new BCH into the market that can drop the price.If Ethereum announces POS imminent in the meanwhile, I'm jumping ship to Ethereum.Btw I know you're lying OP.
You never bought any BCH to begin with.You need to study more psychology.
man this is also my story, you are not alone, i made all the wrong movesi am now avoiding BTC and BCH completely, im only doing stuff with ethereum and usdt, so far so good
You're just impatient.
I know HODL is a giant reddit meme but sometimes holding is the best strategy.
At any point before this last weekend you bought in to BCH, at worst you would have 2x your investment if you just held through and sold today.I'm taking this with a big rock of salt because we're on /biz/ after all but why are you putting 50k into this realm if you keep chasing meme dreams?
Avoid USDT it's a time bomb.
They have not promised to and never will prop up the price at 1 dollar by endlessly buying it if there is a mass sale of it.
They have explicitly said that they are not obligated to do so in disclaimers.
bagholders finally getting nervous>starting to realize the truth that they'll never get their money backHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Just how high did you buy it at?
larping as a loser to try and FUD BCH
You will be sent the 'Bought at ATH' psychological package.
Without going into details, it will teach you how to cop with retardation and credulity.
Nobody needs to fud counterfeit Bitcoin.
The current price does it all by itself.