Happy thanksgiving /biz/!
>confido partnered with faceappthanks, bought 100k
Thank you fuckers.You fuckin idiots buy anything i got a pajeet from freelancer to make that ico and website.And you fell for it !!
HAHA!
Even pumped to 30x+ What a fuckin idiots.
I made millions on this bitch.You think im going to cash out ?
Do i look like a stupid fucker ?
i'm slowly gonna liquidate money on whatever i need.
I'm not that stupid to suddenly go out and buy a lambo.Best,Joost
Hello Mr van DoornJ.
here, hope you are enjoying the holiday.
While it’s true that most government offices are closed on thanksgiving, some are not.
While I am aware that you are not actually the “real” Mr. van Doorn (an alias, btw) I’ll reply as if you were.
First, we at the United States Government would like to congratulate you on your newfound wealth.
I would also personally like to express my admiration at your efforts to conceal your identity.
Your level of patience is somewhat uncommon among alleged criminals, although not unique in the world of financial crimes.
I would certainly advise against you purchasing a sports car of any variety, not that I think you would be that foolish.
I’m sure by now you are aware that many of your investors have some questions for you, questions that will most likely go unanswered.
We’ve got some questions as well, quite a few actually, out questions are usually very thorough and quite comprehensive.
I’m rambling, let me wrap this up...as they say, brevity is the soul of wit.
Enjoy the holiday season (while you can,) my colleagues and I may be slow, extradition requires substantial paperwork after all, but we will be paying you a visit sooner or later.
We’ll be in touch...sooner or later :)Be seeing you,J
4528890kek please continue
I like where this is going
Dear Joost, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'I left my name, my email and my wallet at the bottomI made two posts back in autumn, you must not've got 'emThere probably was a problem with the pass or somethin'Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'emBut anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man?
How's your ICO?My girlfriend's on crypto too, I'm 'bout to be a ballerIf I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?I'ma name her AnoukI read about your stash too, I'm sorryI had a friend kill himself over some Digibyte shit in JulyI know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fanI even got the underground shit that you did with VitalikI got a room full of your posters and your whitepapers, manI like the shit you did with Sergei too, that shit was phatAnyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me backJust to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Anon
Thank you for this anon
/10
i love you anon srs.
waiting for the next verse
Amazing.
kek
keksimus