BTC just wiped out the green dildo.
Prepare the wojacks!
Cashie here.I admit defeat.
Punish me daddy btc,I've been a bad boy.
Why is LTC in pic?
It's based off BTC network
Bitcoin is just too strong.
Alts don't stand a chance.
Because it bleeds like all the rest.
N-noo!
This can't be happening!
Which altcoins to buy now, considering that BTC makes them all bleed?
BTC.
LTC doesn't really bleed like the rest, in fact it's relatively stable compared to the rest
Have you ever looked at a ltc/btc chart before?
Ah yes.
The old mantra "buy high, sell low".
Please meet.
GUYS IT IS GOING TO $15K
Can anyone tell me how TA could have predicted the big green dildo?
BTC has always been the only hot shit everyone wants.... Alt's are just a scam, % of them will be dead in 10 years.
It can't.
That doesn't mean TA is useless though.
TA's genuinely fucking worthless, all the supposed professionals I saw have consistently predicted a dip prior to every new ATH.
Even when they're correct, just remember a broken clock's right twice a day
I COULD'VE HAD A $150K PORTOLIO RIGHT NOW IF JUST SOLD THOSE MOTHERFUCKING SHITTY ASS ALTS LIKE WTC AT THEIR PEAK IN OCTOBRE AND HELD THE BTC.WHY DO I HAVE TO SUFFER LIKE THIS?
WHY DO BILLIONS OF DOLLARS KEEP FLOWING INTO BITCOIN LIKE IT'S FUCKING NOTHING?
Can someone pls photoshop a second kid solely with Bitcoin Cash logo on him?
ahaha bch is the new btc AMIRIGH
It reached resistance, it could have been reflected (which still can happen) or jump, either way, it had to do something funny.
Even my non-tech girlfriend wants Bitcoins now.
She asked me where to buy this hahahaLike she is the dumbest person i know, seriously she has no clue at all on tech or econ; but i imagine the mass media brainwashed now every normie to the maxx about Bitcoin.
I'm just glad the fucking chinks lost, fuck BCH
Share pics.
If she's as dumb as you say she must have something beautiful about her.
Brainwashing makes bagholders.
The next btc dip will come, they'll try again.>A fork was announced>Anonymous main dev>it was withdrawn>BCH skyrocketsWell what a coincidence.
Why are you faggots always shilling LTC now?It's the only coin that delays Get over it
Not gonna share her pics on some chink forum full of faggots but i told the truth with my statement about her and BTC
Oh ok, so I guess she's not real.
Cool.
Another sad virgin here.
Dude i slept with 15+ girls in my life and am 34, a grown man that walked through baths of steel and fire.
I don't need to make things up, seldomly do i lie cause thats weak ass shit im not doing out of principle.
demand for BTC is always there, as it is an easy way to send money everwhere in the world, completely unhindered by governments, banks and other authorities.>sudden bullruns drive up the price even more, and due to the previous point it stays there forever, unless there is some extremely bad news (e.g.
china ban or BCH takeover attempt).it's the only logical conclusion i can come up with.
nah, first 100, then 300, then 2800.. bch will keep gaining value and stifling btc growth until they even out.
I'd guess by the 7th BCH pump, BCH will be over BTC for the rest of time.
4397169fiat is king
Sure dude.
Sure.
It's a ok to be a failure dude.
No need to larp about something as stupid as having a girlfriend.
I'd guess by the 7th BCH pumpI'm pretty sure at that point people will stop trusting BCH as it keeps going up and then dumping
make memes
not in its current form.a) You still need banks to use it for something worthwhile.
Acceptance of btc is okay but it is still far from useful.b) it's way to volatile.
MFW bought bitcoin 2 days ago for 1000 USD
TERMINATED.
the volatility is crazy, yes, but i don't think the black market cares about that.
BCH hasn't gained value.
It launched at 1200, dropped like a stone, got pumped to make room in the market for the inner circle to get their stake out, and then it dropped like a stone again.
Every market cares.
BCH only hit 1000 today
Haha great shit
Looks like it's going far.
Any projections?