"quietly moons"this is your last and ONLY chance
wtf didn't even notci this shit, why the fuck is it mooning REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
ZE FLIPPENING IS HERE!
HAIL VICTORY!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc-DgRO1SrQ
lol
fuck you nigger is not funny I have a short opened on this pos
Shorting the one TRUE bitcoinTO THE GAS CHAMBER WITH YOU!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPzTGx96P6U
nigger its about to hit 700. rip
The flippening is truly starting.I shit you not.
got both, just in casedon't tell me to go one way or the other.. i'm heavier on numbers or BCH and value for BTC.
i don't think the corporate goons behind btc will let it die completely and i expect BCH to go absolutely nuts in the near future.
i bought a shitload of ether $10-12 and sold back for btc at .8.
BCH is a real solution to a world problem.
Billions of people worldwide have zero access to banks or money transfers.
BTC allowed people to send and store money since the day of it's creation and THAT FACT gave it value.
BTC will grow because it will be drivin by greed and fueled by ignorance.
BCH will go on to change the world and bring the beauty of BTC to the mainstream.
It has many Fiat pairs and will be added to Coinbase by the beginning of 2018.
Merchants that have used BTC for years, once again waive transaction fees for BCH.
Underestimating chink bitternessOverestimating sealing the deal with chinks...This moons very soonIm waiting for a little BTC griwth to drop my BTC bags
quietlyThat's not how mooning works
IT'S FUCKING MOONING!
*VUVUZELAS* GET IN FUCKERS!ABORT BTC NOW
Got two of theseShould I get more?
Going to parity with bitcoin soon..... that is 1:1
you would be buying cvlose to ATH.
BCC will never maintain a price more than 10% of BTC.
Never has, never will.
You might be safe to 720, but if I was a whale I would dump the fuck out of this at $700.
try 100 nigger
you core shills are getting really desperate now aren't you
And down it goes.
lol.
I just bought at 690... am i late for the fork party?
Buckle up boys.There's going to be a week of core shills in their deathrattles.BCH is the only way to ensure that you have money when the dust settles
stay around nigger, I will pee all over you in some 120 minutes
I know the IQ is really low on Biz, but what the fuck are you guys doing buying this at ATH?
Flippening by Christmas!
Satoshi's vision will ultimately prevail
hahahahaha here comes the whole folder.
same file names as last time
Ummmmm, those "30% of miners" are fake accounts at Amazon, Anon.
is go time?
This fucking chink scamcoin is unbelievable
Just soldDon't get greedy
try harder with the FUD corecuck
How do you not see the macro forces at play here?
That is an act of war?Why would they make war?Because they're threatened.
I promise to you on my life that you guys can make a lot of money by seeing the big picture.
yes
hm should i buy into fomo
It's not fomo.
It's protecting your investments!This is bigger than a simple pump
lmao bch is here to stay
4276356.1 BTC by midnight!
The blitzkrieg has started!
Officially got my short liquidated.It’s over for me, I’m killing myself.
begin the flippening
Kinda what I figured.
Whale dump at 710.
Yeah you weren't gonna make it anyways
Goes up to 2k by 2018
Should i buy now or wait for a dip?
will it even dip at all?
I told you, filthy mutt.
Only if bitcoin goes to 20K
FOMO'd at 0.098
Classic /biz/
You will never make it either
Buy at 680, dump at 710, wash rinse repeat.
Its what I'm doing until this scam dies down.
Might as well make some money off of others gullability
Are you going to wait to FOMO in after .1?
Remember how you didn't buy into BTC all those times it kept going up?
this is going to 2.5k by the end of the month.
the mining fiasco.
BIG money wants IN!
aaaand DUMP.
I remember another thread where an anon was doing this in the 400 dollar range and thought he was a badass.
You are seriously retarded at this point if you can't see why bch will go over 1k.
This discussion has only been going on daily for 3 months, where you guys never win.
u might actually be retarded
bank of the unbankedsuck it haters.
So s.korea is a third world shit country right?
Kim tests one little nuke and this goes to $100 in 5 seconds.
lol
Same with bitcoin you stupid fucking nigger.
Holy shit, saw this earlier, missed the dip at 90 thinking it was going to crash back down.... fomo buy in at 97 and still pumping.
Markets are crazy lately
this .3 spam on binance
BCH is going to overtake bitcoin in 9 days.
You have been warned.
And dumped again.
Will buy back in a couple of minutes.
This is fun.
thank you all for the Sats.
Are you ok?
Can you stop posting for a bit?
BTC is buying so hard to keep the ratio suppressed knowing the market psychology of BCH breaking .1 is huge
Id rather buy bitbean
DESU I honestly miss the daily bitbean threads.
That was one of the staple shitcoins back in the day.
Can you?
Both $0.
Never will break .1 for long always has snapped back to .08 when it pushes past .1, always will.
You guys are fucking retarded.
This is just Sorks buying and undervalued coin back up to .1.
S-SEE ITS CRASHING GUYS HAHAHA JUST ANOTHER SHITCOIN BACK TO BTC>G-GUYS ITS CRASHING DON'T YOU SEE HAHA CYA LATER SUCKERS
muhhnuke>muh war
Most likely will not make it up to .1 in this uncertain environment.
binance broke it multiple times
nigger i've got my market sell ready so shut the fuck up for being mad at others gains you autistic little asssplurge
Whoever started this pump and suckered you guys in to it is sucking your satoshis out at $710.
Keep feeding him, Cucks.
I got out but what are u talking about?
can some mods ban this retard please he is actually so retarded it's triggering
14 posts by this pajeet and counting
whoever this is knows the true value of this coin.
.1.
Thats it.
Anything else is delusional.
so much green in this thread
I dropped 100 BTC in at 0.080 yesterday.
Drove it up to 0.087 on poloniex.
I'm still hungry.
fire - https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY
lol.
Glad to see someone raping these fools.
Good job, mate.
?
rofl
ANNNND THE CRASH HAS BEGUN MUAHAHAHAHAHA.
RUN PAJEETS RUN!!!!
/10 of Bitcoin.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!
* breathes in * HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!1
crashhmm notice a pattern anon?
https://bitcoinclassic.com/news/closing.htmlHAHAHAHA
Kinda like this one?
It's crazy to think that a few months ago, some poor dumb bastard bought this at 0.5 btc
noob here, what does that mean?
sell?
buy?
panic?
https://bitcoinclassic.com/news/closing.htmlIt means Bitcoin Legacy has won, and all of the Bitcoin Cash Scammers in this thread just got blown the fuck out.
What is 0.3's guy end game here
the bots are out today
It means dont buy right now.
Wait for the huge selloff and buy when it's low in a few days and idiots start spamming "muh flippenang!"
He just shit on bitcoin/blockstream and their supporters.
Calling them out for the children they are and their inability to compromise, Which will lead to the inevitable destruction of their vaporware garbage coin.
Salty Scammer is Salty.
probably binance themselves, fucking scamming chinks>ELEPHANT PARTNERSHIP CHINA NEO WALTON VEN ALL IN ONE
You have serious mental issues
427685042769824277019
This.
If you can live with participating in this weekly scam.
AND BOOM, DOWN INTO THE 950's!
SELL SELL SELL GET OUT OR BAG HOLD FOREVER!!!!!!!
I could push this to 0.1 if I wanted to by dropping in another 10% of my coins.Decisions decisions.
No, you really couldn't.
You're some poor faggot virgin that's currently crying at his keyboard because he bought in at 992 and is losing YET AGAIN!
SELL BITCH SELL!
lol.
Just tank it, and pump it again in two days.
This is always entertaining.
DOUBLE TOP FORMATIONITS OGRE
Lol.
So who all FOMO'd at ATH?
Report in by the numbers so I can screencap it, please.
25 posts by this IDwew laddy.just accept we got cucked by bch and move on
427706842770954277115
4277153saduhAHAUHEHUAUHEAWUHEAWUAEUHWREAWRUYAEUHWEAUWRHEAUEAUHUHAEUHEDAUHJAEUHAEUHAEW
shut your goddamn whore mouth
el dios mio
I'm serious I think he has some serious undiagnosed mental problems.
I've never seen anyone like this on 4chan.
I more or less agree with the idea behind Cash in general, but the decision to hard-fork without consensus was just fucking stupid.
Sorry you expect everyone to follow Moses through the fucking desert on acts of faith in the Magical Visions of Satoshi and politicize a relatively minor quibble like screeching autists right when BTC is finally gaining traction and legitimacy.
I don't like a lot of Core's tactics and motives either, but pick your battles and realize you are as insane as Libertarian politician to think people are going to jump off the original chain over who can yell HERETIC the loudest.No fuck rocket-fuel, what we need is to tear the community into factions not even a decade in like a bunch of religious fuckwits over a few dollars to speed up your transaction queue.
Nobody wants this shitty altcoin you faggot, Bitcoin is the only crypto.There's tons of people with a shitload of bitcoins and this altcash garbage who haven't gotten around to / can't be bothered dumping this trashJust like eth and every altcoin, long term value is zero.Even whales like ver and the chink can't keep it propped up forever
larp
Im getting the sentiment that bch was and is satoshis true vision and new coiners have also discovered this to be the case i mean the fees on btc are fucking insane
I know we're right on a fib line.
I don't see us sitting under it for longer then a few days.
If you dont drive a lambo kys
This
Technically the ATH was back in August when it was worth .2 BTC for a few days.I did do the "ATH" of tonight though
You know Bitcoin Classic is a dual use client, and the lead feels that it served its purpose since he's all in on Bitcoin Cash now, right?
Kys
It was 3 years in the making.
You faggots either want it or you don't bitcoin needed a scaling solution half a year ago.
You babbies dragged your feet and now you're dropped.
Suck my dick I drive an AMG I don't want a bunch of slackjawed normies photographing me wherever the fuck I go.
Yeah while you go to starbucks right you are the normie faggot, regardless mirrin
This.
Newfags don't know how much bullshit bigblockers went through, all the "store of value plz no coffee" retard talk for 3 years can drive anyone mad.
hide your power level bro
the real bitcoin.
bch
That is the real issue.
Sucks because I love the noise.
lol keeping btc on an exchange
Who are you talking to?
Invisible enemies?
You understand no one outside of your various circle-jerk subreddits gives a shit about all this except as far as its profitable.Bitcoin is Bitcoin whether you like it or not.
You don't have to support it and can make all the altcoins you want but when you act like fucking Lutherans about how X is the "new REAL bitcoin" you undermine any point you might have had.A perfect litmus test for if you fork is a shitcoin is as follows; If Bitcoin Core enacts whatever demands Bitcoin "X" forked over, or down the line becomes superior due to the processes Satoshi expected, which one is the truer Bitcoin and which becomes the new "fake"?If you are honest with yourself you will realise that just like with Catholocism, the premise of the church stands on its original premise and conception or the very Holy Word of Satoshi you use as justification becomes as useless as the bible.
ATH was over 0.4SHITCOIN we will bust through that by Christmas, look at the butter walls melt
When do I buy this ?
Now or is it gonna dip a bit more ?
Only a portion.
Margin lending most of it.
Fuck off this board is for poor fags to lose what little money we have
You're pseudo intellectual with 0 understanding of what's happening.
I know he is in every BCH thread with the same memes and same shitty FUD he is also this ID IpMCH7KB

The amazon nodes were full nodes, not mining nodes.
Mining support is measured by signalling on blocks, not node count lol.
posts now.
The organized fudding is a clear buy signal.Also, when the marketcap is this high, you can't fucking manipulate the price.
You sound a lot like this guy
4277490excellent rebuttal, queers.
>Also, when the marketcap is this high, you can't fucking manipulate the price.Tell that to 0.3
$1>not a high fee
It will grow by 10 percent then dip by 5 and repeat for 18 days or less and then Bitcoin will be liberated
now would be a good time to buy, once it breaches .1 it's going straight vertical
I'm the same guy I just wanted to add that on.
It's obvious you're from reddit at this point.
And of course the rest of the market cares this entire debate and forking bullshit has stagnated the alt market for months.
Who's that?
Seriously?
What magician tells you that?I could pop it to 0.1 and beyond with one order on Poloniex, you really think it takes off from there?
Talk is cheap.
https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAYgottem
not from reddit for what its worth (nothing), just sick of this bullshit fucking with my trip to the moon which would have been here by now if not for all this autism.
NO ONE WANTS TO GET DRAGGED INTO THIS SHIT, HANDLE IT AND DON'T EXPECT ME TO USE FACTION DRAMA AS A VIABLE FINANCIAL STRATEGY REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
it's just a psychological level, how markets tend to work
hardforks were never going to happen
not a fed guys don't worry100% from reddit, who the fuck discloses that#bchNumber1InJP
You understand no one outside of your various circle-jerk subreddits gives a shit about all this except as far as its profitable.>If you are honest with yourself you will realise that just like with Catholocism, the premise of the church stands on its original premise and conception or the very Holy Word of Satoshi you use as justification becomes as useless as the bible.words of someone who truly doesn't use faction drama
trump sold your commie ass out were going with the chinks f#$k you jews
It should have scaled, there should have been compromise.
It's not faction drama bitcoin cash is technologically superior in every single way at this point.
Buying bitcoin is just like buying function less garbage + LN futures
implying Satoshi isn't Jesus>implying BCash isn't Bitcoin
 u-ur f-from r-redditYou realize reddit's bitcoin "userbase" is the central hive of worship for BCH right?
Like you, they spend all day talking about "satoshi's vision" and imagining that what they think about anything is v. important instead of completely irrelevant.
replace your sentence with any alt-coin making the same claim and see if anyone gives a you don't get to declare Independence and shit.
If its so superior, then work for a soft-fork.
Soft-fork is overthrowing the government by consensus, hard-fork is declaring independence.
You don't get to be England anymore, you are a separate entity.
I know enough about Satoshi to know he created his system with both miners and markets balancing each other internally, not ideological evangelizing of external human drama and paid intrigue (on both sides).
Look at the value of all cryptos post-Nov 8 16:58 UTC, time when S2x cancellation was posted.https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-segwit2x/2017-November/000685.html BTC initially spikes up, then down since.All major alts are up since.BCH initially spikes down, now it's also moving upward.BCH is winning.
if you are worth 1/10th the value of your opponent, you're winning!Canada-tier logic.
I don't care about your personal interpretation of market trends and this cool graph some guy made
And the idiocy is showing again.
You still have your split coins from july right?
Is that what it turned into?
I'm guessing that's because everyone on /r/bitcoin is banned at this point.
It's not my personal interpretation, it's pretty obvious lol.Literally every coin EXCEPT BTC is up following the S2X cancellation announcement.
You mean the same bitcoin thats still up like 20% from a month ago?
You mean the same altcoins that are recovering being being dumped on , hard?Come back when you actually learn what "winning" is and get your speculation out of my face im rich you're some poor nigger monk waiting for a reckoning that will never come.
Wew lad no brakes on this train
c-cash is up over x2 r-richard
should i buy
worthless x2 is still worthless.
my cash is not even worth downloading a wallet over until I can dump it 2K or so
You honestly might not have to wait longer then a few weeks
great, then I wont have to think about it ever again
about to break 0.1 on bittrex hnnnggg
What the fuck is this?
1 Bithumb BCH/KRW $451,781,000 $715.31 42.37% RecentlyWhat they mean by this
>tfw chewing into the .1 sell wall
fucking fire, can you not hear or read?
fucking kek
you didnt heard this from me but a lot of fuckin people who are at the btc top are being very fuckin sneaky and buying a lot of bch for a certain reason i cant go into because i heard it from someone who i cant name and i didnt believe his bs but hes always been my go to and i all in on bch , i suggest u buy bch biz your about to see some real shit go down soon
I’ve been saying this for days.
It was above 0.1 a few weeks ago you daft fucking cuck.It won't go above your buy-in point though
Elllllllaborate pls anon I’m about to pull the trigger
Korean literally tried of roundeye bullshit.
Is this still going up?Just bought 3.
Am I going to make it?
Its simple there is no segwit 2x fork which mean bch is the only big block solution.
Blockstreams solution is higher fees and 2 chains with 1mb block size.
its a no brainer
this moon mission will last until at least the 13th when it forks, so you still have three days of upside before a possible correction/dip
The fees are only higher if you don't use segwit.
Legacy chain's solution is segwit.I'd rather use fucking Dash than BCH.
Wtf are you talking about nobody is accumulating because of the upcoming fork/upgrade people are accumulating because the coin is radically undervalued
agree, but short-term there will likely be a sell the news drop after the fork, so I'll be looking for a place to sell and re-buy
>WhBp3/uU bought in at 350. numbers have meaning in this game brotha.
people see .1 after staring at it for weeks hoping for a break and when it comes...well the candles speaks for itself.
will it last...probably not.
i tried to short and lost some of my stack.
no worries.
bought back in and already made it back.
cheers
This adds a new interesting hedge against BTC.
Hope you make some solid gains.
anon of dubs, pls, i believe in BCH with all of my all, feeding into it with my wageslaves biweekly, but have only made it to 0.1 BCHCould you spare me a 0.1?
I want to make it, and I'll keep to believing and buying into Satoshis true idea1Jgud7UYVoJ5eQmR1Rb2Nrh1z6nZuvvZ9E
If the flippening is going to happen into BCC then why the fuck wouldn't people just "flippen" into something that does the same thing but better like LTC/VTC/GRS etc.
sold all my alts and went all inhope I wont regret it by morning
BCCthe acronym is BCHand all those other "ASIC resistant" coins are memes dude.
No hashing algo is completely ASIC resistant, just less popular so nobody has bothered to develop ASIC's for it yet.
This is why BCH is flippening, because there is so much money already invested in ASICS for it, so many merchants that recognize it etc.
being this uneducatedThose don't do it better.Those have scaling problems.
BCH has tech potential to rival VISA and it does have miner support.
But you probably live in a fantasy land where you'll refuse to accept that.Not only does it have miner support, but there are exchanges preparing to accept it as BITCOINBobby Lee, Charlie Lee's brother, runs an exchange in china and has been open about this.Say what you will.
BCH is basically ubiquitous as BTC in Asiatic countries.
the bigger question is why didnt u short on ur dumb coins to get onto bcc
Does anyone know how the Lightning network is supposed to work?
I have some technical questions.pls
LN is never going to exist dude.
Don't believe in it.
Pretty certain this anon is larping, but regardless, the point still stands and the logic is actually sound.
Some miners have been mining BCH up a fucking STORM even at a loss, for several weeks now.
This is not news.
But it indicates that many big players are hedging their bets HARD with BCH.
Bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin.
There’s currently now no scaling solution for the original bitcoin chain.
Bitcoin cash IS bitcoin pre-segwit.
The implications of this are debatable but the facts remain the same - at this current moment, BCH IS BECOMING THE DE FACTO BITCOIN before your very eyes.
Hope you’re already in.
I got in 3 days ago when I saw the shilling all over /biz/.....it’s really simple you brainlets.
Wait for a dip maybe, but plan on this for the long term
BCH has tech to rival VISAlolBTC and BCH both have shit tech compared to 99% of any random shitcoins on the market.
But BTC has the one thing that actually matters: the "Bitcoin" branding and first movers advantage.
If people are gonna stop using the coin withthe branding and first movers advantage, they may as well flip into something better altogether then the whole Bitcoin family tree of coins.If we ever get to a situation where BCH is nearing parity with BTC in terms of value, then it's just gonna kill the creditbility of anything "Bitcoin" related.
Whether people move onto Litecoin, or into ETH/NEO, or Monero, etc.
I don't know.
That's kinda what I figured, but I don't understand how the Core supporters think it will actually work in the first place.I mean... to open a channel you need to fund it with Bitcoin right?
And then that bitcoin is stuck in that channel until the channel is closed right?
So I'm basically putting money into a spending account and I can't get unspent money out without paying the fees, and I can't add more money without paying fees?
It just sounds so retarded.
I must not understand it correctly or something.
Basically core hands out permissions to various banking-esque companies for sidechains.
They compress all the transactions into a hash and write that small hash to the blockchain.
You pay a subscription to these services to keep track of your money.
As these sidechains can carry hundreds to thousands of transactions per block and blocks will be permanently crippled in size, it'll be prohibitively expensive to send an ordinary transaction written directly on the blockchain, so you'll have to choose a sidechain service.You're now at the whim of these sidechain services to actually transfer bitcoin.
For one, you can expect these services will be subject to AML/KYC las all banks are.
They'll probably approve or disapprove your transactions based on fraud risk and be subject to government regulation as to what transactions can be approved or disapprove.
You'll likely need to have your ID registered with these sidechain services as well, and governments can regulate or shutdown these sidechain services as deemed necessary, seizing your funds the same way they'd freeze a bank account just by calling up your bank.
Right so the actual questions I have are about the coin needed to open a channel:Lets say I want to open a channel to fucking Amazon.bitcoin or whoever.
Opening and closing a channel happens on chain so fees are involved.
That I know.
So when I open a channel, I have to commit some bitcoin to this channel, right?
Maybe I decide to commit $1000 worth of coin.Now, this coin is stuck in the channel, all $1000 of it, until the channel is closed right?
So while I'm buying shit of amazon, they're not actually able to re-spend any of the coin yet cause they don't get anything until the channel closes.
And If I need my unspent coin back I have to close the channel.So is sounds like that $1000 is just sitting there doing nothing for weeks or months or however long the channel is open.
And I can't add coin without paying fees.
And I can't get unspent coin back without closing the channel and spending fees.Is that correct?
Cause that's fucking retarded.
Yep.
And the technology to do this doesn't even exist because LN is vaporware.
Right, so even if the technology magically comes into existence as promised in '18 months', it's not gonna do shit.Lets say opening a channel costs $20 and closing the channel costs $20... That means I could put $800 in the channel (locking up $800 of bitcoin for who knows how long) and still be paying 5% in fees which is fucking high compared to any other payment method.
And the other side won't even get a satoshi of the money for as long as the channel remains open which could be fucking ages.
The mind boggles.
wtf doesn't litecoin and vertcoin have lightning in beta or something?
The tech exists, just not for the lame ass bitcoin devs.
They need to completely overhaul bitcoin.
And in terms of figuring out a bitcoin scaling solution, they have time.
They'll get segwit adopted, it'll ease the current issues, then move on to other solutions like LN.
The whole point of crypto taking over is that it WILL BE REGULATED.
Its fucking a transparent ledger for fucks sake.
If you want shady shit, go use Zen cash or some other run of the mill privacy coin.
you won't keep that much money in a LN channel anyways, just like you wouldn't prepay for a bunch of goods on a site.
So god forbid the government shuts one down you wait a few weeks to get your 100$ back.
bcash aint shit, sorry to break it to you guys.
When John McAfee said bitcoin will go to 500k in 3 years, he was talking about Bitcoin Cash.He tweeted about it, and deleted it immediately because the timing was wrong.
With the S2X fork, the timing would have been perfect, but literally either way BCH would end up winning because you'd get the shitshow in mining and confusion with 1X vs 2x, but now you just end up with Cash vs Core.
The only advocates for Core are early adopters (which found it useful because of low tx fees, uncensorable, decentralized) and made a shit ton of money, and are looking after their stake.
if the world realizes bitcoin tech is old and doesn't fit future use cases, they won't choose bitcoin cash, a coin with equally shitty cash.
They'll move on to some brand spanking new ferrari-level coin (maybe built off hashgraph?
its cool if you haven't heard of it) thats faster than bitcoin can dream of reaching.
Mining is about to collapse anyways.
Proof of stake is becoming more and more accepted and secure.
systems worldwide were built to accommodate bitcoin transactions.
it won't be difficult to transition as opposed to using a whole new blockchain
hashgraph cannot be decentralized and also is patented, which disallows anyone else to use the technology.
Hashgraph won't be replacing blockchain ever.
I do agree that BCH is just flavor of the month and it's just a shitty and open to corruption as any other Bitcoin.
The shills in this thread are perfectly ignorant.
hashgraph had a lot of hype, they really should've made a coin.
Kinda shows they aren't scummy and instead just want to build a business around their dope technology.
But why not open source it later on for a coin, maybe governments license it or something.
The future I see is classic Bitcoin being digital gold, you just hold it and its expensive to transfer but who cares bc you just hold it.
Straight up world bank reserve status SDR.
Ethereum doesn't die out but doesn't dominate.
I see Hyperledger addressing many business concerns.
Newer smart contract platforms like Neo in the east will have some market share.
This is exactly the reason, why you will never be a whale m8.. :).
You lack the fundamental mindset, I feel so sorry for you.
The whales you are talking about are Shrimps on this level
I’m big bch supporter but today’s pump is way too much of a fomo rise and unhealthy.
I was happy with the slow growth we had over the past few weeks.Bch is now oversold at this point and will have to correct before we continue our journey up, just warning any of you newfags that are being tempted by the fomo right now
dude BTC 120billion market BCH 14billion big sell of of btc didnt even start yet lmaothe real fomo will start later
This is going to 873 WATCH
it wont do shit.
What's the best place to buy BCC?Is CDEX Gud?
hours until the difficulty adjustment on BTC.
After that, if the miners leave BTC for BCH, BTC will never recover.
It will take many hours to do one transaction and the flippening will be completely cemented.
>Korean bitcoin>shilled by bitcoin Judas and his apostles>mfw
https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG
the acronym is BCHglad you mentioned it anon, im getting tired of people using BCC which is a scam.