What do all you faggots crystal balls say about thisshit is dirt cheap and apart from volume i cant find an issue
Long term hold.
You won't be catching any quick moon missions with this unless it's a surprise pump.
It's a piece of shit exchange run by known scammers
I'm in for 20k.
The dividend payout seem to work fine and works even if you store the coss in an external wallet.
(i store mine on mew) Plan on holding for at least a year.
We'll see how fast they will progress but am hopeful.
Not interested in moon missions with a buy like this but whats up w all the neckbeards calling it a scam, didnt they already address these concerns somewhat?
They did.
Rune explained it somewhere.
The success of coss is 100% dependent on how well the exchange does and they are working on it but it takes time.
If coss even gets half the success of a large exchange the pay outs will be huge for holders.
coss is undervaluedworking exchangeweekly payoutsethereum foundation membersingapore basedicos in january
Exchange>Only problem is no volume Jesus you people are delusional.
wonder what will happen with the token when the company is bankrupt
Huurrr duurrr new businesses just magically make millions the first day they open.Shit takes time to grow unlike your brain you brainlet
It becomes a dead coin.
It isn't growing though.
It is dropping, volume was much higher in October.
Whats the point of posting thisShit is in beta, obviously theres a ton of issues right now, off the top of my head i'd say fiat exchange is going to slow it down considerably.
I'm talking long term issues.
I feel like people here are so hellbent on chasing lambos on moons they dismiss everything that wont get them rich 20 mins from now
No shit.
The only reason it had high volume was because the coss pump when it hit 20 cents.
The exchange is in beta and doesn't have a large base and it had higher than usual withdrawl fees.
When coss started dropping lots of people left the exchange.
Now they are adding more coins, changing fees, and improving the whole site.
That shit doesn't take a week to do.
They have to complete all that shirt then advertise and then volume will begin to increase.
Shut takes time you immediate gratification junkie.
Anyone who still has money in this is fucking retarded
fud
why would i ever want to invest in a company that claims it's ok to put all your money in their storages?
icos already going on, you can buy dropdeck -looks memeish to me- and gatcoin - could be huge - directly on coss.
they meet the heads of the icos personally before listing, to make sure shit is legit, so no confido for coss.
besides that every ico has to pay 200k coss in order to be listed.
people fud because they dont have in house devs, instead they got 3 teams offshore, which isnt a problem i guess.
one team for the backend, one team for the frontend, third team i dont know.the new ui should be out in january, until then i dont see much price action to happen
Cossplayers unite