Wtf is happening?Call me brainlet but I seriously don't understand this market anymore
No more segwit 2x.
People are just seeing the surge in price and buying not looking at the news.... not having the fork means people wont get the "free money" which has been steadily driving the price of bitcoin the last couple months.
Price is going to come down.
heh, he doesn't know exactly what and why everything is happening
there was never going to be any free money since one of the chain was supposed to die anywaynow that the uncertainty is out of the window, institutional whales are storming the exchanges
People were waiting until after the 2x fork to buy...
I was waiting to invest 5k after the fork.
Because of a healthy pullback.
Now impatient people are buying!!
I'm buying all time high too!!
you never did understand it, you just thought you did.
that's far more dangerous.
Nobody knows
Don't ask too many questions
there was going to be free money, it's incredibly easy to split a non-replay chain on bitcoin thanks to some of the additions it got over the past 3 years.the simple fact is no more bitcoin uncertainty > free altcoins
institutional whales are storming the exchangesonly to open short positions mayberisk reward ratio of shorting now is waaay more better now because institutional whales love ta and it says ~8.2k is the end of a wave and correction can go to 4k
I feel like I am loosing my mind, why the fuck is bitcoin surging?
Is alt-season canceled?
>segwit is a flop >BTC is shooting up>Altcoins are all pumping now too I don't even know anymore honestly
LOL REKT
Don't you faggots understand the fork only represented huge UNCERTAINTY.
2x wasn't even an upgrade, it was just delaying the inevitable.
Those blocks would have been filled up again in no time and we'd have to go through the same thing.
Now that the uncertainty was removed all the short sellers betting on it to defeat the S1X chain got insta-liquidated causing the sudden pop upwards.
Jews lost.
They suck at things that they can't subvert or manipulate, because when they can't do those things, it poses challenge to their infinite intelligence (I'm sure you're aware of the High IQ Jew meme)
buying all time highthere is no fucking all time high with BTCEVERY FUCKING DAY IS ALL TIME HIGH
Than why was bitcoin also surging when the fork was close?