"tee hee MY alt doesn't suffer when bitcoin goes on a rampage!
""this will be $100 by Christmas!
""it reminds me of NEO!!!
"Get fucked, arrogant Liskers.Now you're bleeding tears of red candles like the rest of us.You should have sold and taken your profits, like the Koreans who just dumped on you.Hint: Anytime a coin does "unnaturally well" when the rest of the market is bleeding, it is an artificial pump and you should be ready to take profits at the peak.
Still up about double from a few days ago you dumb shit.
why does their logo remind me of a buttplug
kek back in 2016 LISK was shilled all over /biz as an alternative to Ethereum ("the russian scam" (tm))Get fucked niggers
selling lisk with upcoming korean exchange listings, reduction of rewards, nov 22nd meeting and further classification of rebranding and sdk which will be released in q1 2018. sure i see lisk going below 0.001 short term again but i can also see lsk going higher than this rally's peak of 0.0015 in the next few months after btc corrections occurs.
im a bad trader and hodl my coins long term instead of trading
tfw emotionally attached to my shitcoins>tfw i never sell>tfw btc might moon even more and decimate the value of my long term crypto hodlif im a shit trader what else can i do but hodl though?
i dont give two shits about bitcoinpeople that bought eth at 3$ and sold now still made a fuckton of moneyif you catch the drift
i dont give two shits about bitcoin i care about btc value more than fiat value because i dont see btc long term trend ever stopping barring any quantum decryption or global ban spearheaded by governments and banks.
btc might retrace 50%-80% but overall i think accumulation of btc is more important than accumulation of fiat.
im regretting not being able to sell my altcoins like lsk higher and buy low but i lack the discipline to be a good trader so i have to hodl
i care about btc value more than fiat value because i dont see btc long term trend ever stopping barring any quantum decryption or global ban spearheaded by governments and banksKek retard, how about the Bitfinex Tether fraud?
You really think this will go on for years without them being investigated for pumping the price artificially?