Anon is shit at making threads editionRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gO7uemm6Yo
When is the stock market going to crash so we can buy the dip?
Now seems like a good time to buy the LODE dip when you can actually move it almost by yourself.
>cukstuck mining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OOJsUyCu8gthis market is more bold and beautiful
>KTOShonestly, prime buying opportunity.
I can't remember the last time I saw it so far below 11$
Feelsgood not holding that shit
JCP is elite
Ptn
We world peace now, nigga.
What made RELY go down?
TRXC
stop going down
This.
Still expecting Trump to come out and say how we're selling a shit load of weapons to a bunch of slant eyes so I'm still bullish on DFEN.
It's the stock market.
You know man, some times things go up sometimes things go down.
dumped my options while i could get out ahead.
might be premature but feels strong PM and weak during hours.
AMD was a mistake
RELY picking up volume, perhaps it will recover today?
negative 16million stuckholder equity over 500million in negative retained earnings.
Gee i wonder why it went down

HFT manipulation directed by the federal reserve pretty obvious
anyone playing SSYS earnings?
thinking about shorting.
you clowns see the bloodbath in GE today?
NAK to the moon when?
Cut that dividend in half, what did you expect?
Feels absolutely fantastic lads, sales in US ramping up!
i assumed divy cut was already prices in, must have been more than market was expecting
XXII
That's it for today.
In and out real quick.
Good luck guys, gonna look for some swing positions after lunch.
I’ve got two grand to play with, what’s the deal these days?
Haven’t been in one of these threads for like a year.
Last time some asshole and his dad invested in a patent troll and everyone lost big.
Is this a fucking ad?
No
Can you repeat the question?
the question
What
IS THIS A FUCKING AD?
>RAD on 11/23>QBAK on 12/1
I just started going into weed stocks, and I'm already up 10%.
It's been popping up recently.
Go check it out, anon.
Random stock on random dates
the question
What are some recommendations?
What news sources do you use to keep up with the industry?
projected spikes or rise in stock price
Not him, but XXII might be a good play.
Goldman Sachs just scooped 400k shares last week and their RSI is 29.7 which is pretty oversold
Yes anon, buy my shitcoins
% of those are complete scams you've been warned
>TFW Pajeet fucked be twice on TRXC
TWMJFAPHQFCanada is legalizing recreational weed for the summer of 2018these two are top stocks to buy imo, I had TWM at 12, sold at 16.
Canopy had a portion of their company bought by the company that makes corona beer.
Corona wants to sell weed drinks ;)
XXII, ACB, WEEDI get insider news from my local broker.
CELG, MRK, GILD.
Help me decide anons.
Damn it why is UVXY going down today!
It's basically stock trading general, but robinhood is what a lot of people use since it's no fees - which when you operate on NEETbux is pretty important
4340544These aren’t available in Robinhood, at least not in the U.S.
>tfw bought TOPS at 1.12help?
What do
are you the same guy shilling TOPS in the other thread lmao
ACB & TWMJF up 100% 1M idk feels like im buying ath.
Don't worry lad, Volatility is about to pop
Accept the fact that you got GREEKED and move on.
going down is what UVXY does best
Nice
GYRO'D
nice
These are still considered low-valued stocks until Cuckdeau legalizes marijuana in 2018.
Sell low of course
IT'S GYRO TIME
Yeah I also have an E trade account.
I just figured I'd add to discussion.
Especially when guys like this  say it's a scam when in fact there is a real market and real companys.
These stocks are going to moon this time next year.
Do I go long term or short term bros?When I go long I forget to stay on top of things and miss exit points.
When I go short term I make mistakes and get weak hands.What do bros?
Go medium term, clearly.
Hwkn
I have 75-90% of my money in long stocks, then the rest in short just to fuck around with.
I do this because I don't have much capital and don't want to risk the majority of my equity on high volatility stocks.
However, if you go all in you can make a lot of money.
Just depends on how much risk you want to expose yourself to.
Learn the fundamentals of understanding a company, balance sheet, income statements, etc.
OR be an analytical trader and read charts.
I'm sure a few people will chime in.
Bottom line, you have to be willing to take losses with your gains.
for every 1 legit pot company there are 19 that are absolute shell scam cos be careful that industry attracts trash
Lol.
Naw I just split my portfolio 75% Long, 25% short.Long positions are: SCHF SCHEShort positions are yet to be determined, but I'm looking at TRXC, CHFS, and SPI
I don't know what to do.
Just make sure that the owner is you-know-whoish and you're good
Looks like a good buy.
What's on their calendar?
sell uvxy you chump
That's why you buy one of the two I posted...
I'm sure the others are scams and are shit penny stocks but you cannot deny there is money to be made.
Additionally, If TWM goes up APH goes up and vice versa.
set limits and stop losses
is there money, yeswill it be the next big thing, i'm dubious especially with how much these things will be regulated and taxed probably be closer to utility companies than growth compaines
you-know-whoishDo Whos even exist anymore?
I thought the Grinch genocided them.
that's what will be interesting.
That's why I got out with my 25% gain.
That and those stocks are extremely volatile.
If snoop dogg sneezes the wrong way after taking a hit those stocks take a shit.
Look at last weeks charts, holy fuck.
When you put it like that it sounds so self-evident
Same, sold at 40 back in at 38.80
source?
Pharma stocks were all the rage a while back, are those old news?
agree, will be interesting to see how the environment shakes out best to your trading in those keep the amount of capital allocated to those positions in check
david dubnitskiy girl and plum4340177DFEN or KTOS or both?
Anything coming up on the calendar?
There's that whole thing with North Korea coming up, but Kim is really bad at setting a date.
Probably KTOS seeing how I can buy multiple of it
The state of cukstuckholder mining.
Dfen because I want your shekels >all defense etfs are the same so it doesn't really matter
Thanks, these are cool.
Why don't people just sell one share of a company they want to buy into for 1 cent to trigger all the stop losses, then buy the dip?
genius
Either sell or wait for next pump and dump in a few weeks
probably some law against that

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ROBINHOOD LOGGED ME OUT AND I LEFT MY PASSWORD AT HOME AND I CAN'T CHECK IT FROM WORK REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
he doesn't know about sub penny land and trip/quad 0'swew
I know, right?I'm not allowed to sell something I own for a price I chose?
What kind of communist hell hole do we live in?You really think there wouldn't be a buyer if I sold an Apple stock for a penny?
Well, shorting GE on that Friday bump was definitely the right decision.
I've got a 400 share short position open at $20.30/share and I'm up over $300 on it this morning.
limit price.will sell to highest bidder at or above your price.
>The system is set to anti biz methods.
I’ll buy all your AAPL shares for $100 each but it doesn’t matter because you don’t have any.
You don't have a password manager?
password manager>not memorizing a long string of characters that nobody could ever guess
What is a good entry into this GE company?
owo what is this?
Dynashill EXPLAIN!!!!!!
What happens is you put a limit order in for your share at $.01 That order says that you're willing to sell that share at any price down to $.01If people are willing to buy that share at a price higher than $.01 then you will be matched with the person offering the highest amount of money and your share will be sold to that investor at their buy price.
Horry sheet, Buy the dip
sub-$19, I'm hoping for a steady decline to around $18 before the end of the year.
4341440t.
Knows nothing about the market
Holy shit who the fuck is pumping tops?
I'm using Robinhood point Dexter nigger.
You think you're hot shit dontcha
point dexterI hole-hardedly agree, but allow me to play doubles advocate here for a moment.
For all intensive purposes I think you are wrong.
In an age where false morals are a diamond dozen, true virtues are a blessing in the skies.
We often put our false morality on a petal stool like a bunch of pre-Madonnas, but you all seem to be taking something very valuable for granite.
So I ask of you to mustard up all the strength you can because it is a doggy dog world out there.
Although there is some merit to what you are saying it seems like you have a huge ship on your shoulder.
In your argument you seem to throw everything in but the kids Nsync, and even though you are having a feel day with this I am here to bring you back into reality.
I have a sick sense when it comes to these types of things.
It is almost spooky, because I cannot turn a blonde eye to these glaring flaws in your rhetoric.
I have zero taller ants when it comes to people spouting out hate in the name of moral righteousness.
You just need to remember what comes around is all around, and when supply and command fails you will be the first to go.
Make my words, when you get down to brass stacks it doesn't take rocket appliances to get two birds stoned at once.
It's clear who makes the pants in this relationship, and sometimes you just have to swallow your prize and accept the facts.
You might have to come to this conclusion through denial and error but I swear on my mother's mating name that when you put the petal to the medal you will pass with flying carpets like it’s a peach of cake.
id say here, 1/2 position maybe another 5% downside normies are getting btfo
I just got that GE shit fuckign cheap!
They not only had a dividend cut but lowered their EPS outlook for the year even more than what they had previously lowered it to when they released their 3Q financials.
If their EPS ends up at only $1 then they're going below $18
very good chance GE will be the best performing dow component next yearcheck out american express last year, 1 of these major dow components gets fudded and btfo every year almost instant rebound next year
At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought.
Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it.
I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
BGFV... easy money this month..
makes me think
Why, people just order shit from amazon
Sure, once it hits bottom, and the bottom won't be hit until sometime early next year after they release their 4Q earnings which are more than likely also going to suck.
Buying in now would be a mistake.
not sports shit.if you actually ever played a sport you might know this.
ABBV
How many cuks got stuck in cukstuck mining?
4341672Can confirm, I supply all the athletic equipment to public schools on the east coast.
Nobody buys that shit on Amazon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0akBdQa55b4
risk reward favors the upside here, how much more bad news could there be div cut and earnings cut on the same day
should've sold before the split
is AMRS gonna moon tomorrow after ER?
It's not the extra bad news that'll make the share price go down, it's the price stabilizing at fair market value on the new EPS estimates compared to contemporaries like Honeywell.
$1 per share EPS puts GE's (((fair market value))) at under $18
So does it spike every holiday season?
I’m just trying to get reasoning here.
Go ahead and give this a shot.
Come back and report your results.
This is easy.
My password manager is a small notebook I keep in my room with all my passwords written in it
I agree with this.
GE hasn't bottomed out yet.the question is when?
4Q won't be good since they are still "reorganizing" but after that point it should be a solid buy and hold.
unless GE manages to keep fucking up...
Put down the crack pipe and take a nap.
Yes but it low today
Just don't trust the security of a password manager?
it's a meme you dip
sport chalet and sports authority went out of business this elminates competition for BGFVit is profitable and has a dividend.over 50% of the float is short and ex divi day is on dec. 1 so there will be some covering before then causing a squeezeits easy money..
Now is the time to buy.
Can't get any lower, right?
the new guy is going to axe the fuck out of the company, guaranteed 10% headcount reduction I can only imagine the retarded bureaucratic bloat in a co like GE, the old CEO was a complete retard.
GE is a gold mine just needs a nice restructuringEPS will be over 1.50 by next year the new guy is just sandbagging every last bit of bad news here
I'm holding a few bags of SHOP, you guys think it will get above 102 in the holiday season?
Or should I just cut my losses?
I'm probably going to look to exit my short position sometime before 4Q earnings is announced, that'll probably be when the worst of the bleeding is stopped.
After that, it will be a question of whether or not the new CEO can actually turn things around for the company or if he's going to be another Jeffrey Immelt who just sells off company assets without fixing any of the underlying problems that caused those divisions to be unprofitable in the first place.
Who's buying the ARGS dip?
GE just made a bunch of commercials showing how they are not only a diverse company with blacks and women, but a modern company who are with the times.
I'm convinced!
that bullshit needs to be one of the first things axed
cuked and stuck in the bottom of an old collapsing cukstuck mine.
the death throes before they literally go bankrupt
what do they still have left?
washing machines?
they don't even make trains anymore
Wow, as a woman of color i sure am glad that people like me, who currently are the largest group of college graduates in the US, can finally find an accepting and tolerant place like GE to work at.
Non-white women are the largest group of college graduates in the US now?
other sporting goods retailers are dropping like flies>thinks this is a good sign for his chosen sporting goods retailer and not a sign that the sector as a whole is in troubleI predict that BGFV is going to hit resistance at around $7 per share and then continue its downward trend.
It hasn't significantly grown revenue or earnings in the last three years (and its overall earnings is under $15 million per year anyway) and I don't see that most other companies in the sector floundering is a good sign for BGFV.
BGFV just isn't a large enough company to take advantage of all those other store closures, they may see a small increase in store traffic at some of their locations for the time being but overall the retail sporting goods sector has been in trouble for years now.
Brilliant.
Spend money on convincing everyone your business isn't fucked up instead of fixing it.
This is the american way.
thinking about it
4341937I think they are a relic, maybe useful for some short term gains but long term they are gone.
Just look at this garbage.
I randomly picked one on Google, the others aren't better.
Yeah, plus having all my passwords in one place is convenient and no one is going to steal it from my house.
Sports is too big of money for these yahoos to last >card tables
chinese massage
all that inventory>depressing, crowded, 90s looking retail environmentProbably the best thing that location has going for it is you can get jerked off after you shop
As a white nigger of Polish blood I think I'll leave America soon
hookah lounge
GE's new headquarters is inside the Chinese massage parlor
it's in the African bird shop next door.
I heard they tried to buy out the African Grey Bird Shop but the owner wouldn't budge.
big5 really needs to go this is the ultimate experience in one place and they are wasting valuable real estate.
retail sporting goods sector has been in trouble for years now.duh because the market was over saturated with shit sporting good stores.. only the strong survive.
which BGFV did.Its like if all of a sudden every single burger king and wendies went out of business, more people would go to mc donalds and mc donalds would grow.The market cap is tiny and the short interest is high, if you know anything about how short squeezes work you would get in for easy money.Do i think you should hold BGFV your whole life?
NO but i do think there is some money to be made on the stock and thats all im here for, im not trying to marry the company im trying to make money on the volatility of the stock.......if you want to hate on it.. go ahead, keep it to yourself tho
I went all in on Chipotle and Big5
KTOS, PLEASE STOP

Pandora moon mission starting.
Next stop, $5!
It will hit low 9s soon.
Sell now.
pandora;)
only the strong survive
The market cap is tiny because the company makes less than $20 million a year in profit on over $1 billion in revenue at 420 stores.
Their average annual profit per store is under $50k.
Let that sink in, each of those big ass stores don't even make enough profit per year to buy a single family house.
newbee here what broker should i use.
low fees, large coin selection,
4342232wowyou guys really think that the company has EVERYTHING to do with the stock price?how many times have you seen a shit company stock boom?how many times have you seen a good earnings on a good company only to have stock price fall?Stock price doesn't always reflect the companyLearn the difference between a stock play and investment.BGFV is a 1-2 month hold.
If you don't want to buy it go ahead and move on.
it's really not hard to just... move on... i forget this thread is full of newfags that have no clue how stocks work.
this is a stock thread, we don't talk about coins here.
With such great merchandizing too.No, as I said earlier if you think you'll get some short term gain out of it fine, but this company is a dying relic.
Forgot my photo.
How much are you regretting not buying ROKU anon?
No, as I said earlier if you think you'll get some short term gain out of it fine, but this company is a dying relic.thats what im saying... the stock will have some upside movement in the short term.Im here to make money!
BGFV is low right now and thats the name of the game, buy low sell high!
Some faggot has been shilling BGFV on rgt for weeks and the only thing that happened in that time was the stock tanked hard after earnings and the shill was nowhere to be found.
Now that BGFV has bounced off the bottom the shilling has resumed.
The time to make money on BGFV was buying in last week near $6 and selling this week when it'll probably peak around $7.
Or you could hold it for 1-2 months and watch as the price drops more.
That brown kid looks suspicious.
how about you just not buy it and move the fuck along kiddo?its really not hard to just ignore my post...lose out on making easy money.. i don't care.
You can't make this shilling any more obvious.
Just give up m8
ROKU revenue: $400MM>ROKU market cap: $3.88B>Pandora revenue: $1B>Pandora market cap: ????
Sounds like you’re holding the bag, sorry faggot you’re on your own.
im in at 6.40...Just give up m8you are replying to me why?
easy money
I'm replying because you keep posting this blatant shitstock and some poor lurker like myself might fall for it.
ignore and move on then kiddo when BGFV climbs back into the teens.. which it will you are going to chase it and wish you bought below $7
Pandora has a market cap of 1.1b and ROKU has already quadrupled the number of shares traded above the average and doubled its stock price in a week
If it climbs up to around 7, you should cash out and wait for it to drop back down to 6.
Realistically, this is where BGFV will trade until next ER.
Might do it several times.
Buy low, sell high.
You want to make money, right?
Bought KTOS at 10.08.Will buy BGFV once I get more money and as soon as it turns red.
no idiot... it's going into the teens because this dying chain of sports stores is going to triple its stock price for... reasons... buy my bags kiddo
It absolutely will because of their great branding.
What happened here?
They just couldn't get a big enough sign so they said "eh, just toss Goods on another one... don't worry if the font size doesn't even match either"
If it climbs up to around 7, you should cash out and wait for it to drop back down to 6.lmao61% of the float is short!!
why would i sell im holding and holding fucking high!!
thats the point of a short squeeze you fucking newfagtake a look at MFIN i told you guys about it in here but everyone was talking shit on me blah blah blah especially dynashill and look what happend with MFIN with only 30% of the float short!!
BGFV has 61% short!It's getting harder and harder trying to explain this to you newfags i swear it's like nobody understands supply and demand in this thread and how short covering fuels the demand.Do yourself a favor and look up what a short squeeze is
kek
I lost hard, oh man my sides
I really hope it works out this way for you.
Have a nice day.
>had great green day Friday>back to another week of reds
buy high sell low friend
just buy BGFV and you will have a good month
Put this sign on a wojak for bgfvshill
Enough of this meme
you don't have to reply to me you know...
just turn your charts upside down bud :)
get BGFV while it's on sale today.
Been bagholding that shit since .17, so glad to see it moving and good volume.
last one i'm bored with it now.
4342717

Kek well made

pepe walking with some asain qt's in this.
>GE under $19 and still falling
Kek
dividend cut in HALF >not at $10 right nowwtf is wrong with this market?
Swing trade REED, I have personally begun buying numerous cases of ginger beer every week so that I can influence their balance sheet, I have spent over $5000 on ginger beer this month alone while investing the rest of my income in the stock.
I will singlehandedly raise the stock price and reap massive profits when this begins to moon, do not miss out.
Everyone expected the dividend cut, they've been talking about it for weeks and it's been mostly priced in at this point.
The big reason the price is being pushed downwards right now is because they cut their annual earnings outlook AGAIN after they'd already lowered it when the 3Q financials came out a few weeks ago.
Keep us posted
>the state of ktos>they didn't believe me when I said "see you at 9 lol"
You should've bought a bar first so you could resell those beers at a profit so you could keep buying beer and reinvesting the profits into the company's stock.
How long until moon mission?
neat story
I have personally begun buying numerous cases of ginger beer every week so that I can influence their balance sheet
Buy into ROKU and make $290 Buy some more on an upward trend and now down $250 Welp
its going through a short squeeze breh
Kek
I’m looking for low 9.50s
implying it will EVER drop below the mid 9.80'sScreen cap this post faggot
Trying to hold out til it's only -100 so I at least get a 190 gain
I did this lasy week with weight watchers lol>biught 50 shares then sold at 54 and make $700~>start thinking "maybe it'll run to 60" and buy 100 shares>down $900 the next day
I want to buy but I know a pull back is coming.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's 100+ this time next year.
4343081topkek these are hilarious
nice.
saved.
How's JCP doing today, lads?
My $3 puts are green today for some reason.
how long is GE gonna go today?
Guess we’ll see friendo.
I can’t stop laughing.
Who approved this?Also, if you invest in any sort of retailer long term, you’re going to get fucked because Amazon is completely taking over that market.People don’t buy basketball hoops at the store, then they’d have to carry it home.
They’d rather have a UPS driver drive it right up to their house
t-that doesnt help
down 8% lol sold as soon as the market opened after earnings
WHO ELSE ENJOYING THESE PLUMP NAK GAINS?
how low is GE gonna go today*
dont buy GE today
where's that NAKfag, I bet he has a huge boner rn
i-i-i-its a bear trap
Get on $ZX while you still can
NMM earnings tomorrowWhose playing?
The Mediterranean poon patrol will be setting course for the moon tomorrow
probably permitting for non existent moon mines
usm
$18.70-$18.50 would be my guess, could see a bounce later in the afternoon that pushes it back over $19 before close though.Pretty sure it's gonna keep sliding for a while and then level out at a lower level for several weeks to a month in anticipation of 4Q earning results.
Then it'll probably have an upwards move starting early in January before earnings drop.
BIOA, new CEO, high oil, solid science.....do some research and join the money train

i prefer fake meme trash stocks good sir
fun coupons
anyone with some skill want to make a wojak meme in which a lode cukstuckholder is stuck in the bottom of the cukstuck mine and slowly dying from suffocation?
Yeah I mean most anything brick and mortar retail gives me pause now.
I don't even go to CVS or Walgreens much anymore because Amazon Prime Now delivers that shit in 1-2 hours the same day.
I think shoes are tough to buy online, but I guess people do that too.
4343822Home improvement stores
OK. Stop right there.I thought NAK was a total meme.How was I supposed to know it was good investment?
Because it was obvious
Im finna jump into KTOS soon my niggasSoon
How's AMD doing?
obvious meme was obvious
I buy some shoes online because I know how the sizing runs for those brands.
I've never had an issue buying Vans, New Balance, or Rockports sight unseen.
I wouldn't buy boots or anything without trying them on though.I won't buy a pair of pants without trying them on though, I've experienced way too much variation even when it's the same brand & style.
I own Levis that were made in Egypt, Mexico, Cambodia, and China and the cut isn't very consistent between them even though it's the same brand.
Should make one for NAK instead/rgt/ will literally be pink wojak ground zero when the mine falls through and the stock drops 90%
NAK was a set-and-forget play months ago.
I have a stack of dusty Feb 2018 2 and 2.5 calls that make my private parts tingle.
good, thanks for asking
I'm starting to think about a buy.
Am I an idiot?
I 300 of those.
I keep looking at them like is this really going to work?
no, best decision you will ever make
Now that amazon is making a LOTR tv show is it time to give them my shekels?
holy shit lol
Good, ask for thanking
sure
this is top tier.
I bought GE at $19.50 how fucked am I, or should I buy more and hold this bag?
It's always been a gamble, but I still like the odds.
I like them better now than I did in the summer.
I misread my options are for feb 17 @ $1.5, I'm already pretty far ITM.
They're still up like 60% from my average price.
buy moar at 14
What kind of Jewery is this?
NUGT and DUST are both red right now.
I want an explanation!
Any TRXC longs still here?
Comfy gains desu
All go to 0. takes 100% to recover 50% loss.
OK, so you have this week to work with?
I had some of those Nov 17 1.5 calls, but I sold them for a nice profit on the last run up a few weeks ago.
Options are fun when things go your way.
But you can only lose 100% while your gains can be infinite :^)
The worst part is those are "hard to borrow" so brokers charge a fee to short.
So they make all of the money from fees that you would earn from the value eventually decreasing and r/s.
Can someone make ALT go up like .30 please k thx
MAKE IT STOP
Super fuckedCramer came out against it today so now all the normies will sell
I swing trade NAK a lot, I'm up a little over a thousand dollars in the past three trading days, I'm actually pretty annoyed I can't sell it and rebuy at a lower price because it keeps on going up so much.I've made around 3k off NAK in two weeks.Depending on how much it goes it this week I might buy a new gun.
Depending on how much it goes it this week I might buy a new gunGetting ready for when the mine falls through?
Wait you mean this -8.25% isn't normies selling off?
>LODE
is Robinhood still US only?
yes
I'm actually tempted to buy in.
Seems to have real good support at .48.
When the economy does desu.
I don't hold during downtimes and completely dodged the last crash because I didn't hodl during the 3.20 stagnation period.Once it stops going up I just sell and monitor it until it starts upticking again because it usually means it'll just lose 20% of it's value in a week before gaining 25% on bogus news a week after that.
Yes I'm sure it will stop there
I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole anon.
Don't be an idiot
Buying GE at 18.70, any chance it will go lower than that this week?
I don't care if it does, I'll just buy more but can it realistically hit 15?
beautiful anon
Cramer gave it a valuation of $17 kek
Should have just taken my $290 in Roku but I got greedy and now I'm $40
Should I even hold on?
What caused ROKU to jump so much today
anon that shit was like 9 cents a week ago
:1 reverse split breh
Fucking saved.
That speed.
That quality.
You memers are masters at your craft.
I swear this shit is going to end up in a museum one day.
yeah but there's nothing stopping it from going back down to it's pre reverse split price.
all the greek shippers have down that numerous times
short squeeze, it will come back down in a few days I bet.
I think it's overvalued
pre-reverse it already split.....
im saying it can fall back down easily
short ROKU?
it can reach that price again, its a shit company
I would wait for that bad boy to stabilize and trend again.
Go ahead and spend your money.
My shit's comfyno saying it can't, I just like to see trends before I throw money at shit, or at least some fundamentals
Squeeze some more out not so I don't feel like a total fool and break even
Feels good
not for a few days or couple weeksI'm sure it'll go another 10% or so but it's bound to come back down.
But fuck me, the market goes up, it goes down, it goes in circles.
Its a FOOOOGAZZZZEYYY
Looks like they justt signed a deal with some Indian company.
Itll probs go down to mid 30s desu
nobody here knows how to read
tfw illiterate
I bet you can look at pictures lmao.....you're probably right, w-what's a stock chart...
anyone else buying DNR?
I've been swing trading it.
Oil is going up, seems promising
buy HUSA tomorrow after it dips from earnings
Here's how penny stock reverse splits work:Step 1: finance company operations through sale of common stock -- it's very important to maintain control of the company by either giving executives lots of common stock as compensation or issuing preferred stock with majority voting power to themStep 2: issue so many shares of common stock that the company is close to maximizing the number of allowable issued shares -- use majority voting privileges to greatly increase the authorized shares that the company can issueStep 4: keep dumping shares on the market until the stock price crashes, the company gets delisted from whatever exchange it was associated with, and it is now traded OTC.
Once that's happened then you dump more, if the share price isn't below $.10 then raise the authorized shares again and keep dumping until it isStep 5: Do a reverse split -- sell it to your "investors" as a way to increase share price and get re-listed on an exchange which should increase shareholder equity significantly going forward.
Be sure to keep the number of authorized shares available for issuance unchangedStep 6: dump shares again to keep wringing money out of penny stock investors, use a 3rd party to organize some news releases occasionally so you can pump the price back up when it gets too low.Step 7: Repeat steps 5 and 6 several more times while coming up with all sorts of random shit like acquisitions, contracts, hopeful forward looking statements, etc in an attempt to hook new "investors" so you can siphon money off them after your original "investors" lost all faith in you.
looks good, I'll dump my DNR tomorrow at open for it.
thanks for the lesson, I'll look at it when it's less than .20
I'm awful at this ... Actually +1100 cause I sold apple through a different place but I've done nothing bhtake poor decisions
sold tesla at 311, it actually went higher :(
bought it back when it was ~$60 per share, sold at $250.
;D
Anyone going to play BSTI earnings?
They're a recent IPO reporting earnings like ROKU and Alibaba owns a decent stake in it.
They do shipping and whatnotReports earnings on the 16th premarket.
Also down 1%ish today.
It could
*It could potentially moon.
JD and Alibaba are really trying to step up their logistics for chinahttp://www.scmp.com/business/china-business/article/2112072/alibaba-and-jdcom-commit-nearly-us330m-beefing-parcel
Xxii
t. BABA Bagholder
1.00%wew lad
This was like my best day ever!