>$50 tx fees are totally ok goys, it's not meant to be used as a currency
DELET
>BTC is really a store of value, if you're spending it you're not storing it
>second layer solutions are needed for bitcoin to scale
>i want to spend crypto to buy coffee like a retard
50$ ???
Really?
I thought it was like 3$ ?
The cost of running full nodes doesn't matter
Your Messiah Roger Ver is a humble explosives salesman
The idea is that tax fees will explode as more transactions compete for space in the 1MB blocks.
This will usher a new era of profit making for fuckstream.
Not using ETH to transfer money around
not using EUR to move your USD aroundthis is how you sound
> its a store of value but I expect the price to increase solely from other people buying in because there is no real world value as it is feasibily unusable > not a ponzi scheme
No it's not how he sounds?
ETH is way the fuck faster and cheaper to move than BTC.
EUR and USD don't compare to ETH and BTC.
you have to use one currency to move another around because the other is shit and unusable as a currencycrypto is retarded as fuck
>My cousin lives in Beijing and he's saying that Chinese crypto forums are on fire right now
Just Bitcoin.
Bitcoin got too popular so its network couldn't handle its own transactions.
Hence why Ethereum is so focused on PoS.
Averaging around $10 for the last week actually.
PoS = proof of shitit doesnt work LOLeth gets hacked like every other daySHITCOIN
only reason bitcoin cant handle its transaction is because kikestream wants to make money on lightning
lololool>repeating roger vers propagandagood shill good goy!!
The developers themselves admit they want high fees on-chain.Kill yourself you fucking pathetic little retarded dragons den nigger
PoS isn't ready yet, saying it doesn't work is retarded FUD.ETH has never been hacked, people who write code based on Ethereum get hacked sometimes because they're over-ambitious and not careful and they hold people's money.
Keep fudding though, biz doesn't deserve ETH.
(you plan to suck a cock this evening)>i put it in parenthesis so it must be true!!
wow!!!!
!good shill goy!!
All in BCC, take these scalps boyos.. you fucking non-chart reading simps.
It's scalping time.... haha, get it fags.
dragons den megakike
good little roger cuck
hahahahahahahahahacheck this BTC legacy tx out from last night, 20 minutes, 690 USD, $1.77 fee, took 20 minutes.https://blockchain.info/tx/8f7cd38c46af4a0aed07ce913bdfb7d2d72835d71f6940cd915945687b76fe19?show_adv=true
scalping is the first step for making lampshades :^)