
btc is dead an people haven't even realized it yet10+ day transactions
dude i have a transaction still uncomfirmed after 2 days, fuck btc core
Next time you transact, just sell it for ethereum and send it immediately, buy back bitcoin after, price is usually not volatile to net you a loss within 10-20 min
Bigger blocksize means you can't be a node.Bigger blocksize means centralisation.The day BTC go from 1mb to anything else is the day BTC, and so crypto as a whole, is dead.
Still growing backloghttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
BTC is already being centralized, you nimwit.
Decisions regarding BTC's future are only made by a few select groups.
you fucking retard, corecucks have endorsed centralization
The infrastructure is decentralised, and that's all that matters.Bigger blocksize destroy decentralisation, and no amount of chilling will change that fact, kike.
Internet speeds and the cost of storing data are going down.1mb 8 years ago is less expensive than 1mb today.
its not you fucking dumb kikelordoff-chain transactions is centralizationhttps://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800
"Then why not have 56KB blocksize?
Fuck, let's see if we can shrink these down to a few bits.That way Bitcoin will be decentralized as fuck homes.
"-You
Look retard, BTC isn't supposed to be limited to one planet.One day there will be nodes in antartica, in orbit, on the moon, on mars, even outside the solar system.The lower the blocksize, the less centralised the crypto.You think you'll be able to buy a whole start system with one bitcoin ?Then understand the FUNDAMENTALS.The technology do not matter one bit.Decentralisation and limited supply is all it needs to become gold.A coin that exchange for a lot of money but need to go through specific nodes is not gold, it's fiat.
It's subject to the whim of some jewinfested institution.But BTC, just like the gold ingot in your basement, are immune to the jew.
So far.The only way to kill BTC is to actually kill BTC.External attack are irrelevant, FUD is irrelevant, chilling is irrelevant.Change the fundamentals, and it kills BTC.
Nothing else can.
Good idea.I'll make my own coin, and destroy any way to access the source code on purpose.
the only way to kill BTC is to change the fundamentals>therefore any change to the fundamentals is a plan by the Jews to kill BTCOy vey!
You better not fix that bug, that fundamental change might be the one that kills BTC!If you want a non-meme answer, learn how to grammar.
is there a site where i see what the fastest coin is?
That will still be more centralized than if you never made the coin in the first place.
4315674bcash pump is over, GTFO
its only refueling because corecucks hacked the korean exchange
One day there will be nodes in antartica, in orbit, on the moon, on mars, even outside the solar system.Holy shit, you're fucking nuts.
There are already computers in all of these places.The only thing that stop them being node is running a fucking piece of software you retard.
Yeah buddy if you think there is going to be a btc node outside the solar system you need to get your head checked
The only thing that stop them being node is running a fucking piece of software you retard.Plus cost-effective power and network connections with usable latency, you silly sausage.
The lower the blocksize, the bigger the latence leniency, that's my point dimwit.