Notice anything about this team confido cucks?
This is the type of team you invest in, all white, non-russian, college educated with linkedin profiles and no one with a history of scamming.
Stop being a fuck up and investing in exit scamming pajeets and russians.
DOVU is an all British project.
Big announcement tomorrow coming tomorrow most likely a new partnership or exchange listing.
a woman legals legal counselno fucking wonder it imploded
two women on 'team'I'll pass on this one anon
2 womenI'm out.
Good luck goys
>Cant even spell "TOM HODLER" rightI'm out.
Good luck biz
all white, non-russian, college educated with linkedin profilesjust like confido then
We develop and release a signal indicator for FOREX.Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」
women
>Women
https://modum.io/companycareers/THIS is a team you invest in.
https://modum.io/companycareers/exactly.
mod will pull out a walton on steroids.
scap this!
not a vagina or nu-male in sight I might have to buy some MOD
Buying a new coin that's already 30 million market cap.
Your not going to make it
I got in at 1 dollar anon.
Not selling untill 3 dollar.
two womenkek no thanks
It was the lockheed martin contractors who fucked up though, not the NASA team.
Spec said metric, their software supplied pounds-force.
And the "All-female team" is talking about deep space 2, a different mission entirely.
Really this whole post is a pol-tier mess.
Dovu is the first blockchain project coming from Britain.
The women are just there to fill quotas, this is a 2x once it gets added to a different exchange.
446843144684924468652lol@/pol/ leaking here
Stop the whining and buy some fuckin Tio: 
two women >part of the teamAh, man that was a great b8 OP.
Wish I could give you reddit gold
I'm all in DOVU since the ICO.This is gonna be huge!
all white, non-russian, college educated with linkedin profiles and no one with a history of scamming.
So literally the confido team 48 hrs ago lmao pajeet do you never learn?
Sorry I flipped that confido pajeet scam for a 2x and GTFO.
You're still in here shilling it so you're clearly a faggy hodler.
The loss you feel now will be nothing compared to when we whites dump our bags on your pajeet hands for good and move onto the next thing.
a challenger appears
>woman on dev teamThis is why you don't invest in shit like Bancor or Golem.Buy into all-male, uber nerd teams like Ark
OP, those don't look like whites.
Those look like Jews.
This.
Money Skelly was the autism king and look where eth is now.
3 numales spinsters in training>Only one "fucking old White Man"Yeah I'll give it a miss thx.
he still is autism king.
musk talks like a nerd too.
Of course the only woman would do some bullshit job like 'office manager' and 'human resources'.
Fucking parasites.
Fuck, I am so bullish on this.
I have 20k RLC lying around but the fucking team is equally retarded when it comes to marketing as Chainlink.
I fucking hate this "understatement/no marketing/no hype" style so much after the Chainlink buttfuck.
But somehow I am just too attracted to solid projects with good whitepapers/use cases where all the parameters are strong, but the team doesn't give a rats ass about actually FUCKING MARKETING THEIR PRODUCT TO GET PEOPLE TO NOTICE YOU.
Like there's a shortage of white pajeets in UK.Also shit like FENIX is just some white guys locking an asian engineer in their basement to make them a coin.They probably have a conference call every morning with actual engineers in India.
There's just some clueless british actor to pretend hes the engineer.
Jaguar Landrover backedUK government fundedWaifu-tier team memberJesus Christ I'm all in.
Team checklist1) No more than 30% female2) All or nearly all members are white (america or west europe) or asian (japan, korea, china but china requires some discretion)3) All college educated, ideally at elite AMERICAN universities <-- this is big
America univerisities matter because they are the best in the world not close (excluding english unis, those work too)but also because it is much harder to hide if you have a verifiable record of attending a university, where they have a permanent address and various other infos on file for you
Not bad.Still wouldn't touch her token with a 10 foot pole
#4CHNallday
Arwen is Dutch, just like Joost....just like tulips
4470361i'd fuck the life out of her