THANK YOU, MONEY SKELETON
ATH incoming.
Thank you Buggatin Veyronin
This shit is too easy.
Fucking nerds complaining all day, and miss easy moon rides on #2 coin.
You have a long way to go
4441652>thinking in Satoshis
Moneyskeleton would look 10x better if he grew his hair out.
but he'd never do it.
he probably would say something like>why would i grow my hair out when i can impress girls with my coding skillsor some shit.
He can impress girls with his money you know.
Only retards track their crypto in fiat instead of BTC.
If you're not beating BTC then you should have just held bitcoin, tracking fiat price instead will mislead you and cause you to lose out.
I try to do both, but it's hard to keep track of it all.
Your alt being up in satoshis doesn't mean shit if it's also down 40%.
Your alt being up in satoshis doesn't mean shit if it's also down 40%.Of course it does, you're growing your BTC and BTC will eventually rebound.
Keep that up for a few years and you'll be golden.
Bow down to the money skeleton, he hasth maketh $360
That's all under the assumption BTC will continue going up.
I want to believe but...
Should I keep it if I didn't sell at the top?
Bitcoin going x3 in value over a few months and some alt going +10% doesn't mean that alt is bad if there's been no changes I have been fundamentals.
Do you also measure your stock portfolio in their performance against your best performing stock?
Because that's fucking retarded.
moneyskele gives no fucksthat's how it's weaponized-autismonce the skele wears a suit, i'd dump all my ETH
impress girls with money>not his sexy, sexy brain
does anyone think eth has potential to hit 500?
In what time frame, obviously it can in the long run, it has the potential to hit 1 mil
by summer maybe?
not sure whether to just sell my bags when this peaks, got into eth when I was a complete newb and bought some at ATH like an idiot
it has the potential to hit 1 mil
We are all getting lambos, my brother
The rest of /biz/ could learn something from you.
Not that you bought at ATH, which is admittedly retarded like you said, but the fact that you held instead of selling low is very smart.Just remember that it's hard to lose money in a bull market no matter which coin you pick.
:)
It will hit 1000$ sooner than people think
I have no clue friend, just HODL, your money is in safe hands with money skeleton.
I'd be so pissed at myself for a long time if I ever sold at a loss, so I've got it into my head that I haven't lost anything yet as long as I haven't cashed out