newfag here, anyone know if I deposit money from my bank account (not wire-transfer) into my gdax (gdax.com/trade/BTC-USD), will the money be in USD or in BTC once finally transferred?
Basically, if I transfer $5K into gdax, will it still be in USD or will they have converted it to $5K worth of BTC?
USD
USD.It's only in BTC on coinbase if you click to buy BTC from funds in your bank account.Otherwise it'll be USD if you just initiated a transfer.
I heard paxful is way better than gdax.
It'll be in USD.
You have to choose to buy BTC (or ETH or LTC) once deposited .
Also, as you're newfag don't buy ANYTHING at the moment.
Everything's in flux - spend the time trying to learn wtf is going on before you invest and then try to get in on dip - if you're determined on BTC then wait a bit as it's going to go lower yet.
Don't FOMO.
4291592OP here.
Much appreciated.
I know that initiating the transfer will take 4 days so curious what the price of BTC will be then... interesting, will have to check out
This.One of the rare nature fucking posts on this site...
TA is (obv) far from infallible, but you could do worse than keeping an eye on analysis from Haejin:https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@haejin/bitcoin-btc-mid-day-update-precisiont-hit-of-downside-elliott-wave-targets-this-is-the-power-of-technical-analysis
Mature*
noted
wrong, newfag OP should absolutely FOMO buy BTC right now.
this is the dip before $8K.
this is the final opportunity to buy below $7000.
Holy shit if you're not buying BTC right now you're a cuckfaggotbetahomosex who will once again miss BTC as it skyrockets to infinity and beyond.by end of November BTC will be priceless.
it will have such a high value that it cannot be expressed in simple numerals.
it will be represented by the infinity symbol.
anyone who owns at least 1 BTC will be so wealthy they'll be able to transcend death through transhuman-technology.screencap this
/10 ironic shitpost - I like your style anon.OP, this post conveys very well a typical /biz/ shillpost aimed at FOMOing you into buying someone's bags.
Learn to be wary.
Yeah, I myself am also getting started and trying to figure things out before I put money in anything.
Paxful charges lower fees and is way quicker with transferring money.what wallet do you use?
And how many wallets do you have?
this is the dip before $8Klower lows, lower highs.
this will dip further.
screencap this.
Yup.
Put last of my fiat into Alts, but prior to that had buy orders set for $5.5-6k /BTC range (laddered).
Always better missing out on some minor gains than FOMOing in and buying yourself big losses.