Another great buy on EtherDelta guys.Token: EPYMarketcap: $1,000,000Circulating Supply: 15,375,000Description:Our ecosystem will make life easier for both guests and landlords.
For instance, with Emphy, listing registration becomes more straightforward and clear.
Landlord can accomplish publishing advertising in a few minutes having just a smartphone.
Guests will get more complete information before they decide to book a property.
Along with motivating bonus system and feedbacks, this provide better and more reliable way of lodging.TL;DREmphy is a decentralized ecosystem where landlords and tenants meet to conclude short-term real estate rental contracts.
(i.e.
AirBNB)Just opened for trading on EtherDelta today.Not even on CMC yet.
shitcoin I say
These micro Marketcap etherdelta pumps are making me a killing lately, thanks for another lol
yeah i know3x with NIO, 2x with dcorp todayshould snag another here so long as the volume picks up, like it does with every fucking new coin thats added to etherdelta after a day or 2
Thinking about buying, when do u expect this to moon and why should it?
bump faggots
thanks anon
op how do u expect your coin to moon if you just shill it and leave?
u gotta stay consistent u faggot.move on boys just another shitcoin with pajeet shiller
Yup, this will be huge once more people start shilling.
Just bought 2 ETH worth, will be 10 ETH in 2 days.
ROFL.
get in now or get fucked
this, low mcap is the new meme
Just went all in on this shit.
Everyone calling these low mcap projects shitcoins (I mean they kinda are) but you can really make fucking bank off these.
Imma stay all in on DRP for now but thanks
fuck its shooting up the fomo got to me boys just bought in for a few eth
Bag holders gonna bag hold
get in now niggas, volume is picking up
Fucking love u op thanks so much
it's a fucking pump and dump guys, dont.
i dislike etherdelta aka ethershit goodluck guys.
It's where all the money is to be made.
The only sacrifice is having to use their shitty layout but it filters all the retards out which is good
I bet your gonna say that when it hits 150% then 200% then 250% etc
HOLY FUCK GUYSI was just trying to dump my bags, not actually trying to pump this thing holy shit lol
If you buy this coin the only person who will make money is the creator of this shitcoin
shhhhhhhhhhhhhh good thing i took over for u and made profit :)
biz has been making great calls latelyim going in, thx OP
Please cunts don't buy this
This stupid OP keeps talking to himself pretending to be someone else.Your ID doesn't lie faggot.
You think you can fool anyone here?
You're embarrassing yourself.I bet you're the same faggot who made these threads   Kill yourself you worthless piece of pajeet shit
wtf brought at .0005 and its dumping
dont be foolish its 11 cents with 15 million coinseasy 10x at least
estonians made skype
S H I T C O I NHITCOI N
cry faggot easy 1 dollar coin
its trading on yobit at 1 eth per coin
so were just gonna ignore this?
op was shilling like a fag.
now he is fudding like a fag.
if you sell him now he will shill tomorrow again.
dont trust this piece of shit
kek op got you all figured out.
the time to buy is now, don't miss out on this mission anon