So tell me, coiners, if I offered a service to you, why would I ever accept your shitcoins as payment?
Here's my line of reasoning.)
I know you're all faggots) I know that most of your wealth was generated by hopping in on a meme when the time was right) I don't want to give purchasing power to ANY SINGLE ONE of you worthless basement dwelling faggots.
You're probably so useless you use the GPU cycles to heat your 10x10 hentai-plastered cum station.)
I would rather enrich some unknown banker chad through the continued use of USD loans and participating in FOREX than consider allowing any one of you to surpass my level of relative wealth.)
how are you going to explain to the 60yo construction worker with no technical savvy that his life savings in USD is actually worthless and has been effectively devalued through the advent of a meme currencyBitcoin is just a massive scam to enrich NEETS at the expense of actual, hard working and useful individuals.
Most of Bitcoin is owned by a select few individuals and their method of acquiring it took virtually zero effort.
I understand that quantitative easing is, in the same sense, a massive ponzi scheme and I doubt that it can continue, but at least the people with wealth, on average, built their wealth or have a lineage of wealthy ancestors to justify their lifestyle (/biz/ is against inheritance tax, right?)
and didn't just ride some bubble to the top over the course of a 2 year investment.
You have obviously never run a business.So nobody cares what your commie ass thinks.
Keep shilling your meme, boyo
“Hey FaggotMy name is John, and I hate poor faggots like you I know you are fat retarded no-life who did not get on the crypto train because you are to poor to take the risk You call bitcoin a bubble, a con, tulip mania or a scam.
You are everything bad in the world.
Honestly, have you ever even made any money ?
Besides what you get for working at your minimum wage job I bet your buried in student loans.
I mean, I guess it’s fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities, but you take it to a whole new level.
This is even worse than jerking off to pictures on facebook.Don’t be a stranger.
Just hit me with your best shot.
I’m pretty much perfect.
I was captain of the football team, and starter on my basketball team.
What sports do you play, other than “jack off to Peter Schiff and Warren Buffet crypto currency crash predictions.
I also get straight A’s, and have a banging hot girlfriend (She just blew me; Shit was SO cash).
You should just kill yourself.
Thanks for listening.Pic Related: It’s me and my bitch"
The time to tell the construction worker his USD was worthless was when the dollar was untied from precious metal