Any lawyers on/biz/ or anyone in law school?
How do you cope with how much debt is required for it and how are you dealing with paying it back?
General law thread here.
America
3rd world shitholes
I got (and kept) a scholarship
I have parents who will pay my loans if i cant
How though?
For grades in undergrad?
I wonder do third world shitholes have to pay 125,000 for a college degree?
Do third world shitholes get paid $160,000 starting after graduating from a top 12 school?
Didn't think so.
Wouldn't that be nice to be from a rich family
A combination of grades and muh diversity.
What kind of gpa is good enough for a scholarship?
Depends on the school and how many people are applying.
I got $25k a year no strings with a 3.2.
They originally offered $12k, I said no, they offered $20k, i said no, they came back with $25k.
I think it’s because I was from a state feeder school and they needed to hit a quota.
This was a few years ago.If you’re worried about loans as long as you get fed loans you can always get income based repayment.
I wouldn’t recommend law school though, the markets too competitive unless you go to a t20 or whatever.
hourumd (dot)com
I'm trying to get into a t20, which is why I want to get a scholarship since it's so expensive.
My local state university's law school is ranked 50ish
A bottom tier lawyer paid 160,000 Yeah nice larp.
I'm actually involved in EU law and only barristers make that money.
You're graduating as another small town lawyer that solves divorces.
If it's t20.
White, perfect grades, noAsian, perfect grades, noMexican, perfect grades, legal, maybeBlack or illegal Mexican, can read at a high school level, full ride
I'm white.
Then I hope you're rocking a 4.4, and have a near perfect lsat.... Or are a gay in a wheelchair with some weird genetic disorder
I hope you’re not a male
Bro most bottom of the barrel US law schools cost $125k
Sounds racist as fuck I know but seriously law school is a nexus for social justice...
They pride themselves on having a perfect split of male and female and then having the diversity rainbow represented in full.It's why every year some black woman who got a good lsat makes the news for getting every ivy league throwing themselves at her while a bunch of over achieving Asians get rejected.
Yea bro.
For realz
US 2L here.
I'm just starting to panic.
I'm a lawyer.
Its literally one of the worst fields to go into right now.
Become a doctor.
Don't be a faggot.
its because these faggotized schools think there's too many "rich successful privileged" whites and asians int he world already, so they want to boost more nigs and mexicans into the supposedly high-tier professions like doctor and lawyer.if you're a muslim/black/mexican you automatically get affirmative action benefits whether you finish college or not.i knew a guy, mexican, mediocre programmer, but got $100K paying programming jobs simply because it's rare in their eyes for a mexican to know how to code.
Yep i a laywer....went to top 20 world ranking lawschool....gov paid so no debt....i recomend law.
Who cares if you dont get jobs law is still worth while.
I am.
What type of law do you practice anon?
I'm OK with it.
Good money.
But I've been fortunate so far too.
CLE credits are fucking retarded though.
Public defender, anything social justice, speeding tickets and dui law though...
I'd neck myself in a heartbeat.
I'm a law student considering other options.
Got any ideas?
I went 10k into debt during my studies here in the Netherlands.I think I used the money on snacks, video games, whores, my phone and a new PC.But I think I spend the most on games and fast food.
So it was worth it.
After I had borrowed 10k I stopped borrowing cold turkey.
Because I figured that was an amount I could easily pay back.
You could be a journalist/reporter, depending on your undergrad you could back and get your cpa.
You could get certified in anti money laundering.
You could try to get a cfa.
You could try to get into lobbying.
Honestly there's tons of stuff you can do.
The hard part is there are thousands of other people all applying for the same positions and some of them are probably more qualified than you.My best advice would be to find something you love and do that.
Even within the law, if you love what you do it nothing else matters (expect money).
I just remembered I also went on vacation from it.Man, I must have been a financial genius.
43672334367889 How do I meet qt lawyer girls if I don't have a law degree?
I'm a day trader so there's not any way to meet girls at work.Is there some kind of job without a degree that will have me working near a ton of qt lawyer girls?
Get yourself arrested.
At my university everyone could just walk into class and follow the subjects.
And nobody would say a thing.In fact, after I graduates I started my own business with a friend.
And then I used the university as my office.
It had plenty of study rooms that could be used as office space and free coffee.Not kidding.
Yeah but I'm not looking for law students.
I'm looking for lawyers who already have started working on their careers
Be a paralegal and maybe one is the type of alpha that takes on slave boys.
You can find people of all ages there though.
A lot of employed people follow master classes at universities.
Well just finish the law degree.....then do whatever else you want.
Id you want tdont throw your work so far away.
Such bad advice in this thread, and OP has been posting the same shit for days hoping for a different answer.
Being a lawyer is terrible EVEN IF YOU WIN THE GAME AND MAKE THE SHEKELS.
You have no life and you are owned by your firm.
For the last time, do ANYTHING else.
t. t-14 school, NYC biglaw miserable as fuck lawyer
What do you think is better wife material between lawyers and doctors?
I want to meet and date successful women.
you bought into the muhbiglaw meme.... stupid fucking cuck.
Keep drafting those memos and maybe in 5 years you'll make partner if they don't dump your ass for a new grad that is impressed with 100K starting.
Yoga instructors with a culinary degree.
Yoga instructors with a culinary degree.Why exactly?
because they wear yoga pants and cook?
wtf
Jokes on you.
You'll never make partner in 5 years.
`15 year minimum.
it's free here in finlandjust like all other schools
Dude just go inhouse.
9 to 5 working for an asset manager, tell biglaw partners to get shit to you by Monday morning
Yeah and they'll try to steal all my money.
I want a successful gurl
Bump
Its called condoms and prenups.
Into the trash they go, get the newly released model.
But I want a successful waifu I can grow with
My gf is going to med school
not wanting a faithful girl and only her
...its 180k starting.
I'm in 3rd year.
With my bonus I will make 250k this year.
My life sucks but I will be making an exit in February with more money than you've ever seen.
How tho?
Tell us your secret so we too may be successful
Theres no secret.
You go to a good law school.
Get good grades.
Every top 30 firm in the city starts at 180k.
Just about everything between that and #100 start at 160k.
Less than 10% of law students will get such jobs.
And while these jobs aren't worth the opportunity cost of time, getting a shitlaw job is worse.
You'll get 200k in debt easy and start at 50k/yr.
There are a million horror stories if you take the time to do a simple google search.Please do something else.
This is your fork in the road.
Someone did, in fact, warn you.
If you follow this path, 10 years from now, you will regret ignoring the multiple fucking canaries in the coal mine.
That's cute money.
Really it is.
You should put that check on the fridge with a gold star from mommy.
>Lawyer think law school is expensiveMed school is decimating debt, in addition to us missing out of 12 years minimum post undergrad of potential earnings; by the time our loans and interest accumulates via an average time taken to fully pay the loans,med school cost slightly over $500k.
About $200k for raw tuition and a lovely 6-9% compounded interest.Granted a lawyer form a to10 law school makes on average $40k less than the absolute lowest paying and lowest tier doctor you can be form the lowest tier MD medical school.
So I keep that in mind as the ridiculous tuition and bullshit fees overwhelm me
 nigga keep larping.
California alone has 7x more people than Finland, and most of them are shitty leaches who will never do anything good.
Irrelevant.
Am I gonna move to fucking Finland and learn it's laws and learn to speak Finnish?
No, so fuck off
Is "You have to go to a T14 now in order to get a six figure starting job" a meme?
I live in Florida and UF law is ranked ~40 and sticker costs is only 18k a year.
Would it be worth it to give up going to a T2ish law school for free for a T14?
I have not taken the LSAT yet but am weighing my options.
Who told you that?
The average T14 starting salary who go into biglaw is like $160k, which is the average salary of ALL doctors.
I'm in the same boat.
I'm from Utah and UofU is ranked in the 50s, but if I just want to stay and work here in Utah does it matter?
I went to Columbia (T6) but I got the fuck out of NYC.
I'm in biglaw but I'm in Dallas.
Still very busy and stressful, but exponentially less so than in Manhattan, going by what my classmates say.I feel like I'm one of the few people happy with my career choice.
Maybe it's because I grew up poor and the money is unreal to me.2nd-4th year range.
If you're 100% ok with being in Utah forever, and never reaching six figures income, then that's more or less ok.
Shoot for BYU, though, and at least a half-ride.
Seriously?
Nobody?
**BRAPPP**
Guys, I know referral codes are fto share on biz.
But I literally turned 0 BTC into 0.005 BTC just by signing up and using the Martingale system.
(slightly modified)https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martingale_(betting_system)Maybe I'm lucky.
Or maybe my method just works.
I've also 10x'ed on Cryptopia's dice game twice.Like I said, it could be all chance, so don't go betting more than you can lose.
But if you're like me and spend 8+ hours a day on a computer for work, this can be a nice way to generate passive BTC.Here's my link:freebitco.in/ ref code: 9672370You literally get free Sats just for signing up, btw.Your friend,The Sexual Crypto Genius
I am a business major, and I think it may be similar to investment banking.
IB firms only hire from "elite" schools, yet there are other finance/banking jobs that pay 70k starting in a regional city with opportunities to move up.
Maybe the people whining about lack of opportunities either are: NYC biglaw or bust, not looking, and/or did not put significant effort towards good grades.
Actually UofU is ranked 44th in the country.
Still nothing close to T14.
But yeah, I've spent a a long time in Utah and I consider it my home, and I have a gf here who I'll probably end up married to sooner rather than later, so I'm okay with staying here for a while.
I'd rather not go to BYU because of the Mormons and their rules.
Lawyer here.
Do it through army.
Big bucks then leave after minimum service.
People will want to hire you
How much do JAGs make?
I'm actually an army vet.
I'm using the GI bill to pay for my undergrad.
That way the only debt I'll have will be law school debt.
I don't actually know anything about being a JAG though or the process to become one.
Law student at top law school in Australia.
W're pumping 15,000 law graduates a year from 40+ schools into a market which currently has approximately 45,000 people working in it.
To get a post grad job you need near perfect grades, extracurriculars, tons of internships/clerkships and to be willing to suck the dicks of partners if you want to get into a big firm.
Also, if you can't speak mandarin you are already at a huge disadvantage.Basically, if any ausfags are reading this, don't do law, especially if you are white and male like I assume most of you are (the memes are all real).
The competition makes success almost impossible, and even if you do succeed you'll just be working 12 hour days just so Mr Porkington can afford his new yacht.