>His portfolio does not include at least one kind of crypto for store of value, one crypto for smart contracts, and one kind of crypto for tokens.>he is all in on one kind of crypto, probably store of value, such as bitcoin.Anon, diversify that shit to non-correlated cryptos right now!
>expecting any crypto that isn’t store-of-value to hold value in the long termwell duh
2Every portfolio should have some DGB in it..
Don't shill shitcoins on my thread, please.
Not holding 50% BTC, 25% ETH, 25% LTCIt's like they want to be poor
Its like you dont want to make gains by buying stable coins
Saves me a lot of pink wojaks when prices drop 90% in whatever shitcoin /biz/ is shilling this week
LTC is honestly not worth it, in my opinion, it's meant to be 4x less the valor of bitcoin, and yet it's not even $100 worth.Also, LTC is in the same category as BTC, when it comes to crypto, its store of value.
Crypto is all about taking advantage of the volatility to make gains, whats the point of buying coins that have already mooned?
Its like you dont want to make it.
everything is correlated to bitcoin anyways except maybe bch
I bought them before they mooned
Also my objective is to accumulate and use the coins as currency later.
If I buy a shitcoin it's purely to make more of the three mentioned before.
I don't believe in the value prop of 99% of coins
selling cheap btcFuck are you even on you dumb altfag...
Then you should be jumping on the next moon mission
bch is inversely correlated to bitcoin
What are your picks faggot?Thinking about making this portfolio: 80%, 10% ETH, 5% XRP and 5% Monero.That's the coins I like based on my very little knowledge of fundamentals, and it'd be market cap weighted or something close to that.
% BTC*
Fucking BORING
Depends on your referential, just like everything.
If you can handle pink wojaks good on you but I can't, I'm used to stocks-like returns so BTC is already my very limit in terms of volatility.
his portfolio consists only of crypto
>tokens are the most basic form of smart contract