Just a reminder:Even when you get your Lambo and filled all the hypergamy checkmarks of your model semen demon, you won't be fulfilled until you've slayed your own demons.
From experience, non-sex worker models are usually pretty bland in bed.
A 5 with a big butt that can make me laugh and play N64 with me will always give me more fulfillment.Don't chase the gains and FOMO buy - in crypto or IRL
Uh, ok
Trading in crypto the past week has actually taught me a lot about more IRL than working in the public for the last decade and I'm 27 lol.
BTW pic related?
Got More?
I'm not getting a lambo or a model when I make it.
I'm getting a bunch of trains in my newly built bunker to play with!
Thanks Chad
Spoken like a true neckbeard
Yo don't even lift bruhhh
I agree, insofar that I have been severely disappointed in the past when I fucked a girl who was better looking that the 10 girls I fucked before her, but then her pussy smelled bad or she was uncomfortably wodden.That being said, I still want a facially pretty girl for gf purposes.
I can't walk around showing off a normie 7.>hypergamy checkmarksWhat does this have to do with her hypergamy?Crypto is just the capitalist game.
I don't think anybody here "needs" money in that sense.
Once you got enough that you could take off for 6 months without working, everything is just a bonus.
No job is worse than having one.
I'm 27 too, homie.
Respect.
And yep, markets in general teach you a lot about behavioral science for sure.And ummm...pic also related ;)
don't try to bang hot girls
no job is worse than having one.Amen to that, brother.And hypergamy in the sense that mad dudes think once they have all the money and status to be desirable to high value women, all their problems will be solved.
But it's only surface, unless you feel abundance all over.
I feel you on not showing off a 7, but it honestly depends - if she's got a dope enough personality, a 7 becomes a 10.
Same way an unattractive dude can become attractive if he's confident.
Just look at Shane BurcawNah, definitely try.
And succeed.
Just don't rely on it to provide you happiness
DseoGMVfcNGJLuUzXDeBeQ9HAv9dwjgGCtv
 if she's got a dope enough personality, a 7 becomes a 10no, not really.And it doesn't work the other way around.
Value of females comes in large part from child bearing i.e.
fitness, which is impied by looks.
If you give me 0.01 btc I will give you my nudesI'm a girl 3QiyyiX3FhtAWHQfz5fXaBXjYUcPhghEkvPlease :(
Please show feet tattoo
You still need to pay attention to their personality.
If you're not careful you'll end up with a 10/10 harboring an (on the surface) great personality that degrades into a 4/10 cunt once she hits 35.Even if you can handle it, your kids won't be able to.
Be careful.
4511158how many 4CHN for a gf like these?
playing video games with your girlDon't you have male friends anon?Nah, cause you're LARPing faggot
I'm not chasing the Lambo.
I'm chasing a home.
I want stability, and I don't want to rent cuck anymore.
Who said anything about marriage?
All women turn to trash by 35.
Get rich and keep playing with the 18 year olds.
lmao, thank you for the laugh.I think that's where we differ.
I'm a sucker for ass, but I ultimately don't use my reptilian brain too much when it comes to choosing a mate.
I prolly drank too much gay frog water growing up, but looks don't keep me around as much as a good connection
it's a fox i think
I'm serious :(I will post my nudes right here if you give me 0.01Please I need the money :(
come to NYC sometime, I'll wingman you
we know it's you pajeet
peepee go in vagene lmoa
Realist statement I've read on 4chan in months
Get rich and keep playing with the 18 year olds.And which of those 18 year olds would you consider fit to raise your children?
This.
I'm with you.
I don't have any BTC but I have lots of ETH.
First 4 letters of my trip and timestamp on tits and I'll send some.
Please tell me you've rimmed that ass.
ehh, not my cup of tea.
you take the 18 year olds, I'll be keeping their moms company
I will not get tricked again.
First you send me the ETH and then I'll do it.0xfd02350749e1d385cc7387c9a3d7bb313a09aa76
One of the only things ive seen on this sub that isn't complete bullshit.
First you send me the ETH
Whichever hasn't been brainwashed by modern feminist bullshit.
Younger ones bear healthier children anyway.
Womens' quality for reproduction drops as she ages much more quickly than it does for men.
Every woman is inferior to herself when she was younger.But I didn't say anything about having children.
Lol agreed.I feel like having a girlfriend with a pretty face matters most to people who really care about what others think about them.
It seems like it matters even less for you since you're ass man.
A good face doesn't really matter when fucking from behind lol.
this sub
Audibly kekd
OP I will write your name on my butt for 0.005 BTC3QiyyiX3FhtAWHQfz5fXaBXjYUcPhghEkv
I rim every ass that is thoroughly washed
Stfu quit acting wise.
x9334a9881a1Efe4Fde28C3c3808dd58726cF7981Thanks anon
someone pay this woman
Imagine spending that much time on photoshop for a few btc, get a job
4512119>the absolute state of /biz/
>can make me laugh and play N64 with me You are a faggotkys
i got to fuck a stripper for like 400 at the club once.
>had 800 to blow.
decided to go to titty bar during the day on a tuesday>grabbed a drink and a seat off to the side.
>saw black petite stripper dancing, threw some ones and got a face full of tits and ass.
rubbed my dick.
>gave her a shot>she comes back later and sits down on my lap>got a lap dance from her and she grabbed my dick and i suggested a vip session>payed like 200 got a bottle and her for whenever.
she got down with me>got her to spread on my face and kiss, she offered more for $100.
>took my dick out and sucked it then put a condom on an rode me several ways.
best peice of ass ive gotten in forever>lasted 5 minutes with her bouncing and biting my neck, grabbing my hair, and grabbing her tits.
and popped inside her.
>threw the condom away had more drinks and got round two for 3 minutes.
>went home around 7pm and played counter strike >still could feel that ass grinding against me.
Showing nudes for ether?
It's really replacing BTC damn
Stupid whore.
Day of the rope incoming.
Just a small ritual offering for Money Skeleton
Fuck, I'll send you 0.5 ETH for a timestamp with my ID next to your ass or pussy.
Extra ETH for pussy.
Probably bait
I dont understand the ugly girl that plays video games memethats what guy friends are forgirls are for fucking
4512119mfw I lied and am actually poorfag
Maybe someone should develop some kind of smart contract or app to facilitate tips for nudes on forums, making sure both parties got what they want.
Autism confirmed
The last person was an obvious scammer, why would anyone believe you?
Not baiting.I might unironically do this.
Raise like 10 million in an ICO, kek.
This is why I've had the edge my whole life.
16 year old birth parents, but adopted by mid-30s couple.
I'm rich and horny as fuck right now, that's at least 1 reason.
0.5 ETH is nothing for me, I made 50x that on power in the last 3 days.
Pajeet girls begging now?
Wow this is new
lmao I'm a dude.
That's the girl I was just hanging with.
some of you fellas don't know how to act when you see actual tits
oh wait...you mean YOU lied.lmaooo all good.
we had funDominican.
She makes more money than me, actually.
This was just for fun lol
What did you mean by that "makes mullar than me" partIs she an escort or something?
bartender and burlesque dancer.
good tips
markets in general teach you a lot I've said this before that trading has a lot in common with daygame and outcome independence But this got ignored, like the bible says dont cast your pearls to swine:>for trading if you trade you're going to take a stoploss.
Professional traders at funds and banks take stoplosses, that's part of trading.
And you have your money management right then you can quickly overcome that loss, and you have to move on to the next trade.
Reason I bring this up is I've been thinking to myself for awhile that trading and girls have a lot in common.
So you see a qt and approach but she shoots you down.
That's all part of the game just like in trading you're guaranteed to taking a stoploss and in game you're guaranteed to have a rejection and you have to move on to the next qt.
In trading you have to get yourself psychologically able to be able to take a stoploss without freaking out, same with girls, most guys who don't get use to this are not able to do it without spilling spaghetti all over.Anyways my ex wife used to always promise she'd never want to leave me or divorce and would love me forever and all that, until she wanted a divorce after I lost my job.
Now that I'm getting good at trading and have the ability to literally print money and I worry about if its too late or if I'm too old to find a wife tier girls versus having to settle for leftovers, or maybe trying to get with a 18yo girl and molding her into my perfect wife or something like that maybe would help.
rentcuckThe point of crypto is the become rich enough to buy the whole damn apartment and then subcontract a management group to do all the literal dirty workrich get richer
Ouch same thing with my ex of 7 years.
Was all promises and no worries until I became unemployed then that was it.
this thread raised begging for some crypto code to a new level also i think that nobody here expects to actually buy a lambo just from trading to me this crypto trading is just a game for moderate gains,losses and keks
this
I have a lot in common with you.
Good analogy.
You'd be a good wingman to stoploss and 10x moon mission these women with
PLEASE BE BAIT
4512584COPE you fucking absolute whore
You'd be a good wingmanProbably not right now since I've been married and then separated and out of the game for so many years and also in order to get really really good at trading you practically have to turn the autism dial up to an 11.But I did do a little bit of skimming over a game forum and reading about how you have to approach approach approach and get used to it, and at first you can hardly do it without spilling spaghetti all over, and then over time you start to get used to meeting and gaming strangers.
I thought about how this sounds like when you are getting started trading at first you can hardly put the trade on without your stomach turning or getting extremely anxious and sweating as it dances closer to your stop before taking off.
There are some pro traders in interviews that say stuff like at first try to desensitize yourself by just flipping a coin and taking a very small tiny trade not with the goal of winning a trade, just to get used to having a trade on.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systematic_desensitization
word!
yeah, just like talking to a group of dudes in the club first.
Then a girl who maybe isn't super attractive to you, but just connecting on a human level, getting present.And I hear you dude.
I'm glad you dedicated yourself.
Although autism lowkey helped me out in the world.
Dancing thru all the missed social cues is kinda part of my charm
this sub
what subs do you prefer?
sub
>will be a bitcoin millionaire>still a kissless virgin at 24
so was I, till 25.you'll make it, anon
Moot?
Nope, this Poole is never closed ;)
umm
1 post by this ID.Did he commit Sudoku?
4512119HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA\
Found the autist
looks like some primo pussy broski.
let's see some more
It's over for me anon.
In 20 years I'll buy my android waifu with my bitcoin millions
You autists and your prostitutes.
Why do you have to come up with these convoluted ways of bragging/justifying your banal decision?
First time I've read a prostitution story that sounds hot and not sad.Good 5 you m8.
Noice.Stay black and beautiful bby.
I'm confused...never paid for sex in my life?
Just saying /biz should stop banking their happiness on fucking hot women who aren't even that good in bed lolpic related
Your room looks like a Hoarders episodeStop posting fruity faggot winky faces and trying to brag about banging an average looking girl, you cringelord soyboy redditorBy posting in this thread for 5 hours straight, you've lost the ability to convince anyone your life isn't miserable
This, if you aren't a NEET virgin buying crypto with your goodboy points you need to fuck off
depressing
Well yeah, it is miserable.
when you fuck people who you were taught to put on a pedestal, and realize, "this is it?
", without doing any inner work...yeah that's pretty miserable.
hope the same fate doesn't befall you and your relationships are whole and fulfilling once you go to Lamboland
I spent them all on soy bars
shes def a face down ass up fuckyou keep a bag around for when you wanna play with the titties?
looks like she has a goblin face bronice body though
oh look it's the only good comment in this thread because it actually gives you a decent business related idea instead of OOGA BOOGA MUH DIK
I have always know /biz/ is the most reddit board.
word!why are there still people who act like wiggers from the 1990s
well now you have time in life to kill all the crypto niggers
4512585>my ex wife used to always promise she'd never want to leave me or divorce and would love me forever and all that...my fiancee says this shit nowguys?
why would you take on a wife?
how big is the dowry?
Well it is true that only 10% of woan or less stay single and pretty much all of them had sex at one point, the same can not be said f the 20% male population leftover
cuz I make rap beatsyou'd be surprised.
cute Swede.
I prefer Black/Latina women anyway
The guy looks like a cross between a pink wojak and that Sweden guy meme from /int/ (blonde guy with teeth showing)
Sent
foot tattooBe honest... how many nigger dicks has she sucked
That is sad, why do women do this?
Don't they want to stick by their man!!!!
I don't care, long as she's sucking mine righthahaha sometimes truth is stranger than memesdamn, that was a pleasant surprise.
I appreciate that, may 10x gains find their way to you in the near future
salty incel detectedAnd, while helpful & appreciated, that "idea" is real estate 101
may your gains and erections be strong
3 you too anon.
we're gonna make it
you're only proving my point, the entire contents of this thread are more worthless than real estate 101
Holy shit.
Are people legitimately getting paid for nudes in this sub now?
My wife is hot af.
Need to get in on this hustle.
my wife is hot af>let me whore her out for meme coinsFucking degenerate
subenough
Gf has body like this and i wish she would let me rim her :/ lets me do everything else though...
with time, my friend.
mine had never done butt stuff once in her life.
birthdays are good days...
Larping on an anonymous imageboard about how many arseholes you've lickedBegging a woman to let you lick her arseholeHow does one become this pathetic?/biz/ is literally fucking gay, I should have never left /pol/.
die
thanks for making me cum
actually, this is great.
anyone wanna see my bwd for some ETH or BTC?I'll do the same setup as that hot pajeet girl
I'll show my fiancee's ass for .09 eth
Betas have no stoploss.
lol.
They go down with the first trade gives them a little bit of profit.
gross
sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage sage
Wtf is this thread.
Fuck of to 4chn/r you absolute reprobates.
You're all probably posting pics of girls you found on the internet.
Actually fat old sweaty men in you mum's damp dark basement with lube on standby
fuck off nigger faggotnow, who wants to see my dick?
Hahaha nigger faggot.
I can tell you're about 12.
Or the mental capacity of a 12 year old.
You dumb ass bitch.
Where did your cock even come into what I was saying...you thinking you're a badman sitting behind your screen haha.
Ps your dicks tiny mate.
You little pecker has no interest in biz/ No one wants to see it...except maybe to laugh at.Get a life.
Get a job.
Get a woman.
Fuck off
got a life.
got a job.
got a woman.
got a big fat dick, and I ain't afraid to use it.
being this fucking mad over a dickwew lad
There is a solution for the pics for ETH - it's called SPANKCHAIN, it's actually a decent project hat already has Janice Griffith and Kayden Kross onboard