>it's another jihan tries to usurp the king weekend
>the king
And it's going to be like that the next week and the week after than, and even the week and the following week after that again and again.Be very afraid corecucks we're here and we aint going nowhere.
4420127some people never learn
You're so fucking annoying.
Just make new just'd memes for when the return of the mad king
It's now over 1300, that FOMO in overdrive yet?
cry little babby lmao
the cryptorelationship.btc is the male and bcash is the female.
just follow the money.
don't form emotional attachments with coins.
BCH is not the new BTC it is simply a new way to make more money.
evolve.
adapt.
go with the flow and you can get rich off of these 2 coins fighting it out.
this.you're a fucking idiot of your not trading these obvious swings out of ...what?
emotional or moral grandstanding?
4420537I'm talking about your childish, delusional shitposting.
Couldn't care less about the price desu.
You're replying to a Buttcoin maximalists, these are brainwashed Buttcoin thumping sheep hence why they're so attached to it.
You can only lead a horse to water.
lol bitcoin back to 5k
Yeah let em know anime girl!
There's no way you're older than 14.
4420627>(you)
BCH is like that little scrawny kid who thinks he's hot shit and flexes his nonexistent muscles and talks shit every chance he gets to you although you've got 5 inches and 50 pounds on him and could KTFO him any time you want, but who's mom is friends with your mom so you just sort of have to put up with it for the time being... you know that cunt who always dies a miserable death in movies when justice gets served?
- That's what BCH is.
pump and dump group if you are interested https://discord.gg/4Rbzbz6
Why are mommy and daddy fighting again?
until you lose all of your money to the king anyway.
until he picks you up and slams you on your head and you realize why he was always so cocky
Until you realize he's only 3 months old and already beat up Ethereum who is 2+ years old and is coming back for more
>/biz/ doesn't know it's going past 8k tonight
It's just a PND, check this 1600 members groups...https://discord.gg/4Rbzbz6
Bought some bitcoin cash got my sell orders in alreadyFeels comfy waking up tomorrow to more gainz
ITT: Coin marriagesWhy?
Warring over coins is retarded.
As is price action based purely on emotion.
This shit is honestly like brand wars between smartphone makers.
Shut the fuck up and make your money.