this is crazy2500 BTC worth over 17 million dollars
balls
as the old saying goesYou win some you lose some.
That's not a single person.
Just a collective or a fcking fund.
this is bigger than you think,10k bch buy wall on bch/btc exchange on kraken too, look at what it did to the market on the 1 minute chart.we need to start collecting and analyzing data on this to figure out what's really going on, i heard people mentioning similarly large orders at .5 on other major exchanges, this is serious shit
4316018lol even whales are victims of FOMO
Explain?
At what price?
they did not buy it retard thats just a wall
A bot was buying bch at .5 for more then an hour.Really weird
They are pumping the price dumbass.
Put a big enough buy wall and you force stupid buyers to bid higher, so you can sell them your previously buyed coins to them at a carefully selected price.
Then you dump.
being this retardedYou can't make money by buying something then crashing the market.
Those orders went through.
>tfw went to bed 10 hours ago with an OPEN short on BCH (30 BCH)>wake up, look on my blockfolio>It's at 0.42>realised I probably got liquidated, almost start to cry>opened bitfinex, my margin position was liquidated at 0.36 (still better than at 0.5)>have 17 BTC left in exchange wallet>short 60 BCH at 0.30 to get the money back they stole from me>close short at 0.21>mfw it worked out well and I have even more BTC than yesterday
We're witnessing probably the biggest criminal conspiracy of our lifetimes.
If Wu isn't dead in a week I'll eat my dick
>tfw ur wall got eaten at the peak
Why will he die?This operation is supported by Chinese government to take over Bitcoin.Jihan is probably well protected by Chinese CIA because he is going to become Satoshi
We says it is Wu and not one of the mining corps.
There are lots of possible perpetrators.
Fucking this.
Sneaky fuck.
lol they don't buy it, they force other buyers to bid higher, those big orders never went through moron.
whales are accumulating
4316106I bought Cash with my fiat and sold it for BTC and then BTC to fiatI did this twice and made $4000+ in like 30 minutesHeres the order like 15 minutes in, whats weird is that he didnt even attempt to delist is order, it just sat there until it was all gone
What is a whale?
Is that like a fat woman?
they've already gone through brainlet, actually have a look before you spout absolute shit
Bitcoin Cash works.
Bitcoin doesn't.
No conspiracy, the market has spoken.