all hail the yoteany last words before you guys FOMO and buy at ATH?
tfw sold some because I thought it would go sidewaysEh, still got most of my IOT bags back from summer.
Will buy after the bitcoin shitstorm
buying sjwIOTA ever
muh political agendaYou're just like the SJWs
so IOTA pass $1 when?
Already did.
EOY will be $1-3.
I bought some way back.
Before the 2.4 transition phase and several bug fixes.
I got my IOTA taken into the foundation custody account and haven't gotten it back in 145 days.Serious what the fuck is this shit?https://iotasear.ch/hash/FOLFVLZTCKQMKOOESTMEMWZPTEHPPV9JVLHGDKFKOVYNFHG9THWITBBKIPUFHHOIZLAAXXCGCNKGTYJONGLXXUQJZHSO my address is literally 0.
The only two transactions are the address generation and me putting some iota in there.
iota is nice hedge against bitcoin dramano miners, no blockchainyes it's not a 10x moon coin, but coins with real use rarely areit just finished full correction so it relatively safe buy
Ethereum is much more SJW of a project and nobody cares
The foundation can unironically confiscate your balance.
The biggest mistake was moving it off an exchange.
Use it for daytrading or some shit only.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Iota/comments/74bvbj/reclaim_iota_from_foundation/
I literally ran that yesterday and I still haven't gotten shit.
Source needed
This is truth.
They can also change the balance of any address when they're between snapshots
Also them being able to confiscate your balance for whatever reasons, 2.4.0 transition phase, or that curl update is pretty daming.
Read up on the coordinator and search slack history, you'll find it
read up on the combinator.
it's extremely aggressive
asking for source for something I had to personally do>links a months old reddit post on reclaiming iota that the foundation shouldn't have been able to take into custody to begin withHere faggot.
I downloaded the updated wallet with the reclaim tool far after your leddit thread.
Eragmus is CfB>Eragmus is CfBEragmus is CfB>Eragmus is CfBEragmus is CfB>Eragmus is CfB
The foundation can unironically confiscate your balance.
The biggest mistake was moving it off an exchange.
Use it for daytrading or some shit only.yeah i only have like 1000 so i just keep them on exchangewallet is not ready and network isnt decentralized yetits a long hold
on exchangeIn principle this is pretty dumb considering what has been happening with exchanges.
I didn't want to get fucked over like what happened with Gox or only slightly with Bittrex with withdrawals.
But out of the frying pan, ...into another frying pan.
My link doesn't mention anything about confiscations.
This could be a technical problem just like the 0 balance-problem after many wallet updates.
This is the right answer.
The current state of IOTA is MVP.
Alpha.
20% of overall goal.It isn't great now, but it is DEF a long-term hodl.Analysis shows $18 IOTA in 2020 :)
I'm a little bit worried about the longterm use of the token since the network may use zero cost transactions to get data through.>inb4 " this is FUD"
Look at the damn block explorer.
The address itself has a balance of 0.
This isn't about generating 1000s of addresses because the wallet didn't scan deep enough.
I have done that SEVERAL times over 145 days, and I still have absolutely 0.https://forum.helloiota.com/588/Help-My-IOTA-balance-is-zero-steps-to-help-you-find-your-balance-v253>the IOTA foundation decided to take similar custody of those addresses
https://iotasear.ch/hash/FOLFVLZTCKQMKOOESTMEMWZPTEHPPV9JVLHGDKFKOVYNFHG9THWITBBKIPUFHHOIZLAAXXCGCNKGTYJONGLXXUQJZHJust in case its flown over your head.>transactionsst one is address generation / attaching to tangle, 0nd one is 103 Miota being deposited into the address>final balance 0
I've thought about this as well.If people do a bunch of 0 value transactions, they can bloat the shit out of the tangle's size, which affects all the IRI servers in service.Granted it's snapshots (great design decision IMO) so they can sever the bloat, but it doesn't stop it from happening again.
shitcoin, half the price it was months ago, every week they find a glitch in their system, sometimes it's big, sometimes it's huge, no functioning wallet and retarded leftists cuckolds in charge of itI'll pass
over 100x up from ico with no working network after 2 years of a mainnetno thanks
Wrong buddy, not a shitcoin in any sense of the word.
All these ERC20 contracts are pathetic by comparison.Say what you want about the IOTA team's politics, or their early software.
The fact is they have the most ORIGINAL crypto project on the top 15 right now.No bullshit fork base like every other project.
From scratch.
No other crypto project is
No other crypto project is this unique in its technical execution *(typo)
So your token seem to be on the tangle but under foundational control.
Reclaim them and you're fine.>inb4 "already did but nothing happened"I'm sorry to hear that.
Proceed, I'm sure you'll get your tokens back.
The problems should be decreasing with further developments.
Explain thisAt least Jihan Wu, as much as I don't support it, can't change balances of addresses nor seize assets in any capacity.
So your token seem to be on the tangle but under foundational control.
Reclaim them and you're fine.You're late.4303187
Well, the more transactions there are, the better the network gets.
My concern is that some day the token's value might plummet hard.
Yes the current situation with the foundation sucks.
They saved 20k wallet addresses (which is probably on some level justified, albeit annoying) because people were double spending.They are releasing the funds back on Monday.
correction: not double spending, using the same wallet address more than once
from the bittrex api code
YASBittrex also follow IOTA on Twitter, along with some of the staff working thereOne day senpai