Can we get a nice confido thread?Looks very promising, EOY prediction people?
I like it.
I trust it because they respond quickly on telegram.
That means they are active devs.
Easy 5x such a great team, low market cap
0.01 XMR a piece in 2050 as blockchain antique, holding on to mine hard.
"stay poor and keep fuding never been comfyer in my life".Wish i took screenshots of all this shit on time :(
chan archives, newfag.
4518019Is this is a joke?
Have I gone back in time?
Am I autistic and unable to recognize sarcasm?
All of the above?
One of the few coins with a working product.
fuck youI bought at 97 cents and it's now less than a penny
I hope you're joking.Why would you buy after it rose that much
I fell for the 10m market cap meme5000 dollars is now 25 dollars just fucking kek
We've shown strong support at the zero value level we'll see where it goes from here
what even is a stop loss?
if you didnt pull out after -10% you deserve to be poor
l m a o
they told me, "it's just a dip bro" "just whales shaking out weak hands" "accumulation phase
Ever heard of “do your own research”?People say things like that 99% of the time it’s because they’re coping.
They want it to be true.
But it may not be true.Accumulation phases have a particular patterns that can be seen in charts, order book etc.
Verify this shit.
Chances are you believed them because that was something you wanted to be true.
> Team is honest and asked for only 400k during start up> 5 mil market cap> Working product releasing soon> real world use of the tokenAnd of course that nigger Ian Balina thinks this coin isn't going anywhere.
It's already 10x ICO and climbing.
Jokes on him!
Oh my god I'm so sorry lmaoIf I were rich I'd give you a handout
m market cap is huge for the small project they were talking about anyways... jesus I hope you are larping dude
Even if Anon is larping there are guaranteed to be people in that situation right now.
This is a great project!
I wanted to buy a plushie from plushie anon, but we couldn't come to an agreement.
With confido we'd be able to trade
I missed ICO but know a man, who went all in in CFDLuckily, he was smart enough to pull out his principal at x12Why havent yo done the same?
I was waiting for the dip.
Going in now seems finally like a good idea.
The ROI potential is insane.
60k market that means 10x your money and its still not 1 mill market cap ,this is extremely undervalued.Get on the train or stay poor
BUY AND GET JOOSTED