Want my ETP's out from Bitfinex, but the wallet I just downloaded wont open.
Should I just sell my ETP's to ETH or BTC?
I am holding ETP long term.
The wallet can be flaky though, I've had to re-install it to a new virtual machine a couple times to get back in
But it wont even open
yeah I've had that problem and had to just make a new virtual machine and install from scratch using my private key phrase
send it to hitbtc
STOP PUMPING IM FUCKING TRANSFERING YM MONEYT STOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
It works for me just fine.I've frozen my ETP for 3 months.Go to %appdata% and delete mainnet folder in Metaverse folder.
Are you getting paid interest?
Is that how it works?
you can freeze for varying amount of times, for varying amount of interest up to 1 year for 20%
What %:for 3 months?
It's pumping?
Bump
4486398
Not bad.
Lock away for a year and you will never panic sell
Fuckkk I want ETP to stay low for a while until I have enough money to buy big ass bags of it.
What is this?
I only see it now and it has an option to deposit to a specific address?
How does this work?I've only got 50 ETP right now so would it even be worth it?
it already at base $3 for few weeks and I am done accumulating, metaverse takes off is just a matter of time, comfy.
send it to mine.
it's works great.
that year is not a actual year, its longer...its block time...not human time...becareful, ive locked stuff from day 1 for a month...still waiting for unfreeze.
You just type amount of ETP you want to freeze for specific time and you are locked off from your funds until the calculated block is mined.
ETPnot really worth it in that case.Yeah, true.
The estimation is way off, I've heard about people locking it for 1 month to receive it 1 month+1 week later.
Aside from my 3 month lockup, I've also locked another ETP holdings for 1 week to test it out.
I mine to it, then added bonus, I lock what I mined for a week, for a week - which i like a month...
Pajeet english there, but I think you get the just of it.
it's more likely that he is a chink, pajeets have decent english, at least when they aren't speaking it.4487063tell us your ancient chink wisdom, how far will it go?
White, just lazy..., this is gonna 5 Dorra in the next 2 weeks again
Can some TA fag tell if this analysis is trash or not: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PkzQWhtnro&feature=youtu.be
Meme lines seem to work huh
ta on a single exchange coini wouldnt trust it, but im still holding etps and its sort of mooning right now so who nows