bow to the VERTcock
Steady volume increase all day.
Whales are ready for a big move, now is the floor.
this is it boys light it up
Can we get all green IDs or what?VTC $10 EOY
god is behind this mission
going to dump my bags once this hits 10. going to make a nice profit but don't see much of a future with this coin.
wtf is going on today yall
you kidding me?
they'll be implementing atomic swaps and then LTC will be the gatekeeper of alts, with little VTC as next in line to the alt throne
seriously, PBC fuck ups, planned PnD , bitcoin gold, BCH moonAAAAHHHHHH
nope.majority of the vertcoin community are reddit moonkids.
asic resistance is a meme and doesn't really solve anything (POW is outdated anyway).
Vertcoin is to Litecoin like Litecoin is to Bitcoin.
I'm sure it will rise in the long term but at the end of the day it will never come close to dethroning bitcoin (see: network effect).
Further, crypto used simply as stores of value is going to be ditched because decentralized currency inevitably runs into divided communities through forks.
So if Bitcoin ever crashes (it will) then why would anybody trust any other decentralized currency?
My investment is going towards smart contracts and projects looking to push blockchain towards practical use.
I will always have sentimental value with vertcoin tho because it was my first crypto (and I made some good money from it).
I'll probably keep like 20 and continue day trading it tho because the swings are pretty easy to hit.
VTC is pretty low atm.
buy in now and wait for some easy gains.
I agree with your thinking, but would add that it doesn't even need to come close to dethroning BTC for it to still be an absolutely amazing investment.
Even if we're talking half the value of LTC (which IMO isn't thaaat unreasonable) we're still talking 10x value which I would be hesitant to claim on any other coin in the short term (yr)
Same, anon.
When did you get in?
yeah I really don't see it going as high as $20 end of next year but it's possible.
their dev team is also pretty amateurish so while they are putting up a nice product it's current status is all hype.earlier this year
Nobody seems to even understand what atomic swaps are.
I went to VTC discord today to see if anyone wanted to test a VTC atomic swap with me, that I would pay them to do it, and the response was...>hurdurr atomic swaps?
That’s not even news.
The new thing is Lightning Network atomic swapsBrainless don’t even know what they are doing or how to do
earlier this yearWell that tells me nothing other than that you're not a time traveler.
What price?
I meant to get in around May but didn't until September @ $1.2 before it's first proper moon trip.
What are the most promising smart contract projects?
been following VTC closely for a few months, should see an easy 30% over a couple of days
Is that when bitcoin-tether fraud implodes the market, or when it isn't?
lol I thought you meant getting into crypto investing and not specifically vertcoin lol.
I bought in at 25k.
Cardano.
Check out their white paper on their upcoming POS Oroboros.
It's a long term hold but unlike a lot of the coins posted here they have an assload of scholarly research going into it with the purpose of solving issues like scalability and sustainability.
Cardanodocs is another great resource and their github is extremely active.