APOLOGIZE
Got me excited, fuk u
DELET
kek, seems like it could shoot to 2100sats though
You mock, but it will unironically moon within the next three weeks.
Mainnet

This hits too close to home
44764954476652kek, +00,05%Chancoin mooned +108% yesterday and there was no serious dumping.
This is just the beginning.#4CHNallday
my life
APOLOGIZE
HOLY SHIT!
THIS ROCKET AINT STOPPING
Volume is up 25% in the past 2 hpurs
Every alt will, BTC is down you dumb fuck.
This happens every time.
LINK hodler here.
This is why I love /biz/these memes are amazing
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies will cause the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
>no-links on suicide watch
This is your last chance no-linkers

Serious LINK bagholder hereeven though watching this shit bleed while every other coin is mooning has left me suicidal, I have to be honestwe're not going to break 20 cents without news.
It's been in the same area +-0150 for the entire week
Learn to trade and you wouldn't be in this mess.
Can we get this fucking piece of shit banned already.
EVERY SINGLE THREAD today has this retard spamming in it.
And I've been browsing /biz/ 10 hours cause I'm an autist.
Nobody fucking cares about your 1 BTC volume shitcoin that you "pumped" up 108% all by yourself.
Nobody will buy your bags.Now fuck off you pathetic excuse for human life.
priced in