Whelp guys I did it.
$10 milli.
Decamillionaire now.
8 digits.Three cheers for Bitcoin cash bumping me up the last bit.There's no confetti or balloons when you hit $10 mil.
Can't tell my gf or friends, so I'm enjoying some Moet by myself.
Nice how'd you make it?
Early bitcoin adopter or early eth adopter?
Congrats anon.
Tomorrow> I'm down 3m in BCH AAAAAAAAAAHHHH
blockfolio larp
Is this a Dom Perignon larp?
BTC.
Mined a 25 BTC block, sold my miner for 45 BTC, quietly accumulated before the Mt Gox runup and after the collapse.Thought about getting into ETH, but the whole DAO debacle and subsequent reversal made me balk.
It wasn't about the DAO itself but rather compromising the immutability of transactions.
beggars incomingseriously tho grats dude, that's tight as fuck
No, lol, I bought Imperial.
Idk I think Dom might be a bit too showy.
Maybe wait until $100 MM?
congrats on being a badass larper
Congratz, I still hope another chance like Eth will roll around for us late adopters but I'm really starting to lose hope
Wow not like anyone lies on blockfolio
Put it all in Link YOLO faggot
Just dumped another 100 BTC onto poloniex.
Let me say the volume is much much greater than when I tried to sell for Bitcoin Cash at 0.08.
Equ9TBAowaSPrU5CnNnjxTAa9P4tLE31gI will comfirm if you can miss 5BTC
yeah no I don't buy shitcoins.
You don't buy anything because you're a larping faggot more like.
Just imagine having $10M and still shitposting on /biz/ instead of doing fucking anything else, nobody can be that pathetic.
Can you help a poor fag out and make me celebrate with you?1BsosRjbETKhWC7EXYKaSPB6Av6D8uLEyr
What the fuck is an MM
Suppose you hit $10MM all of a sudden.
Who could you talk to about it without engendering jealousy or greed?
That's pretty dope, you going to liquidate to fiat and live comfy for the rest of your days or keep playing the game?Also if you're feeling magnanimous my BCC wallet, I'm a broke ass grad student just getting started in this game, I have like nothing to build from1HkQopvU8VwcvhMFzgqUZ6WqScVhM9EWUe
M= 1000 in roman numeralsM*M=MM=1,000,000
send some btc to confirm1hjxRryz651sxoeUPnEsWA4SixpvTPsh3
Congrats, OP.
Hope it brings you happiness, you've made it to the absolute peak of human achievement, being richer than most alive today and in the past.
Watch out not to get too cought up in all of it, remember what matters in life and what makes you truly happy, money or no money.
That's coming from someone whose wealth is bordering on poverty level, like 50 bucks is a lot of money for me.
If you wanna help out a bit, even a few cents worth of btc would be put to use, even if just for paying tx fees for.
Btc: 1Bm4UqGbfDBq9TqUR56RN7RhEdyqadcSme
What's your plan for exiting straight into cash?
My man, good taste.
Dom is ok for $15 mil
Nigger.
Use that money to go and find people and bond with them so that you can eventually talk to them about it.
Are you fucking retarded?
Holy shit.
Do you derive more pleasure from pajeets spamming their addresses in your shitty threads on /biz/?
But again, you're just a larper so none of this matters.
In that case, well done OP you've done great for yourself.>tfw want to jump on the begging train but don't want to be a fag
bad b8 m8
Nice job.
You gonna keep going the crypto route or call it quits now?Also if you're feeling willing...1iHNq9JpkxtkyZ1B6AYug6Pofu7VDDsgU
biztard beggers at it again, make it your fucking selves, hell i only threw 20 bucks into bch while it was at $500 aud, but I'm happy as larry with the results and its just encouraging me to do more.
Congrats OP, ive only just joined the crypto game, bought a gaming rig to game a month ago but discovered ethereum so my rig with its pissy 18m/h's has been constantly mining for the past month, no gaming haha.
I'll be up there one day OP, no if's or buts about it
absolute peak of human achievement
Isn't mining in Australia shit because of the electricity prices here?
I'll say that the failure of the whole Bitcoin 2x fork really has me concerned.
Had the 2x fork succeeded, we would have seen an enormous relief of transaction congestion and falling fees.
I did plan for this contingency and so switching out a couple hundred BTC for BCH was a no brainer.
I hope BCH completes its flip in the next few months (fuck me if the SEC approves the BTC ETF), but it does have me concerned.Honestly I'm not sure what I'm going to do.
I don't LIVE a $10MM lifestyle, so I'd be pretty comfy even if I had a 90% loss.
So with that in mind, I'm very risk tolerant and don't really plan on cashing out in any significant respect.
Prefer big blocks or just riding the pump?
Congrats anon.
You actually made it to the top.If you're feeling generous.
I'm a poor Slav trying to escape the wagecuck life with crypto.BTC1D1ZLJjV7X37Fs6cK723B5sYaGWckNerBS
audaussie shitposter confirmedm/h's>gaming rigshit-tier gaming rig confirmed
Hey.
18zNsXH1Pcfp4DEdJB7hysvHzQLnf46F53I was the God fearing man who was promised 2BTC by a fake rich guy when I got quads about a week ago.Still don't have a single sat of BTC.
May God help you, remember to pray and thank the Lord for what he has done!
Love.
nice use of inspect in IE
Don't buy.
It's a pump and dump of monolithic proportions.
I don't have a plan for a straight exit.
This is really fucking dumb, but I love credit cards and I'd really like a Merrill Lynch Octave.
You need $10MM with them under wealth management.
I realize paying 1% on your assets annually is REALLY shitty, but I've always imagined I could put in $10MM, get the card, then pull it into passive funds.I'd definitely consider a partial exit at $100 MM, which holy shit is a lot, but well there you go.
solar
That makes sense, I was going to ask if you were hoping to get out before this even potentially destroys short term faith in a single winner in the crypto market, but I suppose that answers it.You seeing this parabola on Bittrex right now?Also sorry for begging but they trying to tax my tuition waivers, shit is crazy.
Nice, how much Ethereum you making in a week or so?
help a nigga out with some bch1MDKz3Z1CDJAnvAvDtZvxauZD5p9NvRHHn
Darling you deserve some 1996 Krug Clos du Mesnil  I do respect your going the frugal non-vintage route, though.
Dom Perignon is kind of overpriced in my opinion, except for the 2002 1996 1988 and a couple older vintages.
You get more for your money when you buy Krug or Taittinger Comtes de Champagne
U NEED TO CASH OUT THE BCC MY MAN
green text to feel goodIm 30, been a CASUAL console gamer for the past 2 generations after leaving the PC gaming scene when I was 18.
Im not going to blow thousands of dollars on a fucking waste of my time.
MM is 2000 is roman numerals
I understand risk tolerance I really do.
Bitcoin has changed my life, granted I've not made 10 million.
But I've 100 times in the last year.
I may not be as big a true believer as you, and if that's why you stay in then stay in and more power to you.
But if you trade for profit, then stay rational, yes it's possible you could turn that 10 to 100 mm and your life would have the potential to be better.
But turning 5 into 50 would make your life way better too.
This is one of the best opportunities to make money quickly in our lifetime but it will change or come to an end at some point.
The whole world in every market is in a bull run right now, when that fails don't hold the bag.
My personal advice is to buy something that has value no matter what.
And I don't mean shit like gold, I mean a means of production, buy a fiscally sound recycling plant, buy a fucking dairy farm, something that will continue to make you small money no matter what the market does BECAUSE PEOPLE HAVE TO USE IT NO MATTER WHAT.
Up to you of course but don't baghold, it would be an enormous shame to end your success story back where you began.
currently only around $1aud, its all profit technically and I will be investing in a proper build over the course of the next few months.
I think exact number is $23aud over 3 weeks so far.
Its sfa, but a start
Now show us your yearly graph faggot
Where do you get your info?
Did you know about BCH before this happened?
Good luck with that anon.
Might I suggest moving your Ethereum earnings into Ripple since it's solid as fuck and the price hardly moves (if anything, it's going up next year).
It will ensure your crypto you earn is still worth the same by the time you want to use it.
Do you think this flippening is a bullshit p&d?
BigGER blocks.
Holy shit Blockstream is awful.
I resent the term "big blocker" because 8MB blocks are not big- tons of web pages are larger.The Lightning Network/2nd layer 3rd layer "solutions" as they've been described are double plus ungood.
Really sounds like a semi-centralized, easily censored (and regulated) network- exactly NOT what Bitcoin was intended to be.Definitely not "riding the pump".
I've honestly made about 5 major trade "directions" in my life:1.
Acquire Buy BTC2.
Convert a little to Monero (got in at $6)3.
Hold BCH4.
(After the failure of the hard fork) Convert BTC to BC, evaluating as necessary (not rocking the markets too much)and 5. liquidate BTC to handle expensesSo no, I'm not day-trading.
I'm not doing technical analysis or any other ADHD pajeet stuff.
I'm evaluating information as it comes in and responding accordingly:1.
BTC has no plausible scaling strategy in any acceptable timeframe2.
BCH is seeing extraordinary volume and increased acceptance and support3.
There's a fundamental demand for an inflation-protected safe haven asset that can bypass capital controls and is uncorrelated with other assets
zrx
claims without proof are larpsnever change biz, never change
Noted.
Will have a look into that, im liking the trend of ether over the past 6 months..
I had the opportunity to put 10k in back in june but i chose to buy a fucking SS commodore instead and thrash the shit out of that before my son was born to get it out of my system.. i succeded but fuck am I regretting it now :(
destroys short term faith in a single winner in the crypto market, but I suppose that answers it.I honestly think that's a line that's been fed to Blockstream shills.
Knowing that possessing a Bitcoin gives you access to all of its successors is confidence boosting enough.
The very fact that Bitcoin can evolve around inefficient practices like Blockstream trying to hold it hostage is confidence boosting.I actually believe it's possible Blockstream may cave and try to push a 2MB hf of their own if Bitcoin Cash tips further upward.
Kek
M*M=MM= 1,000,000If you're mad, blame blockfolio and all of the investment community
Congratulations, Anon.
Turn that into 100mm and you can literally change the fate of your children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren etc., ensuring that they never end up as pink wojaks.
If you want to help a poor fag out:16oFVnYfRbAGwp1XW337Q96wf6L1ixWCsX
hey cunt give me some money if you're not larping
What do you mean "where did I get my info"?
I knew BCH existed prior to it forking initially.
I also obviously knew it existed at the time the Segwit2x HF failed.
Yeah, I threw in 100 BTC into BCH despite the fact that it had dropped a good bit- it was obviously THE option for scaling Bitcoin.
I didn't need a goddamn golden invitation.
The 2x HF failure honestly made me pretty sad.If you're investing because the price has gone up/head and shoulders/double bottom bullshit you're playing stupid games.
How did you go about signing up in Oz?
Who did you use and how easy was it?
It's called espers.
Only 1 sat on yobit
You sound like you've done your shit research.
Do you have any suggested reading and course of actions.You say you've done very little besides buy BTC and smell the sweet scent of BCC, but there's obviously a lot of understanding behind why all of this was going to play out in big picture.
I'd love to know more about how you got to your outlook, mindset w/e you want to call it.
Not at all do I think Bitcoin cash is a pump and dump.
I wouldn't bet $5MM on it if I thought it was.
I put money down based on fundamentals.
And that's a bet that the flippening occurs, or at least BCH gains very significant traction.
I'm not 100% on it, hence my continuing to hold BTC.
But it's a very real possibility and I feel somewhat insured by the fact I have far more on the Cash chain than the legacy chain.
don't really plan on cashing out in any significant respect.thats a mistake.
Of course you're going to believe you aren't going to become the worlds biggest bagholder, none of them do
I am feeding 15 raccoons plz help1FbcGna5E8boDq1gGmg3TAjvi5fDQcWsK
lmao
blow "thousands" on something that you already know can pay for itself in a 3-6 months of mining when you're not using itwhat % abbo are you?
GcTwXW2wB1khDpcApBma4Mx3xjphNg39cAnother student with nothing, if you feel generous, I would totally thankyou.On the other hand, wow, congratulations.
Who would think that bitcoin cash would go so up in just a friking day
MhLo58GDabRhDTQ58huf41SxaqxnS6ieUFeeling like doing Gods work, to help a poor soul?
?Thx bro
actually rich crypto holder>no shitcoins in sighthmm...really makes ya fink...
yep it's too late for you
Suggested reading?
I mean, a fuck ton of posters here have no idea about the basics of how the bitcoin blockchain works, how difficulty adjusts, private keys, the nature of a hash function.
the stochastic nature of mining (aka variance occurs).
That makes them poorly equipped to understand developments.Holy shit, read the white paper.
Really, actually read it.
Yeah, blockstream shills number 1 line is "oh it's not perfect, omg it doesn't talk about nodes being not miners".
Yeah, fuck them.
That's like reading the US Constitution and throwing it out because there's the 3/5ths clause.How I got my mindset?
I mean, I was absolutely fascinated when I discovered Bitcoin in 2011.
I'd say there was a radically different community then than now.I'll say I fucked around a bit and got out to fund my company.
Came back in a couple months before the silk road bust.
DRAMATICALLY different attitude.
Bitcoin was getting real, serious press.
And it just kept growing, with real companies like Overstock actually taking it as payment.
It really wasn't quite a question as to whether or not it'd gain traction so much as WHEN.
And we've seen that.
Growing acceptance, media attention, companies and exchanges cropping up to supply Bitcoin to investors and individuals, etc etc.I don't really consider the current price of anything as a reason to sell.
When you look at the market caps of, say, gold, you realize we have a good long while to go to reach that.
And I think we will reach it eventually.
The one thing that would make me pull my money is there being a sense that most people are getting "all in".
Like Walmart clerks telling you they sold their car for Bitcoin.
That sort of bullshit.
I hear that, I'm out.
But right now we're no where near that.
I think A coin (BCH or BTC) will reach well over $100k/coin before that happens.
actually rich crypto holder>doesn't need to larp blockfolio threadshmm...really makes ya fink...
I could be wrong but I'm willing to risk millions I'm right.
It's a simple zero to one bet- does Bitcoin become a mainstream investment currency?
I'm betting one one.
If that happens there's no need to cash out in any formal respect.
Yeah no shit.Like you can play little games with shitcoins and maybe turn a profit.
But that's like playing with fire- poof it goes out.
Or you get burned.
But basically every shitcoin has met with the same fate so unless you're able to point to why a shitcoin is FUNDAMENTALLY different than everything else, forget about it.
1Hii8ztMiM3eLeSyWSse4SU73t6wNCAqrsPlease help.
I need to feed 5 pigs.
Too late to go in on BCH op?
Worth buying the dip on BTC or too risky?
Only question is: Do you believe in a flippening?
Please master, teach me your ways.I started in may with $40k and have turned that into $800k with shit coins like DGB, XRP, and ETH, and RDD.
Yes I'm not proud but I had to do what I could to grow.What should I do now?
I have 800k invested across the following- Metaverse, Neo, BTC, BCC, EBST, OMG, AE, ETHwill I ever become like dan bilzerian?
great now buy ELLA if you want to reach $20mhttps://stocks.exchange/trade/ELLA/BTC
inb4 the story of>how I discovered dgb
larp
Stop investing in shitcoins.Realize the plight of every shitcoin in the past.
No I don't buy shitcoins.
posting an editable app to larp on a shitty image board
Yea I suppose now that someone actually told me to do it I should feel fairly foolish for not having read the white paper.
I mean I even had bitcoins in 2011.
I didn't realize what I had, hundreds, and the wallet is forever lost, but it doesn't haunt me, how could I know?I eventually came to your viewpoint, but with no confidence that I understand the world or crypto well enough to feel so sure about it.
I suppose I do have a stronger case for believing that it's the real deal.
Your Walmart clerk scenario really cements the idea for me.I'm only a few years out from my PhD, I hope I can make time to genuinely study the blockchain, but I'm a math PhD student so I could take a little detour into probability, stochastic processes, algorithms, and elliptic curves.
It'll just be kind of a drag because that's far from my research area.
bawww a poorfag.Cognitive Dissonance Step 1:Pretend rich people don't exist on 4chan.
how do you secure your cryptos?
do you use a hardware wallet?
which one?
I don't want to claim there's some extraordinarily deep mathematical understanding you need to grasp the Bitcoin blockchain, at least at the level you invest at.I took a free coursera course on cryptography and read a textbook on Bitcoin and that drove across the principles very well.
I have a pretty intuitive grasp of statistics, but it's nothing outlandish.
If you had one or two million in BTC, I could see you taking the time to come here and show off, but with 10 million + shouldn't you be snorting coke off a hookers ass on your yacht right now?
Can we see the address where you keep your bitcoin or bitcoin cash?
So right now, especially with all the BCH trading I have a lot of capital on poloniex.I have a ledger but I don't really use it.Long term I have electron/electrum wallets with the seeds backed up on cryptosteels.
I used Shamir's secret sharing algorithm to distribute passwords to a number of trusted colleagues should I be kidnapped or die.
This sounds really dumb i'm sure, but I don't really want to fuck a hooker.
I kind of want a real emotional connection.
There are a few choice examples on instagram I'd fuck, just for the thrill of it, but otherwise I really am looking for something long term.Also $10MM doesn't really buy much of a yacht.
And I'm a great subscriber to the notion "if it floats, flies or fucks, probably better to rent"
Three cheers for Bitcoin cash bumping me up the last bit.Congrats, John!
Great work!!!
It's not really stored in one address.
I use joinmarket to get a little extra off my funds and that's spread things across a lot of addresses.
Just the mentality of a mathematician I suppose, learn the deepest aspects of a subject possible.
Do you have anything to say about Bitcoin gold?
Ok ok....
I guess you do sound sincere.
May i ask what your thoughts are on IOTA and the Tangle?
Did you get the three FFFs from that Lebanese antifragile guy?
I'm not John... but I'm glad I'm not thought to be who I am.
I am legitimately happy for you, man.
Great job.
I hope you will have people in your life that you don't need to hide anything from.
Don't give these fucking beggars a satoshi.
I made this mistake.To all grinders: If you ever make it remotely big, keep your fucking mouth shut.
Nobody can know!
Especially girlfriends and work colleagues.
If you have to tell them what you made with crypto, always divide by 10 (reverse internet bragging rule).People in the real world actually have to work for their money.
And nothing turns a leftist socialist SJW waifu into a money hungry golddigger when she learns you are actually rich.
People wont be glad for you, they be glad they know you.Though probably LARP, I praise the OP for proper OPSEC.
Keep your fucking mouth shut!
I feel exactly the same way anon, I was going to convert btc to bch for the same reason but really didn't think this was going to happen so fast.
Congrats on being quick enough
Bitcoin gold is a shitcoin that has tried to capitalize on the "Oh ho if we fork from BITCOIN then everyone has us and must value us, right guz?
"As soon as I figure out how to cash out I'm dumping that shit 100%.
Very cool success story OP.
I never thought I'd be talking to multimillionaires and not even be jealous or intimidated.
Biz gives a whole new perspective and hope.
All my goals in crypto is a modest home paid in cash.
Can't imagine 10 mil but I'm sure it just raises the bar.
Once you get a taste of true luxury you want it as a lifestyle.
Totally understandable but my life of luxury would be 5 acres rural with no one to bother me but my wife and 8 future kids.
Congrats!
If your feeling generous send some my way I'm just starting.1FgdURkJAWwASayoqSPS775F2iX22u2BhV
I mean the raccoon feeding was kinda funny.
But I wouldn't give anyone money.
YOU GODDAMN COMMIES
I mean there's still time.
I'll probably continue converting.
It's still a 3:1 flip.
k
Yep
I mean I've talked to billionaires (Thiel).
Was intimidated.
Damn dude you're rich.
Why don't you pay OP to blow you?
It's only 1.73 trillion USD.Not much really.
OP here.
Drunk from champagne, but will not blow anyone for money.Attractive ladies may apply for a consulting session with mah penis.
Yea.
Of course you're not lying OP.
Must be legit, surely you can't simply plugin such numbers into Blockfolio?
What if we dress up as an attractive lady?
How much will you give us?
CHEERS OP!
IOTA or one of the quantum-resistant coins because BTC is going full retard and won't implement quantum resistance until its already compromised.
I can't believe there are actually human beings who believe OP.
You actually deserve to be poor and always will stay poor you naive idiots.
Have lots of aryan babies or else you are a useless fuck
Larp
suit yourself
Show history chart
As soon as I figure out how to cash out I'm dumping that shit 100%.Same, since my money was on Polo at the time of the snapshot.
But the BTG mainnet goes live in around 12 hours, so it's probably sooner than later that distribution happens.
You don't think there's any value in a mining-decentralized Equihash version of BTC?
Want to create a VC fund together?
if this is not larp you have lost 400k since this screenshot
For shits and giggles if OP is telling the truth.
I could use it, badly.
1Hgj8rtmm34mehgUc26EnhQeoQpjnDkWnx