Fomoooo
/biz/ told me that BTC was dead last weekend.
There was zero chance that bitcoin cash could possibly dump and the flip was imminent.
What's going on??!??!??
I'm not going to lose all my money, right?
Right?
Anon.
How long have you been here now?
You still don't know to do the opposite of what says to gain endless riches?
Waiting for the top, going to dump mine for BCH

btc is king coin you dumb idiots
I made 50% of my portfolio from bitcoin cash I'm just annoyed that Everything dumps when btc does this
there's always money in blowjobs
Look at all those fools buying it.
They will lose so fucking much with the flippening.
Lmao if no larp, that was the most obvious shit ever
/biz/ also told you to buy high and sell low
Agreed, however I will not let my portfolio take any more hits from btc, gonna join the dark side until just before I think it will dump
Chad Simpson
Everybody is, anon.
Everybody is.
I genuinely hate BCH and would never buy it, but BTC is also getting on my fucking nerves, because I always have to be wary of when BTC pumps again and does wild swings in order to sell my alts before that to avoid humongous costs of opportunity.
Others just hold, but I don't wanna wait another 4 weeks doing nothing.I kinda expect some 7500$ish rally.
4375761Fuck you guys!
This is serious.
Do I need to sell all of my Bitcoin Cash now?
Even the Grand Pedo was congratulating Bitcoin Cash for conquering Bitcoin.
It seemed like the most sure thing of my life.
It feels like crypto is just a giant joke that everyone is in on but me.
If I do the opposite of what /biz/ says, then it'll be the one time /biz/ is right.
First DGB.
Then Chainlink.
Now this?
Why can't I ever just make money like the rest of you...
4375756LMAO
Why can't I ever just make money like the rest of you...Nobody's making money here.
The people here are pathological liars living out fantasies of wealth.
Also, sell your BCH because BTC isn't going anywhere...
Easy.
I sold half of my ETP stack for BTC, waiting BTC to rise enough and buy back.
Easiest money ever.Just fucking HOLD BTC.
Everybody says that, except few faggots who are paid shills by the BCH fags.
Didnt the fact that BCH group is by convicted criminals warn you enough?
Already dumped my BTC for BCC
Placed a buy order on BCH at 0.175, executed, placed another sell order at 0.187.
Thoughts?
Why can't I ever just make money like the rest of you...Because you don't just comfyhold some BTC but instead do trading with shitcoins.Also this
hodling.
fuck it.
4375852Literally this.
Just do your own fucking research and distinguish between idiotic biztard shilling "MOON NOW" and solid arguments why it would actually moon.
Objectively there is no legitimate reason why BTC would suddenly die other than generic FUD for the 389474923th time in BTC history.
They will always tell you "this time it is different!".
BCH is an altcoin that is used to strip others of their BTC.If you feel like gambling, ride the waves and profit, there was good opportunity with BCH these days but know when to bow to the true king that will always win.
Every moron telling you otherwise is lying to you.
Many may not like BTC, but these emotions shouldn't get in the way of making money from it and avoiding huge opportunity costs.
btc is a greaters fools game.
it dies because mainstream has covered bitcoin wildly now who ever buys now is the greatest fool and then its over.
better sell while you're in profit or all the months holding were for nothing.
BTC above 7000$>"BTC dies"Do you retards even listen do yourselves?