Salt is facing a SEC reculations because it is abusing SBLOC terms.
Also notice the little prints on whitepaper "SALTMembership may have a value of zero.
SALTMemberships are functional utility smart contractswithin the SALT Lending Platform.
SALTMemberships are non-refundable.
SALTMemberships are not for speculative investment.
Nopromises of future performance or value are or willbe made with respect to SALT Memberships,including no promise of inherent value, no promiseof continuing payments, and no guarantee that SALTMemberships will hold any particular value. "
and U.S goverment is taking a class actions againts it because unfair token sale details.This is unknown information but soon the price takes a drop.
I have been watching this token for while and noticed clever money wants out This is such a ponzi and has too big marketcap at this level of development.This is only topic i make about this, and remember:You have been warned!
source?
Source for what?
This is all public knowledge and you just need some research skills for confirmations.
Just dump, it is not too late yet.
Source for>Salt is facing a SEC reculations because it is abusing SBLOC terms.Was there something filed?
Where can I read up on that?
take your losses brother.
it's your only chance to dump right now...
Lol best creative fud yet, none of this is true and SALT has obeyed every SEC regulation to the letter, you can't even mention anything in the slack that would put SALT on the wrong side of the SEC.
They are dotting every i and crossing every t.
KYS, nice bullshit FUD was no sources, and the oldie "haha, do your own research!"
and all at the same time as another SALT fud thread.
holy crap you are full of shit, lol
Cool source bro
Sources can be founded from internet.
Im not selling you my salt fuck off
Prove it.
I found nothing.
If there was any chance that this would not be complaint with the SEC Bittrex would not have listed it.
this.
Bittrex have been super careful of late.
It's why so few coins have been added.
They HAVE to pass SEC first.
I have already posted this here.
javascript:quote('4309240');Whoever wrote this is an idiot.
The loans are bundled, and managed by a SEC registered investment company.
The bundled loan products are only offered to accredited investors.Individual loans can be purchased after origination as an investment product by institutional investors and broker dealers.
Lol, you are from salt or why you are so salty?
I am not from salt, but I actually investments and they are SEC compliant.
I GUARANTEE that SALT MIGHT headline in the upcoming Palm Beach Confidential Article.
This is already priced in
oh thank heavens
Teeka said before he was interested in banking services on blockchain and products that solved real life problems, it is obvious his call is going to be salt.
Do tell how you can "GUARANTEE" something that "MIGHT" happen.
you are just trying to push price up.
i know whale's trick and you are one.
you are afraid of that now people know that salt is scam and nobody buys anymore.
you also say me by private message that "delete that" but i wont.
no he didn't
I am not a whale.
I have never private messaged anyone.
pure is scam is salt.
sell now right now or lose it all.
Learn to speak English if you are going to post negatively about a company the United States.You know nothing about regulatory compliance in a country you don't even live in.
This is literally the most blatant pajeet FUD I have ever seen.
"Sniff sniff"NoIt cantIt can't b- FUCKING PAJEET!