Something FUN will be announced today or tomorrow.
Price is already reacting.
Expect a new ATH.
FUN FUN FUN FUN
nice try Mr. Beak
FUN is the new PBC coin.
Totally under the radar.
On the new funfair platform the casino will operate using solar panels.
Users will be able to trade energy and pay their electricity bill with fun tokens and you can gamble your energy with your neighbours at the casino.
Should've bought ppl you missed the signs.
Watch the order book on trex and you might see the signs.Haven't you noticed all the large buyers moving in to FUN recently?
e.g.
Novogratz
Expect huge gains in the coming months, especially after the q1
That too, but I'm talking much shorter term than that.
order booklol, you know that doesnt mean shit, right?
Sure, the order book can be manipulated but the trading history can not.
Try and read the order book at the beginning/middle of a FOMO event - you'll see people placing buys below market price, gradually moving them up, and finally capitulating and buying at market price.
It's all there if you take a few minutes to look for it, and don't just dismiss the order book entirely.
> 24kwill i?
Is this a fucking joke coin?
Why the fuck is this even a thing holy fuck i cant even
Only coin to have an actual team of people who have worked in online gambling.
It's almost like it has a purpose unlike 99 percent of all other shit coins out there.
Is this a fucking joke coin?
Why the fuck is this even a thing holy fuck i cant evenYou can't understand why a trustless gaming platform with its own state channels implementation should be a thing?
Maybe crypto isn't for you.
4376967This coin does nothing that is necessary?
A fucking gaming platform?
What the actual fuck.
I cant.
buy link
Yeah I did, and guys how many thousands of dollars of bags I am holding.
I learned my lesson the first time.
Sure I will hold it but fun is more like to move sooner than Link will.
It is scientific proof that anyone who owns FUN is a turbo-chad
Fun times ahead.
Solid team.Solid product.Recently hired a big fish from the gaming industry.Online gambling grows larger every year.Integration with traditional online casinos + new crypto marketBeta launch in a month or so.Sources?
Fuck you.
Google it.Everyone wants to have FUNAlso: my filename.
01Fun confirmed dead
check again pal
 binary = 1 in decimalBecause FUN is numero uno.YOU GOT REKT.