Top ten here we come
Take off that stupid base and remove some of the jagged lines in favor of simpler shapes in the middle and you have a decent logo.
also that sticker outline is retarded
Oh shit Lisk posts have made it to /biz/ I guess it's going to dump now.
I fucking hate Lisk.
You'd think if JavaScript was the right language to write contracts in, ETH would have just fucking used that?>implying it's hard for programmers to learn new languages>implying webassembly is not going to eclipse JavaScript>implying LISK has any chance of catching ETHThe money Skelly could declare himself a commie and madsterbate on a child at this point.
ETH already won.
It's over.
LISK is third rate hedge that's going nowhere.
"JavaScript" is the only thing they respond to.
Listen, when Lisk hits $20 I'll fly you out so I can give you a long tender hug.
Will that make you feel better?
70% of the coins in LISK belong to the top 100 walletsSo it's a huge scam coin basically
Sure sure boss.
Rebrand imminent.
How does that compare to other coins?
Do you even know?
I doubt it.
Cryptos are such a dirty little minefield of surprises.
They're ANNOUNCING when the rebrand will take place on the 22nd, you fucking shill
argumentum ad hominem
Looks like a dick full of veins
You realize exchanges are big wallets right?
I won't argue with your expertise
lllmmmmmfffaaaaooooo
I doubt Lisk is any more or less concentrated than any other top tier crypto.
Man, this is a salty thread.
Anyway, I like Lisk.
Great, big team.
Serious about the product (which is good btw).
I am a happy holder.
Source?
how much you holding?
Logo looks like a tombstone R.I.P.
Fucking sold a bag at 99k sats Feel like an idiotShould i try to wait for it to dip below 100k again to buy back?
I bought in the 50s and sold in the 60s lol.To be fair, I thought hard fork was on, and shit would continue to bleed.
lol same
Wait in september I remember people telling me the rebrand was imminent
Had 2000 lisk at $0.40 why did I sell!
great team
that is like 3 BTC right now