who /comfy/ waiting for 200k unconfirmed transactions here?
me
Fuck yeah im 100% Alts, the popcorn is ready.
4320596What do unconfirmed transactions mean?
So this is BTC?Been out of the loop for a bit.I notice BTC coming down?
What's the scoop, kiddies.
this
You realize all those people are waiting to dump their coins right?
The block chain is a list of blocks that are published to the network.
Once a transaction is included in a block that is published, it is confirmed.
If it's a couple of blocks deep, it's confirmed multiple times.
These are transactions that have been requested, but have not been included in the blockchain yet, so the money has not 'gone through'.
It means that btc is slow and dead
BTC has been going down for the last 30 mins.
Time to move out pajeets, you have been warned
You guys are aware the japanese farms are going online soon, and the events of today are a desperation move by the chinks since they're about to have their mining monopoly on BTC broken, right ?You're also aware the nips are balls deep into BTC and once their mining operation starts, it'll stays on BTC, right ?
Can you please elaborate about this?Thanks.
7nm Chipswhat the fuck since when?
All in BCHFUCK MY SHIT UP SENPAI
it means the ghost of satoshi will come back to bitcoin
Thanks, but I do know that much.
I mean what are the implications of all of these backed up transactions?
Is btc kill?
Is this poorfag going to pick up btc for cheap ($200) after it goes down a bit before readjusting and make a hefty gain when it picks back up?
lmao  they will follow the market as they are very economically intelligent and a new bubble era is on the horizon.
btc and bch are the commodore 64 of fucking crypto this is all just a beginning saga
I don't know the implications.
To me, it looks like there are a bunch of juicy, high-fee requests out there waiting for miners, so I don't know why they don't pick them up.
Bitcoin is designed to filter out pajeets that can't afford transactions.
BCash is designed to centralize itself by allowing niggers using it.
>decide to try crypto again after losing 500 euro to the siacoin meme months ago>transfer 100 euro to btc>this was 2 hours ago
Lmao correct
https://news.bitcoin.com/japans-entertainment-giant-dmm-launching-bitcoin-mining-farm-and-pool/literally first result after googlinghave you ever used the internet before?
https://fork.lol/pow/retarget hours, 49 minutes
Thank you.Do you expect BTC to drop any further?It went at ~ 5.6 k and bounced back at 6.4 k after that.
You don't know which way it will go.
I would take that not to be a good sign.
I don't imagine the price would drop the longer it takes to correct whatever is going on.
Bwahahah
They will, in 4 3/4 hours.
4320758
4321124Speak to me like I am a retard: What did you mean by this?
>wanted to buy BTC for months>it was already to high>waiting for the burst>mfw it's finally here>mfw lots of money in 6 months.
BTC is fractal, past patterns indicate BTC need to go to 4500 before going to 12500.It should be bearish for at least the next weeks, maybe two, then bullish until mid-december.I don't have a crystal ball though, as they say "past performances are not an indicator of future performances".I honestly doubt we'll ever see sub4k though, sadly.
Some anon said that it will be 10k by January.
I never bought any coins before, but I might cash in on this.
That's my plan.Still pretty new in that matter though.
Any platform to recommend ?
It's a chart where the color blocks correlate with the price paid in Satoshis per byte.
High fee transactions on top, low fee transactions on bottom.
200k people trying to sell btc to buy bch kekthe best part is, once they flip it, they'll see how cheap it is to send their bch to a wallet,they'll be amazed
A solid percentage of those transactions are bags on their way to exchanges to unload.
BTC is swirling the bowl.
they'll be amazedThey’ll see why people were so excited about bitcoin in the first place, and sad that bitcoin doesn’t still do that.
Checked.