H&S completed, bye bye BCC.再见
This is going to be really funny in 2 hours when BCH is back at 1800
It's going to be funny when the asians dump it and you'll be cursing yourself for not selling.
Screenshotting this
not even a bccuck but minute chartAnon, I...
asians dump itYou are going to be so very astonished by how wrong your understanding of the world is, kid.
You forget that the normies flooding BTC are its strength.
They don't care about this autistic tech argument and are barely able to complete coinbase purchases.
doing TA on bittrex graph.if you don't know: there are websites like tradingview and coignigy that have 100x better graphing features.>the more you know.
barely able to complete coinbase purchaseshttps://www.reddit.com/r/CoinBase/Exactly, which is why bch will win.
I bought at 1400 like two hours ago.
Should I sell or wait?
Ty
Not realizing Litecoin does the same thing as BCC and has been around longerDeluded.
Agreed, 15 is the lowest you go.
Hell at least it's better than all the 'MOONING' 1 minute charts though
Redditors>>NormiesLol, Okay.
wait, we're going to the moon tonight courtesy of worst korea
Arkies > BCHies
4332514You can see the head and shoulds in the 5 minutes times chart too.I know, I know, but I was just drawin a couple of meme lines while looking at some charts here and there, but thanks.
Head & Shoulders is a pattern for larger timeframes than 5 min candles
Gr8b8m8
no.
whatever time frame you're on is what time frame you should expect to see a drop.
baby time frame = baby price target.
HANG ON BitCHes!!
Holy shit none of those threads were positive and lots asking about BCH.
It literally doesn't.
Litecoin is another Segwit coin
Thanks me later.
Pretty much the same 5 minutes or 15 minutes
i was going to go to bed, but i think i'll stay up to watch the bcashtards get rekt.
please shower me with your pink wojacks
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Fuckin nice dude
I'm a little confused.
BCH is dipping, btc going back up, yet there are so many unconfirmed transactions for btc so like what?
don't get me wrong i think that if btc dies to bch it's all ogre for crypto to the normies but... how does btc solve this problem?
just wait it out?
implying the current value of BCH is due to superior tech and not hype
posted 3 hours ago.
AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH*Breaths inHAHAHHAHAHAHAAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHHAHA>He fell for the chink scam>He FOMO'd>His neetbux went directly to chinks
Go back to /pol/ you dirty KKKore cucks
topkike lel
You should sell everything you've got in crypto.Spend a couple of months paper trading, learn everything you can about technical and fundamental analysis, and when you think you can accurately predict market movements, short and longterm you get back in the game.Do that and you might have a chance, otherwise you're gonna get justed.
Trust me.
Last night 170k unconfirmed tx.by now 122K btc recoverying miners decided that btc is the true chain.https://fork.lol/https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
Oh sweetie
lol
only because reward got better with core.
miners will return when difficulty adjustment algoritm kicks in.
BHSL.
When bcash returns to 2000?
tomorrow
ScreenCap : At 5PM.
H&S on a 5 min charts
heavy bcash bags here praises