I know you fags recognize the LINK and Swift logos but do you realize that the third logo in the swift.smartcontract.com is Hyperledger?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt5VRZ5YjeMIsnt SWIFT GPI using hyperledger and people were fudding whether LINK would be part of that project?
KEK I think we can see by now how LINK fits in SWIFT using Hyperledger.
How?Brainlet here
This is the hyperledger logo for reference
I think it's just a generic icon that will be used to represent any blockchain
this.
logo is not the same
including hyperledger
4324619But why the fuck does it look so similar?
Also isnt it confirmed that SWIFT is working with Hyperledger?
How come you guys think its so farfetched given that Swift's logo is in there already.https://cointelegraph.com/news/swift-hyperledger-backed-blockchain-project-nets-22-more-banks
What does it all meannnnn
Why do the Paypal and Pandora logos look so similar???
Hurr durr
There was also a hyperledger address visible in the source code.
This isnit boys.
Get in our miss out forever
I am making a JSON Parser like LinkEmail me at JSONParser@protonmail.com if you want early details
Are you fucking stupid?
If LINK didnt have a Swift connection then sure you cant speculate that this is Swift's version of Hyperledger.
But there is literally a Swift logo with ChainLink in the UI and it has been confirmed that Swift is using Hyperledger for its projects you fucking dunce.https://cointelegraph.com/news/swift-hyperledger-backed-blockchain-project-nets-22-more-banksAlso, this 
If it's been confirmed, then why don't they just use the ACTUAL logo?
The absolute state of you.
What is the logo?
They havent announced the logo yet you fucktard.
The Hyperledger logo that you posted above?
No.
Swift is working on a blockchain based on hyperledger you fucking dunce.
I posted how similar the logo in the UI is to the Hyperledger logo so its likely to be the Hyperledger based blockchain SWIFT is confirmed to be using.
WE'RE ALL GONNA BE RICHHHH
this.
it feels surreal
I DONT HAVE LINK AAAAAA
Fine, you got me.