What the fuck is bitcoin diamond and why is nobody talking about it????
Gotta catch them all
I'm waiting for Bitcoin SoulSilver
some scam but free coins
Is everything selling off right now because of this fork?
Is btc going to tank the second the block hits?
Will alts skyrocket?
I lost a ton trying to get some free bch last time I don't want it to happen again.
SOMEONE SAY SOMETHING REASONABLE.
mate I got caught in the crossfire but im going to give you advice on this, as soon as the block height reaches 495865 go balls deep into bch or any fucking alt (preferrably low mcap and top 100) you want its gonna pump hard, you wont get bitcoin diamond because the snapshot is at 495866 but you will get free gains.poorfag here so anything is appreciatedBCH165dekKVhbiRqK33J11npvZpKXsrePZwk5also make sure to dump BCH , set a target and get out with your gains, that shit is going nowhere.
bitcoin diamondI thought the next one was silver in december?
wait, what?
explain why its going to pump
you can check the block height in https://blockchair.com/bitcoin/blocksor blockchain.info
Bitcoin diamond is the future.
It will replace all coins
the pump is for the forkonce people have their free coins they'll dump

The speed of generating blocks will be increased five times People understand this means over 100 million coins right?
Which means 5x less price.
http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/11/23/birth-new-bitcoin-fork-bitcoin-diamond-bcd-launched-extensive-research-development/>According to the team member, Bitcoin Diamond has various benefits, such as better privacy protection, encryption of the amount and balance which protects customers’ privacy aBitcoin Diamond has raised the block size as part of a massive on-chain scaling approach.
There is ample capacity for everyone’s transactions.
The speed of generating blocks will be increased five times and the ultimate goal is to improve transaction confirmation speed for the entire BTC blockchain and faster transaction confirmations.>it will reduce the transaction fees and the cost of participation.
“The total amount of Bitcoin Diamond is ten times as much of Bitcoin which will reduce the cost of the new participation and lower the thresholds”
what  saideven if its a worthless scam people can dump it as soon as they get it.
Alts are going to pump hard because everybody will want to get them cheaper except those who sold at the bottom lol
That's actually the point, the idea is to use it as a currency, not a "Store of Value".
2 weeks later>BITCOIN PLANEEETUM
COMPED
More free money.
Shit forks are like dividends now
Then it has to compete directly with the other countless alts that perform the exact same function.
I keep hearing about monero being all about privacy.Anyone here know any specific benefits of monero over this?
https://www.exx.com/trade/bcd_btcHere's the futures price on their advertised exchange.
what i've read this is about the biggest pro of monero.
making it suitable for darkweb

BITCOIN SUSHI?
Blocktime of 10mins?
I guess they are still working on decreasing block generation time.
which alts should I go into?All the main ones are close to sell walls
Yeah so monero has it beat as a currency in that regard.
Monero also has far less inflation.
2 blocks till snapshot
ming algorithmyes much attention to detail
BDiamond is the real bitcoin!
Because people are tired of forks already.If you have a cool idea for some features a crypto should have, make an altcoin and work on that.
Forking bitcoin just to get the name is scammer-tier.
sorry mate Im kind of late, you should have gotten into NEO BCH POWR XMR BTG ADX even doge still looks good but may take a while.BCH pumped earlier which gave a window of time to dump it and get into other alts.
Holy shit 20% FREE money?
You call that shit?
NEO>XMR>BCHgot into these.XMR barely did anything or I got into it too lateNEO was the best.
instant pump at 866
Forking bitcoin is the smartest way to make a shitcoin right now.
4535924cheers fellas