OMG is the one and true king.
OMG is clearly over REQ and still it is overvalued af
Req moon mission will happen because of YC's extreme aggression.
what did he mean by this?
YC will announce that they kicked REQ out.
Now REQ got nothing anymore.
No partnerships, because even ING doesn't like REQ - they are only interested in Moneytis and that's the meetings (that's why they don't leak Infos) No MVP, No Proof of concept.
>Great shitcoin
aggression I'm familiar with YC tactics, but they will abandon their "sponsorship" at the first sign of weakness.
Back below ICO, lmao.
You're familiar with YC tactics ?
HAHAHAHAGuys there is an insider here !!
Your father is REQ creator ?Please dude
43054624305498
4305498>Your father is REQ creator ?lol no.I used to live in SF and be part of incubator programs back in 2011-2013, I had friends that went through YC for their own company.
They will save their name before risk their rep on a shitcoin that is stalling.
Let the pajeets shill this shit, they will never make it.
yes

.11.2017 REQ RIP
Worst fud I’ve ever read lmao

800 million dollar autism skateboard
yet it's still stronger than your """""agressive"""" vaporware incubator
req will crush omg in the end.
I'm familiar with YC tactics, but they will abandon their "sponsorship" at the first sign of weakness.Clearly you are not familiar with YC.
It is not a "sponsorship" - it is an investment.
They own a percentage of the company behind REQ.
They are not going to kick them out of anything.
If you aren't LARPing and actually had friends that went through YC ask them how supportive they are of companies in their network.
YC will help REQ hire the best developers and get meetings with the best potential partners.YC also encourages communication between its incubees.
i.e.
Request can get a meeting with AirBNB and Uber with zero effort.
dem hips
What's the use of the REQ token?
It does not entitle you to dividends right?
So why would it rise?
>even with this obvious pajeet FUD I'm still 15% up on REQ
There is no need for REQ tokens.
The payment network can be utilized without REQs too.
But how else would you get 40M USD right?
There is no need for REQ tokens.Read the white paper and educate yourself before spreading incorrect information.
Understand the tech and don't believe anybody who writes sth into a WP who wants to raise money
That ignorance in this day and time.
le token has no use!!
!I've literally seen this posted about every single token up to date...nobody gives a shit, hype and good news = moon, doesn't matter if the token gives you aids.
lol it's not that he doesn't know, he's just a retarded imbecile.
How else would he FUD a perfectly healthy project that's ahead of their roadmap right?
I love how easy it is to spot the large bagholders of RE'Q
Yeah thanks I guess.
Anyone who has a bit of a clue want to chime in?
How do I get on the OMG dividend payouts.
Do I use the OMG wallet?
plz hlp
As usual, when /biz/ FUD something it's time to buy.
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
>request40 mill for 4 frogs.
No thanks.
I'm currently holding ~75k REQ and making my way slowly to 100k.
Tell me I'm gonna make it senpai!
DELETE THIS,I SOLD MY STACK TO RIDE THE BCH WAVE, I BETTER BE ABLE TO BUY BACK IN A DECENT PRICE.
OMG and Ark will take us to the moon in 2018 niggas.
And how will generate hype?
Theyre not a 500m dollar chink company like omise
REQ has not yet proved itself but seems to be a strong candidate.
OMG moon will happen without question.
I'm strapped in nibba