Question for all my friends here on /biz/.Lets say I buy 1 BTC in 2014.And another in 2015.And another in 2016.I then decide to cash out $10K in 2017.How do I calculate my capital gains?
What is my cost basis?Thanks
I should clarify that in my hypothetical situation I would still have some BTC left over.
In the case that I cash out ALL of my BTC to USD my cost basis would be the total USD invested over the years.
However, if I only cash out part of my BTC holdings, I'm not sure which BTC I purchased to use as a cost basis.
You talk like a fag and your shits all retarded
First in, first out.The first 7200 is from 2014, the other 2800 is from 2015.
From what I've learned, crypto is taxed like property not capital gains.
So every buy/sell is a taxable event.But honestly, I have no idea.
15% - if you have held longer than a year and 2016 was your last purchase.
If you purchased anything in 2017, thats subject to your income tax as ST gains which can be from 40-50%
First in first out.
Say you took out 1.3 NYC.
Calculate all your bitcoin starting from the earliest until you end up at 1.3btc.
Subtract that cost from 10k, take 15% of that, you have your capital gains tax for the irs
If you hold for over a year it's taxed a preferential long term capital gain
what if he kept all three of them in separate wallets and decided to sell specifically the ones bought in 2016 and part of the one bought in 2015?
Legitimate question If i dont cash out in the united states, but instead travel to SEA and then cash out, is that fraud?
4379788Thanks that makes sense.Interesting question, anyone have any insight?
although at the end of the day it doesn't matter really long term, assuming you will eventually sell them all it's gonna even out,the problem is the stupid fucks at IRS don't even bother to give any proper guidelines, instead just tell you>gib us your money, we don't care how you're gonna calculate all your shit with our outdated rules, just gib us money good goy and spend the rest ASAP on jewish toys so you have to keep wageslaing
selling>paying taxesLmao fucking dumb assUse the btc to buy req/link and never fucking sell until you see a 200x moonAt that point read up on how to avoid taxes, whether it's setting up a fake llc, using local btc, or going to a shit hole country to cash out.
Fuck the kikes at the IRS
did you ever travel with lots of money in your pocket?
ever heard of civil forfeiture?
lmao what do you think