Daily reminder that on Nov 30 big bang theory will air an episode about bitcoin.
Say what you will about this "crash" bois, but the price will moon all December long.
Sauce: https://coincodex.com/article/1056/the-big-bang-theory-will-feature-a-bitcoin-themed-episode/
this is literally the final exit.
dont you know anything about how trading works you little retard?
whatever.
lose money, I dont care
History has proven otherwise you fag
BAZINGA!
This show is so fucking moronic.
So buy the rumor sell the news
/thread
My guess is the kikes in Hollywood are gonna do their best to bash it.I wouldn't think much of it.
This seems highly likely.
>Hello leonard>"hey sheldon">Leonard I just bought some LINK.
It will surely moon sooner or later !>"uhhhh really sheldon ?
">BINANCE
This will shill against bitcoin and will be about them losing money in a crash.Calling it now.
if they namedrop coinbase it will go supreme moon mode

God helb us all
Is this a start of a new moon countdown?
Should I go all in BTC while it is so low?
I still beat myself up for ignoring the S2X fork.
BINANCEkek'd
Who watches this show anymore?
Not us.
The normies.
There will be fresh meat on the menu.
I bet on losing private keys
So people who don't normally invest in things?
Especially if they are weird and esoteric by S&P 300 standards?
inb4 the episode is about how Sheldon is Satoshi Nakamoto but he lost the private keys to his million bitcoin
they won't go as in depth as private keys, but it'll definitely be a transparent shill against crypto
Memecoin killed by memeshow making memes out of nerds.
metadoubleproffit *slow claps* for our kosher friends.
Any publicity is good publicity.
They will try to shill against it and at the same time btc will see ath.
Screen cap and digits.
Already priced in, that day you sell the news

Any publicity is good publicitythat much is truepeople that already have crypto won't sell because of it, and some new investors will appear
And that’s totally FUD, people will lose trust in cryptos if they know how easy could be lose all their savings.
I’m quite sure that people that doesn’t save the code doesn’t even know that clearing the chance would result in losing EtherDelta account.Nice, Nov 30th we have the date of this year exit scam.
4324987no doubt, can't believe they're actually stupid enough to believe that airing even negative BTC attention on the fucking biggest TV show is a good idea.
Core cucks are gonna be suicidal when they mention Bitcoin Cash and faster transactions and lower fees
There are literally thousands of other crypto that have lower transaction time and fees.
I heard they talk about the Bitcoin Cash fork.
Bullish for BCH.
ok can i buy ur bags?
Jump the shark...big time~2000$ by year end
someone post that disabled guy who has a head shaped like an orange segment and photoshops himself into stills from the big bung theory
the normies have arrived, i'm cashing out.
i pity all the fools who entered the market too late, they literally wasted the biggest opportunity of their lifetime
normies arrived>cashing out>not realizing normies in crypto will create the biggest bubble in the history of economic marketsYou're a special kind of stupid, aren't you?
When normies look up BTC now they will see how it is crashing
This won't help Bitcoin at all.
It's written by boomers and Gen X that see it as a scam.It'll portray it as some ponzi scheme and hope to crash it, since big banks don't want people moving their money in.Those same big banks sure as fuck are probably paying the network to make this episode.They're panicking and this is their answer: to try to make people roll their eyes at anyone who mentions Bitcoin
BINANCE
not realizing that expectations > reality by many orders of magnitude and as soon as there will be a big correction all the normies will do what they always do when they're afraid, which is making the dumbest thing = panic selling.
the wall street chads already got fucked over by bch and CME will not issue any bitcoin futures contract anymore, now the normies will buy and then panic sell.
you have no idea what is going to come.
2017 has been the year of the crypto boom, 2018 will be the year of the crypto crash.
it's likely to happen even a bit before 2018, many people are gonna have a very very bad christmas.
enjoy my bags faggot, i've made enough money already
this bubble is popping at 200B
Citation needed
market is too tiny for this to happenremember.
these are currencys used worldwide.
the market cap is a joke right now
Or hopefully Pajeet buys pizza with BTC and it moons the next day and pizza boy comes back to visit them in new lambo.Or maybe they will buy LINK and all get JUSTed.
there are currencies used worldwidelmao what the fuck are you talking about you delusional brainlet?
tell me where you can groceries with bitbean or dogecoin, you retarded piece of shit.
you're a literal brainlet and you're goin to get your ass fucked over as soon as the bubble pops and you have no idea how much i'll enjoy watching your pink wojacks.
having earned a lot from crypto is good, but watching other people lose their money is even better
The story of how Pajeet bought LINK at 40 cents and got absolutely JUSTed
Jews are leveraging their position now.Chinks rebelled and as you have mentioned, fucked them over badly with futures bust.This episode will unleash the FUD.
Jewish comedies are great at ridiculing and mocking.
Sort of smashing cake in the face humour.I might be wrong, but cant imagine they will promote bitcoin and mock classical banking system.
fucking normalfags.
Now every pajeet is gonna now about crypto and it's gonna moon until next june again and I haven't accumulated even near to what I was planning to.
Next time keep your mouth shut
None of them are called have Bitcoin in their name

BINANCE