I'm an Pre-ICO participant in Chainlink and have steadily bought more of the token due to its promise.
I'll be taking 2million Chainlink off of Binance, and I encourage all other Chainlink whales to do the same.
Let's give it a few years, things will be much different then for us.
you won't have few years with bags that heavy
The vast majority of the top wallets have already moved into storage.
The trading quantity is a small percentage of the circulating supply.
Hey I see you liked my idea of getting the tokens out of exchanges to avoid falling for temptations :).Sergey won't let us down, he's balls dell into cpthis project, when he talked on devcon3 everyone wanted to see him and the tickets sold out in like ten minutes.Believe.
You guys are alright, dont go to hodl school tomorrow...I will shill you a nice discord group I just became part ofWe pump on bittrex, +10k members, active channels on trading/rumors and admins who find a good coin to pump and shill.
Last week I made 30% on Bitbean in several trades under 15 minutes and 20% on a Bitbean pump.Join us or stay pajeet faggots!https://discord.gg/K2TBDXq
Link holders will defend this...
I didn't buy in because i expected a chart that would only go up since day 1, nor is that possible.
So Yeah, i have no problem with that chart.
Holding a few 100K linkies.
Comfy AF.
Cya in a few years.
And do let me know what you're 'holding'
literally never went below ICO price even during the BTC bullrunyeah, I will defend it.
Pajeets who sold will be FOMO buying come march
JOOST
Confido...
Also, Confido only had a healty correction
That is an extremely healthy chart and a sign to accumulate before the next pump with proof of a floor so little risk in losing any shorterm profitsPic related is probably when you buy though right
I think most people that are salty just got in at the wrong time and listened to others instead of their own gut.
I ignored Link untill I saw it was around 17 cents and I saw that everyone was mass selling it because they couldn't take it anymore.
Well.. obvious signal to get in.
''Buy when there's blood on the streets'' or''Buy when 4chan panicks''Thanks 4chan wouldn't have noticed this coin without you!
fuck off
I hope you didn't spend all your allowance, anon
Yeah I fucking bet.
Lmao
Why is link a better investment than XRP
Is a 10 cent entry point too optimistic?
Looking to become a stinky linkie
Hehe, no worries.
Will be buying myself some more later on and then just forget about them.
This project can take a few years
I got in today, small buy.
Doubling down at 8c.
I think we'll see .14 at least and if we see 10 it'll go lower.