Do you fucking mouthbreathers even understand what is fucking happening?After not even fucking flinching on the monster parity fuckup not only did this absolute tank of a fucking coin have the audacity to increase in value during the Bitcoin bcash bitchslapping contest, the sweet genius Buterin then goes and decides that his previous mocking of the chink brainlet was not enough and literally flops out and admits to being a full blown CP enthusiast to the entire world, rockets the price even fucking higher, remains unv& and keeps the jew nibbling at his nuts.While you absolute faggots are busy trying to win back your latest loss in another shitcoin slot machine ETH is muscling the fuck up.
You pray for your nigger devs to get literate and give you a drip of news on that new logo they've been promising while money skullfuck is flexing on the entire industry.
Literally unstoppable is a fucking understatement, you being literally retarded is a fucking understatement, 32 billion is a fucking understatement.
This son of a bitch is going places and a call from forty bogdanovs couldn't stop it.
Do not fucking miss, you have been warned, KYS you fucking pink wojaks.
We Are THE ETH MARINESAND THE PARTY IS STILL YOUNG!!!
Yeah you're not the only one to notice anon
It is quite obvious that ETH will not tank because of a fucking wallet messing up, especially not when total supply decreases.
BTC will also not tank when suddenly 50k BTC disappear forever.
Also nobody cares about Vitaliks politicial and private views when it is just about the underlying technology that the price revolves around.
Just get it that the market doesn't respond the way you degenerate ADHD millennial faggots want it to just because you start hyperventilating over some unrelated nonsense.
You're shitty investors if you thought otherwise and sold your ETH.>muh CEO crashes the price with his behaviourWELL CLEARLY HE DOES NOT YOU FUCKING DIMWITS AND NEVER WILL, NOT EVEN WHEN HE GETS AIDS AND DOES DRUGS WITH HORDES OF NIGGER TRANNIES UNTIL HE DIES.
Exactly
Yes.
The Parity is still young.