Realistically speaking, when can we see ChainLink move, if the developers actually deliver and give positive news?
6 months + or even a year of bag holding and accumolating at 20cents?Why are they delaying updates so much, I understand development takes time and energy, but what do you think is actually going on?Compared with Ripple, the twitter is updated everyday, bigger team, put out a working product, AMEX partnership.
Even though the price is still 30c, because the technology itself isn't using tokens, what can we say about LINK compared to that?I know you cry about it not mooning etc, but seriously, this is a year hold or even more, isn't it?
And the developers make it seem even worse by not updating anything.I guess I'll buy 8k-10k of them and just close my eyes for a year and hope for the best.
What's your take on this and why?
It could take 2 years from now or 6 months12k bagholder here Not enough news but id rather get in now and not miss the boat
This will fucking moon out of this galaxy once inevitable news on SWIFT partnership and main net get officially released.
Yes I agree, but IF and ONCE they actually do it.
However, this isn't happening yet unfortunatelly and the lack of updates is absolutely worrying.
Another question I have is, how many other ICOs (99% of them are shit anyway) don't update their projects and let them fail?Is this normal what is happening with LINK?
Or does it seem everything will go to hell, if the developers just give up on this?What happens if there won't be update for next 2-3 months?
How would there be any hope left, that they are actually working on it?
4428387the devs stated clearly they focus on the project and not hypeThey have ZERO interest in hyping that stuff.
It's not targeted at average Joe like you anyway.The big boys, companies, institutions already know.The team has ZERO interest in the token going up in price now anyway.
The token is for users, the fact that you can buy it as an investment is just an opportunity.The devs have 32m$ from ico, they can wait months/years for the token to go to andromeda.
Main net release was set for Q2 2018 but Rory has said things are going well and is likely to happen earlier.They have no solid dates but once the release is closer we will get more information.
Before that I wouldn't expect anything.
So sometime around February and March.
I know it's 'just an opportunity', but before it happens and given the situation, it doesn't seem anywhere close to next few months.As I've said, they could of at least give us an update on what they are doing and not just dissapear after CIBOS.It's a weird feeling and competition is big, with even bigger, perhaps better teams.
Thanks, I've been thinking April/May might be the date when things actually start moving upwards and in the right direction.
I know it's 'just an opportunity', but before it happens and given the situation, it doesn't seem anywhere close to next few months.you're free to wait and hopefully time the market then>As I've said, they could of at least give us an update on what they are doing and not just dissapear after CIBOS.They're hiring new people, reimplementing the software as we speak, also they didn't "disappear", but I'm sure you didn't take 20min out of your life to watch Sergey's Devcon presentation>It's a weird feeling and competition is big, with even bigger, perhaps better teams.Lol, what competition?
are you the faggot from that youtube video again?
please tell me it's not actually you.Seriously I hope you don't buy LINKNow it's perfect the way it is, only the strongest hands remaining in the game, who did their resarch and know they are sitting on a gold mine.If you are not willing to put in any effort into research don't even bother buying because you'll panic sell at the very first red candle or get weakhanded at $1.
We don't need that