These are the facts as I know them.
>Last BCH spike was a three day run.
>Happened on a banking Holiday.
>Was designed to create a panic by locking the transactions of BTC.
>A lot of asian minors have continued mining BTC even though BCH has become more profitable.
- I hypothesize that this is for the purpose of pushing its difficulty as high as possible.
They hate BTC and are proponents of BCH.
>This spike began almost exactly three days before the difficulty adjustment.
>They are not yet spamming transaction on the BTC blockchain.
However I believe they are saving this resource for when the difficulty adjustment occurs.
>I hypothesize that they will push BCH to an ATH to coincide with the BTC difficulty adjustment.
As well they will spam transactions, at hopes of creating panic.
If BTC prices go low enough, any remaining miners will be forced to start mining BCH.
Resulting in the BTC chain locking due low hash power.
Well see a block every 10 days or so.
This would be the prophesied "flippening".
There is not a lot that can be offered yet in the way of confirmation.
From the TA perspective we are seeing a similar chart growth pattern.
It could still just be organic.
As well this image was leaked.
Perhaps intentionally.Supposedly in the background of the debate, a whiteboard was visible with this plan.
11/8 - Cancel segwit 2x 11/13 - BCH DAA HF 11/16 - Fork(Fake??)
"Segwitt 2x" 11/24 - Slush joins BCH 11/25 - Operation dragonslayer ????
- Segwit compatible ASIC boost BTC = BCH
Make a post on 4chan that ill likely make anyone that reads it wealthy.
No one replies, it goes by largely ignored.I guess at least ill be able to talk shit after.
kek
No one is replying because it's nonsense.
The flippening won't happen.
It's a meme.
/thread

Because you're considering BCH in terms of fiat while talking about a flippening where having 1:1 parity with BTC is all that matters you retard
We will be feasting on dragon meat tomorrow!
tomorrow, we will be supposedly seeing slush redirect its mining pool.
there won't be a flip, but there will be a pump.
i like pumps.