>discover this shitcoin in june>"hey I like the idea lets put some money in it">shitbay insta-moons>panic buy at ATH>immediately crashes>sit in it for months>eventually break down and sell at a huge loss>within a week it shoots back up again to ATHFUCK YOU AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Lol this sounds like every crypto venture I've made so far.
How much do they pay you?
same
Don't forget the rolling peg which will cripple its gains permanently.
is it currently being pumped and dumped?
No there was an update, but the moon is done I think.
Cash out now, buy back at 500 and settle for December
thanks
Nice lying pajeet.
Stop spamming every thread with desinfo.
Listen brainlet, the rolling peg aims is to reduce/eliminate volatility.
It doesn't prevent the price to grow, so your gains are safe.
Stop spreading desinfo.No it is a genuine good project.
Check out the roadmap, many good things are coming this end of the year https://bitbay.market/roadmap/.Yeah it will pump again this end of the year.
I think right now it will settle down to 50m but pump again to far higher in late december.Nice trips satan, Remember it is only getting started,
You are not even capable of posting the correct Bitbay logo.
The logo you posted it is the logo of the Polish exchange, not the currency Bitbay (these two have nothing to do between each others).
Also Bitbay is not a shitcoin.
It is fucking gem.
If you did your research properly, you would not have have such pathetic weak hands anon.
Pic related.
Bitbay is the best trustless contracting and marketplace out there.
It is gonna be huge.
Soon they will release the updated GUI, the new web client and mobile client and then the dynamic peg.
Lot of ROIs incoming.
Learn from your mistake.Again this pathetic fudder.
Literally everything you said is false and you are in favor of CP and fake money.
Scummy pajeet getting paid to repost a copypasta or a bot.
Reported.
what price do you recommend to enter at.....sub 500sats?
and what do you mean by "Nice trips satan"?
nice trips satanBecause  has "666" at the end.
Triple same digits are called trips on 4chan.
I think it will stabilize to around a 50m market cap but this will be temporary because this end of the year you have three huge updates being released: the new website, the web wallet, and the christmas suprise (and the new GUI shortly after).
I would advise you to wait a few days and then buy.
If the price did not go down after these few days, then it means it is the floor.
If it did, then it is the good time to buy before the next pump.
Good luck to you anon.
>buy high, sell nowYou did good anon
You ever think it's because you don't even know the real logo, dumbass?brb - experiencing maximum levels of COMFY
go bay go!!
glad i invested in this massively undervalued coin that is STILL cheap forso much functioning technology.
if you don't believe me check thiz iut https://medium.com/@tradersnow/how-i-sold-5-acres-of-land-using-bitbays-trustless-smart-contracts-28f18b83125
There's a coin that has far better tech, is way more advanced, and years ahead of bitbay.
Only thing bitbay is better with is the name.You guys should do you research you are betting on the wrong horse.
thanks manreally cool of you allow me to share with you my market insightsRCN is poised for tremendous growth as wellit's primary market is latin america and we know very well how a currency crisis can prop up crypto overnighti would look into it if i were you, so far it's a hidden gem and in the wake of BTC's voluminous rise the ALT market is being butchered or if you look at it a different angle this could be a massive buy opportunity.
RCN has miles to go desu
Nice to see an holder that give you good advices and not shilling like a cunt.
Nice copypasta here  you little lying syshill.Also >syscoin>Proof of Work>fully centralized>not anoymous>has a closed source frontend>use middlemen third parties for its escrowsGet out with your shitcoin.Pic related how Bitbay destroys your coin.
I will look into RCN thanks.
Also checkout Blocknet.
It is the first independent decentralized exchange and inter-blockchain protocol.
It is gonna be huge like Bitbay (it already has 110m marketcap).
And guess what?
They love Bitbay too: https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet/status/922714623333330944.
copypasta from an other thread.And i asked for arguments.
appreciate the advice ma man.I'm thinking of building a portfolio ofRCNBAYVTCand i'll look into blocknet
Pic related  here is how Bitbay literally destroys the centralized shitcoin that is syscoin and the non existent empty promise product that is Particl.
Proof of work AND proof of stakeDecentralizedAnonymousClosed source for investors, will be open soonEscrow is working just fine on bmdesktop.If you don't research please stfu.
Im helping you faggots out by stating you are in the wrong coin if you like decentralized marketplaces.
This "shitcoin" has real merchants on board and will be the new silkroad.
Nobody gives a crap about bitbay.
It's terrible did you even try it?
I bet you didnt.
If you would read more than just the picture you know it's not accurate information.unit tests, open source, open api, html wallet and marketplace, zero knowledge authentication, walletless interaction, merged mining, blockchain pruning, 30k transactions per minute, identity, linked identities with services, digital sales, reseller sales, whitelists, true smart contract marketplace and identities, auctions, DIF member, digital transferable certificates, web of trust services, real estate capable offer and sales, offchain anchoring and specs, bonded validators and masternodes, fraud proofs, bonds, evm execution, decentralized supply chain management, scalable decentralized dapps (k tps), sidechains, single platform marketplace, single merchant marketpace, ecommerce plugins, blockmarket web/pro, > 1m skus on marketplace all these things exist on sys not on others..
Is that enough arguments for you?Ill say another time, get into syscoin if you think decentralized marketplaces are the future.
Now please tell me your arguments for bitbay, 100% you don't have them because this board is full of people who don't even know what they are investing in.
You are not even capable of posting the correct Bitbay logo.its literally from their official website you phaggothttps://bitbay.net/en/graphic-materials
Syscoin only has public markets that are fully moderated.
There is no proof that these markets are anonymous either.
Also it is apparently only Proof of Work.
There is no Proof of Stake mentioned.
Even if it had both, it would still be bad because PoW is cancer.>Closed source for investors, will be open soonYeah that's what they all say indefinitely.
It is still closed source in the meantime,>Escrow is working just fine on bmdesktopPic related is what is called using fucking MIDDLEMEN.
That is what shut down any dark market.
This is not the way of decentralization.
A third party will never know who is wrong and will ask for fees if the issue takes time, and they can be bribed.
If I have to use middlemen, then I will use Amazon, not your shitty Syscoin.
Syscoin will never be the new silkroad, it is full of centralization.
The point is not about your marketplaces being terrible, it is that these centralized markets make no sense AT ALL.
If you are into crypto, it gotta be fully decentralized.
If it is not, better use amazon.
And syscoin IS NOT fully decentralized, while Bitbay IS.
Also syscoin is lacking many other things like security features that Bitbay have and does not plan to solve the volatility problem while Bitbay does.
All these buzzwords yet it won't That's not their website retard.
That's the polish exchange's website.Bitbay's website is https://bitbay.market/.All these buzzwords yet Syscoin is still centralized and not anoymous.
You are not arguing, you are trying to bullshit your way out Syscoin's blatant flaws.
>you know it's not accurate information.Just as what you claim.
Look you say it is open source, but it is false.
Syscoin's frontend is closed source.
Pic related, the dev says it himself.Syscoin is fully public and moderated by centralized mods, and there is no proof of its anonymous statues, while using middlemen.
That is the contrary of decentralization.
Just accept the truth.
Also, I'm not gonna try to argue with someone that is trying to bullshit me with lies.
preach brotha preach
slaying bay fudders left and right
i wonder if Korea (upBit) will rally bitbay tonightfuck i wish i bought sub 400
4399166And the syscoin shill will answer "But it is not syscoin itself, just the frontend!
", while completely forgetting to tell you that without this closed source frontend the users can't use syscoin.
Look how pathetic he sounds: "Trust me goi, we have a closed source frontend, only have public markets moderated by centralized mods, we are using middlemen for the escrows just like Amazon or Ebay, and we are claiming it is anonymous with literally 0 proof, while having no Tor+Proxy integration, but trust me my dear goi, we are still decentralized!
"HAHAHA AT THIS POINT BETTER USE AMAZON OR EBAY,, GO HOME SYSCOIN YOU'RE DRUNK
Wait for a few days to try to buy at a lower price after the pump.
But don't wait too long, because the coming weeks will release new updates that will pump the price again.
And boi, don't forget 2018 as 2018 will be glorious for Bitbay.
Just stay tuned with the Bitbay news on Fb, twitter and slack and the official roadmap pic related.
Good luck to you anon.
That's not their website retard.
That's the polish exchange's website.>Bitbay's website is https://bitbay.market/.I stand correctedSo when is legendary ancap mastermind dzimbek gonna endorse full on drug dealling on shitbay?
Bitbay is trash.
Only buy if you want to get pumped and dumped.
Sounds like me except i never sold so now I cant stop smiling
I cant believe I lost a fucking grand on bitbay - a coin I fucking believe in - and now its over 6 centsAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
why would you come here and say that?
Bitbay's main public marketplace is controlled for the sake of adoption.
It is basically the normie market so you don't want bad stuff on it that will scare people off, but as bitbay's marketplaces are fully decentralized and anonymous, you are TOTALLY FREE to sell WHATEVER you want on it as long you do it by creating your own private marketplace.
TL;DR you can deal drugs using Bitbay if you want but you must understand that you junkie is not the king so you gotta leave some place for normies that use the main public marketplace (it is just one among many).Keep crying syscoin shill.
Good job anon!I warned you many times that Bitbay was a good call though.
Don't worry many good things yet to come.
See More pumps soon.Because he is paid to fud bitbay.
He's a probably syscoin shill.
this guy gets it