the city of LODE editionRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread 
SFIX
:') I'm proud of my LODE drawing, it's going places
AMAT doing me good
PNUSBuy now or regret later

You should make more
*Pshh* hey kid I got 1500 BAC+B warrantsI'll sell you them for $1.25 a piece, whaddya say?
Are you implying that women are dumb?
Not in my general.
Those look like really cheap BAC shares.
Why are you selling them so cheap?
Isn't BAC like a $20 stock?
Pappa robinhood wont let me
Anyone looking forward to any IPOs?
How safe is it to use?
Do I need to have a brokerage for it?
Is Walmart the new Amazon?
Robinhood is a brokerage.
They insured and follow the same guidelines as regular brokers
Wallmart is the old Amazon
It's safe; they'll ask for your SS number.
If you have a reccomendation you'll get a free stock and the person who recommended you gets one.
How safe is it to use?
VeryDo I need to have a brokerage for it?It is a stock-brokerage firm
Just bought NVDIAhowd I do?
Hey what's the opinion of you guys on ChainTrade?
It's shaping up to be the robinhood of commodities.
sounds like ill lose all my money
Buying highWe’re proud of you Anon.
Now you just have to sell low
You could've gotten it for $10 cheaper like a week ago
you just JUSTED yourself
Shoulda waited for a dip.
NVDA is basically the fucking Nasdaq.
Kinda bloated, but still has room for growth.
Bing Bing Wahoo 1-UP!
up nearly +5% today.
What hot new shit did they announce?
It’s just a dumb memeI thought it was a real stock and got excited
PNUS gets you excited?
43989494398933thanks just sold for a loss
There's a BBC stock if you're into that sorta thing
A true blooded member of /rgt/
Buy FNKOStill cheap, Black Friday sales will pump this to it's IPO price of $12.
What did they mean by this?
4398800Thanks guys!
anon you could've just waited until you broke even or a slight profit.
i mean NVDA is still a good company and won't suddenly crash
Why would Black Friday pump up sales?
Isnt that electronics are sold the most then?
investing in Beanie Babies
Well played, lad.
Yall think EA would be a good investment?
EAbuy ATVI instead
Yeah, as a short.
he's not implying anything, there's nothing factually wrong with the cartoon.
No, TTWO and ATVI are much stronger choices.
Just bought the Coca Cola Dip
4399189Have you been in a best buy, Walmart, Target or GameStop recently?
Funkos everywhere.
They have a pop for EVERY major IP and franchise.
Check YouTube, funko pop hunting is a thing happening right now.
this is the power of amrs partnering with pepsi
so, beanie babies?
Jesus, you kids need to learn how to take joke.
trading commoditiesGet with the times, grandpa.
Today we gamble with sketchy Chinese companies and Greek shipping memes
>all of last weeks losses recovered in one dayfeels good
Thanks for buying my bags.
So investing in a company that makes a popular product is a bad thing?
Once again /biz proves its worth.
Go back to Greek shipping memes and mineless mining companies you fucking tards
Easy, buddy.
You sound like you need a nice chinese massge.
kek
assblasted GE bagholder detected
 IPOs are risky as fuck.
I would let it find a bottom first.
So what's the next meme, got burned today.
short wal mart before its too late
SFIX
don't forget mineless mining companies!
How much do they spend on licenses for their products?
How much longer do you think this fad will last?
How heavy are your bags?
I'm trying to find their balance sheet but I cant seem to find it.
Surely you need to release your financials before doing an IPO?
.
Who cares what they spend on licensing when they are selling $0.50 of Chinese vinyl for $20 a pop.2.
It will last until it ends and then they are transitioning to digital entertainment/movies like Lego3.
No bags here that's your specialty, bought my shares for $7.25.
Tax bill passes.
Moon when?
Im getting fucking JUSTED on Coca cola what the fuck
In the House not the senate
its not even down 1% you cuck
I go full leverage like a man
hehehe
buy NVDA
Never go full leverage anon
so is now the time to buy LODE or are they finito?
I just sold my EGLT for a quick 40% so I'm looking to lose everything again
invest in BAA, it's even better than LODE ;)
This is what happens when you bet against AMRS and Pepsi.
It's never a time to buy LODE.
It'll keep falling then they'll rape you with a reverse split to steal whatever left over money you had.
Rinse and repeat with new idiots"Surely this debt strapped mining company won't be like the last two"
well I guess I'll stick with biotech then, it's worked well so far.
or maybe I'll listen to my friend and go 100% dude weed suppliers lmao
What are some biotech memes
Thinking about buying some GRPN, thoughts?
Is it a dank meme
What's the deal with BAA anyway?
it's been having random 9% jumps up and down all day
>ALT now
*GRPN
TRXC
found their prospectus.
some interesting factoids .5% royalty rates>largest line item asset is "intangible assets" at 260 million dollars out of their total 590 million assets >second largest line item asset is "goodwill" at 105 million dollars>more inventory than cash (15 million in cash)>over 300 million in debtthey'll be fine kinda wish I had a job autistically managing inventory, sounds like a lot of complex problems there
 What's the deal with BAA anyway?
it's been having random 9% jumps up and down all dayPossibly because the haypenny was made obsolete over a century ago.
EKSOEKSOEKSOEKSO
alright fine I bought some
According to my analysis, you're fucking retarded.
Should have waited for it to touch 45.5
What are your bags?>NMM>DXTR>XXIIany other memes I should buy?
Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc., formerly PN Med Group, Inc., designs, develops and sells wearable bionic human exoskeletons that have applications in healthcare, industrial, military and consumer markets.
The Company operates through two segments: Engineering Services and Medical.
The Engineering Services segment is engaged in collaborative research and development service arrangements, technology license agreements and government grants where it uses its robotics domain knowledge in bionic exoskeletons to bid on and procure contracts and grants from entities, such as the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
The Medical segment designs, engineers and manufactures exoskeletons for applications in the medical and military markets.
The Company's exoskeleton systems are worn over the user's clothing.
The exoskeleton systems serve various markets, which can be used both by able-bodied users, as well as by persons with physical disabilities.dude that's fuckin badass
4400243Do they have a product?
4400243Seems like it's already up.
Why buy now?
If they did their stock price probably wouldn't be 2$
buying blue chips>expecting to winkys
I have no idea, but you have lovely digits.Here are my stocks.
My bank stocks went in the wrong direction end of day.
Sold a bunch of shit today tho
Answer the phone you fucking asshole
wife calling.
DECLINE.
Should a poorfag burger get in on this with 500$ or is this for the semi wealthy
Depends.
Do you want to be a poorerfag?
Feel free to play around with a couple bucks for fun, but if your bank account literally reads $500, you shouldn't be investing yet.
Save up 3-6 months expenses first, then follow pic related.
TRXCXXIIMYOSPLXAUPH VCELThat's a good core biomeme portfolio.