Is it to late to invest in this coin give me some reasons why/why not
Literally a pedo / criminal coinWill never become mainstream or adopted beyond dark net
i think now is the accumulating period , a breakout to 200-250$ level is imminent for xmr
shitcoin for pedophiles that will crash harder than zcash
You do know how bitcoin got started, do you?
People always need privacy.
Always.
Does not matter if it's mostly for illegal stuff.
Do not be a fool and underestimate the need for privacy.
The ironic thing is that people said exactly that about bitcoin 4 years ago.
Will it be around in 2 years what do you think the risk/upside is
This is why
I'm worried about authorities raising legal issues so I didn't invest in Monero 10 months ago.
also this
Same do you still feel the same I'm starting to think that it doesn't matter
thats the only sure thing ,i would even bet that in 2+ years xmr will be ~1k$ .
am holding 480 xmr since 85$ , i really believe in its future
It's adoption is still pretty low amongst darkmarkets.
Still plenty of room for growth.I don't think it will have much potential outside of underground shit though.
why do you say that ?
bitcoin started exactly the same way .
your statement seems kinda foolish
Am I getting in too late I wanted to buy at 55 and now don't want to fomo in
Because Bitcoin and a few other giants already exist and fill the mainstream role, and governments seem happy enough with letting them exist as long as they can tax it.I can't really imagine Monero doing the same.
Mainstream just doesn't care about privacy enough to overcome Bitcoin's brand, and governments already have their eye on it.I'd love to be wrong though, I have a nice investment into it.
I think It's still good time to get in.
I would get more but can't afford atm.
How many Monero shills do you see?Exactly.
Monero does not need them.
Development is strong and the project progresses at steady pace.
And the coin is still very cheap, you couldn't ask for more.DYOR, plenty of good info about XMR
There's like 5 thread right now
Yeah, just saw.
But they are not really the shilling type.
It looks more like curious people doing their reasearch before buying.It's also an anomaly for /biz to have this many XMR threads right now.
It generally doesn't move very quickly so I'd wait for a dip before buying.
It wont moon again for a while.
The only reason for why not ishttps://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/monero-transactionfees.htmlThat doesn't look like a fun trajectory
https://www.reddit.com/r/Monero/comments/7dzrz9/skepticism_sunday_november_19_2017/dq1k0d3/ see here
Some of y'all weren't around in May obviously >Lead dev calls himself Fluffypony> deliberately trolls his investors with fake hypehttps://www.bitsonline.com/fluffypony-speaks-troll-monero-market/
What the fuck am i looking at here other than evidence for my claim...
Exactly that.
The reason for why and how it could be improved.
Compared to BTC the transactions are still lot faster though, and the transaction fees lower if you use lower priority.
Monero also has adaptive transaction fees based on TX amount per block (the more, the cheaper it is).
This lol, seriously wtf guys.
Im exiting Monero as soon as a respectable Dev crew begins a better project.
4454369Wrong coin, faggots.Also, fuck off with Ztrash.
Worse than Verge, and that's saying something.
It's extremely long term.
Never too late.
Heard fluffy pony say that xmr is actually worse at scaling than bitcoin because TX are much larger.
I'm assuming bc of Ring CT
Pretty much, though the scaling is not very good on any coin.
There's some pruning that can be done after verification, but that's about it.
If it makes you feel any better though, ETH's blockchain is larger than XMR's for example.
Yes, but RuffCT will marginalize the problem
It's also an anomaly for /biz to have this many XMR threads right now.It's weird considering it's in the top 10 coins by market cap but I often come here and don't see a single thread in the catalog.
Especially because I would consider Monero to be a 4chan-preference over normie Reddit shit that has "internet of things" marketing with no substance whatsoever.
But then again we got bagholders of shitcoins so they have to shill what they're holding.But yes OP this is probably the best coin to invest in right now.
It will eventually crash along with everything else when the bubble pops, but unlike everything else Monero will still exist on the other side because it actually has market usage and isn't a get-rich-quick scheme.
Just learn when to sell, and when to rebuy.
Honestly the only FUD there is for XMR is that from a technical standpoint it is too good so govs might ban exchanges from having it listed
2 yearsNah, Monero is going $200 within a month.
Look around on Tradingview and have a look at some Monero charts, they are so solid.Just need some more volume and shit is going to the moon.
Would seriously recommend investing in it, especially now is a good time, it's on a slight dip.