>phd in math>any job i wantk starting
congrats
seriously
I miss old school biz too, anon.
I really do.
shit posting on /biz/ on thanksgivingI guess you're alone.
Enjoy your crippling fear of women and autism.
>NEET in crypto>any amount of money I wantmm starting
kek
i only know about thanksgiving through shitty american films
tfw /sci/ is truly deluded Probably went all in on ark and then went to link after selling the floor
Better hurry, OP.
Math-based professions will be all but obsolete once machine learning systems are commonplace.
Maths is the one thing computers do better than anything else, and unless you are an innovator who creates his own niche field, there ain't going to be that many jobs left for you outside of academia.
i know a guy who did a phd in mathshe works at sainsburys as a general assistant.
It was a meme on /sci/ for over six years now
literally the worlds biggest larpmy friend who has a Phd in physics and masters can either only work at a tech firm (like nasa or gov program) which pay a shit load, or go into academia which pay bugger allgood luck getting a job outside of a university before they get taken over by robots
200k in taxesNo wonder all you can afford is shitposting on /biz/
on this
LOL, REKT
Masters in shitposting >Sage any thread I want >unlimited NEETbux and tendies
What should I major in?
Top zozzle
I'll be starting a PHD in physics (or possibly math) after my undergrad, made a considerable amount of money on crypto though so I'm not too concerned about what I do with it.
this thread again
>have PhD mathk startingFuck I fell for it.
This entire board is so fucking retarded, 90% have done less than one year of community or technical college.PhDs do not make you money.
Habinf a doctorate sets you up for being a professor or continuing to do research on a professional and funded basis.
You’re not going to become a trading floor god working for Goldman just because you can run some crazy proofs.You would make more with just a bachelors in women’s lit and then beginning your electricians apprenticeship.
Good luck with that meme degree
prove it, how much 2+2*2 ?
brainlet >Manlet I have a PhD in Mechanical Engineering 500K anywhere starting salary
Mechanical engineering what a meme!!!
lol nub.
ml is mostly meme and water.
maths will be one of the last things replaced and you would know that if you knew any
The entire board is filled with IT dropouts.
And who can blame us?
They're trying to teach ancient technology to people in a world that develops 10x as fast as they can fill their programs with.
Are you insane.
Mathematicians will always have work in modern society.
Computers are good doing simple math quickly and efficiently but people are better than machines at doing proofs especially short difficult ones.
Computers are crap when it comes to creativity.
k starting
I've been looking for that image to shitpost with for a few months now thanks op.