BCH formed a triple bottom after a bullrun up to 1373, why haven't you bought BCH yet /biz/?O-oh what's that?
You're still clinging onto that old overpriced and overhyped fossil of yours?
Yeah it'll definitely break 10k despite the network congestion, miners moving to more profitable coins (BCH), up to $10 transaction fees and incompetent dev teams!
You just keep holding that butt-I mean Bitcoin of yours gramps institutional money will definitely buy high and not low.fu-fu-fu
How many people will suicide when BCH hits 0?
I hold monero.
Its like BCH, but not shitty
4433101I'll reserve slave-wage positions for you at my BCH mining farm when you go broke from shitcoins
why haven't you bought BCH yet /biz/?Because BCH perfectly mirrors BTC and we aren't sure if BTC is moving down or up now
Network congestion (since the deliberate attack) has been decreasing steadily.
BCH mining share is only 9% and decreasing.THE MARKET DOES NOT CARE ABOUT TECH.
Big investors are used to trading on platforms that CLOSES at 4pm everyday and are used to paying big fees.
You think they give a shit if confirmations take a few hours?
You think they care about paying $10 in fees?
If you want a coin that's fast and cheap there are tons of alternatives.
Why do you pick the one that is a copy/paste of the "fossil" with increased block size.
Wow, big advancement you got there!
Say it with me.Bitcoin CASHBitcoin = big name brandCash = Cash money chinks and normies love itPut the fucking two together and you got a very strong marketable name.
So if the market does not care about tech, by your logic those that missed out on the Bitcoin run will go to that "copy/paste" version that is cheaper and it has the name CASH in it they will eat it right up.Furthermore, Litecoin has been around for as long as Bitcoin has and was considered the "silver" of Bitcoin and it is basically another "copy/paste" version but why is it not worth in the thousands?
Because it's not Bitcoin Cash.
"why haven't you bought BCH yet /biz/?
"because i'm not an autist who likes getting cucked by a bunch of non-technicals who think they know how to scale better than engineers
HAHAHAHAHAHA DESPERATE FUCKING BCASH TARDS STILL ATTEMPTING TO SHILL ITAHAHAHHAAHAHAGIVE UP LOSER CUT YOUR LOSSES AND GET INTO NEO OR LINK
Another religious thread
because I got tired of waiting so I sold it at -10% and bought Lisk instead.
I got into BCH really early around $600, now I have double what I initially put in, and I still don't want to go back to BTC because BTC just feels less to hold.Keep in mind that BCH beat BTC's volume last week, and it's a 3 month old coin.
It also surpassed Ethereum and made the entire market RED.It's up 100% from what it was last week, and it still has a ton of room left to grow.
Bcash is a scammy, chinky shitcoin that serves one purpose: To separate idiots from their bitcoin.
OP should be ashamed for swindling his fellow anons into buying his heavy bags
atta boy.
You and me, and everyone that is taking advantage of this wealth revolution; we're going places.
Y-yeah shame on me how dare I tell you faggots to start accumulating when it hit sub 1k and to start thinking like a whale on wednesday.
We better start telling Anons to buy at ATH in Bitcoin nevermind the 40% increase we just had last night.
Network congestion (since the deliberate attack) has been decreasing steadily.
>BCH mining share is only 9% and decreasing.>yfwthe game is much larger than you can possibly comprehend pajeet.
suffice it to say, this is all intentional for the short-term.
get back to me in about a week