Why is it so hard to understand?Bitfinex and their sister company tether are running a ponzi scheme.How long can you think you can run a business without a bank?How long will a business survive with reserves?Why did they issue fake dollars aka tether?The answer is in the last question.How many of you even know what happened at mtgox?
Who is the owner of bifinex?Does the name Raphael Nicolle ring a bell?How many ponzi schemes has this guy orchestrated in the past?Where were you in 2015-2016-2017?
Why is bitcoing rising 1k every fucking month?What will happen if bitcoin tanks?What do normie investors do best during bear trends?How do you prevent normie investor from withdrawing in USD?If bitcoin wasn't pegged paired with altcoins.
I wouldn't even bother.
This shitcoin has brought nothing but fomo dumb money in the cryptospace.
Remember when fees were less then 0.10 cents?
Fuck off btrash conspiracist.
Everything is fine dude.Calm the fuck down
Holy shit will you retards learn what a fucking ponzi is.We all know tether is a fucking scam but it’s not a ponzi scheme you retarded fucks
It's funny how many conspiracy theorists came out of the woodwork when bitcoin cash dumped to zero.
Unable to accept their loss, they think BTC is manipulated as well and would rather the entirety of crypto dies with them.
Anyway the key takeaway is that they are running a scheme to get massively rich while also making early adopters rich.
It is an unsustainable system in the longrun, so eventually they will run, and people who did not get out will go poof.As a bonus, they discourage you getting out.Sounds like it runs like a ponzi scheme to me.
How do those heavy BCH bags feel?
i don't even hold any bitcoin cash or bitcoin but it's fucking obviious the bitcoin price is being artificially inflated.
you have to be fucking retarded not to see this.
that's a whole lot of questions.maybe cut back on the weed?
u getting paranoid....
44128744412902Im willing to shill for cash where can I contact your employer?
TOPKEK HES A FUCKING NOCOINERSTAY SALTY YOU CUNT
I'm the OP.
I'm from the period when bitcoins were 100-200 dollars.I already made my fortune.. You are a fomo newfag who is about to lose his lifesavings on a ponzi scheme.
Bitfinex is NOT tied a bank.... Bitfinex can't pay out their shareholders in USD, only in USDT which they magicly print out of thin air.This is a scam.
Well documented, proven not a conspiracy theory but a fucking FACT.Withdrawals in USD are currently paid with Deposits in USD.How are USD withdrawals paid then?If your answer is by borrowing from a bank.
Which bank?
PROVIDE PROOF of the bank they are affiliated with.This is how you disprove a theory.
>How long can you think you can run a business without a bank?So, since you are new to cryptocurrencies, let me be your guide.
You know that stating I AM OP on a board with identification show some level of dumbness, my little pupil?
you seem retarded.
Ok, I understand Bitfinex being exposed and dying will cause biggest crash ever.My question is what about other exchanges that trade with Tethers.
like Bittrex.
Will they be affected other than by the price of Bitcoin.
>Crypto Currency will make traditional banking obsolete>HOW CAN YOU RUN A CRYPTO COMPANY WITHOUT BANKING RELATIONSHIPS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!???!!??
Back to >>>/pol/ with your overly-zealous conspiracy.
Yes if USDT crashes than BTC/USDT pairs will skyrocket as USDT holders will exit their positions for the safety of BTC
will i be safe with my ETH guys?
BTC Its getting ready for Blastoff, hold on to your ass,
It works until 100% of Tether holders ask for fiatPlus Finex is just stealing your precious BTC with this scheme
Holy fuck we're about to get finexd
Listen to this man, none of this is natural growth.
>"I already made my fortune.. "Help me out I've been justed for weeks14ANjYiWWaRJ3ZTkPVSnNpdXgxjgXUsZ37
Fuck off retard.
Kys with your bitcoin cash bags.
2017>nocoiningCongrats on this.
Seriously.
Jewish banking cartels hate him.
Find out how one CEO made billions with non kosher financing and this WEIRD TRICK (USDT).
Also, some of you guys are alright.
Don't buy alts until Feb 2018.
Withdrawals in USD are currently paid with Deposits in USD.>How are USD withdrawals paid then?Since Bitfinex has lost banking access the only way to deposit/withdraw on Bitfinex is by directly sending funds from one banking account to another banking account without the involvement of Bitfinex or a blacklisted party.For example if you want to deposit $3 million to Bitfinex, you'll get matchmaked with people that want to withdraw from Bitfinex.
Say, Bob wants to withdraw $1 million and Alice wants to withdraw $2 million.
Bitfinex will request you to directly deposit funds to the bank accounts of Bob and Alice.
Once Bitfinex confirms the deposits are completed, they will internally adjust the accounts on the exchange.
You will be credited 3 million Tethers on your Bitfinex account.
This was supposed to be a temporary solution to Bitfinex's banking problem.
However, it's now been 8 months since Bitfinex lost banking access and it's very unlikely they will find a bank to partner with in the forseeable future.Of course this temporary solution will continue to work as long as bitcoin will continue to rise in value.
How do you stop the price from falling?
Mint more Tethers, buy up BTC with the newly minted Tethers on the exchange.Bitfinex has inadvertently created a ponzi scheme this way, since new money has to keep coming in to process the withdrawals.
How does one become this brain damaged?
Their audit shows they have the reserves one to one.
If they want to use money to pump why reveal it using tethers when they can just change numbers in their database
So once Bitfinex is busted BTC price will fall?I don't want to keep USDT for too long; but BTC isn't a safe option either
What is this audit you speak of?
Did they audit themselves?
Kek.
Does no one find it suspicious after their last hack they never went to the police?
A few hundred million allegedly stolen and their only recourse is to mint an exchange coin?
I hold ETH LTC XMR you tard.
Their auditThere is no audit.
They've been talks with Friedman LLP since 2016 for an audit.
The audit has not taken place as of today>b-but the september 2017 internal report!Tether themselves have confirmed that was not an audit.Anyone holding USDT when Tether collapses will be left empty handed.
There will be panic selling of BTC when Tether collapses.
Wow you got me, just because it doesn’t say audit therefore it is meaningless, even though it shows they have usd reserves matching tethers.
Wow big whoop
They could have filed for bankruptcy and dragged it out like gox and taken 10 years to return everyone’s money after bankruptcy proceedings, which was in nobody’s interests.
So, sounds like I'm safe since I trade on GDAX, and they do not use tether
implying these coins are safe on an btc crash
the fud is strong when btc at athnot new news...https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1871567.20
Provide some fucking proof that tether.to, an audited company, is a ponziNo one ever does, it's all conspiracy theory larpers
Many of these fomo investors never went through a real bear market.
Like the one we had with the China FUD, mtgox.
How many of you actually remember when bitcoin stayed at $200-250 1 year long.
That is a fucking bear market.We are in a bull market and everything seems dandy.
I can guarantee you this.ICAC will knock on Bitfinex doors...
It's going to be Mtgox 2.0 all over again.I already have a exit plan incase that happens.
I bought platinum, SP 500 stocks, gold, silver.If you never heard of spoofy washtrading spoofing fake buy orders on bitfinex.
It's about time you start investigating.
would you bet on that?
since you re so focused on your point we can make an contract.
FLLP did not evaluate the terms of the above bank accounts and makes no representations about the clients ability to access funds from the accounts or whether the funds are committed for purposes other than Tether token redemptionsFriedman LLP doesn't know if Tether can even access the funds, neither does Friedman know if the funds are reserved for Tether redemptions or if they are committed to other purposes (like margin debt on Bitfinex).
>biggest exchange for CC>long in business>realiable so far> = scam Yeah of course
biggest exchange for CC>long in businessMt.
Gox used to be the biggest exchange for cryptos before it collapsed and they were in business since 2010.>realiable so farhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitfinex_hack
Withdrawals in USD are currently paid with Deposits in USD.>How are USD withdrawals paid then?Well it's true that Bitfinex paused fiat deposits since april 2017 and the market capitalization exploded exactly then.
Without fiat deposits the only way Bitfinex can pay out fiat (what they still do) is buying it for coins/tokens on other exchanges that still take fiat deposits.IF Bitfinex prints more tether than they got from users selling coins for tether then it really would be a desaster.
Bitfinex responsibles would be in serious mortal danger for the rest of their life.
Possible scenarios1/ ICAC starts knocking on Bitfinex Doors.
Raphael and his crew get arrested.
Bitfinex assets frozen.
BTC loses half of the market cap.2/ Bitfinex finds a banking partner for the dollar reserves.
Bitfinex ponzi schemes ends, the artificial price inflation stops.3/ Bitfinex finds a banking partner for the dollar reserves.
Bitfinex continues with the artficial price inflation, retains its position as a top exchange.
ICAC starts knocking on their doors.
Assets frozen, owners arrested, BTC drops in price.
It's impossible to deposit fiat to Bitfinex since april 2017.
i will ask again: would you bet on that?
if not please leave you retarded bagholder
Safe yes, but dont expect big profits
It is funny because if you knew jack shit about corporate accounting, such disclaimers are standard.
Secondly the account is in their name.Third what the fuck is margin debt?
Actually if Bitfinex assets are locked, including BTC wallet, doesn't that add more value to BTC?
It is possible if you are 25k usd +
JET FUEL CAN'T MELT TETHER
They didn't have to file bankruptcy but they could at least made a half-assed attempt to reach out to INTERPOL to try and track down the hacker even if it was a lost cause.
The fact they didn't go to the police suggests to me it was an inside theft or criminal negligence going on.
Bitfinex has ALWAYS been shady, it is even more shady now, the fact people still use them boggles my mind.
Is it really worth playing with fire just to do some margin trading?
Would I bet on that?I already allocated some of my crypto assets in SP500 stocks.
Isn't that enough evidence that I lost my confidence in bitcoin-pairing dilemma?Can't you see I already made my bet in stocks?
Correct.
It's impossible to deposit fiat to Bitfinex DIRECTLY.
They'll still allow fiat transfers above $25000, but this goes through Hawala (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawala) not through Bitfinex.
Bitfinex is not involved at all with fiat transfers.
All they do is interally adjust the numbers on your account on the exchange if they confirm a deposit has been made.Friedman doesn't claim that Tether isn't violating the law.
Is that also part of corporate accounting 101?
What do you hope to achieve lying anonymously about facts that any retard can just google?
yeah and thats something we can check its truego fuck yourself bagholder, eyes on the chart you may not lose all

Kek your last sentence gave it awayBtrash cultists are the worst people in here
How am I lying when that is what the report says you iq bcash holder?
Ran out of arguments?
Go find your homeboy bitfinexed and kill yourselves for being this stupid.
People just don't want to see btc come down in price.
Everyone with any significant money in this knows that bitcoin can fall off a cliff any day.
Im not speculating about that, but it's possible.
Fomo noob didn't invest when bitcoin was $200.Fomo noob doesn't know bitcoin transactions were less a $0.50.He bought prob bitcoin at 6-7k.Calls me a btrash cultist.
starts using ad hominem attacks claiming i'm out of argumentsIt's you who is out of arguments.
The proof is in the thread that there never was an audit.
Friedman says it wasn't an audit, Tether themselves say it wasn't an audit, yet you still believe an actual audit happened?
You're delusional.
is this the bargaining phase?
4413420This plus disclaimer in their own terms that they aren't obliged to redeem tethers for usd puts the reserve counter at 0$.
Anything else is a smokescreen.I also dont hold bcash but what is your stake in this obvious scam?
Lol this word play again, just because it doesn’t say audit means it is fraud.
Wow the mental gymnastics
My stake is dispelling the load of bullshit from conspiracy theorists.
What's worse is the lengths people go to defend them, why the fuck do they care so much about a random exchange in Hong Kong?
If you're against centralization you should be for MORE trading and money leaving Finex and spreading around to more exchanges because a central point of failure is dangerous.
You're dispelling nothing though.
If I sell you a note saying "$1 iou by anon (ps not redeemable for dollars, lol)" I just gave you a worthless promise.
When I start pumping millions of these into the economy, im going to jail.
And with good reason.
When you claim it is not back one to one with zero evidence, throw in some conspiracy-tard level shit into the mix, expect people to laugh at how stupid you are.
Wow the mental gymnasticsSpeak for yourself.
The amount of mental gymnastics you go through despite the overwhelming evidence ITT is staggering to say the least.
Let me add that the thing that makes bitcoin better than fiat and revolutionary as a mode of exchange is that you can only bring new bitcoin into circulation by expending signifiicant energy in a transparant manner.The cost of creating new tether is practically 0 energy and the process is almost fully opaque.And we are not even discussing an exchange using currency issued by itself to MARGIN TRADE feeless and with access to account data.No one with REAL money would ever send large amounts to such an exchange without being cut into this scam.
So most trading there this year mustve been fraudulent.
What overwhelming evidence?You claim everything is faked, reports faked, the money isn’t in the bank accounts even though an accounting firm says they are.
Yet you don’t have a single piece of evidence that there was tether was created without backing.You claim everything out of tether is fake, fine.
Then all you have is a bunch of medium.com shitposts from a reddit autist who also claims the same thing.
Overwhelming indeed.
I think you guys are missing the fucking point...Do you know what a wash trade is???
?You create money.
You buy a bitcoin for $5k.
You list it at $6k.
You buy your own bitcoin at $6k with fake money.
There is an illusion of rising price and volume.
Other investors flood in and buy at $6k while you sell your coins for profits....You wait for the price to fall because remember, the money was fake...there is no buying pressure.
The people who flooded in start taking a loss...you ship your bitcoins to other exchanges and sell because arbitrage works like that.
So now you have more money...and Bitcoin is down.
What do you do???
DO IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN until you milk all of the money.
Eventually you have to keep taking out more and more tethers because there is less money coming in...You provide more margin funding so people can take on more risk and you can extract money faster.You people are morons...How many people do you know even trust Tether???
So how is it that 20 million is coming in every single day and being shipped immediately to bitfinex??
?200 million in the last 2 weeks alone.
Go to the fucking tether website and read the legal documents.They even tell you upfront that they dont have to pay you back...that its not currency redeemable for any value.
I hope 2018 will be the year decentralized exchanges really start taking off.Yet you don’t have a single piece of evidence that there was tether was created without backing.There's not much to work with when you only have a memo with the name of the banks and the account holder blacked out.
The creation and minting of Tethers is opague as fuck.
The burden of proof is on Tether to bring out a proper audit, until then I'll continue to warn people about Tether.
You did your thing.
Don't argue with these idiots they will drag you down.First dumb notion.Why the fuck do we care about some random exchange in Hong Kong.This is obviously a fear of missing out newbie who bought bitcoin at 7kHe doesn't know bitfinex is the biggest exchange in the world.He doesn't know one third of the trade volume comes from bitfinex.He wasn't there during mtgox crash.
Bitcoin tanked HARD when mtgox closed.second dumb notion.Accusing us early investors as bcash bagholders / cultist.Many of us own both... Bitcoin cash was free.We are warning you that that this bitfinex ponzi scheme with fake dollars to replace real dollars during withdrawals will be exposed.I already made my 6000% on bitcoin core.
In the end it's a win win for me anyway.Call me a conspiracy theorist... insult me fine.I'm not the idiot holding a 8000 dollar timebomb.It's just a matter of time before the ICAC starts investigating bitfinex trade practices.
Shut the fuck up bitfinexed conspiracy theorist.
Must really sting knowing that you sold at 1k and watching the price go to 8k after that>b-b-but I was right all along!!
It is only fake tether pushing the price up, the true value is only 1k and that's why I sold.
R-right guys??
You can read what bfx_drew had to say.It is a standard legal clause in case ylu are terrorist or something.
But autists sperg about it everytime.
That has nothing to with the 1 to 1 backing either
It is a standard legal clause in case ylu are terrorist or something.AMC-KYC compliance is already covered in the Terms of Service.
Tethers being unredeemable for US dollars falls under the non-redeemable clause, not under the AMC-KYC clause.
They're two seperate things.
You are being fed lies by Bitfinex staff.
Bitfinex earns something like 300k USD every single day in profit.
Do you really believe that it's gonna go belly up any time soon?
It'll literally take years, even if your retarded hypothesis is completely correct.
We'll have to be in 20k BTC range before that happens.
Who cares if things get shitty I'll transfer back to quadriga and withdraw
They would face more legal issues if they said it was guarenteed.
Here's the problem.
Philosophical and ideological arguments aside, from a legal standpoint Bitcoin can be considered "fake" money.
Bitfinex has no banking, but they have they have the ability to create fake dollars (aka tethers).
So, they can now buy all the fake money (Bitcoin) they want, with other fake money (USDTethers) and drive the price of Bitcoin sky high.
As long as it's all done on their own exchange, and it's all fake money anyways, who cares?
Why do you think they have no banking?
Why do you think they won't allow withdrawal of US dollars?
Why do you think they banned U.S. customers?
They can use their monopoly money to drive up the price of BTC and other coins, and sell it on other exchanges for REAL money.
This will not end well
They are making money by pumping it...do you not understand this???
its a fake pump...theyre buying their own asking prices....http://omnichest.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXLwatch this daily.
the pace is picking up because it has to to keep this ship afloat.
I imagine this will turn into every single day.
200 million in the last 2 weeks just to fight off this last dip...why you ask??
becauce bitfinex lost a bunch of fucking money during a hack that they said they'd pay back.https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-bitfinex-dilemma-blow-up-now-or-try-a-hail-mary-to-retain-in-business-10b9d989359f
bitfinexed
lol took a nap and op is still here complainingdat is one BIG BAG to hold uh?
>Shut the fuck up bitfinexed conspiracy theorist.
Must really sting knowing that you sold at 1k and watching the price go to 8k after that>b-b-but I was right all along!!
It is only fake tether pushing the price up, the true value is only 1k and that's why I sold.
R-right guys?
?I got 84 bcash locked up on coinbase.
1January payday.You're a fomo fag who bought btc during the hype at 6-7k a pop.
Insult me fine.
But I'm not the idiot sitting on a 8000 dollar timebomb that could go bust anytime.I sold all old my btc today when this https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-bitfinex-dilemma-blow-up-now-or-try-a-hail-mary-to-retain-in-business-10b9d989359f was released.Normies didn't knew but normies like you are informed that is why I'm pulling out.I will come back after mtgox 2.0
You idiots think this is just a Bitcoin problem?
They're pumping Bcash too, and likely some of the other altcoins on their exchange.
This is bad for all crypto.
You mouthbreathing fucktarded fools have no idea how hard you are being scammed
So what we have in this thread is the ones actually heeding a warning..with tons of circumstantial evidence...and then we have the duuuuuuurrrrr idiots who are the equivelent to the niggers who start every statement with "you just mad cuz you blah blah blah..."
go to sleep pajeet
Can we get it fucking correct what a ponzi scheme is?
/biz/tards throw that word around 24/7 and have no idea what it actually means.
Simply giving money to someone when you don't have it yet it NOT a ponzi scheme.
It's the basis for all of modern banking.
The key difference is that USDT isn't an investment program, nor is it really an investment, and you don't get returns on it.
If you did, those returns are real appreciation - not simply a ringleader giving you false returns with new investors' money.
>go to sleep pajeetEnjoy mtgox 2.0... lol 8k timebomb
what you dont understand is HOW theyre using the tethers...PEOPLE ARE NOT BUYING FUCKING TETHERS OK.
THE TETHERS ARE NOT WHATS RIPPING PEOPLE OFF.
If people buy tether?
cool...Bitfinex is issuing their own tethers...in huge amounts and using them to wash trade and provide margin funding which just increases the pump even more.The limiting factor for BTC is limited capital to push it higher.
Even if you get rid of the wash trades...by providing cheaper margin funds...people are willing to take on much higher risk.
The problem becomes the fact that you need to keep adding to the margin in greater amounts in order to keep doing it.
You need to keep creating tethers...this is where the similarity to a ponzi scheme comes into play.
Are you saying the federal reserve is a ponzi?
It absolutely is which is why it will also massively fail if the U.S. doesn't crumble before then.
Add on top the CEO of Finex ADMITTED to trading on their own exchangeThe fact they trade on their own exchange which gives them access to people's orderbooks is morally criminal in nature itself even if it is an unregulated market.
it's people like this poster that make me think something really is up
Madoff would like a word with you
It’s more people who are upset that they didn’t buy bitcoin so now they want to see it burn ,meanwhile the price will just keep going up
It's easier to ignore than deal with.
If it's true then BTC will lose all credibility and it will have a 80% crash at least and destroy the market.Everyone here should hope and act as if it isn't true because if it was the JUSTing the entire crypto market would experience is mind boggling.
tether was a thing waaaay before bitfinex started using it
If it's true then BTC will lose all credibility and it will have a 80% crash at least and destroy the market.I would have thought if this is true people who put in money in the last 24 hours will feel silly when the market corrects after the all time high
SELL YOUR BITCOIN NOWW!!!
!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.BIG CRASH IS COMING.YOU HAVE 1 DAY TO SELL YOUR COINS OR LOSE IT ALL.HURRY UP!
TIME IS RUNNING OUT.
SELL NOW!
Who gives a flying fuck.
You just transfer the crypto amount to Kraken and use 0.09 eurocents SEPA transfers to cash out into any EU bank.Americuns have a problem with wire transfers, but that's their problem.
This is that old medium article *yawn
0.09 eurocentsI keep seeing you do this and you seriously need to stop.It's 0.09 euros, not 0.09 eurocents which would be 0.0009 euros.Also you think if Bitfinex goes bellyflop you can just easily get your coins out like that?
Or that the price won't be massively inflated because people buy coins just because they can't get fiat out anymore?You also lose the transactions fees which are currently over $10.Just don't use Bitfinex, it's that simple.People were warning about MtGox months before it went down but of course some idiots never listen
It's 0.09 euros, not 0.09 eurocents which would be 0.0009 euros.You're right, it's 9 eurocents.
On my defence, I'm drunk.>Also you think if Bitfinex goes bellyflop you can just easily get your coins out like that?
Can it?Then what do I do?
Kraken failed me during the failed flippening.
It crashed as much as Bitthumb did.Bittrex is out of the question.
It remands photos of your cock with a timestamp to withdraw even crypto.
Yobit?
Don't make me laugh, it's untrustworthy.
Bitbay?
Demands national ID scans too.
If you've done nothing wrong then you have nothing to hide, citizen
Taxation of cryptocurrency trading hasn't been formalised yet.
Nulla poena sine lege, but there are more general laws that are ambiguous and would require establishing a sole proprietorship.
Plus proliferation of personal data is a criminal offence here, unlike in the US.
It should be handed over only to government-related organisations, never to private ones.
Asking for an ID is an outrage.
Get ready for a pump guys.
So now is the time to buy BTC?
When will this USDT pump happen
4416423We about to moon boys http://omnichest.info/lookuptx.aspx?txid=dbde10653dd7f459260c11e2a80ae887f7c72e5bfd22f5d908b489dd430be764
I already made my fortune..No you don't.
Fuck off rakesh.
Asking for an ID is an outrage.Then try getting a bank account or Internet installed at home without ever showing it.Of course any company entering a business relationship with you has the right to confirm your identity, in many cases they actually have to because of anti-money laundering laws.
I made a submission to the SEC saying that tethers were unregistered securities.
I asked that the SEC discourage Americans from owning them and that they ban US-based exchanges from trading them.
No response from the SEC.
But I hear you, OP.
dont they need to create tether so they have the same amount as there is crypto bux on the exchange?
so when ppl move funds to their exchange, they have to create tether to match the deposits?
wtf!
save us tether
YES GOY BUY MORE (((TEACHERS)))
Crypto is a ponzi.
The global real-estate market is a ponzi.
Fractional reserve banking is a ponzi.
This ponzi at least has some bank account somewhere with dollars in it, most coins don't even have that.
Use localbitcoins to convert to and from cash.