I will tell you the truth, though you may not be ready to hear it..You are it.
You are God.
'You don't have a life, you ARE life!'
- Eckhart Tolle
Any paychonaughts want to consult the DMT deities for trading advice?
They say to buy Beancash.
I prefer this quote.
I don't know who first said it.
"You don't have a soul.
You have a body.
You ARE a soul."
The only reason any of us want ANYTHING is because we believe we will be happier in the having of it..There is nothing the outside world can give you that you do not already have access to now.
In being here full in the now, without thought.. you will see that you are it.
You are life itself.
Ego is the enemy.
It is not about the you that you perceive yourself to be.
Matter is error.
There is no Life, substance, or intelligence in matter; all is Mind, there is no matter.
Spirit is immortal Truth, matter is mortal error.
Spirit is the real and eternal, matter the unreal and temporal.
Spirit is God, and man is His image and likeness; hence, man is spiritual and not material.
yes.
Ego is what keeps the constant noise in the backgound, the addiction to thinking in most humans..
44409714440902You are faggots beyond imagination.
Might as well become Scientologists and join a Nature Tribe.
"Inflate my ego" 13jCUBLbvYDqQ6YMe8WPpaeqpuksVD6aEX
This has nothing to do with Scientology.
Your ignorance is showing.
When is the last time you were in the state of presence (so to speak) where your mind was at rest, without thought?
You were just 'here'Even for a few seconds..Most people's minds race constantly, and they never have a break..... ever!
It's an addiction to thinking.
Just knowing this can free you even if you cannot be without thought.
yeah but I'm not the entire God.
Youre god too.
The trees are god also and IMO they're better at being God than me
If you live by this truth, you have NO FEAR!
You are in a deep state of appreciation and you feel as though you can have, do or achieve anything - but it isn't required for your happiness...YT search 'Eckhart Tolle' or check out his bookhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yotvQdsg_o
There is only one.
Any separation from that one is an illusion.
You are it.
Agreed.
Even water is alive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnZm1KvlvgA
how come this trip never ends!why do i keep forgetting!only to remember again!and again.. and again.. and again.. and again..fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugwe're all rich.
God became man so man could become like God
Because to you: merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a meme.Life is but a DREAM!
No.
You are the entire god, there is nothing else other than you.
You only think you're a part of god from your limited perspective.
From the perspective of god, we (you, me, everyone else) are illusory, there is only him.
i wil post them tho for $7 13jCUBLbvYDqQ6YMe8WPpaeqpuksVD6aEX
13jCUBLbvYDqQ6YMe8WPpaeqpuksVD6aEXTriggered!
'Do not trust a man without any rascality - for that is a lying man.And yes, every man is but an actor in the grand ance'
It is simply a desperate attempt to get free internet money.
Just sad really..
thinking DMT deities that are far superior to humans would waste their time giving financial advice which is more meaningless than a fucking piece of garbage to them
is it considered cheating to know the truth and still be alive?like its supposed to be a big surprise for everyone.a graduation present.
and the reminder that this eternal life.
The universe is a hologram projected into your own subconscious.
You chose to live as a god with amnesia in denial.
Buy bitbean.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YstFH3lb9LI
It's crazy how all the believers in this thread have gold/indigo IDs and the non-believers have reds.
Testing, I think this is BS and they've inhaled too much incense>check red
Blasphemy
This made me smile for the first time today.
I'll pass on the bitbean, but thanks
Where're my indigo children at?
> indigo id get> third eye shit boi
this is getting too deep for /biz/i've been beating myself up, mentally and physically, over some bad crypto trades that ended up costing me a large chunk of fiat.but this is helpful.
thanks bud.
atheist not welcome, remember that if you dont adore God, you will end adore something else like a woman pussy or a fagot.
Yes you are a men made by God, just be proud of it.
thinking they would bother giving trading advice.pic related.
And yet here you are, in full knowledge and presumably having had experience of what you are talking about.
I've believed for a long time.
I think that believing is the optimal choice in life if you consider the costs/benefits.
when shall i be freewhen i shall cease to beno more i but wein perfect harmony