Am I the only one who ABSOLUTELY REFUSES to buy at ATH's?
My emotions tell me buy, but my brain says wait.
Anyone else have this internal dilemma, and how do you rationalize your decisions to yourself.
Sold BTC as soon as I heard this morning.
Did not jump on the alt train.
Wasn't holding alts to begin with.
So dunno, may of missed some gains, always tomorrow
be jewish when others are gentile and gentile when others are jewish
I sold eth this morning when it hit 300.
Now I'm sad to see it soar.
Explain moar
My emotions tell me buy, but my brain says wait.huh, i think its the opposite for me.
ATHs get me to notice a coin and consider its value proposition, so I want to buy it logically.but from watching charts long enough I feel scared to buy it at that moment
time in the market is better than timin' the market
if you dont buy at the ath, youre buying when its been going down :)
Please teach me the way of the merchant.
my gut said to go all in link yesterday, my scumbag brain said no it's only one day, no big deal it might dip even more.
cool beans
I'm having trouble selling ATHs as well
This is ultimately what my mind arrived at today.
I was too busy taking 3% gains off the table I missed 10% gains.
But any time I have tried to chase a coin hitting ATH's I have ended up losing money.
By the time the market moves it and I notice it, it is already too late and get immediately dumped on.
At least then I know I am not buying at a resistance point so it will quickly resume or pass where my entry was.
how do you rationalize your decisions to yourself.
"What are the fundamentals of this coin?
""Is it going up or down?
"And responses should not be "hurr durr it's gone up too far!!!"
"hurr durr!!
It's going up a lot so BUY!
"That's stupid shit.
If you are only looking at the fundamentals, why are you even looking at the price then?
Well, fundamentals justify A price.
But the question is just "do I want more of X" and "Is X worth at least [[CURRENT PRICE]]"The question is never "Do I buy at the ATH?"
I did that after the Bitcoin cash fork and proceeded to watch btc more than double in value of very the course of a few months while I sat there twiddling my thumbs
Same here OP.
I've definitely missed some moon missions as a result but I also haven't been blown the fuck out, so I like to think it's a wash, or even that I've come out ahead.
You have to understand what the fuck is going on.
Crypto trading is not like any other trading ever in the history of ever.
The whole world is the market, it's hugely unregulated and possibly revolutionary.
If you got out of the house and talked to people you'd see you're actually adopting early (even if not the earliest) and of course it's bound to go up.Stop being a nigger, use your fucking brains.
Google trends, for example, is one of the most amazing tools humanity ever came up with and it's fucking free.
You can literally gauge normie interest on anything using that.
And if you searched for bitcoin there you'd see that people are only just learning about bitcoin, you faggot.
That's why you see ATHs every other day.