REEEEEEEEERedditors Get the fuck off my board!!
Reddit is one of the gayest communities in the world.
These normies believe iota for fucks sake.As crypto grew bigger it attracted more people.
More and more /pol/acks, /v/irgins, /fit/izens came to this board to make money.
And because of 4chans over exposure during the election, bringing r/TD to /pol, has now brought countless countless redditors here.You guys want to know why there's so much filth on this board now?
Why there's so many shit tier garbage coins and projects being promoted?
It's because fucking redditors are here.
That's why.If you are a redditor or a normie browsing this board we do not want you to post.
We want you to gtfo this board now You cosmopolitan fags don't even know how to green text Go back to your iota Islamist refugee board known as r/cryptocurrency
true
It's not redditIt's /pol/tards, /r9k/ betas, and other dumbfucks from across the site who heard about the moneymaking potentialIt's a neckbeard gold rush
What if I’m Rex enough?
pajeet is to blame for our current state.
the shitting streets have spillled over to biz.
biz was born on pol you fucking aids ridden faggot.
Shut the fuck up nigger
This is now a nigger hate thread


That's art
>muh domainthis is not your safe space
you bet your black asshole it is
4280242only redditors resonate with this faggotry
>Reddit is one of the gayest communities in the world.
"Gay" isn't an insult.>Go back to your iota Islamist refugee board known as r/cryptocurrencyOh no, they support basic human rights!
Most refugees (like my Syrian boyfriend) are just normal people who have had their countries destroyed (mainly because of Western meddling).
Letting in a few refugees is the least we can do.
It's true, 4chan's Japanese-inspired culture has diminished too much and now we're full of underage kiddies, idiots with hot opinions and normalfags posting here instead of the other sites where they belong.
Seriously, please fuck off and you'll do us all a favour.
Or at least lurk more before posting.
Neck your self
b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8b8
london?
wrong.
you don't even know the history of this board.
it was born on /g/.
little bit on the nose matereddit might be more your speed