What's up guys since last time ?I'm the guy from https://warosu.org/biz/thread/S4109802 and was wondering how you were doing since.
Has any groups that formed that night survived ?
Any troubles with the recent bear market and the whole BCH/BTC shitstorm ?
Did some of you saw the BCH thing coming and acted on it ?I'm up for a few hours of fucking nothing if you guys wanna shoot your questions I'll answer very much like the last thread.
Nothing to sell here, nothing to shill, just general advice thread.
can i suck your benis
dnt, storj, sys, xmrare these decent choices?
There's some fuckery going on with Storj that I'm no part of and haven't figured out yet.
Analyse exchanges and order books for it, I'm torn between pulling the trigger or not.
Regardless I feel like if I in on it, it's to ride a PnD and get out with 20-40% profit.XMR same as last thread, probably a good idea short-mid term as one of these "solid" coins but be scared of governments shutting it down.
Thoughts on Request?
I think you mentioned some of your boys were accumulating
Do you have a full time job?
How to juggle crypto and a day job?
is substratum the one wit the stick?
Do you like powr?
Real world adoption is rare and intruiging.
what are your thoughts on salt?
Same as last thread man, I think it's an amazing project and will for sure be a good return.
I'm personally done accumulating.No I just travel and cash out.
I've enough to I hope never actually work again.Lot of speculation on this one, it's a pass for me.
But as you said it has "real world" adoption and use case so it might be one of those amazon/google etc.
that will survive the big 2018 crash and SEC.
Lost more money OP since i joined Pump and Dump.
help
Don't join pump and dump join think tanks.
Read the last thread if you've got time on your hands I think it has useful advice for people like you!
Too late already lost all my money.
thanks doe
What are some indicators of ongoing accumulation?Are ICOs dead?
What is the best coin to longterm invest in other than BTC?
what are your thoughts on substratum?
thoughts on NIO and HST?
There is a /biz/ think tank actually kek ironically already.Actually we just fuck around I think while margin trading.
Also, favorite travel destinations?
How has you're life changed since then?
Also how old are you?How did you're parents or people react to how much you gained?
How do you see the bitcoin conflict playing out?
What are you doing to take advantage of the situation or protect yourself from it?
Is this document real?
Its been mostly accurate so far.
https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
Yup, I'm part of a group actually, we had some amazing calls I never would have seen coming but that really made sense once explained.
For example one dude actually called BCH at 650 or something before it exploded to 900 the next day, then kept pumping.
Made so much money that day.
Did you guys act on it or were you instigators or something?Anyways, having a group changed my life lol.
Getting signals from others is godlike, and getting fudded and stopped feels nice as well, because you might get called out on bullshit you glossed over yourself.Besides BCH we make money off of shitcoin calls mostly, we have some talented people who identify good shit, then we find an accumulation zone and just keep setting buy orders there until we get our 30-40%
Even BTC these days isn't what it was 3 weeks ago.
Funny eh ?Not much sorry.Sold that airdrop as soon as I got it, that'll teach me.
Currently looking into NIO and possibly buying back.South america, Peru and Columbia are great countries.I don't worry about money anymore.
I make people around me happy.They're happy for me and that's it.
They don't know how much exactly I'm worth these days, they raised me so I pay them back in some ways.No fucking idea mate, I jumped in BCH after some very thorough investigation by our group at around 400$, 450$.
I love BCH but let's be real core and blockstream aren't gonna let this shit happen.
I also see eth going new ATH soon so maybe flock to ETH if you're afraid to play into the storm.
I for one very much enjoy bear market and complet uncertainty, it's where I'm the best!
i feel like salt lending could be huge if bitcoin and ethreum continue to rise.....SALT is my next big move.....what does your group think about it.
Crypto lending seems vital
If you see Joey ZerXXXX in you're group tell him hi from Guam.
Thank you.
Also one more question does your group have an opinion on Ripio?
Hey OP.
Something in that last thread really got my interest, about the poor but smart and hungry people you like to have in your groups.
As somebody who feels like they fit that description, how can I get myself out there?
How do you sort through the 99% bullshit and find the Slacks and Discords really worth your time?Whether by intelligence, dumb luck or a mix of both I've managed to turn a small amount of money into something decent.
I put my last savings of $100 in crypto this last August and now I have almost $5k.
I'd love to join a group like this and figure out if I actually know what the fuck I'm doing here or not.
Man that's really good.
Keep grinding!
It's a multiplication game, now you'll do even bigger money.
Regarding groups, start them yourself ?
Find people like you and that's it really.
anyone down to start another group here>
When did you start?
I started with 1k in august and have it at 22 right now.
I feel like I fit that description as well.
Thanks man I'll just need to keep my eyes open and maybe start a group of my own like you said
Where do you do most of your market research beyond white paper and fundamentals?
What kind of research led you to make a call like BCH?
Shit like that seems totally opaque to me.
Columbia
Not OP, but this sold me on BCH https://www.yours.org/content/bitcoin-cash---how-it-s-going-to-triple-my-net-worth-302dc72fd512/
When did you start?
I started with 1k in august and have it at 22 right now.
I feel like I fit that description as well.I think if you've seen a 2200% ROI in two months, you probably don't need any advice.
I just started a little over a week ago, got dreams of being able to pay off my student debt before I even leave university.
I started with 200 and made some good gains, but made a big loss in BCH.
I'm glad I did, however, as it's lead me to learn from mistakes and slowly recover my capital.
For a newcomer to crypto like me, what sort of resources can you suggest me to look up so that I may get better?
I also started in August this year.
Beauty of XMR is that a government trying to shut it might be to it's benefit.
Completely not true.
I know I'm an intelligent person, and I know that my gains were definetly at least partially luck.
I bought Walton at a dollar and sold at 7.
I bought stellar as soon as IBM dropped and rode 150 percent.
I picked up a few other major gains/losses as well as minor gains/losses.
Suceeding in the short term is no measure of my ability to invest or trade.
I'm looking to try and learn from people who've succeeded in the long term and be able to discuss crypto with them.
How much do you diversify?
How much diversifying is too much?
I see the crypto market as a whole going up consistently so wouldn't that mean a wider web = guaranteed increase?
I've been on board BCH for ages after all the shit that's gone down on leddit with censorship.Best coins to invest in are coins with large, positive, growing communities.
BCH fit those criteria.
The dudes at /r/btc have been passionate about their coin for ages, and it's starting to be reflected in the price relative to BTC.
bases his opinion on reddit shill communityget out while you can bois
Drop an email.
I have about 10k in the game, constantly researching and trying to find hidden gems.
Started with $100 in March.
Would like to have a small, trustworthy group to bounce ideas off of
BCH was 630 USD before S2X was canceled, now it's over 1000.
Reddit was right.
lamdapeterson@gmail.comi got 15k in rn.
I can start a group if we can get enough people.
4370807have about the same, would definitely be down for a group.
send me an email...i'll update you guys on who seems to be in.
43709025896@protonmail.com is mine, will check in the morning.
I have one really good 5x, nothing else is jumping out at me right now
437090222k and winningthegame@protonmail.com is mine would definetly want to join.
i'll be emailing all of you guys some time tonight/tomorrow morning...keep an eye out
4370962Those of us who have made less than 1k barred from joining or are you guys willing to let me learn from professionals?
more the merrier...be willing to read up though
I'll send you guys an email instead, not comfortable posting my email here.
I'm in that group that formed after your legendary thread.
We trimmed down to about 25 members, and have some great research going on.Your previous thread was very insightful for all of us, so thank you for that.
We would love to have you join, let me know if you're interested.
Are you guys still open for new members?
How did you trim down to 25?
hey OP, good to see you again!
I am curious, do you see the market stabilising going forward?
with the BTC/BCH shitstorm relatively calming, it seems things could be headed to a somewhat steady base.
But the market almost always defies expectation.
I am thinking BTC is going to rally again, possibly to an ATH soon.
What do you think?Also, like others have said, I am a relatively poor, cautious invester but I have made decent money from interesting projects, and I would love to be a part of a thinking man's community that wants to spend time to understand the market and make money.
Shoot me an email at breakfree89@protonmail.com, would love to explore possibilities of creating our own little 'think tank'.
pic related, someone invite me to your whale group.
email: ethplatinum@protonmail.com
man, that's awesome.
I strive to get to where you are.
hopefully someday I will.
Heard any good things about ELIX?
How much blubber do you have and how much eth do I deserve?
Also looking to join some groups with some smart like minded people.
80k here.
bizmac@protonmail.com
4370866here is my email blocktathon@protonmail.com