>SITE REMOVED>SUBREDDIT REMOVED>TWITTER DISABLEDGet out out out
hes prob mad people found out about his pumps before his pooost
On mobile but someone posted proof on Reddit about how the desc dumped before the announcement and they turned the sub private and deleted the text from the post
Oh damn its true, was planning on holding a little bit, but hell no not now... exit scam confirmed
I was going to sell my 50 ETH stack today but was busy, and they'd already started the exit.
I only managed to get away with 6 ETH.I only put in 2 ETH, so a 300x in 2 weeks isn't too bad, but I would've had more kek.You're SoL.
It's unsellable now.
Anyone got this pic?
Everything is gone:Facebook profilesLinkedin profilesTelegramTwitterWebsiteReddit
All the Discord pump and dumps I've joined are terrible and the admin team prebuys the pump of the week anyway.
I got out as soon as OP was up, but was close.. luckily i cashed out most of my position at 0.0034,
Joost has deleted his telegram account.Chris - the volunteer support guy - was not informed of the exit and left holding bags.
Bless you OP, managed to salvage 1.5 eth, rip whoever couldn't sell
Even though it was an exit scam I’m still glad, I turned 2 ETH into like 6 grand
yes we surely believe that.
chris is so innocent.
poor chris.
he is so innocent, poor him.
guys he is really in the dark on this!
Damn.
Why would they even bother formulating a bullshit excuse if they just exit scam ?
I wish I could understand the mind of these scammers.
Doing my duty m8.
I bought at ICO and still sold at a profit, but I wanted the bagholders here to dump before the last automatic buy orders were used.
GET OUT!
GET OUT!
GET OUT!!!!!
To cause confusion
I was very salty that I sold at X 10, now I'm glad...
This is quite scary.
And I still don't understand how they made money out of it, as their wallet doesn't seem to have moved.
People lose their money, sage
Maybe they felt guilty for a brief moment and after a few drinks they ended up thinking 'nah fuck it'
Anon...They dumped before their fake announcement.
The announcement was used as cover to mask their dump.Where did they get the coins to dump?
They bought therm in the first stage or presale from themselves.
>buying into something that has CON and JOO in it
About his pumps?Did he do anything like this before?
I don't get it.
I don't think they've dumped at all :https://etherscan.io/token/0x14839bf22810f09fb163af69bd21bd5476f445cdthat's weird.
Denial Phase.
What do you mean denial phase; I'm OP'ing it as a scam kek.They locked the 30% for show, sold their presale bags (they never listed presale participants) and abandoned ship.My friend got in presale for 20ETH but sold at a profit last week fortunately.
Nobody from my shill squadron lost money.
guthub gone as welltotal cleanout.
What happen?
Any info pls.
kek.. Not you.
The ppl buying it after the initial crash.
It tanked and recovered.
They probably made money from the initial panic.
Who the fuck knows though man

they forgot to delete this https://www.linkedin.com/company/confido-iobut they did delete the medium articles too
They're just doing a rebrand.
Shit's going to moon at the launch
When the price reaches zero, they'll pop up again and state that they have been hacked.
And the legal issues have been resolved.
kek
Develop and publish automatic trading tool of Forex.Please by search "EA development factory of SuperJunior"
They'll be crying with laughter if people buy up again.
Fool me once...
See what you guys did, you pissed him off with all the moon talk
Price is hitting support line.
I'm going in
Just watch :D
Define recovered please
fuuuuuck I just started with crypt, bought 2 ETH with my hard earned money, invested that in CFD and now its all gone, I'm so devastated
Support line ?
kek
People never listen!
What were you guys thinking anyways, all those signs of and you guys just followed them like a dumb herd of sheep.
Their announcement page (ANN) on bitcointalk forum had only 7 pages and the dev's hardly communicated with the people.And I just had an argument with someone yesterday, who was try to compare a scam Confido with a great project like Tio.
Keep in mind, All that glitters is not gold.
well it's a 3x or 300% gainkinda sucks ass compared to a 2500% but congrats i guess
Well this is still uphttps://www.ideal-ist.eu/ps-uk-104725
Maybe recovered is a generous word.
It hit an all time low of close 0.7m cap and then got close to 1.8m cap after people were speculating of what could be happening.
A nice last profit to be made.
Was called out as a pyramid scheme 10 days ago.... 
% yeah, fucked up trying to type 3x or 300%.I was going to be selling it all yesterday anyway 20x but the exit started before I checked in.
reading the answers to that thread is just sad
guys.
seriously.
who in their right mind actually put money into this?Let's have a look at the LinkedIn profiles of the "team":Liam Bellumhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/liam-bellum/Nick Spatzhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/nick-m-spatz/They have several years of work experience but only about 15 contacts each?These are fucking fake profiles and they were literally featured on the website of confido.ioLowest of effort scam.
And people still fell for it.
Says a lot about the state of crypto nowadays.
DYOR you retards.
I knew it would collapse but thought it would do it in Dec when Binance didn't come through, not on a Sunday with no warning lmao.
My day to cut my profits and the dev team's day happened to be the same day, but I got JOOST'd
New OC of the last staff remaining accidentally posting with the wrong telegram account and referring to himself.
fantastic
Context please, what group is this?
Damn they're still trying to scam people.
Fuckin ridiculous lol
The gift that keeps on giving.
My sides
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GODDAMN JUST HOW MUCH MORE JOOSTED CAN THESE GUYS GET??
Ultimate kek
FUCKING CHINESE AND THEIR SCAMS!!
Oh wait.
This is the (now deleted, there's no way to join and once you leave you cannot rejoin the server) Confido official Telegram group.
It's nothing but shitposters and bagholders asking how to call the police on Joost.
2 to 50 to 6Normally I, and I think most here, would be kicking ourselves at such a missed profit opp - but considering the circumstances here anon I'd consider this one of the finest gains I'd ever made in crypto if not THE finest.
is it the hardest joosting of 2017?
i've seen some shit but this looked as sharp as the autists blade
checked anon it is a sign you only want to do good
LmaoYeah man, yesterday I was exiting and got caught completely by surprise with them doing the exit scam.
I thought if they did, they'd hype it up to December first (that was the alleged time Binance would be listing them)
Harvard of Germany
It's 200% gains, which is equivalent to 3x
I hope the bagholders on /biz/ saw this thread and immediately dumped what they had left, because there's nobody to buy it anymore.
Kucoin delisted CFD, and on EtherDelta, it costs more in transaction fees to sell CFD than you would get in ETH at its current price.
% gain REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You underestimate pajeets.
hot damn that thread.
most people on /biz/ are extremely dumb after all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU&lc=z22qwh3y0tqeerxys04t1aokgmpthb4armpae2gcg1tabk0h00410
I'd believe that.
It's pretty unappealing for a CEO to bring people on who are aware of the scam, most competent devs won't be willing to do this sort of stuff, plus it dilutes their own profit.
Obviously I have no proof either way but I would usually say its more likely that the hired devs are unaware
Did anyone report this to the SEC?I'm not kidding.
Someone should do it
Thats what happens when you touch shitcoins m8
It's a fake account.
The original has “admin“ next to it.
SEC?
US was excluded nigga
Time to lawyer up and take this fucker down
This was proven fake you pajeet
4465133Its also a lot easier to keep things secret if you don't tell everyone you hire on.
Because if you tell three people you hire and they tell three people they're friends with they don't want getting burned and so on its just a matter of time until your scam is exposed.
tfw put 600 bucks into this yesterdayThe pain is real but it was a lesson to me.
Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior"」We develop and publish EA (automatic trading tool) of FOREX.
Guys, you can still buy confidohttps://www.favorfinesse.com/hhconfido.shtml>Confido is a safe, non-hormonal ayurvedic formulation that acts on the higher centers of emotions in the brain and locally on the sex organs directly or indirectly.
Confido reduces anxiety and calms the individual.
By acting through the neuro-endocrine pathway, Confido regulates the process of ejaculation.Benefits of Confido>Confido helps in maintaining normal sperm production>Confido inhibits premature ejaculation>Confido inhibits nocturnal emission
in case it ever becomes a legal issue for the team.
SEC could try to track them down, and then it'll be nice to be able to have records that back up their story.
Joost fuck my shit up