Why Eidoo (EDO)?Because it is creating a project that will take crypto currencies into the mainstream.
Adoption is what everyone has been craving since day fucking 1, and Eidoo will achieve that.They have created an all-in one app that will allow users to trade and store multi-currencies in it's wallet and it's own decentralized exchange, as well as enter ICOs... all from your phone.
It's the one stop crypto shop that will allow normies and your grandma to understand crypto.It will also allow you to spend crypto via it's debit card.
It provides you with an IBAN so you can even have your own bank account.
This is the project that will propel cyrpto into mainstream adoption.It will become the Coinbase of blockchain projects - people will look to it as their first point of entry to get trades done.It's market cap is embarrassingly low at 20 million.
Compare it to similar projects and not only is it all of them combined and more, but it's market cap is just a fraction of a SINGLE one of those projects.This project will be one of those ones you look back on and think "fuck I could have got it when it was $2".
Shill me more pls i am intrigued
this but semi-unironically
Look at this chart.
Also can you imagine some normie and grandma trying to buy ICO's with EtherDelta and MEW?
Look how many experienced crypto users already fuck up and lose thousands.EDO is advanced tech simplified for the average human being.
It's exactly what is needed for adoption.
Look at why Coinbase is so successful.
No fucking charts and shit, they just keep it simple and it's easily the first choice for normies.Look at the internet back in the day.
People had no fucking idea what they were doing.
Teaching your grandma to use the internet or smartphone was like showing a caveman a spaceship.
can we get this more noticed
looks promising the only thing is that on the roadmap the debit card and full altcoin exchange wont all be fully implemented until 2019 which means this investment is 5 times longer than the average /biz/tards attention span.
and its rather expensive at $2....remember this is /biz/ so chainlink is a preferred investment.
The ICO Engine is supposed to be the next thing that gets released along with its DEX coming out end of the year
It will have it's time soon.
Then maybe when it's already 6x'd Biz will buy in.
Put all my money into this, hopefully it moves unlike MOD
Everybody that reads whitepapers knows that Eidoo is the more shitty version of TokenCard.
Their next major Release is in Q3 2018 while TokenCard is releasing Q4 2017.
Also look at the Marketcap including outstanding Coins.TokenCard is the clear winner with a Marketcap of 20 Million, next month release and few outstanding coins (compared to Eidoo)
TokenCard TKN:@morganthompson7 Glad you're excited.
At this time it's hard to promise a definitive launch date.
The planned roll-out process is as follows:- Final Wavecrest app approval (in progress)- Internal MVP testing (imminent)- Closed MVP load testing (with trusted individuals)- MVP contributor roll-out (start date depends on how well load testing goes)- Gradual General Public release (starts very early next year).Source:https://trello.com/c/CfzS9bDp/34-have-an-idea-comment-on-this-card%F0%9F%8C%A0
You on that retard time bro?
It literally says in the white paper partial exchange release Q4 2017.Can't tell if FUD or if you struggle with research
EDO has an actual app with 120000+ downloads already.
That shitcoin has nothing
Oh and Tokenshit doesn't have -decentralized exchanged-ico engine-white labelling EDO already has these or will soon.
How does EDO comopare with COSS?or is this something completely different
Really bullish on this.
Been in it for a while, it has all the requirements to be a BIG coin just needs more exposure.
Hopefully we can still accumulate for a few more days though, i can feel it picking up already.
Post-fork its gonna be huge
FUCK TKN
Everex (EVX) is similar project?