Guys repeat with me,Coin cashCoin goldCoin diamondandBitcoin
zzzzzzZZZZzzzzstfu fag
All this forking shit is gonna kill Bitcoin as a whole, and that's fine with me.
Helps us move towards a better alternative in the futureIn the meantime I stay with BTC to make more money off of idiots who buy this shit
Satoshi was 100% against forking, that's why he tried to come up with all the features bitcoin would eventually need, escrow, smart contracts etc.
Sad that the only thing he didn't count on was little chinese men destroying everything he built
BCH is Coin CashBTG is Coin GoldBTC is BitcoinWe can make the difference on this, it is very simple and it will have a huge psychological impact.Simply stop calling Bitcoin Cash, call it Coin Cash.
If you start to spread this trend, hitting reddits and social media.This could catch, and it would be enough to remove the brand tag and separate them.
forking shit is what can keep it alive long term and is the only thing that gives users any power
Satoshi is behind BCH, idiot.
the only thing that gives users any powerThe 'users' don't have any power anymore anyways.
It's either Blockstream or the Chinese mining conglomerates that call the shots now
Honestly, I'm half expect Wall Street to dump BTC for ETH within a year or so.
PoS is the fucking future of crypto whether we like it or not
https://soundcloud.com/thecryptocast/ep13
keksome angry white boi driving a lambo and posting nudes on twitter is satoshi huh
I'm still holding out that Proof of Space and Time with Chia as something the big money will want to get in on.
Bram already got a decent bit of seed money for the project apparently, and it also gives a big fuck you to PoW
the users give them that power by using their chains, if they fuck around too much that power can be taken away by the users by using a different chain.
obviously some people think blockstream is fucking around too much
Users being Jihan.
POW isn’t going anywhere, but I see hybrid systems like SYSCOIN plans working.They’ll have to science the shit out of the energy consumption tho, but that’s why I only trade alts.
What are your thoughts on Proof of Space and Time?
Less energy consumption through utilization of HDDs along with less centralization of mining by design.
I feel if it works out it could easily take over PoW as the defacto mining method
who gives a shit?
if he wants to earn money he will need people aside from himself to use / buy his coins