>tfw finally gonna sell my 1000 BTC in 30 minutesI know it's not a lot in the grand scheme of things, but finally gonna retire at age 30 with an lifetime supply of pizza rolls and anime.Feels good man.
sounds good plz dump it all at once
and which exchange is going to allow you to withdraw 1000 btc?
tether?
kek
can I have 1 BTC OP?plz I am a poor fag anon and this would help an anon out
send max to multiple accounts, withdraw each to one source like coinbase, sell for fiat
congrats anon.
I am genuinely happy for you and I hope you have a great rest of your life!
you should consider keeping some of your btc though, it's a solid investmentif you want something less riskyfeel free to help a broke and depressed guy who would like to buy his dog some premium dog food instead of the cheap shit 3R162QM5tVraDfGufShaioc7bdvqVeoBvV
Just put your nose the grindstone like I did, kid.
I worked hard at Subway for that $300 initial investment I made back in 2011.
coinbase has a limit u cuck
To those who are asking - I'm selling to a private buyer for $7000 per coin (deciding to cash out now while I'm ahead and not risk another crash).I'm assuming they are going to liquidate it slowly over time.7 mill (or whatever it is after taxes) is more than enough for my fat ass to enjoy anime and totino's pizza rolls for the rest of my days.
Yeah but even if I had $300 to put into something, would that give me the equivalent of 1000 BTC which is like 5 million today?
7 mill (or whatever it is after taxes) is more than enough for my fat ass to enjoy anime and totino's pizza rolls for the rest of my days.Capital gains tax max out at 20% I think
I don't know, kid.
All I know is that I worked hard that summer at Subway and I deserve every cent.
if ur gonna larp at least put a little more effort into it.
Pretty rad if true.
You made it brah.
"Kid"I've been working for more than 10+ years
Why didn't you just work at Subway and use the money to buy bitcoins in 2011 then like I did
Doesn't mean you're not a kid.Congratulations, OP.
Stay golden.
and look how far that's got you
You're probably selling to an undercover fed and it will all get seized when they raid you.
That's called money laundering dumbass
No, it's legit.
Everything is going on record and it's not a shady individual.
Lawyers involved.
The whole spiel.
OK y'all, time for the meeting - I'll report back after it's over.
Could be an hour, maybe longer, dunno.
If thread is still here I will be back.Wish me luck and I hope you all make it, except if you are a faggot
1000 BTC @ $7000You could've sold it at market at max lots and gotten a price $7189 on gdax right now.
Sell it into rallies over the course of the day and you could've gotten an even higher price.
189*1000 = $189,000.
That's a hefty commission.
You got ripped off.
Hope all goes well.
I would buy multiple love dolls with that kind of money.
If I ever make it to the moon, what kind of lawyer do you use for this kind of thing?
What do they specialize in?
Let's say I'm selling a few BTC for $30,000.
How do I get legal protection for that?
Why would you sell now you fat retarded fuck
Now it's $7280.
Get a better quote $7000 is a rip off.
Can't he do 4 slightly priced differently sell orders of 250 btc each?
Withdrawing fiat may take time but may be good if he's something to invest in like ethereum or omisego in 2018.
Good job man.
You made it.
Now use that money to actually improve upon your life.
Anime and pizza rolls sounds fun, but it will make you fucking depressed as you become older!
Improve your life, you have all the means to do so now.
What’s the bitcoin of 2017/2018>linkStop, seriously
redditFag plz goDon't listen OPNEET life till the day we die
The currency you'll get back will be worth less and less while time moves forward, so good luck with the retirement.
Nigga you just put it in a conservative mutual fund to beat inflation and starting with "only" 2 million USD you could take home about $140k off of dividends every year (or take less than that and invest even more.
)7 million USD is easy mode.
If you had this much money you would have to try pretty fucking hard to screw your life up.
You forget that he will have to convert his country's currency back to bitcoins once they become mainstream.
The day I have 2 million USD is the day I stop giving a fuck about bitcoin lmao.
How much do you have now?
Not 2 million.
no shit
For anyone stating that this guy is an idiot for selling at 7k, go bash your fucking skull against a spiked wall.
If he really did buy in 2011 for $300, then he has grown his initial investment by a literally legendary percentage.
He didn't fucking fold during the first major crash, and maintained his grit like a fucking boss.
Seriously bro, I commend you.
Fuck the haters.
honestly i dont see the point in cashing out crypto all in one go, it seems easie to cash out as you go, leaving most of it in there like a bank
I'm not sure why me not being a millionaire precludes me from knowing what a person that wanted to pursue an entire lifetime of anime and Totino's pizza rolls should do if they had 2 million dollars.
This isn't rocket science.
Fuck you lucky bastard.
Toss me a box of them pizza rolls would ya...1PS9VYeUkt9Li2ECjztCzpenGytJkyqNbX
Op please help me out Single Father who wants to start in Crypto - leave your email as a note and I’ll pay you back 10 fold in 5 years.
1DKzx6345hEbY3qB95sdk6bPHbtVtDABWo
You made it OP, enjoy your pizza rolls
Also congrats glad some of us have made it.
I can’t wait until the day I get to make this thread.
What would you do anon?
Maybe he has more?
I know I would keep some in reserve, at least a 100
I'm not sure.
I'd stop wagecucking for one.
I'd probably spend more time with my family and definitely help them out financially.
Beyond that, take up hobbies, travel, etc.
Sell 500 and reroll the rest in BTC, BCH, and LINK.
Buy ALIS.
You can thank me later.
Top 25 Market cap by 2Q 2018.
Screencap this.
Also, LINK.
Muwhahaha.
This.
t. 34yo Neet and never worked a day in my life.
Got bored and training to be an Engineer now.
My Macro is on point, 1V1 me in any game brah!
Op is a faggot that clearly has no fucking idea how to spend his own money.
Maybe you should give it to someone like myself that actually does.
I make a living off of taking money from dumb fucks like yourself so I can properly use it.
Send me a non-cuck amount of btc tonight and I’ll make a private snap account for you cucks to watch my legendary explurs.
First step I’ll charter a pj to Vegas.
Swing by Albertsons to pick up bags and bags of ham slices and ranch dressing on my way to pick up my std whores for the club.
Second step drench them in ranch and huck the ham at them.
(Real story, done this before) I don’t need your money but send me to prove you’re not phony if you want to join in and the week will be paid by myself.
1CtC2VmZm4Ueb9fCDw8XT7VLwbL3TZygGZ
it sounds like hes just done with the whole space, which is fair, but i think its only going to get easier to spend crypto day to day, and if you have enough like OP, then you dont need the money in cash or something more liquid, because you're never going to need credit ever again
If true, enjoy those  years OP.Remember to stay true to your waifu
True if big
Good luck man, enjoy it
whats with the picture of phil kessel lol.
un ironically a millionaire but ironically from playing hockey
Insults someone and then begs for money
I just like Bill for the /hoc/ memes.
Begging to burn his money in front of him
OP here.
Deal is done.
I ended up getting a little more than I originally wanted.
I will post proof in a few minutes once my Jew lawyer leaves the room.
First things first, OP you gotta buy a shit ton of pizza rolls and chocolate milk and timestamp that shit
pathetic
!!!!
Pizza rolls ∞
Livin' the dream, OP.I aspire to be you one day.
OP here.I'm finally rich guys.Pizza roll time.
can you send picture of the back?
it will always be a LARP>/biz/ will never make it

plenty of us have, i would have expected op to be more outlandish if he was pretending, everything in this thread is reasonable.
Have a bunch of kids with an attractive woman and build an empire.
LARPERRR RRREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
the larp threads are off the chain today
Eat fresh nigga
purchasing power of usd (and subsequently all fiat) will fall 80% next yearbuy bch, xrp and precious metals
MEDDL LEUDE
1Liix1iGEHmFhHcCHvXYNUTqiCo2gudvpGAlso want some pizza rolls man!
Thanks.
Kill your faggot kid and die
Kek
tits or gtfo
We bank at the same bank.
How quaint.
It's still Bitcoin