Can someone explain why there are buy sell orders out of this zone?People placing buy orders at $2k when bitcoin is trading at $7.5kIts not just a little bit of money that some autist put up there either, theres a good $10 million dollars of orders in this zone on just the buy side.Why the fuck does this happen?
;)
Why not?
I'd buy the fuck out of Bitcoin if it went to $2K and putting up a buy order doesn't cost you
I'd be buying like fuck too, but for example between 0 and 1k, theres $176k USD of orders.You could be making $5k of interest in some shitty bank savings account but people think its a better use of their money to place a buy order for $400 bitcoins
Theres $43,730 of buy orders between $0 and $50.Are these just ancient buy orders that people made back in 2012 when bitcoin was $50 or am I missing something here?
You could be making $5k of interest in some shitty bank savings accountOn the other hand, IF there’s a giant fatfinger sell (and as these markets aren’t that liquid, it sometimes happens), you gain more %% than that money would’ve brought in multiple lifetimes.
Someone post that okcash "fat finger" yesterday.
giant fatfinger selldoes this happen often lolTheres $43,730 of buy orders between $0 and $50.bump for interest also
It's not the same person putting all these orders.
I have 2k worth of lowball orders on both Bitcoin and Ethereum.
It beats chasing 0.75% in a bank (francistani here), even if it's a 1 in a thousand chance.
The one time ETH crashed to 10 cents on GDAX gave me a free thousand dollars worth of ether.
does this happen often lolI only know the one from GDAX, but like I said markets are relatively illiquid (and by the way, all these orders several tens of % down the book are exactly what make up its liquidity), so a
4392144Ah I see now, I had no idea this sort of thing happened that often.
probably much better than a shitty bank account.I thought it was just some rich autist who had no idea what they were doing
Don't underestimate how many orders are just old and uncancelled and still on the book.
OP doesnt use conditional limit