If you sell this before it partners with coinbase you are deluded.
They will have an integration with coinbase.
Why is this?
Coinbase is the thing for normie crypto.
Now imagine something like paypal.me but for crypto.
That's what req will work on with coinbase.
They are basically already in talks with each other because req is in YC and coinbase was in the '12 session.How does yc work?
They accelerate startups by mentoring them with knowledge and connections of successful YC startups.
So they are probably already in talks with them to integrate this into coinbase for an "on demand payment request in crypto directly delivered to your coinbase account".So then you can do coinbase.me/yourusername and have people donate you money.
You can send other users payback requests.
Set up simple webshop checkouts and so forth.Remember, you heard it here first.
When the general public is going to realize it, you will already be too late.
Bitch Nigga i don't even know where to buy that shit

deluded reqtards
I am bigly on this
Binance, ethtrader
Sleeping well tonight :)
Req devs are ahead of schedule and will be releasing their working product for testing soon.
This will likely be announced either this dev update or next.
Been hearing about this but what makes it so big?Too lazy to research
Honestly don’t shill this.
Biz knows about it.
Wait until the shit get launched and let them fomo in
This.
These devs are silently plowing ahead of schedule.
They have already shown sneak peeks of their app and it looks divine.
This is currently the most overlooked project in crypto.
It will be a top 50 coin by 2018.
Wait till AirBnB accepts it as a payment method.
Don't be lazy.
Take ten minutes to research it.Right - anyone who hasn't figured it out by now doesn't deserve the gains tbqh.
Wait till AirBnB accepts it as a payment method.You clearly understood, how to THINK BIG.
Got a 100k stash tucked away in mew.
Not gonna touch until 2019.
That's like 80% of my portfolio.
I have 26k REQ, will I make it?
4517508At what price point did you bizraelis acquire this many REQs?
Probably at ICO price and they are trying to shill it so they can dump it on your retards
I think 100k is a good place to be at.
Currently at 50k but I feel i won't make it with this alone
I don't hold any, i'm just curious.
I bought between 500-650 satsYeah figured as much.
I have some LINK and BTC too but I'm not willing to part with them just yet
YC has many potential companies that can be partnered with req.
Imagine paying for your bookings on Airbnb with req or being able to pay for stuff on online market places using req.
This will happen with YC backing.
Clearly the majority got in since ICO.But it doesn't matter anyway.
Like the logic from this anon  - you are not allowed to buy anything in the crypto world.
Something above ICO?
Don't buy it, people are trying to take profit.Something below ICO?
Don't buy it, people are trying to shill their bags.
5k reqlet here, will i make it ?
lol..req terd.
this shit not alone going up.
every alt fucking up tonight.
dont be reatrded this shit will go down again.
be careful
Based on what are you talking this assumption?>Checking binance right nowHalf going up, half going down.
And REQ in the top 3 gainers of binance trading.>Checking cncHalf going up, half going down.
Nawwwwwwwledge
did the sand fuck up your moped today pajeet?
REQ can fix that
lol.
wait for couple of days, ppl pumping this to drop their bags.
+ tiny pump due to friday imaginary weekly update
HA!
It's dumping now.
That was it, ICO buyers are dumping their bags now, and you cucks bought them.
coinbase literally confirmed they are adding ERC20 tokens in Q1Coinbase was started by YC same as REQ.
I wonder which tokens they'll be adding?GNT and REP?
Fucking kek
So, you just threw around with random shit and your response is, lol?
Guess this anon  is right, pajeet or at least pajeet logic confirmed.
looks to still be going up
Maxed out at ICO.
Bought at 0.00018, 0.00020, 0.00012-15.
Based on my average price I'm in profit (just).
No bags to dump here - I'm holding for 5-10x (from ICO price).
HA!
It's dumping nowReached a new high in the pump
yeah, obvious FUD
It's still below ICO price.
Once it reaches it, the massive dumping will begin.
You were proven wrong with >HA!
It's dumping nowSo you will be proven wrong with >Once it reaches it, the massive dumping will begin.
thats retarted.
So dump when you break even?
This pump will carry on until the news Friday, and if its good news then bring an oxygen tank cuz this shit is going to the moon
4517789This is the most obvious shill I have ever seen on /biz/, thank you for proving my point.
For all of you fags that are planning to buy into REQ, just look at these dumb shills.
How is that shilling?
I don't even care about REQ at this point.
Small percentage of my portfolio is in it, either it will survive or not.
I am fcking autistic and i like to prove brainlets like you wrong.
You are not even able to comprehend the BS you are throwing around.
How often do you need to be proven wrong to understand that you are full of shit?
Stay poor nigger
youre an idiot bro.
Make sure you get my order right next time.
I said a LARGE fries.
You do not appear to understand what the term "shill" actually means.
k ICO bags not feeling so heavy anymore