>btc value goes up>altcoin value measured in USD goes up proportionally>little bit of infighting amongst altcoins but largely altcoin USD-value goes up...suddenly...BREAKING NEWS BITCOIN CONTRACTED AIDS!!
!>btc value drops like a brick>money flows out of btc into altcoin market>altcoin value measured in USD stays largely stagnant>and while 1ETH can now buy you .3BTC, the USD value hasn't changed because you sell altcoins via bitcoincan someone explain this to me?
my portfolio value is incredibly stable despite market fluctuations because of this behavior.
i hope i explained it well, not sure if i'm making sense...
Stop being a noob and measuring your portfolio in fiat
i actually don't!
but stupid blocfolio doesn't even allow me to show values in .btc literally can only look at usd.
that's why it's so boringly stable despite massive market movements like right now... what's the better blocfolio app??
The only thing that matters is alt price in satoshis you dumb fuck
you realize it's all normalized when converted, don't you?
Realistically, fiat is not only just as effective, but better since fiat is what ultimately matters in terms of liquidity you dumbfuck
4252207keep arguing, maybe I learn something
You click on the total value of your account.. it lets you switch back and forth from fiat to btc with a simple click.
It is fucky today though.
And from what I’ve seen today altcoins are up aren’t they?
You’re confusing as fuck, that’s a weird thing to greentext.
Replied for the fine young lady
you want to measure both.fiat is a baseline comparison for absolute gains.
btc is to see how well you did against the crypto market as a whole.if you gained fiat but lost btc, step up senpai.
if you lost both kys
Ultimately I trade alts to gain BTC.
I am just done with fiat currency.
Its nice to see what its worth.
I think its funny, but in the end I only want BTC gainz.
If something else becomes a better currency, I'll be measuring in that.
No, actually... soon BTC will be useless.
decentralized exchanges, not based on BTC pairs are coming soon.
That's literally the ONLY thing giving value to BTC.
It's over for Bitcoin.
Without some fork and the promise of "free money", Bitcoin is literally fucking worthless.
LOL what?
I couldn't care less what bitcoin is worth on a given day
all trading should be done to gain BTC.
If you are trading alts, it's for BTC.
BTC BTC BTC.
Maybe the other strong alts (ETH, XMR, etc).
Those have value on the FIAT market.
You trade to make BTC.
You trade BTC for USD.
You trade USD for a lambo.
That's how we do.
soon BTC will be useless.
Soon.
CME and CBOE adding BTC futures within the coming months, LOL kek'd worthless.found the shit coin bagholder...
lol fiat is all that matters every single bizkid does is for the $$$$$$$.
gtfo if you say otherwise.
a lot will happen in the coming months.
BTC will be proven to not be a valuable asset.
GET REKT
Bitcoin will forever be 1# simply because it's the first.
It's been shit compared to many altcoins for a long time, it's still #1.
IMAGINE IF SEGWIT CANCELATION WAS FAKED
So what will happen then?
big if true
It is fucky today thoughGlad I'm not the only one