it's gonna recover righti didn't waste all of my money righti bought at $2400....
mom??
they're gonna pump it again right
kek kek kek top kek.Also troll
>it's gonna recover rightShould we tell him?
4382161
Fuck off, fudding corecuck.Pajeet nigger fuck.
I hope it recovers for you so you can drop your bagsthere are 2 groups of bch bagholders, poor guys who got scammed by the flippening visionand salty fuckers aggressively attacking everyone around >hurrr corecucks you evil bastards gimme your money back
It will get back there but you'll have to baghold for a few months
It likely will.
You'll have to wait though.
Anytime Bitcoin Core doesn't do shit to solve their scaling issues it is good for BCH.
This fight is far from over.>which is why I don't hold Bitcoin-anything and won't until this is concluded.
no you didnt
?i just want my money backi actually thought it was flipping......
HELP
still shilling bcash>unironically
Be honest.
You've said this since there start.
please recover pleas
Its not, its over, just sell at a loss now before you end up selling at an even bigger loss.
Aah, how I remember my first bch ""flippening"".
Don't make it a painful lesson, kiddo... cut your loss quickly.
Buy back when btc stalls again, which should happen in 8 to 12 weeks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyafFTPs85MBCH's ascension has only just begun.
Blockchain.info just announced full support.Expect a string of companies to issue the same statement in the coming days and weeks.
sell at next $1500+ (If it gets back up there, should have sold when it hit it 2 days ago) and cut your losses.
Thankfully I bought in at 600 and held but I held too long and sold at 1400 :/ it's been around 1200 for along time now, I think ti's going to be awhile before it goes back up.
I used to be like youBut then god himself bought my bags
yes, just hold it, trust me anon
you didnt sell at 0.4?
lmao why are you people so fucking greedy
i dont know why people are getting salty over people wanting to dump their bch bags, most were only riding the pump to accumulate more bitcoin and got fucked by it, most dont give a shit about the flippening