So it turns out that the "Dragon" being slayed is not Bitcoin but a new mining chip company being developed by a Core contributor and supported by the Dragon's Den slack group and Adam back.https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/bitcoin-developer-about-take-mining-hardware-industry/https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7es3ht/the_miner_from_the_dragons_den/?st=jabacdsf&sh=ab494ad2
so what does it means for BCH price ?I want to buy
BCH may pump and dump for a while, but this means that the Core side is going to start having mining power after Q1 of next year.
Bitmain is getting competition.So, if there is enough capital willing to bet on Core, then even with a flippening and mining shenanigans (freezing the network with difficulty adjustements, etc.
), such attacks may only be temporary until the various Core supporters can begin powering on miners not controlled by a chinese oligopoly.Mining centralization is a bigger problem than "muh cheap fees"; there needs to be competition.
YOU'VE GONE FULL RETARD!
DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT THE FUCK YOU'RE DOING?
Mining centralization is a bigger problem than "muh cheap fees"; there needs to be competition.Just finally kill off PoW
Mining centralization is a bigger problem than "muh cheap fees"; there needs to be competition.Read their Halong's website.
They are allowing other manufacturers (their own competition) to use their chips
>Core side is going to start having mining power after Q1 of next year.
That's too late.
BCH can kill BTC right after next difficulty adjustment if they want to.Hell, they probably have enough BTC to dump to kill it right now if they want to, but they likely want to play it safe.
Hell, they probably have enough BTC to dump to kill it right now if they want toYou know there's a bunch of BTC whales who probably also have a fuckton of BCH, right?
Walk me through it, assuming this is real and by all accounts, it's not.
What does it mean?
You're saying that BTC core folks now don't have to worry about miners being douches and fucking with BTC so BTC will be "immune" to BCH bullshit q1 2018?
You forget the huge number of people who haven't even split their BTC since the first fork yet?
These are the long, longtime HODLers who own thousands upon thousands of BTC.
If their investment is seriously threatened they'll swat Bcash like an annoying fly.
it's a platform for developing decentralized canine dildos