>tfw you were there during all the Bitcoin hype back in mid 2009, but due to a combination of youth, lack of initiative, shit laptop and limited tech savvy, you couldn't do anything while everyone else was mining thousands of BTC per day>tfw you missed out on that skyrocket coin and such a thing will never ever happen againWho else /could've been an early adopter but didn't and now poor/ here?
Will there ever be another bitcoin?
Will there be another Bitcoin?>BCH literally is another Bitcoin>Came out this year a few months ago>Was $300 just a few months ago>You would literally be 3 months into a new fucking coin and you are seeing it>YOU ARE SEEING A COIN THAT JUST CAME OUT 3 MONTHS AGO RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR FACE>People said it was a shitcoin at $300>People said it was a shitcoin at $600>People said it was a shitcoin at $1200>Now stable at $1200>Main reason people don't buy it now is because BTC hates it, but if you want to make a lot of profit, this is a golden opportunity>I don't give a shit if you get it or not, I'm just stating the obvious that THIS LITERALLY CAME OUT A FEW MONTHS AGO AND YOUR THREAD IS ABOUT "BEING THERE AT THAT TIME" LOL>It has growing adoption>What will happen next?
http:// boards.4chan.org/biz/thread/4490649This will happen next.And it will be fucking glorious.
What was the absolute starting price of BCH anyway?
I'm not arguing with you, i'm just tired of being poor and retarded with only $40 worth of bitcoin
buy linkseriously
....................both retards and non-retards are saying that it's a horrible idea.
But if it falls low enough, i guess it won't hurt to pick it up.Theme song to thread BTW https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOeKidp-iWo
The absolute starting price was $555, it dipped a lot during that time as BTC supporters were dumping it.
I could have bought some at $10-30 but I was more interested in looking at porn on /b/ because my internet access was extremely limited ironically due to poverty.
I could have mined hundreds.
Then again, I probably would have sold them sometime along the way so yeah.Hindsight is always 20/20 after all
I knew about it when it crashed.
I wrote it off as a failure and forgot about it for a few years.
Bought in this past June.
It dipped down to ~$160 at its absolute lowest but was hanging around 180-220 for like a couple weeks before heading up to surf at $300 for 3 months.I bought 10 at ~$200, all my money in on it.Now I have 10k USD how do I 100x it?
4496912BTG
bch will be 18000 in januarywe are the lowest it will ever be right now
BTG is a premined scam coin.
It will never be accepted by anyone.
The simple fact is it has no real support from any developers and is just a pump dump.In fact the fork was so badly handled people aren't dumping yet because they're afraid of losing their BTC in the process.
BTG will dump down to nothing soon.
Dont worry ardor will be 10-20 dollars in 2018
>Spent more than 5000 bitcoin on Silk road on weed and lsd>Some of it never even arrivedI want to fucking neck myself every day
Wait, 5000?
How much $ was that total at the time?
In the tens of thousands for sure...
>come to 4chan in 2004>start following all the political and leegun shit>start following deepweb and tor>start following raids>start following bitcoin>start following silkroad>never do anything but shitpost for 13 yearswhat a ride it's been
I honestly know this feeling.
I was too busy indulging in shitty porn and teenage angst.
feelsbad.
40 FUCKING MILLION DOLLARS OF WEEDHope it was worth it anon
when kraken made BCH trading available you could get it for as cheap as $150 if you were quick.
I bought in at $155 and sold my stack at around $300
I was there but I was doing a programming degree, I totally could have set up some mining at the time and been set for life.
I read the white paper.I decided at the time that it was unsustainable in the long term so it had no real world function but would be interesting for academic purposes.I was really surprised when the value got to a few quid, I almost mined using my university resources (estimated 2mill USD at today's price point) but decided the few grand it would give me was not worth risking my degree.I honestly could not see the value going up as it did during the first spike, I was pretty shocked and upset that I had lost considerably more than a few grand by not setting up the miners.I always considered 'bitcoin' as a prototype and simply expected a significantly revised version to replace it long before it gained actual traction.I did research into other coins and decided on some to invest based on their merit but everything just went wrong for me and now I have basically no money.So yeah in 2009 I could have fucked around on my computer for about an hour and I'd be rich right now, instead I'm the opposite.The lesson I learned is basically don't underestimate brand power, People trust the bitcoin brand so whatever holds that title will keep rising in value regardless of how terribly engineered it is.
Heard of Bitcoin fairly early on.
Thought it was good idea, but had no idea how to mine it.
Few years on I am following the climb.
I have money now and am torn between buying a few coins every month and spending money on clubbing and girls.
Continue spending money on pussy.Looking back now I'm not sure I would have done it different even though I could really do with being a millionaire now in my late 30's.
I always considered 'bitcoin' as a prototype and simply expected a significantly revised version to replace it long before it gained actual traction.Bitcoin Cash>The lesson I learned is basically don't underestimate brand power, People trust the bitcoin brand so whatever holds that title will keep rising in value regardless of how terribly engineered it is.Bitcoin CashThe answer to your post is Bitcoin Cash.
I'm not even joking.
One year from now, will you regret this moment a shit ton?
Depends on what you do.But think that this is what you did before:>So yeah in 2009 I could have fucked around on my computer for about an hour and I'd be rich right now, instead I'm the opposite.
tfw mined 20 btc with my 7970s>when it gained little traction sold them for 200 bucks >mfw the value now
I was going to buy it, but then my asshole friends told me it was a dumb idea.
Just like the cryptocurrency I was writing a few years later that would have been a combination of ethereum, chainlink, lisk, except before ethereum was even released.
I struggle with suicidal thoughts every waking moment .
>someone paid 10000 BTC for a pizza>countless people forgot all about their wallets each holding thousands of bitcoin>some completely lost the private keys to their walletsYou take a look at that list of biggest BTC wallets out there and you just cringe at how many of them belong to the early players who completely forgot about them
"Couldn't believe I missed it" in 2010 (2011 maybe?
)Got my first practice BTC (.0000 something) in 2013.Got sidetracked.Ignored crypto until 2017.And now here I am, trying to get into the game.
There is one difference, back in 2009 I could have literally fucked around for an hour or two without any actual investment.
Now the barrier point for entry is significantly higher.I don't think I'll regret not investing in bitcoin cash right now, I'd have to basically get myself in debt just to buy some so the risk far outweights the reward for me.From my point of view Bitcoin cash doesn't hold the official 'Bitcoin' name so it's long term returns are probably less cemented, one bad ding in its PR and it could die.
'Bitcoin' however is likely to just keep going up because it holds that official stand alone moniker, it'll have shaky days and weeks but one or two bad PR days aren't going to dent it really.
Companies will keep making elegant solutions to the problems it has and while they'll effectively destroy its entire decentralised purpose in the process it will keep the name so it will gain further adoption.
Will there ever be another bitcoin?Of course there will be.
The chances of you correctly guessing what it will be though are slim to none
BCH is not going to fucking die you dumbcunt it is quite literally the real bitcoin.
The market is completely fucking confused/ignorant of the fact at the moment but that will change inevitably.
I mined btc and had a decent amount.
But cashed out very early because I was too young to understand investments and just wanted to live fast die young.It is what it is.
If not I would have sold at $10, maybe $100, possibly even held to $1000 then killed myself after mtgox.
Bitcoin Cash>Significantly revisedIncreasing block size isn't the be all end all change deserving of dropping BTC you dummy.
There are alts better than both coins that exist already
There is no way you wouldn't have sold after Bitcoin hit $100
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDnuLmT6BMACOULD HAVE BEEN DIFFERENTCOULD HAVE BEEN DIFFERENT
I know, i've realized that much.
My best would have been to somehow mine 50,000 or so BTC and to lose and fortuitously find that laptop 8 years later in 2017 when BTC is at $8K
Just out of curiosity, is there a possibility that some coin, that either currently exists or will exist, could reach $8,000 per coin?
Or will BTC forever hold that mantle?
Note, this is not the time to shill your coin of choice, I'm just wondering if we could see "another BTC" in the future.
Also, I'm not sure why you're all bashing the Brit ITT when he's right.
Bitcoin is unique in that it had the easiest and most democratic start to all of these major cryptos.
All one would have needed to do back then was to keep their computer's running for a few days (heck, just a few hours during the first few weeks) to make what is now equivalent to $1M or more.We are lamenting the fact that in hindsight, bitcoin was basically free riches.
I can easily see BTC one day being replaced.
It's old and inefficient for the purpose is was originally built for.
I have reasons why I think it will be replaced, but going into it pretty much shills the coin I think could do it
someone sent me half a bitcoin for some trivial bs back in the day but that was 3 computers ago and I completely forgot about it until recentlyk that I can never access
Fire SquadJ.
Cole
swear im not trying to shill, but BAT seems like it could have a promising future, obviously nothing close to BTC, but maybe you can get in on it at the start
Right in the fucking feels OP
It stings badly and cuts deep.
someoneSo serious what could replace bitcoin?
Dash?
Litcoin Etherum?
XRP is what many are betting on.
Please stop shilling this, it's not going to happen.
I hate BTC as much as anyone but a fork of it, especially one involved in a shady PnD, isn't going to be what replaces it.
Somewhat similar story here.Read an article on Ethereum last March and this was the revised version that "made sense".
Bought at $20, needless to say no regrets.
easiest and most democratic startMost of the population doesn't own a proper computer.
Out of the minority that does, few are tech savvy enough to handle Bitcoin.
Out of these few, a smaller group who heard of it.Bitcoin was never democratic, it's closer to a meritocracy if anything.
Democracy is a piss-poor system for creating value anyway, it's only good as a name brand to abuse and make idiots feel like it's fair, justice being an important psychological motivation.
>You would have bought at $1 and sold at $2.
I think I mined for about 24h back in 2010.
Don’t even remember how much I made and of course I didn’t bother to keep my wallet info safe or anything.
It seemed pointless and I didn’t understand it so I quit.
Anyway, nobody knew what was going to happen.
I would’ve probably sold like 3,000 BTC for about $600 or less thinking I had made enough profit.
Actually I prefer it this way.
If I had been actively mining and had sold at a few cents each coin, I would feel like shit now.
Everyone has the same fucking story snowflake, stop thinking you are special.
>tfw was a young neet with no capital back then>convinced dad to buy 1 bitcoin around 400$>price slow-burns into the 300's for like a year, every day he would tell he wanted to sell it and id convince him not to>dad passes away shortly before it hits 600>forget about crypto while i sort my life out>that coin is still sitting in his coinbase account>could retrieve it with the probate papers but im not going toIron fucking hands dad.
Damn dudeHey at least your dad didn't kill himself I could've changed the course of my history if i invested in 2011 when i found out about it, now im scarred for life lmfao
weedfags BTFO
At least put it in a hardware or paper wallet for him...
Imagine if I it got lost because coinbase got hacked or w/e
>first time I heard about BTC was when that guy bought 2 pizzas for 10k btc>"wow, he probably mined several months just to buy lunch"I don't know who got more JUST'd.Him for paying $80+ million for some pizzas, or me for not researching BTC back then.
>try to sign up to sketchy exchanges to buy some butt coins in 2010-2011 ~$1 era>bank account won't work>paypal won't work>looked about as legitimate as a nigerian scam email>i'm outta here, maybe it wasn't worth it after all>gox blows up>haha i knew it was a scam all along, prices were kept up by bots what a joke
no ragrets
can we get your dad to join our PnD group?
i mined 10 dash per day back then and sold them instantlysold eth $JUST
4496849>Will there ever be another Bitcoin?Monero is the true bitcoin.
It's actually very obvious.
cringe.BCH promotional literature now scrapping FOMO for KOMO: Knowledge of Missing Out.
Will there ever be another bitcoin?No, but there will be an expansive government to take care of us after the entire global economy shits out its intestines and the world is plunged into holy war so no worries :p
Yup, highschool me saw a few keys with all the alphanumeric digits and all this secure encrypted blah blah jargon fucked me up senpai.
Otherwise I woulda been heavy in crypto (mostly due to Silk Road).
I wound up not gettin involved until 2015 but also had a shit ton of debt at that point, haven't been able to get heavy until the pst few months.
I've been watching and learning though, I'm ready for the future
wanted to start mining litecoin in 2013. shitty online hardware store fucked around and did not deliver.
took like 1 month to get my money back.
just was glad to have my money back and forget about crypto as a whole.mined some doge with my gtx back then though.
kek
eth