the land of pajeets

Hello
nice, just bought 100k
Top kek, thanks OP.
Not a fag for once.
Please deliver more pajeet conversations!
the real question is why the fuck are you wasting your time on fiverr in the first place?
hours sleepwew lad
just gonna keep posting a fewsome are worsesome are just retarded english
I seriously hate pajeets with a passion.
They are literally just above nigers.
They are all dumb as fuck and im not even a white guy.
Are you actually creating a coin for $5?
just erc20 tokens
 fiverr
Pajeet wants me to write him a smartcontract never did that, can someone help me out / where can i learn that?if i send X coins to this adress, i need it to automatically send X eth backdoes that work?
this is literally helli made 1.000.000.000 Tokens for this guy now he thinks he can just deposit them into etherdelta and people will buy them my fucking god
can you create a cryptocurrency for us?
why did you censor the link, I wanted to buy 100k
It's hard to imagine that these are real people.Like what did they would happen once they got their token?
those are some retarded pajeets you got there.
if i didnt actually write with him, i would think this review was botted
bizcoin pls
>spend $5 to make literally infinite moneyit's that easy
This is the best post I read here for a while hahaha keep them coming
Trying to help retarded fucking pajeetsJust make their worthless poocoins and leave them to scratch their head and wonder why they can't sell them for millions.
Can you cryptocurrency for Me?
How much?Also, gibs vagnea
i think the correlation between the quality of the internet and the fucking indian pajeets getting more and more access to it is the cause of all of thissolution ban all indian fucking IP adressesi love to troll them tho when they call me and say "ello dis is microsoft"
U cheeky German
how it setsoh fuck my sides anon
Why are you making ERC20 tokens for $5?
You can literally make that in 10 seconds on an exchange with high volume and a few thousand bucks
Is that the plushie fag?
it's plushie anonlolalso why are you doing this shit for 5 bucks
Thanks ill dox this faggot.
Im going to his house and ask his mother and father for my money back.Bet this little fucker is scared as fuck
Dude, you forgot to add this to your bio in Fiverr"I almost got kicked out and had to shill for donations in the form of shitcoins (scratch that, put internet money in case of normies) at a basket weaving forum to make ends meet.
smart contracts are open source mate, just copy any other token out thereor copy LINKkek
do whatever the hell you want,hans.
All the best increasing your 5K net worth (i saw your post the other day with your net worth you cheeky cunt).
G'luck
Rip OP
Lmaoooo
>thinking some bags you guys holding were made this way
PLUSHTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARD
its the plush faggot scammer WERE COMING FOR YOU HANS BETTER WATCH OUT
Let's kill this whiteboy nigga
this smarmy faggot looks exactly like I pictured himYOUR SCAM TIME IS OVER COCKSUCKER
Sirs you have scam me.
When I find you I will shave the rest of your eyebrows off and you'll never mate again
Hey op here; yes im plushtard ; but i told everyone yesterday to contact me on my mail because i would send it back,?The thread was up like 12 hours
op why you even care ?
those cunts are just some broke pajeets.
nothing to worry about
I know that, but there is still some dmg this can causei am currently looking for the thread i made yesterday so noone can say i only refund now that im doxxed
KekPretty sure this is how link was created
https://warosu.org/biz/thread/S4416160#p4417390said it quite a few times in that thread, just contact me (if you lost money you have my mail.)
Fiverr, pajeets and crypto would make a great premise for a Nathan For You episode
lmfao