Get in before its too late; this is like WTC but without asian meme (swiss team).Currently trading at $2, hasn’t mooned yet but bound to moon within the next two weeks.
Hasn't mooned yetLOLGet in on NULS if you want a new moon mission.
Fuck this shit coin
Give it up
It's funny how burgers make fun of chinks but they love their shitcoins look at nuls, it's just a fucking website people don't ever care if there's a wallet for it.
I threw a bit of money into Modum OP, it has potential to reach +150mil marketcap and their product will save milllions to multi-billion dollar corporations
MOON ALREADY DAMN YOU.LEGIT AF PROJECT WHY NO MOON YETMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
poo in the loo pajeet detected he needs to dump his bags LOL
actual use case, legit team and credentials, low coin cap, huge potential for growth.
Doesnt sound like crypto.
Probably some huge flaw im not spotting but just threw some change at it anyway
I'm already at 2x profit but I want 4x profit brah I'm greedy af
undervalued af
I don't get what's going on, yes this coin is getting a nice and comfy growth so holding is nice, but it's quite slow compared to how 40M marketcap is low for a project that is 2 years ahead walton or ambrosus who have way higher caps.I think crypto investors are too young or inexperienced so don't know that dividends is actually the best way to have the team want to push the price up.
We have a community that really believes in the coin's future but is silent and don't take enough time shilling it I guess.Look at NULS, it's also at 40M cap, but it's a project with dozens of competitors, nothing but a website that isn't even finished and needs crypto adoption.
But you see threads going to 300 replies and shills everywhere that's crazy.Modum is to complicated to understand for the cryptopajeet.
I’m staring at this thinking wtf why hasn’t this mooned 20x already?I think the market is just wrong on this one.
I felt the same way when I was holding $4 litecoin while bitcoin was taking off thinking to myself “are you people stupid?
Obviously this thing is about to soar!” Sometimes the market hasn’t figured it out yet, just a matter of time.
Great opportunity imo
I will start selling at 120M cap, so 3x from here, it can go higher with fomo and speculation but will correct to 150M max.If Novartis comes into play then it's another thing of course.
The ONLY reason this hasn’t mooned yet is because the coin is new and hasn’t been marketed yet.
Right now it is only on binance, and not well known (other than here on 4chan).
This is the comfiest hold ever for me, because i am so sure it will go up.Take this fucking rare opportunity to buy low /biz/ or regret later.
People on /biz/ were shitting all over WTC and fudding it when it was below 0,50$.
Modum's research shows clients are willing to pay $10 per shipment to change to their product to avoid these costs.If Modum captures just 1% of these shipments, that's $20 million of revenue.
10% = $200 million.
Based on the cost savings to the customer, I see far wider adoption.
Please stop shilling this, I am still accumulating faggots
THIS
Just threw 10k at this, lets see what happens.
You know what's the next moon mission?NULS.The next moon mission after NEO and WTC.
4262441lol
more like luls
4263059Let's see who'll have the last laugh after NULS' white paper is released in 2 hours.
like seriously?
i would put my money in a company because they released a whitepaper?
hahahahahahahah
The pharmaceutical industry in Switzerland directly and indirectly employs about 135,000 people.
[1] It contributes to 5.7% of the gross domestic product of Switzerland and contributes to 30% of the country's exports.What do you need more.
This coin gonna glow up one day, wait for marketing.
;)
Does Modum has it own blockchain or is it ERC-20?
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
It doesn't need a blockchain.They use Iota for their product, but are working to be chain agnostic.They use ETH smart contracts for the dividends.