I think the consensus among the autists in this board is that this is a sure fire moon mission.
Worst case is that it will moon only in Q2 2018 but will moon nonetheless once main net is launched.
>moon on mainnet launch>dump since no one has developed contracts using CL>steady climb after that as adoption occursI'm not buing in for a good long while even though I believe in the concept
dump since no one has developed contracts using CLArent Confido and Request Network in contact with the LINK team already?
why did you steal that image you fuck
They're already committed to using it as their oracle.
Same as Factom, who they've been working with since 2016.
Judging from Rory's "main net launch will turn talks to partnerships" I'm getting the impression that a successful launch of the main net could be followed in short order by some absolutely monster announcements.
Imagine if BNP Paribas said they were using the ChainLink network for, well, anything.
$2 trillion dollars in assets and they've already got their eye on LINK.
Everything is just hinging on a successful launch.
Rory said they are pushing for it to launch earlier this 2018 right?
I remember seeing it on slack but he says there is no exact date.
Not enough to support the current valuation imo.
Project is awesome but needs to see big "revenue" or at least a good chance of big revenue since oracle use is going to be relatively cheap.
Maybe if request becomes huge or some massive partnerships.
Not enough to support the current valuation imoIf LINK is overpriced at its current price doesnt that mean majority of the coins above its current marketcap are overvalued too?
Especially coins like NEO and LISK imo
For the network to get legs you need a lot of nodes running.
I don't know what figure they would have set for their launch, but you know it would have to substantial.
I'm not holding my breath for a date any time soon because I know they have one shot, one opportunity to make it work.Stuff like Request is going to be trivial in regards to ChainLink's overall success.
They're just early adopters.I would say a "good chance of big revenue" would be indicated by the multi-trillion dollar organisations that supplied them data for the SIBOS PoC.
Fuck I need even more Link.