Alright Lads, help me obtain peace of mind without FUD and sour memes.I have 50K LINK right now.
If I hold for the next 3-5 Years, I mean cryogenic storage no day trading or panic selling.
Will I make it?I want to have at least 5 Mil after taxes.
What will LINK be at in 3yrs?
5yrs?
Love u Fagz
LINK will be over $100 in 5 years.
Should go higher to even out your taxes.
You're definitely gonna make it, anon.
I'm just a 5k linklet but I bought the bottom at least.
and now people want the link shirts
Wat?LINK has actually pumped lately.
The volume is back to normal though, so it is likely to tank back.Is that an investor buying in?
Are we going to see any fresh announcements soon?
God Bless if it does.
Forst rounds on me in Hyrule fellow LINKbro.
Can someone send me 10 link, please?Im a third world country poorfag.0x1fabcc78b24350247680abc267247ec627410f4c
What's everyone planning on investing in and then buying after they make it?
Double dubs
If I make it because of this coin, I'm engraving Sergey's name on my gold plated toilet.
FOLLOWED BY TRIPS!
LINK DESTINED TO MOON.
4253355it has been done
Brigadier holder here at 156K.
Lets get this fucking delayed party started...
Rock and Roll sir!
Where can I safely store link coins?
Eth wallet
I feel so pathetic with k link62k here, can i retire in 2 years?
I'm looking for ways to get 100k
That 50% pump on link turned into 25% real fast.
Rippppppppppppppppp
I mean that's pretty solid if it hits $150 bux/ LINK you'll be at 9.3 mil
yeah but $150 would require a market cap close to bitcoin which I dont think is very likely
 jackpotWe just can't stop winning
Link will hit 1$ this yearPurple ID starting with QR confirms
You ask for no FUD and you get bagholders tripping over eachother to suck eachothers cocks.
Fact is while it IS a good project, Sergey should have more devs and work with a sense of urgency.
There are so many teams and projects out there and some that can knock Chainlink on its ass if they beat him with a product.
3-5 years??
The crypto landscape can be wildly different in 3-5 months.
Shit imma buy a switch and Zelda with these gainz.
Lol stop with this tom foolery you faggot
i am 12 years old and what is this?
Sergey is making connections and partnerships behind the scenes>Therefore he is shit for not walking around with a skateboard and creating rumors by standing infront of signsThe fact that some multi billion dollar company out of fucking nowhere tweeted about how great Chainlink is should give you pause about calling Sergey someone not doing his job.
He is doing it.
He just isn't catering to peoples need for hype and they hate him for it.
But realistically could it hit Bitcoin's market cap?
I mean they said ETH would never be 100 bux either...
Only in a world where bitcoin has already gone 3X or more it's current cap.
When the market cap of crypto is 3 Trillion then Link having a 200B Market cap seems a lot less crazy.
Unless it replaces bitcoin hell no
That would be quite the feet but we all know it to be true.
indian sewers, shit.
K E KEK
quite the feetNice Freudian slip
yes, trillion dollar mcaps are coming.
Also I agree about the crypto scene.
I'd be willing to gamble in 5 years there will be trillions flowing into crypto.
42550974255139STOP I'M NOT READY
oops
Damn it I want real logical estimations if I'm gonna make it ya clowns!
this is your Captain speaking, WE ARE ALL GONNA MAKE IT
It's so obvious that it's almost boring
But will it hit $300/ LINK in 5 years ya bloody Pikers?
Bumpity Bump
$50 EOY
without marketing:$0.3 EOY$2 mid2018$10 mid2019$100 mid2020with marketing:$1 EOY$20 mid2018$50 mid2019$100 mid2020either way the rent is free
I have an erection so massive I can hardly type.
I second that erection.
Bitcoins current marketcap is barely a fraction of what it will be in 5 years
Too bad BTC is useless since it takes 2 fucking hours per transaction.
If i put 5k of my savings and held whatbwould u say my return would beAnd how do i buy it Fucking clueless cunt
I only have 200 Linkies... will i make it :(
MAXIMUM BONER
Astral bump
lol, if you actually think link will be worth something in five years I feel bad for you...
This FUDing no Linkie...
private here, we will be able to afford a shitty house with furniture but can a neet really complain?
0.65 BTC21,000 LINK1,000 REQ1,000 ConfidoWIMI, lads?
Were all gonna make it yo!
why the fuck isn't that btc more link, soldier
How in the fuck
Link marines are so admirable in a sad way.
They hold and hold no matter how justed.
Kinda makes me want to buy in myself.
the JUSTed, the ones who bought 30 cent+ have already cut their losses and fucked off.
we are the early buyers / ICO / presale smart money.
tfw I early bought and then FOMO bought a lot more at 30cents and then FOMO bought more at the stabilized 17 cents a few days agoOverall I'm down but I'm still dick hard on CL
Again $300 per LINK when?
yeah you're good.
keep averaging down
Dubz demand answers
admirable in a sad way.It's called pitiful you fucking retard
That's not the word im looking for, pity isnt admirable.
He's a traitor
Those eyes 
why do people smoke serious question
TRAITORS BE DAMNED!
Late idiot here, still HODLing.
Thinking of picking up a few more LINK when it gets low again, then maybe swing trading and hoping I don't get JUSTed.
Christ, you fuckers are really deludedIt will never go back to $0.40 again
begone Cuckimus Maximus
More like retarded baghodlerYou idiots lost money just like me if you didn't buy at presale
Sitting stackrd at 50K presale.
Shpuld I buy another 50K or just wait 7 years till $250 per LINK?
They're not gonna be a half-eaten sandwich.
Ever.
You Linktards are thick as a brick.
Too little too late.
List Han Cucklo, that doesn't even make a sense wut u just typed.
if everybody on 4chan holds for 5 yearsyou'll make itthese fucktwats will sell at a loss though and it will never go anywhere.
if you don't sell, the bots have slightly less sell pressure than buy.
the buys would outweigh over time.
the exchanges are accumulating lol
First of all, you meant to say "pity isn't admiration".
I'll give you the 5 minutes you need to think about why that's correct.Secondly, that's pretty much the closest word to what you described.
I'd love to hear you produce a word that better describes "admirable in a sad way".
Kek make that 1 to 2 years.
Kek magic in action>Link is blessed
teach me your skills, master
Q3 2018
Link is not immediately dumping back to 0.16$?
What is wrong guys?
Sounds suspicious.
years is a long time..
YOOOO WHAT THE FUCK

Yo Neet's, check this out If I am purple and have 7, LINK will reach a 7 by EOY.If it has only single Vowel, Money belly will replace a Skelly

wuut
4255097Don't listen to false prophets, pic related