The Confido team just decided to lock their tokens indefinitely, reducing the total token supply by 30%.
Buy now or be left behind
holy shit, the gift that keeps on giving
Blast off!!!!
And STILL only $8m marketcap.
Comfy times man.
more than enough for a whitepaper
We'd all be rich if every ICO was as based as these dudes
Comfydo bags and 100x gains will come, but only if you post in this thread with a "Thanks Based Joost"
These guys have completely rewritten the ICO game.
Sleeping through the ICO is going to haunt me forever
nah man serious gains are still to be made if you bought after ico
Thanks Based JoostGib 100x gains nao
this coin is awesome lol are you fucking kidding me
fuck i love this coineven though i missed the ico (which i whitelisted for, was just too lazy to buy) i’m still able to reap profits after buying at 15x
Fuck, I should have bought the dip last night
Isn’t this way too late to buy into?
Why the hell is there so much shilling for this
Because this entire thread has 3 posters, you, me and Pajeet
Its only at 90cents right now with an 8 million market cap.plenty of room to grow.
Why the hell would this go to $9?
People here are talking about 10x gains after all
Seriously?
It’s like $8m marketcap.
If it goes up 400% it’s only reached the hard cap of most ICOs.
i believe we are the only ones here not being paid shills.
At least the Link shills are truly deluded and shill their shitcoin with religious fervor.
But the confido fags dont even have meme magic.
Nice, i'll try to get in on the next dip.
"That's The Comfydo Difference!"
i would say 25-30 million market cap is possible.
Set a buy order a bit below where it is now but idk if it will fill
this shitcoin got more than what it deserve for whitepaper and two api's.
who ever shilling now are their bags ready to drop on others.
Preach brother.People are delusional.
They want this to reach 30 mil cap like a "normal" ico.But they forget, that this thing after locking their tokens only has 400k funding.Good luck running a 30 million worth project on 400k