How do I turn this into a fortune?I want to live in the tropics.
You add to it biweekly from your paycheck for 40 years.
Join all legit p&d group chats and ride the pump waves sell hig and low you can make it 100x in a month with some luck
Nice, what exchange should I use?
SameTeach us how to become rich /biz/
4483041HAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Buy GVT
Biz can teach you how to turn that $123 into $1.23 with their shitcoin shilling.
Is DVA a legit group?
What else?
You guys need 5-10k min to make it at this point.
The days of making 100 to million is over.
Sorry boys.
Get a job.
Put the money in crypto.
Bqx and nulls
I'm a student and I have no time left for a job what am I supposed to do?
dont join pnd, you are just going to carry bags.
qsp while it's still fresh
Guys I really need some clear options here.
I don't want to be an unhappy wagie, I want to live in the tropics, buy a Tesla, have enough money to have a goldstein invest it for me, buy flagship smartphones every year and travel business class three times a year (and buy a two year Mars ticket when I'm older.
)Put your heads together and let's find a way to get me rich off my 1 LTC and 0.003 BTC.
I have only ever saw this group.
Anyone knows any other large groups besides this one?
Iexec / LINK and add more every check until they reach $650M.
farm gold on private vanilla wow servers to get $500 then invest $300 wise and trade short term with $200
Put your heads together and let's find a way to get me rich
I have tried it two years ago on few popular games (not on wow), but the bot detection + marginal gains (because to many chinese factories are doing the same) makes it barely profitable.
Like 3/4 dollars an hour, wasn't worth it.Don't know if WOW is different though.
I already live in tropics
guaranteed way to get rich, we hacked the system
What do you study which does not give you time for 10-20 hours a week of work?
You should buy more TRX.
Get a job.
Freshman year in engineering
LOOOOOL it's an airdrop from Binance buy it yourself
Fuck off you lazy piece of shit.There's 168 hours in a week.
56 hours of sleep is more than enough, that leaves 112.
You can't tell me you spend 112 hours on studying.
I told you about qsp, OP.
You didn't listen.
Okay, I can symphatize with you.Check this coin called Confido.
It's a bit hard to get, but it's in a nice dip and propably will do a 10x soon.
With a stash as small as yours I suggest you go all in.Not much but it'll help in future moon missions.
HAHhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Fake and gay inspect element.
rofl this one got me
Dude, he already got nothing why are you so mad you want him to loss everything
Teach me to become rich
I'm a student who double majors and still manages to have a (shitty) job by starting at 6am during weekends.
Get off the high horse and get to work
Stick it all in on ETP and wait for it to moon,Look for other promising new coins/tokens after it moons and then repeat.
Trade, all your holding is already mooned
Op, take a look at Vechain.
Huge partnerships, low marketcap and big things planned for 2018.
DELET, I'M NOT DONE ACCUMULATING REEEE
Go for POWR as soon as it dips a little.Also GVT.
DVA is a fucking pajeet scam lol
4483114All "pump groups" are Pajeet scams—that's how they work.
Want to make money that way?
Get 5 friends together and make a private group, then make a second "pump group" who you dump on.
Best post
The last buyers are even fucked
Some of them are legit.
You don't find them for free on biz though
Some of them are legit.
You don't find them for free on biz thoughprivate groups.
Exactly
>I want to live in the tropicsJust give me a green card/blue card and I'll give you my house and my wife.
I'm in a similar position.
I'm looking for those etherdelta hidden gems that might 5x-10x.
Get a job, put some money every week into your trading account, learn how to trade, try to make at least 1% a day gains on your trading (not just the value that the market adds to your coins) win more than you lose, become a real trader...
Become a man!
>was in the same position as OP>bought POWR and sold it at 2.5xHardly made it, but one step forward.
IOP (not a super low mcap but low nonetheless) is a low mcap coin that is getting news soon, might do a nice 3-4x.
Also the most important thing I've seen so far is to not listen to /biz/ bagholders, I may have sold POWR right before a bear trap but I don't care, I'm out with my 2.5x gain and it's secured, now I have more money to invest in other coins and repeat.
Fuck bagholding, even if I wanted to stay in POWR, I could just have bought the dip again and I'd be in with more than I was before I sold.
Just HODL.
he doesn't know
IOP (not a super low mcap but low nonetheless) is a low mcap coin that is getting news soon, might do a nice 3-4x.
Also the most important thing I've seen so far is to not listen to /biz/ bagholders, I may have sold POWR right before a bear trap but I don't care, I'm out with my 2.5x gain and it's secured, now I have more money to invest in other coins and repeat.
Fuck bagholding, even if I wanted to stay in POWR, I could just have bought the dip again and I'd be in with more than I was before I sold.This, 100%.
Alternatively, sell half of your stack when you're up +100% and hold until a target price.
When it goes parabolic at the end of a huge week-long run like it did yesterday, dump.
Simple.
IM BACK, FAGGOTS.WHAT DO YOU GOT COOKIN?
CAN YOU SMELL THE PROFITS.
ANY FAGGOTS SAYING IM NOT THE REAL GUY CHECK THE TIME STAMP HOMO.Plebs ASK ME ANYTHING.
What's your secret my dude?
I want my house in the caribbean.
x long it and win repeatedly.
This is actually a sound advice lol, do it on a new server without chinks
What would you suggest doing with the 10K?
I have some money to invest.
Timestamp my ass any person with a good brain can fake a picturePROOF ; 1HsExkSx747Rp5QtGnvoUM9FdHVWa4j7z8