you bought the dip, right?
Holy shit did it hit 996?
That's fucking patheticAnd volume is even lower than beforeKill yourself
.1If it ever actually hit that point BCH would be dead in the water
>implying he's dumb enough to buy it all at once.He'd slowly increase the price over a few hours to make it look like organic growth so that everyone would jump on board 'muh real bitcoin'
10k BTC buy wall, wow.
hoooooooly shitNOTICE ME VER
This shit is done for now.
Will buy at $500 and hold until next chink pnd
The coin lost over 100% of its value in 12 hours and you guys still fucking stupid enough to catch this knife.There's no actual resistance or tested floor until you get to 0.05 range, it's going nowhere but down until more market manipulation props it back up again
over 100%>tfw you could have bought it at 0 and infinited your money
yikes
lost over 100% of its valuethe average /biz/raeli everyone
more like the average pajeet core shill
Hahahaha
HAHHAHA
Oh hey there Roger.
this is crypto.everything can happen.
Current price is $1241If that increased by 100% what price would that be?
Still less than ATHReally wasn't that complicated to work out what i was saying.
not even 2k
While this chink coin cash may be a fucking asshole nigger dumpy sucky suck, it doesn't change the fact that you can ride these waves cautiously and still make some fucking dollario-skee-doos!
ooh wee
Is it confirmed that the price will jump to 0.4?
yes it is confirmed
fucking brainlet
I understood you anon,The cash cucks are just salty and think roger propping their shitcoin up from sinking will actually lead to their coin being adopted kek
if he's that confident why not just set the wall at 0.2, obviously still scared lol
lost over 100% of its valuehmmm not sure if thats right bud
someone sounds scared alright, lil corecuck
The floor is clearly .09, but otherwise, yeah
I don't think this gonna work out...
Fucking Chinks, they were wainting for us to go to sleep or to work.
Why would you set it at .2 when there's legions of retards that will sell into his wall.
Actually I don't hold either bitcoin right now because either would be a gamble.
Have you considered that if BCH does become the main chain all the normies who bought from the 5-7.8k run will be left with 10% of their investment.All the news outlets and anti-crypto figures will come out all at once.
So now there is 10k on Bittrex and 25k on Bitfinex, he moved the last 10k just earlier https://blockchain.info/address/18QVBpn5MhmepDL1yrm6Ya85hbs5gzSjid
that would just be icing on the cake, send the crypto market into a bear market for a year or so and give us all more time to accumulate
lost over 100% of its valueare you telling me im in debt from holding bch?
Here is another one of his addresses https://blockchain.info/address/12tT4cSjRRsncwwv1YUKnbXuouaMfT5DnN you can see the coins have been in there since 2014.
He is gone.. dump this fucking pos while you can negros.
HES BUYING MEME COINSSTRAP IN ALT HOLDERS YYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
EVERYTHING HE'S GOT, STRAIGHT INTA DIGIBYTE!
The coin lost over 100% of its value in 12 hours and you guys still fucking stupid>you guys still fucking stupid
its back up already
what games are they playing with my greedy heart
He's pushing the BCH price down so he can wipe out the weak hands first, good play IMO.
spot on anon
4336197or maybe he is choking the life outta this shit
I've been watching the markets for a few hours now and I'm convinced this is the case, a massive wall will go up and disappear seemingly randomly, but I'm sure they have a gameplan
well.. i as much as i would like to cash out on the upcoming pump (hopefully/maybe), i gotta bounce.
What would be a good price to set for a sell order so I don't get justed?
I bought in at 1230 btw.
no they would have 0% of their investment.
People who bought at/after 5k didn't get any bch.
Sorry that's what I meant, those normies will be left with bitcoin core which, if BCH replaces, will fall to 10% of the price they bought it at.
just check back a couple hours before the upgrade, that's when shit should get good
upgrade ETA?also will there be free coins?
Fucking shills like you should get banned/public shamed/doxedTHIS BCH SHIT IS DEAD, SELL NOW AND CUT LOSSES, THESE PAID SHILLS ARE HERE TO SCAMM YOU AND STEAK YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY GUYSFAUCKING NIGGER
Roger Ver is only relevant because he invested on BTC early.
That's literally it.That could have been me, that could have been us dammit
cant believe someone as naive as this exists
How can I hack bittrex accounts?
i don't know?
can you?
It makes sense...Those bots buying up the dumps are accumulating and all that BCH is effectively going out of play.
They're bleeding out the whales
4336219This is believeable, I was going to cut my short bag my greedy ass has at $5500 BTC so I could swing trade (Had a chance to sell that shit today but I was a fool now I've missed a day of trading as punishment), but I might just HODL it because I believe BTC will tank to $4700 or sub $5000, I get that feeling there's still a GREAT DUMP around the corner.Kinda like a massive kick to the balls on BTC to get this shit down LOW.Whale: "You think those 2 "dips" were dip?
hahaha, you haven't seen what I AM CAPABLE OF"Whale: "FEAR ME, LOOK WHAT I SINGLE HANDEDLY DID TO YOUR SHIT COIN, BOW BEFORE ME WOJAKS.
"If I had ALL THE FUCKING MONEY in the world, or MILLIONS, I would be doing that shit, because what the fuck else are you going to do with all that money?, why not be a CUNT and tank BTC then get on the news and leave people in dis belief.People aren't hurting yet, I mean, tanking it to $4700 would be INSANE, even $3500.I would want to see how far I can push BCC, past $2700 was good, but making it 5k for a short time?
people will be talking about that shit for YEARS.
Been hearing the same thing with DGB at 1900 satoshi lol
I get the feeling we saw a taste of that whales 'power' boosting BCC to $2700.People are watching BTC now since that spike, what a better way to get famous than to show a bit of power twice.The date might be tonight, might be tomorrow but It'll be soon, because all eyes are on this shit now and people will see it, I get that feeling.I have a good 6th sense, something seams damn "off" about this whole thing, BTC is ping/ponging between 6k - 6.4k.If I was a whale I would buy up BCC, let BTC tank to $4000 or what ever, and then buy it up when it's low again boosting it back up and make a fucking fortune.Not only a fortune, have everyone watch you make it too, seriously, that whale that brough all those BCC's is going to sell them at a profit, and that could have been just a small amount.
he doesn't know what spoofing is
Keep dreaming champ, you're overly emotional about your shitcoin and it's going to lose you a lot of money.If you believe a $10-20 Billion dollar coin is just going to disappear because it makes you made you need to reassess your position.Bitcoin Cash is bitcoin.
If BTC wasn't a kiked shitcoin I would absolutely invest money into it but it is.
mad* not madethis applies to you two retards as well4336338
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLALL HAIL THE KING, THE REAL BITCOIN