100$ to whoever helps meI have 10k in btc right now and I don't know what to do next.
Should I hodl or get alts?
Which?had 12k before drop and btc still going down
Hodl, buy some Neo & powr
Buy a coin that hasn't pumped yet, like BCH.
buy bitcoin cash right now, the flippening it habbening
Buy SALT while it's down.
You should buy 3 BTC more form me, at last weeks price... then laugh at me when it hits 10k next month :)Standing by to trade!
Split some into BCH, China is going all in on it through the Korean exchanges.
Hedge your bets and wait for BTC/BCH to win.
Going all in on one now is foolish.You shoulda hodl'd BTC before the fork so you would have gotten your BCH free.
Go in to Monero and ETH maybe add some NEOKeep 33% BTC
When did you buy BTC?
It's gonna come back.
Throw some into REQ and RCN, and LINK if you dare
% BTC25% REQ25% LINK
dump it and get into helium, there is only a 25-30 year supply of it left on earth
Nigger.
Stop worrying about your portfolios USD value.
If you want to make it in crypto and trading in general you need to focus on one form of currency.
I'd suggest sticking with BTC as your bank or if you are unsure about BTC, look into ETH, XMR, LTC or whatever other fucking currency you prefer.
Keep 60% of your assets liquid in said currency.
A POS coin is not a bad idea as it offers returns and can have great growth potential.Trade against your bank coin when you see possible investment opportunities but don't touch more than 40% of your total holding.
Splitting up 10% into 4 other coins is not a bad idea.
Looks like its pumping atm
Do you have a source?
For research purposes of course.
If you are not in it for the long run -> there is a big chance BTC will go to the 10k area.
If you want to be totally sure: get out.
Unless you bought at the fucking top you must have made some profit, take it.If you are in it for the long run -> stop worrying about USD value and worry about get more BTC instead, in a few years time BTC might just hit 100k.
My thoughts: BTC's bull run isn't over yet, I would suggest buying alts in the next few weeks.
Most alts have hit all time lows, and are still very fucking low.
When BTC drops and all the alts pump expect some big pumps.