WHY IS LINK DOWN TO 2800 SATS
Hehe is this your first rodeo, son?
choosing fundamental analysis over technical analysiskek.
fundamental just tells you what to accumulate, TA tells you how
Some of the low ranks requested another opportunity for promotion.
Volume is dropping a lot since yesterday, and now bitcoin is dipping.
Smart money is selling LINK now to buy back in later when it's lower.
this is 100% truebut if you just wait 2 months, then it doesn't matter anyway.
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!I WAS SUPPOSED TO MAKE IT!
buy 10k, price increases by 10x>buk 10k, play on wolf of wallstreet mode and bring stack up to 100k, price increases 10xIt matters.
Le hoddle and "you won't beat the market aka 8% hurdur!!!1!"
only applies to le stock market.
because the weakhands who bought too high, are leaving at their buy in price, this is going to happen until 0.50 at least, looking forward to the fomo once this goes parabolic
smart money never touched this shitcoin to begin with
t. Guy who has not increased his stack through day trading but pretends to
Hello newfag.
You missed the presale /ICO i assume?
yeah, okayi can confidently say that nobody has 10xd a stack through daytrading in the timespan that LINK has existed.If people daytraded absolutely perfectly, they may have been able to 3x their stack.Other than that, it's playing with fire now, once real news drops theres no 20 cents ever again.
I was here way before LINK was the shitcoin of the day and I will still be here long after the linktards have offed themselves once they realize how useless this shitcoin is
I hovered my fingers over the sell button at .22 cents last night, but didn't do it.
Fucking Chainlink.
Just ignore it and buy more on these dips.
It'll be worth it.
All it takes is about 13 trades where you make 20% each time ^^Keep in mind whale samas dumped at 20cents and bought back in at 12 cents in the first few days, and kept repeatedly dumping at 50 cents and buying in at least 40 cents or under a handful of time as well (at least someone out there with a fat stack did this 4 times I bet, and they probably bought in waaaay lower considering where we're at now)shit's volatile yo.
If you can perfectly trade 20% increase 13 times in a row, then your talents are being wasted on crypto
4282909These fucking memes crack me up.
Why is it that the FUD memes are actually pretty hilarious, but the pro-LINK memes are gay as fuck?>muh smug zelda link>muh free rent r*ddit sloganIs meme magic a good thing to base your investments on?
Because it looks like the meme magic sides with the FUD
Because it's easier to be funny while shitting on something than praising it.
Regardless the meme volume is important.
basing your investments on shills, fud or memes
so you can get it at a better price before it goes up dramatically
So you have the original?
WISEISE
It's because the funniest shit is always shit that makes fun of people you idiot.That's why FUD memes are funny
might be time for me to become a Major
those LINK bags are getting heavy, huh?
It doesn't matter about petty swings here and thereIf you just hold you will get your moon mission that will make these swings irrelevant.
Thing is, no one knows when this is going to happen so it's best to just stick it outPic related
please go down to 2500satsi need more!