What does biz in general favor more, BCH or BTC?
It seems like a lot of bch shills have came out of nowhere, but maybe it's just because bch is relevant again.
BCH will take over bitcoin when the flippening happens.core cucks on suicide watch
I FUCKING HATE BCH WHINY BITCHES THEY DONT KNOW WHAT KING LOOKS LIKEWE HAVE A KING BITCHES YOU HAVE TRASHI cannot believe how dumb these fuckers are.
I'm gonna buy more BTC right now just to piss them off.
Im all for both BTC and BCH to go up, but I personally am in on BCH cause its faster for me and it works on the websites I trade on.
History sides with BTC.But BCH is a serious threat.
It's straight up more profitable to mine right now.I hold both.
BCH faggots are just more vocal because they are feeling pretty screwed after buying in around 2000usd.
Besides, the “flippening” wouldn’t be good for anyone except Roger Ver and retarded BCH maximalists.
i hope the flippening occurs and that the disgusting corecucks all fuckign kill themselves
Holy shit look at that buy wall of 0.1btc...BCH is totally fucked!
>muh coffee
BCH, but both will continue to rise.
BCH will catch up to BTC a bit, so it's better right now.
There was a poll the other day, bch won out.
This is a bitcoin cash board, corecuck redditors need to fucking go back.
Believing bcash real value is 20% of bitcoin is so delusional.
Well that's /biz...
Were were about to settle at $8k until BCH fucked everything up,I don’t think that increasing the blocksize is adequate for scaling bitcoin ,I have no worries about the “flippening” though because it will never happen and the only purpose it will serve is to strengthen bitcoin from such attacks in the future.
muh kingYou really were born to be a slave weren't you.
Let me guess, you like dogs and hate cats, right?
as much as you will hate this answer, BTC is the future buddy
dont pick sides - make money
Yeah, in reality btc is at most 20% of bch.
Go back to plebbit you fucking nigger
BTC is a complete shitcoin and subverted by kikes, it goes against the entire purpose of crypto in favor of being another gold.
It does nothing that gold doesn't do.
4373960I am so glad I bought into Bitcoinplus instead of these dank meme retards
Cringe
To be honest I agree more with BCHs philosophy but I don't want it to win because if something dethrones the coin with the BTC ticker/branding all crpyto is going to crash when normies realize what happened to them.
The hostile bcrash faggots are all bagholders who bought in at .3> sats
the lightning network is the fucking future.
I think BTC / Core’s reasoning for keeping a smaller block size is perfectly sound.But I also think that proposing a virtual currency that has much higher tx throughput / usability than Bitcoin is absolutely reasonable.Only in regards to BCH specifically there’s questionable points:- There’s better scaling tech available than "Bitcoin with increased block size" these days.- Why the hell do its supporters have to be hellbent on destroying the SegWit chain?I suspect that, as others have pointed out, BCH’s whole value proposition is "get into Bitcoin when it still was cheaper", plus, presumably, "fuck Core devs.
"In the current market that’s apparently a fine position (enough for #3), but in a vacuum I doubt BCH would gain much attention.
There is no legit reason for keeping 1mb blocks.
They are only doing it to force ppl onto their shit sidechains.
I cant believe people buy the bullshit these core retards are putting out.
They come from r/btc.
They sold all their BTC at around 4000-5000 thinking that was the high.
Now they feel stupid and praying for a BCH pump and BTC drop is all they have left.
They are pathetic.
There's /biz/ and there's Rogers hired Russian shill army.
BTC is the Hillary Clinton of crypto BCH is the Donald Trump of crypto
Don't worry it will all come crashing down
Normies won't realise anything, they probs won't even know the difference between the two coins, they will literally think cash is bitcoin if they see it on coin base
you seriously think normies will buy a china branded bitcoin after the original one goes down ?how many people do you see driving an infiniti in the USA or Europe
BTC is the Hillary Clinton of crypto BCH is the Donald Trump of cryptoLINK is Kim Jong Un - Gonna launch nukes to the moon
BTC is the JFK of CryptoBCH is the Lee Harvery Oswald of Crypto
What, a patsy?
trying to import Trump memes from /pol/ and use them against people who probably supported Trump anyways.
this
BTC supporters don't support Trump, just ask them and it becomes immediately obvious.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS KING SLAY
BTC.
It's only purpose now is as a magnet to suck normies into our scam, it just needs to keep stay afloat long enough for enough of them to catch the trading genius disease so they can spread it like herpes.
We are getting close but still need to reach the point where they understand a bitcoin collapse is as relevant to them as petrochina.As a currency it's as good as gold, meaning fucking garbage.
Nobody is interested in transacting with any store of fucking value, there is no incentive which is why currency literally needs to be inflationary for anybody to get out of fucking bed in the morning.
Central banks get this.
Anons are fucking retards.The average anon assumes he would be the only person hodling while the rest of the world is spending theirs willy nilly.
Here is the fucking news flash mouthbreathers - the transaction problem progressively solves itself as it drizzles into the coffers of the elite where it fucking stays forever because they have no reason to spend any, HODL was not a meme.
If you want a currency you want something people are motivated to spend, BCH might provide the means for better spending but it still offers no fucking point to spending, nobody wants 100 million dollar fucking pizzas.
If you want a currency you let go of your feminine tier emotions and you buy ETH or whatever fuckfaced shitcoin you think has better tech which provides the means as well as the fucking incentive for people to use it as such.
You people are so fucking retarded sometimes I think this entire fucking board needs to go back.
KYS faggots.
you need some serious massive balls to trade like that... i'm impressed
What the fuck is even the point of this post?
Except it can't be seized
It seems like a lot of bch shills have came out of nowhere, but maybe it's just because bch is relevant again.Exactly this OP.
Whichever is currently pumping will be the one biz appears to support
That emotional attachment to coins... Never gonna make it
I auto triggered about the cash meme