I love it when genuine good projects get pumped.
Get in while you still can, it's going to the moon!
BITBAY>developer holds over 100 million bitbays in his personal wallet, which is 10% of the supply>outdated wallet>marketplace looks like its from the early 90's>marketplace constantly crashes, is buggy, god awful UI and its resource hoarding as all hell>you are not allowed to sell child pornography, guns, illegal drugs or fake money on the marketplace, which would be the only reason to actually use a decentralized marketplace>developer will most likely cash out and disappear once he can sell his coins at 0.10$literally a pyramid coin, no thanks
You're supposed to tell us before the pump, not after desu
LMAO.
This bot again.
As usual you are there to spread your lies you little shit.Yeah in each thread it comes to spread lies with the exact same copypasta.
Just report the post for spamming.But I did!
As usual /biz/ don't listen.
I even explained many times why Bitbay genuinely had some good tech (which is released, not empty promises) and a good future because of its roadmap.
Although the pump is not over, it should at least go to 50m marketcap as these coming weeks Bitbay will release many good stuff like the new website and web wallet.
Pic related roadmap.
Pic related how Bitbay literally destroys any competition.
Bitbay is right now the ONLY working fully decentralized platform when it comes to p2p marketplaces because it has a fully functional trustless contracting system (no middlemen nor third parties) while others simply don't.
Also its marketplaces are fully anonymous and has Tor+Proxy integration + you can create private marketplaces to do whatever so that's nice (darknet potential right there).Although the comparison states that Syscoin is open source while it is false as it has closed source parts (for instance its frontend) and also it downplays the fact that Syscoin uses middlemen and is full centralized when it comes to moderation.
Also for those who are wondering why Safex is not in the comparison, it is because Safex is a scam with no product.
Particl has no released marketplaces too but at least it has the blockchain privacy features of its previous project that was called Shadowcash.
https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet/status/922714623333330944Even Blocknet loves Bitbay.
For those who don't know, Blocknet is the first independent decentralized exchange and inter-blockchain protocol (https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/blocknet/), it is a good project too.
Bitbay and Blocknets really are the underdogs of crypto.
Especially Bitbay is it only valued around 30m while Blocknet is already around 120m marketcap.
By the way, Blocknet is gonna pump too as it just revealed its new client GUI.
It's gonna be good when centralized exchanges will get BTFO'd by good DEX.
No more stolen funds, no more ID cuckery, no more accounts getting shut down.
nice gains, but still so undervaluedkeep it up bayshill
Good coins must win.
Crypto will never take off if all it is about is PnD ICO scams.
We need real tech and real qualitative projects.