>not just buying all the coins from first and second page and hodling them
Thanks, bought 100k of every single one
If the average net %difference is positive why doesn't this work?
Other than 100 different fees
you know someone went all in on the DAO and dogecoin
I'm perma-hodling 10 of the top 20... the 10 that aren't shit
i moved into Ark, getting comfy stakes every day
Arkconnect
it does work.
that's what funds are.
look mom another retard that thinks bitconnect and Proof of Stake is the same thing u better accept it gramps ETH is switching to that one too
WTF does ripple even do?
What's the average % increase.
Can't you just sit there and watch $100 compound with a few buys in the dips?
Seems like it's too easy.
You bought 100k bitcoin?
Damn, you rich
This
cross-border payments.XLM does it better though.
(although, it's a strange coin because miners don't get paid from fees and supply inflates 1% each year to make up for it)
It transfers instantly at almost no cost
yep as does its fork xlm.
this is the advantage of a completely centralized crypto
>Dogecoin
Why don't banks just transfer currency with another bank directly instead of using ripple and sending a currency through ripple can't be that secure because its using the blockchain.If they use 1 oracle to send the information in to the blockchain and that oracke is hacked the transaction information can he altered.
How do they plan to get transactions through the blockchain abd do it safely.
Because agreeing on exchange rates is a pain in the ass, and transfers are expensive.
(bidness from 80s wants to stay profitable)xlm just matches up multiple people who want to exchange currency (using anchors, which are xlm holders that you "trust" to have money in reserve) with everyone looking for the best rate.It's like the thing you have to do to convert USD into an obscure altcoin, go through another currency with the best exchange rate for your chosen path.
Lol, look at the past top 10 coins, how many are still up there?