nooooooooooooo.....prepare your wojaks
I just fucking moved into Eth because BTC had been crashing 7800- for the last few hours, FUCK.
you were afraid of a $100 "crash"?
Jumpy motherfucker
I'm selling at 8450
No, perhaps crash was the wrong word.
I wasn't afraid I was just trying to take the small profits every time it did so, now I'm stuck on ETH as BTC skyrockets.
Since when is a1,5% move on a crypto currency a crash ???
4413343
don't do that with BTC

I sold everything last night I'm fucking tired and I think this will be the big crash.
I hope I'm right there has to be a braking point and I think we are at it right now
no brakes
We aren't.
BTC will be 20/25K by the end of 2018.
You're going to feel incredibly stupid soon anon.
I heard this exact same thing.
Where is this coming from?
Who originally said this?
And why?
Is it the futures on CME?
Because that would do it.
We will see it wout brake 8k
4413447It's' break' you retard
it will in 1 hour
weak hands
there making more tether for the next push prepare your butholes
100 dollar swings every 15 mins ya its not going to be good
im scared anonsi have 3 bitcoin that i want to hold till 200000 but its hard.
my hands are weak, so weak.
im thinking about cutting them off.
its the only way to avoid JUSTing myself
That's like 70k each.I don't think bitcoin will go that high anon.Good luck holding
Don’t you dare touch those coins!
Fucking man up bro and HODL.
$3000 ETH is more likely next year than $20000 BTC.Lets see how those institutional investors respond to the next "flippening" scare.
The existence of BCH makes BTC a liability for institutional investors.
this has to be bait
One share of Berthshire Hathaway is $271k+ today.
In 1980 it was $500ish.
Tell me again why Bitcoin can’t be 6 figures?
$3000 ETH is more likely next year than $20000 BTC.Hm, this is actually a pretty good sell for going heavy in ETH.
We’ll be lucky to get to $1000 on ETH, but I would still be pleased.
That's still 3x, where as 20k BTC is just over 2x and as you said, probably less likely.
This bubble has got to pop soon.
Tell me why it could.
Hold on !!!
Because that would put bitcoin in a trillion marketcap.As good as bitcoin is, it is still shit compare to any other coin.
Majority of the world operate in Micro transactions, bitcoin can't do that.
the fees will be too much for 3rd worlder.
Other coin will get adopted to use worldwide while bitcoin will be a storage of wealth.
The age long argument Myspace(bitcoin) vs Facebook(who knows, that's what we all gambling on).
It has popped repeatedly and keeps trending up... why would that stop anytime before 2140 when the last Bitcoin is mined?
The S2X hard fork was called off, and everyone who bought in for "muh free money" is now left with nothing but massively overbought Grandpa Bitcoin.Why would you expect it to keep going up without correcting first?
muh institutional money.
Hard cap and king of crypto
Because what's feeding its value is hype and a misunderstanding, or entire lack of understanding, of its technology.
At some point BTC will either break, or be slowly replaced as people realize other coins exist.
So what coin is facebook?Or is it not existing yet?This is the question
year HODLer here.
I held through the long crypto winter when BTC fell to around 200.
And I'm still holding.
Stay strong anon, and don't lurk too much on /biz/ because all you get here is free FUD.
I'm an amateur, and I know not to buy something after a % increase with no correction.
Why wouldn't institutional money wait for a retracement?
This
...and shitcoin pumps by niggers that don’t even own half a BTC
I will invest more in Btc but first there has to be some kind of correctionLook at the chart it always happend to btc after such a rise
We dropped below $6k mere days ago... that was your correction.
Instead of people capitalizing many got chinked by the Koreans believing the BCH flippening meme.
If you have a significant amount from getting in that early (say at least 50), I'd be cashing out real fucking soon desu.
That's a lot of money and you're getting to the point where you really don't _need_ more, you'd be risking losing it all to get extra you don't need.
Does anyone think BCH will rally if this turns out to be a double top on BTC, and BTC pulls back?
Or has that ship sailed?
Yeah i have bought some at that dip, but i belive there will be another in the next week
To what level?
Ship has sailed
Around 6400
4414020Don't worry, I'm far below such amounts.
But in hindsight, it could have been so easy to get those 50BTC back then...Nonetheless, setting goals to yourself about when you cash out are one thing, actually sticking to them is another matter.
Because once the goal is actually reached, everything seems to be running well and even bigger gains are just around the corner - so not why stick with it a bit longer?
It has been working so far, why should it fail now?TL;DR - even if I had 50BTC I wouldn't be smart enough to cash out.
Why not cash out 25%-50%?Would be the middle way berween safety and greed
Go buy certified rare pepes on bitcoin blockchain.
This is a joke right?
I agree - if crypto was my only asset, I'd instantly cash out a significant portion.
There was a guy lately on /biz/ that asked whether to use his crypto to pay his debt or risk it to make more gains - I'd get rid of the debt in a second.I did however originally plan to cash out my original investment at a certain time just to not feel terrible when everything comes crashing down.
But in the end, I'd feel endlessly JUSTed in such an event anyway, it wouldn't really matter if the original investment would have been saved or not.
Or maybe I'm just telling myself that because I've really become greedy as fuck.
cash out BitcoinThis is why you will never be rich.
The entire catalog being pink wojacks when this thing finally goes belly up is going to be fucking hilarious though.
Cme is probably the biggest rumor.
100k new coinbase accounts probably came from that.
If cme does go live soon it would probably be a big deal.
Setting all you have on one investment that is as volatile as CC is basicaly(russian) Roulette, just because you save some gains doesnt mean youre stupid.
This
Educated tech and econ guy here with deep knowledge: Anons claim is very likely.
why are people madd abot btc rise?
arent we all invested in btc?
and all our alts are to make more btc?
btc rise is good that means our portfolio goes up?
unless your dumb cucks that dont keep a 90% or more in btc portfolio.
and at that rate you deserve to get cucked
Look at the next portfolio thread... so many of these clowns are all Alts kek
Yeah that's why people like you get never rich, they cant hold the tension and pay back debt when they can.
I have 30k in debt since 7years and could have paid them back already twice.
But i don't so cause i have that money invested and the intrest i get from that is bigger than the intrest i have to pay for it.
Also this gives me more room to maneuver.
Kids like you don't get that debt is a good thing, but hardly anyone does
Humans are stupid and emotional, and they always need to compare A vs B in order to define the value of either.
BTC performance is mindblowing, but if you're surrounded 24/7 with threads about some shitcoins mooning 2000% in a week, people suddently feel like their BTC is terrible and get right into the gambling zone (which BTC itself already is).
And therefore we end up with BTC-hating alt bagholders that blame BTC for their alts not mooning.
What they not realize is that if BTC dies, the whole crypto world will come crashing down with it.
The reputation damage in the public eye would be too large and take years to fix with a new "Master"-Coin.
Yes, and that includes BCH.
The newfags fell for the alts.
They never realized alts are just so you can make more BTC
>t-t-this time its gonna crash anon>i-i-i just sodld, this gotta be the top right?
r-r-right?>hahaha b-b-bitcoin is finished >i-i-ill just wait for a good buy-in price lmao you fucking cucks who sold bitcointhis rocketship is just getting startedyou faggots will keep posting pink wojacks all along the way ahahhaha2017 and people still selling their bitcoins lmaoI cant even
This
THIS FUCKING BITCH IS GOING TO 10K BEFORE EOY50K BY END OF 2018SCREENCAP THIS YOU FAGGOTSSHITCOINERS BTFO THE ONE TRUE KING WILL SMOKE THEM ALL
also daily reminder that all three bitcoins together (which you shouldve gotten for FREE) are worth over 9k USD nowlmao shitcoiners on suicide watch
In good times, it's always easy to argue to get into debt in order to be able to invest more.
And especially Crypto has been arguably a very good time in 2017 and the years before.
However, summer can't last forever - and when the interest and the value of your investments get smaller and smaller, your debt will still be there, waiting for you.And about getting super rich: At a certain point, it doesn't really matter anymore how much money you have.
I'd rather be potentially normal-rich (best case) and debt-free (worst case) than super-rich (best case) or in debt (worst case).
In the end though, it's all a matter of taste.
There's maybe like five alts max you should invest in long term.
Everything else is just shit you're gonna regret holding
Only if the big money comes in.
Oh and also if USDT won't blow it up.
GBTC for one is selling bch
BTC has not been moving for a day or two now.
Great for alts
I hope it was to tether.
In that case, buy back in ASAP.
I did what you did, in may.
Then there was a "crash" and I thought I was right.
That was around 2k.
2 fucking k. But then it mooned, and I didn't want to buy back above what I sold it for.
+ taxes and fees etc., and as it kept going up I still thought it was a bubble that would pop soon.
Then when it crashed in June I thought it would continue, but it didn't.tl;dr - Being a nocoiner hoping for a crash is the worst.
yeah selling BTC was my dumbest move ever.
And Ive made
it's dipping
HAHAHAAHAHHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHHAAHAHA WHERES YOUR 8K OP?!
WHERE IS IT FAGGOT?!
HAHAHAHHAHAHA
Just do like me and buy the dip at $5800.
I knew about btc since the 2013 bubble and yet didn't put shit into it until a week ago.
I thought about buying at 400, then at 1000 but I didn't.
Just buy what you can lose, no more than.
Also, diversify a bit, don't fall into the all in scheme.
Buy a bit of some of the top 10 coins if you can.