>always do the opposite of what /biz/ says>half say buy BCC>half say don’t buy BCC
Sell one, short the other.
They're the same thing after all
the half saying not to buy BCH are clearly off-board paid core shills.
listen to your fellow /biz/bros, don't fall for the pajeet FUD
t. BCH shill
The flippening is happening anon, we memed it into existence.
BCH is gonna get dumped in a few hours, it's not too late yet to buy high sell low.
Buy monero
In this case it cancels out, so do nothing.
Don't NOT buy BCC
If only you could hold both
Why not both?I am invested in both and have set stop loss sell orders were I feel comfortably getting out.
The only winning move is not to play
buy EBETmooning harder than BCH
Buy XEM ffs.
They're releasing their private + public chain code in 2018 to the public.
Better buy cheap before it goes walking on moon.
Solid team, solid project.
What else to afraid about?BUYXEM
CONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Exit to USD if you aren't sure.
That's likely what I'm looking at here.Why?Because this is just another pump of hundreds that happen per year.If you don't need to get rich by over risking on this exact pump, why not just join one that you still have a chance at riding?Fuck Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash both rite now, IMO.
BCH is being massively shilled for one of the most obvious pumps ever and if you FOMO into it you are a massive retard
Agreed.
There was definitely a ton of people that made a ton of money.
Unfortunately, if you aren't already one of them (I wasn't) why FOMO into hoping you're not too late?Not worth the risk man, I don't need to risk it all THAT bad
this
Buy Beancash.
in 2018That's ages awayA month is a long time in crypto
Eth and xmr man
buy dash.
Sage level Wisdom, Anon-Kun
This
This
This
This
why the fuck would you buy at all time high?
This is going to dump within the next two days.
You won't be able to sell BCH.I've been holding these bags for quite long.Think for yourself, what happens with altcoins after they stop being hyped and pumped?
Do you find buyers?$1500 in BCH is worth nothing when nobody's buying.
And this is the situation you'd put yourself in already.
why not have both?
*mexican music starts playing* *tacos everywhere.jpeg*
If you want to be safe, either buy both or sell your position and wait for the dust to settle.I sold all my btc for fiat with a nice profit and I'm not getting back in til next week.
did you pay your taxes?