BINANCE JUST ADDED A COIN OUT OF NOWHERE CALLED $NULS AND IT'S GOING TO MAKE ANYONE THAT BUYS TONIGHT RICH THAT IS ALL I CAN SAYYEAH MAYBE SOMETHING UNSAVORY IS AT FOOT BUT I CAN TELL YOU THIS COIN IS GOING 40000% T H I S W E E K
Feel free to doubt, just remember this post.
Thanks op.
Moving a cool 40k to binance now.
sweet just sold a 100k
Lol.
k. sure.
Hopefully you make enough to stop larping ;]
Shuttup faggotI've made more money than you in crypto guaranteed
What is it?
Their website has fuck all information and no team or whitepaper.
Also like 8M marketcap already...
Seems risky.
bought 5 NULs cuz why not.
Already up from your call tho.
Thanks OP!
Dammmmmn.
Tell me what it is op
seems riskyYou mean seems profitable!
Every other bnb pair has tanked since arriving on Binance.
Powr, yoyo, ven... why will this be any different
Fucking chink scams are getting worse than pajeet scams.
Going to be THE CORPORATE ENTERPRISE BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTION OF THE ORIENT You will soon see this in news.
This is a golden egg for those who take it.
Screen cap this.You'll remember this night
are u waiting to dump ur presale ico on us?
OOOooo you whales ;)
Fee free trading on bnb pairs.exclusivity of the opportunity im telling you about.
Look at their Twitter.
This has scam written all over it.
Buzzwords like pluggable modules gtfo github is a joke
I AM UP 40 PERCENT THANK YOU SO FUCKING MUCH OP
i just bought 720 nuls you better not fuck me OP
I've come to realize that the coins you fuckers call scams turn out really well so thanks for that m8.
You're welcome.
Remember to estimate your own value, but I am telling you this is a 40,000% coin.
You'll see.
40,000% why
where you getting 40k % from?
What do you know?
no one has heard of this poopcoin.
Here comes my LARPed up story about how I have it on very good authority from chinese sources that there will be huge news for this particular coin in the coming week.
The news will be around a chinese payroll/accounting company
The value of the contract that was negotiated.
You have no obligation to believe me.
have /biz been right ever?
Why does it only pair with BNB?Anyway I had few sats there and I had no idea what to do with them, I bought 75 NULS just because their homepage is pretty cool and because you, OP, don't look like a faggot.
I would've something to say about the 40000% ROI this week, but I've no ADD so I can handle a bet.
I am up over fifty percent!
Tysm, op.
SAme just moved an icey 55k
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh its dumping SOB
the one time my entire balance is basically off binance ffs
From what I can gather binance is trying to give incentive to trading with their bnb token by pairing it with what they believe to be valuable icos.
The abrupt listing of this coin should speak to that.
They see great value being added to their token by proxy.
Made x2 with ODN in late September I guess
It's not listed.
Can you take a screenshot?
I want to believe so hardat moments like this when alts are at their darkest hour this is delicious bait
BINANCE JUST LISTED IT LETS BUY
4243125where are you sourcing this whale info?
are we going to see steady inflow of money or are we gonna get dumped on?
I bought at the peak :
Can't find it
when btc goes up, bnb goes down, so the trading pair seem like it is getting 4k%, but really u are losing money.
I'm still up over fifty percent and thinking about buying morem volume is rising really fast.
I think you caught some people's attention.
under BNB, you have to buy BNB first to get it
We ARE seeing a steady in flow of money
4243140Trading pair NULS/BNB
Why the fuck is Binance taking so long to receive my deposit...
What does this do OP?
This should have people's attention this is going to go parabolic.
We're buying the bookmark to the end of the china fud.
You'll see.
Screen cap this.
What is the best exchange to buy this?
I have 35k ready to go!
god damnit give us some more credibility I want to believe.
BINANCE
ooo look bnb is up, gj whale.
take it easy faggot.
throw a grand at it at most.
make it 200k you poor faggot
I am up sixty percent now since OP's call.
For the time being it's self evident.
It's taking everything in me not to just empty my bag and buy more.
Da euphoria!
How long does it take to do a deposit?
I joined coinbase the other day and it will take 10 fucking days.
Its Real.
Throw a few hundo dollards and sell tomorrow at 50 bnb per coin
It's relatively swift in my experiences.
Holy shit this is going to be big, china is pumping it.
That doesn't tell me anything you fucking cunt.
Which is the fastest way to buy after opening a new account?
I'm not trying to wait a few days to buy.
Its relatively swift desu
This is turning out fucking swimmingly for me so far.
I also copped some WTC on a call from this board at sixty cents.
This is giving me hella deja vu to that!
wait wtf cmc is saying 20c, bnb is trading at 30c.
Nigger is ripping us off
volume has doubled since I bought in, still down though :(
Don't be so cranky.
I sent btc purchased IRL to the exchange.
I dunno what you want.
They only make you wait for two confirmations and getting an account setup is painless.
What am I not helpin ya with?
CMC will reflect this soon.
Rest assured.
;]None of you have to believe me.
I'm trying to help.
Alright, I bought 3k of it.
what's target exit?
You will not be down long.
can we buy tomorrow?
I want to go to bed but I dont trust holding this overnight.
I'm moving fiat here.
I want to buy now this minute.
How can I do it?
ACH, Bank Wire, Credit Card?
How?
If I learned something trading cryptos...
If you've not the funds in the right place, at the right time think twice about do it because it might takes hours and time is money.Also you look pretty new to me, if you have 35k I wouldn't put more than a 5% on this and you would still be dirty rich if it goes parabolic as OP says but as I said 40k% is fucking insane, it should releave itself as a game changer for the whole blockchain industry...
My first sell order isn't until 4 BNB personally.
Pink whale mean angel, wtf is blue whale?
Why is this a big deal?
Why would you think it will moon so fucking hard?Pump and dump, yeah?
Credit card + coinbase is the safest in that case I believe.
Pink whale mean angel, wtf is blue whale?Uhhh.
It's a pokemon.
lol
This is a PnD.
The whale is setting you all up biz niggas, be ready to be dumped on any moment.No team, no fucking whitepaper, no news.
Unbelievable y'all are falling for this SCAM>
No it's a pokemon!
And me /trying/ to help you guys out
Yeah, starting to learn that after getting fucked at coinbase.
The ACH is supposed to take 2-5 days.
The direct bank purchase will arrive in 10 days.
People tell me a bank wire will show up instantly.
But who knows if true... this trial and error shit is cancer.
The high volume wash trades are just ... believable
i know who's going to be rich?
the dude who is hodling BNB coins rather than this shit coin.
Yeah, no shit it's a pump and dump.
By a bunch of chicoms no less.
The idea is to get out before these faggots do.
rightagain SCAM ALERT
Dude.
WTC didn't have a whitepaper.
Chinese companies that pride themselves on few moving pieces and moving quickly dont have whitepapers.Listen.
Your doubt is reasonable, but I'm pleading to you as a /biz bro.
Consider that you can't always wait for those things to make the big money.
Remember this.Partnering with a major Payroll/Accounting firm.
LEGALLYThis is going to be a mooncoin AND the end of the china fud once it makes the news.
Just watch.
and what other exchanges are trading this exactly?why should I think you're not scamming?
Give us something bro.
Why is this coin so exciting.
Look, I'm in now, so don't shill it too hard anymore.
holy fuckin shit.
i read about this company in chinese.
this is gonna be one of those very dirty pumps where people thinks its a scam and keep hesitating like walton real deal kiddies.
thanks op
Partnering with a major Payroll/Accounting firm.
LEGALLYwhich one ?
where's the announcement ?
Lol.
Ooookay dude.I believe op.I'm in the green.
Are you made you're too cucked to cut your losses?
Where?
I'll google translate it
ThisShould we start saging?
o fuck he is chinese, buy buy buy
Where can I read the announcement your claiming
up 89%Why would I buy now?
It's going down soon.
Yeah, the link us the article.
We're waiting lol
Oh shit I’m throwing a bitcoin in this wish me luck biz bros this is going to $5 end of the week
I bought when it was up 22 percent thinking the same thing but today op delivered!
He claims its a 40000% gainerIdk im considering buying with 3k so it doesn't bother me taht much if i lose.
But i'd still feel retarded so I'm holding out.
and this is how /biz become linkmarines.
I'm in China right now.. everyone is talking about it.
This is it boys... the death of the cracker at our doorstep.
Let's kill these white devils.
this NUL?
>slogan is almost "nul is love, nul is life">shitty website>chinese>went from 2524 sats to 3700 for no reason >only listed in Bit-zyou are going to be dumped on if its true that is going to be listed
with _____ you sink.
This feels way more like WTC than LINK to me.
I feel fucking solid with my position.
IT FEELS GOOD TO BE BACK, BOYS
this is one of those walton coin type moons, very suprise that op is this kind i never see this shit actually going on biz,if u browse the korean biz or chinese crypto forum this is all there talking about
ITS ALREADY UP YOU FUCKING QUACKER OAT FUCK
I dont understand how that can be.
there website looks atrocious.
nul is love, nul is lifefucking KEK
Bought at 4100 sats.
We will see brother if I am left holding bags.
You should hop on the moon mission
IMPERIAL RED DRAGON.
WE COMING STRONG.
BUY BUY BUY!
CHAIRMAN MAO
Exactly why I ahven't bought it.
Not for no reason.
Some people know things you don't.
That's the thing about trading.
I made my way into something big and I'm trying to level the playing field.
IS THIS FUD?
ARE YOU LYING BRO?
ILL FUCKING KILL YOU M80
Do you remember WTC website at the ICO?
Every time you buy a white man dies.
BUY BUY BUY!
yes senpai, give us a source to the partnership you are talking about, blue whale ?
Always the same story.
Just want to help the little guys.
Just want to give back.
We're so altruistic around here, so generous.
https://medium.com/@Bit_z.com/nuls-will-be-listed-on-bit-z-making-progress-on-internationalization-2f4595899db6
pajeet's grammar-level is improving
I threw $130 onto this and my portfolio is around $1100.
What else is everyone else throwing in?
Want to throw in more but gambling with more than 10-15% feels very degen.
here4243457the link.
youve gotta get to lv 3 and then the whitepaper is unlocked because its still super underground.
have fun
threw a grand at it.
have like 60k i'm playing with.
Dont believe me then.
I think it's sad because it really just means that you WOULDNT do the same in my position.
http://1.xiyouence.com/hb/3379/0/20836/1.html?from=noflash_04243457
Yeah I saw that the day it got listed on CMC.Seems legit (((I think))).Hope I'm not wrong.
if I was in your position and knew super sekret info, id buy and then tell biz.
and probably look a lot like a pnd shiller but its OK. please give us more breadcrumbs I WANT TO BELIEVE but unfortunately i bought at the peak like I alwasy do and I'm down.
that last dip held above the resistance line.
not bullshit?
Holy fuck, the first time /biz made me win money.
Godspeed op
could you atleast give us moreinformation?I already bought in but don't feel very comfortable going to sleep now
Ofc you dont go to sleep now retard, keep your eyes open in front of the screen
http://1.xiyouence.com/hb/3379/0/20836/1.html?from=noflash_0Tricking these white dog faces is best timeline.
China small penis #1
Yeah doesn't seem to go past 31 cents.
Mmmmm....
中国強金嘆堕宵値
Buy noi whitepig
https://medium.com/@Bit_z.com/nuls-will-be-listed-on-bit-z-making-progress-on-internationalization-2f4595899db6This link actually goes a long way to confirming what I'm trying to tell you.
They have a client and a product, and just because the presentation is what you'd like doesn't make the product less valuable.
Most people don't think the way you do.
That standard and drab affair of their website is actually more than adequate in china.
Work in china also doesn't always necessitate a whitepaper.
Just saying.
You can lose money by having no rules.
But you can miss more money by having too many.
just bought $50k worth.
nuls team said they have big partnerships and new exchanges soon
LOL some Chinese mmo guild is pumping this to whitey.
Sitting in discord talking that zipperhead speakage.
isn't what you'd like*I'm very happy to have helped anon
can /biz prepare nulmarine meme
I'm a white man and I'm so excited!
Please come fuck my white blonde wife.
IS REALLY THIS EASY TO MAKE MONEY?
I'M ABOUT TO CUM HERE
賺錢的線索。不是寶貝生活的神秘策略。市場將喚醒硬幣的力量
What do you mean?It's going down.
OP.
Post your btc wallet and those of us you just made a buncha money might give you a tip.Show that were not all pricks that doubt you.Thank you again.
he means whiteman are stupid.
They buy anything.
I dont care, I already made 3k
A 107% growth over 24 hours... Might just be you fags pumping up the process but still that's good
DON'T GET MAD RED MENACE
Meanwhile bnb goes down >:@
Impossible unless you threw 1 million into this.It went from 8000 sats to 8500.
Can go past that.
Clearly you don't remember WTC.
bought ATH on bnb, now nul is tanking while bnb is loing value.
U all got fooled.
just go with it man.
Got 300000k just chilling in LINK.
ready to transfer to this
I truly expected nothing in return.Thank you for the consideration.17awBAQuQMKAtWMU3EetSBNrq7PiSWQyFj
What's the purported timeline here?
Please for the love of god tell me one partnership this coin has.
You don't even have to provide a source.
I just want to understand, that way if I buy it and it fails at least I'll know why.
tankinganking
the dumpingning
It has only started.
When this starts trading with BTC you will see what it looks like in a typical market.
Give it a day or two.
Inchain (some big Chinese co.) will be using it.
Source: telegram
Anyways just post if we should quit or if we got scammed
are those numbers looking good?
all that red scares me
I read their Telegram, total supply 100 millions, circulating supply 40 milions,.
They're almost done writing the white paper.
THERE IS NONE CUNT, he's baiting u.
買
買THIS!
4243797Buy?
Going to buy some now, better not be too late
Looks like im late to the party.
Slight dip.
Just in time!
Inchain (some big Chinese co.) will be using it.
Source: telegramInchain is Chinese blockchain for anti-counterfeiting
27 postsyou are fucking fudding this shit so hard
Inchain big chinese companyInchain Token Sale (ICO): tokens for an insurance DAO - SmithInchain is a decentralized insurance platform based on Ethereum smart contracts.
A DAO will issue insurance policies to cover cryptocurrency exchanges and wallet.Inchain is probably the same people behind NUL
I think you mean shilling.
Only trading pair is with BNB?
See
For now.
I will stop posting now.
This thread should sage, we make a mystery okaybye bye
This is something new.
THey are promoting their coin for trading.
It will trade with BTC in a day or two.
S C A M M E D
Says they have relationships with "lots of enterprises".
Anyone know what beijing elephant alliance international economy and trade center means?This could be legit.
Binance probably wouldn't list an outright scam on their BNB pair since they have a reputation to maintain.
Down 32% in 15 minutes.
Binance doesn't actively list scams.
How daft do you have to be to not understand the sensitivity of that market right now.Let the chinese make all the money then.You people are just pissed to be in this thread now when you're all uncertain and feel like you may have missed gains.
Lmao.Like was said earlier.
Just you WATCH when this gets pair.
I'm with this until end of week OP.
I can feel the similarities to WTC.
Bought in 110k units at ATH, AMA
Oh hell yeah!
I love how op comes out and everyone doubts.
I buy in like a ballzy chad.
Profit.
And all the proof slowly trickles out.
http://veekyforums.com/thread/4242865/business/do-not-look-now-but.htmlposts mirror the thread;....
I can feel the similaritiesYou're a magical wizard from the school of mysterium.
Coin voodoo!
How does it feel to know that I'm watching buy volume flood in again and that you'll be just fine?I think that IF this goes how it should these fluctuations will look like piss in the wind.
me too
I like the sounds of that...
wtf am i looking at
Ok, Binance just listed RCN too, I feel better about NULS now, they won't list scam coins, especially paired with BNB.
It's a scraper site that copies content from here newfag
Clickbait bull shit he may have been attempting to key log.
he basically put together a bullshit thread for some reason.
I know for a fact it couldn't have happened because I'm on that thread for "4 hours ago" when i literally wasn't there.
Fucking idiotic.
That's a direct Mirror of this thread with false times
I'm mocking you dipshit.
I was a day trader on the NYSE for 10 years.
says nothing but generics.
Also, beijing elephant alliance international economy sounds like a chinese asshole having a laugh at the stupid white man.
4242865I just hope people get on it so I can screen more memes and wojack threads.
I don't care
I am supported by the imperial american zoo fund for world peace.
We're totally legit.
Hate to break it to you all but you guys got fucking baited.
They just confirmed in Telegram that they just finished the design and entered the development phase last week.
That pretty much spells out that they have no partners or real world use yet, and given that we haven't heard of them, no branding.
Therefore no value.
Sorry bois.
This looks good.
What was the ICO price?
Are we at big risk of getting dumped on?
Lmao coming to biz and trying to flex NYSE credentials is the fucking dorkiest shit I've heard.
You're the /biz equivalent to the marine sniper pasta.
RoflKek
I don't care that you don't care.
I hope your accumulating has gone well.
;)
im a chinese noodle tycoon worth millions of kilos of dogmeat get in now
We're seeing stable price action at the current cost.
Lol I'm not accumulating, I was considering it, then I got on telegram and asked the dev some questions.
I suggest you do to.
They just entered development phase.
they have partnerships already (confirmed by them), so your statement is already invalid
flex NYSE credentialsThank you for revealing you're a total fucking idiot and know nothing about trading.
Do you believe the fundamental principals of trading cryptocurrency is any different than trading stock on the NYSE?
LOL!
you're a total dumbfuck manchild.
What are you 22 years old kid?
You fluffed up hype-queen little bitch.Trading fundamentals haven't changed in 2,000 years you stupid gook.
With Elephant alliance is the only one I've seen, Have you ever heard of them?
Neither have I.
Neither has google.
Buying coin at lowest point bad invest.
Dog logic Waltonchain was same now look.
Chinese company moves like lightning
sstrange that a rough english translation of a company name doesnt show up on google, which chinese dont even use.
Dog brain
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=6&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwi8su3Npa7XAhUS5WMKHRi3BlQQFgg0MAU&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxlm.org%2Fplus%2Flist.php%3Ftid%3D2&usg=AOvVaw0QJOit6gEyfKv3AVwABDmaIt's a real thing brother.
l a r p if not, no one cares oldfag
4244023wtf are you niggers doing, I won't get another run on Wojack threads if you keep fucking these people.
beijing elephant alliance international economyLiterally a troll name.
I can hear these chinks laughing right now.
Your a fucking chink
dog IQ comeback
You sound like a real m a r i n e s n i p e r
That's exactly how i know your a fucking chink.
All these dog insults are so fucking Chinese you may as well be waving a giant fucking flag.
I will personally see your "beijing elephant alliance international economy" and raise you an "american zoo keepers fund for world peace"fish face chinese rat, choke on a noodle
So did I get scammed or not...will I make anything off this?
which chinese dont even use.Yet their website literally says Elephant Alliance at the top under their logo,and was really easy to find yet you didnt post it?Heres a link to their site, http://www.ea8181.comSeems like some trashy online store that sells random cheap Chinese shit.
prob scammed, but im in it too so here we go~
He said end of week.
I'm already well in the green.
Hold.
This will go nuts once the btc trading pair starts, and westerners that arent total dipshits begin to catch on.
Likely only after china has made it's waves and money.Op did a great service bringing this to us.
F
Yeah cause my posts in chinese were not obvious enough.
you know only one language, woof woof.
>Y... y. yyour a f. .. f f fucking chink
But he didn't bring anything.
He didn't reveal a partnership or any thing behind this coin.
Just its fucking existence.
You sound defensive.
I only put $20 in, if it goes crazy ill make a lot of money...if not...well so be it
why do you write like the chinese takeout clerk speaks?
https://medium.com/@Bit_z.com/nuls-will-be-listed-on-bit-z-making-progress-on-internationalization-2f4595899db6bit-z one of the biggest chinese exchanges.
theyre saying they did research on nuls, obv its not a shitcoin
OOOH OP DID GREAT SEVICE
I speak deliberately.
Usually esl folks do that too because they fear misspeaking.
okay it to say one last thing.
People are selling into buy walls to arbitrage with BIT-ZWhen arbitrate opportunity ends we are mooning.
Lmao!
btw.
this is a 12m market cap coin.
if u dont think this will moon, ur high.
Chinese labours sure are cheap I wonder how many of u cunts get paid for shilling this shitty wokcoin?
You're fucking worst than pajeets.
Yessss!
I'm prepping for launch.
lol, u think bit-z would openly endorse a shitcoin?
yikes
They're all some Chinese family who run this Chinese e-commerce website http://www.ea8181.com/ He sounds like a Chinese grocery store clerk because his family has him working customer service for the family business.
He know English the best and is between 18-22 years old with a natural gift for navigating internet channels like the famous 4chan.
His younger brother linked this website http://1.xiyouence.com/hb/3379/0/20836/1.html?from=noflash_0 after someone asked for the link to the article they claimed was written about this coin.
Apparently, the young chinese lad wanted to basically say "fuck you!"
for daring to ask.
It appears the young members of this Chinese family business have their MMO Guild friends dropping a little support inside this thread with generic hype comment and typical chinese cheerleading calls.
The typical Chinese style perception of how and what they believe the White American Dogface enjoys seeing.
Only they are very out of touch and do not realize that the White American Dogface is always 100 steps ahead of the Chinese Red Menace fishhead sewer dragon.Literally, some upper middle class chinese family running an online mafia.
Oh my fucking god dude.
I bleed hotdogs.
I would fuck Madonna with an eagle resting majestically on my shoulder.
No falconers glove.
I listen to slayer.
I love whiskey and I'll fuck your girlfriend.
Prove I'm not american you larping cuck our closeted eurofag.
俺は人間じゃあないよ
You are batshit.
I'll post a pic of some weed, a major Chinese offense.
How about that.
Timestamped.
their are some severely autistic insults going on in this thread.>dog face>dog brain>fishhead sewer dragonDid i miss any?
Who the fuck here heard of bit-z?
Guys, I'm new to crypto, how do I get in on this?
All I know how to do is trade on coinbase.
holy shit your imagination is great.
actually , your president is 100 steps from the red palace about to ask BIG Xi how to properly run a country
YOU DONT FUCKING DARE DISS TRUMP ASSFUCK!
wat
Just hold onto the BTC for the next 5 days, reading about the coins.
Don't spend until you have a good sense of what's going on.I should have waited damn it
Og poster i want to believe i threw a 15 % stack.
Please please make me come back and thank you o_
fucking kek its the birth of a meme
No sweat!You'll thank me.
it would have to go REALLY crazy for $20 to turn into something big, but still, imo small buys into alts is fun and worth.
I bought in OP.
If it actually 40000%'s I'll do pretty well.Here's hoping 
I know it won't but if it went 40k% i'd be sitting with 2.1k
Fine.
I fomo'd in damn it.I feel like I'm about to get ChainLinked...
this time your about to get>...chinklinked

is this a buy?
I haven't done any research
Just wait until this time tomorrow and see if you still feel that way.
Im preparing pink wojak for u lot.
Lets pump and dump!!!
Going in
Try and wait for a dip.
Dip may not really happen until after some parabolic action though.
-20% dips at this price won't matter much next week
I actually have no BTC atm, I sold mine more than a month ago to pay some school expenses (it wasn't much either, like $100 worth back when it was about $4500 per coin, should've fuckin held).I'm in fact broke at the moment, however if what OP says is true, and the success I'm seeing from you guys already is legit, I am sitting on a $350 credit line with Paypal that I'm willing to risk all in using to get in on this.Thing is though, me being a noob, how DO I get in on this?
Seriously, all I've ever done was buy a hundred dollars worth of BTC on coinbase and waited.
This is true.However people have weak stomachs.
Drop 50 bucks on it, dont go all in
Can you give a hint what’s coming next week?
Also it's funny, I got on this board to see what opportunities I could find to make some money (not doing too well financially).
This is a fucking godsend if true.
Meh, I bought at peak and I'm down about $400.
I'm still not worried.
just be willing to lose it all.scams are a dime a dozen here.
(also suicide threads)
Buy the btc through the appropriate channel.Make a binance account.
Deposit funds to the btc address.
Use BTC to buy their BNB tokenUse BNB token to buy NULSYou could wait until they add the BTC trading pair, but who's to say where the price may be by then.
for the love of screaming pink wojak do not put your money into this especially if you need it
4244444
Domain Name: EA8181.COMRegistry Domain ID: 1822617980_DOMAIN_COM-VRSNRegistrar WHOIS Server: grs-whois.hichina.comRegistrar URL: http://www.net.cnUpdated Date: 2017-08-12T14:41:56ZCreation Date: 2013-08-20T10:24:05ZRegistry Expiry Date: 2018-08-20T10:24:05ZRegistrar: HiChina Zhicheng Technology Ltd.Registrar IANA ID: 420Registrar Abuse Contact Email: DomainAbuse@service.aliyun.comRegistrar Abuse Contact Phone: +86.95187Domain Status: ok https://icann.org/epp#okName Server: DNS17.HICHINA.COMName Server: DNS18.HICHINA.COM
that's what risks are all about.
I could either end up with enough money to pay off some student loans, or be a few extra hundred dollars in debt.I'm honestly willing to take this risk.
Thank you based op!
yall gotta stop selling.
bringin the price down
Thank you, and thanks for this, OP.If I make bank, my first drink to celebrate will be a toast to you!
I'm up at least 15% from when I bought, and the more I read about it the better I feel.
Can confirm from chinese friends that this is legit.
oh shit!
I didnt even realize...
guys if you check the token address people have 100k plus of these tokens on average.
Prepare to get mega dumped on by chinks.
especially faggot OP
A dead fake company with zero online traffic statistics.
Made for the specific purpose of giving the impression of legitimacy.
Zero online traffic equal zero sales.
http://www.siteprice.org/website-worth/ea8181.comThis coin is backed by nothing.
They knowingly lying to you.
So, whatever money you make will only come from any other random fucker who drops in a few buys before the inevitable death.http://www.ea8181.com is their own website that is endorsing their own coin.No SSL which is required by law for all e-commerce websites in order to process online transactions.
They have no payment gateway.
You cannot purchase anything.
A popup box shows up giving you the option to be notified by email when their fake products are available.
m supply, just started trading
No shit, bnb mooning before this listed just seals the deal.
Fucking binance scamming chinks
I just clicked your id and you have been fudding the ever loving hell out of thisYou want it cheaper because you were late to ops signal?You like to act like that makes it worthless?
Lmao.
Satoshi has all his bitcoin and the orice continues to rise.
Nobody is buying your tired arguments.
People said the same shit about wtc and I missed out because of it.
Get triggered noodle slut.
Dude.
You're the one triggered that people are making money from a coin just because said coin comes from china.
Like literally the only people here even a lil disappointed openly bought at the top
Dude weed.
Who cares if these chinks are lying to you.
Ride the sewer dragon and help them get rich.
nigga this was ATH when this thread was made.
Feelsgoodman to be in on the ground.
Strapping in for a legit moon mission.
Shadilay boys.
Unlikely we'll get THIS high but, someone legitimately bought thousands of these at 25 BNB per NUL.
If we saw even half of that, Id love you forever op and you'd be more than right.
No.
It was post-ath if I'm reading the time right, and the highest it has been since I've been watching was .17 bnb
I'm in about $60.
Better than scratchers
no btc pairing?
not yet.
its binaries exclusive coin only right now
not yet, they are forcing u to buy bnb ATH, so then it gives u the illusion of big gain later, until u realised BNB has dropped in value.
So 4k% mean jack all.
Am I too late?
I have 200 EUR on binance
4244929meh dropped Yoyow still in the green think ill split it 50/50 between BNB and this.
About $100 each.
Seems like a decent bet to me for potential massive returns
yes, very peculiar that they added a coin with little to no web presence.
Think OP might be right here so made a small investment
every now and then OP isn't a total faggot.
Here's hoping this is one of those times.
There are none on biz, all these nigga are out for themselves, whether Chinese or pajeets.
Lol @ op.Nobody on /biz has money.
Nobody would tip you if they did.
He was leading you on.
thanks Mr Bond.
That really shook my martini.
anybody who these partners are?
*know
fake shit?
Adding now.
China buzz from Asians elsewhere has me interested.
I can confirm elephant alliance is real.
I'll try and get their website from my chinese friend
You never know.
I like to believe in the kindness of strangers.
tfw moved all my money off binance to etherdelta yesterday>tfw asleep when the biggest /biz/ non-ico moon mission happensmaybe I'm not cut out for this
>FOMO bought the top>Kept going up.Thanks OP you're a true /biz/ bro
I'll cut my dick off and timestamp the walls with my blood when /biz startd giving out meaningful donations and not just fronting.
Kek
What will happen when they open up BTC/ETH pairs?
I'll be sure to post a txid when it happens so you have to deliver on that.Truly a pleasure brother
We'll all be on that thing that comes out at night time
What price was this when the thread was made op?
Am I too late
OP says news will come this week.
Whales accumulated earlier but despite dropping a bit it hasn't crashed just held value
This is good news, I still haven't bought yet, trying to figure out a way to get at that credit line from paypal.
Seeing if I have a couple friends who will let me send it to their paypal balance, to which they send back to my balance, and then I send to my debit card for instant transfer.I'm gonna use coinbase to send the BTC, but if anyone knows of a way that I can get BTC using my paypal credit so that I don't have to do loops and hurdles (and doesn't require verification so I can act on this FAST), please let me know.
Explosive price action, most likely.
Hmmm ;3
I'm gonna donate 1bitcoin to OP for this amazing call ;P
4245064uh, guuuys????!
!http://www.haochawu.net/default.php
WAT
Don't worry hasn't followed through.
Your dick is safe-ish.
Thanks OP.
I bought about 50 of them (poor :( ).
Is it a decent long term hold or a pump/dump?
Accumulating more
Do I trust the Chinese?
Complete Engrish from their twitter
People in my dutch telegram channel are goin nuts for whatever thats worth to ya
They love this coin because they say the same stuff as op
Even the dutch?
HahahaThis is going global.
Wtf is this scam chink scamoinm my telegram grpups wont stfu about?I read all and you guys are getting scammed...
bidding bots are on the field, watch out.
I'm glad you have a bunch of telegram rooms that aren't gonna let you forget how you missed a moonshot.Happy trading.
Posts like this is all reserch i need to know its a scam.Thank you -you lost your soul scamming people i hope you lose all money down the road to.I wish you bad fucking luck and all worst OP.Bye.
Welp, I just realized that, payments towards paypal credit don't post until 8 days later.
I just yesterday paid mine off, meaning I have 0 available credit right now...looks like I'm gonna miss out on a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Remember me when you make it big, lads.
You know how bad Binance is when they are listing this shitty chink pnd coins on regular baiss
I'm not scamming anyone, and the coin has already made people profit.
That seems like a terrible thing to say, but whatever.
I'm sorry that they don't have an abundance of coherent english resources.
What other coins has binance listed that meets this criteria?
this is why people like you and are so hard to take seriously.
You're so dismissive and immediately toxic whenever anyone suggest something foreign to you.
How much longer do we have to get in on this?
I have a friend who could lend me some money but it won't be until tonight.
OP says this week.
OP also says 40000% Both seem unlikely to occur.
Still put $200 into it, just in case.
These are the ones I usually don't get in on, and then see them moon and hate myself for not doing it.
So this time, I'm trusting anon.
Will I get burnt?
Who fucking knows anymore.
But I have done fuck all trading for a month with this altpocalypse, and I'm willing to take a punt because I'm bored.
well, if I make it when it's up by 1000%, I guess it'd be better than nothing.
Gonna be putting no more than 50, though because that's all my friend will be able to spare atm.
That's probably a good amount anyway anon, since we are just going on the fly with this one as far as I can tell.
I just put $200 in because it's what I got from selling my Yoyow after the latest mini-pump.
And it was headed back down, so needed somewhere better to park it.
I need to visit this board more often so I can know what any of that last part means.