What cryptos should i allow as payment method in my onlineshop?
>sorry linkies
oh yes sir bitben is good coins sirs
confido
hello pajeet
DOGE
Xmr
BTC/BCH/LTC
These, plus maybe Monero and Bitbean
BTCBCHLTCETHPut a big notice about how BTC takes longer and is more expensive to process than BCH, so if customers want to save money and have a faster transaction they should use BCH
Prob BTC, LTC and Monero if you want BCH
Not BTC.
It's too slow and is probably going to get cucked.Whatever you do, make sure to include ethereum as payment.
It is the most politically stable currency and it's backed by being a utility.Imo BCH is pretty slow too.
Not as garbage as BTC but still pretty garbage.Lumens is a good choice.So, future oriented currencies people are going to have a lot of in late 2018 / early 2019:EthereumLumenThen have however much of popular shitcoins like BTC, LTC and BCH that you have the stomach to deal with as well for the time being.
BCH LTC ETH
Use request.network to accept all popular options
implying req isn't an erc20 shittoken that does absolutely nothing
dude.
ycombinator is extremely aggressive.
they will break the omisego skateboard of implied partnership stickers in public.
Muh 6% success rate after three years or so
Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth quite a bit, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
BTC LTC ETH XMR I would also allow bitbean too, just for fun.
At least in 2014 and 15 (after that I closed my Crypto payment provider service) 85% of all payments I ever processed were in BTC.
And very very few alts.If your Onlineshop is drugs then use Monero though.
The ones that Globee or Bitpay allows because you are not a retard and use solutions that exist.
BTC, LTC, ETH, XMR, NEO, MIOTA, FCT, DCR, STRAT, FUCK
D G BGB