Where are all the corecucks who were shitting all over /biz/?
Did you honestly think this was over?BCH's going for another bullrun.
This time we'll really hit the nail on your coffins.
minute candles
If this clears $1575 USD its going to moon.
BTC already sub 6k.
My body is ready.
Yeah you can fuck off with your 1 minute candles
hey, where can I find me some of that sub 6k bitcoin...brhahahahahhaha I know, I'll find it at sub 4k
For fuck's sake, anyone confused as to what's going on go look at NEO.
These are bounces but they will fail to break the alltime high again..Really fucking obvious.
hi, what sohuld i set my sel order to
Difficulty change just triggeredhttps://fork.lol/now it's 2.33x more profitable to mine BTC.BTC confidence will be restored in a few minutes.
Transactions will start to clear up.BCH blocks will take 2-3 hours like they always do for a while again

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SELL IDIOTS
yeah sell while its low?what are you?
a fucking retard?
YEP HERE IT GOES!!
!JUST JUMPED UP !!!!
DEAD CAT
It's a fake pump for the difficulty adjustment.
It's damage control.
lol, sell while it's high before it's back to $300
a fake pump?or a pump fake?what the fuck is this?
NBA??
wow, I had 1 confirmation in my BTC transaction and suddenly I check again and I got 6WTF, the difficulty change just happened
its happening
You guys are such assholes.
That is why you fail.
Because nobody likes you.
Fuck off back to plebbit fag
god, look at them bragging with one victory, bch is already in downtrend after 2 days of intense washtrading, and eth just recovers from a bug/hack that costs 250 millions...
I don't get it
Thanks for illustrating my point.
I'm sorry your life is shit and you have no friends.
It's not my fault or anyone else's but your own.
Stop taking it out on the world, asshole.
judas and snakes congratules each other for their pathetic takeover attempt
Explain like I'm a retard (I am).
Yeah, I get that, but I still don't get it?like, what are the implications?
so much butthurt from salty nocoiners and late adopters.
it's hilariousis the world's largest futures exchange making products for bcash, ethereum or any other coin?
let that sink in.
protip in investing: be in front of the moneytry looking at the big picture for the entire financial market
Give me one reason to not be scared shitless the day they start trading bitcoin futures
futures market won't affect the BTC value, it's not the same as it happens with gold (I read this, but don't know what I'm talking about)
i'm not, but since you brought it up - tell me why you are scared shitless of bitcoin futures
But Bitcoin ETFs will, and having BTC futures is very beneficial for ETFs to be approved.
They would short the shit out of it.
-20% everyday.
I'm sorry about your concrete bags
bro, i don't think you understand how this works.
banks like making money, and shorting a product of something that goes up does not make a bank money
I really don't that's why I'm asking someone who knows it's bullish.
What stops them from shorting everywhere?
What if the tether bitcoins are banker bitcoins.
There's so many what ifs and it freaks me the fuck out.
So many more scenarios where things can go wrong than right.
not him but k y s
thispure desperation of bagholders>inb4 hurr you core cuckI'm comfy making gains in my alts you cocksuckers
up she goes lads
to simplify it, it's bullish because it legitimizes the bitcoin market with large institutions (banks, hedge funds, etc).
now, these guys have to do reports every year for their investors explaining why they did or did not invest in a particular market.
bitcoin has gone up almost 1000% this year alone.
these people running these large institutions don't want to be the only one not investing in the greatest bull market in a decade so they will seek to profit from it.
some will try to do that by betting that bitcoin goes down and others will be it goes up.
they're not actually buying BTC, so you don't have to worry about them buying it all up just to crash it.
i hope this helps alleviate your concerns.after this, come the ETF - then BTC will be over $100K
Ok. and ETF's are also just trading on the overall success of an index of crypto they decide.
Like btc, eth, ltc, ripple etc they don't ever own it?
4325668Read the gold posts in this thread for some major red pills:https://www.reddit.com/r/decred/comments/6wxueo/your_best_pitch_for_decred/tl;dr smart contracts would have been done on top of Bitcoin and Ethereum would never have been created, but this didn't happen because Core demonized these types of transactions as "spam" and crippled the on-chain capacity so people would have to pay for their off-chain solutions, buy DCR and BCH.
and rightly so, it's impossible to sync the full ETH chain