His portfolio is more sound and successful than 95% of you.How does that make you feel?
The Chad PortfolioActually pretty solid, not gonna lie
selling btc forks before nakamoto consensus
Have fun when new technology passes all of those
This.
Tough to fault it
technologytechnology has nothing to do with any of this anon
Dan you retard, you're not gonna make it without Ark, pool soul b
well if has 50% btc and 10% bch he likely didn't sell any bch and just kept everything.
technology has nothing to do with any of this anonFor now, no.In the future, it will, because this won't be a hypebubble then and things will actually be used in real life, where how good it is at doing what it does actually matters.
When you have a billion dollars to play with you can have a safe portfolio like that and still make millions.
thispretty optimal portfolio imoi assume his "10% bcc" is just holding onto the free coins he got
nobody asking
please somebody tell him to buy link
I highly doubt that
I have a portfolio of actual shares in companies that produce goods and services.
Am I the 5%?
What I regularly try to explain to you goys is a stake that would be making millions from these literally cannot enter or exit almost all other coins, certainly not as quickly and maybe not ever, the equation changes completely
Pretty close to my own spread tbqh pham
How is that even possible?
I fuck up nonstop, I might be the top 5% worst traders here and I've still got a little over 2.5x what I'd have if I had just bought Bitcoin.
Started in August btw
because of this anon
his portfolio is the amazon google netflix apple of crypto
But he said that that guy's PORTFOLIO is sounder than most of ours.
Not that his strategy is the only one that can work for him, specifically.
For anyone who's not already rich as fuck, alts are much better at making you fat gains unless you suck incredibly badly
/biz/ for fucks sake, we need to shill him on chainlink
lets pay him to stand shirtless in a dungeon with good lighting holding big thick chains in his arms and below him is the chainlink logo and it just says Chainlinkhe gets laid, we get our money back, everyone wins
He dosen't own a single LINK, LOL !Remember it's people like Dan who will provide the fuel for our rocketship once we lift off
haha when you're that desperate to dump bags
Well I wasn't really arguing OPs point there more just the how and why.
But you need to get this, it's why the big coins can snowball and the little coins will struggle more and more without actually doing something
i think most traders know that, thats why the top 5 is the top 5.but if you want to catch the next eth, youll need to take some risks
>sound portfolioThis is why he'll stay poor
tfw if he weren't literally retarded he could just buy some shitcoin like LINK and pump it up with a single instagram post
it is a loser portofolio for people who already made it.
non of these will give 100x return probably.
fuckin risk avoider.
only idiots dont invest in titcoin
you will make 5%, and your money will have a buying power of 2% less, so you're making 3%might as well invest it yourself into something useful.
If he was 50% eth and 25% btc it would be perfect
Ok, does this mean another crash is incoming?>Bilzerian crash 2017, never forget
Clarification: the 5% who have a better portfolio are 100% XMR.
why would sb hold btc and bch at the same time?
>%50 Alt coins
This.
90%* altcoins
No LINKHe'll be fapping to anime soon
50% in BitcoinHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
% BTC get gud
This guy has a history of cocaine overdoeses right?If he dies and no one can access his funds the value of my Bitcoin and Eth will go up.
The virgin shitcoin diversified portfolio vs the chad top 5 allocation
What a gay low yield normie portofolio.
The faggot is scared to take risks or something?
That "low yield" portfolio will grow more than whatever shitcoin laden portfolio over the long term
That portfolio only works if you already made it If you had only 1k starting and you built a portfolio like that you’d be lucky to end year with 2kWhere as I started with £500 and now I’m at £55k purely from shitcoin gambling, sure I’ve had some loses (link) but overall my ROI was insane.
Once you have several 100k you can diversify like that and you’ll make it but if you’re starting with any less than that you’re going to have to make up the time gambling on shitcoins or you’re never gonna make it before this whole market pops