I wasn't planning to make a thread about this until after the crowd sale completed but Ian Balina is trying to get involved and I refuse to let him ruin this project.>What is Oracles Network?It's essentially Ethereum with a Proof of Authority consensus mechanism.>What is Proof of Authority (PoA)?PoA is a replacement for PoW, which can be used for both public and private chain setups.
There is no mining involved to secure the network with PoA, and relies on trusted ‘Validators’ to ensure that valid transactions are added to blocks, processed and executed by the EVM faithfully.Basically, PoA is like PoS except you don't stake coins so the rich don't just get richer.
Instead, you appoint trusted validators.>Where did PoA originate from?After a DOS attack on the Ethereum Ropsten testnet, a proposal was made for the Ethereum Kovan testnet.
The Kovan testnet set out to ensure Ethereum developers would have secure testnet and it did this by implementing PoA.(1/?)
Before anyone asks:https://twitter.com/dynastyvillain/status/926956039353847809
Nice all seeing eye logo.
Definitely jew backed.
Figures control freak elites would want some like Proof of Authority.
It will be manipulated in their favor.
Go fuck yourself.
Where do i buy
so is this a shitcoin forked from ethereum's codebase?just like bitcoin will never be taken over by a fork of bitcoin's codebase, the same goes for ethereum, you need a completely fresh codebase written from scratch to be competitive, otherwise you're just a second class dev forking code and tweaking varibaleseos is a shitty bitshares fork, with the same weird account/profile system bitshares and steemit has, not to mention it's going to be abandoned a year or two once its out, just like bitshares and steemittezos's tech is interesting, but the team looks like a joke (guy got his wife involved?
), but if anything's going to topple ethereum its going to be a from-scratch blockchain like that.neo is the only other main player it looks like, might take off for chinese/se asian markets (definitely not japan), because qtum is just a bitcoin fork with ethereum's EVM slapped on top, looks like a joke too.
its nice to see yu-gi-oh quit his stupid card game and started a blockchain company
Illuminati coin when?
>what gives value to the system is it's trutless nature>let's scrap that by adding (((trusted))) authenticatorsNo thanks jeff
>How Does This Make Me Money?3 reasons why:1) Here are the details of the token sale?Total Token Supply—252,460,800 POATokens to be Sold—176,722,560 POA (70%)1 POA = 0.00023577 ETH (will be adjusted for the current rate)That's right, they are only raising $12.5M, which is almost $6M less than Ethereum did.2) They are beating Ethereum to PoS with PoAThe mainnet launches on December 1st.
You heard me right.
Oracles Network will have a pseudo-PoS months before the Ethereum devs even announce Casper.3) The mainnet will commence with a Cross-Chain tokensaleThat's right, they will be collecting funds in ETH and use a cross-chain bridge to exchange non-transferable ERC-20 tokens for PoA coins instantaneously.
Btw, these cross-chain bridges are compatible with an network built off of the Ethereum protocol.
Once again, they are beating Ethereum to the punchline.
Are you aware of Cardano?
Smart contracts are on their roadmap.
Thanks, anon.
Just to add:>But muh ChainlinkOracles Network is just a name.
They are not making decentalized oracles like chainlink.
In fact, the chainlink DApps are 100% compatible with Oracles Network and I am sure as hell that SWIFT would be happy to hear that Chainlink has a new solution to Ethereums cost and consistency issues.So to answer your question, Oracles Network isn't Chainlink's competitor.
It's Chainlink's savior, and it will lead Chainlink to $1 by the new year if Sergey doesn't screw this up to.
No, it's the Ethereum Killer that is doing everything Ethereum said it wanted too, except 18 months earlier.
But keep comparing it to projects that were either too greedy or already mooned.It turns out it was just easier to start a new network instead of moving at Ethereum's snail pace.
(((gay)))
4294230FUDs because OP not only let the secret out but also posted detailed researchFor everyone else that wants to make money:>oracles.orgI would say DYOR but I already did it for you.
Proof of AuthorityHmmmmmmmmm sounds decentralized
so poa is dpos but without the incentive to legitimately forge blocks?
garbage desu
I will buy this coin but only if you answer me this question:In a scale of 1 to REQ, how aggressive is your coin?
Where did this Jeff meme come from?
Jeff is my name and it always cracks me up when I see it
Implying PoW is decentralizedHow's the S2X fork treating you?
It's not like it was called off by 6 people or anything?
Right?It's not backed by Y-combinator, so it's about as aggressive as Vitalik.
Well that’s fine and all.
But you can use that logo for your coin and I can tell you to fuck right off.
The paid shilling in this thread is so obvious it hurts
Thanks for the bump.Don't you think if this was a paid shill operation there would be more than just me mostly posting.
I just want to spite Ian Balina.
unironically its a stupid fucking move using an illuminati symbol as your coin logo kekand for that reason, i wont be investing, im out