I just need REQ to reach 35 cents before EOY is that too much to ask?
it wont reach 35 cents eoy, this is a very long term hold, if youre an impatient faggot go buy some other pnd shitcoin.
ACCUMULATE
Omg went from 0.5 cents to 12 dollars in 6 weeks with roughly the same progress and far less potential.
ok sec, let me ask the devs to pose in front of google hq
Holding this shitcoin feels like being in a relationship with a crazy slut.
Everytime you wanna break up it rises and you say to yourself "fuck it maybe it's getting better" and everytime it crashes again.All your friends are telling you constantly "the shitcoin is great, it will be 1$ one day", "remember the last one OMG, REQ will surpass her" and you're still holding on but loosing faith.It's hard getting your heart broken over and over again and still holding your shitcoin.
Omise is a half a billion dollar chink company that rode the waves from neo
If this shit gains momentum to reach 0.35, next stop will be outer space.
Wait until they release an actual product.Ground floor is always a huge risk.
aren't they releasing an actual product like next month?
Yep.
Main net launch.
Website and a lot of their basic stuff.
Other than that, their advanced features and actual attractive things will be coming q1-2 2018.
So wait until before passing judgment.
This my 30k moonshot coin.
However moonshots are just that moonshots.
You rely on them going up then you are going to be as pathetic as the LINK people.
I have 400k REQ tokens.
I think the team means business and i'm only balls deep in this token because I believe in the team.
Yeah its a great product, but the team is always what matters.
Geez m8.
I thought I went all in.Have you been successful with moonshots before?
Please say yes.
million req here.
3 successful moonshots.
this will be #4
Okay Mr.LARPer.
Put in 60k USD do we on something that just started.
yea pretty much.
how else you expect to make big money in this game?
What is your logic for so much (without mentioning omise)
and the first 3 were... let me guess, antshares was 1, monero maybe, what else
Its pretty simple.They have a great token model (POS/burn mechanism) and they have really solid backing (YC/ING).
Also a really good idea.
If you dont think this will hit 100 mil cap within the next 6 months, youre out of your mind.
My avg entry cost was 14k vitaliks, 25m mcap
eth, antshares, omg.
I could also add link since I bought presale and sold half my stack at 4x
What made you invest in those?
m+ here.
all in, lol.