It's going on Bithumb, OKex, bitFlyer, and CEX soon... let's predict what the price will be after.
$500?
$1000?
Honestly, maybe $200 or so.
It's pretty useless.
I see $500 again..do TA.
i don't even know who forked bitcoin gold.
i don't even know wtf it does.
also the "1cpu 1vote" is horrendously stupid
the past would tell us that forks can be lucrative, at least short-mid term(bitcoin cash, ethereum classic)
1 day sample>to TApajeets are fucking hopeless
$500 minimum within a week
It's only at a 4bn cap... should def pump on Bithumb...
Huh.
BTG is one of the forks where you got one free BTG for every BTC you held before the fork date and still do even if you spent the BTC since that date.How many anons dont know this I wonder
the devs are tremendously stupid though
How do I collect?
I just dumped my bags as soon as I was able to extract that shitcoin from my electrumwhat idiot paid $500, $300 or $200 is beyone me, it's totally useless crap, not worth $1, seriously, at least niggercoin or doge may seem funny, but this shit?
crypto doesn't make any fucking sense
$600 or bust once asia wakes up
Should have probably waited for the impending Asia pump purely due to big exchange listings.
I was able to extract that shitcoin from my electrumhow?
Is there a trustworthy wallet to claim my BTG with?
you import your private key to a BTG wallet.
But as far as I know there are no really trustworthy ones around yet so it's probably worthwhile moving your BTC first from that wallet
When does it go on bitthumb?Where did you hear that (source?)
Many Koreans are saying that if you call the callcenter for Bithumb they will tell you that they will be adding it, but won't give a date of release.
Also in pic related, the whale group owner is referring to Bithumb (though he doesn't specifically use the name, we know what he's talking about).
take your btc out to a new wallet first, then create a coinomi wallet, choose the option sweep wallet or sweep key (i don't remember) and past all the private keyes from electrum (check all of them, becuase you btg may be parted between all of them)