I think I've justed myself into oblivion.
I just post because maybe someone can get a laugh out of my suffering before I hang myself in an hour.
I'm pretty drunk so sorry for any typo's.
>premed student >hated every single second of it>don't want to drop out or switch majors because family and friends would view me as a failure>get to senior year with good enough grades for medical school>hate my life still>browsing /biz/ and see chain link starting to get spammed >reminds me of eth shilling >have the brilliant idea to drop all 8000 of my crypto portfolio in at 50 cents>quickly drops, and drops... and drops>try to make up for it and max out all my credit cards on it>figured this was my one chance to escape from my hell>currently have 16000 dollars of credit card debt from buying crypto (pic related shows main card)>as of today portfolio is only worth ~11k after 24k of investment>completely neglected my studies because I was obsessed with watching the charts>failed anatomy which eliminates me from med school admission chances (my gpa was just good enough to get in before)>realize now that chain link will never moon and the hail mary failedWell that's my story.
I'm checking out now thanks for the memes guys
Hodl nig wait until Dec 31st
J U S TUSTwhat are you planning on doing now?
LOL
Stick around.
You'll get through this.
Who knows, maybe Link will moon.
words: minimum payment
The network will be up on a couple of months...for fucks sake man you've waited this long.
Don't fucking sell.
This is insurance to pay for your fuck up in premed.
You'll be a millionaire before med school admits finish their 2nd year
hang in there bro
JUST
Dude, don't fucking risk more than you are willing to lose.
Only put in the money you are comfortable with going to $0 in the end.
quickly drops, and drops... and drops>try to make up for it and max out all my credit cards on itthe fuck
this is some serious justing.
i hope Link actually does moon for your sake
The question is, will this be the worst or best decision of your life?
That is whats fun about crypto bro.
Your mistake was taking anything posted here seriously senpai
Dude you gonna be a baller in 1 year also you got a gambling problem
just curious when did you buy LINK at what price
Cash in the coins and skip the country.
If you plan on offing yourself, you've got nothing to lose, right?At least go to some central american country and blow the rest on hookers and drugs first.
Oh come on, not in this thread bro.
Stop the retarded FUD.
The guy is probably pretty down already.
Look OP, we might kid around here but LINK is the most promising investment i've seen thus far after ETH.
The only problem is it might take a while to moon and nothing is 100% guaranteed.
>buy a goldmine>kill yourself months before it pays offsend me your LINK first, i could use millions of dollars
This.
Look up the history of the Internet, and you will come to understand why chainlink is crucial for mainstream adoption.
Oh he did hang...
Hold, dumb faggot.And stop being such a beta.
If you dont like medschool, drop the fuck out and do soemthing you like
Isn't it good if you can't go to med school if you hate it?
You thimk you're in debt now??
Look up how much debt you would be in if you completed or *dropped out of* med school.
And then you'd probably be a doctor just for the momey and resent your patients.
Maybe you dodged a bullet and can now do something you enjpy with your life.
He's dead now.This is what happens when you listen to /biz/ and believe in meme magic.
Link is a pajeet scam.
Buy eth & btc.
Don't tell me you cashed out.Hold your fucking bag.
Do you expect gains in 1 months?
Don't be stupid.
Look at fucking Facebook chart at the beginning for example, it fuckin dropped, shook weak hands, and went up.
But they had product.Link is creating product.How much you have invested?IT'S AN INVESTMENT.IT'S NOT A LOSS.LOSS IS ONLY WHEN YOU CASH OUT.
Natural selection
Everyone who hyped link knowing it was absolute dogshit only to flip their ICO has blood on their hands.
4410195Kek you fags are dickheads.
The dude might literally kill himself when he could be rich in a year or so.
Stop fudding OP, we all know LINK isnt a shitcoin.
Just wage cuck for a year and a half and you'll pay it all off.
All these deluded Linkies ITT are hilarious.
"HODL" - It's fucking dead.
what kind of nigger fails anatomy?
just lmao what kind of college even has a course on anatomy
Dat feel when MY3 with 110k LINK
I only promoted LINK to destroy people desu.It makes me feel better about myself really.
HODL and you'l be fine!!!
this is nothing to kill yourself over.
Come on you're a smart guy
managing to totally fuck up this marketYou've made us all proud, dammit
YES THIS HODL YOU CAN MAKE ITTHIS IS A TEST A TEST FROM KEKYOU BELIEVE IN MEME MAGIC DONT YOUKEEP HODL YOU WILL MAKE ITYOU DONT HAVE TO STUDY ANYTHING OR LEARN HOW THE MARKET WORKSJUST TRUST IN KEK AND HODLYOU WILL BE BIG MILLIONAIRE OR MORE
You mean just like ethereum took off in 4 weeks after ico, right?
how do you fail anatomy?
Out of all the classes to get into med school, physics, chem, genetics, etc.
You failed anatomy?
Thats like one of the easiest classes that you have to take, I would know I took it.
Fucking pathetic dude.
You're probably one of those fags with hundred dollar portfolios so you FUD people instead.
Cant get rich it crypto after all if you dont even have that much fiat to put in.
:)
>made good trades on xmr-btc for 3 days in a row now>an hour ago, comfily sitting on btc side>flick & click randomly on other screen to scroll poloniex>accidentally press buy>bought XMR at 0.0158 while going downhillAnd now i'm waiting for it to turn back around.
If the markets wont JUST me, I'll do it myself then.Atleast it's looking like it'll turn about now.