It literally secures BTC from the kind of attacks that we've witnessed yesterday and today.Costly "clogging" transactions with fees bigger than the transaction value will be no longer allowed.Why in the hell nobody thought of it before?
Of course some people are willing to lose money just to do a DDOS.That being said, I'm surprised they acted so quickly on this.It's over for BCH, BTC 8k in 24h.
So this is the secret weapon they were talking about before.
Still doesn't change the fact that Blockstream's vision of the future essentially kills bitcoin.
transactions with fees bigger than the transaction value will be no longer allowedSo you can't move less than $100 of it anymore?
this
Pathetic coins worth 3k tops
ssssshhhhh
If this reduces network congestion everyone wanting to send <$100 will be on a more level playing field... in theory.
HahahahahahahahahahaMuh institutional moneyMuh $100billion usd network cannot resist "spam"Muh Blockstream, AXA, Bilderberg group
This kills the Jihan.
Why they didn't just increase blocksize?
Literally need to just change one variable in the code and suddenly more capacity and smaller fees :DD
You do realise that if they had just made the blocksize limit bigger these attacks would be ineffective, right?
Bitcoin Cash would not be vulnerable to these attacks
Rekt BCH
Ok could you give me some detailed information on how to change this blocksize limit variable?
btc core really is the bilderberg coin
Increasing block sizes isn't really a solution to this problem, it only increases the footprint of an already outdated technology.
DELETE THIS
t. Jihan
AAAUUUHHHEEGHFGHHI just want Bitcoin politics to be stable mommy can the miners just fucking mine btc pleaaase.
no big mempool no no no chinks clogging the mempool.
I want low tx fees and fast sppeeds mommy i want it to happen please make it happen NOW
this won't do anything
everyone who bought BCH at 1200$
I agree it's outdated technology.
I won't change anything for normal users, multiple small transactions are already combined into bigger ones on most of the exchanges and wallets.
For banks, Bilderberg group, Blockstream, using cryptocurrencied, for making cheap transactions is indeed an attack.This people here.For bitcoin core, transactions are an attack.Your < 100 dollar transactions are an attack.
If fees are paid then it's not spamYou can buy a plane ticket and just not show up.
The plane does just fine with out you.
Laughing they way to the bank when BTC and BCH for a moment both trade at 3k before BCH goes up and BTC continues its free fall
What!?
No PoW change?
Segcore, I am disappoint...
keep thinking what makes you happyill just stay in my alts and come back in a year
If fees are bigger than the transaction value it forces miners to spend processing power on mostly empty blocks.
Attacks like this would still be possible, they'd just cost 8x more.
There just need to be enough interested whales out there to ruin the party.
That's what bitcoin cash is.
I hold BTC myself but if BCH gets to the same price as BTC I'll sell it for BCH
Core antics never fail to entertain
The dev team is shitty and pragmatic, in the other news sun rises in the east.That's why I'm surprised they released the update just in time, even though lots of damage has already been done.
Help a newbie out: Bitcoin core release means that the code that runs Bitcoin has been changed/updated?
So this attacks can't take place anymore from the moment they released the update?
Laughing they way Shutup tyrone.
inb4 that plebbitor gets censored and banned
"bitcoincash4eva" "I decided to sell all my BCH and support fully core"Username doesnt make sense.
In case you need an update, these are all accounts which were active during the last BCH pump, they're most probably all bought shills.
/r/btc is full of them.
Just look at their posting history.
Good catch, I didn't notice that.
Tears in my eyes from laughing too hard
Tyronekek
What if it's core itself that's clogging transactions?
So people can't dump their btc
Why would they release an update preventing that from happening if it's their own idea?
People need to update their nodes to the new client.
Then the effects of the update will kick in.
Winner of block still gets fee and block rewardNothing wrong with an empty plane seat if someone has paid for it.
Well, of course.
But people would stop travelling planes if train clique decided on buying out all seats on every flight and never using them.
Airports would still make money, but... You get my point.
To put the brakes on people jumping ship to bch, if btc wasn't so slow to send transactions today, btc value would be a lot lower and bch a lot higher.Just trolling
not buying and transferring your wealth in LTC
Probably a new account, he probably changed his mind when he saw what happened today