We're trading Copper futures today, anon.I learned a strategy with a 97% success rate.
Stay tuned for 5 hours from nowalso the forex
Notes from today:The EIA for crude oil came in at 9 as per usual.
The market stalled and then proceeded to squeeze out all shorts before dropping, as it usually does.
It is a good time fram to short crude as it is greatly overbought
4251602bumpyou are going to leave me to this myself are you anon?
Explain in brainlet terms
there is Bitcoin copper now?
Trading forex and commidities thread anon, come onmake an account on 1broker and start trading real things with your bitcoin
mods sticky mesure someone here also trades futures and forex
I can't find copper on coinmarketcap what do
i cant find it either, is it a new ico?
I'll check on etherdelta
Ching chong ching chong ching
42524774 real?
Buy silver when it drops to 17.000short natural gas at 3.174
4 more hours4pm pacific time, 7 eastern, europe who knows.
10 am australia, this is the only time this strat will work for copper
thats right, this thread is staying up all daybump
i cant find these on coinmarketcap, where are you looking at?
How can silver be worth 17 btc???
I do.What're you trading, /HG?
HG in 3 hoursjust sold Dow and will probably hold off until the hours so I can practice this new strat
just tell us already.nobody will wait for your strategy for 5 hours just to see if its viable.
some obscure poajeet strathttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-pClUAjxEoplease dont share.
This will only work at the open mark which is in 3 hours.
I tested throughout the chart and it always works for some reason
You sure it's in 3?Most other stuff opens in (less than) 2 hours.
i cant find copper on bittrex, please link me
I HAVE AN EXAM TOMORROW I CANT TRADE TODAY, WILL YOU GE BACK NEXT WEEK ANON?
?PREFERABLY ON A WEEKEND?oops caps
does this only work for copper or any chart?
yeah Im following this chart
looks like it could move up before then?Just my opionion
Yes anon I will see you sundayNo idea, Im going to check around various charts.
If so, this is pretty amazing, but I just learned of it last night
It doesnt matter, this particular strategy depends entirely on the opening candle stick in 2.5 hours
Could be, but it also might drop through 3.0965Threatening.
ok Ive checked a lot of charts and it works for everythingthis is insane.
I cant delete my post but I would.
Dont tell anyone anyone this is free money for the rest of our lives
lol what is this ga yshit
that is awesome, gonna try it out today.
yea maybe not for forever but at least easy money for a while
FUCK YOUit works forex too, you could throw up a few positions on anything at the midnight gmt time2 more hours
1.5 hours
1 hour
hold up, where can i find the site for those charts?
WE
nigger its trading view almost any site with charts has itjust google copper futures charts
thats one
20 minutes warninmg
this is fucking it boys.
the next 15 minute candle and we can start
i swear to jesus if i don't become billionaire by next week you're in big trouble
3 fucking minutesoh but because this is 15 minute candles we have to probly wait a few hours possibly all night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsWJOBZnqwYBOYS
sorry anon but im too retarded to figure any of this out, good find though, but i probably wont be able to take any advantage of it
Fucking Japs and their obsession with being white.
Would they too struggle to tell anime characters apart if they were realistic and were 100% black haired, brown eyed?
maybe one day anonOk boys aprox 11 minutes until the 1st candle is fully formed
I know, japs are clearly the superior race
5 minutes until candle formed
the candle has formed.
we now wait for the breakout
its happening!
break down.
wait for the next 15 minute candle and short at the start
short in 8 minute
ITS FUCKING WORKING
yea doesn't seem to work as well for forex
shorter candles = this works better
this is gonna take hours
what sort of "pattern" are the candles supposed to form?
itys about the direction its going to move away from the opening candle for the rest of the day
wait so is this working or not?
Im about to watch the video.I swear to god if some pajeet strategy makes me rich
its touching the top line now.
dont cancel your shorts boys, only do so if it break the top lin in a scary way
CANCEL THE SHORT AND GO LONG NOW
yeah it was a trap.
hopefully this isnt a double trap
ok i think they know and trying to squeeze me output up a neutral position boys, at the next candle
ok we are offically mooning nowmaking money now, thanks boys
proof it works
the mooning continueswhy didnt you listen biz
Wait so it's working?
yes
How's it going OP?
how much money did you make
TIME TO GET INTO COPPER FUTURES I GUESS
pretty focused$5... it was just a test amount though.
It was a little over 4% increasealso notice: I could have made the same amount if I set a short to trigger at the bottom line... but I wasnt paying attention
Cool strategy, OP.
As a general rule, always keep an eye out for range breakouts, on many different time frames.
They're something everyone looks out for.
Support and Resistance are the most basic ideas, and yet they can improve your positioning and risk management, immensely.
I live in Midland, TX, as a former oilfield worker.
When I got laid off in February of 2015 due to low WTI Crude prices, I knew it was coming 4 months in advance.Point is, I know a lot about the price of oil in advance.
WTI Crude is projected to surpass the "break even" point of $60 and at least touch $70.
Business is booming, drilling rigs are going back up, the sand niggers are scaling back from their oil glut (suspected to be running out of oil- all this happening around the same time they had their coup the other day and are now giving into pressure to "westernize", hmmmm) just as we are "discovering" new oil shales, and traffic is jammed pack again.
Radio adverts are advertising for jobs and mass hiring again, and are even telling people to apply that same day, even on Saturdays.
Yeah its back on.
Dont short WTI Crude Futures, just buy any decent dip and go long.
No you fucking retard
well then... thank you for this information
Youre welcome, as always nothing is set in stone.
They originally said $80 but redacted it back to $70 recently.
Forecasts do change but I can at least promise oil is not overbought.
OPEC and the Saudis are scaling back production greatly- their strategy to overproduce glut and crash the price of oil to ruin US industry back fired and now THEY are the same ones calling for a reduction in their own production supply and to raise the price of oil again because it is now hurting them.
Couple this with the Saudi coup and the westernization process going on over there, many are suspecting they are now in fact running out of oil- just as we are "suddenly discovering" massive shales of our own.
Okay then why are the commercials heavily selling?
Why is there no premium in the nearby contract?
(Of course there is backwardation in WTI but thats normal due to the pipeline situation in Cushing.
But brent is contango.)
When he says "opening candle", does he mean the first 15 minute candle at 9:30 am ET (when American markets open)?
Can the same 15m opening candle time apply to Forex as well?
Because people who trade futures, like my father who traded in the pits of the CME in the 90's, are trying to make their profit for the day as fast as possible and enjoy the rest of their day.
Its not going to $70 tomorrow, maybe in the next month or two.
I guess you have no idea what I said because that has nothing to do with what I said.
oh.
My God.
The fucking Ark/ link /omg / BCH is the real bitcoin scammers just figured out another way to scam people.
Copper futures.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHGAHAHAH* breathes in * HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAAHHAAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHHAHAAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Listen, its very simple, if the break even price for the Oil and Gas Industry is $60 per barrel and they have been gearing up with new projects and hiring sprees since $45 per barrel and are now accelerating the intensity, what the fuck does that tell you?
Oil and Gas is a boom bust industry entirely dependent on the price of oil.
To be profitable, price needs to exceed $60 per barrel, and I am telling you, theyre gearing up for another boom.
Back in 2014 at the peak of the boom price was around $120 per barrel.
It more than likely wont ever get that high again, but $70 to possible $80 range is certainly acceptable.
This isnt about what the fucking markets are saying on intraday time frames, this is boots-on-ground happening right now.
Its even bigger up in North Dakota.
The price of oil on a macro scale is going up, if it wasnt Midland and Williston would be ghost towns like they were back in 2015.
:00am gmtwhat a disrespectful tone
The price of oil on a macro scaleThis is the closest you got to even touching on my concerns, the rest doesnt really even get close to addressing my concerns.
Why does it look like you keep opening positions on the second break-out in each of your charts?
I thought it was supposed to be just the first break-out and that was it?
Am I seeing something wrong here?
HONG KONG 50 INDICE JUST DROPPEDthink about putting a buy in
Copper>Going anywhere in the next 10 yearsI honestly think we've hit peak copper.
While the industry will still remain as it's (relatively) cheap for electronics, with the shift in the electronic industry towards other conductors and electronic materials I doubt that it's going to expand significantly faster than general economic growth.I guess with China, Peru, and Chile all beginning to have higher paid workers and better health/safety standards, that could lead to a spike in the cost of their commodities (and exports in general) in the future, but I wouldn't bank on it unless a group of speculators got together and chose to cause an artificial shortage.
Yes high-60's, low-70's on a macro scale.
I thought this was implied but I guess not.
Now stop being so autistic.
the first breakout it went down slightly, I put in short, then it shot up and I have a stop loss at the top line, then once it breaks the top line I put a buy in, then sell whenever.
You short after it passes the bottom line
Any news out of Asia?
I'm seeing JPY catching a bid is this just an intraday move or is it a possible trend break out?
Good.
Bring those jobs back home and automate them.
got in and got out, I think its going lower soonI have no idea why, I just always bet on indices going up after a dip and they always have
I'm a mine owner.
I've got 400,000 tons of ore physically blocked out with 22,000' of shaft stope winz, raise, and drift running .08opt au, and 8% cu, and its sitting there idle because I cant afford to mine it, mill it, transport it to the smelter because cu prices are tanking and going lower, and I can tell you all YOU ARE SOME DUMB MOTHER FUCKERS!
DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHERE YOU ARE?
Literally none of that matters in this.
this strategy is 100% technical no economic indicators, used for day trading
this natural gas short is now ticking green.
same strat as used for the copper
No.
What I'm concerning and asking about is that they if they are so bullish then why haven't they tipped their hand yet?
Where is the premium for the nearby and the next contracts out and the backwardation?
The only case you could make is the drop in OI on the QA contract but even for QA the march contract out is making a lower versus the other months.
Ministry of Finance released a Current Account today and numbers were lower than the previous Current Account.
JPY started falling immediately after.
Im long term bullish on JPY though and technicals look as if a big head and shoulders may form on the USD/JPY pairing as of earlier today.
HOLY FUCKBUY THE JAP225 INDEX ITS DIPPED HARD
Bit of a long shot, but you arent the anon who was shilling diamondback and setups in the permian basin like around mid-late 2015?If so, good work bro.
Fair enough, if you're looking for a quick flip then I guess long term pricing isn't your problem.I thought this was just where we went to talk about burning our money away on bitcoin.Back to commodity talk...>sodium carbonate is stupid useful in lithium mining>think I can piggy back on lithium commodities spiking by buying into its processing techniques>check prices of dat raw baking soda>shit's been dropping the last 2 yearsIs it still worth buying into?
I'm expecting a boom in the not too distant future, but would it be worth wrapping up money into it for a price explosion that could be offset by increased competition?
p-put another position of buys into the jap 225!
Buying on a massive stock at the end of their trading dayGood luck, Chuck.
Hope it opens up higher tomorrow morning.
this is a pretty massive dip my niggathis has never failed me... it will recover to all time highs again and by then ill already tripled my moneyas long as they didnt just suddenly go into a bear market
ok ITS RECOVERING phew