I'm numb.
I don't feel the -10% when I look at my portfolio each day.
Another day means another -10% but I feel immune.
"I just have to hold for a bit!"
I tell myself.
I know its a lie, I know I shouldve sold 3 days ago.
I keep saying "I'm down 75% due to October," and close blockfolio.
"What goes up must come down, its basic physics."
So what if its a massive loss?
Its only on paper.
I know I made bad choices, but surely they will pay off in due time.
You had plenty of opportunities to sell this shitcoin.One was even 20% above ico level.Then plenty of chances to sell with a slight lossThis shit is still overvalued where it is right now.
Well I've got 130k and I'm buying another 2k usd worth later this evening so this is good for me.
If prices don't spike too hard I'll have 200k REQ near the end of November when I get paid.
I don't know why you would think that this token would do well with the btc war going on.
Also eth has a price spike looming but will only be held down by icos selling.How much req is everyone else trying to reach.
I feel like a lot of these "100k plus" holders are larping.
That's what I hear.
"Release q4," and "ahead of schedule!"
But I'm too far in.
I can't back out now.
What would I do?
Walk away during a bear market and lose the return?
I'm in a hole, but if I climb out I get shot at and if I stay in I die from starvation.
I expected a pullback I to alts after s2x.
But it was cancelled.
It was all a ploy to get people to sell at a loss.
I will not fall for it.
do you want the alt gains?
I already dumped my bags, your money do what you want.
I've alreadyu made back my losses from NEO pump
Of course.
The strong will be rewarded, of course.
But I THINK I can't withstand many more days of this.
I'm down 75% in a month.
The catch?
I sell for NEO on the inevitable post pump selloff and miss anything REQ does.
This shows the state of /biz/ right nowSince they have nothing so far, besides a WP, releasing a Test Net and a fcking proof of concept is like the minimum you can excpect from a 40M ico.
Ahead of schedule?
The switched one bullet point to another quartal.
This ico was done 3-4 weeks ago and they are able to reschedule their roadmap so fast.
Everyone is like - NICE AHEAD OF SCHEDULE.
But this shows me just an incapability of planning things right.You fucked up.
Wait for the next Friday news (if there is one - no clue right now) and try to sell it with a "good" pump.had 390k one day and decided to sell for a loss, because ONCE AGAIN, they will have nothing for months.
But keep calling yourself an EARLY adopter, This is the next ethereum, right?
Investing with emotions for the win.
I got in before the pump, I never erged you to invest into it, you're clearly not cut out for this game of crypto if you're down 75%, really wtf.
How are you losing that much?
You're not cutting your losses when you need to
How did you NOT lose 75% during the segwit run from 4k to 8k?
That's the better question
I legit have 100k and I'm holding until next year atleast.
I've been through this before.
Selling at a loss is almost always retarded.
Especially for this token that hasn't even started yet.I could understand that you sell your OMG bag you picked up at $10 because you r sick of it.
But this hasn't even had the chance yet.Also I feel like if the whole Bitfinex explodes and puts BTC in a bear marketETH and REQ still have use case and use.
it's a bet but its not the worst bet.
by selling your altcoin and setting stop losses?
My god, you should have known better than people would be selling their alts for bitcoin, if you didn't you're not cut out because you can't connects these points, you need to be one step ahead of the game.
I'll say it again you won't make it if you continue, you're too thick headed and stupid for altcoins, just invest into btc and thats that.
Most biztard are just like you no wonder why there's pink wojak everywhere
Fuck you retard.
There is no rational to this pump.
Bitcoin Gold is fucking worthless, it was a huge scam with practically no support and a massive premine and anyone with half a brain new this months beforehand.
No decent exchange is even going to bother listing it, and Binance had to make a post pretty much apologizing for listing it in the first place and saying they will not list new forks without heavy research beforehand.
Segwit 2x was canceled.
How does that justify a 80% selloff of alts?Bitcoin couldn't even process transactions a week ago even with $10 fees it is such a fucking shitshow, better hit a new ATH.
Smart money right there.Yeah man, you're the "smart money", not just lucky.
Whatever you want to tell yourself.
ahahaha another brainlet appears, you didn't learn anything from the bitcoin cash fork did you?
I've been posting threads on various coins that will soon rally and to sell your altcoins.
I've double my money this month already.
I guess you're another one not cut out.Listen to me, lose 90% of your money right now and maybe you'll change your trading methods if you're no longer a brainlet.
All I'm here to do is make money.Guess I was lucky buying into POWR and making over 50% gains, I was lucky into NULS made over 300% gains, lucky on komodo I guess, yup too luck on my other coins too, oh I was lucky on NEO today right?
You tried your best.
Pajeets will never learn it.
No anon, I'm the rational one.
The irrational, stupid investors are the ones thinking s2x were free coins and not a real hardfork
I'll be holding as well but can't see myself getting more than 200k to 250k unless my non crypto finances change.
It's a long hold, it's risky but whatever.
If this works we'll make a whole like of money just from staking.
I think that in 2018 many people will achieve a point where they live completely off of their crypto dividends and so that's how I'm structuring my whole strategy.
It's not for everyone, but REQ meets my criteria and I'll wait to she what she's got in store for us
Muh i am rational, still losing Money.
Understand the masses, and act before the so.
rational one>loses 75%I give up, I thank people like you, without people like you I wouldn't be making these gains.
Good lucky on your journey.
How in the world was I or anyone like me supposed to expect the market to react to memes hardforks or segwit like cash?
2 minutes of research show ones a joke and the other is possibly fatal to normal bitcoin.Neither of those are good reasons for a pump
 Show vagene and bob, good lucky
Keep making excuses>Keep losing money>Blame others>RepeatSociety these days I love their mentality
4415033>just because the market is doing it makes it rationalYeah sure, that's why every coin with actual use is down while bitcoin, which is slow, expensive and has a civil war is mooning.LTC or ETH cost cents to move, are quick, and are not at risk of a hard fork and don't move 10 dollars.
You could say its due to ICOs on ETH or whatever, but there is literally no reason for a bitcoin pump.
Only bad news yet the market loves it.Irrational
I'm not making excuses, I k ow I made a mistake.
I'm just explaining why I thought that mistake was actually a smart move
Learn from your mistakes and go ahead.
Only 75% lost, so there is still 25% left to make it.
OvervaluedPlease define 'value' and what makes a project overvalued in the crypto world
Only 75% lost, so there is still 25% left to make it.
lol, I remember when I was new to cryptoI cant believe people buy this new age garbage like req/walton or Link thats obviously shilled by boiler rooms
I was long on NZD/USD and it plunged .... lost about 4K USD.....so need to start all over again....lol
holy shit dude you need to watch the USDollar futures... the dollar is about to pump
Yeah.....never seen that coming that the USD will be that strong in the next few weeks....whatever....I need to learn a lot....I think www.investing.com isn't enough as a source....now I need another second income lol....any suggestions?
Nearly everything in this lovely crypto world is overvalued these days and only powered by FOMO and "smart" money ;) Top 10 in crypto right now is full of "we have our own blockchain" coins that's another story.
Everything else is overvalued af.
Nothing is able to justify these caps.
Especially ERC20 shitcoins / ICOs are so fucking crazy right now.
HOW can you ever justify a (in our topic case REQ) 40M for a WP only project?
I will point it out once more.
FOURTY fcking MILLION dollarinos.The days of quick x100 moon missions are over.
We are not back in July / August or even close to DGB area where fcking minecraft is able to justify x50+ missions.Nevertheless i give the point that it is quiet impossible to define "overvalued".
But you have better odds to make the daily x10 missions in the casino.