I 100% unironically believe LINK will be $100 by summer/fall 2018.
I 100% unironically agree.
This coin is no joke people.
This seriously is going to make more millionaires than BTC or ETH ever did.
Too soon.
Motherfucker how do you reply this fast
why?
30k LINK hereREPORT IN HERE LINK MARINES!
Order from a Captain.
unironically believing that 35 billion $ will be poured in LINK in 9 months
Who are you and 
maybe 0.1
I went from a corporal to a master sergeant and I've literally never felt so comfy in my life
I just put the 20k i had saved for a mortgage into link and told my landlord I would like to sign another year lease.
I also hid a paper wallet at my moms house and told her I had just made a huge amount of money.
Lets just say if LINK isn't at at least $50 a coin next year
i click on these threads just to see this fag post
died from LARP overdose
The thing with LINK is that it's not just "another blockchain".
Link will literally kill 50% of the shit coins out there, since it removes any use case for them.
This means link isn't begging for space and money, but slaughtering coins left and right as it spreads like mycellium and colonize the whole market.
And here we are, ready to collect the fruits of it, with one way tickets lamboland.
https://warosu.org/biz/image/uou3cgiirWO3eLS6zvB3fw>please buy my bags
On this day exactly 1 year ago ETH was worth $9.67 with a $832 mil market capToday - $346 with a $33 billion market cap
tfw only hodling 1.8k because cant afford any morewhy is god so cruel
already started selling shit you don't need?Do that and accumulate more LINK.
w..what shit, anoni need link to be my ticket out of frugality
well that sucks m8, you still probably got a month or two to accumulate.
It's not technically impossible.
But even ETH, with thousands of projects developed under its brand and technology, gained 32 billion.
You're basically saying that not only will LINK do as good as ETH did, but it will overperform ETH by 10%
How deluded are you goys?
[spoiler] I'm at 5000 delusion points, do I go in deeper?
[/spoiler]
always go deeper anon
Link does everything Eth does and more, it is literally the God coin alluded to in the Qu'ran
Oh Captain, My Captain!
Also, what rank am I at 5600 LINK?
First public key replied to me gets 1 LINK :^)
I'm super poor right now and only 135 :/
Hey guys, am poorfag (like most of us non-larpers, lets be honest) who put most of my portfolio into LINK.
Because my income is <$30,000 I don't have to pay capital gains, but if LINK goes interstellar I'll be loosing too much in capital gains.
What are my options?
Live in Sri Lanka for a couple years?How do I not get fucked on taxes when
x0110206037c136d542e19cf3ac080df09531e77c
x0
I feel like people are hyping up LINK so much that everyone will be upset if they're not a billionaire by the end of the year.
I'm just gonna hope for $5 by end of 2018.
k. I’ve leveled up in the past week.
What’s my ranking?
Someone pls post.
Also, if /biz/ hype determined the price of a coin, LINK would be over $1000 already.
Do you guys think I should put half a bitcoin there, is this a good time to buy link?
I just dumped the coin i was hodling for months.
I need something that has a future.
It takes 5 LINK to send 1 LINK
You leveled up?
% year over year is good you greedy cunt
then I guess that guys gets more LINK
Ok, $1 end of 2018.
You can only hold something for a few months.
You have no future as an investor.
Proceed directly to being poor and do not fucking touch anything!
This is a far more realistic, and frankly achievable wish.
I'm expecting something along $3 though.
Conventional knowledge says were at the floor.
No guarantees though.
I didn't say I dumped with a loss
Actually, I could see $2 to $3 by then.
That doesn't even matter.
You are so clueless.
at 50k link rn should i buy more a these prices?
Mathematically, taking into consideration link being 5x the size of mastercard the price would be around 5cents.
Words can't describe how overvalued this coin is.
Set buy orders for 5.5cents.
you know the answer to that question
No bully please senpai
Mathematically, taking into consideration link being 5x the size of mastercard the price would be around 5cents.How do you figure?
m8 that's still too highLINK could be 200x the size of Apple, Microsoft, and Google combined it the price would be $0.001this thing should be dirt cheap
the tard doesn't know what he's talking about.
mastercard?
what the fuck does that have to do with LINK.
that loser should robin williams himself.
That's Pepe Baller, Chainlink Godfather
this I was a dirty Corporal for such a long timeNow I'm a Second Lieutenant and I feel so much better, of course I'm not done upping my rank
HAHAHAHA
RANKS
sub 80 IQ detected
40k link here.
no chance this moons that high.
might fall back to 10cents or 5 cents then moon back to 20 cents.
Its all sad w chainlink all news will be disappointment, all of it
 cents eoy 2018
tfw corporalI hate being poor
quit your jobcash out 29.999$ worth of link each year
>tfw went from private to specialist recently
If you think that why don't you sell?
so why do you own LINK if that's what you think
has 40k link>doesn't sell now even though he thinks it will go down to 5-10 cents
I just want to get even after buying for 40 cents but this won't happen10151 links fool here
mfw still a specialist
7600 LINK here.Honest question: if positive news comes out, do you think that lots of bagholders will drop this coin as it passes the .50 mark?
Or is there a certain level of news (corporate partnerships, etc) that would convince everyone to hodl?
I wish Major Aleron Helix was still posting with us, I wonder what happened to him, got wounded and left on the battlefield?
I'm sure his hands remained iron till the end
if any kind of positive news come out this shit goes to 10$ in an hour, there'll be no time for bagholders to dump
Depending on the news if people don't have sell orders set it will hit $1 before they even realize what is happening.If it's Swift and other large FIs or businesses using Chainlink then people will hold onto it like their life depends on it.
Except for the traders that have set exit points.
They will sell regardless as is their way and smart.
both for sure, ill probably sell like 5 percent of my stack if it reaches a dollar
Guys, you need to understand the differenceThis is not gonna be another shitcoin with a little pump driven by stupid speculatorsThis is gonna be driven by real world use case demand, because it's gonna be used globally in real world, not inside the crypto circle jerk.
This has everything it needs to be a Top3 coin in 2 years.
Good luck timing the market.
Just hodl, stupid bagholders will leave quickly anyway
Why it's headed to 5cents billion coins million in circulation million owned by developer ready to dump>raised over 100 million dollars for "development", has no developers>no blockchain>no company>github has 1 pajeet who stopped sending commits in June>fake SWIFT "partnership">ceo has philosophy degree
44382614438239Thanks for the insights.
I will continue to hodl and am accumulating more.
muh boring copy pasted FUD>you keep this FUD in a file somewhere on your computer>literally rent free
I love this FUD, one of my favorite
Okay serious question that I know that1) None of you can answer2) Is going to make you sell your shitcoin "link" holdings immediatelyWhat do you actually own when you own a link ERC20 token?
It isn't a currency like bitcoin, there is no intention to be able to buy things with it.You all funded a shitty kickstarter for the ICO, and now you're trading worthless "tokens" back and forth hoping not to be the last person holding the bag when people realize the tokens don't actually have any value.Seriously: you guys have a gambling addiction.
Sell your stupid links and invest in power IMMEDIATELY.
The best part about LINK on /biz/ is that the biggest supporters also generate the FUD.I love all you faggots.
We're all going to make it.
Srsly guys, what do i need to do during tax season?
I'm regards to crypto, that is.
I'm currently holding just 979 Link
anon, go to bitcoin.tax and read up.
holy shit you might be rightLINK TO THE FUCKING MOOONFOMO INCOMING ALERT ALERThttps://youtu.be/xfr64zoBTAQ
seargent major reporting for duty
Fuck this is getting better and better, keep em coming, I'm gonna use it just for lulz>the project is good but the token is useless dude lmaomasterpiece, 10/10 simple yet super effective, because even a brainet can disprove it
Unironically posting a penny stock pump and dumper who ended up going to jail and now lives a wagecuck lifestyle shilling """""""motivational"""""" speeches to sad depressed people in hotel lobbies.Okay anon.Meanwhile I will be sitting comfy on my actual stack of real currency.
What coin are you "invested" into.
I want to add it to my blockfolio app so that it will give me alerts about how poor you are.
so dumb.
im wiling to lose the 10k i have in it
ok mr filthy nocoiner, you showed us, kek
unironically if link does actually start to moon couldnt we just buy in at $1 and still get most of the gains with little risk while still getting gains elsewhere?
oh sure.
please feel free to buy at $1 :^)
Or you can buy now and make 7x of what you would make when you buy at $1.
or 50 cents, whatever i just mean wait until it shows proof of actually movingfor all you know link price could go down further or take 6 months to start to moon6 months is a long time in crypto, you could easily 5x your money on other projects in the meantime which means buying in higher doesnt really matter
is link the only crypto you hold?
Because if so what do you even plan to report on your $150 worth of shitcoins?
44373524437431ok faggots SHILL ME THIS SHITwhy is it good?isnt it just a token?what makes the token valuable?i got 200k$ on bittrex ill buy the whole fucking order book if you flip me
Not happening
It would have to surpass the market cap of ETH to reach $100.Not saying it's impossible, but unlikely.
Don't report it stupid and transfer to overseas accounts.
why would I want a cuck like you to get rich?
kys
Just doubled my positioncomfy at this price to accumulatebought with my NEO profit
pls help donate1DKkB3GLksEhRnZbG7jJ6ryNM5KtsiiFJx
RENT
FREE
300k LINK here, 10$ per LINK and I'll be set
I sold all my bags, fuck you piece of shit link.
I am never touching shit like this again.
A fucking useless team that never communicates.
They have no-one to do marketing, how can we expect any confidence.
Fuck you cock sucking piece of shit.
Just hold faggot
agree with this guy.
someone should go and teach rory and sergey a lesson so they shape up
TFW still a specialist after doubling my stackBeing poor is suffering.
Link provides a structural and foundational improvement to not just the ethereum blockchain but also cryptocurrencies in general.
Companies of tomorrow that want to "advertise" they're using blockchain, just can't afford to make their own blockchain.
Its too expensive and requires too much esoteric developer knowledge that the average startup CEO or big sized company boomer faggot doesn't have.
Therefore, they need to interact with an existing blockchain in order to take advantage of its features (trustless, immutability, fair, etc etc.
).In order to do that, they need oracles.
Do more research on what that means.
Anyways, the oracles provide a data bridge between real world data (weather, stock prices, traffic patterns, etc.)
and the data management features of the blockchain.
However, by trusting a centralized oracle, a company is at their mercy.
There's no way to know if the data they are providing is correct.
SO, chainlink provides a way to decentralize those oracles, and through the process of using LINK to purchase data from the decentralized oracle nodes (which anyone can setup), the end user (the companies wanting the data), can receive data from parties who show over time they provide the best data (trust/consensus system built into chainlink).
tl;dr This will allow any company (that uses real world data) to interact with the blockchain and take advantage of its features for their boring ass white collar bullshit faggot real world data, while not having to build or buy their own blockchain network.
I might be a little off on some of the details, but super tl;dr, this opens up every "normal" company to use the blockchain instead of just companies currently building from the ground up on the blockchain.
This means large companies of today like walmart or amazon can transition to the blockchain world NOW, instead of waiting 5 years to build their own.
link being 5x the size of mastercardWhat does this mean cauliflower-man?
Do you what chainlink is?
(it's not a credit card provider and it's not a business)
Yeah they seem like autists when it comes to marketing, or anything really.Any reason I should hold this shit coin or just dump and go something else?
Newfag here, been reading about Chainlink.
Will it really go to 100$ by mid 2018?
I need this more than anything.
Been a NEET for 6 months now.
My parents don't hate me but I can tell they're disappointed that I'm not really doing much with my life.
we aren't already living in 75% 1984
>tfw barely specialist I really don't like gambling.
All my crypto holdings come from like $150 I decided to "throw away" into bitcoin some months ago.
I hate risk.Should I pump in another $200 from my bank account in order to upgrade to corporal?
I should also add that this enables companies to put all their data on the blockchain and interact with it, giving new meaning to transparency and SEC cuckoldry.
I feel you bro I'm the same.
23 and need to move the fuck out.
Problem is I finally have a job where I could afford to move out but then I'd have 0 money to put into crypto and I'm pretty sure I'd just be lonely and depressed.
I have 6.6k LINKs right now, going to be at 10k next time I get paid hopefully.
I want to get enough to live frugally until crypto really blasts off.
How many people do they have on their DEV team 2?
NoMore like $5

Why does it just keep going lower and lower and lower?
Starting to question whether it’s worth having so much invested in this coin now.
Major reporting in
No it won't.
Well, it can, but it's not extremely likely.The way I see it there are three likely paths (plus of course the obvious possibility of complete dump and uncovering of scam):>$1 shitcoin by mid-2018, stable-ish hence/biz/ memes turn out to be mostly wrong; it does have real usecases, so if it's not a scam it will still rise, but x5 in 6 months is nothing to write home about in crypto.>$10 by 2018, stable onward /biz/ memes turn out to be mostly right; it becomes a top-tier coin, but doesn't become the next ETH or whatever.
You're still looking at x50 in a few months.>to the fucking moon Another possibility is that it does become the next ETH, and by 2019 passes $50 with steady prospects for growth.Jumping to $100 in 2018 doesn't seem realistic to me (but then anything can happen - including $0.01 by end of december, kek).
4439280Which would still be a 30x on your investment, bretty gud for 6-9 months.
It's so I can buy 1-2k without feeling fiscally irresponsible (because you have to admit this is still gambling)
no sorry maybe mid 2019

Link has great potential but ETH is a platform.
They won't have the same markets.
Doesn't mean it won't soar.
The next ETH is humming along but oddly biz never drops the name of it.
Reminder this has better devs and is a direct competitor for LINK.
Shills are trying to make you forget that this is the real deal and pulling one over on you trying to get you to buy LINK shitcoins while whales buy this.https://mobius.network/
Just use SALT.
lel, hi anarchy-anon.
You're never going to become wealthy without assuming risk.
All succesful businessmen assumed insane amounts of risk to acquire their fortunes.
Gotta stop being FUD man.
I'm not saying invest all your savings, but $100 here and there is a start
Sure, you could.
It's a risk you take, though.
What is the actual use of holding link?
why would they ever have a high demand?>people use link to power contracts>i assume the link they use goes to the miners>miners immediately sell the link back to the companiesat best the price of link will be equal to the electricity cost of mining link which wouldnt be that high.
Now is not the time to stop memeing this coin we still have two years at most to FUD this, we are lucky its held this value for so long but when winter and summer pass and there is still no mainnet release we should be able to accumulate untold amounts of link.This is truly a race to become a prioritized node, small bags or huge bags don't be in-between.
good god is this bait?
mining link?
robin williams yourself.
by mining I mean processing link operations, someone has to do that surely?
tell us more
Kek, the faggot is actually afraid to risk $200 lmao.
Will never make it.
is it the one with the shieldlike logo?
that one is strangely absent around here