I'm so fucking happy that chinese miners got f*cked.Now they'll stop playing tricks with the whole bitcoin market.
Death to PoW, hang the miners.
fucking PoW plebsthe wagecucks of crypto
Very naive question, I know, but who is the scary monster in that picture?
It almost looks human!
Very uncanny valley.
PoS will lead to fragmentation, 100x forks and ultimately to death spiral.PoW is driven by capital, ability, fear and greed.
It is self regulating.
It adds value.Trips of truth.
DPoS > PoW and PoS
 elected delegates
Why cant PoW be faked?How can they tell how much work has been done to create a new block(hash).Why cant i submit a made up hash with fake PoW and earn the reward.Also Who do you submit the new block you mined for verification/payment.
Why cant PoW be faked?> MathHow can they tell how much work has been done to create a new block(hash).> MathWhy cant i submit a made up hash with fake PoW and earn the reward.> MathAlso Who do you submit the new block you mined for verification/payment.> The nodes
>PoW might finally fucking dieThank fuck
Hey there, brainlet
WorkDefinition: Useful targeted and coordinated actions towards a goal.
The produce is then used.StakingDefinition: I hold my bags away from you so you, so you cannot have it.
-- -- Well then keep your efin bags mate !
Yeah Math, but i can make up a number similar to the last block.
How do they know i had 10 miners doing the "real" work or i just made it up in a spreadsheet?
Do it faggot !
If you can !
Is this worse for BTC or BCH?
The people will speak, trough their actions.
The chain with the most hash rate is the real Bitcoin.See the people with skin in the game vote, just like as it was in the good old days :)
They were the ones.
4358572Do some research nigger.
>Announces 'eco-friendly crypto' in 2018 a week ago>This happensDid Bram fucking know?
I will, i just need to go in the right direction without wasting time.I have programming experience and currently running a BitCore node.
Does anyone know if IP addresses of computers doing Bitcoin transactions are coming through to the nodes?
My plan is to put debug output into the node i am running so that i log the IP addresses and then hopefully find a "open" machine that i can hack into.Im too late to this crypto alt coin shit and it looks like the easy pickings are finished.
nuls is the linux of crypto, get your own master node for under 9 grand fast or you might miss out.
There is no such thing as too late.If there is too late, that means, that crypto is just a ponzy.I am also a programmer.
Take a look at the code.
It does one simple thing, the BTC that is.At first we used gold, gold was still there, but we used the notes instead, the gold and the notes are still there, but we use the bits now.Crypto will prevail.
But remember it is just a currency.
The people are the ones that provide the value.And only people that are capable of reason.
Lily gets all the dubs
you/re delusional.
This isn't the first time they tried it, and it's not the last time they will try it.Bitcoin Classic, Bitcoin Unlimited, some other shit I forgot.So many new people here, holy shit.