No Link thread for hours?
Ok, lets have one, since everybody is desperately waiting for one.Price predictions EoY?Why is Link not moving and doing fucking nothing?When can we have news?Go!
>why is link not moving Because there's been no news.
It won't move until news

70 centsNo newsThis week
$1 EOM$5 EOY$500 Q2 2018
AAAAAAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHHAHAH deluded linkies gtfo
This coin is dead mate
man if that actually happened I think i'd do not much of anything and dump half of it into REQ
I'm happy to hodl or die
I get they want the mainnet to be top notch but cant Rory give us a fucking ballpark estimate?
What exactly killed it?
I guess the reason would be to avoid idiotic ADHD hordes of degenerate millennials being all over their asses when they delay it 3h, even though they would just give an approximate date in the first place.
After lurking here in LINK threads for quite some while I begin to understand why they are so reluctant to communicate.
so is now a good time to accumulate bags of this shit, or could it even go down more?
it is highly unlikely that it will drop in $ value, but if BTC surges it will drop in satoshis, I'd guess
Are you joking, or is there some actual math involved in your prediction?
I guess the reason would be to avoid idiotic ADHD hordes of degenerate millennials being all over their assesYep, this board is the single best evidence for this.
Just hold and wait you idiots, there are people on this board legitimately thinking that LINK is a shitcoin because you idiots shilled it to death like any other shitcoin.
I remember the ICO and it selling out within minutes, and the pre-ICO when this board was absolutely full with links to contribute because literally everybody wanted to get in.
Don't look at the chart, don't look at the price, be confident that you invested in something very good and just hold.
If you're not confident then you might as well just sell right now and continue gambling on 0815 shitcoins.
that's a solid, non-generic, response that indicates what many here have been saying: they're focused on the product and partnerships rather than marketing and exchangesjust be patient.
This thing is going to the moon
>Price predictions EoY?$0.13>Why is Link not moving and doing fucking nothing?because it's shit without any serious developers>When can we have news?any kind of news push the price down
Sorry for you to be you.
I think you mean>$130>no news>eventually
God I hope so.
Holding 350 link, just want to pay off my $35k student loans and have enough left over for a down payment on a starter home.
Basically be able to start out at age 33 how my parents started out of highschool.
you're gonna make it brah.
I love Link threads,But what hasn't been saidAlready?
Without new newsThis topic's practically dead.However, that said,In this comfy Link thread,We can say what we please:Shilling or fudding or something else instead.End of year speculation?I see many ask,Knowing in their heartsWhat they know shall soon pass.Ten thousand satoshi,Hundred thousand,A million;(Don't forget: Link's supply is a billion).I reckon by end-of-year,As many have hoped,That the price of a LinkShall eclipse fifty cents.But such a pumpShall bring a dumpAs ever it has been;Forced equilibrium.For the whales they push,And the whales, they pull,The price stays depressedTil they all get their fill...And then, with the pumpComes the dump and the bounce;The whales won't stop'Til they accumulate every ounce.And so, my linkholders,Though your bags be real heavy,I'm sure, at least, if no lambos,We'll all drive fords & chevys.For long will the priceContinue to suckWay down near the bottomBelow half a buckBelow even a quarter(Which is under the priceThat this modest anonAcquired his slice).And so it is nowAnd so it shall beUntil, oh, perhaps June Thirteenth;For then, I suppose, we shall get news.And, by Rory's promiseWe'll soon shoot for the moon,Because SWIFT adoptationWas guaranteed last June.We'll get some newsEventually, I'm sure,But with NDA-covered NDA's,Covered by NDA's, it's not clearWhenever such good newsWill maybe appear.I guarantee a dollar by 2019,With parabolic increase afterwards, never fear.Just hold your bags tightly,In your hands of iron;Trust Sergey's vision,And simply buy in!For every dip is a blessing,An opportunity to accrue;Even a brainlet can tellThe value ChainLink is due.>thanks for reading/0x5418ed09714b64cac15fd83accfa625c8399dea6
>How much LINK are you holding?>What price will you sell at?>When do you expect to reach this price?>What will you do with the money when you sell?>What is the single most important reason you believe in this coin?>What is the most effective FUD you have heard that caused you to doubt?
Obviously LINK dropping like a rock as soon as BTC rallies slightly.
This is so disappointing.
:S
shut the fuck up
2500>$100>never>jack off with it>money>that an average shmuck cant run a node

>mid 20ies >living at home>suffers from anxiety and panic attacks since having two heart ablation>all my "friends" made it>fearing to lose GF because my anxiety to go on dates etc.
pp.>all in Link>planning to sell at 10 USD to build my parents a home where i can live too and take care of them when they cant.
Because thats what they do with me right now.>fucking onion cutting ninjas
Toilets.
LINK is tapping into a QUADRILLION dollar marketpic related
wait, doesn't main net imply that we're getting off the ethereum standard?
if so, wow
Wew
5 dollars end of 2018Only money in it is now
are you done accumulating?
if not why posting this???
EOY?
Likely .30-.40.EOY 2018?
Likely $5-$10, easily.I think people tend to forget one full year in the crypto space.See Bitcoin Prices November 2016.
I remember when I bought ETH at $17 back in March and people on here were laughing at those predicting $100 ETH by EOY I believed in ETH but even I thought $100 ETH was outrageousshows how much I know
I'm trying to keep morale up in the trenches of the LINKmarinesFaithful LINKies will be rewardedThe prophecy will be fulfilled
Here's a ((you))
April 2017>Total market capitalization for Crypto-Currencies Billion>June 2017>Total market capitalization for Crypto-currencies  Billion >Ethereum market cap BillionIm two months ethereums market cap became bigger than the entire crypto market was in April.
Exactly.
People so easily forget, and 2018 will be a huge year for these markets.
Everyone's looking for the next big thing, where do you think they'll be drawn to?
Market-changing tech.
to people who doubt chainlink, just take a fucking glance at this whitepaper, which was PEER REVIEWED, something unheard of in the crypto space:https://link.smartcontract.com/whitepaperyou think this is a JOKE?
compare this to some of the erc20 token shit coins out there with 3 page double spaced white papers.
seriously.
jesus christ.
437502743750494375243437525943752834375305437532943753634375550437563343757184375922437599143760404376187437703143770764377117437716643772274377490
HAS ANYBODY MADE ANY LINK GIRLS?i need a new digibyte-chan

$500 Q2 2018Good luck getting that $175 billion market cap.
no bully pls :(
Joined the Linktrain, 200 euros since this is the absolute first time doing any cryptocurrency stuff
Your gonna make it brah just HODL
Quick question how the fuck am I supposed to get google auth to work
create a new profile, paste in the privacy code that the exchange gives you and there you go, new code every 30s or so
Well, I mean, I keep getting bond failed and fail etc etc, is it the pw for the binance I'm supposed to type in first or what?
It takes weapons-grade autism to figure out that fucking whitepaper.
How was ETH perceived earlier this year?
Did anyone think it would get to where it is now?
Was it shilled as heavily on /biz/ as LINK is?
Oh wait, seems like most people got problems with google auth on Binance, never mind
nobody believed
 EOY was laughed out of the room.
Guys I met people working for Swift at a financial event.
They confirmed me about the POC and said it was a success.
The board of Swift will decide in the incomming months if they launch an offer (with Chainlink) to all their banks clients.
Shit it will be huge if it happens !!!
Fuck off Pajeet.
Your English is terrible and the larp obvious.
Accumulating this coin the way I did Neo when it was Antshares last year at 20 cents.
No it is true.
My english sucks because I am French.
The event was in Paris and called AFTE.
It is not big news.
Just that it is not decided if Swift will do it or not.
But it is a fucking moon mission if it happens.
Don't believe me I don't care.
It was FUDded as a Russian scam, they talked shit about it being inflationary vs BTC being deflationaryI invested at $17 back in February or March this year and even I remember  being sceptical about $100 EOY price predictions
fuck, if "we ethereum but for china" coin could go from 20c to 50$ why on earth would LINK go to 100$
wouldn't*
Tu as vraiment été à l'événement ?
Et de qui tiens-tu cette information ?
Oui, j'y étais cette après-midi et il y avait un stand Swift du coup je leur ai posé la question.
Ils ont dis quoi exactement ?
Que le POC avait bien fonctionné.
Le board de Swift va décider dans les prochains mois s'ils lancent une offre (associée à Chainlink) à leurs banques partenaires.
C'est pas forcément des grosses news mais c'est rassurant
most effective fudPrice bleeding out, rabid and deluded investors, project held together by duct tape, Sergay is fat.
Did I miss anything?
Ouais c'est pas mal, merci pour l'info
WHY WON'T YOU TALK TO ME?!?!?
WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?!?!?!?
Just bought 3k link will I make it?
This pretty much.