So many bagholders shilling shitcoins here hoping for an impossible dream.
If you're interested in getting a big return, you need to be ahead of the curve.Here's an example faggots.Some of you will plan to buy Encrypgen tokens when they start appearing on Etherdelta Saturday and Sunday.
Some of you will wait till it's already 5x and notice.>$20billion market place for genomics, doubling in next 7 years>No one connecting large genomic datasets globally, now achieved with GeneChain>Already profitable company, with data live January>Sales team in 3 continents>Raising $6million in VC funding>coinmarketcap of $3.6million if it was there now, easily going to the top 150 and generating a 9x return.
>functional application of blockchain tech, solving a real world problem not some minor irritation for basement dwelling neckbeards
Some of us from the lower casts decide to go for shitty shitcoins like Jesuscoin or Paccoin and trade them on Tradesatoshi and take a profit of +.01 DOGEWe are amazing, we are Shitcoiners
Ok faggot, give me the contract address of the token.
Was tempted to get in on ICO for this but got distracted by chasing shitcoin PnDs.
wut?It literally says you cannot buy it till Saturday /Sunday.
Do some research now, plan to buy then.
PUPPER COIN WILL MOON I TELLS YOU JUST GIVE IT A CHANCE
Don't get distracted again, buy on the weekend before it gets more attention.
Better than most other projects, will be on coinmarketcap around 350th place.
Where's it going after that?
I didn't say that I wanted to trade it now.
The tokens could have been locked up for all I know.
Is there any use case for the tokens?
"shilling shitcoins">shills a shitocoinAre you by any chance the creator of this uhm, coin?
Genomic metadata is added to the blockchain, pharma companies and researchers buy tokens to purchase this.So if you think a worldwide, secure, genetic database will be valuable to these groups then having the tokens that they use to acquire info from the blockchain will be good for you.
The information will be live January, 1st genomics labs data will be there then
all in on Request coin
Makes coin for top kek>discovers people will use coin>better kek