Salt, the shittoken which has pre-sale for tokens at 0.25$ each.is scam!
here is proof:https://medium.com/@saltisfraud/why-salt-lending-token-is-scam-e435b811f405
Reported, 5th thread with the same weak fud.
I m not the same person!
All this SALT fud is getting my dick hard.
Going to be buying a fuckton more tonight.
you can't handle the truth!
i'm placing buy orders at .0005, .0004, and .0003i hope your little bullshit blog campaign works out.
thanks in advance.
Whoever wrote this article is an idiot.
The loans are bundled, and managed by a SEC registered investment company.
The bundled loan products are only offered to accredited investors.Individual loans can be purchased after origination as an investment product by institutional investors and broker dealers.
Wow, this is the worst written article I have ever read.
It reads like a random chink/pajeet guy wrote it on paid.
Wow IT IS actually true.
I posted this at Salt telegram chat and whales said "shut it down, we have not dumped everything yet"
Clearly those whales have never worked in the investment industry, which is fine, but they have no idea what they are talking about.
Sir i am afraid that you have not idea what you are talking about
I do know what I am talking about regard to SALT.
You have not an idea.
I have took a loads of time to research the SALT token fully, it is pure ponzi and scam.
Your should get out while you are still at profit, soon you are not.
>Up from $2.20 to >$4 in a week>platform launching before Q1 2018>$25 on platform> Use crypto as collateral, cash out on crypto gains without capital gains taxSorry, brainlet.
Your FUD is irrelevant here.
Anyone with a cranial capacity over 50CC (Note:average human cranial capacity: 1300CC) can see this is a goldmine.
Indeed.
You'd have to be a dirty street-shitting pajeet not to go load up on SALT right goddamn now.
You don't even speak English.
You have no idea what is SEC compliant in a country you don't even live in.I, too, have researched SALT and several people I know in the investment and banking industries in the UNITED STATES have also researched it.
It is NOT a ponzi scheme and it is 100% compliant here.
Up from $2.20 to >$4 in a weekit is never good to buy all time high price.
do not buy now, sell now.
it is all time high, sell the high buy low!i am lawyer i know what is SEC compliant i have studied it..
i am lawyer i know what is SEC compliant i have studied it..No you are a liar.
I work in regulatory compliance in the UNITED STATES with lawyers who specialize in regulatory compliance.
They are also broker dealers and intend on considering purchasing SALT loans as investments.
Dude you are a fucking retard.
"it is never good to buy all time high price..."If you'd bought BTC at any of the previous ATHs (except during the last, like, week) you would have still turned a nice profit later.SALT is going to the moon.
Buying now is getting it for CHEAP.