/Biz/, how much would you pay for another year of your life?
One more year of getting rekt by alts?AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
not shorting your life
How much would I pay to live longer?
Nigga, I would pay everything I have to end it right now.
loving the optimism ITT
>opening a serious thread> crypto meme> /biz/
$15.95 a month for a a few years to saturate my bodyI functionally have eternal youthhttp://www.buckylabs.com/products/lazy brainlets never fucking research I hope you get just'd
Nobody born past 1990 is going to die from old age
What if you could get one hundred million dollars right now, but the catch is you'd die when you hit forty, would you do it?
God fucking damnitNow I'm stuck here forever?
Basically, yeah.
I'm currently studying Genetics and Biotechnology and can vouch that there's been a staggering amount of progress made in the last few years towards slowing down the aging process.
Nobody born past 1990 is going to die from old ageYou're forgetting about the exorbitant fees that radical life extension will likely entail.
Only the rich and perhaps the upper-middle class will be able to afford to attain eternal life.
Fortunately, I come from a wealthy family, so I'm already set.
/Biz/, how much would you pay for another year of your life?I'd honestly pay one-million dollars for every year past my natural lifespan.
I hope you're right but you're most likely not.
I mean there probably will be radical life-extending procedures in our life time, but they'll probably also be radically expensive.
By the time they get cheap, we'll probably be long gone
i'll do it myselfthe gubmint can't keep me here forever
i would sell decades of my life for a few millions.
living is overrated.
fuck existence.
i didn't ask for this shit.
42471354246930Came here to shill organizations that are actively looking into this, through public donations.
If any of you become richfags, consider researching and helping out!sens.org> Our research emphasizes the application of regenerative medicine to age-related disease, with the intent of repairing underlying damage to the body's tissues, cells, and molecules.
Our goal is to help build the industry that will cure the diseases of aging.
lifespan.io> crowdfunding anti-aging researchGood introduction:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjdpR-TY6QUTake heart Anons, the future could be much brighter
This is 4chan -- neets require *receiving* some kind of payment just to not commit suicide
Google has already devoted billions of dollars to their anti-aging research branch company 'Calico'.
They're laying low it seems, as they haven't advertised at all, and generally nobody even knows that they exist.
God dammit dying was the one thing I had to look forward to but now I can't even dieREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
It's great because they've created exposure for the field of rejuvenation biotech.On the flip side the chief scientist at sens.org criticizes them for narrowing their focus on trying to better understand aging in the hopes of being able to slow it down, instead of just focusing on the promise of focusing on alleviating age-related damage which could reverse aging altogether.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C450X2nUwh8From a business and financial perspective, it's looking good though.
In a few years, we could be seeing some crazy investment opportunities emerging from this new industry.More relevant today, SENS actually accept bitcoins as donations, which is opening up all sorts of opportunities for crowdfunded altruism.
Let's go to the moon in a few years, donate/invest 0.01 BTC each to the most needed projects, and we might literally go to the moon.
It's great because they've created exposure for the field of rejuvenation biotechWithin the biotech community, but essentially no 'common folk' attention as of yet.>In a few years, we could be seeing some crazy investment opportunities emerging from this new industryYep, seems like more billionaires and millionaires come out of the woodwork everyday to invest money into radical life-extension.
> SENS actually accept bitcoins as donationsWell, bitcoins are worth a mighty penny right now.
actually suicide is free my dude
Id actually pay just to know how long I'd live, so I can kill myself a day before just to fuck everything over
Of course not
Some % of boomers will live forever.You're forgetting technology is deflationary and improving at an exponential rate.
AI and automation will eventually bring down costs to close to raw materials + margin.
, can confirm.
Diabetes is going to get my assOn that note, who here is going all-in on BrimleyCoin?
Well.
One day before my supposed death I'd pay almost all I have to get one more year.
Who cares about how much money you have dead?
kek
I would sell a year of my life for 10btc