Poor people are superior to rich people.Knowing this fact, why do you still support capitalism?
people who give away all their shit end up poorNO FUCKING WAY
implying disenfranchising ones self to give more power to another being is superior>implying those flying on private jets over your head while you share your bread makes are inferior to youget real anon.
Lmao how many libraries and university halls are named after poor people?Zero that's what
Rich people are superior, they rose to that place with their above average intellect and genes, they also breed with the best of the best because money.
Poor people fuck trashcans and their sisters.
generosity is inferiority
Patrician tier>Rich people who were born poorPleb tier>Poor people who were born rich>Rich people who were born rich>Poor people who stay poor for their whole life
Nietzsche referred to this garbage idea as "slave morality", the idea that suffering makes you more human, imagine believing and owning a faith that indicates that being bottom of the pile makes you a better human, cognitive dissonance at its finest
3Yd8bX0e Trump does his daughter lol
fuck off newfag
edgy nihilist go back to watching rick and morty
1) "a study found" is not acceptable proof2) historically, capitalism has been the most efficient system at creating wealth, and this wealth trickles down even when not in the form of $.
How many poor people lack a smartphone?
How many rich people had a smartphone in 1997?3) capitalism has no credible alternative.
communism failed in every country it was implemented.
socialism runs out of other people's money and turn to ultra capitalist policies shielded behind pseudo-moral arguments (replacement migration).
libertarianism could work with 130+ IQ whites and asians but in the real world it gives you somalia.
retard that's never read Nietzsche thinks he knows what he's talking aboutNietzsche wasn't a nihilist, his writings warned of the dangers of nihilism.
"g-go back to watching r-rick and m-morty, n-nihilist edgelord!
">he says, wearing a Steven Universe shirt and chibi Captain America baseball hat
4435415To fully understand Nietzsche and his point is to go beyond nihilism.