BTC and BCC are battling it out for the No.
1 spot.Coinbase announced they would be adding BCH market to their app.Numerous exchanges have announced they are adding BCH markets.If you sold already youre a retardIf you are going to sell youre a retard that deserves to loose all your moneyIf you are holding BCH, welcome to Lambo club.
> Coinbase announced they would be adding BCH market to their app.Proof or GTFO
>If you are holding BCH, welcome to Lambo club.
Coinbase announced they would be adding BCH market to their app.BCH still probably isn't going into play there until Jan 1st>Numerous exchanges have announced they are adding BCH markets.You mean that one small exchange that put up a twitter poll?Also difficulty adjustment soon
Isn't coinbase only adding the ability to withdraw bitcoin cash and not deposit it?
That's correct.
time for round two
N-no, n-no!C-core dev is the real coin!T-this already happened in august and they fail :D (not nervous)G-give it a week and nobody will remember this he, he.
Coinbase announced they would be adding BCH market to their app.And it's going to dump so hard when they do.
Normies don't want that shit.
Moon resuming btw
Definitely not a pump and dump.
The failure of 2x has united all big blockers around Bitcoin Cash.
Also if you check r/btc, there are more and more former r/bitcoin fags getting redpilled on Blockstrean/Core.
This is only the beginning.
Man, this is exciting.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin, a global P2P digital cash system.
Feels like how bitcoin was back in 2011 or 2012.
We're all gonna make it, Cashbros.
/bizbros/ GIVE YOUR ENERGY TO BCH
https://twitter.com/JihanWu/status/926076475656126466>Bitcoin is Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin Cash.
:20 AM - 2 Nov 2017
You have your brain washed if you previously had it.
There is nothing BCC have to offer besides making Chinese miners a lot of money and guys like Ver, you will lose your entire savings over night for being shilled by scammers
Not if you sell at right time, no
>inb4 satoshi's vision, flippening etc
Lol, see how the mighty have fallen to pajeet shit street.
Better get some lessons in pawning your shit coin off
ive made over 2 grand off this shit in two days you fucking no-coiner faggoti hope youre hands are stuck to your vagina while holding those BTC bags
Realized I was wrong about this coin 2 days ago.
I should've listened sooner.>inb4 I get called a paid BCH shill by the same biztard's that bought LINK's ATH
Merk Kerpeles is now a billionaire(and good looking)
No coiner faggot>>Btc holding vagina ownerAlso pics or it didn't happen pajeet ;)
THE KING IS DEAD LONG LIVE THE KING
lol, coinbase won't add bcash.
it might go on gdax when they add other shitcoins to their exchange, but it's not going in their wallet, from now on any significant airdrop from bitcoin is just going to be a one time withdrawal for any of these wallet apps
Sounding desperate now.
Playing the long game.
Wait and see.
;)
protip: never let your girlfriend convince you to trust her tarot reading about when to sell or hold.
I dont get why bitcoiners are so upset.You want Bitcoin to be a store of value, so let it be a store of value.Let the exchanges pair with BCH, let people buy BCH from sites so they can use BCH transactionally.You guys werent memeing when you said Bitcoin was a store of value, right?
don't tell me what to do
mc affee mines bch now
This
You fucking idiots, if BCH wins the number one spot will he meaningless because the market will be dead.
Good luck trying to liquidate those BCH gains you shortsighted cunts.
4324494shut it
please tell me what to do
retarded fallacy
Good luck trying to liquidate your BTC.
5 blocks an hour, 100k+ pending transactions.
:^)I've been waiting over 12 hours to liquidate my BTC holdings.
It's probably better than taking advice from /biz/
No substantive comeback as usual, typical Jihan cocksucker You are utterly delusional if you think the death of Core will result in anything but a catastrophic crash that will likely last for years.
Try harder:Trade BTC for Litecoin.Send Litecoin.Sell Litecoin.
this.
Shucks, well it looks like it's still going to take me over a day to take this bitcoin from my bitcoin wallet to the exchange so I can make the initial transaction, all while charging me $5 to do it.
desperationare you retarded or are you just a faggot?you can liquidate btc to eth or ltc and cash out, fuckface
You're supposed to only ask your girlfriend general questions when she does tarot or whatever womenscraft she practices.Dont ask such specific questions.
suck your own dick?
undoubtedly, however, i'm convinced that my computer is somehow connected with a secret crypto manipulating AI supercomputer that automatically does the opposite of what I do.
tinfoil hat game strong here.
https://support.coinbase.com/customer/portal/articles/2853600-bitcoin-cash---frequently-asked-questionscan i mine this nigger ?
or is full of chink control again?
too many vertebrae in the way.
Coinbase announced they would be adding BCH market to their app.>Numerous exchanges have announced they are adding BCH markets.This is really where it's worth holding and playing the long game with Bitcoin cash.
The easier it is to get fiat directly into BCH the higher it'll go.
By betting on more exchanges opening up to BCH and loading up NOW you're able to get in before a wave of normies does.Exchanges move at a glacial pace, but it's going to mean a wildly different world in 3 months or so.
>hurr BTC was $7000 dollars so if the flippening happens then BCH will be $7000 dollarsThis is what cash cucks actually believe.
What they fail to realize is that a large part of the price increase for BTC in recent month was due to institutional investors entering the game.
Do you think they're going to see their losses in BTC, which are a result of very transparent market manipulation, and then move an equal amount of capital into BCH?
No you dumb fucks, they are going to exit the market and never look back.
Do you think they're going to see their losses in BTC, >>which are a result of very transparent market manipulation, If by "manipulation" you mean selling a shitty coin because it's not working anymore and promised capacity upgrades failed...well that's not manipulation>and then move an equal amount of capital into BCH?
No you dumb fucks, they are going to exit the market and never look back.Nope.
If they can make money they'll get in.
And they can make money.
Get ready for the new and improved bitcoin ;)
Nope.
If they can make money they'll get in.
And they can make money.lmao.
You honestly think that if they make 100% losses on BTC they will move money into BCH knowing that the entire market is now controlled by a greedy chinese billionaire with penchant for market manipulation.If their BTC investments turn to dust overnight they will never touch crypto again.
They don't need to, they can make money in much safer ways.
They are testing the water in crypto right now.
core is developing BTCwho's developing bch?
will they just keep the old satoshi's codebase and just up the block limit when they need to?
that´s the "future" of bitcoin?
lmao srsly
Yes man, have to get those quick gainz.
Are you going to explain to all your customers how you did not buy the new and improved bitcoins when you had the chance?
I't almost criminal negligence to not do so...
its most of these babbies first foray into the real world or financial market and they have no conceptualization of the forest.
They just see the trees.
What they'll have to explain to their "customers" is that they lost all their fucking money on BTC.>new and improved bitcoinsDo you cash cucks actually believe this?
BCH is technologically just as shitty as core, it's just slightly less vulnerable to the kind of attack core is experiencing right now.
They have NO roadmap or vision whatsoever for improving BCH in future.
Don't tell me you're one of those r/btc types who honestly believes Jihan and Ver are on some moral crusade because they really believe BCH is the future?
They're just billionaires doing what they do best: making money at your expense.
Lol you cuck.
Did you even read the coinbase article?
muh core devsself-imposed developers of Bitcoin, ousted Satoshi elected Leader of development, Gavin Andersen.2 years later, BTC tx stuck...
ouch.
"segwit is a block size increase" they said.deluded core shill.
btc islam edition>Gavin is the legitimate successor hurhurI see satoshi's btc wallet untouchedthe fair faithful ones (bitcoin core) supporters will win aka go to heaven.
We will prevail