Can an anon with ERC20 dev experience get this going?I feel this would be an excellent crypto currency for our community, we can be early adopters and buy lambos when it gets exchange listed.who would get in on this?
perhaps this is better for now.
calling graphic pros to make coin art
Give me some meme features to include.Shitting instead of staking?Every transaction/stake removes some of the developer's wallet?Airdrop to the largest holders of the most popular shitcoins?
Top fuckin kek we need this to happen
squatting/shitting instead of stakingthe white paper should be called a brown paperutilising defecation ledger technology
could somehow make it related to the world poo poo/sanitation problem>tfw /biz/ finds the solution to the world's poo crisis with a literal shitcoin
lol what if the metamorphasizes into a p2p curency for the poorest of the poor to have banking, where they send their pajeethereums to the wallets of neigborhood WC owners.
now u have poor indians paying microtransactions to western toilet lords who own the toilets in their neighboor hood
Name: PajeetCoin Decimals: 8 Symbol: POO
No Pajeetash?
Symbol: POO is perfectPajeethereum for now, BitJeet is catchy too
If we're going to create something similar to niggercoin can we get some testimonials as for why to buy this coin?
Pajeethereum is the coin of the future no doubt:>payment system integration with 7Eleven and Uber by 2019>engineering faculties around asia working on implementing POO payment systems by 2021>all IT workers expected to be paid exclusively in Pajeethers by late 2018>Indian government department of matrimony creating dowry transfer system based on POOs blockchain What are you waiting for?
topkek
it will have PoW...
Proof of Wipe
lmao this too
You are thinking of Pajeetcoin (POO)@poo_coin on twitter
We are Pajeether, slight differences.
But I guess we can't steal the POO code.
Guess we'll have to use either PJT or LOO
Streetmap instead of roadmap
Bahahha
4477441Is Pajeetcoin even actually in use?
If not i see no problem with using the POO symbol
If it's not popular we can use it for pajeether