>There are whales who bought 200+ BTC worth of BCH at 0.4
Whales are people too.And people are completely retarded.
I just feels so good there's a chance that they just threw away nearly $300,000
implying it's not headed back up right now>implying now that theirs not a bunch of rich bagholders are now emotionally invested
And within a half hour they'll be back at .4 buddy boy.
It's already back at .3 right now
i wonder if any whales have ever been absolutely demolished like they buy $5M worth of something that instantly crashes by 50% within seconds and they lose millions and want to suicide on the spot?
God I hope so
It's forming a rising wedge pattern right now.Google that, and prepare your diaper
No, whales can just move the markets themselves in most cases.
Probably a few get liquidated though.
Yes.
Back in 2008
It doesn't feel good seeing shit like that, benefits of being a whale is that its not your entire portfolio, you can make it back fast and you can afford to hold.
hur durr muh TA>the exchange with all the volume is down you silly double nigger.
We won't really know what's gonna happen until Korean trading is back up.
They were the majority of trade volume and right now everyone's flying independent of them
meme linesfuck off grandpa
Exact same pattern it had yesterday this time, and look where we are now.
4315567It's too late to save you morons I really hope you're still holding this P+D pajeetcoin
This actually happens all the time.Right now, you don't know it, but you're watching whales eat whales.
4315603Are your hands getting itchy yet?
>it have bitcoin in its name>so it's not a shitcoinOh, newcoiners, when will you learn.Only the King matters, everything else is for pnd.
>Whale puts up two 1000 BTC walls>Both eatenGet fucked richies
4315603Can you bros explain this to me?
I'm just a retarded TA fag.where did you go?that wasn't a rising wedge.
I know the pattern you're talking about, and it's not the same thing
It all returns to nothing, it all comestumbling down, tumbling down,tumbling down,
Erect pointy bull cock about to jizz over your face - Google it
thats sick, makes me think its some Gordon Gecko vs Larry Wildman in Wallstreet, just shitting on each other.
i hope some whales went bankrupt today
This is what it looks like when the Koreans and Chinese plot for months to make BCC the biggest scam pump in the history of crypto, and before you are ready to do your coordinated dump (keeping the price constant with hash power) some old BTC whales, exchanges, and greedy people part of the pump, dump the shit out of the coin.
sold 30BTC when BCH was $800 and then flipped back to BTC at $2300best day of my life
crazy, right?
Congrats on making it man.
Enjoy those lambos
LMAO!
!TA is nothing to do this histroic artificial BCH pump by korean exhagesits coming down and hard, because its pumped so up so artificiallymuh flippeningLMAO!!!
Next 1000 BTC wall is here.
Let's watch the fun
holy fucking shit ladsimagine buying at the top of that, and it's still falling!
I have a screen shot of a guy buying bch at 0.5 with 1000 bitcoins.
Selling it for a bitbean
post it please
pic related
it was never 0.5
Poloniex, check it out.
It was
What's a good app that has depth charts?
Poloniex0.53890581 24hours high
4316243Is poloniex untrustworthy?
I wonder how it feels for them now that their investment is worth 50% of what they paid
not at all
is this sarcasme, does this make autistic for not knowing?
If all of my money weren't tied up in illiquid shitcoins I might have made the same mistake.
why are you asking then?
Everything about this BCC P&D is artificial.Not only buy walls, but also bots buying the frontline.My bet, this play results in so much SEC attention and wordwide regulators, that to "save" BTC, it will become added to regular stock exchanges, and will be slowly but profitably killed by a mass adoption, making all this Wild West vs. East bullshit a thing of the past.
was he able to sell all ?
Yep entire thing was filled in less than a minute
jfc, we are all just peasants to these behemoths and their gamesso glad i have held my original BTC investment and BCH coins.
Also, this is just the beginning.
If you guys continue to move your shit around you are playing with fucking fire.
whales are accumulating