>PSA!!
!MARKET CRASH THIS WEEKEND!!
!Remember folks.
Tomorrow is a long weekend in USA.
Remember the last ones?
Independence day, Columbus day, Halloween, etc.?
Yip all market crashes.Somebody wants to ruin 2017 for amerifags.
And tomorrow will be the next big chance.
BIZ STAY AWAKE
And yet tether isn't safe.What to do?
Coinbase/kraken voor real dollars instead of monopoly money.
Tether not safe, long weekend.
A storm is coming.
It's a happening
4502239I would tell you guys that you could always sell to fiat, then I remembered most biz users are street shitting pajeets
gdax is good
As soon as you trade for fiat you're expected to pay taxes
buy THAT coin
not if im literally poor with zero income, right?
I literally don't have income and im gambling some of my savings.
I heard i could earn up to 20k with very minimal taxes?
not with localbitcoins
I will dump 2K into BCH and see what dragon slayer is going to bring.
I am german.
We don't shit on streets.
And we can cash out in € at kraken... with some patience.
Which I do before every major american holiday.
Always works.
do you have any advice how to deal with the Finanzamt with cryptos?
Did you have to do it yet?
I know about the 1 year rule but what happens if you trade?
I have not yet found a credible source but as far as I understand it, its the following: every trade is a taxable event.
You have to add your gains and losses and pay capital gains tax on your gains.
If you wait 1 year between a buy and sell the same rules as for gold applies and you don't have to pay taxes on the difference.
However if you gain Zinsen from crypto the waiting time increases to 10 years.There is an allowance of about 800€ per year which is tax free on capital gains.
Also if you don't pay income tax from a regular job you can deduct ~8000€ from your gains but have to apply for it.
If you lose everything / somebody steals your stuff, you don't need to pay anything.
Oh ffsNew idea: I try to get rich and get an accountant
What exactly are Crypto Zinsen though?
I just invest long term, so i buy shitcoins for 50€ each and wait for at least one of them to rise, if they do rise and iam not cashing out until the year is over, do i still have to pay taxes on it?