We are be accepting applications for our established coin pool called the Franklin & Schusterman group.A coin pool is a fairly new concept in the crypto world.
It is where a group of members put in a certain amount of money to then be invested as a group, instead of individually.
The profits are then distributed respectively to the amount you contributed to the pool.Ex.
You put in .5 BTC and our pool goes up 10% one week, you are then given .55 BTC, if you wanted to cash out 100%What is the benefit of a coin pool, why can't you simply invest by yourself?Well, sure you can invest by yourself, however a coin pool prevents unnecessary fomo buying, panic selling, and weak holding in general, as were all guilty of doing these things and losing money.
A coin pool also allows someone to put in money and take a break from constantly checking the charts and worrying about losing your money.Here are our most resent results based off the current market using long and short positions to hedge and return profit:1 month - 30%6 months - 190%12 months - 390%36 months - 1,200%Are current group has 34 members and we are opening up 6 additional spots for a limited time.
Our 3 analysts who pick the coins we will invest in have a combined 54 years of trading experience with trading bonds, stocks, futures, and crypto.
We have 3 full time professional technical analysts from Golman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, and Merrill Lynch that have been investing in crypto since 2012, more recently full time since 2015.
Designations are CFA CFP and CIMA.
In return, we ask for a management fee of 4.75% of profits.We will be allowing 6 more contributors untill the public application stage is closed.
This stage will be reopened once we move into our recently bought office space and our online wallet is released.
Contributing requirements:- No alt coins allowed- Maximum initial investment of 5 BTCOur near future goals:We plan on setting up a website in the near future where public contributors can easily deposit money into their investment wallet.
From their investment wallet dashboard they can see their gains and withdraw whenever they want.We hope to become a major cryptocurrency brokerage that people can trust.If you are interested or have any questions please message me for more detailsDiscord: DanielFineman#2312Kik: DanielFineman
>We are be accepting applications Nope
link to ICO?what's cap?how many circulating supply?got the whitepaper?wait... you want what..?go fuck yourself guy
Yes, this would be advertised on /biz/ on 4chan.Yes.Very exclusive, much once in a life time opportunity, extremely wow.
hello SEC.
fuck off pajeet
1/10 scam
'are group' has 3 analysts from 'golman sachs' geez dude you ARE a fucking retarded scambag from delhi
Bitpetite 2.0
post your infowhere do i send my BTC
 three technical analystsGive me a fucking break.
Discord: DanielFineman#2312Kik: DanielFineman2 spots left