Guys, hope everybody enjoyed the POWR ride.
We did it!
And hopefully all anons took their 10x profits and got the fuck out before that ship sinksI know this coin gets memed to death here, but the next 10x is unironically REQ.
It's simply the most undervalued project in crypto (its market cap is only $43MM for crying out loud)It's currently trading at $0.06, and I know some people say they're not selling under $1, but I think a more realistic price target is $0.25 by end of year.Of course there's the announcement tomorrow, but I don't think that's gonna move the price much.
One signal I've been following closely is the amount of Chinese members joining the (unofficial) Telegram channel.
Seems like this has exploded the last few days, and we all know the Chinese love to pump shit.Hell, just the rumors of a potential Coinbase (another YC company!)
listing in Q1 2018 should be enough to 5x this bad boyThoughts?
coinbase is not in the business of listing low volume shit coinsif anything, they will list something like ripple, monero, neo etcalso the other reasons you gave are retardedif you look at the price charts, REQ pumps before the biweekly update every single time, then dumps immediately afterenjoy being down 40%
So you see absolutely no long term potential for a significant product or a Blockchain PayPal?
https://www.gdax.com/static/digital-asset-framework-2017-11.pdfREQ meets every criteria hereStay poor you fucking autist
there is absolutely long term potential, just not soon like OP is suggesting, probably closer to Q2/Q3 2018https://www.gdax.com/static/digital-asset-framework-2017-11.pdfyoure dense, there are many coins that meet those criteria, keep dreaming about REQ of all fucking things getting listed on coinbase soon lmao
Get on board to the moon!
if you look at the price charts, REQ pumps before the biweekly update every single time, then dumps immediately afterWhile you were looking, did you notice that it never quite drops as low as the previous period?
i.e.
it dumps up 10, then down 7.
Clear accumulation in preparation of upcoming news (not necessarily tomorrow's update).
Should I move my Bitcoin into this?
I haven’t reached my goal REQ is Bitcoin is slow and steady..