I am new to Cryptocurrency.
Can someone explain to me what a "Whitelist" is please?
Join this Pump & Dump grouphttps://discord.gg/NKhHtfU
whitelist is a document by the company explaining the technicalities of their product
means only white people can invest
A list made of people that are not niggers.It's a priviledge be in a white list.
A pdf with all the info about X cryptocurrency and what they want to achieve.
Go to any crypto page (Ark) and download the whitepaper.
Oh, so kind of like a prospectus for a cryptocurrency?
ThisThat's a whitepaper pajeet
4296490No.That's the whitepaper, the white paper is the document where is written the name of the white people that can invest.
herehttps://rivetzintl.com/rvt-white-paper-1.02.pdf
you swab the inside of your mouth and send your DNA to be analyzed by the bitcoin blockchain.
if it finds that you are 99% white you get added to the whitelist, and from there you can participate in ICOs for new cryptocurrency coins.if you are less than 99% white you can't join the whitelist.this is why Bitcoin was accepted as the only donation option on websites such as Daily Stormer dot com before it was shutdown.BTC is widely known to also be used by notorious wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who also happens to be a FUCKING WHITE MALE, and who leaked shitlery's emails, thus helping another fucking white male win the U.S. presidency.connect the dots, fucko.
why do you think it's not called a blackpaper
lmao at this thread.
These are the people you take investment advice from.
Mistaking whitelist with whitepapers
whitelist = list of approved white peoplewhitepaper = your personal white identification
verge though
whitelist = good, u r in, do wantblacklist = bad, u b&, do not wantwhitepaper = goodblackpaper, brownpaper, yellowpaper = no one even uses these termsso simpo
this is the best you get from /biz/ OP
A list of cumskins who should kill themselves
>my God, wtf am I even doing here
Just a list of white people
Thanks for nothing guys