Sup /biz/So most of you are caught up in the crypto pumps but I know there are some people still in the business world here that may be able to help meI'm looking for download links to anything related to study materials for the Series 63 and Series 6 exams.
Poorfag here and the company I work for won't cover the study materials
Sorry I don't have any links to help you with OP, but I was thinking of majoring in finance/accounting.
How was it like in college?
Were classes hard or boring?
What about your career?
General thoughts?Ty if you can answer some of these and I hope you find what you're looking for anon.
I'm currently in school for accounting but I am working with New York Life Insurance while I am in school.
I highly suggest you pursue an accounting degree and maybe minor in finance.
The reality is that you can teach yourself anything related to finance but the requirements to be a CPA are very strenuous and you should try meeting them ASAP
Series 63 was a walk in the park, i used pass perfect.
Basically I read the whole book even though I didn't understand or remember everything, then read it again the next day.
Series 6 shouldn't be that bad either, just put the time studying.
libgen.io my dude
Do you know any place I can find study materials online that I can download?
It's a little tough nowadays finding links
What an amazing website, but nothing on the series 63 or series 6 :/
Look on ebay.
Just remember there may be some changes in regulation if you buy older material but usually not enough to make a difference between passing and not passing.
This is just an example for $15.00 that I found when I searched for you.
This is not my auction and I have nothing to do with the seller.
Just and example.https://www.ebay.com/itm/SERIES-6-SPECIAL-STUDY-Test-Prep-500-EXAM-QUESTIONS-AND-SERIES-63-BEST-DEAL/192362724242?hash=item2cc9b63b92:g:hc4AAOxyOlhSzenF Having passed a number of regulatory exams in the past, I have found that you don't need the study material, just the questions and answers.
Do not memorize the answers, but read them to understand the concept.
If you are unsure of anything, look it up on Investopedia.
Thank you so much for the advice my manSo you're saying the concepts stay the same no matter the year you're taking the exam in, correct?
Also right on Investopedia:https://www.investopedia.com/professionals/series6/https://www.investopedia.com/professionals/series63/Free study guides
Yes, just some regulations updates from time to time.
Just linked free study material from Investopedia, too.
I had seen it but I was looking for some of the reputable study guides (i.e.
Kaplan) because of their success rate.
Having these and the sample questions I feel I can sniff out the information now.
Thanks a lot man
Thank you anon I appreciate the response and advice.
You're welcome.
I hope it helps.This guy on ebay has created a PDF of the Kaplan series 6 & 63 study materials plus some bonus stuff all for $20.00.
He has 100% positive feedback.
Looks like what you need.https://www.ebay.com/itm/Kaplan-Version-10-Series-6-LEM-63-Study-Materials-Bonus-Material/202112893826?epid=3007713112&hash=item2f0ede0382:g:u2EAAOSwCbtZvIYI