How does it feel, gentlemen?
How does it feel to make thousands of dollars every week while poorfags like me have an empty BTC account?
it does not feel very goodyou always want moreride will never end
this.
fucking money
4363292What the...
Throw some cents and I'll share your burden.
Get a job
ThisWhatever number you have in your head OP, tack a zero on the end.
That becomes the next goal when you reach the first one.>wouldn't it be nice to have $100k>ok but what about $1m>shit, I made it here - next stop $10m>I can make $100m.
>$1b.
etc
just it 5 figures and whlie i have a long way to go, all i can think about is plotting my way to 100k
This is probably true.
But It's still better to have 100k than 0, like OP here.
Even if you want more.
nah, once I reach, say $3 million, I can easily ride out the rest of my days without ever having to wagecuck again, which is my main objective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5uD62Plakg:57
Feels goodJust throw in like 20k and fucking start wining
Just throw in like 20k and fucking start winingI actually work, but all the money goes to basic needs, and the rest is for my family (I support them as much as I can, you know).
Im not rich, but you can fucking feel the greed crawling in your skull as the gainz rise.If you're not smart you end up losing, because the dip is around the corner.
Then invest what you can, even if it's 50 usd.
feels good enough to have top tier food and drinks and stuff while trading
made 4k this week now i cant stop checking blockfoliohelp
Somebody said $10?1MVuhPb1sZ5VsEL38tGKSmaLk1MX1QqACz
What kind of portfolio do the super rich above $100,000,000 actually have?
They own stock in big companies and property
Isn't it hilarious that money is supposed to represent efforts, goods and services, yet becoming a millionaire is only achievable through 'gambling'?
Why wagecuck other than to initialize another investment, ever?
I always thought that money represents intelligence (and favorable circumstances).
you must be poor then.
Pretty much this, I am not going to deny it.
Just buy ZAP and hodl man

I lose money by trading shitcoins pretty much every day.
It's all good because BTC keeps going up.
Nah, just have a goal in mind that you tell yourself from the start.
My goal is $1,000,000, as I would be able to live comfortably off of 8% annual returns from that.
This.
You always thinking about more
That's just poorfag mentality and greedRealize that money is just a means to an end.
Set a realistic goal for yourself and be happy with that.
Just walk away once you hit it.
Life shouldn't be about money.
thousands of dollars every week>every weekI don’t know that pissant feel bro, I made just over 5,000 dollars just today.
Can’t honestly say I think about your empty bank account
%?
Lucky to get 4% here.
I would put a lot into moderate to high risk index funds.
Vanguard has good options.
poorfag here, about a hundred bucks deep into altcoinage, i don't have the patience for this shit.
20btc 20ltc etc.
etc.
six figs in savings and have a decent amount of btc.
still dream about killing myself desu senpai
how 2 get smart
They don't, which is why you're poor.
If you were born at least 6/10 with a vagoo, or had parents who bought real estate in 1890 is about the only way to become rich.
That, or be in the upper echelons of the occult, like Bezos and McAfee
how can you buy ZAP when it doesn't exist?
You don't have much money.
You lacks "money management skills" therefore what you do have will leave you and you will end up where you were before.
Sorry to say it but if this is how you are talking now... it's the truth..
Hey, you have more than a lot of people that play with coins.
Be proud of yourself.
Can confirm.>At 500k>Doesn't feel like it's enough.
Glad to see that you don't fall for the lambo meme.
Been here since June.
Started with 2.5k got up to about 10-11k then got fucked in the last month.
barely have 7k now.
I never put enough into coins that moon, and can't seem to take profits when I should for fear of it mooning as soon as I sell.
I'll probably always be a low-tier poorfag.
Why are you such a faggot?I turned $1k into $10k, then $10k into $2k, cashed out.I turned $500 into $27000, went down to $15, now I'm at $20k.Every mistake teaches you something.
damn, can I ask what trades they were in?
My problem was believing in "muh solid dev teams" like with BAT and FUN.
Got fucked in the Altpocalypse.
Also I don't cash out.
I'm in this for a few years at least before I'll even think of cashing out.