What problem did he solve again?
Mcdonalds problem
The snorkel problem right?
That body shape is what you call a pear shape, and men shouldn't have it, unless they're producing an excess amount of estrogen.
I wonder if he tapes down his breasts.
Guys would be killing themselves in jail for that ass in other words.
Plungers
I hold about 140k LINK and I love these threadsPlease post ultra fat Sergey
It's shopped.
LINK literally has one developer who was a film student in Guangzhou City who wrote a thesis on the post-war Polish cinema of the 1980's.
He was obsessed with the film A Short Film About Love (1988) and watched it dozens of times, feeling a kindred connection with the shy, obsessive, and out-of-sorts protagonist.
Much of his life at the time reflected the protagonist's own experience as he fell in love with a woman living in the apartment building across from his own.The developer would spy upon her through a pair of binoculars every evening as she would carouse with her partner.
He found a way to open the lock on her door using a kitchen fork and would frequently enter her apartment to learn some aspects of her life, as in the Cantonese film Chungking Express.
He found on her partner's computer that he was heavily invested in cryptocurrencies and through extension of this became interested himself.
His evenings were consumed with learning how to code the coins, taking breaks only to gaze upon the beautiful woman from across the way.Eventually he gained enough knowledge to begin his own cryptocurrency ChainLINK which became wildly popular.
In this time the woman got married to her partner and the developer attempted suicide (as in the Polish film).
After leaving the hospital he came upon the news that her partner had disappeared mysteriously.
Apparently he had borrowed money which he couldn't pay back and now he was gone without a trace.
The developer felt a new vigor for life and coding.
He rebranded LINK and gave it the moniker 'the Oracle solution.'
To this day he is developing the coin in the hopes of attracted the woman he's been spying on for years.