IT'S OUTPOWERLEDGER GOING TO BE USED BY THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT
I'm all in.
confirmed for another shitcoin
$POO
Big if true
Bad news
post link or fake
price climbing already get the fuck in
Poo in loo if troo
FAKE PAJEET !
pajeets are poor tho
nice just bought 100k
Thats a joke, right?
GET THE FUCK IN
post links you pathetic liar
Not a joke.LINK:http://energyinfrapost.com/tech-mahindra-and-power-ledger-to-conduct-tech-trials-in-microgrid-as-a-service/"Tech Mahindra and Power Ledger, a blockchain-based peer-to-peer electricity trading platform provider have announced a series of technology trials that aim at bringing the benefits of energy microgrid developments to India’s booming urban population"HOLEE FUCK.
THIS TIME WE'RE TAKING THE FIGHT TO THE PAJEET'S HOME WORLD.
September 29, 2017
 FAKE AGAIN ....PHOTOSHOPPED !
I thought you guys hate Pajeets.
It's obviously a fake - there's a toilet in the top right picture.
We do, doesn't mean they don't deserve electricity to light the lights in their bathrooms aka street lamps
well here's another one faggot published TODAY faggot.
Is that soon enough for you?https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/power-ledger-price-doubles-during-week-long-surge/"Power Ledger is also currently participating in a blockchain trial with Origin, Australia’s largest retail energy provider.
Moreover, the startup has also partnered with Indian information technology giant Tech Mahindra to establish several hundred microgrids within the country, a move intended to help the company expand its future services into emerging markets."
So it’s the same 2 months old news in a new article?
You guys are so deluded, this is gonna be link all over again..
POWERLEDGER GOING TO BE USED BY THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT>Implying the indian govt will have any significant effect to the price and the market
price went up by $0.00001 after the news
You honestly compare Link with POWR?
: -Team is top notch.
Multiple Oxford masters and PHD degrees, JP Morgan Chase Background, top 3 team members have 25+ years of experience in green renewable energy.
Co-founder is Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia’s capital city-Partnership with Origin Energy, Australia’s largest energy provider, also operates in NZ and India.
Team has said in slack that other partnerships are confirmed.-8 Million dollar investment from the Australian government.
This alone should signal something to you.-Working product out the gate.
Supporting Apps and infrastructure also complete.
It’s ready to go and being used right now.-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr is already compatible with Tesla Home battery and car batteries-Major energy crisis in Australia, massive solar panel investment.
Watch any of the dozens of youtube videos on this crisis.
PL is solving this as we speakIs the enough for you?
No crypto has ever been this solid.
99% don’t even have working products.VSSergey that eats all the money and the cuck Rory?Sure Link looks like a good project, but not in many months yet.
I prefer money over promises
Fuck yes baby!!!
!