has any one hear about this.
Blockcat (cat)https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/blockcathttps://blockcat.io/
it allows every day people to use and make smartcontract
https://alpha.blockcat.io/contracts/categoriesits already in alpha stages bois
newfag
lolol rip
It has been in alpha for fucking eternity pajeet.
The only real news is that internet connectivity in the office has been achieved and Eric has finally finished building most of the furniture
loolololol.
so what r u saying
took him only 3 months to assemble those desks lmao
beta is coming next month
I have some.
It's a good project and will likely get listed on Binance soon.
They appear to be the market leader in this 'simple visual template smart contract' area but unfortunately we're still a few months away from the finished product.
Testing with simulationcontract templates should start in the next few weeks.
Overall very interesting.
yeah some anon posted the blockcat logo last night with the only words being "Don't say I didn't warn you"smelling like pajeet
Yeah the beta is coming out soon and they redid their focus a bit for what smart contracts they plan to make first.
For the beta they want to create a visual creator for 1) creating an ICO token, so no code is required, no need to hire a solidity developer anymore for this part and worry about security (the security part is huge now since a lot of ICO's ended up building their smart contracts in an unsecure way which lead to all their funds being stolen), etc.
2) Managing those tokens in a secure fashion.
Basically they are making it so anyone in outside the crypto tech world can create a token around their biz or product which is pretty big since doing it right cost a lot of money, BlockCAT would save everyone tons of money to focus on the actual utility of the token.
Then of course in the future they'll make every common smart contract under the sun easy to use.
Unfortunately we cannot prevent pajeets from buying or shilling tokens.
That alone doesn't discredit a project though