WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENINGAAAHHHHHHHH
SELL NOW BTC RISING!
Good opportunity to ask yourself why you bought this in the first place.
I tho it was the next ripple
Buy and hold my position while I jump on the Bitcoin train real quick anon!Ill be back after I exit.
Those "Buy" walls are fake as fuck.
Test them.
They are dropping faster than the scammers can type
Next best opportunity for privacy coin market is Safex fyi
i got bizzed once again
4242927no one actually bought into it you guys just enjoy making fun of the scammers.
Is verge worth buying?
you were pump and dumped

WRAITH PROTOCOLLLLLLWHEN WILL YOU FAGGOTS LEARN TO STOP BUYING SHIT POSTED HEEEEERREESHILLED BY DUMP GRRRROOOOUPPSSSWHYYYYYYYYYARE YOU SOSTTTTUUUUPPIIIIIDDDD
mfw sold for 20% gains
Verge just needs a fucking coin burn allready.
16.5b coins in cirlulation is way to much.
If they implemented a burn, the coin would be more then a dollar within 6 months from now.
/thread
>mfw dumped off my bags for slight profit before massive losses
Congrats bagholders of November 2017.Now you get to be apart of the next cycle of shilling until you convince a bunch of dumb anons to buy in so you can sell your bags to them.
:^)
Eric offered you hope, you shunned him for a shitcoin
If you are in this thread and are justed it's okay to cut your losses and put them into the next moon mission.
$NULS looks good, and has potential for absurd gains.And $EVX is ready to 2x any time now.
I've been telling you vergins to dump this shitcoin at a profit all weekend, but you called me a monero bagholder kek.
Joke's on you, monero pumped and your little shitcoin dumped
fuk u breh, I made 45% profits off Verge.
Your assburger coin Monero barely moved.
at least you sold when it was time to sell, i bet half of these shills bought at 128sats
Lol, just zoom out.
couldn't wait for this moment, honestly.
You kinda know the dump commences soon when all the shills and bagholders are flooding the board after they bought way too late.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIasr2AiyZ0