I put more money than i want to mention into this.
Am I going to make it it /biz/?
Yes regret only buying 100 of em
Yes
>one billion coins
>mfw 114k powr'sTeeka is taking me to the moon
Lol he isn't posting it now retard his subscribers would just get dumped on whole new pick
my deposit cleared on gdax.
I have 1000 dollars, should I go all in on this?
whats the fastest way to transfer money to bittrex and buy this?
it's a long term hodl but guaranteed growth
Jesus guys PBC pick isn't POWR
Why do you think this?
it does look a safe risk, I wouldn't mind going all in on this, just scared of it being a link situation.
What is the fastest way to transfer money from gdax to bittrex?should I buy eth and transfer then buy powr tokens with eth?should I buy btc and transfer then bbuy powr tokens with btc?
what is that mean?
That's Meagan from POWR (the girl from the team that was at web summit 2.0) basically confirming they arent the pick.
Not to mention she's only and analyst who teeka wouldn't fly to Portugal to speak with.
I use the POWR/BTC pair to buy/sell.
Also this is a waaaaaaay different application of what LINK does.
That and the company that made POWR is already using it in real world applications>What is the fastest way to transfer money from gdax to bittrex?Just deposit BTC to bittrex using your GDAX wallet address from Bittrex.
If that's too complicated there's tutorials on youtube senpai
so I guess this means I shouldn't buy?
It's still a very safe pick which will rise.
Up to you
You guys are going to get burned im sorry.
Maybe POWR is a decent project but it's not the PBC pick.
See my last images I attached.
Now look at this chart.
Daily volume for SLR was below 50k per day and then shot up to 4 mil on October 21st BEFORE the info about the pick from teeka leaked.
That him and his buddy boys fills their bags.
Not to mention the rest of the info matches up with SLR and not POWR.
Don't get me wrong, I think SLR is a shitcoin and I'll sell it during the pump but will set a stop-loss in case I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure I'm not.
Teeka would lose a lot of money and piss off a lot of subscribers if he changed the pick now after releasing info that points directly at SLR.
even the professionals mess up every once in a while.
You shouldn't.
Once people see it's not the PBC pick on Monday it will dump.
I think it's SLR but will set a stop loss on it in case I'm wrong.
I'm pretty confident in my research though.
I do think it's a shitcoin and will sell during the pump.
3x potential with limited downside probably stop loss set at 5-10%.
I'd say chances of pick being SLR are about 75% and POWR 0%.
If you do take my advice, set a stop loss so you don't get burned and don't put in what you can't afford to lose.
That means that there is nothing left to hype up the price right now.
It will will not moon soon.
As a long term investment, I don't even think it is worth what the current price is.
That is because they hype that put the price there wasn't even real.The token itself is only going to be used to reduce the cost of energy for those who buy it in the future when they have an actual excess power from communities yet to be built.Go the website and read the whitepaper.
Even with the grant that they received, they still have to build the infrastructure to produce the excess electricity that the tokens might some day be used to buy at a discount.
Yeah I agree.
I think all of these solar related coins are shit and am just here for the PBC pick.
Me as well.
Clearly it is SLR if he doesn't change the pick.
That would surprise me because he didn't change his pick for ZEN and the price was way above his buy up to price when the newsletter was released.I don't intend to hold SLR either, just take profits which will be easy since I bought in at .000039.
Yes my buy in point for SLR was good too so the pump could be even more than a 3x for me this one.
Smaller market cap than zencash was when the pick was released last month.
Happy profit-taking to you!
And you as well
It isn't SLR you fucking pajeets
>tfw all-in on this babyDon't really care if it's not the PBC pick, gonna put a stop loss if it dumps when SLR etc is announced and buy another shitcoin.
4431394I love you guys
Crypt0f4g:Nick gogerty is the cofounder of solar coin who has a huge MIT connection, is an energy derivatives trader and is connected to the "Lykke" project which teeka also recommended
Prove me wrong
Tell me how it's POWR and not SLR.
Explain it to me.
He has the same head as Teeka, this can't be wrong.
SLR is 100% the pick, SS this.
Call me on +61 0406 706 404n it isn't and I will pay you 5ETH.
Because literally every piece of evidence points to SLR and not POWR.
POWR is an ERC20 token that wasn't released yet when teeka gave his tip.
It's based in Australia and has no MIT connection.
A team member from POWR confirmed this in slack.
POWRTeslaVector (new zealand)Australian GovernmentWestern Australian energy provider SynergyTech MahindraLiechtenstein Institute for Strategic DevelopmentOrigin EnergyAnd these are just a few.SLR is garbage hahaha, can somebody actually tell me anything that solarcoin has actually done.check out their website while your at it for a good laugh.
hahahahhahahahaha
muh cool geometry lines I drew in english class
You're right.
I'm not arguing that SLR is a good coin.
I agree it's shit, as is POWR.
Like I said, I'm only here for the PBC pick.
Don't care about either one of them.
Idk why I'm even trying to help you guys at this point.
My point is why would they pick a bunch of trash like SLR
nobody asked for your help, you came into a thread about POWR and started raving about PBC and SLR.
Dmbfck.
Well teeka is buddies with the SLR cofounder Nick gogerty.
Teeka already recommended Lykke which gogerty was involved in.
Also there is literally no other explanation for that spike in volume from 50k or less per day to over 4 million before the info was even released about his next pick being solar.
That's obviously him filling his bags.
The spike was on October 21st, a few days after zencash picks.
He made money off that and moved into SLR.
You're right it's a shitcoin but it doesn't matter because PBC picks pump no matter what.
Yeah but most people are only interested in POWR because they think it will be the PBC pick.
I'm trying to say that it's not.
I'd love it if someone could convince me otherwise instead of just calling me a dumbfuck.
I'll just post this again, it might sink in the second time, works usually for kids,nobody asked for your help, you came into a thread about POWR and started raving about PBC and SLR.
Dmbfck.
K retard
You are the one who posted a picture of the POWR logo with the PBC logo inside of it, so the PBC is open to discussion in this thread.
I mean OP posted the picture of the POWR logo with the PBC logo inside of it, so the PBC pick is open to discussion.
Sorry, responded to the wrong person!
Ment to respond to this
Apologies missed the logo in the pic.
PBC has been getting on my nerves.