If your portfolio is under $3k, you will NOT make it big by diversifying and playing safe on small % increases.
That should be pretty easy to understand, right?
If you want to make it big you need to get in on a coin early that will 5-10x (see WTC,OMG, ARK, etc) or 50-100x (see NEO).So for anyone that has a smaller portfolio and does want to make it, I advise you to get in at least 50% on NULS.
If anyone is interested I'll post more, this isn't a thread where I shill bags to you or guarantee you a 100x by next week.
This will be anywhere from a few weeks to a few months in the making, but now is the time to accumulate before it takes off.
I was under $2000 2 weeks ago I turned it into 4.2k by diversing and snatching up moon mission daily, I got into so many moon mission I feel like luck was on my side this month.
I had over 5 moon mission that got me there and I only invest very little into them.I got into NULS at 27 cents and sold over $1, this was my greatest moon mission.
Though I might get back in if it looks like the developers make some action.
Why buy NULS now?
There's bag holders on this coin.
My portfolio is at 29k right now.
Do I have a chance to reach 100k by end of december?
What would you recommend for 3x from here?
I'm a sub $150 shrimp with less than a month of trading experience.
I've made good trades and I've been using a consistent marginal trading system that nets me 2.5% on average.What can I do to make consistent growth?
Day trading and staring at graphs will send me to an early grave.
Is my best bet to put $50 dollars in BTC or NEO every week and hope the market trends up?
It already mooned nigga, bought at 30 cents when it got shilled here and sold 90.
I'm interested dude only got a few hundred dollars.
Make me rich!
damn ithow do I get on these jumps early like you?
4435868Seems our capital is about the same.
Know anywhere to talk to other small people like us?
I feel the way we invest has to be different than the people with 1k+.
I found some change in my couch.
About $1.50.
Can you tell me how to pay off my mortgage with it by next friday?
How come none of these "must have mooners" are listed on Bittrex?
good postthen you shilled NULSlol
Someone posted it here on biz when it got added to Binance.
riskiest, stupidest move i ever made listening to that thread.
crypto is so fucking weird its like hacking the secret to money
I don't get it.
Did you lose money?
Did you go all in?
It mooned to 90 cents in like two or three days iirc.
Listen there's this one low marketcap coin on binance, its extrieemely good for daytrading, I won't say the name you'll have to find it in the charts.
This is the best consisatant coin you'll see that you can day trade all this month
Anyone holding NULS through this contest is going to be in for one hell of a nightmare when its over and the winners dump their thousands of coins.
i went in with 2k at 30cents just from seeing that stupid wailord with 170 comments under it
I have 1000 dollars.
Not sure what to do lol
Thanks I'll have a look for it
I remember an Anon on here advising if you are small fish (under 10k) then go all in.
If you loose it then who cares?
It's not really a lot lost.
Once you break 10k to 50k same thing but you can divide over 2-3 more coins.
Once you get 100k it gets more serious.
Till then, research hard and all in on something you strongly believe in instead of diversifying
4435895I'm just a college student just starting and i have the same amount of tiny capital lmaoJust don't fall for the discord scam.
And if you find a place let me in on it b
That's what I've been doing with my $200-$300.
Just been going all in when it's rising and hyped and getting out when it looks like people are starting to worry.
I did it with NEO but didn't make much money.
Sold it all and now have 100% in ETH until I work out what I'm doing again.
Help?
Yeah I've been avoiding discord and being skeptical of anything that's shilled hard here because it feels like things aren't shilled until AFTER the pump and then the guys shill it so they can make extra $$ before dumping.
I've only been here a few days and I might be wrong though.
Am I gonna make it?Tips/Thoughts?
It seems at least at the moment you could have 100% in BTC have a better chance turning a good profit than trying to invest in a bunch of shitty alt coins.
It's true.
I joined one and they would tell their several hundred retard member to "pump this coin!, hold til 100 sato!!"
And when i watched the order book i noticed that there were several people selling massive amounts of that coin for the price people started buying them at.
So obvious.Such is the life of a newb.
People here have probably figured this out months ago
And?
That's good, you made a lot of money,Post wasn't like your average pnd garbage and the coin was previously listed on bitz only.
That's what modem me buy,
m̝͇͈͍̯̦̜͆̈́̈́̐͝a͚͓̰̞͚͕͒͌ͦ͠n̴̖̼̗̠̘̘̠ͮ͑̋ͣͨ̚͞ͅ,̴̪̠̂̈̾ͬ͞ͅ ̩̗̖̼̮̃̊̈́I̸͓͌ͯ ̿̃͊ͯ̋̽̽̌j̨̝̗̜͕͎̺͔͖̊ͧ̆̓̓̽̉u̪̘̪͉͈̜ͩͧ̍ͩͭ̓̂ͤ͝ś͖̳̔ͪ̇̎̏̀͡ẗ̵̙͇̻̺̭́̔̊͌͗ͩ̈̃͢ ̖͇͓͚̯̼̫̝͛ͮ͒ͣ̃l̡͔̮̗̤̗̯͈̗͉͛o̢͓͕̤͛̽̓͑̏͟ͅv̶̙͇̰̯̳̩ͤ͌ͭ͑̉͢e̸͕̞̭̗͔̹̤ͬ͌̿ ̷̧̩̏̿̓̊̓͐̆ḥ̷͑̀̄o̡͙̥̼̭͎̓͋ͨ͑̉̐w̗̹̝̖̹̘̓ͨ́͘ͅ ̢̩̺̘̣̖̿͆̓̇ͤf̛͇͔͍̪̰̓̌̀ư͉͉͙̺͚͂̏̈́ͨ̄̂͠c̯̱͇̗̜ͩ͌͌̑͜͞k̨̜̠͙͇̯̗̰ͯ̿̐ͮ͌ͣ̍ͦ͊i̮̳̣̗̘ͦ͋̉̇̐ͧ̂͠n̶̷̛̖͍͍ͨ̎̀ͤͯ̉̓ͮ̋g̡͚̋̓͒͝ ̫̣̻̘̳ͬ̓̍̀̇̾̈͐͡͞r̴̡̛͎̻̞͍̯̮̫͕͂ͩ̓ͯ̇ͣẻ͇̣͉͈̦̯͆̐ͪ̕t̢̢̡̼̯͓̝͇͔͈̝͋a͙̪̩͋̾̂ͭ̇͟͠r̢̰̰̖̩̰͍ͫ̑͟d̨͕̗̘͈̥̙̬͐͛͋͆e̵̤͙̘̙͔̞̽͌̉͠d̪͑͢ ̡͖̹̞̟͚͙̮̼̦͌̆̍̀ȳ̶̫̹̩͈̝̥̈́͂̋o̠̔ͤ̉̂̌̓̀́͜ͅū̢͇͇̩͙͉͓̟͒̽̉ͣ̌̽̂ ̤̹͈̆͌ͩ͛̀̓̃̀p̷̬͙̖͐ͮ̀ͦ͗́͝ͅe̶̫͂ͮͯ̃ͅő̷̼̱̬̆p̹̱̯̻͚̟͚ͨͧ̽͝ͅl̶̵̟̦̪̑ͮͬ͛ͩͣe͕̜̯̋̓ͯ͛̕ ̠̪̞̩̈́ͮͤ͞a̡̛̪̼̭̰͙͉̔ͩͤ̇̌ͤ̀r̵̠̳͚͙̯̝͌̾́ḛ̴̷̴̌ͣ̊̚ ̧̬̱̺͚̻̟̹̋ͨ͋ͬ̈́ͮi̢̪̥͎̼̻̍̔̈ņ͓̮ͦͪ̋̐̋ͧͣ ̥̼̯̬̱͓̺̃̄ͦ̊ͅt̶̵̶̯͉̓ͭ͗̑̄̃̌̓̔h̴̹̮̠͖̯̭̻ͧ̀̈̌͢e̴̖͈̣͖͉͂̐̾̈ͯ͆͞͠ş̵̵̻̣̓̃͋̐͛̃̍e̛̝ͯ̾ͩ̂͂̚ ̺̟͖̱̗̺̦̬͈͋͛̄̆ͪ͂m̵͔̜̤̙ͨͮ̾̍̓a̸̡͈̫̺̗̰͉̽ͭ͆͊̆̉̂̆r͙̭̤̱̜̮̥̫̫͌̿ͬ̔̓ͧ̀̎͢k̬̖̪̪̖̥ͦ̔̌͒ě̵͉̒̔̂ͮ͠t̷͔̝͆͞s̹͎͉ͨ̆̇ͪͤ̈ͦ̑̇͢͞!͙̞̣̼̗̭͕͆ͧͫ ̸̴̢̥͚̙͕͚̺̎̒̈ͩ͛̐͒<̷̵͚̹͍̻͍̗̓ͩͤ̌ͭ͞3̵̣̰͍͍̫̫͍̉ͬ͂ͭ̉̀ͨ͋̓ ̸̸̵̗̭̞̉̇̑̋<̦̯̞͎̙̂̃̿̎ͤͧ̄̎3̴̘̮͆͗͌͟ ̵̶̘͍̟̱̦̭̪́̀̂ͭ̉̀̑̏̚͟<̡̙̹̬̜̂̿ͤ́ͬ̒̈́3̷̧̺̗̻̽̂̑̎ͤ́
Exactly.
If you want escape from wagecucking or whatever you are dealing with, you need to take risks.
If you fail, okay nothing changes about your life.
You lose the money and move on, however if the risk pays off suddenly your whole life could change.
What do you mean?Look into NEBL if you want a safe under the radar project that will take off in late December/Early January.Ask yourself this question, what is stopping NULS from becoming a top crypto project?Their idea, use case, everything about the actual project, where are the flaws in it?
I think it's very hard to see any flaws in the actual project, the current flaws and skepticism around NULS are the team, website, communication, etc.
All of which have been addressed as things they are actively trying to improve on.
You have to remember this hasn't even been listed for a month.
If the issues I mentioned are fixed in coming weeks the only way for this project to go is up.
youre evil
At least we figured it out early dude.
Now what do we do with this info?
That's the real question.
It's probably true that if /biz/ says to buy we should sell and vice versa.
Take risks, find what works for you.
I m only between 10k-15k myself but I started with $500 just getting what little eth I could at $20 then it mooned ridiculously.
There will be more moonshots, more opportunities.
More Neos, more Eths.
Test your luck, this is going to be a long run up.
There's plenty of time to get rich.
I've doubled in WAVES and tripled in ARK, you think I should dump those 2 and replace all with BTC?
amen
Can't buy NULS on Bittrex, or LoopRing, or Aeron...
Or bitBoost
Don't listen to me about what to do, I'm a total crypto noob.
I'm trying to find out where to go along with the rest of you.
But it does seem to me that for alts to moon BTC has to be doing well, and if BTC is doing well you should have a lot of your investment in it, and if you're worried BTC is going to tank then you should be worried about all the alts you invested in tanking too.
That's how I see it from a newcomer point of view.
This desu.>Had only $2000>Went all in on HST>Now holding 9000 HST>When it hits $1 by EOY after they announce their clients and partnerships, I'd have $9000Ez pzThe key in this game for poorfags like me is: find a low market cap coin with potential, go all in, be patient and reap the rewards after.
reserve vietnamese translation sir
you sound too biased, though I guess its natural for someone holding its bags
Don't rush into these "must buy" alts.
Since the post-pump NEO shilling the last few days I don't trust that these coins haven't already been pumped before we're told to buy.
And if you look at a lot of them you can see they reached ATH a couple months ago and dropped and look to be reaching the ATH again, but what happens is we all put our money into it not realising at the same time we do that the people saying to buy it are selling because they know it's worthless and artificially inflated.
I'm no expert either, I've only been in 6 months.
But when BTC tanks my alts keep me afloat even when they go down too, because they are still 2 or 3x higher than when I bought in
because they are still 2 or 3x higher than when I bought inThat's because you bought early.
I meant if you're hoping to ride "the next big thing" but really you've bought in almost at the end of the dump without realising.
Different exchanges in different countries dealing with different laws, even when LINK was doing well it wasn't listed on Bittrex.I'm just confident in the project.
I've already made big profit on it but am continuing to get more where I can.
I'd like to see some people from biz make it if they haven't already but it's up to you guys to make the decision to jump in.
Alright but there's other coins you know like EOS POWR, very good coins you should consider.
Guess its too late to get in now though, unless you want to look for an entry
Nuls will never make it.
Know how I know?
The name "Nuls" is fucking retarded.
No one wants to own or use a coin called "Nuls"The very fact that the team decided to name their coin "Nuls" is a display of their incompetence.
Lack of business intellect is discernible through small actions, like thinking "Nuls" is a good name for anything.OP is right about small portfolios needing to concentrate on a single moon mission, but "nuls" is not it.Buy Metaverse ETP or Power Ledger.
Meta will 10x very soon, Powr may go 25-30x.
Those two coins will make me a millionaire.
yeah POWR is good, though people shoulda bought it when it was 3k sats or lower, sad that I shilled it and people called it a shitcoin
There were people thinking this same thing when NEO was under Antshares.
Antshares is a good name.
It grabs your attention, had a cute logo, and evolved into the mega badass NEO.
Also it was China's first government backed block chain.
Please do not insult Neo by comparing it to "muh Nuls" lolNuls = NullThat's like naming a coin Shite"Hey u guys should buy some Shite coins."No.
$2.2k all in on Monero
OP is right, but NULS only if you comprehensively do not want to make it
just buy them, they are going to finish 2018 off like gangbusterscan't believe morons still think SLR is a shitcoin.they don't research.. its like buying water before people realized they were thirsty.
great 3x coin.. but you want 10+ coins.better to buy shit people recognize real use for and are easy to 'splain to normies.POWR, SLR, Stellar, Substratum, NEO, even LINK.
I don't own Ripple but its easy to 'splain so normies will buy it.
dude you need more spice in your life.with 15k you need to double up 3 times.. you can do that in a few months.or you can keep that portfolio and take 3 years.
Those are actually good picks, SLR for the pbc rumor though
4436803
ARN is the next big play on binance, 5M mcap, less than 100BTC volume, listed 2 days ago and flying under the radar, it will have a WTC kind of pump
t. retard
OP, are you are moron?
Do you not understand basic math?$1,000 x 2.5% daily compounding gains turns to $184k after six months.
After a year of 2.5% daily gains with staring $1,000 you have $364k.
With 5% daily gains and $1,000 starting, that becomes over $100k in just over three months.Why would would you throw all your money away on shill coins that just dump on you?
Learn some basic TA and how to trade on Ichimoku TK crossovers, Stoch RSI crossovers, etc.. You are cursing Anon with your greed.Love,Lain
It's almost as if you won't see 2.5% gains daily.
It's pretty easy if you trade on coins with a large percent of your holdings using proper TA, buy on the low trend line, and stop losses to trigger if the price falls below your entry to protect capitol.
tfw holding 700 HSTabsolute poorfag but the gains coming tomorrow and when Cryptopia launchs are gonna be delish.I really wish I got in earlier on another pump like Modum back when that hit 2.30.
I'd probably have a couple grand to throw into HST right now and walk away with 10g myself
once you read about it in the news, it's already too late
can you teach me?
:')
This time next year you'll have about $40k
Why will it pump tomorrow?
Should I buy some on ED now?
http://mailchi.mp/horizonstate/horizon-state-4-days-left-186931HST will be on Kucoin in 5hrs.
Look at the graph for HST today, I went from 245 to 400 in my blockfolio, moved all my remaining ETH into HST.
Plan is to wait until HST hits LiveCoin and Cryptopia before I considering selling.
I'm expecting this be like Modum where it goes from current .60 highs to like 2.30 before settling in around 1.60s
Alright, cheers.
I had planned to buy some because Australians love there Australian coins, so this confirms it.
Going to buy one or two eth worth now.
We're all gonna make it bro, some of us are just further along down the line
meh i'm going in for fun now.
cya
under 2k portfolio here, just started trading last week (although I've been in the crypto game for years).Am I gunna make it?
sell your fucking ripple manit's cancerous
ok hold on lemme check myself right there because I think my blockfolio is lying to me, says its trading at .002 ETH when etherdelta has prices at .0005 eth and coinmarketcap is also showing around .19 USD.Can anyone explain why blockfolio is wrong here?
Does anybody else this for their HST?
just started trading last week (although I've been in the crypto game for years).confused
You won't regret it, hopefully some more of you looked into NULS.
I'm going to sleep now, see you soon friends!
lmao $500 at 2% daily gives you $611k after a year.
How the fuck is 2.5% with $1k supposed to give you less.
Redo your maths
My dad gave me 2 bitcoins in 2009.
I've bought and sold them a few times but not really traded across other cryptocurrencies.
I used to read (and still do) 7-8 articles a day on crypto, watch charts and lurk on biz but never actually trade.
Thank god I didn't listen to faggots like you when Antshares was being shilled with it's cutesy little ant logo.
>Comes in telling you to make it big by investing in a small coin with big potential>Shills NULS shitcoin that's already dedThanks Pajeet
Been out for literally less than a monthHoly fuck this entire thread is filling up with NUL FUD.
I'm honestly considering buying even more now.
before we hit $1, again.
thank you
You're contradicting yourself, why not just go all in NEO if it's going to go up 50-100x as you proclaim?
You can't even shill NEO correctly.
I haven't seen shilling like this when everyone was shilling ETH on BIZ when it was $3 or $4.
Hold on, going to go buy 50k worth of NEO and ARK on credit, it's going to be a happy ending for me!
You'll see!
Don't worry, anon.
You've got a decent stack.The 'long' wait for HST is right fucking now, before we hit $1.When HST hits $1 and is getting listed on big exchanges, people will start looking into it and new money will pour in fast.
100% sure.Real life usage, working platform, government as client.
This is a recipe for massive fomo.You're smart enough to discover this hidden gem early.
the point is NEO already went up 50-100x.
U seem pretty dumb
Not even close to 100x with NEO, you're the dumb one trying to get people hyped over nothing.
It was higher at the end of August than it is now.
Nice try though.
you're gonna get burned one day holding all in low caps, see digimarines
he didn't buy SHIT
Meanwhile Nuls is definitely on an unexpected uptrend, despite the whaling, despite the contest, despite the bots
Where do I learn how to do proper analysis and trading?
Any good resources to start?
buy LINK, sell HIGH
learn MACD on youtube as a startsame for RSI, DMI and IchimokuCombine it with watching live and historical trends of coins you know wellMaybe do some trading without going all in to gain experienceuse coinigy, tradingview
wtc omg ark neoso back in july aug september
proper analysisyoure trying to predict the future, theres no "proper" analysis
NULS was a legit /biz/ recommendation some anon was shilling it 2 weeks ago I got in at .17 and holding.
4xed my investment considering selling.Anyway this board isn't all trash
I used to read (and still do) 7-8 articles a day on crypto, watch charts and lurk on biz but never actually trade.whats wrong with you?
RLC will moon
safeplay: sell half hold halfenjoy the free moni
How much btc does your dad have/had?
4437897I agree Ripple is not for casuals.I trade it only because I know exactly what I'm doing.
My dad gave me 2 bitcoins in 2009What a cheap bastard.
He gave you literally something that was worth less than a cent as a gift.I don't believe you.
Your story smell the perfume of pure invention.
In 2009 Bitcoins were exchanged by the thousands.>I used to read (and still do) 7-8 articles a day on crypto, watch charts and lurk on biz but never actually tradeWho does that?
That's fucking crazy.