I currently have no coins whatsoever and only want to buy Bitcoin so I get to feel like I'm living in a comfy cyberpunk future in which crypto has replaced fiat.On a scale of 1 to 10 how bad of an idea is this from a business perspective?Also, is coinbase actually bad because everytime I see it mentioned people respond with >using coinbase.
Yuropoor here, if it makes any difference.
Hurry up before it goes back up again
Neo is a better investment than bitcoin
How much time do you think I have?
I haven't even made an account yet, and I'm sure money transfer will take a few days.
Any educated guesses as to how long Bitcoin will stay sub 7k?Thanks anon but I think I'll stick with Bitcoin for starters.
How much timeWe don't know, there is a quite bad BTC crash going on today.
Come back here later to read about what's going on around crypto.
But be very careful, 99% of everything posted here is shameless scams.
is coinbase actually badNo, it's legit.
But the fees are pretty high.
start buying bitcoin>dont stop live your cyberpunk future dreams
I've compared a few sites now, and coinbase really seems extraordinarily expensive compared to other exchanges.Fees on Kraken seem a lot lower and I've seen people recommend it around here as well, but since I don't plan on daytrading I don't know if fees are really going to be the top priority for me.
I just want to convert some Euros into Bitcoin and hodl it while not having to worry about it.
You can't actually put fiat into crypto on most of the exchanges, you need to look at gdax as an alternative to coinbase.
Oh, ok.
It seems like I'm still pretty misinformed about fundamental concepts.
Thanks for pointing that out, I thought one of the main point of these exchanges was to trade fiat into crypto and vice versa.So I'd have to buy using coinbase or gdax and then move it to Kraken or whatever else I might choose in a second step?
Take your own decision OP.
But don't use coinbase or kraken.
Bitstamp is the best option.
Even more for europeons.
Just be aware that most sites take a while to verify your identity.
Some exchanges accept fiat, like gdax, bitstamp, kraken, but usually have a limited offer in coins.Some other exchanges do not accept fiat but instead trade hundreds of coins.
gdax alternative to coinbase....>alternative to coinbase....>coinbase..../facepalm
What's wrong with coinbase ?