Sup faggots.Let me explain something to you.
There is a dearth of promising investment opportunities in crypto.
There are currently 5 investments you can make1) HURR DURR BITCOIN TO 50K (which includes all forks and LTC)2) HURR DURR ETHEREUM WILL FLIPPENING3) MUH CHINESE GOVERNMENT (Neo, Walton, Metaverse)4) ICO FLIP 1 MILLION X GAINS5) Getting suckered by lies from shills (air swap?
confido?
bancor?
lmao)Until now.
You can invest in POWER LEDGER.
I don't need to explain it because it's being promoted everywhere (which is a good thing), but here's a break down-HAS partnership with Origin Energy, Australia's largest energy provider-HAS a working product w/ working app/infrastructure to support-Team is amazing, co-founder has multiple degrees, masters, PHD from Oxford, worked at JP morgan, 3 top team members have combined 25+ years experience in green renewable energy, top level talent all around-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr can be used with Tesla home and car batteries-Has received 8 million dollars from Australian governmentThere has NEVER been a coin this solid before.
You're weary of it because you've literally never seen this before in crypto.
Up until now everything has been driven by speculative hype.
Buying coins with no product, that do nothing, that subsist "announcements" every so often to jack up the price after falling Up until now crypto has been pajeet heaven because prices were completely dictated by hype.
Besides coins you can cash out with, ALL COINS ARE USELESS.
I repeat, no coins, such as bancor or district0x or whatever the fuck shitcoin of the week had ANY use.
Most don't even have working products.Until Power Ledger...
I really don't think you guys understand the magnitude of this coin.
This coin is no joke.
Get in sub $1 or you will seriously want to kill yourself in a couple of weeks.
This has nothing to do with that pajeet shill's PBC, PBC is an irrelevant scam group, literally a modernized boiler room from the 90s.
in talks with Elon MuskWhere the fuck is the evidence for this?
didnt the tesla conman divorced again and is probably looking for a new mommy wife
non-believing cuck boy BTFO
Sorry pajeet but I already have slr
In talks with Elon Musk, are you fucking broken?I could get as far as her in regards to talking to Elon you fucking deluded Powery.
ywn have a qt Aussie mayorDoes have a good name, but a shit coin is a shit coin
She looks Jewish
That pic was taken 2 months ago, there have been updates in the telegram channel you fucking faggot.Go away.
Don't invest in this coin, you should stay poor.
deluded % gain in 2 days k
Holy shit.
Imagine if they announce a partnership.
We'll be going to mars sponsored by Elon.
The CEO is a woman?
Looked at powr ledger 3 days ago when it was .28 cents.
Now it's.
68..makes me want to die
Jemma is hot as fyck, I'd power ledger the shit out of her
What are the chances of POWR pulling a ANS/NEO-like moon?
in a year, probably i'd say
my friend, this shit is going to retrace, don't be deluded.
Look at the fucking chart.
Invest when it drops, not NOW.
its a great project but investing today?
nah.
just wait for the correction.
Guys.
Seriously.
Powr is great and all but anyone who wants to have gains like Powr all over again should consider hopping into DNT
4467567ok, see you when it's over a dollar
I didn't say it wouldn't get to a dollar, I said it would retrace from this pump.
Don't buy at the top, that was my advice.
Jesus.
Powr is not a speculative shitcoin that "retraces" or follows any of your whale pump and dump bullshit TA charts.It was listed as a top 5 Australian start up today.
Good luck buying the dip faggot.>tip: there is no dip
Im in.
retraces from pump = speculative shitcoinIt's natural movement you airhead.Nothing pumps 100% and keeps going.
eth>btc
4467396Stay poor, retards.
If you really skip opportunities like this because of your degenerate ideologies, you'll never make it.
did not retrace, ever.Seriously?I'm telling people to get a better buy in price because it will SURELY go down BEFORE it rises again.
go down to what anon?
What's 60 cent to 40 cent?
Compared to $1+
The only thing people are SURLY of is that you're a retard who thinks Powr is your average shitcoin.Seriously.Partnerships with AU's largest energy provider8 million in GOVERNMENT FUNDINGNamed top 5 start ups in Australia todayand much moreYou're a dumbass.
There is no retrace only further smart money being invested.
haha I remember people saying the same shit with LINK, good times
shut the fuck up you stupid piece of shit
put a shotgun in your mouth and pull the trigger.
it will be a huge relief to your parents and everyone else who has to deal with you.
let's say you invest a thousand dollars.buying at 0.60$ nets you 1666.666... coins.buying at 0.40$ nets you 2500 coins.Let's say POWR gets to $2.Buying in @0.60 and selling at 2$ nets you $3333.332Buying in @0.40 and selling at 2$ nets you $5000As the price rises so does the $ spread.Did I really need to do that math for you?
How can one person be this deluded.
>Australia does not use renewable energy>Australia does not invest in renewable energy >Australia is far behind other developed countries when it comes to technology % of Aussies know nothing about crypto Fuck off with this shitcoin meme
sorry anon, I was only FUDing you, literally looks like it's retracing as we speak... 10% down since i last looked
im going to watch blend s, imouto sae, and umaru now as didnt had time yesterday because of this mooningpowr BETTER NOT tank while im gonekeep an eye on it for me /biz/, will ya?
Probably the gayest thing I've ever read, but hey, best of luck to you in your slr gaynz
Yes!
Let's buy the ATH like good little faggots.
No.
If that happens, i am literally in fucken lamboland bros.
I'm not selling one single coin of the POWR I bought.