>LINK>REQ>RCN>BCPT>ETP>BQXI'm a poorfag and I don't want to be scammed.
On which of these coins can I dump all my money?
They're all pretty cheap atm
Same here.
Poorfag would like answers as well.
link
none of those seem to be going anywhere
Anon here who doubled their money since 2 weeks ago and still making bank.The listed coins you mentioned aren't very good except BQX, this shown remarkable performance and is consistant.
ETP was hyped and is quickly being forgotten, the rest of your coins you listed you will NOT make money on in the next 1 month.
Look for promosing new coins if you want to make money.
Though you are way too late to do that now, good coins I'll mention is POWR EOS and there's many other ones on Binance.
The already good coins have already started mooning and you are probably too late to act.
Take this as a missed opportunity on your part.
Thanks anon.
Should I listen to the linkies btw?
the FOMO is real
I already made 15k in 2 months with swingtradingmy long term hold is LINK, this coin is going to make me a millionaire
Why is the fomo real when its been a poor performer?
That should answer your question.
Think for yourself, link is only known on this board is held by fanatics who go all in and miss out on these opportunities.
It is up to you if you want to go in on link, its just that I haven't needed to, to get where I am at.
You said you was poor, you need to take my advice and find short term gains, you've missed the opportunity to do so as you can see many of the good coins that caught people's eye have already risen.
You have to capatlize on this, the cheap coins you mention are just coins that haven't caught people's eyes.
I'll try and give you another coin you can choose to enter than has steadyly rose over the past days, its called Substratum, you can try look for an entry, its a steady coin
thanks i'll look into this with my next $100.Slowly but surely.
Thanks, I'll look into Substratum.
Currently when I see a coin being mentioned I just search the archive for every thread about it.
Then I decide if the coin is worth it is based on the amount of memes, shills, FUDs and rebuttal of FUDs.
I guessed a few right before they mooned, like NEO and MOD, but I didn't buy them in time sadly.
Any other way to do research?
If you can find one of my threads where I shilled NEO just BEFORE it mooned I told people to buy in at 360k SATS since it hit rock bottom, I bought in and luckly it rocked 20 minuites after.
I made tremendous gains, other advice I can give you is TA is bullshit, TA didn't tell me that NEO would go 73% increase it never did.
To do research is nothing really, you just keep learning where to buy where to sell, timings, when to get the fuck off a coin, who to listen to and who to not listen to, you listen to yourself.
If you've seen on this board, people shill their shitcoins and when you enter the threads you see people falling for it, you need to be that lurker who knows the shitcoins that gets shilled.
Phycology is not a meme in crypto, it isn't there's so much of it in reddit, 4chan and other placed.
I've predicted so much resistances and peaks of coins with great success based on just looking at the chart and seeing rounded up numbers.
If a coin goes from 3k sats to 4k sats, it is likely to go to 5k sats sooner or later.
Also in the archive if you saw one of the Substratum threads someone baught in at 1755 sats at the time, I was in that thread and got in at 1750 sats.
This is one of the best steady rising coins I've seen, it has agressive gaps in its buy and sell orders lots of the time which makes daytrading on this coin so good.
I've mentioned this in other threads before.
ETP is in for a major run if NEO china rumours are confirmed.
allowing one china ICO platform will open the doors for other platforms.
NEO is currently 30X marketcap of ETP...
ETP is the only safe hold you listed
REQ is cheap, sell it during the product release in December or the hype up to it to be safer.
Then move on.
That's my plan.