Whats the point of getting money if you got a small wiener?
girls will only use you for money...I learned the hard way.
ejoy giving thots false hopes
elaborate pls
im 6'2 with a 5.5 inch schlong.
>giving a fuck about females thinkThey are literally parasitic subhumans Can you believe how females always whine about equal opportunities but instead of improving their own situation, they want men to improve it?
Less than 5% of all wealth in crypto is owned by females, nobody is preventing them from buying, they are just fucking stupid and helpless, fuck them
sounds like a female really really hurt you
just fap to hentai like normal people do
my dick is 6.75 nbpl long but its not thick .
why?
The devil did it..
is a virgin NEET considered normal now?
Roasties only hurt people like OP who obsess about them
lol this.
what kind of sub-human cucks actually have sex with real women?
the true alpha master-race jacks off to hentai.
I've got a ~ 6 inch ween and it's fine.some girls think it's big.
some girls think it's not enough.
Well usually ho's think it's not enough.My last two girlfriends did feel it well.
they were not whores/my first gf was though.
stayed single for 4 years after that bitch told me my normal dick was not enough.
And you will only use them for sex, so what's the problem?
sounds like I hurt you
I've got a super small dick and I'm proud as fuck.
Don't get down on petty insecurities you cannot change.
1. get bathmate2.
Learn to kegel 3.
Learn to stretch4.
?????????????5.
Profit
her face when you pull out your dick
this is what elon musk learned the hard way
Absolutely the same with me, never been an issue.
>have a 19cm dick and lots of crypto>still touchless kissless virgin>don't even want a woman just want more monetary gains
burst all the blood vessels in your dick.
>tfw 7 inch big >but girls never see it because autismman i want those gains and live free and independent
Just jelq if you really care, faggot.
Bathmates are a scam.
They don't produce results long-term.
The only thing that does is manual PE and extenders also work.
I've gained like .2 inches in 3 months of wearing an extender just while I sit at my computer for crypto.
the jokeyou
>tfw 6'1", jacked, charming, handsome, 25 and making 6 figures, but live in the rural south so every single girl over age 20 is a chain smoking single mom or a braphog.
if they say it's small fuck their ass instead
You can use money for other things than women.
Fuck hookers until you stop giving a shit what females think.
But you probably won’t do this.
In which case, good luck
Which brand did you buy?I'm fairly convinced it's all a scam, but I've got nothing to lose so I'm willing to try anything at this point.
move
No, extenders work, and there's even some medical studies done proving so.
They're just kind of a pain in the ass to wear and take a lot of time to show results.
https://www.ebay.com/itm/Penis-Extender-Male-Enlargement-Enlarger-Stretcher/263246227136?hash=item3d4ab2a6c0:g:IuwAAOSwK6RZE2dD
https://www.ebay.com/itm/Penis-Extender-Male-Enlargement-Enlarger-Stretcher/263246227136?hash=item3d4ab2a6c0:g:IuwAAOSwK6RZE2dDThat seems very cheap compared to what some people are charging for similar devices.
Can't really go wrong at that price.
Those expensive ones are also a big scam.
It's not that complicated of a contraption.
However, some say they are more comfortable to wear, but I don't mind this.
If it starts to hurt (sometimes after a few hours), I"ll take it off for a while.
I think that's normal with all extenders.
I don't know, I'm 6'2 and have a 7.5 inch dick with serious girth.But I'm loyal to my girl for life so only she gets it
Elon Musk has like 6 kids.
He divorced his wife after getting rich and now bangs sluts every night, it's just shallow and that's why he's all sadboi about not being in love.
t. dicklet
Then try finding a woman that doesn't know about your money and man the fuck up.
Where did you find this woman?
Sugar baby website?
Man up and maybe lower your standards.
Disregard roasties, acquire currency.
Live a happy life for yourself, not for some parasite with a vagina.
That sucks man i never knew how lucky i was until i noticed my dick is bigger than most porn stars one time a teacher i was fucking even grabbed her ruler to measure, 8 1/4"
I'm a manlet but I have a humongous dick though.
My girl likes it and that's all I need.
tfw u got rich family, big dick AND muscles because good geneticsshit no wonder chads can never settle for one girl for too long.
that would be a waste of time
same as long as she isn't too cunty
I'm a 5'8 manlet and have a 7.5" donger.
Life is suffering, dude.
We can never win.