Nobody had their tokens when Binance listed QSP.
First dump was done by quantstamp themselves.
Then bought back at near ico price, and now pumped.
We all know what is coming next.You have been warned.
Good luck to the hodlers.
QSP has been nothing but shady.
They are giving me a bad vibe.
Reddit shilling (search quantstamp and search blockmason, which looks organic?
), forced memes, $40 mil ICO.
Just seems dump prone.
Pls explain anon
Omg!
This is true.
I'm selling now!
Me and friends think same, ceo say on binance, wait a bit say don't know why on binance.
Strange.
Street shitter alert
1) Pointless Token for fucking auditing smart contracts2) 100% Presale Bonus3) Proof of Shill
sure sure why would you bother burning tokens and fucking around with Y Combinator then?
Every single coin gets listed on binance dumps cuz no supply first but i guess thats too much thinking
Next announcement isn't going to be good either.
I'm out, enjoy your shilling and "proof of hodling".
Thats why its call quantscam
i had my tokens when it was listed on binance...
perfect ... if the retarded /biz kids hate this project ... i gonna buy ... then im 100% sure it will go up ... i bet 1 BTC it will go up ... it always does if you idiots post shit like this ... because im sure you guys try to buy cheap ... right?
;)
t. Increasingly nervous Quantscam bagholder
Hodl until ceo respond.
Enjoy tomorrows "announcement".
Enjoy your bags.
We warned you of this and CONfido.
no man, you where one of the guys who told all the /biz idiots to buy CONFIDO ;) ...
No I told people to buy OCL, Nuls, or BCPT.
But everyone on biz is retarded and does the opposite.
Fucking street shitters.
Binance started selling QSP three hours before Richard ma's announcement that their world premiere listing will be on huobi.
Wtf
Quantstamp is 2x ico price?
its close - ICO at 0.06BurgerCoins, now 0.11
Listen, or stay poor.
It's your choice.
Releasing on binance "without the ceo's knowledge"?
Come on, get your head out of your ass.Wanting you to hodl, if everyone did where would your price spike come from?
Derp new to crypto?The team isn't even responding to these even though news has spread.
They're busy pumping and dumping.
and you are just such a nice guy who wants to protect us from bad bad quantstamp, right?
nothing else, right?
;)
Idk if its a scam or not but the volumes picking up nicely
THIS- FUCK THIS COIN
FUCK!
Why I discovered this thread after buying?
AHHHHHHHHHH dumped
wow you surely convinced me
I'm no better than the guy who bet me 1btc that it will go up.
Check your charts.
Dumped with 70% proffit.QSP very shady imo.
I'm all in at 1.1k.
I was going to sell til i noticed fake sell walls popping up.
Think im gonna ride a little longer.
patience is rewarding