Get behind the best project in crypto.The project has been relatively kept quiet and there hasn't been much of a focus on community engagement as they were busy working on the platform itself.
But with their beta product recently released and the Essential Product release coming up the team is ramping up their marketing and adoption strategy.
They have been meeting with top tier companies like Docker, IBM and Intel about potential partnerships.
They are already partnered with many crypto projects.The project will be expanding to China shortly with the Chinese office to be launched at the end of this year.
Get in while its still cheap Anon.
You do't want to miss out on this.
This is the ONLY cloud computing project with a working product that works AMAZINGLY.
The RLC team will be running a competition for people to build apps and projects on their platform.
Strap yourselves in for the moon shot.
Is this similar to golem?
it's better than golemactually has a product and the best team in all of crypto
I'm getting this as soon as I have funds.I'm getting it because they are partnered with REQ.
Why is this the best team in crypto?
If its better than golem why is it 30%of golems mc?
go look their team up its literally all really educated dudes that already have an actual working product over golem.It's undervalued, simple as that
I got in a couple weeks ago, it all seems fairly convincing.
I really think its the most undervalued project in all of crypto at the moment.
These are meeting with giants in the cloud computing and tech space trying to form partnerships.
They have two leaders in this space.
Have a watch of Gilles (founder and CEO) talk at devcon.
Is there any news coming up?
Just looked at trex volume seems dead.
Nothing until December.I advise you to not buy before 1-2 weeks, chances are this will touch 5k if BTC has another bullrun to 10.Still good coin but not the best time to buy.
I'm in iexec for the long run.
Already have 1K rlc and want to accumulate much much more.
And I also hope they'll make their project reality desu, useful stuff.
All in on this bad boy already.
If you aren't holding deeps bags on this your a fool
I'd like to, but I could barely understand him.
Frenchie accent is too strong.
All in aswell
No need for shilling.
Let it grow organically
Then just read the whitepaper
OK I am in for a bit anon.
Will buy more when I research more.
Is there a slack or telegram?
The subreddit has a link to the slack on it