BTC is also making all time high on the number of unconfirmed transactionshttps://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsBitcoin Cash now takes 60% of hashing powerhttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
Most BTC holders aren't going to care about this.
They will keep babbling "Bitcoin is king" like brainwashed zombies.
This is fucking ridiculous, I bought BTC at $7650 and now I can't even get it to an exchange to sell it.
,000 unconfirmed transactionsWhen will it stop going up?
when core devs fix their software
The unconfirmed transactions are a problem.
At some point it's something you wont be able to ignore anymore.
Breaking point might be if there are 300k unconfirmed transactions
Transaction fees are now around 10USD, which makes mass adoption impossible..
If this Problem is not addressed, Price might drop soon
Lol Nice future currency You got there>uncomfirmed transactionsFeels like Pre Internet again
mfw i run a crypto related businessFucking create a working fucking product, jesus, you nerds had 8 years to figure out how to handle more than 10 transactions a minute.
Except alot of those tx's are micro ddos transactions.Dumb fud is dumb.
HahahaMuh crypto god geniuses, resilience, attack-scenarios.Succumbs to "spam".
Do you have a place I can see this?
I see this repeated a lot but have never seen a source, just sometimes people link to old micro transactions.
fuck this memed dinosaur coin
Unlikely micro ddos, because they still would have to pay 10USD/transaction.
DDOS with 10000 microtransactions would cost you 100,000
 trousand dollars is not a lot to pay when you're helping force BCH to 10x + what it was last week
kek traditional bank transfers are faster than btc nowbut it's a feature!!!
look at the mempool chart and ask why a good portion of the transactions are sub 50 satoshi
I think it's mostly people trying to get their BTC to an exchange, because it wasn't getting this congested until after BTC started crashing.
i think your lucky, honestlythats a poor move
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h
On November 9th I sent a ton of transactions for 40, 44, and 50 sat.
At the time the rate to send at a normal speed from blockchain.info was like 30s/40s sat.On the 7th I was sending transactions at 14 sat and they were going through just fine.Are we talking about sat per byte?
Like I sent a ton of stuff at 14 sat/B on Nov 7th.Or are we talking about like the entire fee.
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24hSo we have,000 transactions,000 above 50 satSo 45,000 below 50 sat, about 1/3rd sending below 50 sat is considered a ddos doe?
I mean last week we were all sending 50 sat transactions.
Maybe a ton of ppl did their transactions without resetting their fees.
WE ARE THE BITCOIN MARINES AND WE WILL NEVER SELL, cuz we literally can't
over 160K unconfirmed txs now
Fuck Theymos
Nornally it does 7 txs a second or so.
It can handle 14 now but only if people (and mostly exchanges) actually used segwit.And if the network wasn't under attack by Jihan Wu
>keep buying our dinotech, it only fails catastrophically if a big meanie decides to fuck with it
topwew
 implying its not an orchestrated 0 fee spam attack
Bitcoin is a shit currencyBitcoin is a shit store of wealthThe only wealth it stores is the inflated wealth of early adopters for which it is a beach ball that they can manipulate almost at will with minimal amounts of their stack using leverage100x long bitcoin retards, bet the house, it can't lose.
Meanwhile I can pay instantly with my contactless visa debt card > currency of the future
56k dial-up coin