Is Ripple the future or will it just remain 20 cents?
You might get lucky with 31 cents in the next year or so...
It's not.
Banks are going to develop their own solutions as blockchain tech becomes mainstream.
It may replace Swift but the technology that makes it relevant is also what makes it irrelevant as it's still a middleman that blockchain will remove.
You sound like every retard repeating the same retarded think over and over and over and over and over again.
Butthurttalkspecialist
And it always gets debunked but you guys have advanced autism or some shit and repeat this thing all over like the refugee crisis spreading all over the world.
if he mentioned jews, bankers coin, too many coins and ripple not using xrp then it would be complete
Thanks lol.
But he actually mentioned something "new" and its his cancerous view of "bUt dIfFrEnT bAnKs oThEr cOInS" its also explained why xrp is still superior fucking subhumans
Eight Billion.
You are sniffing glue if you think as of this exact moment XRP is anything other than pure speculation.Nothing has been said about the purpose of the token.Fill your bags, we all gamble, but stop shilling this piece of shit token.I dont understand who in their right mind thinks this is the "bankers crypto" fuck off
it's never going to go above 50 cents.
PERIODbut its' a rock solid, ain't going anywhere investmentIt's a banks' coin.
Banks have said, the reason why won't use bitcoin for their transactions is because it's too expensive.ripple has so many coins in circulation because they do not want it to fluctuate like bit coin or alt coins.
IF banks started using XRP then the circulating supply wouldn't be as big as everyone thinks.
it's a big IF though; because chances are the banks won't use the XRP coin, but rather just the ripple tech
you tell us, get in here https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
The future will be Tangle / Dag based technology... as long as XRP is based on Blockchain tech, it will have scaling and transaction speed issues - Banks won't use it.IOTA is the future.
I've said Ripple can replace Swift.
But it's nothing more than an interim solution until blockchain is more widely utilized and middlemen like Ripple don't exist.
ripple-chan kawaii
Blockchain will NOT gain widespread use... it is not practice.
By the time this new tech gains widespread adoption, Blockchain will be obsolete and companies will be integrating Tangle/Dag... or Blockchain 2.0 if you will.
Gtfo you ISIS supporter
I dunno, but I really hate this coin.
It has no place in crypto space.
fuck ripple