I fucking told you guys, I hope you 糞楽器took profit when I said.
Look guys, I got the most spiciest china pick you will make more than nuls with high volume i can absolutely guarantee it.
I can post proofs too.
And whats more, you will get even earlier than Nuls.
But this time, I dont want to give it for free.
I really do have a soft spot for you dog brains, and i want to lead you to make massive gains again like NULS.
I made 200k off of NULS.
This one has samee if not more potential and you can get it even earlier, there is such big news surrounding it and can be proven in english.
I want a tribute of respect you motherfuckers, then i will post it for you.If this address reaches 1.5 eth, I will release the information to you.
This isnt even riches for me, but it is an auspicious sum that shows people of biz respects me and dont think im just some chink.
I will post my address if this thread reach 5 replies.
broke NEET trash is getting creative
You dont know who i AM
I'm actually the OP from the Nuls thread.
This is not in the right spirit.I appreciate what you're doing anon, but demanding respect only breeds spite.Happy trading.
I never said i was you.
but i was there and you know what i said, and in yesterday thread.
and you know it wasnt gonna pump a whole week and i said when to get out at the absolute top.
and i dont care about that.. because i will make money off of this coin regardless.
If you are in the know about this coin please share it with the group and i will verify if true but only from this ID since i respect you for having tipped me on that pump
To be quite honest, I cannot say that I have any leads out of china at this time.
My focus has been divided today.You have my attention.I don't support extorting these people though, and you're not likely to get anything from them.As much posturing that goes on, this is largely a place of people that are just trying to make it, and those of us with funds trust ourselves to source information usually.I want you to be respected.
The xenophobia in finance is unfounded and outmoded.
This coin will be government coin i can prove
Well , will have very high probability of happening this month announced.
new coin and can get on non chinese exchange too
Do you still hold nuls?
mysterious.and you cant tell because of reasons kek
Yesterday and the day before, this moron never spoke of NULS, he his making shit up.Yesterday he was talking about Bitcoin.If anyone sends him ETH, you should kys
okay then, i never spoke of bitcoin maybe someone saved my photo.
my op has references to the two threads in question, if you dont recognise them you dont know who i am and i dont care.
now that people have replied enough i will post my address.
the info will be worth it, and you will do a great service to other biz people0x1d74Bdbf8AaED67502BE4c6Cf1977030f51BbA49
The only tribute you deserve is me shoving my huge balls down your throat until you suffocate and than I ram my cock through your pajeet skull you cock sucker
i can tell, but why should i just say the coin now when its way under the radar for free to poeple who have no respect for me?
you sound gay like a dog who humps men
FISH-HEADED SEWER DRAGON
The xenophobia in finance is well deserved when the Chinese don’t play by the same economic rules anyone else does.Don’t believe me?
Try and buy property in China as a westerner...