Thinking about throwing 15k at Raiden...It looks good, and isn't being shilled on Biz which is a huge plus.
Can anyone fill me in on it?
Vitalik is behind it, I already have 37k Raiden accumulated.
Well, volume is kicking off because it just hit Binance a few hours ago: https://twitter.com/CryptoExNews/status/928589294637285376
Not if you want to spend you money on something that has potential value.
THE TOKENS ARE WORTHLESS AND NOT NECESSARY AT THE CORE OF THE RAIDEN NETWORK PROTOCOL!
"Note, that RDN tokens are not necessary at the core of the Raiden Network Protocol and in theory anyone can use the Raiden Network without having RDN tokens.
"Quote from https://medium.com/@raiden_network/announcing-the-raiden-token-rdn-a43fe264dcf1
LMAO like Vitalik cares if a token has any value.
The token is completely worthless on purpose!
The network was designed so that anyone can use it FOR FREE!
No token necessary for anything!
Don't listen to these retards FUDding this.
They did during ICO as well, like the retards that they are.This "useless token" will eclipse OMG's marketcap soon
4274536So... do I buy or not buy?
I have coin loaded into binance and am ready to pull the trigger.
Is raiden a scam?
A pump and dump at best?
It's not a scam bro lolbuy that shit and watch that happens in a fortnight
90 million marketcap already, not happy about buying that unfortunatly.
Why?
Because you want it to?
The token is literally a gesture.
Like Steem.
How often have you tipped the author of a Steem article?There is an "ASSUMPTION" that light clients will be happy to pay a small fee for "COMFORT".
Quoted words are from the medium article I linked above.Vitalik has basically outed himself as a socialist.
He doesn't want you to make money from this project.
There is no value on purpose.
The token was created to raise funds for a protocol that doesn't even require them.
it's incredibly undervalued, like ETPyou should have bought at ICO buy that 15k and send a lil thank you tip here when you make 100% gains  0xBa7C4497AdBa58227ec513F959dC7CC3554B901B
not running a full node is rather comfortableand we haven't even talked about microraiden..keep on FUDding bro.
I wouldn't mind it staying under $2 for a bit so I can add more :)
It is absolutely nothing like ETP!
You can freeze your ETP coins and earn 20% per year, not including the increase in the value of the token.RDN is a token with no value on purpose.
It will never have value because it was designed as a gesture token.
Not FUDing.
The protocol was designed so that the token is NOT NECESSARY!
they are both undervaluedwill you admit to being wrong when this hits $300M market cap?
What about $500M?
Will you still think it's useless as shit after $2B?RDN will successfully be used by many.
We are all lucky that it exists, and it will provide the necessary incentive to all parties involved.
Something need not be deemed necessary to be desirable.
Core Raiden services are free, however:> Providers of auxiliary services are given the means to monetize on the platform by taking RDN token based fees, thereby strengthening the value of the token.
This is aligned with their requirement, that the system is well governed and has the resources to be further developed and maintained in the long run.https://medium.com/@raiden_network/the-raiden-network-token-model-9b6ef8d0b64RDN is raising in price again, by the way.
WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO.
AHHHH
buy it bro
ok... ok...
I think I'm going in.
15k is a lot for me.
Look at the sell walls first.
What's a sell wall?
large asks in the order book.
people taking profits which is to be expected.
try to time it on a dip, but don't think it'll matter too much when you see market cap valuation in a couple weeks
You shouldn't be buying 15k worth of any crypto if you don't know what a sell wall is.
Seriously.Also the buy price is being inflated by sellers in steps.
You have to buy 5 at one price, 7 at a price a little higher....and on and on until you can actually buy more than a few at a time.You can put in an order under the current ask price and hope it fills as the price rises.
Otherwise it will fill on the way down.
^^^^ wants to sell you his RDN and leave you with ATH bags OP.
mommy I bought high again
Yeah, the exact opposite of this.
Vitalik is literally not behind this at all.
He is personally funding other projects to do what Raiden is doing.
Except this coin is literally sub 100m market cap, you retard fudder.
Enjoy being poor, because you don't see the value in Ether being able to handle visa levels of transactions per second.
Wackjob poster.
I am not contra Raiden .... anyway not my problem