Daddy ETH is at $370 you fucking faggotas.
It will reach $1,000+ within 6 months as the normies start to find out about it.
It is imminent.
neat, so ETH is going to 2.7x up while BTC 10x up in the same timeframe?
10xWhere’dja getcha information from, huh?
>didn't buy at 280>Didn't buy at 300>Didn't buy at 320>Didn't buy at 350Is it too late?
BTC $80k in 6 months?
In your dreams pajeet
its still lower than it was a week ago>start reading in sats instead of $
this is the last big ETH pump so the insiders can get out before everyone finally realizes ETH is worthless crap that has done nothing
Didn't buy after it went up to 420 and crashed back to 160
What is the best way to buy eth from USD?
Fuck (((coinbase)))
that ETH/BTC graphicJust hold BTC.
Monies is where normies are.
I'm scared to anon I want to get one eth but waiting too long for another dip
Gemini
done nothingit has proposed something (((they))) can understand, it has accumulated all the best companies and has conjured the best liquidity outside of bitcoin.
it will be the greatest money magnet of this bubble and nobody will realize it's fucking worthless until it's too late
got wojacks on deck just for you bitcoin fag.
Bitcoin is Nokia, ETH is Apple.
It's also shit and not going anywhere.Bought the dip in September.
Barely got 50% out of it.
BTC went 3.5x in the same time frame.
same could be said about ETH/BTC at the start of the year.
Round 2 incoming.
see you at 300
See you at 0.300
literally one guy posting ETH fud in every thread.just kill yourself man no one wants to join your shitty subreddit.
fuck ETH
>mining since july on a 1070>card paid itself off in september, cashed out, fiat in hand>rising value making mining profitable againFeelsgoodman.jpg
who the fuck buys this worthless piece of shit coinfucking newfags who want to suck centralized dick of vitalik the retard
that guy is triggered
Eth will go 5k in two years, just wait.
I think you had a lot eth and sold it low

Just waiting for my pay to come in at the end of the month and i'm buying an ETH, can't come soon enough.
Hopefully it's not too expensive by then....Anyone here loaded up with ETH and fancy helping me?
"its like bitcoin but more stable"
$1,000 within 3 months$1,500 for sure right after bitcoin settles at $11,000
In the same boat as you but I kind of wanted to wait till the next dip
stable with security failures every few weeks, the worst tech in crypto, outdated and centralized trash.
lead my one of the biggest idiots Vitalik?fuck ETHeveryone in ETH should be skinned and burnt alive until they beg for suicide.
then a bag should be made of their flesh where you put their charred and skinless body.
and when you come across a newfag who wants to scam others with crypto, you pull out the ethereum retards and show to newfags what happens to scammers.
Everyone in ETH deserves to die.
one of the biggest idiotsYea he is really dumb with that ETH market cap that he has a large portion of.While you're still using old office memes like a tard.ETH $500 by year end>hurr durr screencop so I can be right forever in history durr hurr > also predicting a 32 or a Z in my ID
Why don't you defend Vitalik the retard for something more than scamming people up to a certain market cap?https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereumfraud/comments/760gmb/lead_developer_of_ethereum_raised_money_by/What now?
You going to cry, you little newfag piece of shit who understands nothing about decentralization or crypto just like Vitalik "the retard"?
Well the ID was wrong so I guess your office meme isn't shit
when they dont think you poo in the loo but you do
what if it never comes?I was considering it but I can't risk it going much higher so fuck it.
Someone is buying $1,000,000 worth of ETH on Gemini at $372
But the whole crypto market is going to crash before then.
oh shit lol you found me
didn't buy at 300nigga it had been sitting there for months wtf