I have 25 BTC to invest how do 2x this in 24-78 hours.
I need a high volume coin(s) to go all into.
(Using Bittrex)
doge
Bitcoin Diamond will Fork within a day, don't move your Bitcoins or you'll be sorry.
Literally free money.
what the heck?
I have a trezor how do I get this bitcoin diamond shit anon
MANA
my advice would be to go in on the coins that could cause the most amount of fomo: bch, powr, tix(probably your best bet- large volume, surged in price, still cheap though, and would cause people to go berserk)
Obsidian/ODN
I looked at powr I;m not so sure about BCH I feel like it's another pump and dump
volume is too low m8
buy bch with it or your gonna have 25 grand left in two days.
XMR
Easy OP.
Either XZC or XMR.
SALT is ready for a pump.
Platform launch on december.
RCN is at a good price right now.
looking at an easy 50% in the next couple of days
SALT, REQ, ARK all spiking through Q4 and HST just 1billionx'd.
prove it
I've been watching it for days now.
why do you expect 50% in days?
SALT has a good team
ok OP you delivered, respectable...so what did you just mine in the early days... you can easily 10x this.. but with that amount of money how do you not already know?
not on bittrex.
dev is an exit scammer that pulled out of project.
literal shitcoin designed for pedophiles.
paid messenger app.
solid Dev teamgrinningkermitpepe.jpg
I have about 75 BTC in total from selling runescape gold in 2012 just started getting into investing
I see, I have a pretty solid discord group where we discuss, you need to network in this world to get news early...thats a lot of fucking money tho bro 600k+
Link plz anon?
and yeah I suppose haha
op, can i be like your little guppy-bro, I can swim along side you, you can feed me, watch me grow into a beefy-bro whale and we can 2x everything we touch?
Think of all our adventures together
I think its closed for now...Ill see what I can do

DogecoinI'm not fucking kidding
on titsthanks bought 100k
already dumped
wats ur discord name Ill PM u
BTGRCN specially, It hasn't mooned yet so when it does = 10x min.
I do have a solid tip for ya if you want it drop discord name bro