Since yesterday I've been trying to make various purchases yet coinbase doesn't let me.
They send me this email every timeIs it a problem with them or my bank ?
Should I contract my bank ?
I've been using this credit card to buy crypto for months yet only now they block my buys.
S2x forkTransactions on holdDon't worry
Call your bank and authorize it.By default banks deny coinbase charges.
I'm buying litecoin thoughYou might be right
Yeah the bank was the problem for me too and not coinbaseBe careful of selling too since my bank blocked deposits too
Did calling them solve the problem ?
I'm thinking of cashing out soon so I don't want to fuck up.I made a purchase one month ago (and several times before that) just fine, without ever needing to call my bank.
Sometimes they just drop to default settings on your account after a certain amount of time.Kind of like when you have a debit card and it has a limit on what size you can use.
You call, get the limit removed or raised.
Then in a few weeks the limit just returns.That's what I'm guessing anyway.I've never been blocked from receiving payments, but certainly from buying BTC with my credit card.
okay, will probably keep trying on and off for a week and then call them if the issue is not resolved, it's not like I'm in a hurry anyway
Man i fucked up yesterday.
I saw it bouncing between 62 and 64 so i sold 98LTC @ average sell of 65.5 on the way to 72 and now it won't go below 66-67.
I'm FOMO'ing hard now.
Idk if i should eat my loss and buy back in or just wait.To put it in perspective those litecoin I sold I bought at an average price of $42/coin so I'm technically up but it hurts.
Any suggestions?
I'm worried we're about to launch past 100 a coin
Unless we see a huge bitcoin dump I think LTC is on it's way up.
I bought at about 55$ my self so I'm holding till at least 90$.
Is the website just shitting itself or something?
Trying to upload ID and I get an error "The object cannot be found here" wheras on chrome there's not even an error message
Yeah me too.
Sold at 64 shits making me puke a little bit.
Will not go back down but here's the deal we buyou back in right now by next week I will be at 50$.
Litecoin FOMO
Never mind, you just have to plug in a webcam and it doesn't tell you anywhere, real helpful asshats
This happened to me, too.
My credit card company froze my card without telling me.
I had to call them twice to get them to authorize the shit.
I was pretty pissed the second time I had to call and I bitched them out.
They've been fine since.