Buy my shitcoin.
QUICK DONT MISS OUT.
hours until the difficulty adjustment on BTC.
After that, if the miners leave BTC for BCH, BTC will never recover.
It will take many hours to do one transaction and the flippening will be completely cemented.
LOL!DEFIANTlyBTC Is the true god.
lolthese bch clowns dont even know how good well be when lighting networks run.stupid fudders btc is the only moon cointhis is just fud right?they all be back ;3
Fuck you i just made 20%+ within a couple of hours meanwhile btc is slowly dying
so much shitcoin crash thread on /biz/ looks like an agressive PnD group shilling campaign
 hours until the miners start mining 12.5 every minute and dump them on the market.so yeah, let's buy more now!
All you shitheads won't be laughing after we dump BTC below 4k.
BCH is the future
guys why is bchstill going up uy btc goes down?
Bch is now the one and only Bitcoin.
Btc is kill.
Give me a really good reason why you think that is.Just one.
No matter how often you spam your idiotic outright lies, it won't change a thing that you will remain a BCH bagholder.
So fuck off.
we're going to 900 guys
difficulty is dropping
at what point will u join us?
BCH has been profitable to mine before, many times.Some miners mine it, then stop mining it.It's a shitcoin
Whale here.
Watch me drop 1k bitcoin the next hours.
Damn, if you bought BCH instead of making this post you would have made a lot of money.
okI'm waiting
ayy lmao
Okay....Do you have 1k bitcoins to give away?
I buy btc and wait like bros say but bch keeps rising!?
YOU SAID DUMP!
IT KEEPS RisingMY BTC IS LOW AND THIS GOES UP!
IS flippining real?I LOVE CORE AND WANT TO HOLD but IM loosing money!
So much shilling, don't worry friends, our savior bitcoin will be resurected and this abomination bch will join his avatar in the 9nth circle of hell
lol he listened to bizNot gonna make it.
GUYS WHY IS BETC LESS THAT 7K?!?
!BCH KEEPS GOING UP?SHOULD I BUY??WHERE?
HOW?I'm loosing money every minute!
dude, turn off the internet, or you're not gonna make it.Don't let your emotions control your bets
Welcome to the BTC bagholder club.
I will hodl.
4281428Fucking hold you goddam idiots.If you have any BCH stare at the markets and sell at the highest point you can muster to hold to then cash it in to low BTC then wait 2 months goddamit
This is now a non shitcoin thread
Btc taking major dumps but bch keeps going.I was on team btc but even I had to hop over.
Good move.
Got out at 7 k.
major dumps?
this was the ATH 2 weeks ago.I sold my BCH for 0.4 on bittrex when they came out, you still have a loooong way to catch up