>not buying the next nuls
wayyy ahead of you pal.
Bought a cool eth worth this am.>muh AMBush
Wtf is it and where can I buy?
Thanks for the hot tip and 0 info or name, Pajeet.
Ambrosus Supply chain project with tons of corporate backingit's going to moon
he doesn't know how to google an image name
y-youre the one thats dumb not meBuy NULS.
nuls is dead fucking coin.
its mooned already.
get on the train, or get left at the station.
idgaf
Supply chain project with tons of corporate backingwhich corporations?
genuinely interested
This is going to be huge.https://ambrosus.com/index.htmlJust read the site and skim the whitepaper, this is going to be what WTC wishes it was.
I sold my AMB for REQ yesterday at 5.2% loss because I FOMO over REQ's announcement.
REQ won't stop crashing.
Pleb coin:-Already listed on coinmarketcap.com -360 million supply-already at 26 cents-40 mil mcap, a known resistance point for new shitcoins-been out for months alreadyThis coin isn't going anywhere any time soon
I think you are looking at the wrong coin.
This isn't on coinmarketcap yet
This is going to be huge
Ambrosus is dumping dont buy it yet.
Not mad at this...looks decent.Holding 38-40 for some hours.. doesn't look too bad.
I'll put in a small bag a wait for a pumpThanks OP
Ambrosus will be big but remember the plight of LINK.
Unless something has like 6mill marketcap and could fill a 60billion industry niche while having little to no blockchain technology competitors as well as partners lined up, you never buy 3-month+ longhodl coins.
Never.Buy Ambrosus in february earliest.
It's not going to moon, seriously.
Unless they use a skateboard with stickers on it or something.
thanks just bought 100k
This actually looks good.
Can somebody shill me a bit please, and tell me what it's trading at/ICO price was?
AMB could be 100% replaced by LINKSame shit for walton btw
Yes it is.
Dam thought this was a low market cap project, but yeah this won't be going anywhere for a while.
Not buying the real NULS sub $1wew
Its oracles network you faggots
I see Discord pajeets are back shilling their RetarDelta shitcoins.> 789678689657897862867452778765 token supply> 50 mill mcap right nowG-guys this thing will 10x TODAY.