>ripple just annihilated link>confido just announced they're decreasing supplylinkmarines... is it.... over?
WTF are you talking about?
ripple ain't got shit on us, bro.
and the confido news doesn't mean anything one way or the other.
Ripple isnt Link's competitor.
It's Swift's competitor.
More pressure on Swift to adopt Link the better.
Yup just a matter of time until swift realizes they bet on the wrong horse and get the fuck out
Fucking idiot.
XRP and LINK are not the same thing, do not do the same thing, are not competitors, and will never be competitors.
XRP is a distributed ledger blockchain for transferring monetary value, and LINK is a middleware oracle that facilitates communication between smart contracts and external data.
LINK and XRP are NOT competitors.>But Ripple vs. SwiftDon't be so simple.
Swift won't go anywhere, and with partnerships, neither will Ripple.
If anything, we will most likely see a Ripple/Swift partnership, or even Swift buying out Ripple and incorporating its technology into their system.
>muh LINKXRP and LINK can coexist in the same system because THEY DON'T DO THE SAME THING.
Fuck you kids are dumb.
If you don't hold both then you need to just shut the fuck up and admit you have no idea what you're doing.
This
the pump and dump is over, congrats youre all lifelong bagholders.
4394575Idiots.
There is nothing stopping a Swift/Ripple partnership.
And guess what, Ripple and LINK can even coexist because they don't even do the same thing.
you mean until they surrender, close up shop, and let ripple take their place?lol.
not without a fight.
and we LINKies are their army.you ripple fags want war?
YOU GOT ONE
Cringed kys
>Ripple said that its cryptocurrency, XRP, will “come into play” as a means of speeding up payments down the line.Does this mean their token literally does nothing?
yes
These retarded posts make me wonder, so I have to ask, do any of you even know what LINK does?
Or XRP, or the Ripple network?
They are totally separate technologies with different purposes, so it's reasonable to expect both of them to be important in the future of how the banking system works.
And STOP with this retarded "Ripple vs.
Swift" bullshit.
They're business competitors, not warring nations.
And guess what?
Business competitors end up partnering and working together all the time, because there are serious benefits for both parties.
This is what link holders think.
That crypto is some kind of anime.
Lmao.
Does this mean their token literally does nothing?ssshhhh
Eleventeen year olds shouldn't be on /biz/.
What would your mum do if she knew you were gambling your lunch money on shit coins?
you're speaking to someone with 6 figures of LINK.
hold your tongue.
I had buy order at 2500 for LINK.
That god I cancelled it in time.
New buy order at 1500 sat
confidoGood news considering they are using it for their oracle.
nice buy order, faggot
As a Ripple and LINK holder these comments make me puke.
Learn your shit first before posting on fucking 4chan.
They are both good plays, not need to shit on each other or call each other out.If you dont know what the fuck these two do keep your fucking mouth shut and just hold and cash out, dont waste your time and keep working hard.
Thanks.
LMAO.
Less than twenty dollars.
KEK
I have heard people talk about banks in relation to both coins, so they must be competitors.
Different exchange
I wish I had 6 figures of LINK.
I’d be the comfiest man in the world.
I only know of Merc and Coss that offer a BTC pair.Are you sure you didn't mean Binance?