Just sold this trash.
I was riding the wave but now it looks like its in a irreversible bear market.>Bought at 0.18600000 sold at 0.16790000If you are bagholding get out now before shit hits the fan.
I tend to do this too.
Let people know after I've sold something in hopes that it keeps going down, validating my decision.
I'm holding out for the january coinbase happening.
Either shit hits the fan or I'm doubling my money again.
I tend to do this too.
Shill for blockstream in exchange for 100 satoshi deposits in my wallet to help pay for tomorrow's curry dinner.
more fake post, jeez
lmao whatever faggot.
All it takes is for BCH to pump 200 dollars and BTC to dump 200 dollars and the irreversible BTC chain death spiral will begin.
I hope you're in USDT or ETH.
I've never understood holding anything long term that isn't BTC.
Firstly there's all the money you'll miss out on between now and then - 2 months in crypto is an ETERNITY.
Secondly, the only thing guaranteed to go up in the crypto world is BTC, which is why it's the only thing worth hodling long term.
the only thing guaranteed to go up in the crypto world is BTCUntil it doesn't.
Seriously.
"el oh el.
It only goes up!
"- that's the logic that makes people get fucked in a crash.
>tfw brainlets cant read this simple chart.Stay poor.
I am making a very specific bet, not holding for the long term.
It would be dumb to sell now just to buy again at a higher rate since it will probably be pumped just before the coinbase release
I'm holding out for the january coinbase happening.You mean when a ton of BCH that was previously unavailable suddenly becomes able to be traded?
Why exactly do you think that will positively affect the price?
I also sold this crap.
Pic related is my trade.
Did i do the correct thing OP?
sorry man...i shilled the fuck outta this before last weekend and dumped on you niggers when i told yall to buy in.thats one thing i do know how to do... is dump
Some retard actually bought your BCH for 0.5Goddamn
impressive imo, how did you know to sell at .5?
nice just sold 100k
buy high sell low, truly biz guy
Pretty sure she put in a highball order in case of FOMO, which paid off.
January comes% of normies don't even know what bch is>A large portion don't even realize "free coins" are about to show up in their wallet.>Look free btc/$.
Dump dump dump dump dump.
Because I draw my charts using bitfinex ticker on TradingView.
The dump started on bitfinex.
Pic related is a screenshot of the walls on Poloniex at that particular moment.
Those walls were set-up in order to push everybody to buy.
But they got eaten as the dump started in bitfinex I saw the walls melting like if they were ice, so i pressed the sell button.>I have the screenshot of the Market Deph because I was speaking via whatsapp with a friend, telling him that the flippening might happen (just before everything started.
KEK).
This is the very next pic I sent my friend.
XDD>Then I came to /biz/ to enjoy reading the salty losers haha
Congrats on this, Seriously.
I made about 10 -12 trades on this trash only the last one was negative each trade was about 5 - 10% in the green so im fine with this final loss.It looks like its going back to near pre pump prices slowly.
Its over.
Pajeet BCH shills need to stop trying.
cashies BTFO
I moved 5% of my crypto into this shit just so I can stop thinking about it till January.
Fucking waste of money no doubt, but I'm sure Roger and co will coordinate another pump before the Coinbase ultradump on Jan 1 and I don't need the stress like last time.
that cucked leftie graphic looks like it came straight out of r/bitcoin's anus
Not an argument.