>ETH, LISK, NEO, QTUM, Hyperledger, RootstockJust how many smart contract platforms do you fags need?
One chink and one Jew.
That's always a good strategy.BTC/BCHETH/NEO
QTUM and LISK are garbage and will be tossed aside soon enough.ETH gets first mover advantageNEO has first mover advantage for asia and has very good branding.
it also has a unique DNA asset system few know aboutHyperledger is a unique one for businesses that nobody can even buyRootstock is for bitcoin and thus will be popular at some point.
Lisk has 100 million dollars in the bank.
Is built off of JavaScript- the most used programming language in the world.
Has solved the the problems eth is having through their side chain process.
Fucking GOOGLE called them to collaborate.
But it’s going to die.... baka this is your second shot at eth and you’ll be watching neo go to 0 because the whole ecosystem is based on gas.
1 neo nets you 1 gas every 22 fucking years.
Just buy gas stupids.
There are only two that matter, Cardano and Tezos.
cardano will be big in 2 years yeah
QTUM>garbageHAHAHAHAHA*breathes in*HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
copeQTUM is legitimate garbage, there is no use for it anymore.
NEO does everything QTUM does and way more.
Also QTUMs founder is a known scam artist.
The fact people are still buying QTUM is astounding
Comsa will probably be the only viable alternative to Eth.I fomo bought in Neo at 630 today but will sell if it doesn't rebound tomorrow no matter how much it falls.
I feel I at least need to give it the weekend.
The scam nonsense has already been debunked many times, and to think that NEO are somehow going to make it as a "decentralized" coin in Asia is just pure wishful thinking.
Enjoy your bags, or buy QTUM while the price is low.
TezosDumpster fire.https://www.reuters.com/article/us-bitcoin-tezos/tezos-organizers-hit-with-second-lawsuit-over-cryptocurrency-fundraiser-idUSKBN1DF37L
4435148More.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-special-report-backroom-battle-imperils-230-million-cryptocurrency-venture-2017-10
Yeah, it's a mess, no shit.
That doesn't change the fact that Tezos is going to be big.
is there like a crypto for dummies?
i don't understand any of this smart contract bs and half of the terms they use are like foreign language.