WE JUST HIT $1000 WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS REAL?
IS THE BLIPPENING REAL?
WILL BCH BECOME THE TRUE BITCOIN?
WHAT IS REAL ANYMORE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Nah it's about to crash.
I SOLD TO EARLY IM A SHIT TRADER WHY WONT I EVER LEARN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
God I hate all you trashy BCH fags
say that to my face and not online c what happens BCH is the fucking future not your precious BTC which is stuck in the past
lmfao the anger god i love watching corecucks seeth after all the KINGBITCOIN bullshit
Run...runaway MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA let me see those pink wojacks MUAHAHAHAHA

That's why you always hold your Bitcoins, no matter if Bitcoin Core or Bitcoin Cash.
Those still holding their free BCH (after the split), are very comfy rn.
I just bought high...Getting ready to sell low
BTC holders confirmed soyboy marxist faggots
If BTC and BCH actually flip I'm going to unironically kill myself
thank you for your sacrifice not everyone can be a winner in trading
Suck a big black cock like the cuck you are
All hail our new overlord Jihan.
>tfw i sold it because it was crashing
I sold my BCH at 0.4 BTCPretty comfy
Would you ironically kill yourself if bch and btc ironically flipped?
enjoy getting dumped onthose who 3x'ed - good jobthose who 2x'ed - good initiativethe rest of you faggots are gonna get rekt
https://shapeshift.io/#/coins
JUST
the bulls charging no amount of selling is stopping itgoing to pass eth this weekend
have any of you soyboy beta cucks ever mined bitcoin a day in your life
Support line is at .12BCC way way overbought, anyone who bought over .13 is in for a rude awakening.
kill'em teeriochecked
lot of expert paid trolls here today, somebody must be a little scared...haha
tfw sold at .07 after the fork...
Chink miners are pumping so they can time it with the EDA.
Once the difficult rises they will dump this shit for BTC and it will drop to 10 usd.
some anons called it yesterday and I ignored itand it just fucking mooned whilst everything else was bleedinga broken clock is right twice a dayI can't wait to actually take good advice from biz and do well again
I can't wait to hear your screams when they reach parity at 4k
F
How much evidence do you retards need to see that the flippening is very real and very in progress.
btc going to the trash bin of history folks...adios
https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down-as-staff-claim-bitcoin-cash-will-rule-in-6-months
S
.75x club here.
do i get a prize
I 'm having gainz wtf is this feeling!
Yeah like the eth flippening
https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down-as-staff-claim-bitcoin-cash-will-rule-in-6-monthsAHHHH WTF IDK WHAT TO DO
If there's one thing you should know about crypto, it's that no one knows what the fuck they're talking about.This won't happen, just like Segwit2x was cancelled and Bitcoin Gold was a flop.
% of the advice given here is utter crap... with the combination of shilling and fudding and pajeetery it’s a wonder anyone here is making gains
It's a P&D, our whale group teamed with a couple massive groups in Korea.
We are dumping BTC into BCH, when BCH hits $1700 and BTC is crashed we're dumping back into cheap BTC.
just went all inlooking for an easy 2x
 then 2000 then 3000 then 4000 then 7000
the article is fucking real.
jesus christ this shit is really happening.
approaching 2x gains on my investments now since a few days ago.
I started crypto this week, got in BTC it rose, then went to NULS it went way up, then moved those profits to BCH and its skyrocketing.
Why didnt I get into crypto long ago
Any profit is good
lol would you look at this noob /biz/ I think its time to sell it all
of course they wont flip you turdfriendly reminder that in 5 yearsBTC = GoldBCH = Trading pair and payment option
If u could all pls dump bch right now and pump shitcoins that would be great thenks
This^They will reach parity, and rise together.