>BCash cucks actually thought the chinks would win against the Jews and allied with Jihan.
They forgot the Jews have been subverting affairs for centuries and have experience in this.
My money was on the Jews and 9K here we come.
Top lel.
I would argue the chinks know more about subverting crypto than the jews
>oh look, the red side spent 3% of their ammunition and they haven't gone on another offensive yet.
It's over guys lol the red side is done and finishedYou have no idea how stupid you look do you.
SHOOK
coping this hardver and jihan conned you fucks.
you know it deep down but will still hold your bags to under 0.05 BTC>never change /biz/
Except Jews have no influence over a fully decentralized crypto currency you fucking idiotThey might have a lot of fiat which can buy a lot of Bitcoin but there's way too many goyim who own too many bitcoins and won't sell until the price becomes rediculous or never
Their mistake was not understanding the Chinks work for the Jews, and that if anything the Chinks were working in tandem with der Juden and both profited off stupid biz cucks.
btc will never fail thanks to the jews, at least not until they do to it what they did to btch
yfw you find out blockstream has ties to bilderberg
another deluded cashie.
ahahahhaahah.
are the bags heavy junior?
bahahahahhahhaahhaha.
your coin is going straight for Rogers wall i.e sub 600 in the next coming hoursthis
the merchants are true artists at this game.
basement dwelling /biz/tards think they can outgame a rabbi.
If you cant beat them join them goyim
What about my post implied I was pro altcoin cash?Because I said Jews don't really have control over Bitcoin I'm pro bch?You retarded or what?
calling others retarded while holding cashcope hard cashie.
we are aware of your feminine passive aggresive behaviours, a common trait in bag holders
Rip them from my cold dead handsChinese are masters at currency manipulation but no match against (((them)))
as much as I hate the jews, betting against them is retarded, they literally have a millennia of experience
Jew own normie's ass, bitcoin is going to be the normie's coin
I love nothing more than twisting the dager into bch niggers.
Its too bad many newfriends got justed though.
They should have DTOR.
All you have to do to personally beat the Jew is hold on to your fucking BTC and never sell.
They will crash it and buy it all up from weak hands.
Today, we are all jews
i normally don't like to see people get JUST'd really, doesn't give me much pleasure, but something about the cashies pretentious attitude just makes them all so easy to hate.Was in a thread yesterday where some shill retard was trying to get people to buy BCH and that it would reach $1600 by this morning and flip with BTC by next week.
I told him look at the walls and that in all likelihood we were going to see ~sub $500 soon (where it should be) and he became buttblasted.i want to see them suffer
Buy ChinkCoin when it goes that low.
China will prop it up even at loss of fiat.