Again nobody here talks about actual good ico projects and fomos in at marketDo some research
we are keeping a tight lid on this one for a reason you moron.
let the ico happen first
these niggers got hacked twice this year and lost millions lmao
their telegram blew up after that retweet.
i wanted this to be a secret too :(
"We"Kek
Shill me this.
I need to recover after getting JOOST'ED
doesn't walton do all this already?
maybe i'm just being dumb
it's like 0x and WTC
TELEGRAM IS MOONING WTF
this is going to be the biggest hidden ico since 0x
mooooooooooooooooonshotpic related
just bought 100k
you have no idea who he is
The next 0x/Walton combined and biz has no idea ...... very bullish... this is gonna moon when word gets out
when's the ICO?
>investing in a coin with a whitepaper written like an advertisement
not sure i follow where the 0x part comes in, can anyone explain?
all the details are in their website and telegram chat.
t.me/deverychat
yea not sure about this one... getting a not good vibe.But at the very least I can agree nobody is talking about legitimate ICO's.I've mentioned Omanilla a couple times but I'm surprised nobodys heard of it.
cheers
same parity from the multi sig wallet?
thinks we careYou will see the monster flip and regret being too dismissive.
They also showed a revision of their whitepaper coming out this week and looks a lot better.They create protocol and you can build verification services on top to earn token fees.
Anyone can be a walton chain or vechain or use it for something else
the same parity founded by the lead dev behind solidity and a cofounder of ethereum.
you are all retards.
presented with the biggest flip opportunity and you grab at straws.
delete the thread op they don't deserve it
shill me pajeet
4468482that retweet has the most likes and retweets on parity's page too
their schtick is targeting disconnected markets by creating applications and dedicated devices thatll let people "use the blockchain" who normally wouldnt have access.theyve beta-tested their apps and going live by end of year, with live demo of dedicated device in March.
Any info on the team?
There's only one coin in this industry that has even a minuscule chance of wide adoption, and it is already on real productsEverything else, including this, are pajeet scams
anonymous team>whitepaper halfway filled with copypasta from bitcoin and ethereum papers% presale bonusYou've got to be kidding me, pajeet.
% is just the presale bonus, they had a closed sale before that as well so fuck knows how big their bonus was.
Invest in this if you want to get dumped on when it's released on an exchange.
Devery seems like a joke compared to MOD and WTC.
Might still be good for a quick flip though.
Modulum.io
The flip will be big because of the low cap and shilling by parity >wtc>modthey raise too much that's why your gains are small.
devery>will have their tech released around sale million sale>mod and wtc>gib 30 million and we gib tech 1 year lateryou will cry tears of blood when you miss the moon