sheldon, have you seen a small cardboard pamphlet around?why yes, i saw that piece of trash and disposed of it accordinglyyou know i like to keep the house tidythat was my recovery seed for my hardware wallet!!!
BTC MOONING ON NOVEMBER 30TH
Zabongo!!
Obama!
Hu, that shit show is still around and made it to 11 seasons?
Oh well, guess crypto still around too.
People just love shit.
SHIT.
SELL NOW, GET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN
it amazes me how ugly and revolting the "female sheldon" is in that show.
imagine a world where most females were that disgusting
Currynigger enters the setHAHAHWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH>Sheldon, have you seen my paper wallet?>you mean that imaginary, completely insecure, money laundering, prodictatorships money that you had printed on a sheet on paper?HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAHA>yes, Sheldon I have all the money of my family there>Its in the trash where it belongsHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA>Currynigger starts searching the trash, finds the paper, the numbers are all corroded with water, cant be read anymore>SHELDON, YOU COSTED ME 10 MILLION DOLLARS!!
!>Ok, cmon currynigger, it wasnt real money, does real money dissappear with water?
Tell him Leonard>Uhh, h-h-he is right Pajeet.
Sheldon is right.
You should have saved your money on regular banks to protect the value of your savings like any smart people would doHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHASponsored by (((them)))

I appreciate this post so much.
It's like you could write for the show anon.
Will it be pro BTC, or anti BTC do we think?
And is this good, or bad?
My anxiety is rising.
I think someone will find bitcoin and sell them.Which is not good for BTC because it could mean that people see it as a missed train, and that it won't go up much more.Best scenario would be somehow for them to recommend people to buy BTC, but that's not funny
written by Chuck Lorre (Charles Michael Levine) I wonder what stance will it have
true, I'm gonna be so happy in a few years
SELL THE NEWS
Extended PlotThe guys find a laptop which has some virtual bitcoin currency on it.
The computer belongs to Penny's old boyfriend Zack.http://bigbangtheory.wikia.com/wiki/The_Bitcoin_Entanglement
Doesn't matter if its pro or anti, it's going to bring awareness to basically every normie.
nice find
ZIMBABWE
ZILLIQA
i guess zack will get rich eventually which would make the episode pro.zack is a guy just gets into the show now and then hes pretty stupid which would fit the typical dumb lucky guy.
Leonard, I used that old hard drive you left on the counter to store blue ray rips of Star Trek .
Bazooka!
4270986or this... yeah we just have to wait hope anyone posts it here soon, there is not enough mooning possible to make me watch another episode of this bullshit
thinking about it, it would be ironic that the "nerds" didn't have as much bitcoin as a guy who can barely type on a laptop.
And pretty fake actually
Gabagool!
anyway normies will see a dumb guy holding a possible fortune so they will get in on it too, expect mooning
http://bigbangtheory.wikia.com/wiki/The_Bitcoin_EntanglementExtended PlotThe guys find a laptop which has some virtual bitcoin currency on it.
The computer belongs to Boomer's old boyfriend Chad.
I got 2 BTC and some chancoins, I'm going to the moon
Lambinga
BAGINGA
you sold my used panties online?
Zaaaack that's disgusting!
the episode goes on to win 5 daytime Emmys
By that logic normies would have just emulated Nintendo games instead of autistically screeching about how difficult it is to get an snes mini.
BOJUNGA
this
kek'd and capped
Zamboni!
Lmao, well done.This show is truly atrocious.
GAZONGOwe're going to the moon boysbuy the news sell the dip
kek
I like how Penny is dating some 6´7" super-chad athlete in real life.
FUCKING CURRYNIGGER