uhhh is this true???
https://twitter.com/TuurDemeester/status/928418821517512705https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-segwit2x/2017-November/000689.html
NOT LARPING HERE, is this true????
don't know, might be a ruse...all this drama is getting to me man
If true bye-bye alties

I swear to god, these motherfuckers.
It's a ruse.
They discovered they can manipulate the entire crypto market with their fingertips and they want to keep it going.
It's kind of like how China discovered they can say they'll ban bitcoin and then do it over and over.
>Sent from my Space ShipWhat the hell is going on?
what makes these shitskins think anybody is going to give a shit about this corporate fork once the corporations that started it all backed out?nobody gives a shit about this, if you want huge blocks, bcash alt is right there for you to use.
KEKi was looking at that!
well lets say B2X goes ahead.you will get a b2x worth $200 good on you
I need answers NOW
panic bump
Mike BelsheYes you filthy goy- i mean fellow human, bitcoin's scalability is a very important problem, which require a lot of centralisation.And if we need to make bitcoin printable to the infinite, well, we'd have no choice.Trust me, i'm your friend, cattle.
Uh, estimed equal.
4257357holy shit guys what do we do
This.
Who cares if they go through with it, fewer people are going to fall for this every time they pull it.
China banning Bitcoin used to drop the price significantly, now it's not even a blip because they have pulled it so many times
THEY SAID NORMIES WOULD BE THE ONES SCARED OUT OF THIS MARKET BUT IM ALMOST DONE WITH THIS BULLSHIT
>Sent from my Space Shipwho the hell does this?
CAN THIS FUCKING MOTHERFUCKER DRAMA PLEASE STOP!
I CAN TRADE WITH THIS SHIT HIGH LOW HIGH LOW WTFUCK IS HAPPENING PLEASE STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!
Whether fork is on or off, the shady bullshit which has surrounded it all along simply provides ample justification for governments to regulate harder.
Obvious fucking insider info and trading going on.
i think these fags lost a lot of money with the Seg2x futures and want to pump it up by a little.
BitPico is the one that sent this to the mailing list.
Check out their github, they're a bunch of amateurs.https://github.com/bitPico
all those people who sold their 2x futures for $200
so it's back on?what the fuck?why should we buy into this when these guys cant even make up their minds about it
corporatehelllllllo blockstream
Does this mean btc will rally and alts will be sold off one last time?
ok it's jews from blockstream fighting against the jews from NYAwho gives a fuck, let's just hope on side of jews wins for good so the entire market doesn't get fucked by all this uncertainty
yeah, blockstream is a company, but it's just one.
did you see the laundry list of corps backing b2x?
and yet they still had no community support.without those corps b2x is dead, everyone will rally around bcash if they want to make a statement against bitcoin.
fewer people are going to fall for this every time they pull itI don't believe that
muh jewsGo fuck yourself with your sky high fees.
Thats the thing, i dont know whether i should go back to BTC.
I just bought alts for fucks sake.
This fork isnt backed by the same people, its only backed by this loser group called BitPico so im not sure if it will have the same effect.
I just want this fucking fork drama to end.
I didn't buy any cheap alts and ones i was going to (walton) went up nearly 80%.
I wouldn't mind another rally so I can buy cheap, but yeah when the fuck is this drama going to end.
Worthless fake news from people trying to buy alts cheap.
Fuck yourselves douches.
Buy at current prices or stay poor bitch.
how will they regualte it fuck head oi give those people back that money you scammed them out of>nowell fuck we cant force them to empty their wallets.
community supportYou mean the loud minority who are the only ones you'll hear on the main bitcoin forums since any dissent is a banable offense by the blockstream member theymos who owns those forums?
That "support"?
lmao
Yea, keep making hard forks you nigger, that's gonna boos confidence in the market for surefucking brainlet
Fake newsThe real fake news was the cancellation
FAKE NEWS MORONS.
Sell your alts and they will laugh at you.
Double cross!
There wouldn't be so many hard forks if core would listen to what a large portion of the community wants, but they don't so we constantly keep getting forks in an attempt to push the necessary upgrades.
The only reason core is against it the upgrade is because it will make their company lose money.
and yet the market clearly doesn't care.
if you don't like the fees transfer some money over to ethereum.you can't be this taken in by the chinese, you realize they dropped their takeover attempt because it had no consensus in the community?
look online anywhere, people don't like this shit.
see the "no2x" spam on twitter?
ever notice how its all the technical people and people informed of both sides that were saying the fork was a terrible idea?stop sticking your head in the sand, you were probably long on b2x contracts.
Fuck crypto so hard man
take over>you must've bought futuresNothing but a bunch of asinine assumptions.
I never bought any futures.
Keep covering for core I'm sure they'll share their profits with you \s
ITS REAL SELL SELL SELL
IT'S FAKE.
SELL ALTS AND THEY LAUGH AT YOU.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
HOLY SHIT ITS TRUE
Fork is still on, but without any support from the miners.You'll get pennies
sent from my space ship
covering for coreno, i'm supporting decentralization and against mining centralization, and the corporate deals that results from it, just like this.do you honestly think if mining was actually decentralized a deal like this would ever be able to happen?
the fact that it got as far as it did shows a serious weakness and failure point for bitcoin.
claiming anything less is just being ignorant.
LOOK AT THE DATE YOU MONGLOIDS.
THURSDAY NOV 9TH.
FAKE.
AND GAY.
are you retarded?
ayyy lmaos confirmed
Cryptofags be like
What are time zones.
He's not, but you sure as fuck are FUDing MORON.
Thu Nov 9 00:05:37 UTC 2017Are you really this stupid?
UTC, retard.
Holy fuck.
This is the email actually cancelling the fork.
You guys doctered it a little.
Now you Bitcoin fud motherfuckers are really grasping.
Wtf whats wrong with these wankers...why say it's still happening now ffs
https://twitter.com/TuurDemeester/status/928418821517512705>midnight UTC?>timezones are a thing pajeet
FUD FUD FUD, THEY LIE TO GET YOU TO SELL.
THEY're PAID CHINESE SHILLS HERE TRYING TO GET YOU TO SELL ALTS CHEAP.
a-are you okay anon
4257895How is this FUD for bitcoin retards.
The free coin meme is literally the only thing that caused it to spike this hard.
You should be thanking the Segwit2x forkers for making the price go up.
Join our collaborated pump group on telegram where we discuss what coin we will pump next.
I am giving away the Palm Beach confidential on November 16th.
t.me/joinchat/GlRSG0Po444c7gw8rld96wI'll see you there
Ok yeah yeah yeah you git me, time zone blah blah blah.
I fucked up.
It doesnt change the fact that this is actually the cancellation of the fork, and you mongs ate some scamming motherfuckers.
The switch to 2mb + segwit data would not cause centralization.
Even my 5 year old computer can easily keep up with it.
In fact with a 30MB connection and a modern computer you could get up to 100tx/s with the only limitations being the unoptimized core code.
2mb + segwit is a lot less than 100tx/s.Miners do not control Bitcoin, no body does, the only way anyone can push through an update is if the market adopts it and that would only happen if the market thinks the change benefits Bitcoin.
The 2x upgrade is creating so much noise because it has market support otherwise no would care about it, like no one cared about the Bitcoin Gold fork, but some members want to keep on chain fees high for their own personal gain those members happen to also control the main Bitcoin information outlets.
They make themselves look bigger than they are.
This -- turning the development of Bitcoin over to mining interests would have been death for any sort of long-term advancement of the platform
Calm down, I ain't selling.
This "fork" is another Bitcoin Gold at best.
https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-segwit2x/2017-November/date.html#691you absolute retardsyes it's true yes it's still on
Did you even read the message?
Everything with a memearrow is a quote, fyi.
who is "bitPico"?
https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-segwit2x/2017-September/000313.htmlBitpico owns 1.63% of hashing power and are virtually unkown.
You can't take these guy seriously.
Worst FUD attempt ever.
Just KYS.
I litteraly linked to you what the fuck was upLike I linked it with date and the repliesThe fork is still on
Judging from his posts ITT he's either baiting or really, really sperging out right now
It's probably that tryhard oldfag from the other day that was assuming he was the only person in the world still holding btc and this would somehow make him a biz legend....
Ah so cute.
Look at the coordinated morons still thinking people will fall for "derp fork still on!"
FUD.
Absolutely adorable....
fake news https://twitter.com/whalecalls/status/928434162033479680
/reddit.com/
fake newsnot fake news, but the reality is that 2x will not be able to get 51% consensus no matter how hard that pajeet bitpico tries
I don't trade fundamentals or technicals.
I trade completely based on no source images posted on an adolescent internet culture forum.
Down 200% since Jan and still dropping.
Hopefully by the start of 2018 I will have lost enough to finally be able to kill myself in peace.
Oldfag was the only one carrying the Torch for Bitcoin on Biz in the darkest days.
Jus' sayin'.
He spent a lot of time gathering info from the Darkweb and his other sources to out this type of scam ehile you sat there with your thumb up your bum.
OK I take some of my posts back, apparently it's kinda fake news.
Nobody has 30% hashing power, right ?
Fuck u bitcoin goldnis my shiieeet
Good, hope they do it.
That would result in a SLIGHT reduction in hashpower available to original chain, which will lower difficulty.
Good news if you're mining.
Not really, he was just the only one that wouldn't shut the fuck up about it.
I held btc too, I just didn't feel the need to make a thread about how I'm a "legendary oldfag" who's self admittedly the next Einstein...because I held btc.