TELL ME YOU HOMOS
PLS DON"T GEEZUS CHRIST
You should've been in at 0,18, if you dumped this morning.
But you still have time do it now or regret the pump starting in minutes to the next hours.
wait for a monster dump
IS TOO LATE!
Anyway you look quite retarded so yes, buy now, sell at a 10% profit to stay safe.
It's too late.
We are going to see 2000.
At $1336 on binance.
If you are reading this thread and haven't jumped ship, say goodbye to your profit.
Buy ETH..... You've been warned.
Dont fomo.
DYOR.
Look up Dcorp, it's been talked alot on bitcointalk.
Ask yourself whether you believe in the flippening.Assign a probability to it.
If that's higher than the current exchange rate in BTC, make the bet up to that probability.I sold 30% of my coins at 0.080-0.025 for BCH.
should wait and buy at ath
Is it?
no.
1400 at best, then back to 0.12-0.13 after the difficulty adjustment and then slowly back below 0.1>muh flippening
If you didn't already you're too late.
But i just dumped all my eth for bch...like $15k worth
Yesterday was the time to buy.
It's too late.
If you want to lower BTC price even more, then yes.
Flippening is and will continue to happen.
Miners are the absolute power in POW coins, and they will have their way.
Oh my god, don't fucking shill this nothing coin some poor newfag might listen to you and lose all his money lol
I can't wait until all of you arrogant niggers have to eat your words.
You are about to lose everything
All of this BCH BTC fuckery will get exposed over the next year as a few insiders taking advantage of the lack of regulation and noob fud.
Trying to time this shit is silly.
Probably better off chasing the herd.
Just don't wait too long.
You've missed the train on this pump and dump.Monero and Vert will be next.
First tank the BTC pillar.
Then attack the most virtuous alternatives that crypto defenders will point to.
(((They))) have a plan to attack the credibility of cryptos.
Can't I just hold my alts?
If the flippening happens, then they'll just be valued in BCC anyway.
Maybe for this reason Ethereum will win because they’re going proof of stake.
What’s the point of cryptos if miners have all the power in making decisions based on greed?
https://twitter.com/adam3us/status/923309367260274688I think it's the other way around soyboy
Shmart shmart
Buy.
I'm buying more as soon as my fucking transaction goes through.
Started buying at 0.06.
Still buying because I think BTC will really bee worthless soon.
probably a good idea
if they are good alts like monero or eth then yes, if its pump and dump garbage, no
Damn is that Hila?
Buy bchWhat the hell for?Pump was epic smart money already got outEnd of story
yes buy then the next day wait for pink wojack
yub
Will be higher than now within 1 week.
In the meanwhile though, it might dip.
Might not.
You decide to risk waiting or not.
People are buying counterfeit bitcoins for $1300 each.
people are trading fake bitcoin for 5 real bitcoins
yes, go
You realize all of you laughing at $1300 and saying it's gonna dump are the same people who said that at $1000.
Everyone who ignored you made 30% today.
So what?Those opportunities come and go every single day, you dumb fuckWhy would you risk it all right now?Truly the definition of a stupid fuck right here
It's being artificially pumped to 2k to stay more profitable to mine than BTC after diff adjustment
stay out of it, if you hate money
BUY MOTHERFUCKER, GO BALLS DEEP, BCH IS GOING 1 TO 1
Why would you risk it all right now?140 thousand unconfirmed transactions vs a bitcoin with bigger blocksit was obvious in august, it is still obvious now, bitcoin legacy is obsolete garbage
You literally have the chance to buy Bitcoin for $1300.
buy it, it’s about to moon Gavin andresen the successor to satoshi gave his endorsement on twitter
If you asking us what to do?
Do it gentile.Send it to your btc wallet so you get double when the fork happens
that order book tho
It's been worthless for a long time now, the market just hasn't realised till now.You simply can't have a currency that doesn't provide the utility of a currency and yet somehow has an arbitrary value to it.
You simply can't have a currency that doesn't provide the utility of a currency and yet somehow has an arbitrary value to it.Cool, can both BTC and BCH die then?
Have an actual decent crypto that isn't shit take its place
I'm not a TA pro, but it looks like it's about to do a nose dive pretty soon
BCH will always be profitable after the fork tomorrow, this pump is organic and money will continue to flow from BTC to BCH although the stampede hasn't started yet it is getting closer.The BTC mempool is 125k+ right now, there's a lot of fucking money trying to get out of BTC right now.
there's a lot of fucking money trying to get out of BTC right now.That's assuming all the transactions are legit and not just an attack on the network
But don't you also remember how after the BCH and BTC hardfork, suddenly the transactions were faster and cheaper because network spam stopped?
artificially pumped
https://coin.fyi/news/bitcoin/all-bhc-volume-is-coming-out-of-a-korean-exchange-with-0-fees-that-is-compl-7c5czwProof of pump
God fuck off with this meme, transactions cost $6+, to hijack traffic you'd need to be spending millions.Transactions became cheaper and faster because transactions moved to BCH you stupid fuck, there was much less load on the BTC memechain
4305269>this pump is organic and money will continue to flow from BTC to BCHBut it's planned.http://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrThat's real scummy of you to use a popular politician as a face to promote your investments.
Transactions became cheaper and faster because transactions moved to BCH you stupid fuck, there was much less load on the BTC memechainAre you serious?
When that thing launched block times were long as fuck because the difficulty wasn't adjusted.
LMFAO
4305416Obviously I'm debating paid trolls, I've got better things to do.
BITCOIN CASH IS BITCOIN.
a random tweetany retard can go on coinmarketcap and see that 30% of the of the volume is from a gook exchange, it doesn't matter your brainlet
he tells himself the transactions were faster because BCH launched>BCH taking hours to mine blocks because they didn't retarget the difficultyKeep telling yourself that a Chinese knock off of Bitcoin being the real deal.
I'm sure an oligarchy of miners and ASIC manufactuerers is Satoshi's vision.