We're in for a hard reset, too many useless coins exist purely for trading and serve no other purpose.
Sure you could get lucky daytrading them but in the mid-longrun 95% will go to zero.Take a good look at picture related about transaction amounts.ETH is doing more transactions than pretty much all of crypto combined.
Let that sink in.
Not here to hype up Ethereum, just want to give you guys a reality check of how dead all other coins -except BTC- are comparatively.
Source:https://bitinfocharts.com/index_v.htmlTransactions in the last 24h:ETH: 544,552BTC: 344,561Dash: 10,702 XMR: 6,994LTC: 28,280I'm not even going to bother searching for all the smaller coins that are being shilled here.
They have no substance.
95% of coins around to day will die of HARD, get ready for purge.
Invest in longevity and go for the real coins with real roadmaps and a real future.
The great culling begins.
Do tokens count for ETH transactions?
Yes.
4503874If every shit token counts, the actual "raw" Ethereum transactions are probably far below the one and eternal king - BTC.
I think they are factored in, a big chunk of volume is created by Etherdelta, a decentralized exchange dapp.Ethereum is actually used for what its built for.
Geh.If you want compare charts yourself:https://coinmetrics.io/charts/
you fucking faggot.
it's all erc20 shitcoins combined
As I said, most coins dont matter but I excluded BTC.
It has it's purpose, but take a look at and picture related.
This will not end well for BTC.
we are definately in the mania phase right now.
last months have been crazy.
shitcoins with no use get millions in funding.
everyone thinks that they are getting rich.
a hard reset will without a doubt come.
all the shitcoins except the top 10 will probably die.
and bitcoin too is in a big need of a correction.
inflated by tether.
Too bad /biz/ doesnt click on threads with actual info in them.I knew I made mistake when I put a chart as thumbnail.
Keep it coming, I just entered the fray and plan to be in it for the long haul.
But the current state of affairs is unsustainable.
Having said that, we are looking at the future and I'm all in :)
true.
community too blind and greedy
I think ETH has an excellent roadmap with a very very active Github / dev community, price it pretty much guaranteed to go up from here if you ask me.I think 1200 USD ETH is very possible in 2018.As for BTC, it's riding on the store of value media attention wave, which is fine, not much else to it really.
I think buying ETH is like buying oil before cars and other motorized vehicles were invented.
Ethereum already has quite a few dapps active and we can see what this does for transaction volume, imagine Ethereum becoming the new standard decentralized platform worldwide..The usecases and transactions (read: profitability of Staking) is going to be massive.
what does a "reset" or "purge" even mean?
it would refer to what kind of a result we want but there isn't really a feasible way we would achieve it economically imo
all these shittokens are exactly the reason eth has stagnated and will continue to do so for the midterm
A flee of capital to bigger coins.You've already seen it happen because of the BTC fomo, look at all other coins and check their BTC pairings.
Most are down.Everyone flees the fuck into BTC when it rises, no one gives a fuck about 95% of the coins out there otherwise they'd hold them during BTC rises.
Yet they ditch them first thing, because everyone knows those coins dont mean shit except for a quick flip.Notice how this never really happened to ETH, it's just completing its massive bullflag after a MASSIVE rise (bigger than BTC still % wise this year) in a complete comfy matter.When ETH starts moving, and this will happen very soon (before end of January is my guess) we'll see a massive outflow of capital from all these randomass coins into ETH.
What about doge?
Doge is unironically a store of value for the hard times to come
CHAINLINK WILL RISE AMONGST THE ASHES
Op, can you give me a quick primer on staking, or point me in the right direction?
It's kind of weird that BTC is running with the store of value angle, since it's the weakest part of the technology.Realistically there's nothing really preventing the 21 million cap from being raised in the future.
It's a POS system instead of BTC's POW system.
POW = use shitloads of electricity to calculate transactions and mine coins.
Wasteful and retarded for the environment.POS = You put your stack of ether on the table and you're a node.
If you cheat or lie, you lose your stack.
No wasteful mining which damages the environment like BTC does.Thats a very very simplified version of it.
You'll probably need about 1000 ETH to be node on your own, or you could join stakingpools if you have less.
Like how it works with GPU mining now.
POS is the way of the future really.
POW is unsustainable as fuck.
Absolutely true, especially after all the hardforking lately.
Not defending BTC here, just trying to say it's going to take a while before it disappears.
It has more lastingpower than 95% of the coins out there.
What kind of ROI could one expect from a 350k + investment...
implying the energy problem wont be solved any second nowespecially for things that can be "postponed" in the sense to only mine in timeframes where energy is virtually free
The purge of shitcoins is an ongoing process.
Look at cripple for example.
25000 sats at its peak, it's below 3000 sats right now.
DGB is another good example.
2200 sats was the ATH, now it's 111 sats.
That's a 95% loss if you bought it at ATH and held up until now.
Plenty of other shitcoins out there are already back to their value in sats before the 2017 bullruns.
ETH is literally an FSB coinWhich is also why it will continue to increase
What does FSB stand for?
4506025What does FSB stand for?
4506091What does FSB stand for?
what the fuck is FSB?
4506205What does FSB stand for?
FSB?
Fake scam bullshit
they are still using the ethereum blockchain to move aroundfucking coping faggot
45062054506306Unworldly burgers spotted.It's Russia's Federal Security Bureau.
Intelligence agency.
My body is ready for breaking out of this massive pennant in ETH.
You basically showed that large amount of transaction is not correlated with high price.
Thanks, just sold all my ETH.
People are using the network for the tokens and don't care about holding shitty ETH.
It's like saying your mom is valuable because she gets fucked by 100 chads every day
That doesn't take away from the number of ETH transactions.
They all ride on ETHs back.
Seems like the mania phase until you step back and realize how much of the world has no idea what is going on (yet).
The world is bigger than 4chan/reddit.
more like mom is valuable because 100 chads were spawned from her uterus
This one works too
you cannot directly compare btc and eth transactions like this
This is true.
It's only a mania phase in our little bubble.
Normies view all of crypto as a huge bubble and want to put their money in 5% ROI stocks.
I mean on one hand it is a bubble however it's the beginning of the bubble.
Big money is starting to get ready to get into BTC and with that normalize crypto which is going to bring in a ton of new money.That's why I'm all in on ETH.
I don't care about it's issues.
All the coins have issues.
It's because it's right next to BTC on normiebase at a massive discount compared to BTC.
New money will pump my ETH.
How about XRP?
Is that a good hold right now?
4507025Except when POS arrives your mom will be fucked by 10000000 chads a day and you're going to earn money every time she does.
A large amount of ETH volume is people exchanging fiat for ETH to send to an exchange.
If you want safe small profits yeah probably.
It's never going to double or anything though.
Wise.
I will do as you anon.
A large amount of ETH volume is people exchanging fiat for ETH to send to an exchange.b-bbut why?
ltc is the best way to do that
Saves you having to exchange LTC for ETH on a lot of exchanges.
ETH has pairings with every new shitcoin most of the time.
thanks for this, really good explanation of POS and POW.
get room in university dorm>set up mining rig on free electricity>??
?>profit
Only 3 coins are certain to survive in the long term: ETH, BTC and XMR.
Ordered from highest market cap to lowest.
That average is misleading because of expensive contracts.
Simple transaction costs  cent.
ETH won the adoption game.
BTC has a much stronger brand and could still take the mantle if not for Blockstream and their schemes - but they are not going to raise the block size until hell freezes over.
Eth value rises quadratically with every new user according to Metcalfe's law, BTC's stopped rising sometime in November 2016.
Since then every new user pushes one out.
The public always reacts with delay.
Current BTC price rise would be appropriate pricing if adoption wasn't stalled by the size limit.
It's mainly because of ICOs.
They got massive amounts of ETH which in case of earlier ICOs gained substantially.
They were and still are selling tons.
Early adopters were also selling tons.
The fact that ethereum held at $200-$300 is a testament to how strong the adoption is.
2017 is three years of Bitcoin history (2013-2016) condensed into one: first, a massive rise, then a drop followed by a long semi-stable period.
Eth is now in September 2016 in BTC's time.
I considered doing this when I bought a gaming PC and set in up in my uni dorm.
Read up everything you need to know about graphics cards.
Found out about BTC LTC DOGE.
meh time to play vidya.
Had a conversation about the "free" electricity and BTC mining in 2014 after upgrading my GFX card too but still just played vidya instead .
>JUSTThis was in late 2012 early 2013.
But instead I just played vidya
Fair point, even better fees for simple transfers then.I think the general public will start to really learn about Ethereum in the second half of 2018, but we'll definitely see a price rise before then.
Woops last sentence meant to be second line.
4508190you fucked up buddy.could have mined while you slept
This.
Elephant in the room is not tether or this faggy flippening.
It is the state of the FED, Boj, ECB and western markets.
Throw in China for good looks since it is going to be a party.Also ETH is an obsese single mom that produces low IQ erc20 tokens.
Lorded over by money skelly who by the way has the worst fucking bones.
Eth network can't handle 1 busy ICO.
Let that sink in.
https://powercompare.co.uk/bitcoin/This can't go on.
Imagine if -for some miracle- they got BTC to scale and work worldwide...
https://coinmetrics.io/charts/>Monero transaction volume, NVT and exchange to transaction volume are impossible to calculate due to RingCT technology which hides the amounts sent for every transaction.
Likens it to buying oil before cars were invented>projects 3x on investment
Yeah well I could make your panties wet by talking about 25k or 50k or 100k ETH in the far future but that's way beyond the scope of /biz/'s millennial attentionspan.
Because you're once, twice, three times a lady.
and I love you, yes I do.
So fucking close to breaking out.
Get on the rocket.
Warned you all.
Could've bought the bottom right before it took of.