BTC 8k in 24hrs, screencap it.
BTC hodlers are like the equivalent of boomers at this point.
t. bagholdernot all kings rule forever, my son
Dubs confirms BTC will rise to 15k by Wed
kek .
you think difficulty will matter ?
ppl dont want to deal with corecuk amymore, the market wants bch .
the strongest hash miners see the long term value of the flippening.
not a quick fakeout for lower btc dfficulty
Include me in screencap
It already bottomed out, 12k by the end of the week
buttcoin is pretty much a tulip right now.i'm wondering what impact it will have on the economy when shit hits the fan.
Man... no man.
I'm all in bitcoin.
We'll be lucky to hold $6k in 24 hours.
And then we have a may/june alt bull run market with all the new dumb money that was brought in from the btc pump and this bch fomo.That is the dream boys
I just hope it doesn't kill crypto.
It would all come down for a few chinks and some greedy small-timers.
LONG LIVE THE KINGLONG LIVE THE KINGLONG LIVE THE KING
exit all crypto markets
k by Jan 1
lol
Love is not a victory march...
kekfpbp
Thankyou, i'm honered.
40k by my gf's son birthday
I'm a buyer at $900
IS THIS YOU?
?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ul26VZUEkiY
the hashrate is never coming back bch is fixing it's eda tomorrow.
We are witnessing the chain death spiral of btc
10 Billion trading volumne.
BTC at 6 Billioin, people can't sell fast enough
People always stay with what makes them comfortable, and Bitcoin is comfortable.
I dont think BTC will ever be replaced to be honest, even by better, faster tech.
BTC is king, and all those who come after can only hope to reach a fraction of the success.
What you are saying makes no sense.
Remember Myspace?
Okay nevermind what i said, holy fuck were all dying tonight.
EVEN MORE MOMENTUM
Kings die or retire.
And when that time comes, a new king shall emerge.
Bitcoin will be king for at least a few more years.
K I N GONG
Why is Korea doing this?
WHY!!
Trips confirm that BTC will hit $25,000 by Black Friday.Then, it will crash so hard we will hit the Second Great Depression.
President Trump will become the hero and savior of America as he pushes for US Coin to become the currency of the world, making all other global currencies obsolete.
The old king is deadLong live the king
greedy small-timers.just call them jews anon
BCH is Satoshi´s version.
The King is back, he never died
BTC is going straight to $10k when this dies down in 24 hours
BCH is a centralized Chinese coin, they’ve been planning the last few days for months.
BECAUSE THEY DON'T HAVE PERIPHERAL VISION
Seriously why would you buy alts right now?Lets say you have 250 bucks of bitcoin you bought at 7k, now that bitcoin is 5.5k it is worth 200 bucks and any alts u buy will be with 200 bucks not 250 so you not only get less as alts havent dropped in SATS only in dollar value because bitcoin has dropped.Example: You spend 250 on bitcoin at 7k+Now your bitcoin worth in dollars is 200~If you put in that bitcoin into an alt and it goes up 25% you made 50 bucks on your 200 and now you have gone even like u stupid fukcers
miners see the long term value of the flippeningsincere question, no irony.
does anyone sincerely believe this?
Why would it go up really quickly when it's back down to $5,555 right now?I am new to Bitcoins.
what hashrate can i get on a gtx 1050ti?
Ok
AAAAAAAAAAAAAJ
This is what I think.
I only have 5% in crypto so there's no point to fuss yet.
.2k

>digibyte continuing to tank quietly in the backgroundGod f-fucking damn it
whitesailormooncat.jpg
BCH faggots are being chinked hard
when kikes don't want to lose their money but its still not enoughabsolutely hilarious