>healthy chart
It was fine until ~4k.That last push beyond 7k was an overkill.
Rich corrupt democrats buying into Bitcoin after Trump won.
>no log sclaeop is a fag
Amerimongrels have no impact on bitcoin's price

michigan
My IQ is 140 and I voted for Trump.
Colorado is blue though
its almost like smart people know they can exploit retards.........wowee
i call horseshit on CA and NY.
WI, MI, PA are red.
The south is full of beaners and nogs that drive down the average.
Your IQ is 140 and you don't know how an average is calculated.
tfw to intelligent to win an electionlol kys faggot
white southerners historically have never needed anyone to drive down the average
4484975448501644851254485199stop derailing my threads u cucksBTC 10x its mcap this yearBe honest it can not sustain this growthHow hard will it drop ?
it will be a huge drop when normies realize they have no idea what the fuck they're buying.
>muh future of money>muh store of valuePick one.
And it had better be the correct one, which is "future of money," because that is the only purpose that bitcoin was actually created for.
And it doesn't work.
It can't handle the transaction volume of a mid-sized Walmart.People are buying on hype alone, and hype never lasts.
Eventually the hype will die, and people will actually look at what they're buying.
Bitcoin will die because of a lack of innovation and a resistance to change.
Every proposed fork or upgrade is shouted down by retards.
That is why bitcoin will never become more efficient, and why bitcoin will never become good enough for mass adoption.
And that is why bitcoin will die.
You're looking at an S curve.
Seen that before.USD in hyperinflating and it finally found an outlet.
My IQ actually is 140 and I would have voted for Trump if I were American.
You know which other retard likes to mention is IQ?
>Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q.
is one of >the highest -and you all know it!
Please don't >feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
retards syill not knowing the image is fakeIt surprises me how dumb the average 4channer has become
Nothing unusual here.
Im being honest now, this growth makes me nervous.
But with the increasingly nervous bonds and stock market, and the rising tension in the world in general.
it is not that unlikely that money is being channeled into crypto and the growth of bitcoin reaching unprecedented highs
TONE VAYS SAID IT HIMSELF THIS FEELS LIKE 2013 AND NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
4486003thanks for the high iq answersthe thing is i'm more into daytrading and just trade alts to accumulate more btc, growing btc is just a bonus to mewouldn't like to see all my btc go to zero, but trying to figure out which alt will dethrone btc is more gambling than daytrading is t b h