Lost over 40% on this mother fucker and it just crossed its support line.
Fuck this shit,just sold it and went all in on LINK, hopefully it will recover my losses next year.Please tell me it will biz, please tell me I did the right thing
Anon, I..
Im buying more mother bitch!
> selling the bottom
lol.
buy back your bch then buy link with your gains when this war is over.
your failure is that you assumed it was over.4386502
Lol.
Bitcoin Cash is going to get added to big exchanges now that it's over $1000 and holding the third largest market cap.
More money will come rolling in by January.
It's a lot of risk, I won't lie.
But you dun goofed
you will lose everything
just sold it and went all in on LINK, Ouch.
You might want to diversify a bit, bud.
OP U should DEFINITELY Hedge YOUR BETS Go get a loan do a car title one if you have too and put it all in LINK if they repo car who cares you will have lambo one day just like rest of /biz
It doesn’t matter if I sell at the bottom to trade for another coin at the bottom.It’s already on most of the big exchanges man.Ta says its gonna drop like crazy, its scaring the shit out of me.I will just chill with the remaining money in link, maybe trade a lil.
Feels like it will be comfy as fuck
Wait until bitmex dump its bch you idiot, thats where the fun start
More money will come rolling in by January.A hell of a lot of supply will also become unlocked when Coinbase gives it out to their users.
Do you honestly think that will positively increase the price?
you screwed up.
it's recovering.
Fucking unbelievable mother cumets
I think he means there will be trading pairs added with it, like with ETH and BTC on many exchanges, so people can trade things for BCH without going through ETH or BTC.
on the 1m charts maybe
Out of the spaceship and into the black hole
Ooo Bic boi why you talka so mean to me?
>just sold it and went all in on LINKGetting double JUST'd.
Man fuck it all, at least I can sleep comfy for some time right now.Holding bch stresses me out like a mother fucker
it's recovering.Anon...
Lol.
You trusted ver and Wu.
What did you expect.
Sucker
LOL HOLY SHITGlad I didn't listen to the guys telling me to "HOLD" and at least wait a few days to see what happens.Took like 17% loss, which I was sad about, but I'd be on suicide watch if I held at this point.Put it into FCT and CVC, and already recovered all my losses (FCT moreso, CVC hasn't done much yet but I'm hopeful)
it cant go down forever you fucking idiot, as soon as it pulls back you are the one crying
I know they teach kids how to draw a line in preschool, but maybe you should revisit that class anon.
And do you know where the bottom probably is?
I want you to look at how long the last bleed went
Really feels like a complete august dejavu slow bleed upcoming.I rather sit in the limbo with the linkies
it cant go down foreverWhy not?
bch accidentally lowered trust and therefore the value of the entire bitcoin/shitcoin economy instead of solidifying it.
Dump this shitcoin and signal trust in bitcoin.
BCH is over I'm out.
Thanks for the wake up call anon.
Not trying to fud or shill but after that 1200$ support got broken you really need to revaluate whether or not bch is a baghold
Are you me?
I made the same dumb mistake with bch but mine is a bit worse..
I had the chance to x3 my initial investment and I decided to hold... and hold and hold.
And panic sell, and fomo buy.All this ended up with me losing 40% of my portfolio.Itsmbeutal man, and im also considering just throwing everything at link and wait.
lost over 40%>wasnt up 30% that day by scalping>then sold for a 60% losspleb, also you just fucked yourself even further, not memeing, i genuinely feel sorry for everyone who got fucked by that babyfaced chink faggot.
lol you fell for the flippening meme.
Dont let /biz/ get in the way of your profits!
Thank GOD , I sold an hour ago jesus