I'll just leave this one right here.
What you do with this important information is up to you biz.https://publica.io/
the next 100x
I know and soon Publica will join its ranks.
oh fuck i was whitelisted for this but had no idea that the hard cap was 1 millioni dun goofed guys :(
Where does one find coins before they get listed?
Seek and ye shall find anon.
That's the golden secret.
do you know what the ticker for this coin is?
i wanna try get onto it once it hits ED
I want to join a discord group where people share this info.
What a shitcoin this isGood luck buying those bags from the presalers, /biz
PBL
PBL apparently
Awesome find, will scoop on ED if I can get it for x2!
I was whitelisted but the ICO only lasted a few hours
Market cap is only $ 1million and barely any presalers.
Only 490 ico buyers.
Weak FUD anon.
if a whitepaper ico like confido can reach 10 mil, i don't see why you wouldn't want to get into a micocap coin that has a product early
When does it hit ED?
Presale had 30-40% bonus.A small cap doesn't un-make a shitcoin.
The ICO was full of flippers like those shilling here.
I know because I was one of them
 week from nowProof or GTFO.
No real flipper would ever spread fud on his own coin.
Only noobs are allergic to gains.
Fake and weak FUD.
Congrats, you have now established your stupidity.
This
Don't say I didn't tell you biz.
You heard it here first!
i heard this shitcoin on a podcast.
it's a legit project for books.
member amazon only wanted to sell books?
On a low market cap like PBL's the potential to be the next amazon would be amazing long term.
I'm surprised no one has looked past the extremely small cap to see that there is a large team involved in this project.
They are all experienced members too.
This post is incorrect by stating it's a 10x opportunity.
It's a 10x MINIMUM.
This is even better than Confido...compare the team of Confido to the team of Publica....Publica blows Confido out of the water.
Wait what the fuck, for the past 3 days I had a tab on this and was thinking about buying if it got any closer to their cap but it was at around $260,000 for 3-4 days.
Then I wake up today and it ALL got filled?
A whale or two must have gobbled up the rest of the PBL.
ico buyersThe team is stacked.
It was 1/10 of a cent at ICO, right?
Hmm.
I think I missed out on this ICO, but this ICO bubble has many more years to come.
Still looks good for LT investment.
Dot-com 2.0 here we come.
Come along for the ride
if this shit goes 10x im fucking offing myselfgot approved for whitelist and had the fucking email sitting in my junk folder
This is easy 15 to 20x.
$1M hard cap for 51% of their tokens.
Team is solid, their CTO Antons is the founder of scandiweb, a house of over 100 developers.
This is the guy founder Scandiweb and COO Publica - https://www.linkedin.com/in/asapriko/
RIP Authorship token
This shit is going to blow.
BUY BUY BUY!
We told them, now let's see if they listen.
Where did you hear about this ICO?
ICO calendar websites
One of the links on its subreddit says 40% presale bonus until the softcap was met.
That's all Ive seen about it though