Thought it might be interesting to get a thread going about IB, does anyone else work in IB here?I work in investment banking, AMA
What coins do you hold?
how does dick taste like?
irritable bowels!
None, I'm pretty skeptical about coins but I don't know anything about them really and feel like I already missed the boat, HBU?
4352896Lol it tastes great, thanks man
Apparently, for Canadians trying to get hired by US banks they only really hire from specific universities such as Western, McGill, UofT and Queens.
What did you do to become an Investment Banker and how can I do it?
What is the chinese nvidia?
Not sure what the field looks like coming from outside the US.
I went to a business school that is decently recruited at for IB.
The most important thing you can do is network.
When we see resumes and prospective candidates, the most important thing someone asks is "have you had a conversation with him" and secondly, "are they normal?"
It is virtually impossible to distinguish someone from the other 100s of applicants just from resumes.
Go to a decent school and major in business / finance and start networking as soon as you can.
I did an IB internship after high school that I scored via personal contact.
My boss was a millionaire in his mid 20's, lived in a huge house, beautiful wife, etc.
But he never had time to enjoy it all.
He usually slept on the couch so when he woke up in the night to answer emails, he wouldn't wake his wife.What is the point of the guaranteed money if you never have time to enjoy it?
You'll get to the end of life and realize none of it mattered, the only thing that did was the people and the experiences.
What do you do now?Also I 100% agree with you.
I don't want to work in banking forever, just amass enough capital to start investing in other streams of income like real estate etc.Hopefully I can get out of this job by the time I'm ~30 and be financial secure to never have to work shit hours like this again, actually enjoy life and have a family
So what’s the deal?
Can I get an IB job wothout being made of fucking diamond?
Let me know>education: subpar but did well, badm>charisma: lacking>connections: zero
I completely dropped the IB path, now I'm in school studying CS.
Trade shitcoins most of my free time, trying to build up enough capital to drop out, travel and build things I care about.
Most likely will be blockchain related.Props to you for being able to grind it out, I sure didn't have what it takes.