I lost over 70% of my 401k which I took out from work to chase the dream like everyone else.
In under a hour I lost 25,000 from buying BAT and STORJ like a idiot at all time highs and then got dumped on and to make matters worse the coin I had from the beginning was the coin he picked.
If anyone wants to help me get back on my feet I would appreciate any donations the feeling of losing life changing money in under a hour is sickening lost about 2 days of sleep thanks to OLE teeka.
znZhdeZMQpYSppnKGC24JkT3S5dnY3dxGiS ZEN address.
1G6YZn44y5L6mwrqXEAKdp6H553odLoeRM BTC address.
First off let me start off by saying I was a complete and utter dumbass and I have no one really to blame except myself.
If you look through my post history I made the mistake of being a noob and chasing the hype of snake oil salesman Teeka Tiwari.
Now I believe in ZEN and think it is a solid coin but I was following his instructions and waiting for ZEN to pull back 50% which it started to the day he had his emergency announcement.
Little did I know this was all planned for his team to dump on ZEN holders to make the price go down hard so that his paid subscribers could get in at a good price.
On top of this he made it seem like he was going to announce a new coin that he shilled as his top pick which ended up being RIPPLE which was just a front for his real announcement ZEN again which caused the price to pump.
Long story short I wasted half my ZEN trying to buy into BAT, STORJ, etc trying to chase the pump with no inside knowledge and Teeka and his team released the script for their boomers meeting 40 minutes before it happened little to my knowledge literally tanking my holdings 40% which I bet Teeka and his team were dumping since he knew people would be buying them up in anticipation of his announcement.
On top of this he made it sound like they would be giving away bitcoin for attending his seminar and that there would be random drawings to viewers.
He made us regular "retail" investors fools and I admit this is all my fault for being a noob and chasing the pump.
LMAOOO
Aaaaaaaah hahaha
https://pros.palmbeachgroup.com/Typical get rich fast scam, you deserve it
you're a retard you'd have been better off taking your 401k to the casino and betting on black
This is the fate you chose.
Buys shit coinsWew lad
post historyYou'll find no sympathy here ledditor
Trust me this is a wroth while learning experience that will be with you the rest of you're life so it's normal.
Storj>BATOh lyl.
What led you to some of the worst shitcoins the market can offer?I mean, the only way you could have fucked up more was to have purchased some dead or delisted coins.
trust a pajeetget pajeetdthis post ends in a 3
JUST
BAT has one of the best teams behind it.Storj, on the other hand...lol
Where is this from?