Anyone else here pumping all their income into a long term investment with Power ledger?I've been in this from beginning, got in at 20 cents...Literally emptied my accounts, were talking millions here.
I've never bought crypto before, I only got into crypto currencies because of power ledger.I'm not concerned about the price of the coins right now; because this is the only cryptocurrencie which actually has a working product and Government support + the support of the Energy industry, which I'm a part of.
WELL THATS ALL I NEEDED TO KNOW COUNT ME IN FOR BILLIONS
You need to diversify your portfolio to lower your risk.
Seriously.Put most in BTC/ETH and the rest in power.
If power drops you won't lose out with the offsets.
10% of my portfolio, but confident
lol, their beta version in q4 2018, just hype no substance, u guys didnt even looked at thir wp nor roadmap, just shilling
The product exists and works.
Consumer grade product is set for release in 2018 after germination events.
Stay poor
I'm considering some travel to go see it for myself.
this whole project reeks of bullshit
No product.
All hype.
I live in Aus, and seen this being shilled on the news.
Watch it burn and flop.
Implying price sensitive news is the only incentive to hold a coin or else it's shitYou're never going to make it.
powr will moon to $2 by eoy
Can confirm fellow ausfag is right.
It's hype.
Correction imminent.
Don't get caught unless you're in for the long term.
Your a larping faggot.
GTFO.
Ive come closer to a million than your cock sucking shill ever will.
Correction already happened kiddo, we dropped from 9k to 5k in 25 hours, the floor has been found and we're going up
4480628I swear to god “correction” is the most commonly misused investment term on this board
I've been in this from beginning>got in at 20 cents...so yesterday?
kek
I got in at 10c.
Despite knowing full well it was going to fall off as soon as the PBC announcement came through (clearly the recent POWR increase was P&D, nobody would be stupid enough to think PBC was recommending it) I still have my stack and plan on keeping it until their business growth stagnates.
.8c actually, 10c AUD.
I am, I barely make any money though, I don't want to be a wage slave anymore.
Just started in the crypto game two days ago.
I’m too stupid to understand white papers.
Redpill me on how blockchain actually works with Power Ledger?
Why is this a good investment?
% this I got in at 30 cents.
Even after the """"""crash"""""" a few hours ago i was still up $150.
Everyone always FUDs it and says that it's been and done before, pajeet, never going to produce a product, why not just use ether, nobody has solar panels anyway, batteries prohibitively expensive, etc.
But it's one of the most legit alts I've seen.Its purpose is to provide peer-to-peer energy trading, so that for example someone can sell excess power to their neighbour instead of pushing it back to the grid.
In Australia, we get only a fraction of the cost that we pay for electricity when we send it back to the grid, so this gets the seller more money and the buyer gets cheaper power.It does require a specific meter on both the buyer and seller's power (I don't know much about this).This is just what I know about a home scenario, I guess it would be different for commercial.They have a lot of partnerships, a lot of people actively trialling it, getting govt grants and a lot of media here in Aus, has some form of trial/partnership with Indian energy company.
I think it has attracted a lot of regular investors.
look i am an ignorant fuck..the idea of cheaper power etc is great but what does it have to do with the coin?
whats the fucking connection?
just a way to finance the project?
no practical use of the coin?
Jep OP, im all in with my 10k investment.
Unfortunately bought at 78 and got only 19k POWR.
But time will pass and we will make it!
I can wrap my head around the technology but I agree I don’t see what the coin does in this case.They could just develop an app and let people trade their power around in fiat like paypal or venmo or something.
please don't make financial decisions based on anything biz says.
I'm balls deep in this project as it actually has ambition - compared to something like NEO - biggest chink money grab so far ...
will there be another dump ?
Thats the point of Sparkz the actual energy trading coin read the fuCKING WHITE PAPER DUMB CUNTS.
Fiat trading = transaction fees which they plan to get rid of... oh well how do people transact it cant be for free right READ THE FUCKING WHITEPAPER
Yeah I guess I didn't cover that part.
The token is then exchanged for a currency as explained above.The project is sound.
Guaranteed to be, either now or some time later.
I guess what matters most is if you're trying to flip or plan on leaving the money in longer term.There are a lot of real investors in this so I am not expecting its base to fall out but then again what the fuck do I know.
u want power?
gib tokeni gib u power.
get tokenIt's just that simple
4481412I don't understand the whole process myself (just starting to read about powr) but I do know that selling excess power back into the grid is a thing here in the USA, so these guys just might be onto something.
This is the most obvious moon ever.
I'm not selling no matter what.
You guys will never get my mommy bucks.
Where do you guys buy from?Coinbase only has btc, eth, and ltcAlso what does moon mean
So all this coin does is get rid of transaction fees wow that sure is worth a few billion huhMoon = price will rise "to the moon" (huge increase).
Check out the coinmarketcap listing of powr and look under the Markets section to see what exchange offers it
transfer your BTC or ETH to an exchange that trades POWR.What ever floats your boat man
bittrex
So I'm looking at bittrex and it's got me a little confused.
On coinbase I specify how much cash I want to spend and get that much currency (BTC).
On bittrex it seems I have to convert my bitcoin into another currency (POWR in this case)How do I move my BTC from coinbase to bittrex to convert it?
Or am I mistaken on how this exchange works?
better of buying litecoin on coinbase and sending it to bittrex.
bitcoin fees and timescales are ridiculous.
litecoin will only be a few pence to send, bitcoin could be £9/10.
find the wallet in bittrex, hit the plus, and deposit from coinbase to the address it shows you.
My aunty knows Jemma really well and she gave mr her phone number.
Also, nothing massive is going to happen for at least a year.