What should I invest in if I'm sitting on around 50k USD?
cuck
Unironically ETH
 bitcoins and put the rest in monero
Eth link xmr btc ark 10k in eachthank me in 5 years when you're a multi millionaire
Depends on how risky you want to be.I have similar amount of capital, I have 45% in crypto, 20.3% in US stocks.
11.9% in Foreign Stocks.
3.8% in US bonds, 1% in alternatives (precious metals, wheat, etc) and 15% in cash waiting to go somewhere.
all in DOGE
Don't be that faggot that puts it all in crypto and loses half net worth.
You need to diversify your portfolio, nigga.
It's just extra money I'm sitting on before I start grad school, risk isn't a huge deal.
Ideally I'd like to just put money in stuff and forget about it, so I can get some extra money on top of my stipend.
orange juice futures
Absolutely nothing right now in the crypto space.
Too much of a gamble
You could do vanguard target fundsOr unironically this 
This + RCN
Poloniex holds the Bitcoin Plus development wallet which sits at 14,000 shares and stakes 20% yearly until 2030 or so.
They aren't de-listing Bitcoin Plus anytime soon.
Bittrex and other exchanges will follow suit and add Bitcoin Plus probably next year.
When the $$$ make sense they all follow suit.Bitcoin Plus is following the same pattern and path that Bitcoin did early on.
1-2 years from now there will be people on here posting how they wish they would have bought this at $50 each...now it's $10,000 each.
There are now 10+ Digital Currencies with a billion dollar marketcap and I would gamble that Bitcoin Plus will be another billion dollar plus marketcap coin in 2 years.
You have massive amounts of development taking place in this coin that we would have only dreamed of a year ago like SegWit, major Dev, and a 100 more things.
And the developments are just getting startedBitcoin Plus is no joke.
This one is as real as it gets.
And the knuckleheads that come on here and post Scam Coin are as dumb as it gets.
Every coin has those people.
Bitcoin has had them forever.When Hedge Funds start eating Bitcoin Plus it will be a new adventure like we've never seen before.
And they are coming.
linkdeluded
Yo OP I'll make you money money.ETHIOTALiteCoinMoneroDashCashEasy MillionsScreencap this I wanna be famous in 5 years for good fucking advice
Side note OP do not listen to faggots that sayLINKARKBTCRIPPLELISKShit is retarted
Just put it in BTC you dumb nigger, why risk it?
Best advice.
Don't put all 50k in crypto and what you do put in crypto make sure it's spread over multiple coins.
lol why orange juice?
Assuming 50K ISN'T your entire savings:60% BTC, ETH, XMR, maybe some XRP.40% any 10 shitcoins you want, like LINK, NEO, NULS, etc.
only put money in crypto that you wont need to retire, i dont want to pay taxes into social security for your idiot gambling addiction