Right now i am all in BCH.
I bought at top, at $2000 price.
I have been bagholding this for 3 weeks now but expecting a big bull run.
Am i doing good?
no fucking way it will hit $2k again but i feel your pain faggotdump it at 1.6k or something and call it a day.
or month in your case

You're losing money.You're not doing good, why ask?
$2000 price>bagholding for 3 weeks3 weeks ago was Nov 1st, BCH was at $500 then, what the fuck are you talking about?
weeks then.
bought at semi top
its an abstract kind of larp
Why not place your losses where they will make you money RIGHT NOW instead of letting them depreciate and praying your day of redemption comes?
Huge opportunity cost my mang
You're doing great!
Keep up the good work.
if reaches $2000 again i will give you 0.1 BCH OP.
>missed out on neo and powr gainsglad I cut my losses on that memebut I did buy some to dump on fomoers when it pumps again
This is why BCH won't pump that big again, so many bag holders just hoping to escape without losses from FOMOing last week.
what retard fomo for $2000 BCH.It was $400 the last 3 months.
LBRrsDbDJjuEiRaYqb7k16KqDt8hgSjRL
i think BTC is going to get gutted in the next 24hrs.
BCH is showing very strong bullish signsit's like a volcano waiting to erupt.
am i the only one waiting for it to pump/.?
No.. i am waiting for a pump too.
Damn I wish I had the balls to hold like this.I just sold and moved on.
Everyone is.
But I got burned with it before so I'm not buying.
Unless the flippening is actually happening which I don't believe.
bullish signsYou mean like panning at 40% of it's ath with out a lot of movement to test those boundaries?
Bithumb needs to fix their shit.Second time BCH starts pumping, and Bithumb goes down killing it.
Never go full FOMO
Bruh.
You'd have been better of buying into GVT if you're trying to get on something BEFORE it pumps.
lmao.
Really.
it's not about a pump
Operation Dragonslayer baby!
When BTC mining difficulty increases, so will the chance for the BCH takeover
BCC GOING TO .2 TONIGHT.
BUY NOW AND HOLD UNTIL .35 I PROMISE YOU PAJEETS
>He held all the way down to $1kJesus christ anonOperation Dragonslayer baby>He's still posting about some random whiteboard shit>He doesn't even realize that if 'Dragonslayer' is really it's about a new miner to rival Bitmain's
btc becomes rarer>bch becomes more common btc confirmed dead just like physical gold.
Rare things have no value
so you'll fomo in like a retard if the "flippening" is happening?