Zencash secure nodes are going to be released soon?
https://twitter.com/zencashofficial/status/930888704406802432This shit is fucking going to PUMP when this get released, I'm getting in now
BTW there is BIG FUCKING WHALES in this coin.
Look at that, a sell order of 70BTC at 0.5 This guy almost have the daily volume in his pockets
You can already run a secure node actually.
I don't have a discord link but I'm sure you can find it.ZEN is a $200 coin, and then beyond.
https://discord.gg/fQCFcyd
Only on testnet.
Are you sure?I thought it was lock up 43 coins with .5 ZEN payout daily?
It's not on mainnet.That's not how it works.
3.5% of the mining reward gets distributed to all secure nodes.They have a calculator.>http://zen.lebre.net/
5-14 days
I'm wondering if the whales are going to sell the news or actually going to run some nodes?It's 100% sure it will pump, but I'm wondering if I should run my 10 nodes or not
Ah ok thanks.
looks like I need to do more research.
I have enough for 1 node, and I can probably figure out the setup.
This is one of my top 5 favorite alts right now
Why did this pump from $7 to $23?
Moneydome's monthly pick back when people thought they could trust him (dumb fucks)
Two words: Teeka Tiwari.ZEN and FCT (Factom) are about to pump BIG (both Teeka Tiwari coins that are about to have huge news)
You sure about factom ?Didn't read it on PBM recently.
I got Zencash on my paper but not factom.
How do you know ?
Teeka recently rehyped FCT in his special report about Ripple, ZEN, and Factom.It's already been a featured Teeka LONG TERM pick for a while (since March, buy up to $50)Teeka Tiwari is running into a problem lately: lots of coins he recommends are pumped above his "buy up to prices"Factom is one of the exceptions.
It's under 50% of what Teeka recommends.
So lots of people are starting to capitalize on that fact, and the gap will be closed.
4382879what/when news on fct?
seems like a pnd again
When was FCT pump and dumped?
You are't thinking of FTC (Feathercoin), are you?
That is a pump and dump coin, Factom is NOT.I've been recommending Factom to people on this board for a few weeks.
It was ridiculously low because of hard fork drama, and still is.The news is mostly "assumed", because Teeka uses insider information (IMO) to time his recommendations (see: XLM)I also expect news for EOS for same reason.
Friends, BIG T hereThere has come a time where yet we have seen tremendous Bitcoin gains within a month.
We’ve seen it before: during the build-up of the release of Bitcoin Gold near the end of October .
Now, we see a similar trend in the early stages of the upcoming Segwit 2x hard fork.
As of the time of this message, Bitcoin has soared nearly 600$ within a 24 hour period.
We will see $7000 Bitcoin this month alone.Unfortunately, we’ve seen an antagonistic reaction toward some of the greatest projects that will fully blossom within the next couple of years.
Alt-coins have plummeted far beyond our expectations.
OmiseGo has broken below the $6.00 mark, and Neo has plummeted below 50% of it’s ATH ( All Time High ).
If you’ve read my November release of the Palm Beach Confidential as well as my follow up video, you will now find the opportunity to re-enter half of your position upon the 50% pull-back of ZenCash just as I anticipated.Remember, we’ve been in this industry for decades.
The knowledge that we release to our customers is to protect you from yourself and to look into the big picture.
The big picture is ZenCash.
Ok?
Now, go on-to Bittrex, and buy as much ZenCash as you can.
Remember, buy all that you can below 20$.
We have a tremendous opportunity to make a large amount of money.
Ok, Bitcoin is at an all time high?
Alright, who cares?
Who the fuck cares?
Buy ZenCash.
I told you niggas it’s going to have an update that will double, or even triple it’s value.
And you gonna doubt me?
What, you don’t believe me?
Fuck outta here nigga.
How dare you doubt me?
You think you can short ZenCash on me after I told you it’ll moon?
You think I snort coke off of the dick of thai ladyboys just to get my rocks off?
Fuck no.
All I do is read white papers so your punk ass can get money.
Why?
Becuase I AM the master shill.
I am THAT nigga.
I am the master of crypto-currency
What is the purpose of Factom ?
You're getting me interested!
Its also a BAAS system if I'm correct (ethereum,waves bladiebldadeieaf484l33t)