Hop on the train, it's your last chance to get this token 40% below ICO>Integrating crypto into KIK>millions of users>team with great experience>??
?>profit>inb4 selling bags etc.i'm not selling until 1 KIN = 0.000001000 ETH
>it's your last chanceAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAH
Sure, let me 'invest' in a useless token for a dying messaging app.They sold 7.5% of the supply for $100m and people will be dumping their bags the second it gets anywhere close to ICO levels.
Why do you faggots still buy icos?
You just get rekt.
ICO easy money time is over.
I mean it.
You people forget that KIK is already an established product in the industry, unlike 99.5% of your shitcoins.
i'm sure you guys read some "epicc crypto guide 2017" tutorial that tells you to look out for the supply of a coin.
well, KIK already has 350+ million users you fuckheads.
and this currency is used for micro payments, it would make no sense for them to limit it's supply.
Read the whitepaper.
don't assume things you don't know.
you'll be surprised how much potential this token really has.
dying messaging appi see people on forums/websites/youtube asking other people about their KIK atleast 5 times a day.
but yeah sure it's dying.as if an already established user base are just going to deinstall their app for no reason.
just because someone on the internet tells KIK doesn't have the user base growth it used to have (which is completely normal for an app...)i didn't buy @ ICO price FYI
Nice misleading picture.
By 350m+ users you mean lifetime installs.
Because in reality they only have 15m monthly active users.
And that is straight from their ICO whitepaper that I'm sure you read, right?
KIN gets way too much FUD spreading on /biz/I'm quite positive it will do well in 2018.
what are you on about?
this whole thread i've been talking about the KIK *USER BASE*Of course the monthly active users figure is going to be lower than the install user base, are you retarded?15+MM active users is still a huge amount of people getting introduced to a crypto currency system.
Maybe you should look at a picture before posting it.
It literally says "amount of monthly active Kik messenger users".
Only afterwards it suddenly changes to "registered users".