So I’m a poorfag that just bought McDonald’s with change.
After I left, I found someone’s wallet.
I looked inside and it had their Chase card and AmEx card.
I’m very conflicted.
I want to give them back their wallet with everything in it, but don’t know how.
Part of me wants to make a purchase.
I don’t want to go to jail though and I’d also feel bad.
What should I do?
go buy a hamburger with card>return it to original McD you were atIts a win win
I’m not hungry anymore, and the McDonald’s if full of kangz.
I highly doubt they’d return it to them.
anon your life is a movie and this is a pivotal moment for your characteryou will literally be jesus if you walk back in there, after buying food with change, to return a stolen walletor you can be like the kangz and potentially commit fraud over a burger
ThisReturn it man
4441004I want to return it, but I want to insure it actually gets to the person.
ID in the wallet?
name on the credit cards?otherwise, a police station, or maybe you could drop it off with a pig if you see one outside.
Yes, it has all of that.
Even car and health insurance cards.
I might just do that.
Dude - I have had my wallet returned when I dropped it on the street once.
Cannot describe how thankful I was.
Use your interweb skills and the info therein the wallet, find them - let them know.
The universe will love you for it.
(AND all your coins will moon as a result)
good luck(AND all your coins will moon as a result)buy LINK
take it to the person's home and ask for gibs when you do
If the person hasn't already canceled their shit, and you make a purchase, they'll just trace you dude.
Does the wallet have an ID in it?
If yes try to find the owner and get it back to them, they will reward you if they see you did the right thing, if they don’t they are just as poor as you
Check IDSee photoIs person white?
Locate them, return wallet, be rewarded.
If black?
Go to strip club and ball out using card
Put a McDonald's bag on your head rob the McDonald's drop the wallet on your way out the door owner of the wallet gets arrested and your not a poor fag for 1 night..
I don’t doubt it.
That’s why I want to return it even though I’m poor as fuck.
I couldn’t find their Facebook though.
Th-thanks.
I would really appreciate gibs, but they live 2 hours away according to their address.
Yeah...
I really don’t want to go to jail.
There's some kind of saying about this I can't remember.
If you return the wallet you may get a reward which is definitely worth more than the price of a burger.
And you wouldn't be a scumbag.
If that's worth anything to you, return the wallet.
There is virtue in honesty even in down times.
Call themball out with a $500 limit