I'm under 30.
My parents live with me.
I can sustain them pretty aptly and keeping them happy is very important to me.
I live very simply without being a twisted up frugal monk.My investments are:65K 401K (contribution max annually)20K Brokerage account ('funny money')32K taxed Betterment account (before I knew about backdoor IRAs)48K previous employer's employee stock account (fully vested, some still not at 'capital gains' age or whatever)I keep around 15-18K around as cash on hand if something exploded.I'm looking at purchasing two rental properties next summer (July 2018 roughly).
I estimate this will take me under 55K all in - so I'm looking to have a plan to get that together by then without compromising my march toward fat retirement accounts (my family never managed money terribly well, hence why my parents live with me).I figure I can set aside 2K every month until then, so that should be 15K by June/July realistically.
That leaves 35K - should I sell some of my employee stock?
It returns around $300 in quarterly dividends, but the growth hasn't been that hot.
I know it's a terrible idea to be so heavily leveraged in a single stock - there are reasons why I've had it this long, but it just jumped 20% in a couple months so while idiotic it hasn't bitten me yet.I also contribute 15% post-tax to my new jobs employee stock program, which allows me to buy at a 15% discount.
By my calculations (I make ~180K/yr) this should be 9K not counting the 15% bonus I'd make by selling immediately, assuming the stock stays flat.Basically, my question is - what is the wisest path to go forward to put aside $50K in 8ish months given these current investment allocations?
If anyone has any horror stories about owning rental properties to scare me out of this, I'll take that too.
get out of my 4chan with ur humblebrag normie
tenants randomly stop paying>they let the electricity/water get cut off but continue filling up toilets without flushing>takes forever to evict>property taxes go up, doubly so because you arent owner occupied>HOA increases>mandatory recreation center dues go upI have one rental, went through 4 low quality tenants, not have some lady living in there for about 5 years so far, paying rent on time and no problems.The problem tenants sucked so much.
It wasnt enough for them to just not pay rent, they had to also junk it up, break things and then call me to get a repair guy there.
Things never broke so often when I had low quality tenants, with good tenants everything magically works just fine.I charge $750/mo for a 2bdr condo.
I wont be getting anymore rentals for awhile.
DO YOUR KEGELS OP.
BUY A LITTLE BIT OF CHANCOIN AND DO REPS FOR KEGS.
HERE'S A TOWL.
GOOD JOB.
Your investment thesis should be centered around the fact that inflation is now uncontrollable and will not stop.
If Central Banks try to stop it (raising rates) they will explode the debt bubble.The day to day movements are just noise.
The signal is inflation.
Plan accordingly.
You bring up a good point...
I've been researching this for about a year and I have a few markets in mind (I live in the NYC region so definitely nothing near me).
I have identified a turnkey org I like and have been tracking for awhile, I spoke to their sales team this summer.They have a few hundred properties under management, they charge 10% and their fee is waived months you don't have a tenant.
Their leases are minimum 2 year with a 70% re-lease rate and a 98% occupancy rate in aggregate.
They pay for major repairs above like $250 I think.In other words..
I just want the cashflow and none of the bullshit.
I figure once I buy the properties, I can make a few extra principle payments and knock the mortgage out quick with minimal bullshit.
Also, tax deduction from interest.
50kNigga, I spent this much on condoms every day.
You need to step up your capital if you want to make it big in the crypto game.
My parents live with me.I think you mixed something up there lad
I don't think I did?
Sometimes people take care of their parents in the real world
buy a few rental units or even a building in a college town99% of these kids don't know their rights as tenants
what do you do for a living?
Don't do this, you'll have to put up with their boomer parents which are even 1,000x more entitled than their spoiled children
fizzbuzzBut really, I work with technology.
I've never bought more than $7 of bitcoin (which I promptly donated)4494719I have the markets and go to market strategy identified - my question is how to funnel the money.
Between stock and cash savings, I should have an 'accidental' 25K by next summer.
The other 25K is the question - sell old employee stock?
Sell part of my Betterment?
50/50?
You're in the wrong forum guy.
Head on over to /r/personalfinance if you're looking for real advice from serious adults.
Real estate is in a class of assets that is negatively correlated with traditional investments i.e.
stocks and bonds.
and it's a hedge against inflation (COLA provisions in lease contracts) you seem to rake in a sexy salary and you're relatively young so that gives you at least 25 more years of work.
buy properties in a recession not during a period of high growth.
a recession is imminent.
also look into foreclosures.
that's when you want to scoop up real estate.
you could rent or renovate and flip for a 30-35% net return.
back to the issue at hand.
stick to crypto.
the present value of growth opportunities in this market is too good to give up or to substitute for illiquid assets such as real estate.
you could also look into REITs if you want that asset class exposure in your portfolio.
At least REITs are more liquid than direct investments in real estate
I work in management accounting and help manage billions.
I have no idea what you're talking about with "accidental money" and why you would want to sell securities in a bull market.
I would rotate out your old ESPP account into VTI or another similar fund.
For risk, put 10-20% in marijuana securities as that will be the next lifeboat.
(Canopy growth or aurua) In a previous life I worked in property management.
Dealing with tenants is dirty and messy.
You're dealing with low class plebs.
If you're serious, try to get commercial RE.
CRE is hot right now and having a business as a tenant is much cleaner than dealing with plebs.
This post is there too :) I got my start on 4chan a long, long time ago - once you can read through the shit you find some smart people sometimes.I'm personally not fond of crypto from a volatility standpoint.
I know it could easily be a rocketship, but given my financial roots (I'm the only one in my family without a track record of poor financial moves) I'm staying pretty conservative.
I might buy a few BTC but not planning to treat it like a primary vehicle.
I got into AMD at $1.63 and it was recently at $15; you can find big gains with real companies if you keep your head on a swivel.I understand the appreciating market perspective but the places I'm looking at don't have inflated real estate like the northeast.
I like your point about hedging against stocks with real estate, and frankly thats the only reason I'm considering RE - I hate them as an asset because they're so bulky and the costs associated upfront are gross to me (a lot of my family lived/died by real estate - my dad wasn't one of the winners, so I'm pretty sour on it).That said, a passive revenue stream does seem to be something wise.
I can probably pocket around 20% of the total rent after paying the mortgage and taxes, so given a two year lease with two months of me paying the mortgage per term...
I think I come out ahead at the end.
"Accidental" money is the 15% ESPP I have with my new employer.
I'm buying it with every pay cycle and assuming our stock stays totally flat (it doubled this year) I'll pocket $13K before taxes.The property is managed by a large turnkey org with over 500 properties under management; they're not massive but they're a very well run shop from the friends I have who do business with them.
Most of their clients have 3+ properties (they really don't like anyone to have less than 2, they operate at scale).Rotating the ESPP out to VTI makes sense; can I do that without 'selling' and paying out my 28% tax?
Nice, i'm in Canopy and Aurora, solid gains so far
Yeah, hold the ESPP for 2 years!
Then you still have to pay the 15% long term gains tax.
If your old company was a reit, you might be able to do a section 1031 exchange.
Old co was high tech.
Most strategists I've spoken to think it's got another 30% growth in it over the next 6 months which would be ridiculously great, so I'm comfortable holding it awhile longer... but if there's no clear cut changeover then I'll just sell my old shares when the time comes (Schwab lets me determine which lot to sell, so I believe thats the right way to handle that to craft the tax implications I want?)