Thanks for the cheap Bitcoins guys :)See you at 10k!
bitcoin is only 1200 USD today :)
Are niggers ever going to learn?
no ass>no thighsdisgusting
Is that your sister
I'm excited too but Bitcoin is not 10xing just yet.
Give it some fucking time please.
4x or so is reasonable right now.
/10 ass10/10 hair9/10 legsAnd if u disagree u should get your hormones checked
9/10 legsvirgin
faggoti would fuck that ass if i had the chance
>"cheap"And get that skeleton outta here.
She definitely needs to eat more and do some squats.
Thanks for the che-- BRRREAAAAAAPPP
says the guy who can't get an erection from a 3d woman
if i had the chancetfw
Stereotypical male pig who would fuck anything that moves.
will you take 1 BTC for that female
Everything is better than squats but this is a top 3% booty and I'll tongue fuck that ass until it gets sore.
yes i want to fuck everything that is over 18 and under 40 and doesn't look like a whale.
Everything is better *with* squats, sry, can't type with 1 hand
Lmao it's a fucking man's body faggot
its objectively feminine and attractive, nothing gay about it
fell for the jewish "nigger fat bitches are the hottest" memefuck u
Look at blockchain, about 50% of the waiting transactions are for ~$0.20 worth of BTC with ~7$ of fees on top of it.
WHAT THE FUCK.
Congratulations on not getting baited.
ya u can tell by the size 12 feet
its a tranny fuckign faggot
/10 feet.
I like the spinners too.
So I agree.
These faggots here want mannies
fell for the "little boy bodies are the hottest" memePedo faggot
racemix goydo it
Is that what a typical american woman looks like?
I've never been to america.
id say about 48% of women are like this
lmfao
id say about 48% of women are like thisBlack?
over 80% of negro women are obese
negro womenyou mean the scientifically correct term>negro females
Sweet D?
cheap.
lol
A perfect white ass, thank you anon.
Sick of white girls falling for the black ass meme.
How does your sewage system cope??
She has the body of a ten year old boy.
No child bearing hips.
2/10 breeding stock would not breed with.
Idk mane I have a thing for tall girls, this might be a trap tho
the nice part about it is its a heavy saturated fat died so the poops just kind of grease themselves in the pipes and keep flowing through>t.
plumber
this is what i get for replying without reading thread first.Well, to get back on topic.that looks like a trap to me.
Very thin frail body like a very skinny 18 y/o guy.ya'll r gay now haha
Kek this guy get it
see you in a noose my friend
Kek
BTC is dying, the gains are going right into BCH
implying BTC isn't having the regular dip it's due for, and BCC isnt just another shitcoin pump.Why is BCC pumping now?
Nobody gave a shit about it when it was new.
It dumped immediately after it was new.
It had one minor pump.
The rest of the time it's been downtrending.
No one gave a shit then.
No one gives a shit now.
It's just a shitcoin
Being this delusional

normie emotions dictate price action, not facts.
Show that chart to a boomer and see if it will make him sell his precious BTC that the media has shilled him as the 21st century gold
WTF?
Is the flippening real this time or is it just another pump and dump?
It's already happened once this year, BTC is probably going to recover soon.
t. Corecuck
cheap bitcoin?
it was at 3200 literally not that long ago
lmao you must be a soyboy
i'd stick that empty paper roll in her butt
I'd rather stick another thing if catch my reference
t. incel
Sully?
Like an orange or something
Are you retarded?
Of course it's not an orange, i meant my dick
It's gonna get a lot worse before it gets any better.
As long as BCH is not stopping, BTC is going downIf you're not a troll join our group btw: discord.gg/tebwEwv
i agree with u breh
anorectic frog legs1/10
D.Va pumping is korean's largest crytocurrency pumping community.This is telegram room.
Free of charge.
This is no ordinary pumping room.
This is a room of informing all members by signaling after securing highly classified informations.
t.me/DvaPump
she's too skinny.
i only date gymnasts and farmgirls