>goes 300% on 2 daysDamn my FOMO is strong
Last moon incoming1000 sats soon
this was a p&d to begin with
>bought at 859 right now>it dips literally SECONDS LATEI CANT MAKE THIS SHIT UP
That sucks.
I guess I should have stayed in.
9000 by the end of the week.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Selling my bags from March when you shills shilled this to death.
I guess all coins that get shilled on here end up doing ok?
according to some anon
GO UP YOU MOTHERFUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
yeah the TA genius that started with 700 in October and now has 15000$$$apparently he's good at recognizing patternsreally cool dude that kept on apologizing for being partially wrong.but i guess he's notat this pace BAY will hit 1500
buy high sell low
Hold this coin for 1 year and get more benefit than trading.
agreedif the team delivers ebay will be blown out of the waters.
Do you know him?
Tell him to make a discord or something.
I want to see his predictions.
Seems like a cool dude yeah.
i don't but last night he was doing his thing over here.humble as fuck!!!!!!
Saw the guy call it late last night.
do you still think it'll hit 1500sats?
i cashed out at 820. man it would feel bad if i cashed out way before lmao
its back at 860. check bittrex
We need to summon him, he made me 33% by the time I woke up this morning.
i wish there is someway we could get a hold of him.
and just follow his asshe's legiti wouldn't even mind paying him for his sagenesss
buying highYou gotta buy low anon.
Look how I managed my position.
Low entry, quick exit just a few minutes later with most of my coins to lock in gains (and also cuz I was going to sleep so I didn't want to wake up to a loss tomorrow) and let a small portion ride during the night to get some more gains.
BAY is not showing up up binance?
I'm the one that made the call at 600sats.the op cryptoinsider from last night got cold feet and sat out.we would make a good team.
I'm at work at the mo.
can't post proof but check the thread.
Idk anything about binance.
I trade on Bittrex with the tabtrader app
yeah I took a chance and the nibba just made me a cool $400 AUD