Anyone here write/run a crypto bot?
Wanna talk about it?What's everyone's thoughts on TA?
Is it a waste of time in crypto, where markets seem to be driven by FUD and FOMO?How complex are your strategies?
What frequencies do you trade on?What language/frameworks do you use?Let's talk bots boys.
To start us off, I'm currently working on a (swing + momentum trading) bot as well as an automated TA tool.Currently using Node as it seemed well suited to heavy I/O work (and interfaces with web sockets really nicely).
We're logging every order that comes through on a few exchanges/pairs and using this data to build strategies, the trading bot will query this analysis/data server for the information it actually needs.Has anyone had a good experience with commercial bots?
All the ones I looked at seemed... lacking... or way over priced for what they do.
I use python and have coded bots for many solo projects.
I've added about $1k and right now im in the process to figure out which indicators can be the most profitable.
Up about 25% right now if anyone has any resources to learn about day trading let me know.
Any reason for python, or is that just what you're used to?
What are most traditional bots written in?I have some day trading resources but I'm fairly new to this so it's all beginner stuff, probably a bit below your level.
i'm going to take my first dive and write a bot for trading on GDAX so that I can leave a buy order for a predicted dip and have it immediately post a limit sell order at a higher price.
And also to send me alerts when a point of interest is created.
This is a great starting point, I'm about to have mine up and running.
Perfect for this BCH drama
Mostly a personal preference since i run bots for my own use also I feel like I save time coding in python.
I did confirm however there are a lot of bots trading.
Since these bots have been running from months it means they are profitable and have some patterns or indicators which are profitable.
Just need to figure that out.
Yeah fair enough, with how simple trading bots actually are I'm sure it does matter (unless dealing with super high frequency I guess).
That's a fantastic point, will have do to some research on other bots.
Reckon it's possible to determine strategies from order data alone?
What programming language or guides do I have to read for creating a trading bot on GDAX?