https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoulcJBNnKQhahahaah what the fuck is going on
context?
cant wait for the day i hear that monkey has those big dirty lips bust open
is he bailing?
Nigger either got hacked or this is the bitconnect exit scam
Why are there so many niggers in crypto?
bitconnect exit scam$628.284.748 marketcap exit scam.EXIT ALL MARKETS NOW
You mean why are there so many niggers in MLM's?
Same with mexicans.
>volatility based circuit breaker
Don't forget to use my referral link goys
 nigger> has 100x btc value that you do
BITCONEEEEEEE
"Thanks"This slimy fucking nigger I swear to god I hope he gets run over by a challenger!
Of course it would work for niggers since crypto is basically full of lying nigger shills I mean look at /biz/!
haha makes a lot of sense.
VIDEO HAS BEEN REMOVED!!
...what did he say tho?
He got hacked lol
Did someone save the video?
a vid about someone cashing out of bitconnecttttttttttt .
And a dancing crypto nigglet
WTF DID THE VIDEO SAY?!!?!
nothing it was a rap video of him saying "I just cashed out nigga" over and over again, and showed him cashing out or somethingBe funny if this dumb cryptonigger got hacked
lol holy shitplease let this be truebut in the other videos he said he was going to cash out to buy a house so I doubt it
what?
what happened?
who watched the video?
he got hacked???
how much he lost?
Pretty sure this fucker is taking his scam money and running FAR away.
This guy is gonna disappear soon, after fucking his entire fanbase.
did someone record the video?
Would be funnier if he actually cashed out and left the rest of you faggots out to hang dry.
Video showed 110 bitcoin move from his exodus wallet then played a clip of crag grant taking about losing 50 btc and showed the transaction from that
well shiti almost feel sorry for trayshawn.
he just followed his natural instincts and acted like a standard nog.
he'll be locked up with his people soon enough
Can you imagine if his bitconnect got hacked?He had low security settings
you faggotsdo I sound like a bitconeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeccccccccccccccccccccccccccccct investor in my post?
"This video has been removed by the user.
"Anybody have it?
I think he's gunna make it look like he got hacked but he really is just exit scamming
4495264Watched the video.
It was a bit confusing, as I have never used bitconnect myself.
But it was just a series of clips of him showing a balance of 0 with the lyrics "I just cashed out nigga" playing in the background.
He also stickied a "lol" in the comment section and also this...
He is US based so FBI can go after him.
Let's ruin his life biz
4495472he didn't get hacked you dumbass.
He is cashing the fuck out and taking his 1 million and running before bitconnect implodes.
the rest of you faggots>you faggots>Implying anybody on biz invested in that shit>Implying anybody on biz invested in that shit with that chimp's referral link.
>oh no!
me and my dude craig got hacked yall, fuck... sucks guys, we wont be able to pay any tax on it now, all our gains just got lost, oh well
report his gainz so these crypto youtubers can go fuck themselves
Did anyone get the video though?
I can't STAND this MOTHERFUCKING SCAMMER.
Video was this song:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlAlXF-tqkcHim showing that he allegedly cashed outThen him dancing in his living roomThen "thanks" shows up and it ends.
That's all you guys missed.
Someone obviously hacked him and tried to redpill his subscribers.
I've been having a theory lately: What if bitconnect is funding tether all along?
similar market cap, maybe i shouldnt fuck around with opening pandoras box

Lol wtf, thank you to the guys that explain what the video was
lol.
That really would be the icing on the cake.
Idk if I could ever re-invest in crypto ever again if this were the case.
Also, Trevon would for sure go to prison.
I still have the video open and buffered.
How can I rip this to my hard drive?
Well I mean he is a nigger, the video consisted of him showing transactions of withdrawing a lot of bitcoin, the rest of the video was nigger music and nigger dancing of course.Somehow niggers always find a way to dance in videos related to currency.
get obs, record the video.
I will help you with everything to set it up
if u dont want to be caught holding bags!
the time is now to CASH out!
4495784https://obsproject.com/downloadthen open it etc, its pretty straight forward you should be able to record immedatly.
dont go fullscreen as it may make youtube rebuffer and you lose the video.please save us anon
4495726See this dancing nigger again
if you got any questions on how to use obs, just reply.
You got the key to BTFO that nigger
4495784You are an angel sent from heaven, and together we shall begin the process of enlightenment and thereby initiate bitconnect Armageddon.
Let this video be the sword that cuts through the trolls throat.
this isn't Trevon though.
I believe it's another bitconnect nig.
called Craig Grant.
type this into google:cache:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoulcJBNnKQit is him, but the video wont load there, we need someone who has it saved of bufferd
So why is a nignog cashing out relevant?
Please re-upload it bro
 bitcoin cashed !!
i am sure he is working on it, keep the thread alive, we can BTFO that nigger
He is one of bitconnects most popular and successful promoters, and is therefore most likely in close contact with the company.
I'm sure he'd be the first to know if there was some sort of market-trouble.
Think he got hacked some vids showing a weird ass name on the channel in related vids of his on the web cache

I got it.
It's not very interesting though.https://my.mixtape.moe/ufmnor.flv
Report this Cheeto headed fuck to the FBI for scamming his cuck followers.
based, thanks.
Really was anticlimatic though.
But it really shows his true colorsI hope he cashed it all out though and btc goes to 100k
protip #1 send btc to cold wallet and claim it was hacked, pay no taxes and can claim exempt loss of profits .
ween!
based anon
>his base doesn't know they've been in a p&d all along
uploaded it to youtube, just to make it easier to view:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQNUdrokY1U
thanks
he has been hackedsame song used when that eth wallet site scam withdrew.
your other videos are pretty comfy brohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQvh84jp6SA
The video is down, was it a video with insider info on Niggercoin?
if you are looking for a bf... i am rich
So let me get this straight, this mixed nigger is slightly smarter than your average nigger and then conned his 'people' into buying the bitconnect scam and just exited with his cash?
I dont get this.
Its Trevons video right?
But hes showing himself cashing out and then showing the video where Craig got "hacked" for 50 btc?What did he mean by this?
got be a hacked youtube account hosting that cashout video.
Haha look at all these jealous cave monkeys being racist to a rich african princeDon't be mad because you lost the genetic lottery and no woman will ever want you.
Just kill yourself.
who knows , could be a hacker made video showing both etting hacked, or him showing how to pay zero taxes claiming he was hacked of btc.
PLEASE BE A HACKER, where was this song used before?
Anyone got the ethhack video?
its funny because his wife left him.
He is a single dad
sign me up
left him sauce?
that white whore!
Alright, I think it was a hacker now as well.
Because of the youtube video description "Thank you Trevon and Craig and all of Bitconnect".
All this hacked bitcoin shit is a diversion.
Craig and Trevon know they're fucked once bitconnect goes down, and this hackening is to make them look innocent.Btw Craig Grant has a loooooooooong history of scamming people online with his wife.
I'm almost sure they were using crypto to wash their money before they started making millions through bitconnect.
These guys here exposed Craig a couple of years ago before he go into crypto.www.davinsden.com/avalos/#!
They all leave or get cold eventually.
Getting married is for cucks anyway.
PLEASE someone tell me they saved the video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVgjbjC2xuACraig Grant responds!
you can hear it in craigs voice, that lying fuck.
claim hacked so they dont have to pay tax.
make sure to archive that too, i just downloaded it
doesn't seem too upset in that fb chat.
Kind of odd for someone who just had over 100 BTC stolen, don't you think?
holy fuck they cashed out so hard.
4496615It's right here bruv
This please fucking bump can we get a /bring nigger scammer down/ general /bnsd/ general.
Fuck these scamming Nogs.
Craig and this trayvon fag
Thanks.OH SHIT!!!LOL!!!
hopefully crypto nick gets hacked as well :D
Let's get him fucking arrested let's report him to any financial institution we can.
He's a shitface faggot who deserves nothing.
What are the chances they both got hacked one week after another?
Fucking lying niggers.
You can even see they have been trying to cash out of gemini in their recent videos and trevon said hes transfering his btc to a "super secure unshown" wallet soon.LMAO hes so gona do it too, he copies every fucking move trevon does.
4496766I agree.
Craig is especially bad if everything on that website is true.
Let's bring these scammers to justice.
It could be a mini /biz/ project.
he's such a bad actor.
holy fuck..
so they didnt get hacked but cashed out to Gemini usd to bank accounts?>
Step 1: know about the upcomming end of your bitconnect ponzi scamStep 2: Claim to be ''hacked''Step 3: Cash out everything into pedocoin MoneroStep 4: Cold store it for a long timeStep 5: Laugh when the SEC knocks on your door
Ok Autists, I need your help.
this screenshot is one of his "random" winners he sent .1 btc to on oct 25CHcQa1C2LvSDxSRwCcQjvBhbESgGvbwCV----Trevons address (-111btc visible)18BVhY8Fv7tYJwAyDuYiwMY99y2bK7Gni7>is the random giveaway a way to launder?>what is the address the 111 was sent to?
Update????
1CHcQa1C2LvSDxSRwCcQjvBhbESgGvbwCV https://blockchain.info/address/1CHcQa1C2LvSDxSRwCcQjvBhbESgGvbwCV?offset=50&filter=6 that address had 30k, wtf.
all gone on nov21.mybe he was sending him self btc.
idk
he sent the 0.1 BTC to another of his own addresseshttps://blockchain.info/address/1CHcQa1C2LvSDxSRwCcQjvBhbESgGvbwCV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQNUdrokY1U
it's posted in the thread.
if so ihope he was really hacked.
he isn't.
They cashed out into cold storage.
did you see his fb messages in Craigs video?
Now imagine you just had over 900k stolen.
How would you be reacting?
their YT followers are so naive
Look at Trevon's twitter.
He was asking Shapeshift to DM him.Probably to make sure all his BTC gets converted to Monero ASAP

 How would you be reacting?By jumping out the window
4495264https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsjl06M3ak4Check out the video starting at 00:40.
He donates .1 BTC to a person named "Black jack" who asks a question about BTC taxation and account security.Its a 2 day old video.
Can someone check the address that he sends the BTC to?
I'm going to try and find the blackjack youtube acc.
4497130post proof?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGn6fYJ7TEI&t=852s17HBtNTQRCtQ6LBxyFt8yQcnGywraQ4x1m doesnt show shit on blockchain.info
Jesus FUCK clean your fucking screen
Hoooooly fuggggg XDDDD XD XD
Kek
4497031he doesn't sound devastated.
prank/exit scam?
I wonder how many fell for this KEK
Of course it was an exit scam hes been showing hints of exiting in his recent videos already.
He wants to get out tax free by showing the act that hes been hacked.
Can someone translate that?
I can't read nog.
I was drunk one night and loaned Bitconnect $1100, I'm 29 days from gaining that $1100 back in interest.
I've moved every penny of that into my BTC wallet but I'm sweating bullets over here.
Can I afford to lose my initial investment, yes.
Would I like to, no.
Hold me closely, tiny dancer.
top kek
to be honest this shit is going to implode any day now.
Its dropping on coinmarketcap for weeks now.
Insiders are pulling out.It’s going to be ugly
If it does I'll get what I deserve.
he cashed out for ngr
Yes dude they give a horrible name to crypto.
They're purely driven by greed, they just wanna convert to fiat for shinny nigger objects.
Hope they die before we fuck them over
FUCKING JEJ
recent comments saying they appreciate his videos... either they don't know or paid accounts?
most people there are just going for the .1 btc giveaway, the others are people who have their life savings invested in it and cannot fathom bcc going down.
He's gonna have a nightmare doing his taxesinb4 nigs dont pay taxes
Impossible to cash out to fiat on any exchange without KYC.
He prob did this so he is not targeted in a robbery.
This guy is so well known now, when BitConnect falls, and it will.
People will be so pissed off at him, there will be FBi, IRS parties.
He is doing this to claim that he too was a 'victim' of BCC as well.
>There's someone in the comments pretending to be me>Hey someone hacked my twitter account and Twitter isn't doing anything to stop himNigger exit strategies are so fucking stupid.
All because he's a nignog and doesn't want to pay taxes.
The scheme could have went on for a few more years.
there are tons of other ways to do this, buying products on sites that accept bitcoin then resell to pawnshops such as goldlocal bitcoins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssnd1-btIWkAnother Youtube who claims he got $200k hacked.
Seems like these guys reveal too much about themselves online.
haha im so glad that fagget got hacked all the bitconnect fags should
Is there any chance bitconnect isn't a scam?
its not a scam, its ponzi scheme.
This is going to be so hilarious when it crumbles
https://youtu.be/ssnd1-btIWk?t=8pay attention he was going to say bitconnect, then stops and says gemini, and then says bitconnecthe wasn't hacked.
where in the video?
this tbqh senpai
start at like 8 seconds in, when he is listing all the things the hackers stole.
look at his mouth
HOly shit, thought that guy has it all figured out.
RIP
Only in BCC, not in the real ones.
4499160lmfaoso these kids are just trading millions on compromised machines?
no 2fa?
no ip/country check?they say they got hacked and then theyre streaming their screen the next day showing no fresh OS or anything
Social media, Yes.
But to get in control of the laptop...
Why would they tell this nigger if they are exit scamming?
These kids do much drama for an obvious exit scam.
The feds ain't buying it.