Seriously you are selling them for 2100 satoshi?You must be dumb, please keep selling I am transferring fiat over as of right now.
FIUUUUUUCK he pulled away the sell wall mother fuckers
I am fucking panicking.
This shit might hit ICO prices...
It makes no sense.I might honestly kill myself.
I put 35k in at the ATH.
larp
Dont worry, enough people will want to buy @ ico
This wont moon properly until summer so you will have to learn patience
I'm honestly considering.
Am I retarded?
It's dead and nobody cares about your $1000 investment.
Sell and miss the december swift fomo pump :))
2 confirmations left watch me buy that fake ass 200 k wall @2060 within 30 min
I would if I had any coin left.
Thanks for the cheap links Dumb ass market maker :)
 confirmations 30min?
kek.
dont think so :,D 0 confirmations...better send some IOTA :,Dpending...ups
Already bought , I paid a high fee :))
I might honestly kill myselfIf you're going to go down over this, at least have the decency to take Rory with you
4398175Lol he actually did it.
God speed OP.
Well played anon.My buy order was at 2312...
I was really happy when it hit and now I could of got so much more..
I don't know why linkies have such weak hands... actually nvm i know exactly why lol, last time btc pumped we lost 90% our value.. but we were at 10k sats then and sibos sell off was definitely also a part of it
4398559Your welcome brothers.
I will do this anytime until end of december 2017, so let’s hope for more cheap links.
I just sold the last 10K of my LINK.
I bought near the top like a fucking cuck and can't stand it going down daily.
I lost most of my money, but at least I have a chance to invest into a better coin.You'll all lose even more if you don't get out soon
this guy just filled his bags
Guess what?
everything is going down when btc moons, cuck.look at fucking ripple, it received some tremendous news today and yet it's almost back to yesterday's price.
Why does it feel so comfy to buy link at this price?
Just bought 10k more.
You little shit, I was just about to buy.. Now it's going up.. Nice buy you scored..
I hope link pulls through, or else we are fucked royally, you most of us, fellow Linker
4398653fuck you you dirty nigger leave some for us
LINK is better than 99% of other shitcoins out there, it literally is guaranteed to moon.
Even if it takes a year, if you hold you will enjoy a sweet 20-50x gains from current price.I personally have $10k in LINK and if it drops to $0.15 or below I'm putting another $10k into it.
It's a nobrainer really.
I'm so happy I didn't buy at 2500 sat and just cancelled buy order at 1500.
If 1000 sat doesn't hold it's free fall to the bottom.
Then I will buy 1M LINKs for pennies.
only the strong will make it