Sup faggots.
Ignore all the other Powr shills- they're just pajeets trying to make a quick pump so they can feed their kids curry for dinner and dream of owning a shirt weaved from gold, do not be upset at them and their inferior genetics.Buy Powr.
The Power Ledger is your best chance at a 25-30x moon within the next month or two.
Do not get left behind since you're about to understand why this coin will go interstellar.1) Powr is the FIRST cryptocurrency to have real world application other than an alt-currency, though it is also an alt-currency and store of value.
They have a working product which is already being implemented.2) They have a trial partnership with Origin Energy, which is Australia's largest energy provider.
Not "will have", they currently HAVE one.
This is the first cryptocurrency EVER to have an actual partnership with a billion dollar private, yet government backed corporation.3) The teams founder is the mayor of Perth, which is Western Australia's capital.
They're team is working with Richard Branson to promote their technology, but who cares right?
Because...4) ELON MUSK & TESLA.
Tesla AU will partner with Power Ledger and Origin to bring about the worlds first green energy grid.
Powr is designed to work with Tesla's home battery pack, and they will work in conjunction to solve Australia, then eventually India and the rest of the world's energy problems.Repcap: Working product, first crypto to be government and private industry backed, political and celebrity connections, have actual partnerships, will be implemented in real life in the following weeks, partnering with Musk and Tesla AU.In conclusion, if you do not buy this coin you're literally going to kill yourself in a month when it goes 25x.
When Tesla's partnership announcement is made it will be too late to get in at reasonable price.
this shit will tank so fucking hard lmao
white anglo mofos in suits cashing in on the blockchain.list your scam on the Australian stock exchange.
see how it does there.
they need to compete with real mobs like digitalX (DCC)your tokens are fuckn uselessTesla already solved South Australia's power issues.
they don't need POWRhttp://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-09-29/elon-musk-tesla-world-biggest-battery-reaches-halfway-mark/9001542who da fuk would want to trade electricity when the could trade fuckn CRYPTO
I'm going all in on POWR just because of how much of a faggot you sound like.
scam coin, next..>m-muh elon musk partnershipeven omisgoys weren't this pathetic
yup, Billy appreciates you making him richer.
Sucker.
they literally believed apple was partnered with the company because of a sticker on a skateboard.
Pretty sure omisgoys are infinitely worse