If youre not accumulating REQUEST like a manic, idk what youre doing with life desu.
Literally just shoot your self in the foot cause youre missing out on THE golden ticket you fucking jew
How much do I need to make it
we need price predictions guys
m-5m tokens
realistically .50c EOTY
Product releases before the end of the year, could 10x from here.
Agreed we've been hovering ICO price , moon mission is imminent
product release in december?
yeah you have plenty of time to accumulate this one, RCN and XLM are set to Moon faster, I suggest investing in those before you move into REQ.
you weak handed faggots are prob gonna dump early.
im selling half my stack at .50 cents and then holding the rest for long term
this will be a comfy hold throughout 2018
$1 and Im going straight to the Lambo Dealership
Only 11K REQ.
Not sure I'm gonna make it.
>people are getting hype on req and don't care about its literal backbone which will be bigger than req itselfhmm... really makes me buy 100k
The daily REQt thread.
This shitcoin will never be above Ico level
OMG is climbing, while it leaves this dog shit in the dust.LMAO
Holding through 2018.
See you guys on the other side
On which side?
Still below Ico?
with that picture as an analogy, omg will be beaten to death by another coin while req still remains.
shhhhh buddy, I still need to accumulate some more
people are getting hype on req and don't care about its literal backbone which will be bigger than req itself1) REQ will be used for making payments within the iExec system2) REQ will use iExec for running "smart audits" - i.e.
not the core business use case, but something that will come maybe late next year.If you think iExec is the literal backbone of REQ, you have misunderstood or been misinformed.
This is much more important for REQ than it is for iExec.https://blog.request.network/announcing-our-partnership-with-iexec-d7c1c7cc39a3
MOON WHEN!
?I WANT PAYPAL DEAD
I just want back to Ico - missing so much potential in other moon missions right now
75k.
Am I going to make it?
i'm not aggressive so i'll wait for this fucking thing to moon eventually
The joke relates to RE'Qs name you dummy
you'll make more than a mcdonalds cuck in a year but not by muchaccumulate more if you want serious gains, this is assuming it only goes as high as 10x
k realisticly will get you there.
Will payments be made in REQ?
What does it mean that it is built upon Eth?
You need REQ to pay the Network fees.