Why isn't bitcoin going down more...
> priced in
Chill out, nothing goes down in a straight line.
Because there are 48000 unconfirmed transactions due to flippening occurring right now AND GROWING FUCK
Buyers overpowered sellers at the hourly 200 SMA.
It will.
It's gonna be a bloodbath.
Sell walls got crushed, some big money have interest in pumping the value.
I've had ETH pending to go to Binance for like an hour...
whateveri-itll go down
Why though, just let it come down
why isn't bitcoin going down anymore
 no hentain in open tabsdisappointing
Alisher Usmanov buying it
I will give it at most 24 hours to crash back to 4k.
LOL the great transaction power of ETH.BTC works fine for people trying to send more than a few dollars anyway.
LMFAO if you honestly think its crashing at all, youre a no-coiner or a fucking newfag
It's going up too fast and the buyers are exhausted.
i think majority still doesn't know about s2x abort
I just came to post same thing
Why would they want it?
They've made huge investments and want to increase their value.
Maybe so they can get out in an orderly fashion before letting it crash?
Because S2X going away clears out a significant source of uncertainty that lowered its potential valuation.
The market will run up from here due to institutional money coming in.
TOPJEJ
Yeah first time this has happened with eth for me.
No matter how long it takes it'll always show up right?
HODL strongtheres no way btc should be valued at 7.3 rn when it was weak af and dipping to 6900 just 1-2 days ago even less reason w the cancellation of segwit x2
close some tabs, you pleb

agreed.uncertainty fades awaydemand growsprice rises
I sent over $3k of BTC a couple of hours ago, transaction fee of $16, still not included in a single block.
Fuck this shit, it's not useable at all.
This is the thing that worries me.
Normies and firms seeing forks gettting rekt and now daring to pour money in.
Bill Gates once said "...there is no stopping BitCoin"
Nobody I've spoken to actually supports forking Bitcoin but on the flipside, nobody hates free money.
To me this was extremely bullish news since it shows that the largest players in the industry care for more than just a quick buck (to an extent) and that consensus matters even if it means that the scaling debate carries over to 2018.
Normies will catch on to aborted segwit2x and will pour in fiat money
winampopinion discarded
Cancellation of segwit2x was a good thing, only coinlet shills say otherwise.
Temporary weak selling is due to people who were expecting free coins and they are not sign ificant enough to crash the price.
gee wonder what my opinion was
not having one hundred and eleven (111) tabs open at the same timeSometimes I reopen a page again in a new tab just to avoid searching through that fucking mess
I mean, I will make money too if bitcoin rises but fuck me, alts are fun in a weird and often painful way.
Are you sure it's Ethereum's fault?My transaction is pending as well, but that's because of cryptopia.
Transaction can't be found on etherscan yet
This is the dipBuy the dip
Send me the TXIDI would bet money that you had more than 3 inputs.
You pay more for the memory you take up.
If you cheap-out on consolidating inputs that is your failing.
The fee is relative to the size, if you try to send a 100kg box with one stamp, its not going to arrive.
Most transactions are small enough to confirm with 61k sats total.
Waiting for the bloodbath since 2k man when is it going to hapen
I honestly have no idea ha.
I think it's Binance.
The longer the fuse gets the more blood there's gonna be.
If tether initiates gox 2 then were looking at a bottom of 1500 rn
What's with the big green candle before it?
Just check your ethereum address in etherscan; if you can't see any incoming transaction then it's wherever you're sending from which is the problem
https://core.jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#4dSame amount as 24h ago.
cancellation news
YOU SAID IT WAS GONNA CRASH BIZWHERE IS IT
That is inside traders putting lube in retards' anus for an insanely huge dragon dildo
Its a bull trap just like the initial bull trap after the announcement.
It showed up finally!
Thanks
what is that font?
All im seeing is sell walls getting eaten
I was looking at the exchange as the UI froze up from the price shooting 150 dollars in 5 seconds.
AMA
You're right bud, the TX has 5 inputs.
Still pretty ridiculous though to me.
$20 per kB for transaction fees and it still doesn't confirm for hours...
S2X going away clears out a significant source of uncertaintyWhat is Bitcoin Cash?
You cunts are deluded if you think institutional money is going to flow into BTC with a faster, cheaper and more reliable alternative growing rapidly.
Old money is really, really, slow to adapt.
ITS FUCKINGMOONINGOONING
Because all uncertainty has been removed from the market.
We no longer fear that the CME whales will short BTC with the force on 10,000 suns on the day before the fork when the futures market opens.
We no longer fear an exodus of hash rate to B2X.We no longer fear BCH sucking valuation away from BTC due to B2X siphoning some of BTC's mining power.We no longer fear the uncertain hours of chop that would follow another major fork.
etc...
DEAD CAT BOUNCEEADCATBOUNCE
So how u think is it crash of bitcoin or his new growth?
>MFW S2X was the largest ever FUD campaign ever undertaken
LMFAO YES!!!
Oh god
Does that mean it's going to go even higher?
I see on history price never up after big high tails
Bitfinex just got another 20M Tether, yall know the drill
20M Tether - what it mean?
the twin towers did.
where do you see that

Where.
kek
My god what a fucking scam.
The higher they pump this the bigger the crash will be.
gee, i wonder where you can see tether being createdfucking brainlets honestly i want this market to crash just so these fucking morons expecting a hand holding spoon feeding to get fucking rekt
red pill me on tether
well the usual spot is down, so I figured you'd know another wayanyway, what makes people think they're not just creating tether in $20m increments following a major acquisiton of funds?
etc...on the other hand btc reached it's target like every other fucking time before pullbackand without s2x fomo risk reward ratio just went to shitter because the longer you wait the bigger the chance someone else will take his profit ahead of you
So in other words fomo buy volume; smart money left at 7.8k.
Time to sit this one out.
WTF?
New Tethers again?Are they issuing them every day now or what?Mt.
Gox 2.0 is near, I guess.
what is to stop bitcoin????
FUCKING NOTHING.
The only reason your shitcoin is doing anything right now is because it is hardforking and niggers think they're getting big gibs.
Once the fork is over it's back to the gutter with your chink commie coin that no sane person would invest in.
watch it soar to 11k fucking loser
ROFL LMAOOOOO
Yup.
Got my buy orders set in the $5500-$5800 range for the inevitable crash overnight.
its not going to crash you no-coin newfag
https://www.coindesk.com/cboe-president-bitcoin-etfs-will-follow-futures-products/
Correction, correction.
things that will NEVER happen
Yes, but then the smart money realised that 6900 held and that aren't dumping.
Hell, we didn't even put in a lower low.
$5800you fucking conservative shitlordThis is why you will stay poor whilst maesters del blackchain, such as myself, go in at $0.
Wow!Did you mine Bitcoin in 2009/2010?And you still have them?
smart money realised that 6900 heldits was not smart moneyit was yolo bitmex 100x shorters closing their positions
What do anons seriously predict will be where btc peaks?
I know 10K is the magic number.
It will crash overnight.
Just wait, it will be pink wojaks from this board going all in when it pumps like crazy in prep for the big dump
The recent mooning brought lots of normies in.
Btc worth more as a speculative investment now.
There is no pill.
It's non blockchain funbux that are arbitrarily set to a dollar.
The Hong Kong service that "issues" tether (bitfinex) has explicitly stated they are not beholden to holders for any amount of real fiat currencyThere are few ponzis in this space.
Tether is one, and right now it's holding up anywhere from 15-90% of the whole market.
I'm not saying it's all going to implode tomorrow, but when it does the whole thing is going up in a poof of "WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED"
I hope you're right.
If that's the case, I propose the whales are going to pull out half their holdings and put it back in alts, where they can get 10% gains weekly.I think when that happens, the dip will be back in the 6100 range and weak handed normies who can't handle the 7% loss will sell out.
That'll send it back down further.I pray for rain.
C O N S O L O D A T I O NONSOLODATION
There is no reason to invest your btc money into a shit coin.
It's that simple.It's going nowhere.
Remember when Coinbase added 100,000 users after the CME announced bitcoin futures?
It takes five days to get USD into Cpinbase.
They have the memory of a goldfish anon just walk away from this one.
bitbean in tabNice one anon
Bitcoin is gonna be 8k by monday screencap this
Want to accelerate your BTC transaction?
You must pay in BCHWant to buy mining hardware?
You must pay in BCHWant instant transactions that cost less than a cent?
Buy Bitcoin CashWant to know which currency already has 10% of bitcoin transactions within 3 months of inception?
Bitcoin CashI'm dead serious, get over your 'chinkcoin' complex and buy bitcoin cash before the market drops from under you.
It will happen, and soon.IDK why you retarded cunts are so emotional about crypto, BCH is literally the upgraded version of BTC.
Buy or lose, IDGAF.
Consolidation you dumbfuck, learn to spell or spellcheck
Good post, thanks.
>selling a whole week before the fork Who would do this?
Does anyone know what day PBC is coming out?
What?
The fork is over faggot
why not winamp
I keep guessing wrong.
I thought it was going to dip.
I can't believe this shit.
No one trusts chinks.
Not even chinks trust chinks.
Their reputation is sewerage for a reason.
Hence, their clone coin isn't worth dick and never will be.
Fork = upgrade>Clone = copyBitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
so is 10k still on the menu now that the fork is cancelled?
There will be three minor crash and a final devastating blow.November : eople sell to get money for black fridayDecember : people sell to get money for steam salesFebruary : people who sell after speculating on the two previous crashApril-July : people who sell to take vacations/pay taxesbtc is solely indexed on buyer/seller behavior, so it makes more sense to analyze it in regard of life impacting events rather than traditional market analysis.
Lmfao
So you think a coin with $120bn market cap will crash because people want to buy cheap indie games on steam?Top fucking kek
Pretty much guaranteed, depending on the timing of the CME futures/ETF announcements
I think taxes and vacations are more expensive than indie games senpai.
Also, you don't really get what is fear contagion right ?120bn is a very small volume compared to nowadays markets
steam destroying the market... lol no
I need some smart phd master of economics glasses weating motherfucker to explain to me if its a good idea to hold my bitcoins even though the crazy increase seems to be over and it's just averaging on 7100 to 7300.
I was told bitcoin would rise to 10000 and it would go up to 100k by next year.T.
Normie
If you don't want to profit from a slight decrease, hodl.
how slight of a decrease are we talking about?
I was expecting it to drop to $6000 overnight.
Looks like I was not entirely right.
It will not dip again.
So, time to buy.
/10 b8