I am somewhat competent and want to learn how to build professional looking websites.
Would it be possible to learn and become good enough to get payed to design websites in say 3-4 months?
-4 months?
No.
You will be competing with Indians H1B1s and people with an actual degree in web development.
You are also competing with people who have been programmign since they were a peewee.
Let's not forget those individuals who have great social skills and went to one of those scam bootcamps, but actually learned something.
yeah if youre just gunna do nice designs / simple front-end.
More about networking to find jobs, knowing people, walking into businesses etc.
people will pick locals over pajeets, web development degrees are a fucking joke.
Dont need to know shit tons of programming to make nice websites lol.
I meant *in* web development as in people with actual B.S.
Computer Science degrees.
OP's resume will get filtered out by bots because he's a degree-less bum as well.
Easily.
Learn how to build them but work on your design skills.
As  said, you'll be competing with Pajeets who code, they don't know shit about design.
They can build a good website, but never one that looks good.
Also as  said, you NEED to network.
Put your name out there and get a reputation, best way to keep jobs coming in is having people recommend you.
Yeah well basically my plan is to just find small local companies on Instagram with shitty websites and dm like 1000 of them and tell them I'll redesign their website for a price etc.
I feel like some will say what the hell and do it.
But I'd start with doing it for free for some people I know who have shitty startups and get them to give me a good review etc.
a nice tip before your web dev journey - make sure you spend time learning about building fully responsive websites (mobile, web friendly).
second you hand site over to a client there gunna check on every device and probably internet explorer
Depending on your area and potential clients.
Small businesses, independent craftsmen and artisans are propabely open to someone who's willing to do web dev for relatively cheap.
But then again, if they're on instagram, then they'll most likely have a grasp of 21st century marketing.
Maybe you should search at different places - Yellow Pages or by skimming through the streets with google earth.Pic related is a guy who does exactly the same thing you want to do.
Open Google maps.Look at local businesses.Check out their website.Guarantee half of them will be complete junk you could improve upon even as a newbie.Web design isn't hard.
The hard part is selling yourself.
Even that isn't that hard, but most web designers are lazy fucks incapable of the slightest bit of initiative.A little research and willingness to cold-call would put you above 90% of your competition.