Roadmap todayWebsite todayFinal release of the whitepaper todayYellow paper on Dec 15Main net launch early 2018Test net launch before thatLook at the TA right now right about to get out of correction.
30% pump likely today the least.
If the website/whitepaper over-delivers I expect even more
No shilling.Facts:ETH/NEO competitorLow market cap (buy before $.80 cents)You are stupid if you don't buy thisBuy the next ETH before it's $100+ dummy
Meh, the more people that don't listen means the less competitive it is to unload our bags at the peak.
more like the next confido.
you dumb niggers are buying something without a whitepaper.
all it is claiming to be is "the next neo" blah blah blah
it's not claiming that, we are.
DYOR
The first whitepaper is even good but crypto kids can't fucking see it.
Ask any engineer to rate it, there is not much wrong with it except some chinese-english slight mistakes, but it's easy to comprehend and it's communicated well into Western thought, and that's extra effort on their part, unlike Neos whitepaper which is written with Chinese thought with way more english mistakes and that made it a damn mind bending chore to read.But who fucking cares about them spelling mistakes.
They have 20+ people on board and a stellar track record in China
What the fuck is nuls and why does anyone need another ethereum type coin?
We have neo, lisk, ethereum, ethereum classic, ark and now woopdy fucking do we have nuls and you goobers cant even explain how there is a market for a "me-too" copy cat coin like this.
You nuls idiots are probably the same people that buy bitcoin red and blue and neo gold and trash like that
>smart contractstoo late>side chainsnothing new>modular architecturemeh.
Ethereum can change its architecture too, its moving from POW to POS soon.
nuls may be more efficient at that but nothing screams worthless more than "well we can change it later!
"2/10 would not buy.
4516195If you didn't see the threads a couple of weeks ago, the hype for this coin comes from the possibility that it will have Chinese government backing.
This might turn out to be bs but I'm holding some just in case.
chinese government backingThis meme needs to die.
why does it still not have the circulating supply or market cap information on cmc?
Fuck you.
Buy make money!
Oh and how easy and trivial it is to change the architecture fundamentally?
On the level we're speaking of and switching to modular, I'd say if they decide to do it today, early 2019 is when you'll see modular Ethereum.
But nobody normally does that level of change, because literally had to be designed that way from the start.Thus Nuls IS the only modular blockchain, it's their primary focusThrow in sidechains and you have a service that can, on demand start a sidechain with modules, thus abilities to your liking.You don't give a shit about SmartContracts?
Fine, do not buy/start this module.
SmartContracts is merely one of the many modules in Nuls, it's far from their primary focus or something they are going to advertise themselves with.As if Neo is something oh so fundamentally fucking newAs if only innovation and loading on first movers can make you moneyNone of you fags can even recognize, neither dare investing in innovative concepts when they are presented to you.
That's because they are riskyThe people who make real money are the retards because they'd blindly buy and are too stupid to sell when something like the DAO hack comesThen there are the 200 IQ crows that comprehend things faster than you can shit yourself during your next ATH buyAnd then there is you.
Not a retard but rarely does any real research, jumps on twitter and /biz signals and the only chance to make real money is if they buy something like Nuls and get hit by a truck next day, then spend the next 4-5 months in a hospital, preferably with absolutely broken hands, so they can't fucking have a chance to dump next time their investment underperforms for 2 days in a row.
Ignore them.
Just buy up masternodes.
Ya'll nuls niggas about to get confido'd
Got me a few masternodes.Right.
https://github.com/nuls-io/nulsNonstop code updates and reworks, does that also match the "Confido pattern"
MFW I HOLD ALL THESE SHITCOINS