Can someone get this literal schizo banned from the ChainLink slack?He posts his own reddit posts on Slack in the third person, thinks he is psychic, empathic and magical.This person is clearly mentally unstable, as is obvious from his poorly written, and frankly ridiculous posts, in which he has said that he has all of his children's Christmas money in LINK, works for "enigma" and is looking for "Sergy".He advertizes his twitter, @Sick_TA, where his absolute departure from humanity is quite obvious in his rambling metaphysical rantings about his dreams and auto-painting.His reddit account, /u/IAmGvd, brings to light his begining faith in ChainLink, to his rabid hatred of Sergey Nazarov in his strangely censored, and graphic posts about him.He says he hasn't worked in 6 years, and calls himself "eccentric".I harbor no ill will towards this man, but I am deeply afraid that his constant, frantic posting about ChainLink on multiple platforms, will, eventually, lead to something much, much worse.I would not put it outside of the realm of possibility that this man may go berserk if his unreasonable wishes are not met.I think the best course of action is foir multiple people to message LINK Slack moderators to put a stop to this potentially violent, mentally ill man.Thank you for your time.
I'll bump with some of his ramblings.
Investors handed chainlink team $32 million and they couldn't even spend 4 minutes getting listed on some major exchanges.
I don't blame people for growing impatient.
I used to be a LINK whale and I cashed out myself

That is perfectly fine to criticize, but this person is clearly, violently, mentally deranged.His is a danger to himself, and others.
Welcome to the internet
I will admit I am super autistic for collecting this stuff, but being autistic and docile, and being schizophrenic and completely deluded are two different things.
You're talking like we're in a parlement meeting.
I'm worried this guy is going to shoot Sergey
4533905Is this the extent of linkies?
Creating inner highschool level fueds with complete strangers over crazy ramblings?
4534223I don't wish anything bad on this man, I just think that maybe, investing, and constantly rambling on a token's Slack, probably isn't the best activity for someone who is clearly not fit for doing these things, and is, in the process, neglecting his children.
>when being a Linkmarine causes your life to spiral totally out of control
While this man is certainly old enough to have had schizotypal symptoms for quite some time, it may also be that the ChainLink slack has exacerbated these symptoms to the point that he must be forcibly removed from that medium.
Yeah, that Adam guy sounds like a real dick.
Leave u/IamGvd alone!