
sold 6000 ans during the rebranding for paltry 5% profit
holding altcoins, never again.
Not selling LINK for 19 BTC at $0.50.
Now I'm down to 4.
Buying highSelling lowNot buying the dipThinking the dip was the dip and it wasn't
Curious, how much link are you holding?
not trusting my self by not going all in on moon missions earlie
Not buying $10 worth of Bitcoin back in 2012 cause I thought I had to download the entire blockchain, had dial up at the time
Oh hey it's you again :)I'm the guy that told you about that ethereum guy that lost 8900 or something
Laughing at the retards on /g/ telling me about this cool new thing called "cryptocurrency" and how I should buy a couple hundred "bitcoin" for a few dollars.
k now.
150k then.
Mostly all in.
I had 1400 darkcoins.
My plan was to get 10000 of them so I could run a masternode.
Met a girl, lost interest in crypto, seemed like it was going nowhere.
Moved away from my cave and got a job.
Great choice.
To add to this, also a few years ago where I figured that bitcoin had peaked and there was no point in buying it.
ETH just came out as well, but I called it a scam and thought everyone was a shill.
I feel like killing myself every time I think about these situations.I feel even worse because I still don't own any Bitcoin or ETH because I feel like they will drop as soon as I buy them.
Not asking that girl out in high school.
Not pulling out when I was cucking your "dad"
lol seems like you are me.
same here.
my link holdings were around 18btc now down to 3 (sold some for REQ which killed me also)
Buying link.
being born on this fucking planet
5 years ago a friend was telling me about bitcoins at a party.
I said I have no money to invest and went for another beer.
He's the 6th richest person in my country and I'm still a poorfag.
/thread
Considered for a brief moment in time to mine for bitcoin around 2009-10.
Live in an area where the buildings are powered by own power plant so free electricity.
Decided not to.
Thought price of bitcoins were static and didn't think for one minute they would go up in value over time.
selling my XVG
HOLDing bitcoin core while the ursuper cash is knocking at the door
Let my gf talk me out of btc at 20usd.
She worked in the financial sector; as if I should be so impressed by her series 7, and I let her talk me out of it.
Now I’m fighting for gainz after rejoining way late.
Had to buy in on my todo list for literally 6 months and now I’m taking risk for scraps when I coulda been driven a lambo
Marrying the wrong person
not just using a card to get my ETH quicker to get ZRX during the ICO.I used my bank account to transfer a measly $300 which was gonna go all into ZRX.
But I got it after ZRX had already x40'd
biggest regret is definitely not mining bitcoin during college 2007-2011 and then forgetting about it until today
working for piece of shit employer for 1 year.
Now I have to sit in courts to get my money back.Last time I checked my wallet, I saw around 4,5 - 5 EUR left.
9 more days for last court.
Goddammit.
I sold for 0.5 BTC, at the time like stratis was less than 10 centsCould have sold if I held for over 25 BTC.
Shit I didn't include time stamp but this was mid march 2017
Ever supporting BTC
Voting Trump
Aspiring to become a bodybuilder in my late teens and taking steroids.
Had a great run of being mired wherever I went, benchpressing people as a party trick and getting told my countless people I'm "too big" for their taste which I enjoyed hearingNow I'm just a skinnyfat loser with big arms, but acne and a severe balding in mid 20s
you probably wont believe me but here it is >back in the day i just spend 24/7 on the pc since my dad only let me out of the house 4 hours at a time, or 6 hours just for school>hear about wikileaks getting btc>wanted to buy btc but my dad refused and on the same day gave me a black eye for asking for his paypal account and other things related, even though i wanted to pay him for using it.>never didnt anything to do with finances and refused to get credit card or debit card because i was afraid of my dad.we're broke now only making ends meet.
I coulda been a contender
Unironically one of my favorite scenes ever, and yes I could have been somebody, instead of a bum which is what I am
I remember eth being 12 dollars but not being smart enough to figure out how to buy it so i decided to study the stock market before getting involved with crypto.
Then eth went to 400...
>sold vtc at 80 cents>sold mona at 50 cents>knew about ripple pairing with banks in march, but didnt buy
I've posted this manh times but my biggest crypto regret is using my BTC scraps from buying LSD to buy games instead of XMR.
I had around 100$ left in BTC after buying acid last year and noticed XMR was just getting accepted as payment.
I figured if BTC was 900$ at the time, XMR could go high too, after all it was only 50 cents at the time.
If I had purchased it then I could have anywhere between 20k and 30k.