
I'm sorry you didn't invest in a real coin
I'm sorry I only put my life's savings into this...
Guess I'll just keep hodling.
I just sold my Ark.
I made a nice little profit.
Honestly though, it seems too much like another DigiByte, Waves, Sia, etc.
A lot of promise with a big increase in price.
But unless the masses start adopting it, I'm not seeing it going anywhere.
It will just be another shitcoin that people only care about when it has these nice little upward bursts.
Maybe if the marketcap goes to $1 billion or so and can stay there for longer than a few weeks, I'll consider it a real coin.
yea rebuy when it hits 1B market capclassic biz
I tried to warn them, father
Good idea, buy it next year when it's thirty dollars.
That way you can be sure it's a "real coin."
4264735If Ark has the potential everyone says it does, then buying at $1 billion marketcap should only be just the beginning.
Again, look at DigiByte.
Lost 80% of its value after /biz/ shilled it hard.
Ark is DigiByte 2.0 unless it proves to have staying power.
And if it truly has that staying power, then there should be good profit margins to make then even if rebuying later.
Ark is DigiByte 2.0 if you don't do any research and go off of nothing but the pictures you see on biz.
good profit marginvs>becoming richGuess you took your pick already
I'm sorry father, I've been a weak handed faggot and sold at loss.I hope you can forgive me someday
i'm a fcken idot sold 9k ark when it was $3.15.
Now I only have 4.5k left.
fml i wanna kill myslef
It's dipping.
Last chance to buy under 50k.
Honestly comparing Ark to DGB makes it pretty obvious that you have no idea what you're talking about.
this
Sure it does
your tears are my lube
Requesting the red-haired Arkie girl version.
i got you senpai
thank you good sir, many blessings
4265021
P R A I S E RAISE
Can I still make gains if I buy right now?I regret not buying yesterday cuz I thought it was too high but then I woke up to it being 5k sats higher
Buy now or stay poor 15$ eoy cap this
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago.The second best time is right now.
4265545>immediately after I buy
But now and ride up to $5 by the end of this week and $10 by next month.
Kek, stay poor faggot
Buy more.