I'm a psychic, ask me anything.
Mods !!!!
where is that image from
hey thats a good doujin
Should I hold on to my xvg, ark and omg
Sauce?
xvg, ark, omgNo, try get rid of them next hype bump
Is it better to hold in dogecoin, digibyte, or blackcoin?
Hold doge only if you want to not lose or gain anything.
You should've got rid of dgb and black ages ago.
Darn.
For any sort of gain, would dash or bitcoin core be helpful?
Dash is scam, avoid it.
BTC is going to be stable gain for years to come still.
Thanks for that.
Also, is BCH a scam as well?
what alts should I buy
Stay far away from BCH, it tries to be the definitive alternative to BTC, but there are much better alternatives already.
XMR, LTC and ETH, you should jump to filecoin as soon as it becomes available.
No, in the sense that the people behind it want it to succeed.
It won't, though.
Litecoin is one of the alts that will stay still relevant after lots of alts start dying out.
Will I finally muster the courage to buy some bitcoin and get in on this pump?
Yes
How good is coinomi as a long term storage option?
Don't store your coins anywhere where you would have to trust 3rdparty.
Use software wallet or paper wallet, avoid keeping large sums on exchanges as well.
For BTC, be careful as the transfer times and costs are big.
I was looking into paper wallets, but I also have a software bitcoin wallet I haven't utilized yet.I was using coinomi to get some other coins as coinpot is pretty limiting.
Do you know of any good exchanges like shapeshift?
Shapeshift as exchange is misleading.
It's conversion service with fixed rates.
For exchanges, see bittrex, binance and kraken.
With coinomi and any other web wallet, you take the risk that your information may be leaked, or the service suddenly shut downs and you lose all your coins.
But im scared
Since moonfaucets are my only source of coins, I'm stuck with coinpot for the bitcoins until I can get 50,000 satoshi (lowest I can withdrawl without fees).
And I've only got somewhere within the 6000's range so far.I'll see if I can give kraken a shot with the low amout I hold.
and also, do you think this website would be a way to increase the amount of bits I'll have?
https://satoshimines.com/help
Waste of time unless you are good at gambling and willing to bet much more than the transfer costs.
So faucets are my best bet for now?
Or would it be best to get everything to the exchange and to software wallets?
To increase your coins, buy them with your paycheck, or research for coins that be mined competivitely with CPU/GPU.
Your coins should already be either on exchange or wallet.
If you are planning to hold long term, just keep everything in wallet.
If you plan on trading keep all or part of it in exchange, depending how much risk you are willing to take.
4 asks for sauce>won't deliver
Upcoming C93 doujin from canvas.
I'm a psychic not a spoonfeeder.
Alright and thanks for all of the info.
Anything else that might be useful to know or be weary of?
spoonfeeder0 results with tineye and google image, atl least give me some credit.
thanks anyways
you should jump to filecoin as soon as it becomes available.You are supposed to use the iqdb function.
Use gelboro/ iqdb, first result was that pic
you also said AMA you fucking faggot
I know filecoin, but anything else besides that like maybe a crash or something like that.
Maybe some kind of sign of something?
Be wary of ETH, but as long as you don't hold other shitcoins for long you should be ok.
Ok, thanks.
what will bitcoin's peak price be?
thanks,maybe some insight on where btc is going and if you see a dip soon (lets say at 5400 usd or less 3600 usd for example)
Outlook for obsidian
$130,000
wtf :o
(for this year)
Next dip will be somewhere middle of next year when BTC is hovering around $10k USD, and will drop to somewhere around $5k USD
BTG
hm i don't think so
well are you psychic?if not stfu
Should I jerk off to loli stuff or trap stuff?
Yes
Will Monero finally pump anytime soon?
Monero will be $1000 mid next year.
When will it reach that price?
Mid 2020
When will SDH moon?
Never
what are the top 10 crypto's by marketcap in 2019?
I have two questionsWorth of IOTA by end of this year?Worth of POWR by summer 2018?
What’s my fetish?
BTCETHBCHXMRXRPLTCETCIOTANEODASHIOTA$1.4>POWR$0.4Kneesocks and butts in tight clothing.
Are traps gay?
No
OP confirmed full of shit.
I'll bite though, for atleast two years wht coin will be a stable value store?
DOGE, XMR and LTC
https://exhentai.org/g/1106705/dbdbbc867b/Here is sauce.Please gibb chancoins
Kneesocks and butts in tight clothingYou’re not psychic.
Please delete this thread.
Thank you.
What price FCT will reach by the mid next year?
What is ETH's price in mid 2020?