Can we talk about the real moon mission?
woooooooi know there's a few bizraelis that are staking bitbean, they must be loving life right about now
I know I am!
Can someone explain to me what this coin brings to the table?
brings moon mission then get rekt later.
A moon mission twice a month followed by a dump in which you accumulate for next moon mission
It has extremely fast transaction speeds.
Plus the block sizes are 20mb.
Which basically fixes any scaling problem down the line.Also, the currency is POS and pretty profitable at that.
At the current rate, 4% per month.
SHHHHHHHH Stop telling everybody they are not worthy of the bean or the fact that if you look at chart this coin consistently moons ever 2 weeks or so.
Does feel good to sell off all those free beans though at 55 sat after buying at 36
A retarded fucking bean
Fast and cheap transactions.
Big blocks.
Look, I get that BitBean sounds dumb, but there's nothing wrong with the technology (which given the BTC/BCH drama is looking better and better).
Add to that fact that there are some actual, real world businesses that accept BitBean (not many, but more than 99.9% of alts) and the fact that the market cap is below $10 million and we're one rebranding away from significant gains.
And, lastly, I'll add that the coin is pretty stable.
I've owned for a while and while it does drop with the market it never crashes and burns.
And that makes it a pretty safe bet.
Not a sure bet, but a bet with limited downside.
4359031435922643597294361068Nobody wants your big supply shit.
Nobody wants your bags.
BitBean is irrelevant.
Move on.
Join Chancoin.
I'm not a bag holder.
I've been up from the time I bought in.
damn, nice moon missio beaners.
why didn't I buy this months ago, REEEEit still looks undervalued after todays rise desu lol but I am too busy with the bitcoin civil war right now
there's nothing wrong with the technologyIt's a dead end project tho.
Absolutely nothing has changed since the new "team" aka Kent and that retarded geriatric Oliver took over.
Many promises (PoS, rebrading, new wallet) that were never kept.
Fuck Bitbean.