Since the fork canceled, bitcoin is about to continue dumping gradually while alts correct.bitcoin is still hanging stability above 7k, but since there's no reason it'll get to a new ath soon, as time goes people gradually gets that, and start to switch to alt.
bitcoin won't stay long above 7k, and the next days gonna continue to be very good for altholders.it won't be a crash for btc, dump would be slow but for a matter of days.
who cares?
fuck bitcoin... it's soon going to be normiecoin.
CME will regulate it and prevent any wild price changes.
GET KEKED bitcoiners
I don't think you understand regulation if you think it prevents price swings.
pump shitcoinshttps://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
they literally say they will prevent price swings.>https://www.coindesk.com/cme-groups-leo-melamed-well-tame-bitcoin/it's over.
time to find a replacement.
bitcoin is only at the start, and getting exposed around the globe every day a little more.
it has a lot of potential, and nothing can stop it on long term to get to 10k, 20k, 50k, and 100k.
they can say whatever they want.
you're being emotionally attached to this investment.
everyone knows once the news is out and the normies are flooding the gates, that's when you dump it and get out of the market.
they will try to turn bitcoin into another shitty investment funds for normies.
if they fail to do it, they will create their own and prohibit bitcoin, arresting those involved.
the wisest thing to do now, is to look for the next big thing that is not bitcoin.
the wisest thing to do now, is to look for the next big thing that is not bitcoin.IOTA
new kidz on the blockchain, coming in claiming to be able to tame honeybadgergl with that
bitcoin is just "another" investment (that's the whole point).
anyways most governments don't refuse bitcoin, and they will generate profit from it in the future as well.
when a better coin would take over will see and act accordingly.
i mean - is not*
and bitcoin hasn't yet gone wild, but that would come as well.