Be honest, if you had bought Bitcoin back in 2011, would you have had the patience to hold or the strength to make it through the MtGox dump?Nothing has changed.
There are top 100 coins right now that will be massive in 2022.
Obvious coins too, not like hidden gems.
And additionally, you don't actually have to have the courage of a first adopter like you had to with Bitcoin.
Crypto has proven itself, so no faith is necessary.
Will you have the patience?
See you in 2022
depends.
if I was into trading I wouldn't care.
you can make money going up and going down.
it's normal for markets to be in trends for years so it wouldn't be that weird.
would you have had the patience to hold or the strength to make it through the MtGox dumpI was there.
And I didn't sell!....because my coins were stuck at MtGox :(
sorry anon, I heard that have enough to pay everyone back from one of their cold storage vaults, but they obviously stole that shit and didn't get hacked, so doubt we will ever see that money back.
sold off 900 btc over the course of 3 months between 700 and 900 dollars.
Pissed it all away on drugs and hookers.
:(
if i had bought it in 2011 i probably would've only put 100 in it and just completely forgotten about it until april when it started getting exposure on the news
The "found" 200K bitcoins out of the 800K they owe to their customers.There is a bankruptcy proceeding so it is certain we will see some of it, but the issue is that the reference price for bitcoin in the bankruptcy proceeding is around 400$.If they pay in Yen we're screwed, and Kerpeles get to keep the rest.That would be such a scandal that I believe they will find out a way to repay us in Bitcoin
Buy monero
i did buy a bunch in 2012 holding ever since because i don't remember my pass phrase
What do you guys think of POWR in a year from now?
Not talking about MOONING this week, talking about buying $400 worth and not looking for another year.
I stopped paying attention to new erc20 tokens months ago.
I don't even need to do any research to know that it's an erc20 token.
I hope they repay us in bitcoin, I would have 52BTC instead I have .5 BTC because that broke me so hard I just gave up for a few years and just came back 2 months back, started again with the same $400 I did last time and I'm already over $1,600, but I can't shake the old ghost of the lost BTC.
I'm banking on NEO right now and I'm hoping this is going to be the vindication for losing it all.
We won't be seeing you in 2022.
which coins anon?
I have $10k that I'm going to invest into crypto.
Also any exchange suggestions for a Canadian?
MtGox scared me away from crypto until 2016.
I had 20 BTC that I bought for $5 each, and I cashed out at $250 thinking that was a good profit.I lacked faith which turned out to be a mistake.
I had a hundred bucks worth of BTC back in 2012 and my harddrive crashed...To be honest though I probably would have sold it once it went +50%.
I can't tell you that.
In fact, no one can tell you that.
But look at the top 10 coins in this past year.
They all went up by over 10x.
Some went up 50x.
Stick to the Top 100, Top 50 if you can.
OMG, ARK, maybe VTC, maybe WTC, Komodo, XVG.
People meme LINK but LINK can also get big, over 20x by end of 2018, who knows how much more in 2022.
Monero is also a good, solid bet.
With $10k, I would put 50% squarely in ETH, 25% in BTC and the rest I would split between max 3 Top 50 altcoins, probably ARK, XMR and VTC.
Can you imagine there are probably abandoned hard drives with wallets that bought BTC at $20?
Millions of dollars just sitting there on a literal platter
I'd wager a bet that there are billions of $ in unclaimed Bitcoins floating in the blockchain.
That might prove to be an issue when we see massive adoption 2-7 years from now.
You don't think BTC will hit the 200k or 500k that some big names are predicting?
No, not that high, at least not in the next 5 years.
$100k by 2022 if EVERYTHING goes right.
But look at the drama, look at the volatility.
25% is a good sum to put in BTC and ensure you don't get left behind IF it goes to $100k.
But that's still only 20x in 5 years.
I assure you that ETH will go 100x or more in those same 5 years.
no .
u are delusional.
and on a side note i bought bitcoin beginning of 2011 and sold it all in the big run up to 30 dollar.
knew them from a Poker forum.in 2013 when bitcoin suddenly were worth 100 and then 1000 Dollars it crushed me.
a good friend though started mining beginning of 2011 and kept most of them.
He quit his job a long time ago.
NEO Hits $100+ this year ETH hits $500+ this year, BTC breaks 10k by EOY, BCH $2
Any exchange suggestions?
I've been suggested QuadrigaCX and Coinsquare.
I dabbled in crypto in the early days, mined 50k dogecoin because I didn't think BTC was going anywhere...wish I would have mined BTC instead.
Haven't touched the stuff until this week I want to get back in.
Binance but you have to start at Coinmama or Coinbase to get your initial deposit and move into Binance then to a Cold Storage / Desktop wallet.
Lot harder to spend / have weak hands when your money is in a wallet.
lol anon, that's nearly $1,000,000.
On drugs and hookers.
This has to be a LARP.
Did you not save your seed?
wtf
it's quite believable actually.
money goes quick if ure reckless
If you care about privacy, find a BTC ATM.
That way you don't have to submit your passport and ID just to buy Bitcoin.
Transfer the % of your Bitcoin you're holding to a hardware wallet immediately.
It can also be a paper wallet, but since you're investing $10k, I suggest you take $60 out of that and buy a proper hardware wallet like Trezor.
Binance or HitBTC are good options if, again, you don't want to give out a lot of personal details.
Then just buy the alts you want and store them on your hardware wallet too.
Never store a lot of coins on a regular Hard Drive.
Those die too often and too easily.
FWIW early anons, most people who got in early did exactly like you.
Either sold a long time ago or lost them.
I also got in somewhat early (mid 2013) and have never taken any money out of crypto, but had little money at the time so, I'm still here trying to make it.Anyway, you can tell how new some of these newfags are by this delusional idea they have that if they'd been clever enough to get in earlier than three weeks ago, they'd be trillionaires by now.
As if lol.
Exactly.
Imagine the strength of hands needed to not sell during the whole MtGox thing.
Or to not lose your bitcoin in the MtGox fall.
Or, even more mundane, to not lose your Bitcoin on your computer.
I've had 2 HDD's die on me since 2011, with everything lost.
I've moved once, furniture rearrangements, PC upgrades, OS changes.
I'm sure I would have lost or sold if I held since 2011.
Damn, what's with people's hard drives failing all the time?
I've had mine since 2011 and it's still going strong.
Of course, I also back up all my shit and print paper wallets, just in case.
It happens.
I'm not particularly gentle towards my PCs so I'm sure that's even more of a risk factor.
I wonder if there are businesses out there that scavenge old hard drives with the specific goal of finding Bitcoin.
Here we Go boys, ready to be rich?
We will all donate .01 NEO to the Link bag holders to help them recover from their losseshttps://bittox.com/2017/11/17/china-unban-icos-making-way-neo/
>ctrl-f "fun">no resultsjust wow.
kek
Yep.
Clueless newfags forget that until recently there was no /biz/ (at least not the crypto version of the board).
No telegram channels, slacks or discords.
A lot less hype.
There was bitcointalk, trollbox spammers, fontas/chikun memes, fewer wallets and technical resources, a handful of sketchy exchanges, constant Bitcoin obituaries and the prospect of a very uncertain future.Soft newfags of today would have never made it.
>people are still delusional people thinking any altcoin has a futureHigh hopes but sorry, Bitcoin is the only crypto that will be around.
I have $2m in btc + whatever the altcoin cash (haven't bothered dumping it yet)I've sold very small amounts over the years but learned my lesson: selling is generally a bad ideaThis board is a mess these days with all the altcoin shills and scammers, Bitcoin Reddit had always been cancer and bitcointalk is pajeets and other third world scum spreading fud.I'll sell a very small amount over time, the IRS kikes aren't getting a dime out of me
Yes
4435595% in ETHYou've got a lot more faith in ETH than I do.
Its been bleeding for months in comparison to BTC, why the optimism?
and on a side note i bought bitcoin beginning of 2011 and sold it all in the big run up to 30 dollar.Why should anyone listen to you?
will be 28can't wait that long