You guys think that your going to make gambling your money away on the virtual version of the lottery ticket.
I'm not saying don't risk it.
You should keep up on the markets.
But you should stop gambling and instead start your war campaign.
Start your business and keep battling and crawling until you get there.
Because that's what it is.
It's a campaign.
A long drawn out process.
So work smart, work hard, and don't ever stop.
You will most likely continuously fail.
You just got to keep going.
Perseverance is key.
There is now easy path.
In fact you can't put a real difficulty on making it.
Just do it.
I know when I read stuff like this I got butthurt.
I thought to myself "I don't need to do that" or something else.
It's not about how hard you get hit.
It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving.
So get off your filthy ass and start planning.
Read about it.
Learn everything.
And just Fucking DO IT.
JUST FUCKING GET IT.
DON'T LET THIS SLIDE

What’s cool is that biz and crypto opened career paths for me.
It’s really great the connections I have made to the point where even if I don’t get a lambo (which I’m not gonna stop going for) I still gained something
Why you don't you go fuck yourself.You do know that blockchain isn't simply BTC.
Also BTC will be worth a lot when the dust settles simply because it is far superior to fiat and the entire world especially in third world shitholes know this to be true.
Blockchain tech is garbage.
You really think putting your fate at the hands of a few companies and whale investors whose interest is only profit is better than putting your fate in fiat, where a country's whole economy is tied to?
buy powr
create a company that will help build blockchains for banks>they create their own cryptocurrency as a token with a 1:1 value with USD backed with the bank's assets>offer it as a quick payment method for customers>???????????
?///>profit
Blockchain tech is garbageI would understand if you FUD BTC because it's kind of shit .
But blockchain?
You're a fucking idiot.'Internet.
What's that?
It's garbage.
It takes like minutes to load up a page.
Magazines do that instantly.'
>implying I'm not gonna make itHow dare you, sir.
why are you posting this in every thread?
LGD is a shitcoin and you know it.