Sup Biz, anyone else in my situation?I come from a pretty good family.
I'm tall and good looking, went to great schools and eventually a top 30 US university, and lived a pretty normal upper-middle class suburban lifestyle until my early twenties.I moved to a major U.S. city after college and worked for 5 years in my field until I discovered crypto 8 months ago.
I came to 4chan not to identify with you faggots but to laugh at you guys and make me feel better about my ultra first world problems, but I stumbled upon Biz and it launched me into the world of shit coin trading.I had about 40k in savings and asked my parents for another 60k which they wired me the next day.
I have since made 1.9MM dollars and have cashed out about 300k.I quit my job (didn't really ever need to work, my parents have been investing in real estate for 40 years so I'm going to inherit about 25MM in properties) and just live off crypto trading now.
My parents are just happy they don't need to send me supplemental money anymore.I've never had so much disposable income.
I bought a bunch of burberry clothing last night, and have in general been spending money on bullshit like hookers, fine dining, clothes, and watches.There have to be others like me here on Biz.
No way all of you are pink wojack posting idiots with $200 blockfolios.
What are you guys doing with your gains?
prove it larp king.
balance with time stamp or you're daydreaming in your moms basement
A. Lange & Sohne watches if you want bitches to cum themselves over your material gains
I can tell you're a poor fag by the way you write, so I don't need to prove anything to you
I'm tall and good looking,no you're not
life on easy mode
200$ blockfolioMore like 70$ bro
projection is an ugly quality that often escapes self-awarenessEveryone has trials and hardships.I know the brand, they are beautiful.
Everyone has trials and hardships.move to a third world shithole with no money.
you don't know what hardship means
 and asked my parents for another 60k which they wired me the next dayyeah, sounds like real hardship
I had to compete with high intellect chinks and cutthroat kikes with jew gold to get into college.
Third world people with no money don't know what that's like, either.
How do you compete against those who are genetically superior to you when it comes to intelligence?
I'm an artificial intelligence grad student at one of the better ivies that is honestly broke as fuck so my blockfolio is 6k and that's basically all the disposable income I make in a yearAfter I graduate though I'll be rolling in it (maybe not 25MM inheritance level) because the demand for machine learning experts is absolutely ridiculous, some tech startups are currently hiring PhDs for half a million + in first year compensation since there are literally 1/10 as many experts as there are job openings for them
projection is an ugly quality that often escapes self-awarenessI think you should take your own medicine mate.
White people are almost always better looking than asians and big nosed dirty jews.
That's a genetic advantage.
I have a similar situation, I'm 23 and my parents were the average run of the mill upper middle class white family so I lived a normal suburban life.
I'm 5 ft. 3 and never kissed a girl, I did get a side hug from a friend once in middle school and I've never forgotten.
I live in a spare room in my parents house because I flunked out of a state school sophomore year.
I have 300 dollars in crypto, all in link, and I've shrunk away from any confrontation or test of character my entire life.
In a year or so I'll either be hanging from a ceiling or a millionaire
That... isn't really a similar situation.
but good luck.
Literally me, took out a second payday loan and put it into LINK too, hope it pays off for both of us.
all in linkThanks for the larpSort of similar.
I'm at a million from a smaller initial investment made a bit earlier on than you.
Also I never got any money from my parents (you're a faggot).
My parents aren't as rich as yours but still well off.
I identify with 4channers, not all of them, maybe not even most of them but there are more people here that I identify with than anywhere else.
If you came to /biz/ pre 2017 you might have felt the same.
This crypto boom has attracted a lot of retards which has in turn driven away a lot of non-retards.Also I dropped out of college to do more casual work to put money in crypto.