Sup faggots, I'm starting a crypto advice twitter account.
I've been burned by too many of these loser "gurus" like attliafx (muh first blood, muh EJoost scamcoin).I've made A LOT in crypto in 7 months, like, "I don't have to work for a couple decades if I play my cards right" a lot.
I'm giving out free advice and tips since all I do now a days is trade crypto and meme on 4chan and reddit and play with my cat.Not asking for money, not trying to start some pajeet PBC 90's style boiler room scam group like Pajeeka or some asinine slack channel like Attilafx that overcharge for garbage information.Follow me as I build up my twitter and make moves with me.Top picks for the next 4 months (ICOs not included are: ETP, POWR, NEO, XRP, AE.
Explosive growth potential due to solid fundamentals and real partnerships.
These alts will become (more) mainstream and are all safe bets.twitter.com/lambolydia>pic related because I am the light in the darkness
No one cares about you, your worthless life or your equally pathetic advice.
Rich people dont bother with telling the masses their secrets so what does that make you?
A special retard.
thank you
You're not rich, so how would you know what rich people do or don't do?Go microwave another hot pocket and get the fuck out of my thread you fat faggot.
I prefer XLM to Ripple, to each his own.I dig your attitude bitch.
I also think it's cool you want to help some n00bs.
Lots more every day.How you missing SUB - the Bittrex list and burn alone will pump 300%..
sounds like..... you're trying to start a not-so-subtle shill campaign of whatever coin you buy first to then dump your bags on your "followers".
SURE SIGN ME UP!
g-go awayWhat's the little faggot neck beard like you going to do?
This aint r*ddit buddy.
Get lost or keep sucking on my nuts like the good little puppet bitch you are
i hold 3 of the of the coins you mention.
I only wait on a POWR pullback when the hype goes away a bit and buy in
LOLDo you really think /biz/ has enough capital to move those markets?
LOL you're fucking hopeless
twitter.com/lambolydiaI'll follow you.
But why isn't ELLA one of your picks?
I believe it has a lot of good community support right now and is only going to gain more popularity over time.
It just launched, only .25 cents now, and trading on only one silly exchange.
It's an easy $10 coin (40x) in a few months, and $100 (400x) in longer term holding.
Nope, my coins are long term gainers.
I want the 20, 30, 40x coins because that's how you make money.If you try to day trade or ride pumps and dumps, you'll lose, almost 100% of the time.
You could stress out in front of a computer monitoring exchanges all day, or you can reap in the 5x gains every couple of weeks.
Be smart and realize there are other smart investors out there, not everyone is pajeet trying to scam you.good one, now kysPowr may not pull back, too much news and development being announced this week and next.
Hop on or you might miss the first phase of mooning.Like I said, some coins you can PERHAPS time waves, but you'll still likely get burned trying to time the market.
But a coin like Power Ledger?
Don't try to time it, you will lose.Never said I had enough capital to move markets, I'm just offering advice and tips.
Fucking learn to read you autistic aspergery dipshit.
ELLAI'll look into it.