It will make Ethereum handle more than 10 000 tx/s and will make these transactions PRIVATE and it allows atomic swap (which means there will be DEX built on top of it.All of that is done by one of the Ethereum core dev.But the best is it's released in December!This shit is bound to reach 500 millions marketcap in few weeks.
i'm busy buying the drp dip
i feel like this and zrx is all i should be dumping my cash into what do u think?
way under valued yet and only 50m supply.
I'm in
What does the token do?
nothing, it's probably some pajeet in India creating ERC20 with Raiden name and claiming it to be related to ethereum raiden network (It's not), then they shill it here on /biz/ because this place has the dumbest community
It is the actual Raiden (Vitalik was very against them doing an ICO) but honestly don’t think the token does anything.
Rule of thumb: Only buy altcoins if the team shows you who they are and are open about it
yeah got too excited, but after some research I sold my tokens
Unless you give a shit about governance, the token is fucking useless.
Raiden is free to use.
Why do you keep making this thread?
Was in then read about it on the site.
The token actually is useless.
Once i realized that I got the fuck out
It basically allows Ethereum to scale, send private transactions and atomic swap.It will become the main channel of payment of the ecosystem very soon.Are you fucking retarded, the project is led Heiko Hees.Fuck I hate newfags like you who play expert but never read shit about cryptos, Raiden is talked about like since 2 years.WrongThe token is not mandatory but it will be used by the vast majority of the people becaue it guarantees the securities of transaction (ie: that's how nodes monitoring transactions will be paid), the token will be used to for their DEX too by the way.In short: RDN = how fees are paid.
You think it's useless because you are a brainlet just repeating what other said instead of actually putting effort to understand how it works.