Tell me Anon, what do you see.. A Bullish chart or a Bearish Chart.1 hour candles for your information.
Price is irrelevant.I shall reveal the result some replies are given.
i dont know... bullish?
Bullish
Looks bearish to me, but I'd really need to have seen what kind of buying resistance was at that last red candle
It's bordering on bearish, but bullish.
straight bearish wtf
Bullish
Bullish.
It's hard to tell because you delibrately picked out a chart with a double bottom where the reversal is literally only just starting.
beginnings of a bull trap
What coin dis
Borderline.
If it drops even slightly more and goes below that previous point of resistance I'd say 100% bearish.
Hit support - bullish
bullish
How can anyone know without the coin?
Tell me the name so I can research news, price movement and valuation.And no I don't believe in meme lines and nostradamus chart readings.I believe in price valuation as some sort of price prediction.
Much like Teeka do it.
Not enough information to tell
Its bearish,Peopel are taking profits after each peakCoin is relatively low price so it's most likely an alt coin that got some news.
People are in a scuffle to get in on it but dumpers will always dump
Bearish, but maybe 2 candles of dead cat bounce before that parabolic downtrend continues.
Right shoulder predicted for head and shoulder pattern
Shit's down on low volume bro, we're going up.
The inverted Schmoopy sticks tell you that.
Double peak gonna drop like a stone.
VERY BULLISHAll the candles got pins, VERY VERY BULLISH SIGN I CAN BUY MANY OF THESE COINS WHICH IS IT PLEASE VERY BULLISH OKE THANK YOU WH NYOU SAY IT IS VERY BULLISH EVERYONE RICH NOW
real answer: noone has any fucking idea what they're talking about at all and it's solely up to the whales and chinks pumping this to stop.
all i see is fools about to loose a lot of money
its bullish,Simple.If price moves left to right, up, its bullish, if it moves top left down to bottom right its bearish.
It's going up.
yeah i would avoid buying into this coin, if I was holding any then I would take profits or set a stop loss and observe
correction wave B incoming
Bearish as the last candle clearly made a lower low.
Basically a change in the trend