>remove all shitcoin from wallets>use to buy physical gold and silver, not that shit you can see on a screen>oh and guns, buys alot of gunsNobody wants your shitty digital coin when the nukes go off and we are living in a nuclear winter.
Good luck faggots, you know its coming.
no one will want your gold either
this guy againYou want the world to end so fucking bad.
In the event you describe, guns are not currency.
They’re tools for obvious purposes.
And more than likely no one wants gold either.
They want food and food trades.
Energy resources.
Clean water.
What a fag, we will see about that wont we.
What do you think will be used as currency once shit settle.
Gold is the only safe thing.
If WWlll ever happens, you can bet if you have gold it will be safe, your shitcoin fucking wont be faggot, it will crash to 0 before fucking nuke hits the ground
dont worry i can always sell my butthole and mouth.
use to buy physical gold and silver>Nobody wants your shitty digital coin when the nukes go off and we are living in a nuclear winter.
Good luck faggots, you know its coming.Whats it like living with such an irrational mindset?
Who the fuck is going to want gold and silver after a nuclear winter?
Buy pure grain alcohol like everclear, buy filtering equipment, buy spoil resistant food, buy more generic drugs and fabric than you know what to do with.Your shitpost makes no sense.
You think cucks like yourself wont want to protect yourself from niggas stealing your food and raping your wife.You can come see me and I'm sure I'll be having that ass of yours when your begging for ammo and a weapon
Uh huh.
And what will I pay you in?
I told you, you'll have to pay with your ass son because you used everything you had on shitcoin.
Keep that fucker tight for me please
Yes, the world is going to end, probably within 50-100 years; but it will be a slow degradation bled out by perpetual war, fiat collapse, overpopulation, ecological collapse, lack of resources, et al.
It's not going to be a flick of the switch like you are imagining.
Invest in blockchain now and short the collapse when fiat goes under.
For some, blockchain is the only chance to acquire capital resources before the it comes down.
Granted, the average biz-tard is thinking about lambos.
I'm thinking about land and concertina wire.
Dude u weird af .
I chuckled desu.
Stay fookin poor
In the same way that no one will want peoples shares.
The stock market is just as "fake" as our shitcoins.
My dream is to follow in Bunker-anons footsteps if I make enough money.
posts a thread>won’t defend it and goes full /b/tardWhy even post
This guy is this the only smart one here.
it will be a slow degradation bled out Just like shitcoin soon.
The money is gone, thats all shitcoin was good for, trading.
It will never be mainstream like faggot on biz keep wanting to please.The rags to riches on this shitcoin is gone, if you didnt get on bitcoin at the start then you missed out ( i was fucking one of those people, to young and stupid to give a fuck god dam it).
link?
or just give me the basic gestalt?
Should be a thread up in /diy/.
He won a bunch of money with lotto and bought some bunkers from the government and is renovating them nicely.
I just want a car :(
thanks anon.
Is the thread still alive or do I need to dig through the archive?
Worst investment ever.
Fuck off outta here nigga
Same man, times are tough.
physical gold and silver wont have a use in a mad max world, only good monetary use is for backing government issued currency, blockchain is making that need obsolete though.
found it, fucking cool thread.
fuck a lambo I want my own bunker now.
Items with true value in a post-apocalyptic world will be things like BIC lighters and toilet paper.I'm an original /kommando/ and you can believe I'm stocked on both.
>http://www.shtfplan.com/emergency-preparedness/a-survival-q-a-living-through-shtf-in-the-middle-of-a-war-zone_10252011
What a stupid fuck.
You think a government will ever rely on shitcoin alone to back their cash, fuck off.
What a coin that could one day be hacked, nope.
Gold is where its at nigga