any moroccan fags around?
yea?
well btc is banned in morocco and you could be jailed for using btc.
tnaket a zbi lolpic is our "king"
that sucks bruh
Your king is a massive faggot
Just take the boat to France.
Get on gibs, live on half your gibs back in Morocco, invest the rest in Bitcoin from your french bank account.
moroccanfag here just found out abt this from a friend tfou 3la khraaaaaa
kdab tboun mok
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_bitcoin_by_country_or_territory#Northern_Africasir t7awa ya zaml, zaml li 7ettek bayna f dinmok dzairi m9wda 3lih.
ikr fuck..
kys OP, there isnt much to live for anyways in morocco
not answering cause im afraid of a bottle thing we got going on here morofags will relateif only it was that easy..chti azbi..waaa l9lawi, ana 9rit dak lkhra opostit mal din mi 7m9 ngoul gha 3lah, and fuck you dont compare me l dzairi
https://bitkan.com/news/topic/44804 9wd sir tkmch 
>Fucking Moroccans and their down syndrome arabi
gweentext
ok 3ad t2ekkedt hadshi rah 3aadi in other news a 3rd word shithole is truly a shithole
Fuck off you piece of shit have you ever been to Morocco?
You wouldn't say so if you have.
Bon je vais eviter les groupes facebook.
Gonna start using Bitstamp's debit card in case I need btc => cash.
[current year]>having a kinglmao
fml and I'm still here waiting for bitstamp's verification
say sorry la79ach you called me dzairim and yea idk wach ghatbdl chi7aja soon..coups happened but nothing changed, also, uk, holland, monaco all got monarchs
ur king is a wise man.
be grateful.
good decision in terms of bitcoin too
yachi wdl97ba lol
NO RAH 3ndo l7e9 aslan hadi ghir tkhwira li darou bitcoin o les crypto monnaie lokhrin déjà dayrin blasst'houm 3refti ila bghaw y7eydohom rah khasso y9et3o do o l'internet f l maghrib, daba tchouf hadi ghir l9ta darouha m7it tkhel3o chafo dik l banka annonçat qu'elle accepte les paiment en bitcoin, galo a , muh dirhams dial les commission o les frais de change mn euro/dollar l dirhams, mais c trop tard wakha maroc marché sghir dial crypto mais rah dayra blasst'ha
yea dakchi, mou7al wach ghatbddel chi l3ba except buyers/sellers ghaywelliw paranoiac
t9der td7ek 3la chi wahed daba tgolo rah bitcoin fih l 7bss o ybi3o bach ma kan
I run a microtransaction service for cryptocurrency.
We get a lot of people from all countrys using the service.Should I be blocking Moroccans and Vietnamese due to their laws banning bitcoin/cryptocurrency?
Or is that like all on them.
id say just go on as nothing happened cause its doubtful itll change anything.
and yea its pretty much all on them
nah Morocco can't get shit from you this only concerns Moroccans and transactions inside Morocco.
It's up to them to hide their traces from the govt when dealing with bitcoin and using your service.
holyfuck thats genius.btw a sat rah bitcoin wla fih l7bs baghi tbi3?
looks like a cuck, where is his harem?cryingfatkittenoncouch.jpg
probably not, it's just weak attempts from our governement to show it's muscles, it will lead to nothing, maybe even more hype on the cryptocurrency.also this targets the local companies and individuals, so if you're not moroccan, it doesn't affect you that much.
4475860Makes sense, was just wondering since a lot of services block NY residents due to NY laws.
I imagine eventually these countrys will reverse their positions.
obviously hes not going to show his harem duh, but prolly in a dungeon somewhere
they will rather realize, it's pointless, and too late to take such measures
btw check em
Dont KYS but morocco is definitely an arab shithole.
It is in Africa after all
4475888moroccans are blessed by kek
dubs.
amen.
Can someone explain why Moroccans are using numbers in addition to letters in their words?
Looks like someone just slamming random shit on the keyboard to me.Other foreign languages at least LOOK like actual writing to me.
we use sounds which doesn't exist in Romanic languages, so we added some numbers like 3 and 7 that look somewhat similar to the arabic writing of the aforementioned sounds.also we invented those numbers
basically what ^ said
Pls tell your retarded kin to leave the Netherlands.
I pray to god we actually got the dumbest cunts your country could provide because the state of Dutch Moroccans is absolutely horrid.
Thanks.>we invented those numbersWhat do mean by this?
aren't they called arabic numbers?
Implying you aren't retarded aswell for taking them in
Touche
ina mdina btw ?
I guess I never heard them called that.Found an article that explains it, though.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabic_numerals>Arabic numerals, also called Hindu–Arabic numerals are the ten digits: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, based on the Hindu–Arabic numeral system, the most common system for the symbolic representation of numbers in the world today.
Also, this:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindu–Arabic_numeral_system
I love your country btw, too bad you're following the dumb immigration trend the UN is setting
wakha it's dangerous to ask for someone's location, mais hania ana f rabat.
dangerous how?ana f 3ennaba
I was on vacations in Morocco for 2 weeks.
Had my hotel in Agadir but also went on a bus trip to Marrakesh.first minute out of the plane I get assaulted with beggarsAgadir had a nice beach, the fruit yoghurt shop by the beach had amazingly tasty fruit shakes, would recommendfrom my experience just walking around the city, bazaars and shit it's a fucking shithole.
at least for whites, can't walk for a minute without having someone assault you trying to sell you belts or plastic jewellery.
I saw old women slaving away trying to extract oil out of nuts, young boys selling fruit in bazaars and people trying to sell pirated games they burned on CDsit's poverty hell.
and 90% of the country is dead deserts and mountains.
I think I was lucky not to get robbed or stabbed.
I liked that you can barter with pretty much any street merchant to get the shit you want to buy cheaper though.
Just because I'm white they thought I was rich as fuck.I wish you best of luck, none of you fuckers deserve to live there.
Africa is awful.
So why did you willingly visit that shithole?
Did you expect something different?
avoid the tourist-y crap, its hell for every foreign who visits morocco, id recommend the northern part of morocco, heavenly beaches nice people and awesome hash if youre into that.
well obviously if you're going for such touristic cities, that's pretty much what you're gonna get, people here usually when they see tourists, they see walking shekels.
I've been to morocco and it's indeed a piece of shit.
women walking around in trash bags and the men in smelly dresses.
plus their french is horrible to listen to
My grandma wanted me to go with her.
I couldn't refuse.
I literally made her cry during those 2 weeks with my idiotic behaviour but it's okay because I apologized before she died.
Don't think she harbors any ill thoughts towards me now.Overall it wasn't a terrible experience, it opened my eyes to the world a bit.4476649Marrakesh is a tourist city?
Agadir I can see, but surely not Marrakesh.
And both Agadir and Marrakesh didn't seem all that different to me.
4476621I'd recommend you stay where you are, don't take such unnecessary risks for not that much high reward.I assume you're European, there's plenty of good safe countries to visit there.
>inb4 I wanna see other cultures.fuck that shit just watch a freak show and you have a pretty good idea of what's in here

literally the first result you get when you type touristic moroccan cities is Marrakesh
marrakesh and agadir are both pretty touristy really, kid vendors even pickup languages cause too many touristsawdlih 3la sidi qacem
Why can't your people be more respectful to visitors?
Why do they act like Jewish niggers?
our king (see pic) will take care of the funeral cause hes a kind hearted person =)
thiswe make international news over shit like this consistently, stuff like this happens on a weekly basis, just not long ago 5 young boys contracted rabies from having sexual intercourse with a donkey
people who do act like jewish niggers are either uneducated ( which is obviously the govs responsibility) or poor, also govs.
so for them to get necessities like food and lube they act like jewish niggers.
more annoying = more money
funnily enough, we are the closest thing you can get to a jewish nigger.but yeah it startles me too, how some moroccans are so...socially rude.
MoroccoCoin when?
wouldn't it be more marketing friendly to just call it Moroccoin?
youre onto something