350 WTF
buy my bags: whale edition
broke the 350 resistance, so what is next top!
$290, I sold at $345

>moralfag nu/pol/tards fell for the pedo fud and sold all their ETH at $300 and got left behind.
go to daily, look left, make an educated guess
I don’t even hold ETH but in my heart I hope it succeeds.
It would mean a lot for the crypto world if something truly competes with bitcoin.
T-This is the breaking point right?
We mooning now?
guess i should sell and go all in on TRIG
For real, to anyone who sold because of the pedo incident, you are extremely stupid.
You should have read the whole conversation, and not just take it out of context.
Don't get me wrong, it was a shit example on Vitalik's behalf but selling this when it was trading sideways for ages is just plain dumb.
no, you dolt, do not sell at a potential weekly breakout
THIS IS GOING TO MARS
$350 broke, and now climbing?
How long can this even last?
icos are selling like crazy right now
tfw sold half my ether for btc yesterdaySO CUT MY WRIST AND BLACK MY EYES
ok keeping my ETH!
but just bought some TRIG anyways
until one of the 78 ICO's that are sitting on hundreds of thousands of ETH start dumping.
there's no real demand for ETH right now.
it's still a sellers market.
idk eth is cool but thats a big ass sell wall
Shouldn't have sold nigger.
Look at prices now.
Have fun buying back in at $500 in 2 months.
>put in a new order to add $5000 usd of eth yesterday from bank>won’t be able to sell it off before the inevitable crash next week because I won’t have it yet due to holiday daysIt hurts...
>still under .05>mooning>ethcucks have been reduced to thiswew
4440909didn't
Never doubt the pedo skellyteslaland here I cum
this.>thinking of USD value instead of satoshisfucking lmao, this shit was almost worth 0.1 sats at one point
almost $360 GOGOGOOGOGOG
psychology of the masses: NEO made a good run, and the ICO scammers are flexing ETH to show who's leading the smart contracts train
You buy before it moons fucker
Shouldn't have sold nigger.
Look at prices now.
Have fun buying back in at $500 in 2 months.>Less than 50% return in two monthsdelusional ethtards
he doesn't trade between btc and eth maximizing profits.
Sorry fellow pedocoiner here, don't mind me not being retarded.
Safer bet than all these shitty P&D pajeets like you chase all day
/10
eww, nigger cooties
It's dead Jim.
naw just a short red candle to balance things out then on the way to 400
350
fucking lmao, this shit was almost worth 0.1 sats at one pointIt reached .15.
I should know because I had ETH back then, I sold most of it at .12 and it was already on the decline then.
I wish I'd sold all of it.
700 would be "mooning"god
AT this rate 2 days
 out of 11 rabbis say no, according to Cindicator.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
WE WILL MAKE IT AHAHAHHAHAHAHHA
All ICOS are moving from ETH to NEO, sell now you faggots.
SHIT WONT STOP BOYS!
HOP ON BEFORE YOU KYS TOMORROW MORNING!
Neo AHAHAHAHHAHA im dead
this is the dumbest statement of the hour
just bought 30 ETH am I gonna make it?
30 ethasking if made it
buy high sell low
360!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When is the pullback I'm getting really sweaty right now
the fomo is real
Not till 400.
Humans are fucking retarded like that, they are scared of round numbers.
Thats why we were stuck at 350
mama mia
double trips confirms the statement 8^)
Oh shit, trip and duo confirm the confirm
volume still increasing
Ohhhh fuck... this shit is really going to $399 isn't it.
THANK YOU MONEY SKELETON
.99 lul
This you should have realized he was calling on the eternal jew to pump eth.
Holy shit we hitting 400 tonight

Back to .07
neo getting fucked
Pedo coin is reaching 400 tonight, why cant i hold all these shekels
bought at 370am i gonna make it lads?
>pedocoin actually is pumping a bithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7HwgUqs6EUNow go back over .1 you piece of shit.
$1000 / ETH by end of the year
OH SHIT IT'S DUMPING FUCKING WHALESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
this
400 tonight lads
bought ETHyes, you are going to make it, HODL
Bought my first ETH, $201 worth at $334 last night.
it's called profit taking you mong
Tether refocused to ETH.
http://omniexplorer.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXL
ETH is only worth about 310USD.. That's why it has so much trouble staying above or below that.
I don't understand why you people insist on believing an ETH is worth 600USD or whatever..
Which one gets hit first $400 or $300?
heaven forbid that a soild coin might take some marketshare, the BTC is retarded.
Of course it would.
$400 before the end of the weekend.
Why is it only worth that much
because he said so and that's the way it is.
+, ATH as BTC dissolves.
I'm guessing the run stops right around .1.
Probably ~600 Eth and ~6000 BTC
Going down now.
I'm scared.
4441584Because that's what people are comfortable buying and selling it at
Shaking off the normies that are having heart attacks at the gains.
Those who FOMO'd... you'll be alright.
I'm going all in now... it's going to be $400.01 by tonight.
wtf are you talking about?
do you have any sources or are you just pulling this shit out of your ass?
True, someone gets it.
I can't find any news driving this, so I assume some whale just happened to make a big splash for whatever reason.
It'll ripple up and down for a bit but probably equalize out at a little above what it was.
Lucky as fuck if you happened to have a sell order right near the top of the spike.
Get some perspective man.
A 4 year old could tell you not to buy right now
is it over?
MOMMYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Lots of buy stops above 350 triggered + fomo buyers
crypto never ends
Yeah, but BTC is 8K now.
Things are different.
and we're back
Probably a few more bounces till it chills
It finally broke free off BTC and that's huge
Whoever bought my bags at 367 thank you, seriously.
No, things are not different.
You're literally going to be buying high and selling low if you fomo into ETH right now.
It's so obvious
it is oversell or hold your bags for another month
You sold way too early.
It didn't break free.
BTC is just in a temporary state of uncertainty after the absurd mooning it just went through
I sold at the top, but it doesn't look like the pullback has much heart to me.
Selling for XLM at the diptrading ETH right now is nice
waiting in eth since june>move to req>eth moons
Could be worse, my 349 sell order ended up fuckin me.
It's alright though, I just wanted to make a little extra change off it before I converted to XMR.