I have a acre in central maryland, with a single family home on it.
Is there anyway to make money off it?
I really don't want to rent the home directly.
I was thinking yard space.
One acre isn't big enough for a truck stop.
Maybe self storage or a car wash or a gas station.
Maybe do electric car chargers as well as gas pumps.
How central?Need more info dickhead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdaeDG0qq1YSaw this vid a few years back.
Hope it helps
Chic-Fil-A if there isn't one nearby.
People in my area are petitioning them to bring one in.
With miles of I-95 corridor.
I saw that too, but that is really slow money, middle of nowhere making the land pay for itself tactic.
Interesting.
Not practical here.
Yes, disturbing how popular Chick-Fil-A is.
Doubt they do rentals.
Looking to keep quick control of the land.
Smallest fast food pad near quarter acre, right?
Would never get the zoning.
Think just a yard.
Couple of Chick-Fil-As already very reachable by car here already, this is central maryland.
I figured, but what about trailer storage?
Where do you advertise something like that?
I'd really like connex storage units stacked two high, that would be perfect.
I"m near a major road/intersection, but down a long driveway/very short side road.
What if you rented the land to someone who needs to build a cell phone tower?
It is because they only hire white people.
There are a few within a few miles on slightly higher ground, but if I get real fucky, that is a great idea, thank you.
I've directly experienced that to not be true several times.
Emo indian kid first week they opened, laughing at me for no reason.
Super nice black girl who looked stunned when i said "thank you" to her for handing me the bag at the drive through.
So stunned that someone had to explain to me that is why she frozen (cause the nu-riche in the area are the rudest POSs alive who dominate the area the restaurant is in).
But it does seem to wash out all the managers are middle aged whites...but there is no other reason to think that is than demographics.
Illegal hazardous waste dump
Exceptions prove the rule, man, lol
Well, argued.
I don't see race, but now I will make a survey of all the employees, when I never go in there again cause they are closed on Sundays.
I kind of love the place.
Needs to be recoverable, expanding sphere of wealth type shit to impoverish, grab the nearby land....eventually.