How did you learn day trading?
daytrading is for plebs
by buying high and selling low
I didn't.
I'm just kinda using common sense fueled by the kind of obsession that you can only really have when you're kind of autistic
Literally just use a scanner, watch the order book and buy shitcoins on top of big orders.
Sell when the order book starts to get thin because it's a sign that whalebots are gonna dump on your ass.
Rinse and repeat.
Easy money.
url for scanner please
Yeah what the fuck is a scanner?
wtf is a scanner?
Unless you're autistic and have nothing better to do, don't.Zoom out and trade on trends.
4442164Will give url for btc.
But the trend for pretty much all alts is inevitably down.
How do you trade that?
To figure out short term moves it's handy to know about support and resistance points, so that you know if you're early and can buy on the way up or if you're late and need to waitAnd don't be impulsive or impatient, there's no logic behind that.
If you "believe" in any coin, you're an idiotAfter a pump and dump, or a normal bill run, there's a decently strong recovery which is a short timespan to buy the dip, sell when it recovers, sometimes even more than once.
If you do ride the waves, the stupidest thing you can do is get greedy and not sell because "it might go higher!!"
and then watch it crash below your buying pointThere's literally always a coin to trade on out there
you have to waste around 500 hundred, before you got the experience, once you lose all, you have to come back to your shiti normal job.
So its a live or dead situation.
You still haven't explained what it is why the fuck would anyone pay you?
Nice job roleplaying on the internet.
a scanner>he means just using his eyes
Pls don't do that on alts, they're only for day trading, unless you really have so much money lying around you just don't care if you gamble your money across 10 of the hundreds of shitcoinstldr altcoins are for daytrading only and for /biz/ retards who screech HODL when their shitcoin is tanking
This.
I'm a carpenter lmao.
Would rather throw my spare income on a graph trend with a half hour of background research and then spend the rest of the evening reading books, gardening and kicking a ball with my son.
A scanner tells you when there's a major move in price.
You can specify the percentage and the timeframe.
It allows you to ride breakouts from the start instead of fomo buying at the peak like you faggots normally do.
I'm the guy that dumps on you and makes you cry to /biz/.
But if I'm using a scanner, there has to be some kind of lag to get passed normal market volatility.
If I set it for say 10% rise within the last 30 minutes, aren't I setting myself up for buying high and getting rekt?
If you set the time frame that high then you're better off buying on top of support at the first dip.
I use 2-3% jumps within 5 minutes.
It has a filter that shows how much volume pumped in, whether there's support for a low risk exit and tells you whether the spread is below a reasonable threshold.
The shit scanners that you'll find by googling don't have those features though.
This scanner sounds like a lot of work figuring out how to use it.
I like the idea of the spread filter to get rid of shit like DOGE and RDD that jump 10% ever single price movement; seems like that would help filter out bot manipulated low volume coins too.
I don't see how it could automate checking for support unless you're saying the volume increase is somehow evidence for it.
Any recommendations for good software or apps?
I've tried some apps for this in the past, but have absolutely hated them.
What kind of movements are you looking for?
The market moves every which way all day everyday.