Why don’t you want to buy my ChainLink & Pink Wojak stickers /biz/?
Nothing binds a community together like a symbol of shared pain.
They are high quality vinyl stickers (useable outdoors), with 70mm x 78mm proportions.For the small price of £1.10 (UK), or £1.60 (International) I will ship one to you.
If you are interested, just use the email below to message me:linkedh3eeh3@mail.comI only accept crypto payments, so just send me the equivalent or near equivalent amount value of crypto to a deposit address I’ll send you.
I ship literally anywhere, and I have a total of 85 stickers
Is this forreal?
Because I will do it
Yes anon, do you need a timestamp?
hi plushtard
I live in the UK, he is German
I would buy a sticker but I only pay through paypal :^ ))))
Plushtard here can confirm not me Was my idea though
I would love to have my money stolen.Where do i sign up?Or can I just give you my account number or social security number?
I only accept crypto payments, so just send me the equivalent or near equivalent amount value of crypto to a deposit address I’ll send you.That was how i did it, i suggest you use paypal.
Also if someone who sent me money sees this; mail me; refunding everything.
Also how do you keep your shipping cost so low?
I need more crypto though, not more fiat, if for some reason nobody wants to use crypto ill switch to paypalto send an international letter in the UK costs 1.10, even lower cos I get discounted stamps
This is plushtard all over again
Do they contain LSD?
plushtard has a cousinWhat's the tard family tree look like?
4527830Has the kraut forever ruined anyone's chances of selling anything on /biz/?They are just stickers anons, and I have all of them all ready to send, not scammy preorders like plushtard
can i paypal you i live uk
sure just shoot me an email
Whos plushtard?
I make mememugs and pinkeojak mugs and sell them at my campus so why no stickers
German anon who got people to email him to preorder wojak plushies, but he ended up scamming them for their money, and then blowing it all gambling on cryptonow he is very sad he did it, and posts around to try and give people back their moneyalso>not one emailcmon guys don't leave me bagholding these things
I'm in the UK I've sent you an email
FUCKING PLUSHTARD
ty anon
Will these work on car windows?
nice try anon
yes because they are vinyl stickersyes i just got 85 vinyl stickers printed to scam for a pound, get bent