Only 8m raised for a credit protocol, product already launched, rebranding on friday, just launched on binance and kucoin!
get them before they moon like HST and CFD
Bought it when it was lower and even told biz, but as usual they didn't buy.
Sad.
BCPTMOON!
8 million raised>currently at 12 million market capnot bad.
you can see why /biz/ was sceptical though, since it fell below ico value for so long
Underrated, but I read up on them and saw that they were quite serious about their project.
Way too late again.
I dont want to get dumped on.
This is going to easy 4x.
SALT will need this
It literally already did a x4 why should it again?
It will bleed now.
It will not bleed, it's been under ico for a while and had little hype.
The team has been constantly working and are very communicative.
They are commited to the success of the project and have a strong long term vision that you read up on for yourself.
Thanks to biz I got in earlier.
Very happyI did now.
When it did a 4x?
with a 10mill market cap it could 5x so 50mill
In his dreams
So it's still not bleeding, weak FUD
It's also not mooning -.-
ITS FUCKING MOONING
Nop.
Why should it even?
ITS FUCKING MOONING KEK
Ah my binance just didn't refresh OK OK ITS MOONING ffs you win.
But it needs +30% to be called moon at least.
im up 40% idk about you lil nibba
bought in at 5500 :( how far do you think this will go?=
down
nope, up, just look at orders and volume, it came from a shitty exchange to an big one, it is primed to moon really hard.even on ether delta they are pumping it, thats a sign of a good idea reaching the masses
Don't mind him, he's just not quite right in the head
yeah its already tanking again
well?
guys, i bought this shit at 0.0004 eth like 2 weeks ago, sadly i ended up selling at 0.005, but anyways, point is that this has already pumped almost 3x, people will dump soon, a bit of friendly advice
their app will launch on friday they got listed today.
why should it already dump
They could have dumped it yesterday or the day before that, as it was going up.
Few did.
No pink wojaks here biz.
Weak FUD as usual.