Everything's gonna be fine.Last night in a NEO thread I called the 50% Fibonacci retreacement.Today's crash was only be caused by BTC rally to $8000, then NEO immediately recover while other coins are still bleeding, you can see that it perfectly fit like piece of a puzzle.Hope you HODL or bought the dip.Tomorrow will be a nice day for NEO and I hope you bought Loopring too.
Don't be too greedy.
I unloaded my shitcoin bags from REQ to NEO at 38.
I'm just going to hold on to NEO for a while.
REQ was a dumb move.
Even if it takes off it's a much later buy.
The news is going to be huge.
Not government huge, but huge nonetheless.I'M NOT SELLING
i agreedo we know when the news is coming?
i assume around 5:30 shanghai time, since that's when the conference starts.
followed by a tweet from the official twitter account to confirm.
If you want quick gains, that was the right choice.REQ, LINK &co. are no worthy to be holded today, they might move in months and in the meanwhile they only lose value.
I'm done with neo.
I sold 2500 link yesterday just to FOMO into it at ATH, and today I sold it at a 20% loss.Funny thing though LINK price dropped by 20% as well so I bought back everything I sold so I didn't really lose anything.
Huh thanks universe.
I'll just set an alarm on my blockfolio and be alerted whenever the price moons
It dumped because the neo group said the announcement wasn't about regulations, or about any type of partnership with the government.
The announcement hype is all for a dev update lol
I get no greater pleasure in the shitcoin space than watching yellow fever Neotards get rekt
I call bullshit, link didn't drop 20% yesterday
Thats because no ones trading link anymore, dead coin
Last night in a NEO thread I called the 50% Fibonacci retreacement.
Naaah, that was an healthy retracement.
It didn't tank because of the announcement itself.
Will this make LRC moon or crash?
Half of my stack is in there.
Moon
It's already warming up the engines.Get ready.
First run I would say up to 53 and back to 50.
Koreans are awaken it is pumping
Close enough, up to 53 and retracement to 51.3.But I won't post predictions here, I don't want that someone might follow my bullshits.But an advice, probably in the next run think twice about buying over 0.0055/56 for the moment.
Loopring at 2500 sats and a juicy buy wall.
how high is loopy going to go?
loopy's looking bullish
I'm confident on LRC but over 2800 might be a minefield.
clearly now is consolidation phase before next leg upards
next leg going at least 550, trend is bullish
nuls
4454699I don't even really know what NEO is because I deliberately stay away from coin for months at a time so I can remember to chill and not overthink things, yet even then right now I can tell roughly what's going on here.This is the real pattern.
The only real fucking pattern that you can kind of rely on:1 Pump BTC2 BTC starts to approach a peak3 People find some semi-random coin, doesn't necessarily have to be a shitcoin, but it usually is.4 Shitcoin pump5 Shitcoin tapers off6 Pump BTC7 Repeat.
Honestly I'm sick of seeing the way a lot of you guys choose to do this.You need to make up bullshit for this to work.
If you don't know shit it's better to shut your mouth
On NULS there's a huge risk to get dumped on, because of the Binance competition.Not going over 12000, I guess.
Unless NEO gets a big boost up in the next two hours it is going to see a bearish TKx cross downwards.
Look out Anon!Love,Lain
Put all my NEO into POWR this morningfeels good man
It's pumping because it's trying to break out of the one hour Kumo (see the image I just posted).
Koreans have been up for a long time.
>tfw I bought the dip
Forget Neo, start buying Gas.
Lagging behind Neo on Binance cause some whale is capping the price.
As soon as he feels some buy pressure he will pull the walls.
its okay, rest easy.
reversal in progress:D
NEW LRC HIGH WOO>i-it's just a pump guys
>sold at $39 this afternoon because I thought it'd keep dippingat least I bought at $24, right?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Those fucking assholes told us it was going to be under 30, I just checked it.
It’s at 43 and climbing you fuckkkkkssss
Told you about 4 hours ago to buy LRC, hope you did it.
;)
Forget Neo, buy Neo Gas.
It is lagging behind because some whale is capping the price.
The announcement is going to moon Gas, not Neo.
Binance just added NEO/USDT pairs.
Pump incoming.
So thats the'big' news?
that they're now on Binance???
Preceded the BCH massive pump by just a few hrs with then added that USDT pairing.
GAS > NEO
So, uh, do we all love lain yet?
Calm down, Lain and buy the dip.
And we're just hit 2820.From now on you're on your own, might go to 3000-3100 but there a high dump risk after 2800.
I doubt that with the conference coming tomorrow.
Why didn't you listen?
All you had to do was love Lain.
ITS BELOW 40 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASELL SELL SELL
Don't sell in the red idiot.
Buy.
It will come back up to the 40s if you haven't been paying attention for the past 2 days.
Bro, you might even be a cool dude but that's a fact.
NEO right now has a some kind of psychological resistance at the 50% Fibonacci line retracement, as you can see, every time it hit that line it bounce back up.
Your picture only really shows two instances of hitting that line.
It's stalling there because its a historic trendline, but just because it's a historic trend doesn't mean it's an unbreakable wall or anything.
This is remedial class trading knowledge...c'mon, Anon.
Uhhh, are you blind?
Zoom out a little bit.
It was just at 0.0045
Here's a green didlo for you.Just for few seconds