I fucked up exams for a number of reasons, mainly drugs and drinking did that.I've heard the 'only 8% succeed' - surely, if I'm cognitively incredibly smart, analytical and have an IQ well above average then for day trading, where very little fundamental analysis is necessary, I should find this a piece of piss?
Already have an intermediate knowledge of Patterns, MA's and Oscillators etc.
through my crypto-enthusiasm stage.
It just seems like smart people should breeze this with a good strategy and controlled emotions.
>ifThis shit is gambling and people here are pathological liars who are getting their rocks off by pretending they're something they're not.
is susceptible to drugs and drinking>cognitively incredibly smart, analytical, and IQ well above averagepick one, deadbeat
If you didn't have the discipline to keep away from drink/drugs and pass your exams, what makes you think you will have the discipline to be a strategic trader with controlled emotions?
Have you done any work to improve in that area?
You can improve your odds by counting cards in blackjack for example.I believe the same goes for day trading.
It's still a gambling, but your odds could be pretty good if you're playing safe and smart.
I'm no longer a pothead, although I'll have the occasional night out on harder stuff once a month or so.Saw a therapist/shrink woman for a few months last year which genuinely helped me so yeah I'd say I have.I passed my exams too, just majorly underachieved - could also be put down to a lack of motivation, whereas trading has always piqued my interests.
Get in and start saving red wojaks in advance already.
Prior to and during exams yes.
See above for the changes I've tried to make!
I've wagecucked from straight out of school too.
Not particularly bullshit jobs either, I've been a trainee underwriter for the last 6 months and worked hard at that.I didn't mean for it to come across as arrogant, but day trading seems like it could be conquered as someone who hasn't got top school knowledge but has the capacity to learn quickly if they wanted to.
4340915I've read this in A man for all markets by Edward Thorpe.Would recommend the read, it touches on the links between the two and it's a very readable writing style.
For my taste at least.