>tfw you left bittrex Recently the kikes started to redirect me to the enhanced verification page after login.
Next step is probably getting my account disabled.
I always thought the stories about people getting their accounts disabled were pajeets trying to fuck with my head.
Now I sold all my shitcoins for ETH and sent it to binance.
Comfy as fuck.FUCK YOU BITTREX
I'm getting redirected to that page as well when I log in, what does it mean?
does binance requires an account?
also tell about liquidity on binance
I gapped Bittrex too.Fuck their shit.Now Binance and Crytopia are my best friends
My legacy account got switched to new yesterday.
Good thing I withdrew everything from there weeks ago.
If you still have a legacy account with Bittrex and don't want to give em ur photo id, get out fast because once they switch you to "new" your daily withdrawal goes from 1000 BTC down to .025 BTC.
Is there someone who doesn't get redirected?
Whats wrong with Bittrex?
this happened last time there was a fork.You have to create a support ticket and submit verification if you're not enhanced.
Too bad it'll take 15 days to get it solved legit manipulation
does binance requires an account?yes?
>also tell about liquidity on binancedepends on the pairing, there are lots of liquid pairings though, especially bcc/btc
I was trying to get out yesterday with my 8bcc and apparently that's over my daily limit, the most I could do was 2bcc, gonna have to do 4 of them I guess
Binance has shit liquidity, tons of chinese bots, a 2 BTC per day withdrawal limit unless you give them a copy of your PASSPORT.I hate both bittrex and binance right now.
Not sure where else to go at this point.
I'm out of bittrex right after I flip the shitcoins I have there.
Should be in a few days.Even if not, I'll take the loss or profit or whatever is there and move my BTC somewhere else.
Upgraded to enhanced without any problem.
Posted my face and driver's license
The problem is bittrex forcing people into the enhanced verification they don't need.A selfie and a copy of my ID?
Fuck no.
I'd rather look for a better exchange.
15 daysmore like a month
Me
Checked
I've been getting that too but you just click one of the tabs at top, either wallets or markets and the site works 100% like normal.