how do rappers keep stacks of cash on their person and also wear skinny jeans?
and also wear skinny jeans?they're just expressing their homosexuality
cash on their person
to buy drugs and flex
Instagram is as 'real' as those fucking reality shows are.
It's all fucking posed theater, I bet the stack is a prop or is going back to the person who loaned it in 20 minutes.
Does anyone else feel really happy when rich nigs date/marry black girls?
The question is how idiots, he's asking how they carry the stacks with them
I just feel happy if I don't have to see their kind.
Until recently, my country has been nigger-free for most intents and purposes and now you can barely go a day without seeing one.I honestly don't know how Americans put up with this.
Do they just get numbed-down after a few generations?
Do they develop some form of racial stockholm syndrome where they make themselves believe that sharing your country with these people is actually ok?
also wear skinny jeans?because skinny jeans look good, retard.
skinny jeans are just jeans these days.
do people actually miss the days of the ridiculous baggy jeans of the 90s?
At least niggers only live in America.I've met negroes around the world and they were pretty chill.I am a caucasian latino.All that slavery and inbreeding must have made American niggers 100x dumber than the average black man.
people enjoy wearing skinny jeans?
it's like your legs are in casts
theyre segregated moronI mean, niggers stick to nigger cities.
Yes their are individual blacks all around but their numbers have always been kept low
t. broke salty incel

Yasss Queen!!
Slayyy
I've been going to Chile every so often on holidays, and last time I went, to my surprise, saw the capital teeming with niggers.
WTF.
The cabby tells me that thousands of Haitian niggers are begin flown in each week.
fucking jews.
just gotta make sure you get the skinny jeans with 2% spandex, makes everything better
hey /pol/ster, you think (((they))) are also pushing White male/Asian female?
Serious question
ayo is dat you shawquandalamaweka?
Rappers these days keep cash on their person, yes.
But it's bitcoin cash.
they wear bags for that
It was in the car behind them.
I am a caucasian latino.
broblems, euro?
56%, remember
That just has to be a horrid existence
us /pol/sters being well dressed (far better than them blacks or niggers as i like to call them) in the pic related.haha yes r/the_donald is finally taking over /biz/ loll