Smart money moon mission happening right now.Check out QSP on Binance and DYOR, please.Come back in here and let me know if you bought.
This thing is gonna go running really soon.Just got listed, no silly BNB competition, great product.Going to absolutely see huge gains in the next 48hrs.
Shit holy dick!
This just got listed to binance!?!
God fuckking dammit.
I almost bought the ico.
DammitBrb
Just bought in and already up 5% ty op.Get in fellas.
These guys are making smart contracts reliable and marketable.This is definitely buy time.
Check the graph$!Those little candles are going to get thicc
I'm back here after buying 100k
There's going to be PoS news coming soon, as well.
That should be interesting.
I love proof of hodl
You notice how biz aint saying shit about this yet?
that gives me a hardon.
lol
Its going to dinosaur exchange within the week, just ironing out a few kinks with contacts ;) ;)
Wat the hell is dinosaur exchange?
I'm new to crypto how much should I buy of this bitcoin to win?
;) ;)
k
Go study first.Learn about the risks involved with managing your investments.Then see if you believe in this one.
Let your investment reflect the strength of your belief in the project.This is a particularly sound investment in my opinion, calling for a large position.Particularly in the light of coming proof of stake announcements which would allow you to stake your coins and operate a piece of the network.
For that you'd be rewarded in QSP, largely in a similar fashion to the way miners are awarded for mining bitcoin.
I see you!
Whats up with biz being quiet on this one?
Been shady af, Almost did my PoC on biz
TrexBut how do we know this?
We're gonna be seeing this logo almost as much as the powr broad in the next couple of days.
4482546Bittrex?
maybe.could be a larper.
Why will normie investors give a shit though?
Why do we need this protocol?
What is it that ETH can’t solve ?
all the locked away ethIt's called investor confidence and marketing a solution.
Its also YC backed btw.
REQ didnt set a good precedent, but its still a positive sign.
likely larper
We're seeing good price action.
Dudes, this is going to explode and no one even knows yet
Yup, holding above ICO with sustained volume.
Accumulate quietly before others notice.
Too much fudding about tether, PBC hype and POWR shilling and this ICO has gone under the radar.
over 400btc volume>no one knowspls
oh wow op figured out how to change his ip address
This is the only thread on biz though, which is usually a good thing.
This is how POWR started too.
Advisors are Director of Engineering and Product Manager at Facebook?FACEBOOK PARTNERSHIP CONFIRMED
Passed Howey test + public github?That meets requirements for bittrex
Take your 5 or 10% and get out quick you already know ico holders are going to dump on you the first chance they get.
some shills got a 100% bonus, enjoy your bags.
powr had working project shortly after ico, this one doesn't have much until Q3 2018, read their website
Easiest $60 of my life
Lol, okay everybody.
I love how certain packaged lines just double down my confidence in an investment.
they already dumped, pump haven't even begun
>Market cap of nearly 100 million alreadyHmm nah
EZ 3 dollars
so many pajeets in the telegram kek
Tried starting discussions about this the last couple of days.
Every thread got shot down immediately.
Now you guys are interested?
Good thing the /biz/ hate convinced me to get in the ICO 
Good recommendation, sir.
Just bought 100 Rupee.
Thanking you.
Everyone pls buy.
This will give you many rich.
No problem Gettyimages
same was with power ledger
anyone know the ico price / hard cap of this coin?
Easy money.
Second exchange listing soon.
k eth, around the 30M hard cap.
meant .00020000 ETH was the ICO price.
We are going to the moon lads!
Well damn didnt expect it to moon so soon
Careful guys, the buy orders are spread thin, I suggest selling now and buy back the dump.
They raised way too much money, and the pre sale guy got at a YUUUUGE discount.
Wait for the dump.
^this
Just made a grand from this call, cheers anon
that's no moon
Its 50% up from ICO, thats moon enough for me.
>Proof of Pajeet icoThis is incredibly overvalued for what is essentially a glorified linter
I feel it's going to be 100-150%, but playing safe is smart
Good call man, already in profit.
Will dump soon