What cryptocurrency (current or future) will one day take the BTC/BCH throne as king?What reasoning do you have that makes you think it will be the one?
You canät catch BTC now, but it eventually reaches proce stasis.Alts are being launched, so that Gen Z faggots aren't left out in the cold like Millennials were by boomers.Millennials get comfy on BTC, then it atrophies.
Then Hogwartscoin goes to themoon and Gen Z gets rich.
Then whatever our kids grow up with will pay for them.Mr Bones wild ride never ends.
BTH will become BTC and after that who knows...
the software of BTC is static and won't evolve
Bitcoin maximalistSo far it hasn't shown any signs of evolving at an even halfway decent rate, and the hardfork shenanigans has made it even less stable
IOTA - IF Tangle works as intended, will replace blockchain altogether MONERO - privacy, whales will use it to remain anonymous
Ethereum for a little while.
There are way too many companies all up ETH's ass.
Then possibly Monero once people finally figure out that it is the perfect laundering platform.
4524884Only issue with Monero is that I don't see regular people caring all that much about privacy of transactions, and that's the one thing that sets it apart from BTC
ether because the techs there
Bitcoin maximalistI don't know.
Wallstreet has finally come around to accepting BTC.
Those asshats will protect their investment.
They could give a fuck about if it has evolved or not.
BTC/BCHYou mean BTC?
Bcash is a chinese scam coin.It the long run probably some centralized crypto made by the banks.
(((They))) not going to let themselves pushed to the side.
It was only done to not devolve the thread into BCH shilling
I'd imagine there are a few people on Wallstreet who are pissed they missed out early on BTC.
They might try and push something else they get in early on
Decred.
It solves the governance problem that Bitcoin is facing.
Bitcoin maximalists used to say Bitcoin would adopt all promising features of altcoins, this is what Decred will actually do.
I guess that's a good point.
It probably won't be BCH though.
They are also grooming ETH which is much cheaper than BTC or BCH.
It probably won't be BCH though.It definitely won't be BCH if it 'kills' BTC it'll take down everything with it and the Bitcoin brand will be tarnished
If MtGox couldn't kill BTC, then not much other than complete regulatory limits will.
It may take years to come back to where we are right now, but it won't die.
I hear you.I was there for that whole shit show too.
The landscape is a bit different now.
What fucking irks me is that the Bitcoin Cash guys only purpose is to supplant Bitcoin.
It is intentional and cancerous.
this coin is totally retardedits not a real crypto, its just an exchange that use buzz words to bait people into itwhy the fuck is it shilled here?is /biz/ retarded?
Mt.
Gox just made a ton of BTC disappear which made the market fearful.
It wasn't anything that had to do with BTC itself which this would be