What will happen this POS the next 24 hours?
Is this the flippening of the flippening?
I went all in at 2700 AUD.Pic related
Even if BCH fails to cause the flippening, it at least damaged BTC, which is still good.
hahaha it only made clear that BTC is unkillable
It will certainly be above 0.5 BTC in 24 hours.
I think parity will happen on Wednesday.
being this delusional
I went all in at 1610usd
same.
BCH needs even more of a push to take over and flip.
If it fails to do so, it'll go down as a victory for btc and make all future challengers look impotent
4317594Sell now before it’s too late.
Assuming you bought in before it hit ATH and you didn’t sell because you weren’t paying attention?
Don’t tell me you bought it after it started its downtrend?
Can’t you see those giant red candles bros?
BCH has done this once before - research your coins, this is a Pump and Dump, and when they Dump they'll be taking your money with them straight to ETH
*POW
Why would this be good?
Good god you fucking bizlets are retarded.
Keep buying high and selling low you dumb bitch.
Why would this be good, bitcoin is the backbone of the entire crypto market?Good god you fucking bizlets are retarded.
Keep buying high and selling low you dumb bitch.
why are they going into ETH?
I agree, this is a clear BCH pump and dump.Once the dump is over, there will be the next pump to 4k and a dump to 2.5k.
After that, pump to 8k and dump to 6k.Obvious PnD coin, stay out of it, please.
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
4317942Saying the same thing kys fag
Would you fuck to save yourself?
4317951tell me you nigger
>China>Jamie Dimon forks of which one supposedly cancelled>Overall massive FUD over BTC's utility and tech>civil war with BCH>thousands of competing altsAnd it's still going fucking strong.
BTC is the king for at least a couple more years.
2018 is going to be massive lads
Still holding
Sold at 7% profit