*Silently dies*
Feels good desu.
Money is flowing back into alts, it was overvalued compared to Eth and Monero.
You will be crying once Bcash becomes the real Bitcoin
Doesn’t your mom have some tendies ready for you?
Run along now, kid.
nah, korean waking up
you'll be crying when it drops below .1 again
It's at 1250, how is it dying?
Real question
I'll be buying if it drops that lowIt's fucking dead man, ADMIT ITIT'S OVER SELL YOUR SHIT NOW
You're not going to get a real answer.
This here's a corecuck thread son.
its been sideways for 30 hoursive been sitting here.
staring at it
Well sell it now faggot cuz it's a dead coin
Lol.
I've made more money off this then any other alt, and it's still obviously tied to bitcoin, I don't see how that makes it dead.
But by all means, sell yours.
I'd like to get some sub 1000 bch again
ya collect profits and sell now bro, last warning because $0 tomorrowalso I am looking to buy BCH under $1000 as well, if you sell yours we can both buy it under $1000 again, good plan right?
It seems to have given up on getting hashrate, which is the requirement for muhh flippening
ok just sold
BTC is vaporware garbage that users and eccomerce have been fleeing from for years.Just attempt to refute this core faggots.
That's right and never fucking forget it either.
well i did read a lot of the bitcoin core devs own words and they do talk about how happy they are it already has reached a fee system and we would get there anyways so who gives a fuck and it doesn't matter if fees are high or if block is low and yada yada we are owned by bilderberg now.
so basically rothschild level of conspiracy.
on the flip side we have a crazy unibomber and a chinese ant.
however they are both doing fucking 3billion fiat volume in 24hours.
you think if BCH/BCC is .16 but doing basically 1to1 volume it would be higher.
so this is either a load before .21 and then people start losing their shit again.
who the fuck knows anymore i think this fork and 2 bitcoins thing is still so new and people have PTSD over it and do not know how to comprehend it when the safe thing to do is just hold them both on a 1to 1 ratio but it seems to have devolved into a shit flinging storm.
>michael jackson popcorn gif.
Also this jpg just makes me go hmmm....
Also.
The only thing keeping BTC king is the whales smashing the price higher.
And the clueless new people who go into that coin first.
But how many people will read and go to bitcoin.com first and then read the PSA (maybe) and then in december only get BCH/BCC as the bitcoin.
the jpg is objectively stupid
Literally serves no purpose other than to let jihan use asicboost
how many people will read and go to bitcoin.com first and then read the PSA (maybe) and then in december only get BCH/BCCKEK.
Now this is delusional and just shows are much denial fake-Bitcoiners have.
*how much
normies buy BCH by accidenthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Qj8p-PEwbI
The only thing keeping BTC high is the 430 Million USD in fake dollars that Bitfinex has pumped into the market.
Why can't they pronounce ooh-boon-two
>falling wedge>no one notices itwp /biz/
fuck im getting rekt rn
Oh, some of us noticed
4437575Can you show image of meme lines for us nooblets?
Also is it bearish or bullish
Bullish right at mohttp://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:chart_analysis:chart_patterns:falling_wedge_reversal
its bullish my niggerdont worry not a pump and dump, the volume is too high.
just set a stop loss if it breaks down
I'm not seeing it.
What time frames are you looking at?
dont worry not a pump and dump, the volume is too high.On Korean exchanges.
You have no clue.
doesnt the bottom support have to also be decreasing?
It does appear to be bottoming out as it has 5 points of support there.
Likely to start going up from here
only the current price action matters, the end point is decreasing
CASHLINK
can someone console me?
i put my life savings in today and its fucking dropping like a rock
Ikr.
Next breakout is going to be joyous.>biz>Coin is up 400% in 4 weeks>'dying'Never change biz.
In less than seven days ago, it was worth 1/2 of a bitcoin.
Now, it's worth ~1/7th.
Kinda surprised you couldn't see that in the chart.
i wonder why bitcoin price is stagnate now and rumors of bitfinex closing will bring on a btc crash once bch price get even with btc miners will switch for sure then
CHINA SAVE US
idiot
Dont worry.
Jihan wu has infinite money at his disposal, he will pump it up.
round 2
how much was it worth 14 days ago?
Kinda surprised you didn't see that in the chart.
It's called Confirmation Bias
4438715Much delusion.
Such wow.
That's a retarded way to determine if a coin is dead.... if anything, it should make you want more.
1000 is a strong support number.
BCH sat at 350 for 3 months.
It's doing good.