Pump this shit niggas
Nooooo... it's free on bittrex now!
Fuck yes, Bitcoin_v005_FINAL_(conflicted_copy).docxSell this now or hodl?
I'm dumb and I don't trade so good.
Why is it trading for $280 on bittrex but for like $130 on other exchanges?
Forgot pic
Because it literally just launched.
People from those exchanges will move their assets over to the Bittrex which will pump the price up even higher and then we'll all dump and make good gainz.
Blockchain is slow af right now, so trying to do arbitrage is really risky, this is preventing price normalization.
But this is about the price at which bitcoin gold is traded on bittrex.
Depositing from an external wallet doesn't affect the order book.Someone is buying BCG at 3x the price and a lot of it.
why do they use .
instead of ,
I'm not trying to arbitrage, I'm just wondering why it happens
.067btg/btc on bittrex now wtf yo.
who is buying this for so much,
Whats the play here?
Dump it?
if you have it on bittrex, yeah def dump it.
its priced 4x higher on bittrex than anywhere else right now.
4473032Give it a few hours though.
It has room to grow on Bittrex before the collapse especially with the lag times of moving transactions
Just sold some dust at 0.07.
I dumped mine already lol.
a little too early.
Just sold at 0.069.
Don't know who is buying this but thanks.
it started around $200 on bittrex now its $600..... just saying.
Dump and Pump.
Pump it man.
maaan i want to withdraw from binance :DDDD
How do I get at my Bitcoin Gold?
I have 56 BTC, so I guess I now have 56 BTG or whatever they're calling it?
haha double my money within 4 min, thanks everyone.
Amerifat detected
Dumb.
Shit's gonna go nuclear today, at least .1-.2 BTC.
Patricians will dump in next 10 hours.
wow what a joke this coin is.
can't wait for the flippening!
better not sell your bittrex guys.
its gonna hit that 1K mark.
Hold and dumb once it reaches 1K!
trust me
WHERE THE FUCK DO I GET BTG?
WHERE CAN I CLAIM!?
haha I am holding till it hits 1K man!
mooning
dub 32s checked...fuck guys, how do i get at my Bitcoin Gold?
I love that this coin uses a different Hash so it doesn't Harm Bitcoin at all.
PUMP AWAY BOIS!!
God you're retarded
Just bought 27 BTG.
How fucked am I?
Well how fucked are you?
Sold at 0.42.
Not bad
didn't store that btc in time anon?