www.fenix.techdecentralized and uncensored torrents & standalone wallet due out at the start of next month.
Pajeets selling their moon tickets.ico ends in a couple of days.this is going to be listed on exchanges in the next week.https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
Comfy af right now.
Bought at 25% of ICO price
Where can I buy?
I was watching this ages ago
Confirmed scam.
Don't buy this.
Awesome, this will be my last all in of the year.
Then I can be done with crypto until summer.
What makes you say that?
Use the secret EtherDelta link OP posted.
Normies dont know about unlisted coins.
I loaded my bags earlier today.
Theres still a few cheap coins left but be quick
t. pajeet
> token name is FENX> EtherDelta token name is Feenixsmells fishy in here
There was an entire thread before dedicated to this project.
It's a scam.
You thinking I'm a pajeet just convinced me that I nade the right decision going all in, thankies
are you fucking serious lol.. why would it have a 6 digit ticker for?go to www.feenix.tech fenx = feenix coin see for yourself
Pic related.
It's the ICO sale
no scam bro?
this is going places.
there is shitcoins that have nothing going for them run 50x all the time.
there is always people calling scam.
this actually has something going for it.
www.fenix.techURL doesn't resolve, that's pajeet tech right there
CFD 2.0
that's because it's feenix.tech you retard lolI don't think it's 'uncensored' anon, from what I could tell, they wouldn't allow sharing of copyrighted material...it would be cool if they had a browser for torrents integrated into the walletcool idea, but I'm skeptical about adoption
YEs sir thank you kindly good sir how much will you be buying?
This is seriously going to moon when it gets listed on hitbtc.I'm going to make all my losses back from link in a day.
www.fenix.techfenix.tech redirects to www.fenix.tech fgtThe pajeet can't even run a fucking website.
He will love your Yellencoins.
It's www.FEENIX.tech.... 2 ee's.While you're there, read the whitepaper
> Buy before exchange listing> Move coins to HitBTC when listed> LambolandLook at ico price.
This is free money goys.
gmail.comWhy don't I send it to your aunt?Some technically retarded white fgts locked an asian guy in their basement to make them a shitcoin...
People never learn, didn't you see confido?
This shit is even worse
bought 10kwhen should i collect profits?
If they forget to feed the asian guy the whole thing will go to shit.
I bought in yesterday.
Holding until next week when it gets listed.
If we go to 0.002 which might happen the way the order book looks i might sell half then.
Which exchanges?
i should dump my link and find a moon mission
if you read the thread you'd know.
ok biz you sold me, im putting a buy order in and see if it fills
Some anon started this coin here in biz a few months ago?
There were one or two treads to ask some other anons free help to build a shitcoin to make free monies....not a scam!
I'm sure he'll be fine, rice is cheap.this doubles in price in less than 2 eth of sales.cheap coins wont last long because some pajeet discord group is going to pump this.
Haha i remember this, he paid the first 5 people to create a meme or someshit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8B4QqgpoKs
I'll stick with Upfiring for incentivized file sharing, thank you.
Nice paid review you got there...
not my review.just making it easy for those who can't be bothered reading a 10 page whitepaper
listed on HitBTC when?
Holy fuck.
Dat whitepaper!
Nice pick anon.
With this, IOP and ARN I plan to retire young
trip confirmed