private moderator keys?
how is this being shilled as truly decentralized when its just operating on the assumption and hope that moderators wont find the private markets through word-of-mouth?
that's like...the opposite of truly decentralized..
they probably just don't want to go to prison for a thousand years
Stop shilling this Pajeet trash, have you actually used the marketplace?
It's slow as fuck and looks worse than the spacejam website.
is this the new silkroad or not?
Bitbay blows.
Community moderators can delete entire markets.
Not decentralized
4436904FUDBitbay will overtake ebay in 10 years
It needs to be that way otherwise it would get shut down just like Silk Road you fucking retard
BITBAY>developer holds over 100 million bitbays in his personal wallet, which is 10% of the supply>outdated wallet>marketplace looks like its from the early 90's>marketplace constantly crashes, is buggy, god awful UI and its resource hoarding as all hell>you are not allowed to sell child pornography, guns, illegal drugs or fake money on the marketplace, which would be the only reason to actually use a decentralized marketplace>developer will most likely cash out and disappear once he can sell his coins at 0.10$literally a pyramid coin, no thanks
FUDBOT
this is my fav PnD shitcoin, always hits near 1k sats before it dumps to jew change
What does this even do/ I'm too lazy to look up the whitepaper so someone shill me.
If i like it ill buy 10k worth
kek, thought I was the only one taking advantage of this
I can't comprehend how this coin stays under 1k while having an actual product that is miles ahead of any of the current competition.
This is far superior decentralized marketplace with real merchants backing them.Besides the name of the coin syscoin is superior in every way.Why are you pajeets shill this?
no thats exactly what this thread is about.
its pajeet trash.
a true decentralized market wouldn't be able to be shut down, running on decentralized nodes
no different than scamazon, except way less convenient
It has the same issue with moderators being able to disable markets.
I don't know why this is a massive issue.
Bitbay is trying to be the next ebay, not silkroad
Why less convenient?
The syscoin webversion will be as developers say "grandma friendly".
BAY threads die within 20 posts.
What could that possibly say about the coin?
ok but seriously, syscoin, particl, safex, Confido, OpenBazaar.. so many alternatives, and we have to see threads about this centralized, censored piece of trash ran by a crazy scammer every day?
Half of them don't even work
at least we don't get spammed with threads about them EVERY FUCKING DAY.and openbazaar works great.
People want to be reassured that they didn't buy into a pump and dump shitcoin.Other than when we pumped during the p&d, there's only one thread ever at a time.
Link has 10 every hour
lists a bunch of shitcoinsshut the fuck up nigger you clearly have no clue what you're talking about
bagholders getting triggered right here.yeah they're all shitcoins and bitbay is the shittiest of em, fuckin faggot, stay poor.
have fun bagholding!
lol idiot i made 140% the other day it pumped and its going to pump again bitch stay poor
We don't need this stoneage tech.
We need Link.
a true Oracle.
Cool story.
You were able to follow a trend that lasted what ?
2-3 days?
GTfo.
Still a shit investment.
Where is it at now?
LOL anyone with a brain saw this pump coming.
There will be another in 1 day, then another in a week or so.
There will be a big one in early december as well.
yeah we believe you.
you magically timed it perfectly.
yeah, for sure!