These guys are doing an AMA on Reddit in about 7 hours.
Will it have any effect on the price?They have a pretty good product, but have done zero marketing and have no exposure.
Surely it deserves a higher cap than its current 40mil.
This will be top 5 coin in 3-5 years
Im 5btc in it @ 7800.Its a good hodl
it should be at least triple the MC right now, and they should have partnerships announcements coming soon.
I hope their marketing team is up to task, because this is a leading coin technologically speaking.
Why this over sia, golem, and skycoin??
Bags are heavy
Look at the founder credentials
Sia does completely different thing.
Golem team is incopetent and RLC is already ahead of them
AMA tonight, partnerships days away, dapp store release in 1 month and still out of top 100.
I don't get it
Holding both this and Golem but considering dumping golem cause I have literally heard nothing from them since forever.
It will DUMP hard a few hours before the AMA.
This is not going to dump lmfao.
It can't go any lower idiot
sia does something different"Sia is a new approach to cloud storage platforms.
Instead of all datacenters being owned and operated by a single company, Sia opens the floodgates and allows anyone to make money by renting out their hard drive.
Data integrity is protected using redundancy and cryptography.
"From their website.Is that not the same thing as RLC, dCloud?
It already had a big dump after the devcon; this isn't going to happen as it pretty much can't be dumped from where it's at now.
I highly doubt it.
It is at an ATL in BTC value.
Worst case it continues to hover around 7-8k sats for further weeks
RLC is not cloud storage but distributed cloud computing platform
My understanding is that sia = cloud storage, rlc = cloud computing and gnt = decentralized supercomputer
4245314I suggest you sell your bags before the interview.
Look at what happened to XLM just before the interview.
Dont be deluded.
DUMP NOW
Sia is just storage, this is an application cloud, golem is close but they don't have a product yet and they are focusing on 3D rendering while iexec is focusing on providing offchain computation for Dapps.
"Decentralized supercomputer' is bullshit marketing, they will never be able to do that.
How does this compare to powerledger?
GNT plans to do storage and computing, though, no?
I thought RLC could do both as well.
No storage planned.
Golem planned a lot of things, but what they havent planned is that they will be a team made of faggots and goths that can't even deliver brass 5 months past their own deadline
I WANT MY MONEY BACK YOU SHIT FUCK
No it never does
WHO TOOK YOUR MONEY SHIT FUCK
Don't be deluded.
Who normal would sell this?Are you for real when you compare XML with RLC?You are trying to spread FUD.
https://www.reddit.com/r/iexec/duplicates/7besol/the_official_iexec_ama_ask_me_anything_november_8/For once all the plebbitors here will be useful, upvote.
primed and ready to go