>sell your BTC at an ATH price>wait till the EDA for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>sell BCH for a huge premium>buy BTC at a huge discountThis man is a genius.
Fuck
really he is and i respect him
not so genius i would do the same with his power.
only idiots dont see logic op
recipe for normie money
'Fuck your mother if you want to fuck' - Wu
I'm happy you will lose a lot from this
ugh, how do we kill him biz
I don't even hold BTC or BCH, retardinio
while FUDing BTC hardexcept he hasn't been, he even said that BCH shouldn't be called the new BTC on his twitter.
you core shills are getting really delusional at this point
You mean he's scum.
Isn't it illegal to pump a coin you are holding.
Then you will lose even more, it seriously isn't too late.
So you are poor
No you retard
tfw when BTC is just a huge scam totransfer money from dumb rich western NEETS to a new generation of ambitious young Chinese entrepreneurs.
thinking chinese bugs have a sense of honor or integrityHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
cause Jihan's twitter surely resembles his actual thoughts and opinions and he has absolutely no other way to FUD BTC, which, as I already said, I'm not holding at the moment.
Yeah, I came to a Nigerian shitcoin trading congregation website to shill a 100b market cap coin.
Crypto is still the wild wild west of finance.
For normies it is an evil they cannot comprehend, let alone combat.
You misspelled scumbag
geniusNo doubt about that.
The real question for us normies is:>Who's gonna win?
If they lose, when are they giving up?At the time of the fork they tried their best to cause a flippening, bch reaching .3btc at ath.
When their pockets started to run dry, they counted their losses and crawled back into their dens, bch dumping back to shit as a result.Right now btc is at its most vulnerable (s2x flopped, huge pump without correction), and they know it.
The king is under a chink siege.>BCH price predictions?I think at least 0.4 (higher than old ath).
If they flop too soon this time no one will ever take bch seriously again.
the uglier someone is, the more they have to resort to MUH INTELLIGENCE to get ahead in life.jihan is an ugly manlet with a skinnyfat body so he needs to keep hustling to make $billion$ and afford the finest japanese geishas.if he were a chad he'd be outside playing rugby and girls would get wet just by seeing him shirtless.
chads don't need to fuck around with wealth-maxxing...they can already bang a billionaire heiress any time.
I hate Jihan Wu but this is absolutely fucking genius.This is what you idiots get for trying to chase pump and dumps quick cash instead of playing the long game.
Every single one of you Pajeet fuckheads looking to chase measly short term profits hopefully learned a fucking valuable lesson today.
The tears are so delicious.
Thats what you get for trying to pump and dump on what is possibly the most revolutionary technology we have seen in our generation, if not an entire lifetime.
And here these idiots are treating it like a cheap North Las Vegas casino.Learn from this day: Buy and fucking HOLD, you fucking morons.
Getting ahead in life by using solely your intelligence is, to me, very respectable.
Dont bother trying to predict this shit.
These guys are major market makers, they more or less are able to control the markets regardless of crowd sentiment, and there is a lot going on behind the scenes that you and I dont know about and will never know about.
The worst thing you can do is try and chase quick pumps during what is essentially an all out war between major market makers.
Buy and hold into some worthwhile Alt-Coins or if you are too much of a pussy then just put all your holdings into USDT until things fizzle out.
Almost correct.Here's the even more genius way it happens that will make him even more money:>conspire with other big dick miner oligarchs for concerted action>sell your BTC at an ATH price>wait till the EDA for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>accumulate more over months, leading toe the 300-600 rise.>use rest of BTC to pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>cause cautious people to become afraid and sell their BTC for USD or ETH>cause opportunists to go hard into BCH>watch total uncomfirmed transactions on the BTC blockchain rise to a high level>when BCH has reached a high price and the market fears a flippening and is already in flgiht from BTC and his own BTC stores are low, take the ladder out from under BTC by putting all hash power on mining BCH so BTC networks stalls completely as if the massive transaction queue isn't already enough>cause flippening for real>make out of this with more than 14X gains on average because he also had those mining gains from back then and now they are tenfold valuable.>spin it all as being political and because BCH is the best bitcoinBiggest heist of all time.
Brilliant, genius.
i didn't say it wasn't respectable, but i would add that it's best to find balance between smarts and strength.someone who is getting ahead using 100% pure intelligence but lacking physical and social strength will still appear as a weak faggot, e.g.
look at how people tend to mock zuckerberg and bill gates.a good example of someone who balances smarts and strength is Trump, even though he doesn't look "physically" strong in terms of muscles.
or perhaps compare jason statham vs. brendan fraser.
one guy is enjoying life with a hot younger girl and continued success whilst the other one is now a living meme as someone who got btfo by divorce/alimony.it's pretty clear that jihan is smart in money-making via intelligence and playing the long-game, which is fine, but he's still an ugly fucker who probably has to pay for sex.if he's SMART he is paying for high-end hookers, and not getting into a relationship with some cunt who will stress him out.all the more power to ugly fuckers who can play the game well, that's not the problem.
the problem is when they are smart in tech, but get fucking cucked in other aspects, which in the end is bad for all of us....if roasties can extract wealth from betafags, then that devalues our currency.i read about how some bitch got a $1mil payout because the CEO of an investment firm squeezed her ass....so that's a case of someone who was smart in finance but dumb in personal affairs...now some cunt gets $1mil which devalues the value of $1mil if you get my line of thinking.this is why we have to keep chasing higher and higher amounts of wealth...because the wealth is leaking out and getting devalued.
sadly,pretty accurate
"when in doubt, stay out"
Wtf I hate trading now
Well he's gotta make up for his losses somehow, also, does anyone have a the pic of him sitting down and looking very disappointed?
It's so priceless.
Took control of the BCH and BTC AND the largest mining poolThis guy is more like PR speakerThereare bigger brains behind itNevertheless, fucking power moveGotta respect
BCH DOESN'T NEED EDA ANYMORE>REMOVE EDA FROM BCH SO MINING BCH IS PROFITABLE>ENJOY THESE ENORMOUS GAINS AND STILL GET PROFITS FROM MININGtopkekif this happens, then that's truly the biggest heist of them all
yeah so he predicted BX2 would fail and invested a shit ton in mining gear for BCH in anticipation of it?
sure sure
WHat if the chinse goverment is behind it and faking the Bitcoin ban so they dont look suspicious.own 90% of BTC unban BTCGoal Full power to china in a future wealth asset
He is buying the brandIf BTC tanks no one will trust any crypto to put their lifetime savings intoBCH wouldnt reach the previous levels of BTCHe will take the BTC over and pump it into those 10 or 100k levels - accumulate one the biggest wealth pools
Remember that BX2 was an agreement between big dick miners and pool owners to begin with.
Most of them never planned to go through with it.
It was smoke and mirrors and they were in league with him to begin with.
Big if true.
Maybe Jihan will gimme some coins if I fuck my mother on cam for him.
Lifetime savings don't matter.
Business adoption matters.
No matter the temporary reputation damage caused by miner politics, crypto will survive due to its utility and the efficiency gains it will provide in many industries.If the flippening doesn't happen with BTC being overtaken by BCH, it will be ETH when POS comes.
If happens now with BCH, then it's not unlikely that another flippening will happen within 1-4months where ETH overtakes BCH.
unlikely that another flippening will happen within 1-4months where ETH overtakes BCHThis
Tinfoil /thread
then expect people leaving this fucked up market where there is new king every month, all there will be left is goona be whales speculators, no more easy money from normies
This technology is actually pretty fucking old but I see your point
4288936guys no crypto can't even compare to bitcoin, not even ethereum, last "hack" cost 200M, this kind of unreliable tech has no future in regards of mass adoption
This last "hack" was the equivalent of a vault manufacturer making a bad vault that jammed when subjected to certain outside stimuli, locking the money inside.
That wouldn't mean whatever was in the vault is shit.
Lazy garbo parity coders.
The funds can probably be retrieved in the next fork by editing the destroyed library that the now locked and useless wallets call on.
Shouldn't be too hard.I'm leaning towards being in favor of that not happening though.
Parity and people who used parity could be an example that one should never trust poorly checked financial software.
They didn't even have a bug bounty.
Industry standards for security are emerging.