*slays your dragon*
Looks like the dragon is going to be eating well:Dhttps://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/bitcoin-developer-about-take-mining-hardware-industry/
THE KING OF CRYPTO
So by that they meant they have to take down the other new miner hardware?I don't get it
Cool story bro
He's scared and the chinese gov is probably pressuring him to kill Bitcoin before this happens.
They want Bitcoin controlled.The chinese government banned crypto exchange, but they let miners go free?
Yeah right.
shiiiii
Slay your dragon if you want to slay.
*fucks my mom*
so Killing bitcoin is to slay the dragon?he can't kill bitcoin, the most he can do is harm himself by trying.
Harm himself?
How?He became trillionaire thanks to all this drama.
To harm BTC he would have to point all his miners at BCH, and mine at a huge loss for a long time.Basically lose millions of dollars.This is the only way he can harm BTC He could also turn off his miners, but then that's even more harmful to himself.
and mine at a huge loss for a long timeHe can afford that.
If he can kill btc he can recover that and become 99999x richer.
*slays your dragon*the fuck is this Game of Thorns bullshit
Today on a new episode of "btc will die this time.
For real."
he can't afford free electricity for weeks, or else he would be mining it with all his pools right now.And he's not going to kill BTC anyways, it would only make him lose even more money
but yeah, 17$ fee and a 1hr wait with still no confirmations ain't working for normies for much longer.Dragon is already doing a Sudoku
Everyone on the bch team is super millionaire dude they can.
it's just cheesy chinese crap
if you paid $17 you overpaid BY A LOTcurrently 5 satoshi/byte transactions are going through, that should be less than half a dollar for most transactions
Yeah.
Idk why they didn't realize this before all this drama.
Waiting 1 day and paying crazy fees is retarded.
Even litecoin is Better.
I paid $0.30 for a BTC transaction yesterday.
No problems confirming
if he kills BTC a very large number of people won't switch to BCC and will instead exit crypto angrily and his hardware will be worth a lot less or even nothing at all
and mine at a huge loss for a long time.maybe compared to mining btc.
It's not like he wouldn't still be profitable.
you don't seem to be old enough to be in this board.Do you know what cost of opportunity is?
You don't get it, if he succeeds, BCH will be referred as BTC Everywhere and the btc we have now will be called bitcoin legacy or something like that.
Bitcoin Classic
not gonna happen
This is not the median transaction fee.
You don't seem to get it.
Just because BCH takes the BTC ticker does not mean that all BTC magically becomes BCH.
There will be hundreds of billions of dollars worth of "bags" of BTC.
It will take years and years before Crypto can regain the trust of the masses.
The "flippening" would set the whole thing (including BCH) back to the stone age.