Libertas and Aero darknet markets are encouraging users to transact with Monero instead of Bitcoin, due to high fees and Bitcoins traceability
nice just sold 100kfucking druglords
There have been several arrests as law enforcement was able to trace Bitcoin transactions and find the users identity.
This is huge news for Monero, I can't believe the price is only $140 with scam coins like dash are almost 500 bucks
Not cool bro
Fuck it.
I just went all in.
If it is actually being used to transfer value in any way it's going to grow in value in no time.
Sitting 40% in Monero, 30% in actual USD $ and just joined the deluded Arkies with 20%, another 10% is sitting in ADRD and so should you in decemberfeeling comfy af
Wow if only all the degenerates of the world were savvy enough to use Monero.
Enjoy your black market organs and fentanyl
just bought 100 xmr, looks like its about to pop any day now
Look at it's global hash power... Monero --> 259 MH/s.
Bitcoin --> 9.767 EH/sCome back when you on the ExaHash level bro...
come back when you stop getting arrested for using a transparent ledger
enjoy your black market organsIs this supposed to be an insult?I recently have obtained the heart and liver of a ripe male in his prime, I will live forever on healthy youthful 3rd world organs while your body rots internally and you desperately wait for labgrown organs that will be reserved for the super rich.
I'm a law abiding family man.
I'm more worried about the govt trying to take my guns.
I'm just holding my crypto, not much to see there.
Just went 50% in on MoneroRemember bitcoin started out by being widely used on the Silk Road
holy fucking top keknow give me all your moneros
comparing hashrates of two completely different algorithms
the only comfy hold during that disaster
Moonero is probably the only coin where it isnt consistently shit on by /biz/.
That alone says something
comparing btc to xmr...>comparing any algorithm to any other algorithm...eth hash rate with 6 rx480 = 180,000,000 h/sxmr hash rate with 6 rx480 = 4,380 h/s