I have 1 BTC to spend.
I can't afford to lose it.Do I just cash it out?
Or gamble it on a shitcoin and get 10x?
I think this is the hottest chick on biz in the last several weeks
Buy Bitcoin Cash and own multiple bitcoins
you're losing it right now in terms of the underlying value.
the incompetent reddit core devs are pissing it all away
Would I be retarded for buying a bunch of bitbean?
It's been going sideways at 30-40 sat throughout the bitcoin altpocalypse and now this insanity recently.
Does that mean it'll be fine longer term?
Or me buying it would make it go back to 1 sat
Frankly, nobody here knows shit.
Will Bitcoin recover?
Will it fail?
I honestly don't even understand WHY it's dumping.Let me explain what I do know.
approx.
2 weeks ago, Bitcoin reach an ATH of 7800 and predictions were that it would broach 10,000 by EOY.
At the same time, there was serious uncertainty because of segwit2x, something I'm still to lazy to investigate but as I understand it would have been making 'improvements' to the 'blockchain' and 'render' 'bitcoin' 'redundant'.
This uncertainty led most, including myself, to believe that before BTC achieved a new ATH, it would dump first, particularly at the fork of segwit2x, because people would be betting for and against the two.
After a bit of time, we would see who was the victor by which climbs to new ATHs.Then S2x was cancelled, and so whatever supposed 'improvements' may have come from it, were no longer coming.
And a couple days later, as it seemed BTC was rallying, it turns out BTC would dump, to about 6000 (frankly my expected dump floor) while BCH, another BTC fork that intended to solve the problems of BTC, started climbing to a new ATH.I imagine it's because the market thinks BCH has what it takes to be viable in the future.
I wouldn't know DESU.
Maybe, it's doing what the s2x thing wanted to do anyway, in which case, why the sudden change?
Maybe, everyone is just frightened about BTCs future and decided they would go to the next best thing.If someone would like to explain, please do.
Cuz personally, besides this low aligning with my predictions, I actually don't know what caused it, as the original presumptions have now changed, and so I can say this 6k floor is for reasons unknown to me.
Buy epy for that 10x.
You're welcome.
unironically even considering buying bitbeanjust cash out asap.
the more time you waste, the more bitcoin loses its value.
What's wrong with bitbean retard?
You can't even argue against what I said; it's steady at 40 sat even though bitcoin has gone from 4k to 7k in a month.
It was 13 sat in april, where many people here bought in.
did you miss it?
are you angry still?
Can't really offer any explanations, but if it can help you I distinctly remember around a week ago someone here was recommending getting BCH in case the fork fails.
There were also people commenting about massively betting against the fork, but again can't really offer any details.
Is there any good searchable archive here?
Anyway, the point is some people were able to prepare for this mess, so there must be a method in this madness.
found the amerifat.
Put it on black
Whitw bois cant handle that....THICCCCC
look at DRP
HOW DO I FUCK HER
4306968Let me offer you some advice.
You, me, and 99% of biz, twitter, and reddit are completely in the dark when it comes to this market's behavior.
There are, however, a few whales that run in powerful circles and are privy to this information.
They DO post here to throw scraps to the normies, but not often.
You have to weed through the shit to find when THEY are speaking.
Here's a hint, if they sound collected, intelligent, and stay away from using biz memes and other stupid bullshit, it's a higher chance of someone you should hear out.
One doesn't feel the need to talk too much when they're holding all the cards, so look for those who act that way.