Hello, i have a "SMALL" problem, i know that i had bitcoin walled and i have some bitcoin in there, i don't know how much, but i know i have it.Long story shortIn about 2010-2011 i get interested in bitcoin, downloaded the wallet, later on i get some bitcoins from some kind of websites (some advertising websites, click an ad and get bitcoin).Later that year, my pc broke down, because of power supply fault.
I get it fixed, but also i rewrite my windows.I have my HDD, i tried to recover bitcoin wallet, but unsuccessfully.
I found the wallet files but there is no wallet.dat file.I check it out and it turn out i have beta version wallet, maybe the wallet file was in different name?
?How the hell can i get it back?I am willing to donate half of my coins if somebody will help my out, and it will work.
if you were using bitcoin core with wallet.dat it should still be in Users/UserName/AppData/Bitcoin and if your wallet.dat file isn't there then maybe it didn't exist.
You may have also backed up or exported your private key in a text file but that could be named anything.
Good luck OP!
text file?
You could try to search a string (this is an assortment of letters) in all of your files on the PC.
Wallet.dat is stored in the "bitkeys" format, so no luck finding a piece of text there, but you could maybe try to generate another wallet.dat and search for a fragment of it on your PC.https://www.howtogeek.com/99406/how-to-search-for-text-inside-of-any-file-using-windows-search/
Yes but you most likely would have remembered doing it because it's not a process done in the GUI AFAIK.
Did the Bitcoin folder exist in your AppData?
Did you run a blanket search on the old HDD for wallet.dat?
Are you positive you were using Bitcoin Core as your wallet?
Yes, im on other pc, just connecting my old hdd and i make screenshot of the folder, give me 5min
What I'm saying is that if the wallet.dat file isn't in that Bitcoin folder then your chances get slimmer.
It could either be A) You installed bitcoin over that wallet.
B) You moved the wallet C) The wallet never existed.
If it's A or B though, there's a slim chance that you may be able to recover the files.
I would not use that old HDD anymore and put them through a file recovery software such as EaseUS Recovery Software(I've used it multiple times and it does work).
Best of luck OP
When i get my bitcoins i know i checked them in blockchain and i saw the transaction by my wallet address
Then I would say you have a good chance of recovering through data recovery tools.
Do not use your old HDD at all if you have searched for wallet.dat and not found it.
Any further use puts the chances lower and lower.
I don't know how much use the failing HDD has taken since the wallet went missing but if I was you I would unhook it until you get the software ready.
Let me know how it turns out
i didnt use my old pc (with old hdd) for 4-5 years, i just take it out from my old pc, anfd searched it for 2-3 times when i get idea on maybe how i can recover them
Hi sir.Need some help retrieving your wallet?
yes
Then try the data recovery software I mentioned.
You might have luck with that.
i am scanning now :D
good luck, let me know if you get anything
earlier i used other programs to scan hdd, i found something that time, but it was newer wallet file, i tried all of them to open in bitcoin program
Best of luck!
Here is my BTC address if it is fruitful and you feel like delivering.
Either way I hope your wallet is found!
(I found my old wallet this way as well)1D2J9SD7SMePmRqKYu9iFN3Ktc4zAidUmS
I hope this anon find his wallet and keeps his word, I want to believe there is still decency in this godforsaken place.
I WANT TO BELIEVE!!!!
if i found them with your program i will definitely send you half of them :) because programs i used before didnt find anything good
0ofc i will, just need to find it..
And what I was saying before is that you could have dumped your private key but you would have done it in the debug console.
My only thinking is you may not remember moving your wallet before the computer finally died or maybe even encrypting it.
But we can hope that it was simply deleted/moved from the folder and the tool can recover it.
maybe my wallet address was save in any file (in old version)?
so could check it on blockchain?
for now i can just find wallet.ccp file