Can we have an actual serious discussion about the state of this little bitch?
its up just like eveything else, come back in 2 years
Its the most promising long term hold so far since ETH.
You have to be a total brainlet to believe the FUD.
kinda mad that it went up.
Was gonna go all in after the fork, but that never happened and now i missed out on some serious gainz :(
dumb icon
The only thing that keeps me going is that HCL tweeted about this a few days ago.
I want to believe there's something there
Sure what do you want to know
It's a soon-to-be dead coin
What's there to discuss?
Ticket to lambo land.
Either take it or don't.
The team needs to get their shit together Zero communication and when it finally comes there's nothing to it.
How hard is it to spend a couple minutes on Twitter every few days?
Why haven't they given that rory fag access to the smartcontract.com twitter instead of just using slack and slack alone.
muh zero communication FUD
OC

source pls
twitter nigga, you heard of it?
kek
muh in so emotionally invested in an erc20 token that I refuse to acknowledge the facts
What is there to say?
Isn't the token useless but the tech gold?
No, that's just more stupid FUD
Why would they need to communicate with the community to shill their coin when multi-billion dollar companies will do it for free?
Honestly this.
Just hoping the hype of some big announcement will drive the price up anyway like with OMG.
No bank will want to buy or handle a proprietary coin
This is actually the only thing holding the price down.
Nobody knows what's going on in terms of development and people will obviously assume the worst if you're not willing to do the most basic things when it comes to communication.Rory said they are discussing about delivering bi-weekly updates in the future, but who knows when that will be, knowing these guys not before 2018.Just like Ripple right?
chainlink is bad!!
sirgay should post selfies with a skateboard with SWIFT sticker on it in front of JP Morgannnn!!!!
!