A lot of Bitfinex users complaining they can't get their money from the exchange.
Looking more Gox by the minute yallhttp://archive.is/jr7xi
Why are you people so slow...give it a day or two and the exchange will shutdown for an "update" or some bullshit.Guys better pull out of all exchanges ASAP
wtfffff
Is coinbase OK?
Many warnings last night.
Freaky shit.
Oh I'm sure it'll be fine.Sure.
i got mine
They are probably the only exchange I'd trust the most.
Granted going to your own paperwallet or hard wallet is the safest.>avoid mobile wallets as an exploit was shown on Android to record keystrokes and screenshot without the user knowing
I've been waiting like 3 hours for a small ETH transferFuck bitfinex, exit scam imminent
If you didn't see this coming, you're not reading enough cause people been talking about it since saturday
It was so obvious, lmao.I'm glad I got my coins out on time last Sunday.
How deep will the dip be ?7500 ?
6000 ?
4500 ?
Why FUD?
Why would they exit, do you even know how much they earn of fees, and they would go to prison for long long time if that would happen.
I'm out completely, I fucking hope it dips hard but that's just me
We already had the dip you retard
How do we know that this in't fud astroturfing?
A group could easily spam /r/Bitfinex with these threads.You can shit on tether all you want, but the other side of the story is that people can profit off of spreading FUD too.
on Reddit some goy has $25000 entrappedlooks like a class 4 cucking, niggers are in the room, fucking your wife, stepping on your dog, its bad fellas
There are certainly people overusing the tether problem as a FUD tool to crash BTC, but you have to be totally ignorant to not see that the Bitfinex/USDT fraud is true.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
We don't.
But keep this is starting to feel REAL sketchy.
the exit fomo itself is likely responsible
nice try NSA
This is exactly what happened just before Cryptsy turned out to be insolvent, and I lost my 3.5 BTC.My withdrawal transaction was pending for almost a week and then the cuck CEO started spewing his lies about why he had to steal our coinsI have trouble trust any exchange any more...unfortunately they're a neccessary evil when trying to catch the next moon coinAny recommendations on an exchange that isn't likely to rob me would be appreciated
I would say Bittrex but SEC and Binance is Chinks.Stick to ED and wait for more DEXs.
Bitflyer, they're nips.And ethnic nips to boot, no stealth gook or chink.Awesome support.Gdax/coinbase have governmental cock deep in its ass, so despite being a bunch of literal kikes it makes them somewhat trustworthy, and they have a good track record.Shit/no support.Don't know about the others.
We still need to retest the breakout at $1300
I did't ask for ballsfondling or to be whispered sweet nothings into my ear, but an estimate.
I guess this makes me feel better about being kicked off with all the other Americans.
I've had my stuff out of Bitfinex for a month nowIf Bitfinex really were to go down that could send us into many months of down trend as we slowly fade out with an eventual bottom at 1300 before we begin creeping up again and eventually pump to 20k or more
May Moloch hear you.
I would advise everyone to get their money out of that shithole.
u have been warned .screencap this
aaand its starting.
Mt GOX v.2
>mfw holding alts and no BTC
Alts will crash along with BTC if the crash happens.
what matter is the ratio with btc.
Doesnt matter about USD
But BTC will never have the same market dominance once everything starts pumping again.
If its true that Tether is inflating bitcoin massively then the "store of value" meme which BTC heavily relies on is dead.
4484926If BTC crashes EVERYTHING crashes you dimwits.
Nobody gives a fuck about alts in BTC value because everybody is cashing out for FUCKING FIAT.
So the money gets drained.
Alts always die when BTC is not stable - in both USD and BTC value.
Will you say the same if BTC crashes to let's say 500$ and gets more and more abandoned?
No, they won't.
The crypto market is much more than just BTC nowadays, if BTC crashes 25% of normalfags will panic cash out in FIAT but the rest will get into other crypto.On the other hand if it happens, BTC is dead, completely dead.
There are many much better coins around now, much faster and cheaper, BTC can't take a MtGox2.0 nowadays, it would kill the coin and something else would take its place.
Hopefully it does happen, it's about time for the greatest shitcoin of all to be put to rest.
spotted the pajeet
Just finished pulling all my coins out of buttrex into paper wallets>Sipping peppermint mocha while exchanges go belly up>Portfolio nearing ath againI'm pretty comfy lads
Oh ya guis just like with 130mm being Frozen in eth.
Niqqa only reason mtgox happened was cause it was the only amd oldest fucking exchange.Now you have multiple.
Plus everyone who didn't pull out of that exchange IS A DUMB KIKE.
once everything starts pumping againThat's not going to happen anytime soon and could possibly never happen.
A major BTC crash will send crypto straight into a nuclear winter it very well might never recover from.
Is bitfinex the one where they kicked out americans?
Yes.
Note that Bitfinex made 25 million dollars yesterday alone and over 300 million in the last month.
Not sure this doom and gloom scenario is real...
>Taiwan-based>already been hacked>can't withdraw USDWhy would anyone use this
My withdraw was completed, even though it was 0.03 BTC.
Stop fudding.
Top KEK!!!!!
I sold all my alts on Bitfinex and bought MONERO, then sent my MONERO FAST AS HELL to my private wallet, safe from the IMMINENT BANKRUN WHEN BITFINEX COLLAPSES.
I'm glad I did this 4 days ago already, when I saw the first signs of the Tethercrisis unfold.
I can't believe all the stupid drooling retards who actually believe they can withdraw fiat from Bitfinex.
Bitstamp has a Banking license in Luxembourg and are audited regularly by PriceWaterHouseCoopers.
Bitstamp is the only crypto-exchange to have a banking license and is thus backed up by the European Central Bank with deposit guarantees of up to 100 000 EUR for every customer.
This
Besides the fact that they give all your info to the IRS, yes they are trustworthy
Guys, how can i withdraw fiat from bitfinex?
ltc withdrawal finished in less then 5 minutesbut monero still processing after 30 minutesdamn
what makes you think you can?
if it's not a lot and you're lucky, maybe you will be able to do it.XDDDDDDD
MFW the only reason bitfinex can keep withdrawals open is by handing out Roger Ver's 10,000 BTC which he sent there the other day
'Muh safe haven from volatility'
I sold based on this fud, pls spread
So glad I sold my last IOTA bag Saturday and sent the resulting ETH to a private address.
Crypto moves so fast.
One day you secondguess yourself for selling due to red flags while everything is mooning, and just two days later you're vindicated.
How's bittrex my dudes?
You click on each individual name making these threads and you see if their post history seems legit.
It's tedious work, but that's what it takes (if you're genuinely interested in the truth and not clinging to unsubstantiated hope it's just fud).Tried a couple accounts myself, they seem real.
Big if small
They have a large exposure to USDT.Their "office" is a random home apartment.People WITH 2FA enabled randomly lost their coins from "hacks" specific to bittrex during a time period going back a good 6 months.
Meager amounts (low thousands), but with a consistency suggesting an inside job.A Bitfinex/USDT collapse would affect them as well, and if their finances suffer too much I wouldn't put it beyond them to exit scam.Don't entrust them with any money you can't afford to lose.
4485825That being said, Bittrex's risk profile isn't bad as Poloniex or Bitfinex.
Bittrex employees have a relative public presence compared to the other two, and their methodology can suggest incompetence more than malevolence.
FUD.
All user accounts were created less than a day ago
Top exchanges uses tether.
If bitfinex goes down.
All of them will go down.
That’s why you only invest in 1 sat coins now.
How much of this year’s gains were the result of USDT?
I’m wondering if BTC is gonna get completely nuked
I've been using bitfinex since 2015.Withdrawals can take up to 24 hours to process.
Usually done within 2 hours though.I can imagine with all this FUD spam that the withdraw queue is massive
Dunno, but USDT-USD is slowly falling, at .975 now on kraken.
6 hours waiting now for a tiny ETH withdrawalShould I be worried?
This.
It's just FUD induced panic.
It will recover.
If bitcoin could survive gox in it's early days it can survive anything.
Doesn't mean exchanges won't crash and take everyone's money with it but if you can get ur coins off exchange you will be fine.
It will be a winter thought, that I agree with.
2 years of measly gains and nothing but accumulation.
Which isn't so bad if you missed the first one.
Most will, but not all.
I suspect alts like XRP which already sees 60% of it's trade volume in FIAT instead of BTC to weather the storm better and recover faster.
yes
Just take tethers lol
the exchange that shuts down peoples accounts when they send bitcoin to 'bad people' is the one you trust the most
That's why you buy only ALTS that are trading to ETH or other mains.Like FunFair
True, but coinbase is FDIC insured and there's definitely legal recourse you can take if they fuck you.
Same ECB that is considering to withdraw those guarantees.
Bullshit.
Bitocin is a dying idea but blockchain itself is near to real world use and will work without Bitcoin.Best what can happen to blockchain tech and blockchain startups is a dead Bitcoin
blockchainBlockchain is literally just a ledger.
There are no entity that needs it when they already have one they use that works.The features blockchain have that those ledgers doesn't can be easily applied to ledgers themselves.Most of the hype surrounding blockchain tech is just fluff.
The only good thing blockchain gave the world is an open source ledger system that is almost free to set-up that you can easily apply to what you want it to be applied to.
Also modifiable to be centralized/decentralized/etc but other than that, it's just a ledger.
other than it’s revolutionary world changing feature it’s nothing specialWew lad
withdrew everything from bitfinex ytd nightshit i knew it
There's zero reason for Bittrex to take a few thousand dollars from their customers with an inside job when they take 0.25% of every transaction.
They make millions, why the fuck would they do that.
revolutionary world changing featurememe
quick cash
HAHAHAHAHAHAdeluded
This is the dumbest post
Kek
A few thousand dollars PER INSTANCE.
There has been dozens of reports on just 4chan, ditto for bitcointalk, reddit...
If you extrapolate that by 10, and that's a conservative estimate, you're already close to a cool mil.
"Bittrex" is not a hivemind, any employee on a wage could have motivation to use a backdoor.
The other explanation would be that a mysterious hacker manages to trick bittrex and only bittrex users, as there is never any similar report for polo, liqui, even yobit, which would signal some systemic failure from bittrex.
So, malevolence or incompetence, take your pick.
44860028 hours nowWhere can I sue ?
you're either trolling or just retarded
but if you're genuine then i'd suggest you just wait, and get more verified in the future.I just withdrew 1000 eth about an hour and a half ago and it took an hour to process
Screencapped.
NORMIES READ THIS IF SUDDENLY YOU START SEEING POSTS WITH SUPPORT TICKET EMAILS WHERE PEOPLE ACTUALLY COMPLAINT ABOUT WITHDRAWALS AND YOU SEE THAT THE TEAM ANSWER DOESN'T ADDRESS THE PROBLEM, THEN PANICIF YOU SEE REDDIT SPAMMED THEN IT'S PAID FUD TO CRASH BTC BEFORE THE REAL MOON MISSIONBE SMART MONEY IS ON THE TABLE
There was no hack of the tether, This was Bitfinex offloading some of its tether debt my refusing to honour its commitments to legitimate customers.
It is not enough to stop it from failing though.NOw they are just buying time while they try and collect enough revenue to make up for their own greed.
(They were investing themselves with the tether assets that should have been held in a trust account, and either made bad decisions of have their investments locked in)
Wouldn't it be so easy for them to cut back on personal gains and slowly pay it off with their transaction fees?
This is a coordinated attack against finex/crypto/btc.
Who has the best Motive to do that?
How about binance?
being an amerishart
IS IT HAPPENING??
?SELL SELL SELL SELL
What is a paper wallet?
Like an external hardrive you store coins on?
Why is using something like coinbase bad?
the exchange backed by the federal government is not safeits the safest
bitfinex kicked out americans to avoid the inevitable IRS SEC FBI disaster
A paper wallet is a cold wallet that can be created and restored using only a collection of words that you can write down on a piece of paper.
So you generate the wallet, write down the wallet seed (apple defeat question...) and at any time any place you can restore the wallet with full access.You could simply keep the already generated (and hopefully encrypted with a password) wallet on a USB if you'd like.The advantage of storing things long term in a cold wallet is that no one but you has access or control over your coins.
If they're sitting on an exchange they can be hacked, deleted, you could be banned and lose access etc, at any time.
No one can take a cold wallet from you.
But you have to back it up properly because there's NO recovery.
chinksim debating getting off of there now
A paper wallet is just a software wallet where you write the key/seed down and don't save anything on the computer
Fucking kek i cant wait for the pink wojaks
shut it down!
!
@
NSA FUD
You've got to print them coins, then fold the paper carefully and there you have your paper wallet
REEEEE 11 hours NO FUCKING BTC
transferring btc You are really stupid.
you can talk to bitfinex and bitmex employee on whalepool TS
You all realize they have about 146,000 BTC in their cold wallet, right?
https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
4487683'Withdrawals are guaranteed to be processed within 12 hours for crypto-currencies/tethers, 1 business day for express wire and 7 business days for wire.
Do not contact support if your withdrawal has not been processed yet but is still within these limits.
'also:>transferring btc
Look at how much is being withdrawn...
4487487approaching 11 hours now, still no ETHBitfinex just killed crypto, fuck these people
4490129REEEEEEEEEE
Should have put it in Monero.
I just transferred some XLM into the exchange.
swapped it for BTC, bought ETH and sent the ETH out to MEW in about 5min.
IDK what you or anybody in this thread is on about.
Oh look more retarded fud At least you aren't posting reddit threads like last night with a single comment saying it took a couple of hours to xfer out of bitfinex, claiming this is proof they've frozen all withdrawals
80% of those accounts are less than a week old
Happened before.
Calm down.Bitfinex worked fine till this day.