>Recently graduated , Bachelor in Comp Sci>Have finished projects, portfolio, GitHub>Apply to over 200 jobs in the past 2 months>No call back, interview, nothingGoing crazy, super depressed, i cant take it anymore i hate this life i try to do one thing right and nothing seems to be working!!!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Should've studied sociology or some shit companies actually value nowadays
post your resume so we can help you.
Recently graduated , Bachelor in Comp ScFound your problem OP, Jobs in the Comp Sci field are hiring Solidity specialists at the moment.
That’s what’s MOOCs are for.
Id keep applying and learn to program smart contracts anon-kun.
What the fuck.
I graduated two years ago.
Make 6 figures.
Countless offer from LinkedIn everyday.
You got a nigger name?
I got 3 offers for software but it took months for them to get back to me after I applied to sit tightAlso what coins should I be buying
OP here, had to get on my desktop instead of phone to post resumeI redacted some parts for privacy
Believe in yourself anon like Christ believes in you.
I recommend praying 2 times a day, morning and night.
Through Him all things are possible.
seriously?I applied to three companies and got a job offer from each - didn't even send a resume, just wrote an email
AH AH AHTIME TO APPLY FOR JOBS WHERE IMMIGRANTS WORK.I APPLIED TO LITERALLY HUNDREDS AND I GOT MAYBE 10 INVITES FOR MORE OF WHICH HALF WEREN'T SERIOUS ANYWAYS.I am so fucking glad I'm not alone in this.
At some point you should give up and start to not care about this anymore, only then will people find you attractive enough to give you a chance.
forgot to add: also a programmer with similar background/education level
Literally did a three month course and now making 50k as software engineer.
Wtf op?
Are you ethnic?
Also I'm looking for the Pic someone posted today with the African tribal dancers where one is fucking the other one in the ass and that last one has link logo on his head
Chad Developer vs Virgin Computer Scientist
Seriously?
man where are you applying, I turn down multiple offers a month.
Well OP... You did intern, right?
Finishing all of those projects and everything is great and all, but companies are looking for people who they know can work on a team within a company.
Sans-serif>Serifthis is why you haven't got called OP, fix the Title "Skills" and you'll get mad calls.
only 200 jobs?
Within my first week i had 1k+ applications out there.
Used to rip a line of coke and spam easy-apply on linkedin.
Use angellist as well (that's how i ultimately got employed).Dont bother posting your shitty resume like  asked, just find someone successful from your uni on linkedin (maybe a few years older) and copy the format on theirs (they probably went to that resume workshop you were always too lazy to go to)Also, no one gives a shit if you know how to insert a node into a binary tree as most of the money is in web dev.
So either you know HTML/CSS/JavaScript for client or you know Python/Ruby/Nodejs for backend.I don't make the rules OP, chin up why don't you
I'm in the same boat, unfortunately there aren't many software jobs where I live, so I'm moving away after Christmas.Anyone got any advice with regard to relocating, I really want to hit the ground running.