If you're not parking your money in BCH this week you are going to be get BTFO.
Why, give reasons plz
Both is being deflated onto by right now.Fuck off you retarded shill.The only good ones on right now are BTC XRP and ETH for the short term.
While I'm also suspicious about Tether causing artificial price movement I don't think there's any reason to anticipate that falling apart next week.
Won't happen for months in my opinion.
implying the FUD fuck BTC anyway + incoming difficulty change where chink miners probably gonna conspire to fuck over BTC again
It's really incredible that one salty nocoiner who sold btc @$1000 can create this level of FUDYes I'm sure that there's no way that 646 million dollars have been put into crypto (220 billion marketcap) this year
 Muh market capHe thinks there's actually 200 billion dollars in the crypto market
Both are being pumped artificially.POWR seems like the only legit coin to park your shit right now.
Right?
I genuinely wish all these people would off themselves already.
There is literally no no buy incentive for BCH until it reaches <$350.
You can actually use that same chart and other things for Bitcoin Cash as wellNo point in tying it to just BTC
ETH for secure parkingLink for extreme money parking (I put gains in here, either make more gains or lose it, who cares?)
You had over 3 months to buy in that price range you absolute pajeet.
Do you really expect a coin that jumped up to .5 BTC is going to fall back down to $350 because you missed the lows?
Keep dreaming.
BCH for 4x gains
Link for extreme money parking (I put gains in here, either make more gains or lose it, who cares?
)A toilet works just as well.
4459480...
Crypto aristocracy here.
I got a nice fat airdrop.
Ditched half of it between 800 and 1900 usd, laughing and not being able to believe my luck as I went.
There was nothing to value bch above 500, so I am waiting it to slowly bleed out to the sub-500 mark over the next 6 months.If circumstqnces change in the meantime, I will of course consider going back in.
But the dearth of new money entering the market makes me unwilling to gamble my own until it is good value for money.
Your no-coiner god shits on bcash as well tardhttps://twitter.com/Bitfinexed/status/931705081212342272
Dude just give up, no one wants your bags, not even the chinese or the koreans .
Bitchcoin decentralised lul, bcore has 10 time as many nodes
*6xGuaranteed.
nodes = decentralizedfucking retard