AHHAHAHAHAHA ARE YOU FAGGOTS READY??!!!
IT WILL HAPPEN THIS WEEK AND 10K NEXTSAY GOODBYE TO YOUR SHITTY ALTS AND BOWN DOWN TO YOUR MASTER
aren't we due for a healthy correction?
>SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR SHITTY ALTSYeah, the alts are already drained.
Even if BTC hits 11k alts will barely move, probably 2% to 10% fluctuations in USD price.
valuing alts in USD instead of BTCNot sure why people do this, almost noone buys crypto to specifically buy an alt.
Most buy alts with BTC they already had to try to increase their bitcoin stack, if they're losing value in BTC you're still losing money..
Takes like a day for an alt to moon and go 2x from the stupidest newsBtc doesn’t randomly spike 2x it’s value overnight
Takes like a day for an alt to moon and go 2x from the stupidest news>Btc doesn’t randomly spike 2x it’s value overnightExactly, BTC holders made like what in the past 3 months?
x2?
If you listened to biz and bought alts, you'd have more than 10x to 20x with NEO and OMG alone.
So many alts fucking mooned even considering their current prices.
Now BTC maximalists are acting so cocky with their x2 in 3 months gains kek.
The alts are all rekt, you are delusional
Uhhh yeah sure lets look at their current prices>OMG at $7>NEO at $39>WTC at $5 i think>Even fucking coins like ETP more than doubled last monthHow much did you gain holding purely BTC in the past 3 months?
Wahhh I've only made 600% hodling btc lemme go cry myself to sleep
Whether or not my Alts are up/down against BTC, Their USD value is the same.
What are you going on about?
My Alts are fine faggot.
Wahhh I've only made 600% hodling btc this YEAR lemme go cry myself to sleepWahhh I've only made 1000% hodling alts in the last 3 MONTHS lemme go cry myself to sleep
Anyone with common sense knows that the entire market is growing.OP is larping.
Lmfao how much are you down from the high?
Feels bad
Lost a large amount of money with the alt dip.
I should have taken profits at the top but still I'm up more than 10x my initial investment.
just email the tether cucks to print more imaginary tokens and you will get your 9k, or even 10k.
it will pop soon after, but there.
valuing BTC in USD