The tranny was just fired from LISK.
Is this why it crashed 20%?
Should be a good buy now that it's a tranny-free coin.
why is it always the cute tranny
kinduh hot
4531284you motherfuckers need jesus
Would.
I'm a fellow LINKmarine too, friend.
I think she (he) would get the dick.
jesus loves everyone
Apparently she called a couple of the team members control freaks and spergs and got removed despite being the main reason lisk has a product
lmao lisk is destroying itselfthe day just gets better and better
"""""""she""""""""
wow lisk is a shit show :/
WhateverThey got rid of the key componenet person in development because their feelings and pride got hurtThis project is going down the toilet
Took like 50 years to finally get retards to shut the fuck up about gay people, and now suddenly they just move all their hate onto trans people.Why do some people feel so insecure about their own gender identity that they have to constantly rip on a minority group in order to assert their normality?Like if you're a man, fine.
If you're a masculine man, fine.
Gay people and trans people aren't taking that away from you.
You don't lose anything through just letting them live their lives.
looks like you took a wrong turn buddy
We should make homosexuality a crime with increasing fines upon further infractions.
Goes for both sides faggotIt isn't just about "tolerating" trans a certain side wants to normalize and support itThere is nothing fine with encouraging mentally ill behavior in children
HOLY TRIPS PRAISE JESUS HALLELUJAH
trips of truthtrannies need to step off
How is it healthier to encourage heteronormativity in a kid that doesn't feel that way?
How is that any better than "forcing" a straight kid to be trans, which never even happens?
Literally all advocates are asking is that people can make that choice and live their lives on their own terms,without samall minded domineering cunts telling them how to live.People blather on about freedom but if you're not going to give other people the freedom to live by their own decisions then you really don't give a fuck about freedom at all.
Because the idea of "trans" is buried in subjectivity and more than likely a falsity.
It is another form of the real and accepted mental illness of delusion.
We don't need to encourage confused and insecure children to pursue delusions and let them end up worse off, depressed, or like 40% of trannies: dead of suicide.We think children aren't capable of consenting to sex but are capable of deciding they're another fucking gender and totally modifying their hormones and life.
I have nothing against homosexuality but you are now in the camp of insanity my friend.
Shit like this is what got you fired from Lisk, faggot
/lgbt/You made a wrong turn, kiddo.
These people are mentally ill and their ideology leads to the collapse of society and the destruction of human decency.
But I guess you can tell us that in your interview with CNN about how pedophiles are just misunderstood and not mentally disabled evil creatures.
John Hopkins, the creator of transition surgery... no longer advocates for its practice.
1/4 who go through it commit suicide afterward.
"transgender" needs to be recognized for what it is: A mental disease.
There's nothing wrong with the hardware, its the brain that's messed up.
4531813GET THE FUCK OFF THIS WEBSITE AND NEVER RETURN YOU FUCKING BRAINDEAD DEGENERATE COMMIE FAGGOT
Pre-pubescent kid of age that has no idea of anything yet >Yeah sure lets indulge his/hers silly shenanigans instead setting them straight with positive or negative reinforcement because you know their kids and still developing and are impressionable through nature and nurture so why not nurture them the right way Fucking fag
Because the idea of "trans" is buried in subjectivity and more than likely a falsity.
It is another form of the real and accepted mental illness of delusion.You realise these are the exact same arguments made against homosexuality 50 years ago, right?
And how productive was 50 years of dogmatic oppression and "healing camps" and all that other shit?And even if it IS a "mental illness" then what the fuck are you all doing ripping on the mentally ill instead of supporting them?
Isn't the brain the hardware?
You realise these are the exact same arguments made against homosexuality 50 years ago, right?Yes, and they still apply.
Homosexuality is a disease that needs to be purged, not encouraged.
The case for homosexual acceptance is wrong IMO - but its a case that can be made logically and ethically.
It simply postulates that sexual behavior is an artifact of whatever idiosyncracies and desires will most please individual people.In contrast, ''transgenderism'' is a bizarre metaphysical and religious claim at base.
It suggests that somehow matter is configured ''wrongly''.
Or that people are animated by some sort of dualistic spirit that is deposited incorrectly in a physical body.The very definition of ''transgendered'' identity in other words smacks of insanity and delusion in a way that homosexuality doesn't.
And given that homosexuality is apparent in hundreds and hundreds of animal species, and that the last couple of hundred years of Western culture have been profoundly hostile to homosexuals, with no apparent effect on the rate of homosexuality, how credible of a goal do you think that is?
Lmao gtfo of here you tranny loser
Faggots have been profoundly hostile to society.They have faggot parades where they dance naked with children and encourage anti-family values.Then they attack churches who don't want to deal with them.
They sue businesses they don't want to marry them.They insist they NEED marriage so bad when they can't even have kids.
see 
Personally, i don't see that LISK is tranny-free, i only see that there was a tranny in the first place.It's already tainted, bet there's a negress and a kike on the team.
You're comparing a sexual preference to a belief that objective biology is wrong.
This delusion requires you to heavily modify your body and act out what you believe to accomplish this.
It isn't apples to apples, you're just illogical and think all new social movements must be good because anyone against anything new has to be bad.Adults can do whatever they want as long as they aren't hurting anyone.
Don't fuck with kids or their heads.
And given that shit-eating is apparent in hundreds and hundreds of animal species, and that the last couple of hundred years of Western culture have been profoundly hostile to shit-eaters, with no apparent effect on the rate of shit-eating, how credible of a goal do you think that is?Wtf anon I love homo now
adults can do whatever they wantIndividualism is death.
And the kikes that enforced it of summeria, babylone, rome, byzanthium, bagdad and probably more knew it very well when they enforced it in western civilisation.http://jasss.soc.surrey.ac.uk/16/3/7.html
wtf i love lisk now
Trannies made me hate faggots now as well.Just SayinThere are only two gendersand faggots belong in the oven.
Maybe biology isn't as "objective" as you'd like it to be, if we're having this conversation at all.It comes down to the exact same shit as homosexuality.
People can't be bothered to work intelligently through the awkward feelings that trans issues instill in them, and the questions they raise about gender and identity.
So they take the easy way out and say "They're all just fucked in the head" as a way to avoid the very simple process of acknowledging that the world doesn't operate in a simple way, and these edge cases are proof of that.Treating edge cases as all just "fucked" is just an intellectually lazy way to deal with the true complexity of the human experience.
The problem with that is that the people who aer living trans lives right now have to deal with the bullshit that comes from other people not being bothered to think.
Did they fire him cuz he was a trranny?Or did they fire him cuz he was depressed talentless whiner like all trannies are?
I have worked it outIf all the trannies were gased the lives of all non-trannies would improve.They are literally worse than useless trash.Good news is all life strives to reproduce.Trannies are not even alive.So technically murdering them is not even murder.
biology isn't as "objective" as you'd like it to beWew there.
It's a good thing you didn't go into STEM because the next thing you know, you'll be telling us that bridges collapse because their feelings got hurt.
If biology was an objective determinant of gender identity there wouldn't even be a discussion about transgenderism would there.
GTFO MY BOARD U ABSOLUTE DEGENERATE
biology can be the only objective determinant of gender.
what else is there?
Space faeries?
Conflating gender and gender identity would work if there was nobody on the planet who identified as trans.
I identify as an attack helicopter
We can have a discussion right now about the subjectivity of physics.
It doesn't make it true.
An hero
Uh, no sweety.
We still hate faggots too.
NO TRANNIES IN CRYPTO
Fuck off plebbit nigger