>Bitcoin vs Bitcoin Cash>r/bitcoin vs r/btcWho are the "good" guys?Each side claims the other one is a fraud.Which one is trying to keep Satoshi's vision alive?
Which one is trying to keep Satoshi's vision alive?Neither.
Both are willing to centralize the fuck out of their coin
Which one is trying to keep Satoshi's vision alive?well bitcoin core is the one trying to add unnecesary bullshit like segwit so i guess not them
And Jihan's boys are forking BCH to adjust mining difficulty to keep miners in.
They're both shit
it's jews vs jews, pick one side or stay awayI decided to stay away but I hope the bctrash jew crew gets fucked, I just cannot stand the stupid face of this chink bastard and this smug cunt ver
this desu.
its all about getting enough to cash out and be done forever.
Read the bitcoin white paper and decide for yourself.
It becomes obvious which bitcoin is real.
/r/ethereum are the good guysJust say NO to senseless drama and say YES to the best protocol on the market.
Pretty simple.1.
Question everyone.2.
Play one side's points against the other.
Who comes up with the best answers and best arguments?3.
Who shadow-censors your comments so you can see them but no one else not logged in as you can?
Who will ban you for supporting not BTC or criticizing another side?/r/btc has an insatiable hardon for Bitcoin Cash.
Keeping that in mind, they won't ban you because you disagree.Read both subreddits, but realize /r/bitcoin is extremely heavily censored
bad guys vs bad guysbest move is to root for chaos
All this shit kills BTC>A better alt rises from the ashesI can dig it
r/bitcoin is a censored shithole full of brainwashed noobs who only care about moon/lambosr/btc is redpilled on Blockstream/Core and actually cares about bitcoin and wants it to be actually be USED.
It's also a shitty echo chamber, but that's the same as any other subreddit.
Satoshi's dream is:>distributed network, anonymous personal wallets, fast tx and low fees.---or--->tx too slow and too expensive, so all coin stored on centralized exchanges and 'fast payment networks' under RealName accounts that can be spied and regulated by state.Wow, it's really hard to know.
they're both scamfuckstrying to screw over the otherfor more marketshare(protip: hold both+ETH, avoid the shitshow)
If anyone is curious about the censorship, read this:https://theflippening.github.io/open-letter-to-bitcoin-miners-from-another-miner/
A few mining hardware manufactuerers and mining oligarchs also aren't part of Satoshi's vision.
the only sane response
But Satoshi INTENDED on Chinese mining conglomerates running Bitcoin!
Clearly that people's money
the people's money*
It's ETH or LTC, 100% guaranteed.
You're one of those people who complains about Chinese people doing useful work by making all the Iphones, aren't you?
4326989>thisthey both are corruptedthe idea that just because they have a stake in the game is not a reason for them to keep the status quo of this system as it was reasoned many times over.profits are reason to aim for higher profitsthis has been proven true by history more then enough
What does the way a company produces products have to do with decentralization of a supposed future worldwide currency?
BCC info in realtimehttps://discord.gg/Cc8QSZ
LTC
This
you can't stop monopolization, but at least bitcoin cash still remains a currency.
shitcoin core is literally unusable and will cease to be a CRYPTOcurrency when bitcoin lightning is adopted since everything will happen off-chain instead of on-chain, on the blockchain
I'm so done with this BTC/BCH bullshit that I'm ready to go full Ethereum.
Both are complete utter Shit, I wanted to buy some food on takeaway.com and transfered some BTC to my wallet (40usd) and now the transaction fee is a good 20 dollars its fucking ridiculous.
Both BTC and BCH are biased as fuck and clearly are to blinded to see what they are doing to the community.
Also no Bullshitforks every fucking week.
there is only one Satoshis Vision