why is this piece of shit doing nothing but falling?
I FOMO'd in 5 hours ago and it has done nothing but dump since then
Buy the top of a pump>Wonder why its dumpinghmmm...
pump
Are u retarded?
It almost double since yesterday little bitch.
What do u expect?
100x in the next 24hrs?
Those fucking crypto newbies...
Well thats nice, I bought in at 360k sats so thats the very bottom before the pump.
Thanks for your money though, without people fomoing into NEO I wouldn't have made as much money as I've had, 73% up already.
Your loss my gain.
Don't feel bad since this is a zero sum game friend.
Will it get back to 6200?
It goes up buy super slowly
Gee, I wonder what could make a price go up so sharply?
Nah I can't be pumping it has to be inflation.
Hahaha I bought at 3.50$
IT'S FREE FALLING
Because the news has been revealed to be moreto do with LRC than NEOSell all your neo and buy LRCwhen it gets brought up at the conference it's going to go nuclear
Because the news has been revealed to be moreto do with LRC than NEOdo you feel good about posting pure bullshit like this or what
TUMBLING DOWN TUMBLING DOWN
You dumb faggots do we have to spell out everything for you?
The next pump will come in 2-4 hours when the asians wake up.
This is your chance to buy the only 'dip' you will see before NEO takes off and never comes back from $100.
its a 4% dip...
4433905https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU
Asians don't care about NEO.
It is purely western meme coin.
when [some country] wakes up is the stupidest meme - no-one in crypto sleeps
The next pump will come in 2-4 hours when the asians wake up.The asians never buy NEO you dumbfuck.
Majority of NEO's volume comes from westerners.
This has been confirmed so many fucking times already.
they care alright - taking money from westerners pretty much number one pastime.
WE ARE THE NEO MARINES AND WE WILL NEVER EVER SELL
IT DUMPED AGAAAAAAIN
BUY HIGH SELL LOW
Fuck sakes, was sleepig comfortable with a big profit, fuck its tanked big time, not sure if i should pull out or hold
holy fuck are you idiots retarded>buying high
Fundamentals have not changed.
This is a profit taking turned into a panic sell.
Nothing more.
Buy the dip and hold.
every tiem i cry
You fucking promise, already git the dip last niht, checked in the middle of the night was killing it in profit, niw its tanked hard and thjnking should i pull at a small profit
more like hold deez nutsgot'em
just hold until monday you retards.
it WILL pump.
just a lil lower to fill my buy order
You're supposed to buy BCH
Definitely a panic sell looking at the charts.
Unbelievable how crazy people get over 5% value drop.
This is a moon mission, don't get afraid of the shakes.
1-2-3-4-5-1-a-b-!C!
I cant trust u fuckers, u have fucked me so many times, please just give it to me straight faggots please, i have a family you now, do u want them to be eating toast all week
i'm giving it to you straight.
i bought at 4500 and i'm not selling until the news is fully revealed on monday.
You know the exact time it's being revealed monday?
Same here.
I'd rather lose 20% of my money then miss out on a 100x moon mission.
Well worth the risk.
i'll go research and get back to you.exactly.
if the news turns out to be an official chinese backing you bet your ass neo will pump up to eth levels.
being a dad>getting financial advice from abunch of anonymous posters on an imageboard>not just taking in all of the information given and coming up with your own conclusions>probably just asking for advice so when trades fall through you can tell your SO that it was some anonymous guys fault on your mongolian basket weaving imgboard
mongolian basket weaving imgboarddude I laughed so fucking hard.
Bravo..
is there any reason to believe that there is even going to be any "news"?
Not going to say your wrong
you retards on biz buy high and sell low then cry lmao
BUY THE RUMOUR SELL THE NEWS
all seriousness man this is just normal variance in this sort of swing.
look at the volume trading at the moment.
hold on until the news comes in or the volume comes to a standstill compared to what it is now.
you also hear rumours here4434347
CAN ANYONE PROVIDE ANY SOURCE THAT THERE ARE GOING TO BE ANY NEWS AT ALL?
WHERE DOES THIS EVEN COME FROM
Ok my friend, im goimg to trust you.
I'm only here to make extra cash for my family to go on little holidays, i normally works well, but have been fucked over a couple of times, missus hates it kek
never FOMO.
the few times it will pay off, are not worth the many times it will fuck your shit up.
buy early or stay out.
http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17in 3 hours it starts
https://www.reddit.com/r/NEO/comments/7dk4m4/daily_discussion_november_17_2017/
Bullish pattern forming
About to explode guys!!!!
Of course this is what happens when I touch a coin.
44345384434538I wanna kill myself desu
lol so let me get this straightyou just ignored it on the dipthen you ignored it when rumors started while it consolidated ready for blast offthen you FOMO in after it goes up 100% from the dip yesterday?WHY???
100%fucking retarded
Lol at everyone acting like they're cursed.
Dumbfucks, this coin pumped for 24 hours on worthless news.
It pumped like 9 times and THEN you decide to buy in and proclaim the universe hates you?
Good lord at the brainlets on 4 chan...
Is there any chance that this takes off from the conference?
Or should I just dump before.
I dumped 18.
Lost a small chunk by not selling at its peak but I'm watching and waiting for the price to settle and maybe buy up more and wait for the rebound
when the fuck is the conference?
tbf Neo is a coin mainly driven on FOMO and manipulation, idk people love it so much...
http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17in 2 hours and 15min
The Confernce isn’t the big news.
The big news comes Monday.
JAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAH FFS, the dumping already started lmao.
This IS the dump you cucks.
Wait, it’s not even climbing two hours in advance?
Fuck this
Noob question!
Let's say if I have 10 Neo and I want to increase my Neo position.
If I sell them now and hope for a price drop to accumulate more, is it better to trade against BTC or USDT?
>price correction.>neo announced as Chinese regulated ICO platform.>price goes up to 80.
Buy the gas dumbfucks
You’re a moron this is a small correction.
There is a very big piece of news coming Monday morning.
This is one of your last chances to get a coin at 1/10th is possible price, we are literally seeing the next ETH.
How many ETH would you buy at $40 if you knew in one month it would be $300?
4434882>How many ETH would you buy at $40 if you knew in one month it would be $300?And why would it have that bullrun?
You deluded fucks really think this shit can live up to the hype of everyone thinking its the government backing NEO?
You are going to get dumped on harder once people find out the news doesnt have anything to do with the government.
But sure, go on.
HODL that shit like the average redditor.
>conference has nothing to do with government>causes enough attention to get noticed by government>government shuts it all down>neo drops to pennies
So just how many 1,000 Link coins are you holding?I’m Japanese and Jewish.
I research, I don’t take advice from biz and I don’t fuck around with my money.
https://hackernoon.com/neo-onchain-and-its-ultimate-plan-dna-4c33e9b6bfaa
neo fun is over boys.
go home.
SELL NEO AND BUY LRCLoopring creator Daniel Wang and Neo creator Da Hongfei are friends, and Da is credited as an advisor on the Loopring project for his role in bridging the Loopring team with the global connections he made over the past year while traveling and promoting Neo.Loopring works by connecting the orderbooks of exchanges together, and allowing its users to essentially place orders which are filled by comparing the rates of every exchange on the network.
Orders are placed in Loopring from inside of the users' Loopring protocol wallet, which also allows for arbitrary pairings to be selected.
You want to trade OMG for FUN?
You got it!Eventually, the Loopring protocol aims to support all chains.
Currently, the City of Zion team and the Loopring devs are collaborating on the development of a cross-chain protocol that will allow the exchange of NEP5 and ERC20 tokens on the Loopring network.
This means that the NEX would be able to join the Loopring network, and thus a means of purchasing any Neo token with any Eth token will be created.
Which is pretty sweet!
I’m Japanese and Jewish.
I research, I don’t take advice from biz and I don’t fuck around with my money.
hahahahaha this absolute retard.
he doesnt even fucking know why ETH pumped that hard.
NEO isnt going to fucking announce anything that would justify a jump in price like ETH.
but go on, put your money where your mouth is.
hold ok, hold on to this shit while the other people dump on you.you obviously werent here for the antshares conference when we dumped the price from $14 to $7 to $3.5 hahahahhaahahahahahaah
FIrst day here?
....
I was here for the ETH Pump and I remember you faggots saying it would fall back to 40 every-time it corrected.
Same story different day, stay salty
The two most souless races combined into oneCongrats on this, seriously.
INT 100STR 1AGI 1
Lol i called the 0.00368 to 0.005 pump 2 days ago and most of you faggots didnt believe me, enjoy being poor, faggots.
Normally price dumps before the news, at least a few days before the news.You MUST sell news since people expect it to dump regardless if its good or bad.
It's a self fulfilling prophecy.
So yea it might have another small pump you better then dump then, since people will definitely dump.I hope NEO will have a new floor that is all.
Anyone notice those whales accumulating 1,000's of NEOs while you weak hands sell to low
The sells are hitting buywalls.
I wish I would have waited longer to buy in and gotten a discount.
don't be weak
Thoughts?
4435343It will dump either way, the only way it would not dump is if China officials endorsed it.If the conference was actually useful you will see a few weeks after when the price stabilizes.
I don't think NEO is going back below $30, I think it's going to be a bump ride to $100 but If you HOLD you'll get there.
These whale orders of 7 - 20 BTC accumulating 1,000's of NEOS is a damn good sign for all of us, the Whales know where the money is at and they know $40 is priced into to make at least double your money back.
this.
pretty much this.
but it should establish a new floor which will be nice.
Also the news may be big enough to keep it around $40 even if we are lucky.
> The D.Va Koreans send me a telegram message about pumping NEO when NEO was at the top, to get some retarded US shabos goy to buy their bags when the dump startOy Vey, why is NEO dumping, this is like a anuda shabos goy shoa...wake up retards, D.Va and all the other mainstream signaling services only exist to find some buyers during the dump!
it's still up 30%+ from 48 hours... you want me to send you some LINKs when NEO moons to $100?
I know you want to add some more to your portfolio that's probably 80% LINK, 20% REQ
If things work out, we are going way past $100.
More like $1000 in 6-12 months.
If things don't work out, $100 in 3 months.
I don't understand what people are afraid of.
See the big picture /biz/
it's going to work out, we have confirmations from all sides, no way people would start publishing and council members would be alludinghttps://bittox.com/2017/11/17/china-unban-icos-making-way-neo/
Personally I think that china will adopt it.
When you look at Dongfei's past, and who he's worked with in the past, how deep he's been involved with the government, and now who he's working with publicly?
I think it's clear that this is the winning pony.44363454436058>mfw
But if this is true, why would NEO makes this announcement and not China?
I hold NEO bags but guys, you know its just us westeners buying neo right?
They are giving back to the community that helped make them who they are, they are good people.
This is our Moment are you going to be a Deluded ARKIE who can't break $4, or a Bag holding LINKER who loses half his money over night, or are you going to go with the next big thing.
NEO is our ETH
I have lots of family in China who are all fully invest in NEO.Hongfei is a very well known and popular man.
no the China Pump is occurring now, everyone here in Japan I know that's into Crypto with deep stacks are doing 7 - 10 BTC buys at a time.
These guys don't fuck around, and they told me about NEO 2 days ago, i've been pushing it here since.
I have been 80% in NEO since October and i'm convinced it has a bright future, just not sure if this announcement is what people think it is.Either way i'm holding.
G'luck Biz bro, I want us to finally make it.
It's been a good ride if we don't we can always come back tomorrow, but if we do this is the victory so many of us have been working for, for so long.
AHAHAHAHAHA
You've been CHINK'd.The news were few days ago, you're already buying the news.From now on it's only a dump
*the rumors were few days ago
Whale here, sold about 10 minutes ago for profit, it’s all down from here folks
Proof pls.
same here...sold 780...
sold into eth...
Why ETH?
Money Skelley suicide.
"same here xD"lol you faggots aren't whales
me
I'll throw most of you dumb fucks a bone, I've been accumulating this shit since yesterday in the low .005s.It will most likely go up monday.
This news may be fucking huge.
People telling you otherwise were pussy sellers who sold close to .006 and want validation for their exit.this is not even 10% of my stack btw, been playing this game for years
You guys ready?
Thanks.
bought 100K
Go.
GO GO GO!
the people saying that this shit is over, are the same retards who thought BCH pump was over at .12 these are my BCH sells at .4 and .415 for reference.
LOL can't wait to here all of the stories of "ishouldaheld"get ready to be justed by not holding
sorry, I really hope your order will hit
>he is still in NEO
yeah, that's why whenever i hear people say "i should've bought btc when it was $5 dollars and held until 8k" i answer with "you would've sold for a 2% gain way before it hit 8k anyway".
Whats the coins supply?
Just mooned.
those are completed orders on bittrex.
you can download your order history on your orders page lol...ya exactly, most of the people who bought at .004 are probably already out with their 50% gains hahahahahahaha
I bought in 360k sats, been in this game for a while to know NEO hit the rock bottom, just a lucky coincidence NEO news came out to pump it high
You can find this info on :coinmarketcap.com
easier and faster to cash out in € here...
4438905you're a big dick aren't you, hotshot?
think you run the game?
don't get too high m80
Holy shit.
that whale just dumped as hard as I've ever seen anyone dump on anything to stop that pump.
lol.
Only reason for a whale to do that without crashing it with no survivors is accumulation.
Means moonable news in an hour or two.
Lol.
Saw that.
well its either show that I'm not LARPing or have people assume I'm LARPing.what I do works for me, thought id help out some bizbroz make some gains if im right
been holding neo for a while sold most of my stack pre segwit bought back at .0036 still holdingneo is in bed with the govhongfei has been advising themmaybe a shitcoin but will be a shitcoin with the approval of the peoples republic of chinaset stop loss and wait for moon
Can you expand on this?
There's still no actual proof of anything except a badly translated tweet.
I'll just leave this herehttps://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7eBTFD
neo refunded icos after china banda hongfei was asked to advise on crypto ban beforehandgovernment compliance was listed in whitepaperlook up onchainin a world of decentralized crap it is not truelly decentralized for a reason
ok i sold and took 10% profit.
I hope you FUDers are right.
>piece of shit>fallingIt's well up ffs.
You just bought ATH hahahahahahahahaha
loopring deals with ETH you idiot and not NEO...
Why does bitfinex have to be assholes and not let us use them....
I love their charts
...Yes I'm sure NEO holders would hate to be able to integrate ETH tokens into their NEO exchangeHaving more options and liquidity in an exchange would really suck
$NEO looks like its gonna be bullish for the next 1-2 days simply because of the news going around $NEO (most stuffs out there are still rumours though).
But definitely some big news will hit the market for $NEO as being tweeted by one of their council members.Previously i recommended buy in at 480k sats and then most of you sold at 600k sats for around 20% profit.
Right now i think its safe to enter at 530k sats and hold till we see a peak where we can sell it off again.
it's going to work out, we have confirmations from all sides, no way people would start publishing and council members would be alludingback to the >>/oven schlomo, do you really consider bittox to be a legitimate news source?
No Contact information and anonymous domain name entry.
Then look at this bullshit image that they published.
China banning mining, convincing korean devs etc... this whole Neo chilling is 100% kosher bullshit
The news is their decentralized exchange NEX built on NEO.
Thats the riddle in poem and countdown is correct toohttp://www.nexexchange.com
Wow wrong link, im on mobile
check>check>check>pending>pending>pending
Nice try Schlomo>John McAfee: China Bitcoin Ban Will Not Extend to Mining>Chinese Power Provider Denies Bitcoin Mining Ban - CoinDesk> none of the statements by the exchanges or the regulators have indicated that owning or mining bitcoin will become illegal,
hmm loopring is interesting, but all trades on exchanges require an account.
how does loopring get around that?
is there one loopring account for each exchange
There is a new decentralized exchange based on NEO launching this monday.
It is using Loopring protocol.
https://us5.campaign-archive.com/?u=466bdbd90d1a5b0e6f7ef0eab&id=6dbb733664
Good read, is this fresh?
Seems like some whale faggot is trying to keep the price low
https://slack-imgs.com/?c=1&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.coinigy.com%2Fassets%2Fimg%2Fcharts%2F5a114614b7567.pngIf FA doesn't help it well then I'm scared for y'all i was out at some decent profits.
Never ever fomo buy without stoploss.
Coin solely pumping because announcement of an announcement is fucking scammy practice.Ah and check out: https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/
You are fucked amigo
I swear 50% of people here have ADHD.