Copper futures in 30 minutesHi Im your Coppers fund manager Biz, join me
GBP/USD DIP RIGHT NOW
4329537>trading things that barely move 1% a day
OH SHITbounce back you reckon?
reasoning is because a sharp movement like this is caused due to stop losses, this will be very risky to go long on, so take a small position, if you're going to
I put a small position at the resistance hoping to claim a 2% bounce backok boys time for copper, first candle will now form
BULLS PUSHING BACKGOD SSAVE THE QUEEN
YES LAD FUCKEN GO
BRITS WINNING INDEPENDENCE WAr PART 2 FUCK OFF AMERICUNT FAGS
lol ok I took my 2 percenthaha y-yeah 53% face
FUCK YOUR REISTANCE BEARS
Big candles on the usd try again
mightve been a smart move there, im starting to shit brix desu
Yeah I stopped taking big risks after getting liquidated like 200 timesthats why in 5 minutes, this copper strat can begin.. day 1 for performance data
Im still buying, due to high test, but yeah, your copper strategy will probably be much safer
first candle stick formed.
now awaiting breakout
also, the drop is mainly due to the dollar index spiking, rather than anything fundamentally bad happening in the UK, so using that a reasoning for an eventual retracebut yeah, very risky
forex I dont really do anymor because the banker jews will squeeze out your position before going the proper directionbut also commidties are hard because big companies buy them as hedges, so wherther they go short or long I cant know, but this start is pretty goodif anyone wants to follow,, go long when it breaks the top red bar and short when it breaks the bottom
for got pic.
depending on your broker the price may be different
in forex, institutions do that to force people to buy and sell from/to themso say someone in the market has a short position on, and an institution needs to sell some of its holdings off - it'll then target the short sellers buy-back point in order to force someone else to buy their holdings (the terminology I've used is incorrect, but I'm trying to get the general idea across)
it's not retail brokers doing to their customers, it's just how the actual market operates
although, there may have been instances of this happening in the past, not naive enough to believe it has never happened
GBP/USD retracement seems to be coming along nicely, still some resistance though
Ken, alpha on copper trades is virtually nonexistent.
Prove to me that you can predict copper movements, and I'll explain to you why your bullshit
SHORT COPPERstop loss at the top red linedoesnt really matter.
this is my new strat and it has worked the past 2 times so thats why Im keeping a log and a play "fund"
The idea behind trading is stem losses early, and to let to winners run (along with adding to them).Ranges, and support and resistance develops due to limit orders in the market being placed in areas of prior support and resistance.
This is due to market participants wanting prices to not reach above a certain level (resistance), or not go below a certain level (support).
This develops from fundamental reasons.
Using the psychology of larger players in the market, you can position yourself based on what tends to happen.
It will not always work, which is why appropriate risk management must be applied in trading.
Looking at things from a purely quantitative perspective is not the entire aim of trading (although it certainly can be included in a strategy).
We trying to follow what others are doing in the market, not "outperform".
exellent, the red candles have begun
* is to stem losses early* We are trying to follow
i dont even know whats going on in these copper threads but i like them, will try to figure it out and join one day senpai
"what's your strategy for investing anon?
">"oh strategy doesn't matter, I made money in the past, so I'll keep making it in the future"using technical analysis>not knowing that most studies show that m most markets are weak form efficient>literally no different than throwing dice at the casinoI feel bad that your so financially illiterate
at 12gmt copper volume is at its lowest and also opebns up for the 24 hour cycle.
the first 15 minute candle will represent the mean.
as volume picks up, the chart will go either up or down.
you choose the direction when the mean is broken
Support and Resistance does work for the reasons I have pointed out, there are some people who just won't ever be convinced.
I'm not going to try to convince you, it's just not worth conversing with someone who "knows" that something doesn't work.
It is a strategy that is used.
It develops from there being fundamental objectives in the market.
4330684I'm sorry but you guys are just completely, flat out wrong.
The dogs of the Dow strategy worked over a period of time, but wasn't based on any tire underlying economic reasoning.
Using technical data is heavily subject to data mining biases, and your both falling for these biases.
You'll find supposed technical signals or every investment due to data mining, but they have no predictability on the future results.
In short, it's no different than going to a casino and correlating the dice color used for craps with the results of the game.
You will 100% chance find a pattern, but it will have no effect on future results
you are under the assumption Im just using technical analysis and not psychological warfareI know what they think Im doing
It worked yet again
You must look to markets as a strategic arena, where bulls and bears look to make their entries.
Go beyond just the lines on the chart, and think about the orderflow that's taking place, as bulls try to maintain these levels against bears pushing them down with market sell orders.
The bulls are signalling to other market participants through the chart that "Hey I'm trying to hold this position, it's going to be risky, but join me."
A temporary sort of "alliance" is formed with other market participants to maintain a certain level - all driven by an underlying profit motive.
This is not random.
it broke the donchian channel, goiung for 2%
You must look to markets as a strategic arena, where bulls and bears look to make their entries.Jesus Christ, you could not have a more wrong view of the market.
Let me guess, you started investing after watching the wolf of wallstreet?
If you have a central disdain against speculation in your psyche, of course you'll see that view of the market as being "ridiculous".
It is the reality though.
Markets are not just used by people looking to hedge or carry out business transactions.
People do use this as a way to make money.
And we must be systematic.
I understand that, and that part of your statement is fair.
What is not fair is believing that charts have any bearing on the future.
Time and time again, the studies have shown weak form efficiency holds up fairly well, so your supposed strategy is just gambling at best and retardation at worst
There are many ways of "being systematic" in trading.
This is just one of strategies used.
It helps people with entries/exits, and to define risk through knowing when to exit a trade (whether that be through a stop loss, or price just moving towards a certain area resulting in manual position reduction/exit).
I simply can't ignore what everyone else is doing.
anyways this copper shits taking forever