I've seen quite some shilling for chancoin and at first I didn't give a shit because obvious pajeet shilling.
But then I thought wouldn't a chancoin that could be used to tip people incentivize people to post real info and quality content instead of all these shitty pajeet threads?
True.
If 4chan could meme some guy into the White House I don't see why they can't meme a coin into top100.
The begging threads would definitely increase but could be a good idea to weed out some shitposts.
Fuck off to reddit
I'm open to efforts to try to legitimize the coin.
It's fun just to meme on the discord for now though
yeah!
this sounds great guys!
we're totally not 2 or 3 people using different ips!
wouldn't it be great if 4chan had a tipping culture like le reddit?
why use litecoin when we can use a pump and dump scamcoin ran by a non-dev dev who's never fulfilled one roadmap goal?
BUMP SPAM
isnt reddit tipping just internet popularity points im pretty sure using actual money to tip is a bit different?
reddit has /u/changetip and similar features for tipping "actual money" but this is better because it's on a forum which is about posting anonymously for idealogical reasons, which we can hopefully morph into more of a social network, monetarily incentivized websitealso changetip uses bitcoin which is totally worthless unlike chancoin which has an unusably slow network which is good
googled changetip and first thing that comes up is changetip is shutting down nice
People with real info and quality content arent begging pajeets desperate for scraps of a shitcoin that you literally cannot sell.
It's been donerip /biz/coinhttp://deadcoins.com/
It would only encourage people to flood the board with shitty low quality joke posts trying to strike gold because the rare genuinely funny post is the only thing that gets lots of tips.
Reddit already demonstrated that this is what happens.
what is STEEMOy vey, it's the fucking stone age again.What are you even talking about?
Im pretty convinced now that this idea is actually pretty shit now im glad that biz doesnt implement this
it was just an example, shitcoin pumper.
there are numerous tipping systems that have existed on reddit over the years.
sorry, your chancoin "investment" was not a good idea, you cannot sell, now cue your meme about not having bought in and being gifted everything that you're bagholding
You mean like.... reddit gold?
HMM Go fuck yourself.
Linking your posts to an address goes against anonymous image board culture.
We don't use upboats here.
Buying 100k on tradesatoshi now
there are two americans in chancoin: scammer gossamer socks and desperate, angry, autistic bagholder alexgreenbagholders say they're not selling because they "believe" but in reality they couldn't sell if they wanted to.. there's no one bidding.. when there are bids, they're tiny.
no one can cash out, which explains the incessant spamming every day for those who were wondering
>getting riled over a memecoin akin to Doge and reddit's cryptotoken>crypto is serious businessYou're fucking new aren't you.>giving incentives means higher quality contentThen what the fuck is going on over on steemit?
It's legit FOMO for cash while pajeets rape every comment section with shit comments like "nice +1"Though I can admit the bot that tips threads and posters is rather shitty, it only seems to work in chancoin generals which limits the conversation to, chancoin.
You also have no other choice but to shove yer' damn wallet address into your name field.The continued development is mostly a bluff, honestly all they need to do is upgrade to the newest lightcoin branch and stop dicking around and their begs might actually be worth something.