This is serious thread.Read other threads where people laugh at Confido holders for losing everything.Now, THINK.If you check developers comments history, yesterday he was discussing partnership.Today, he suddenly announced that they have legal issues.
ON A FUCKEN SUNDAY HE ANNOUNCES THEY HAVE LEGAL ISSUES.Now THINK SMART ANON --> no reason for devs to run out with their money right now.
Trend was bullish, people were buying all over, new exchange was listed just recently, they could have waited a week and cashed out 2x unless.....
UNLESS TODAY IS GOING TO BE BLACK BLOODY MONDAY OF BITCOIN TOTAL COLLAPSE.These guys have some insider info and they have cashed out everything they have had.NEO devs FOMOed AS HARD AS THEY NEVER DID to cash out as much money as possible.
They have even spread fake screenshots of a WHOLE WEEK of great announcments.We saw LAST 35 MILLION of TETHERS issued for BITCOIN to be pushed above 8k to force uptrend.ANON, THIS IS SHADY AS FUCK.Tomorrow BItcoin is probably going to collapse.It is up to you to decide what to do.
I don't insist that you should fixate a loss but if you can to sell now and buy on Tuesday.
DO IT.Something is going to happen tomorrow.
This is not a coincidence.
This is not a joke.
There already tons of threads of upcoming Bitcoin crashed due to GOX 2.0 but this CONFIDO team run away at last moment RAISES SOME SERIOUS CONCERNS.
Never pass up any opportunity to push whatever you're pushing, I say.
thanks about to sell all my crypto.
wil buy back in after crash
Delusional you been blazin too much bro
Yeah, it's weird.But if it was true then instead of only two teams doing unusual things these days we would've seen hundreds of teams doing similar weird things.
Unless.......unless whole altcoin market is tanking for 1.5 month not only in Satoshi but in USD 2-3x less for most of the coins.
Considering that most of the hodlers & whales do not sell at such a huge loss... Who is selling?
Hmmmm....
Yeah, confido crashed because the devs are Bitcoin insiders, not that they are possibly going through an exit scam.
>When you hear hoofbeats...
CATASTROPHYIf you're going to use fancy words like CATASTROPHE, at least take the 5 seconds required to spell check it.
Even my browser is telling me that the word above is wrong.
Carry on.
yeah this 7 digit exit scam completely verifies it for me.
this is the trigger right here.
short btc 100x leverage no stops
Phew, that's rough.
I am sure glad I have my money in something safe like LINK.
I suggest you all buy link and bunker down to ride out this storm where it is safe.
The Lord Sergey, KEKs disciple, will protect us.
tfw I'm an actual BAT whale and i'm not selling at these priceswho the hell *is* selling i don't understand
4454325These are my picksAm I... Am I going to make it?
Also apparently CFD devs didn't dump shit yethttps://www.reddit.com/r/confido/comments/7e47zc/for_everyone_saying_this_is_a_scam/
4444444+LINKI am afraid you are.
I hope you can drive a Lambo?
Never got my drivers license because I dont have a carBut thanks for the uplift

So why is it exactly that Bitcoin should collapse?You sound like some fgt leveraged in a lot of alts.
You didn't explain why btc is going to crash
The state of /biz/
Because we're in a bubbleEveryone here accepts its a bitcoin but we think its gonna keep growing (comparing it to the dotcom bubble)We're all fuckedIts gonna happen when we least expect itAt the major greed per wojak index
Yeah definitely man this is such a bubble it’s definitely not an emerging market lolWEAK HANDS EVERYBODY
Dude...
Bcash bags anyone?
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give backThe first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
But anon, bitcoin is collapsing, surely these pajeets won't take part in your raffle?
you just posted this in a NEO thread.
stop trying to derail BTC shill
rollin
please dubs let me start in crypto
c'mon
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give back>The first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
Roll :^)
So...
I get another buying op?
>conspiring_hands.jpg
Anon don't buy Bitcoin the news said it was a bubble!
hmmm
Dibs
Are you serious ?
So... sell everything and buy cheap tomorrow evening ?
That's the ETA?
:^)
Good thing I already traded all my BTC for C A S H.It's obvious.
BTC is up and BCH is down.
They've been trading blows for a couple weeks now.
What do you think will happen next?
Really makes you think.
Don't mess this one up /biz/
BcPVRTmRbXaVL255quuiSC5tmbCWgES
I'll be watching the bitcoin collapse with great interest from my spaceship with my good pal Sergey with me
BCH ISNT DOWN ENOUGH GODDAMNIT
kTKVeCUp6E7DYJcJNUTX7qMrn2rZbjRCget.
faggot
Rolllll
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give back
????
The value of BCH is $8000 though and it's lower than $1200
Roll
How will the collapse of BCH affect Litecoin?
Check em
Check em1GPuPE1hEZvUqm2xqtLT7Xt9qVtAmmjqjE
Kek em 1JjQzVvQnHnEQwxNxPKwowDWbYkDVvp9eL
JjQzVvQnHnEQwxNxPKwowDWbYkDVvp9eL rek em wooooojack
Deluded LINKieSergey is Starbucks scrub
Dubs faggot hereeeee
Let the pyramid scheme collapse who cares ?
16Fho2Fs43D6UqtCwAF6gSfDa9ZNDRWkJuI want to Belive!
Mmmbop1CtVjA8WKVY7Zrm49rJAseeVzyjE1C73En
SUre Anon 1MFMt78musXzLcRjWekiRcAykMckVAPeN8

4455789 Got em
>Be confido Devsm marketcap>Sell confido>Tweet "legal problems">Confido tanks to sub-1m marketcap>Buy Confido with 10x purchasing power days later tweet "it's fine its over we fixed the legal problems">Confido shoots up and then it hits exchanges and shoots up even more because the circulating amount of Confido is around 10% of the original amount after the devs bought almost all of it.
Tfw confido is now 800m marketcap and it was one of the biggest heists of all time, triggered by a single tweet.
Rollll for btc
Plz rolling for a btc
good thing i put $100 in at .05 cents, huh
JjQzVvQnHnEQwxNxPKwowDWbYkDVvp9eLNeck em
JjQzVvQnHnEQwxNxPKwowDWbYkDVvp9eLIm a dice rolling nigga 8n this sheetz
sASTeeummJrfxyErsMt1Nzme5BCymMaCroll'
ROOOLIN
rollin
a3KHWkpxFB3uB99JE6auHHvgJrX3fjTvDubs
rolling
come on!
rolling15NyCwqdW5oehAWNiL63fG3JGssgYi2q8r
NyCwqdW5oehAWNiL63fG3JGssgYi2q8rcome on baby
4457977please send to 15NyCwqdW5oehAWNiL63fG3JGssgYi2q8rfriend...
you fucking IDIOTSyou will not receive anything.
this is a trick to keep the post at the top.its a good post so that's okay.
but you all deserve to die
This is the stupidest thread I've ever seen on biz
4457977fucking neck yourself you pajeet faggot
Link has become such a /biz/ meme.
But I really don't see it going much lower.
2000 sats seems to be where it likes to sit other than a couple spikes downward.
Probably is a good idea to hang out with the deluded linkies for a bit.
r-r-rolling!
dheck emeth:0xa3a983a7f493311259349169c78a2915db63f800
rolllin
holy fuck, is this an indian reservation loan or some shit?
this is absurd usury