>coin is functional and does a specific task>this task has fuck all to do with the price of the coin and would do as well if it were 1 cent than if it were $1000>/biz/ buys it expecting it to go up in price drastically>/biz/ gets btfo and bagholds expecting a moon that would be illogical even if it gained widespread adoptionbonus points: coin is highly inflationary and will have like 30-40% more supply when it actually comes online
Yep.
Link maiyng
It's unfair to single out a specific item in the current crypto market.
Speculation on potential levels of adoption, and who will actually use the coin/platform, is what drives what people to refer to as "fundamentals" in this market.
oklet's take siacoin as a case studynow, the mining debacle aside, it has every problem listed above
Horizon State (HST).>coin is functional and does a specific taskYep.
Working platform.
Team will announce clients and partnerships in late December.>this task has fuck all to do with the price of the coin and would do as well if it were 1 cent than if it were $1000Yep.
Read the white paper.>/biz/ buys it expecting it to go up in price drasticallyNope.
Price will likely to jump in late December after they announce the partnerships and after HST is listed on binance.
The coin is now under the radar and undervalued.
I understand where you're coming from, in that if something has something to do with a blockchain/decentralization (in sia's case, decentralization of cloud storage), it doesn't necessarily need any sort of associated token.I think that it's just too early to call things, right now.
Let's see what use cases come about, actual levels of adoption in future, that sorta shit.
Bitcoin, itself, is having its interpretation as a "currency" changed, in the minds of many people, as they come to terms with the fact that transaction speeds/cost make such a use case, currently, impractical.
And so the "Store of Value" meme has come about.
To raise the point the cryptocurrency and blockchains aren't necessarily 2 parts of a whole is a very important thing to do, I get it.