Just got into crypto recently, this bitcoin trash garbage has ruined my entire life savings, here's my wallet if there's any pity in biz.
Guess I'm off to the rope store.
ETH: 0xB6cE4eF3B82F68A864891A1A2E74de2C0edB9855
Richfag here.
Sharpie in the pooper(timestamped) and I will give you 0.5 ETH
I told y'all we'd see this scam on /biz/ again since that guy started doing this yesterdaySCAM
I would if I had a sharpie, I really would
so let me get this straight, you spent your entire money on a risky market in hopes of making money for free doing absolutelly nothing, and now your sad that it turned out bad?
why should i pity you?you knew the risk.
you knew the reward.
you decided to go for it and lost.
thats it.
Toothbrush then.
1 ETH if you put the mouth side in
I would if I had a sharpie, I really wouldyou have the money to buy a rope but not a sharpie?
pretty sure you wont be able to kill yourself with the length of the rope you will be able to buy
richfag>but can only afford to give away 0.5 ETHYeah, sounds very rich anon
I'm aware I'm likely mentally unfit for life after this moronic idea, was just seeking some comfort at the cold hands of biz.
Staying rich is the hardest part.
I could do coke and fuck hookers everyday but I don't.
How many rich people would give you $150 just for asking?
Timestamp and any marker/pen in butthole and I'll send.
75 ETH OP.Write "anything for you daddy" on the timestamp as well.
In before original poster!
ETH0x1A505a9e9bBFBCf2Bb96d426fD380206a1E34018
Doubtless a LARPing lying begpost, but if you're genuinely feeling that depressed/suicidal fucking reach out.
Doesn't need to be friends, family, anyone you know - I guarantee there will be anon options for talk and counselling wherever you live.
Use those options before you decide to end it.
That is just between your legs faker.
Get it up your ass for daddy
you want to scam the scammers sempai?
within 5 minutes someone other than OP post a time-stamped picture of a Sharpie in their assholes with their eth addressNever change /biz/
Sent :^)
It's the second time i've had a sharpie up the poopie with no reward.
It stinks (Kek)
You don't need to troll me, just mock me like I deserve.
0.5 ethyour parents must be proud of you
MY BITBEAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ITS ALL FUCKING GONE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA