Someone wake me up when the JUSTing is over pleaseThank you
There is no end you got scammed
The just'Ed will bring the justice to bitcucks and (((block stream)))
Waaake me up, when the JUSTing eeeeennds
How do you all get it so wrong?!
Even low risk is high return in crypto.
Do you really buy dgb and link and assorted shitcoins like that?
He thought he could make millions from penny stock tier shitcoins instead of investing in coins proven to have long term growth
4412033Yeah fucking idiots.
BTC is king.
Low risk high reward.
If it dips just hold.
It is only going up long term
But then how do you get more BTC?
It's expensive to buy off the bat, and daytrading ends up making you just yourself.
What's wrong with finding a decent shitcoin to gain on short term and move it into BTC and hold that?
Amazing image so I looked into it:https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/yamaguchi-assassinates-asanuma-1960/"The killer, Otoya Yamaguchi, was a member of a group which, among other things, wished to get rid of Western influence and restore Japan’s traditional culture.
He chose a weapon that was fitting his purpose, and that meant getting up close and attacking with complete conviction.
"Meanwhile American far right groups' weapon of choice is Pepe the cartoon frog.
LTC and ETH
Absolutely nothing is wrong with that, except that your risk is much higher compared to going with BTC in the first place.
Yes that's literally how you play this game.
>pull off a big heist to get a lot of money>put half in BTC>short ETH/LTC or other alts>put gains into BTCGranted, one day you might want to hodl some ETH and LTC too.
In the short term though ETH will always return to 300 unless it breaks above 350.
LTC will always return to 60-70 unless it breaks above 100.
you have to treat it like a full time job and literally sit there obsessing and watching charts and making trades all day if you want to make it in crypto on anything besides BTC.I did it at first like 5 months ago, turned $10k into $65k in about 1.5 months, but I was spending all fucking day, I was always stressed, and not particularly happy, the first thing I'd do when I wake up is check the charts and sometimes wouldn't even go make myself a coffee for 4 hours because the charts were too important.Now I'm lazy as fuck with it, I look at charts and do a few trades, spend maybe 30 minutes a day, but it means a lot of my shitcoins just end up stagnant, I'm not making swing trades, I'm not bothering with anything.
So I turned $10k to 65k in 1.5 months and then in the last 3.5 months turned that 65k into like ~70k and in 6 more months will be happy if i turn 70k into 80k
So you just buy high sell low LTC/ETH/someotherreliablecoin all day and horde BTC?