>be me>actually convinced of BCH>shilled it here weeks ago >army of paid blockstream trolls fuds the shit out of this coinnow suddenly everyone loves BCH, everyones into the tech and tons of shills going around telling people to dump their BTC for BCHI dont trust this shit.
somethings up and were gonna see a lot of pink wojacks.flippening can happen but its not gonna happen today or even this year.
dont get fooled by the shills anons.
Can't pink wojak when u use stop-loss
We've had arguments over BCH since august.
Every thread I've ever seen BCH won the argument.
Biz started out anti BCH but over time the sentiments changed why do you think the values going up?
This was always a contender but retards never saw it until it pumped 400%.
Wait for the anti-bitcoin gold shillers
Oh look, a btc idiot holding an empty bag is now spreading fudWe don’t need “people telling us to dump btc for bth.” People are doing it on their own after researching and finding out bch is technologically better than shitty btcThe fact that you can’t see this simple fact means your coping for your loss.
Enjoy your $7800 btc purchase lose value
I've been shilling BCH here as well and got my stack around 0.06 BTC.
I believe in the flippening.
BTC chain will die.
Blockstream lost.
Everyone gtfo before it’s too late
implying biz was won over by logic and reasonyou shitting me anon?something fishys going onsuddenly everyones shilling BCH and is all over it.
a couple of weeks ago noone wanted to touch it.sure biztards are a bunch of lemmings and are all over whatever is mooning right nowbut this seems coordinated.
tons of shills going around FOMOing the hell out of BCH.
there is something goin on here and I dont like it
Gtfo out of bitcoin* my bad didn’t elaborate
implying /biz/ knows what a stop-loss is
fuck knows ive been scalping this shit all day and went from 0.3 btc to 0.41, recently got in at 2000k sat, this fucker better hit 2100k sats soon.
did you even read what I wrote you dipshit?Im hodling both BCH and BTCand I shilled BCH here weeks agoonly to be met by a bunch of agressive blockstream trollsnow Im getting the exact same vibe from BCH shills like you.
bcc is about to explode :)
Be me>Be smart>Hold both BTC and BCH>Not lose out either way it goes.
implying biz was won over by logic and reasonYou'd be surprised especially early on there was one poster I swear was Roger Ver.
Convinced me to switch over because he destroyed the segshit shills.
What should be alarming you is the amount of LN futures shills that are coming out of nowhere and samefagging like crazy.
It's simple.
Bitcoin sucks and shouldn't continue the way it is.
S2x was going to be the solution but that's called off.
Everyone now sees bch as the solution.
It's simple.
Bitcoin sucks and shouldn't continue the way it is.
S2x was going to be the solution but that's called off.
Everyone now sees bch as the solution.nobody gave a shit about the scaling dramaso suddenly everybody woke up to wtf was going on?
and conveniently the S2x was called off too?I call bullshitthere is something super shady going and and I wouldnt be surpised if BCH fags get dumped on in the next cpl of days and BTC starts mooning again.FWIW Im hodling free BCH and bought BTC at 2000 so Im sitting pretty comfy here.
Im just pissed I didnt buy more BCH at 500 out of pure lazyness.
At 500 I was curious, at 750 I was getting worried, yesterday at 900 I was very close to trading all into bch and I just woke up and it's at fucking 1250.
What the fuck is going on??
no clue whats going on anonno idea whos jewing who anymoreI almost believe this is some reverse psyop to get people to dump their BTC and then crash BCH... which would kill the trust in it for quite some time.but who the fuck knowsmaybe its the flippening for real but I doubt it
You need to leave biz once and awhile.
Everyone cared about the scaling drama while everyone here was losing money chasing pump and dump garbage.
BTC losses eat all your BCH gains>smartI have 18 BCH for every BTC.
Feels pretty good..
All those thoughts have been on my mind for the past week and it's killing me not knowing.
FUD is real
What do you want to know?
Implying your stop-loss will fill when it tanks.
Not a guarantee buddy.
4301733
is this for real?https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrthis fag called on July 30th that S2x fork would be called off.not sure what to make of this shiti know rightno idea what to make of this shit
Life is all about getting more btc, nothing can stop me from gaining sats.
This is all game theory, I want to win the game, I want all the sat.
And it just continues to rise...
I know once I buy in it's gonna turn and drop leaving me with bags
It's a pump and dump.
Hahaha it's not that easy to dump btc now...Check https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions :)
You don't remember the Segwit2x fork dying?
Bitcoin's only feasible chance of scaling?
Yeah that's dead and there's literally zero answers on the table as to how I'm supposed to use Bitcoin as an attractive payment method anytime soon.
Implying most people don't have their money in either Coinbase or an exchange where they can trade into USDT
yeah noone gave a shit about the scaling drama a week ago when BTC was going ballisticthis has Pump and Dump written all over it.
Jihan Wu Nov 10https://twitter.com/JihanWu?lang=en"BCH community needs to learn a hard lesson.
Be friend with other competing coins, learn from them, and make BCH better.
Don't play hatred, don't wish competing coins ill. Just wish and try to make BCH better.
"Does he implying big dump?
https://twitter.com/JihanWu/status/926076475656126466@JihanWu>Bitcoin is Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin Cash.
This is the biggest pump and dump since the pre ripple conference.
4fags think this shit can dethrone the king.
This place is worse than reddit.