Should I just get into bitcoin now?I want to wait for it do dip a couple hundred dollars before buying and holding, but I feel like it's just going to go up to 7K and every minute I wait I'm reducing whatever gains I could possibly get.
The gains on BTC are gone for the most part unless you're going to buy and sell in bulk.+
buy, it's in a dip rn
So what currency should I get into?
It will dip to 5000.
Look at longterm chart.
Just be patient
It's still needs to dim more.
Wait.
reminder:https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/100-billion-hedge-fund-man-group-plans-to-add-bitcoin-to-investment-universe/
What's the significance of this?Not saying there won't be any, just genuinely clueless on a lot of the nuance within currency markets and trying to learn
At what price would you recommend buying?other than 5 years ago
seems like a safe bet, won't be a massive return without a massive investment though
Yeah, as you know it's not going to be some huge return anymore - and sure it will dip at some point below this price, but it will likely keep going up.
It's better than stocks still when using a small sum of money, yet safer than alts.
when will you faggots learn to dollar cost average?if you have $500 set aside for this buy $10 now and then if it continues down buy $15 then $20 etc, worst case scenario you still come out okay just don't go all-in at any given timebut use an exchange where this actually makes sense to doyou can always buy more when a better uptrend is confirmed
Normie money is what we want to come into bitcoin.
We want Stacy's and Chad's the start putting their money in - but they want it all to be regulated and in USD so hedgefunds and ETFs start to make sense.
also if you believe bitcoin will continue to decline just sell swap contracts (WITH NO LEVERAGE you FUCKING GAMBLING MADMAN) to take advantage of the dollar difference with the only fees being a transfer in and out of bitmex.
this is exactly what these contracts are made for, you just can't be an americlap.
https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09
nibba, buy btc now.
its in a dip.
ideally you shouldve bought at 5.8k.
if a jump by $800 isnt an uptrend confo, idk what is.
let this bch mess die down in the next few days and btc will continue to climb to 5 figures by 2018
don't listen to this cuck OP, if you aren't using at least 25x leverage you will never make it