Name me one shitcoin that will not become a bloated mess with horrible tx fees if scaled to the size of payment services like Visa.Protip: You can't
visa promissory notes nominated in Bitcoin
Simple.
IOTA.
this
LINK
This is why the smart long-term investors are picking projects that'll utilize Plasma OP.
s o l v e d
Look at Coss
The absolute state of linkies.
Easy, IOTA
?Average Visa is sub 2000 tps.BCH with like a 168MB blocksize is on par with Visa btw.
Dont' have the exact number but it was something like that.
Keep accumulating.
Soon we will all have blonde, blue-eyed whores
This
WavesStellarRippleIota (haven't been proven yet, only looks good on paper)
Crypto will never replace conventional payment systems.
It doesn't need to, it has a different purpose.
Also IOTA is shit, it technically doesn't even qualify as a crypto currency since a central coordinator runs all the transactions.
And don't even get me started on the endless vulnerabilities, lack of double spend protection, and untested homebrewed ternary hash function.
So you shills can fuck right off
visa promissory notes nominated in Bitcoin
it has a different purposeWhat is crypto's purpose?
ArkThat's the whole point
EOS
this.
just dont buy iota and ure fine though.
its absolute unsafe shit.
I know they just keep making promises with no proof
BTS
RaiBlocks.
It's IOTA but it actually works.
<---
The only one that stands a chance is ETH and it’s underlying blockchains through plasma.
Nothing else has been put under as much scrutiny and is open source.
It’s really the only chance we have.
pffft can't NEO do like 10000 transaction per second?GAS the currency of the future
Feathercoin
NEOyou also get free GAS if you dont fuck with Buttrex.
Bitcoin, as soon as people actually utilize Segwit and LN or similar is being implemented.
they really need to quick about it though, fees and times really are starting to get out of hand, this is coming from someone holding 80% in BTC, why was segwitx2 actually cancelled anyway?, no alex jones's please.
IOTA
This is where the Tangle actually makes the most sense.
I just hate that it's not truly decentralized.
It becomes nothing more than a Blockchain based Visa at that point.At least Bitcoin Cash isn't afraid of big blocks, though it's barely any more decentralized than IOTA.
Treazarcoin TZC ALL THE WAY BABY
this is the exact purpose for coins like XLM and XRP