https://twitter.com/Bitfinexed/status/932416697260236800
https://wallet.tether.to/transparency
https://web.archive.org/web/20171119180344/https://wallet.tether.to/transparency
bitfinex isn't mtgox, are you a newfag or what
its waaay worse
You are the newfag because you didn't read>don't shoot the messenger
Bitfinex isn't worse than Mintpal or Cryptsy.
You can tell when an exchange stink.
Holy fuck, are we #Tethergate now?
FUD flavor of the month.
*yawn*
Of the monthThere have been threads on this since July.
would this fuck up bittrex?
Its best to pray it's not true and that if it is they manage to skate on this and resolve it quietly behind the scenes.Everyone gets fucked if this Goxxes.
It would fuck up the whole market in general, so yes.
Bittrex holds USDT, so also yes.
This is a doomsday scenario, I would exit and plan a rebuy in a month for dirt cheap.
Yeah, but they didn't get much traction until that bitfinexed guy released that super FUD blog post.
Now no one will shut up about it like some big scandal was uncovered.
All that's missing is evidence of any kind.
https://mobile.twitter.com/flibbr/status/932567564521279488Fuck off bitfinexed
USDT isn't just on bitfinex.
It's on most exchanges, and it more than likely is lying about it's USD backing.You guys really don't understand how big of a shit show this could quickly become.
Like people lose it all type shitshow.
It didn’t get much traction until the cashies needed a reason to explain why their shitcoin failed.
Then it was retard shit central
Fuck off you retard ffs, tether isn't even 2% of total crypto market cap
Actually, 0.003%
Bch bags getting heavy?
T I N F O I LINFOIL
Friendly thread reminder all anti-Bitfinex and anti-Tether fags are literally angry Jews from New York screaming at the top of their lungs that the goyim know.
You retards have been saying that for six months alreadyWhen the fuck is this supposed "shitshow" going to happen?
Dear sweet good you are actually mentally retarded.
Enjoy losing your money you fuckboi, I regret making an attempt to help you.
As soon as people get a definitive answer on of tether is actually USD backed like it's supposed to be.Then the crash comes.
Just fucking play it safe for fucks safe.
Keep your shit somewhere you can easily turn it into Fiat in case something happens, but otherwise do your normal thing with trading.
I'm just saying that if this does happen you aren't going to be able to transfer from a paper wallet to an exchange in any reasonable time since that's what everybody will be doing, and you will sell for an insane loss.
Tether is a cryptocurrency.
It's not backed by anything nor does it claim to be.
Omg
Is that IsraelCoin?
We knew that fraud was going to dump.
Not going to happen.The only force that can stop the shitshow is the good ol United States Government.There are not enough people in the crypto world to take it seriously, I hate to say it.But once the feds find out someone is printing USD electronically and using BTC as a method of getting real USD.Good luck.
We're all done.
They don't do business in the United States and you can't redeem tether for USD.
It's almost certainly fraud but I don't think the bluff will be called ever.
USDT -> BTC -> USDIt's literally in the name, just using BTC as a means of transportation.It's a little hard to understand, but that's what it is.Plus it doesn't even matter if they can't get usd directly, they just get a different currency to get to usd.It's basically a big ass money laundering scheme with btc in the middle.
When you have as much money as these exchanges do, nothing is impossible due to not doing business in a certain country.
You do know that when you sold your BTC for USDT, the amount you'll get for USD is less than what you're expected it to be?
Because USDT value =/= 1:1 ratio of USD
And what does that have to do with artificially inflating btc in order to get out n buy lanbos?It doesn't matter, you'll see eventually once the feds get involved.
The Feds will never get involved.
Ya?
Just like sr, lr, bs, bi, and ab?
I guess only bi n lr are two take downs that relate to this, but it's still an impressive record the feds have held over the past 10 years.But in any case, you're just as bad as a nocoiner.Sad.
Don't forget btce, and cryptsy (they may not have caught him, but that's why he exit scammed
The only people who care about USDT are nocoiners who are hoping to spread FUD so they can buy in cheaper.
Even if it is true, exposing it publicly will only hurt everyone who currently holds crypto.