What was the greatest pink wojak incident in history of biz?
the siacoin millionaire may not be the worst but it is my favorite
woolong
ANTSINMYPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Give me the rundown.
Those buying link at 52c during sibos thinking bank partnerships were coming
The guy who invested his savings in LINK and made a few threads about that he was thinking about suicide
I've forgotten most of it but he had all of his assets (which were over 1 million USD) in siacoinand this was at the ATHhe may have refinanced his house for this
Damn.
Did he post any evidence of this?
obligatory honourable mentions go to the dude that bought a fuck tonne of kidscoin at 8 sats and the digicuck who bought 12 btc worth at 2000 sats

was this after china ban?
44836924483468Funny how many newfags are on this board.EASILY ChancoinI have friends who lost 50-100k and sold the bottomELIXER is a close second.
newfags>mentions chancoin and elixirwew laddy
You're the newfag obviously.The greatest incident was obviously the mtgox closure in 2014.
Killed the market for 2 years.
The blood weekend of May 26th-27th.
BTC dumped over 40% in 24hrs following a rapid and steep run up in all crypto assets through the May euphoria.
Nothing was left untouched as every major ALT lost over 50% of it's value in 24hrs.The shear panic and speed of the dump so soon after the recent bull-run was epic and people genuinely thought it was end times.
There was also a TON of new blood on the scene that had never experienced a panic sell-off or bear market like this, had never traded before and never owned crypto.There have been other dumps since, but not as sever and not nearly as fast or brutal.
May 26Huh.
I wasn't around then, why did that happen exactly?
Saiguy came from a rich family and did a mixture of investing 20k and heavily mining when it was pretty much pennies.
His eventual stack hit 1.6mil after the huge bullrun last april.
He's probably down to like 400k at this point, but is still up.
Originally he said that he was just going to hold forever to see what happens, it's not like he needed the money anyway.
DGB probably takes the cake, it literally went from like 2500 sats to 100 sat, and had a lot of good OC memes.
In fact I think pink wojacks were "invented" right around the time of the DGB crash.
There was a lot of hype surrounding Consensus 2016 re.
announcements and such.
Huge amounts of new money was pouring into crypto following XRP and ETHs pumps, everyone though they were going to rich quick.
All the major coins rose parabolicly during the month following (NEW PARADIGM!).
Then BTC hit something stupid like $3000 on Korean exchanges (the west didnt get there) and a selloff began.
Fear and panic ripped through in a genuine race to the exit to consolidate profits.
All the newbies shit themselves, all the long positions got liquidated which always compounds the problem.
A major one comming up
chainlinkthe pink wojak still isnt over kek
lol Koreans at it again then, ggThanks for the summary anon
>newfags here don't remember the SIGTmarinesman that was fun, it's like 99% down from ATH nowadays
The nocoiners got BTFO more than anyone.
This.>Down 98% from ATH
they were already partnered with SIBOS.
it was priced in.
:^)
anyone remember the conference?
the ETH crash from $400 to $250 was pretty pink
what about confido 95% crash in a few hours?
The NEO crash was a pretty good one
 to 170*Reason I remember is cause I shorted it all the way down.
Made a nice 14k.Good times.
Sure do.
nobody gonna say the half-flippening from just 10 days ago?BTC was getting literally destroyed before our eyes, kekonly thing that saved it was Bithumb admins pulling the plugs on their servers because BTC was going to zero in minutes
confido was pretty goodDGB was just brutal given the huge market cap it had
I remember him, wasnt he the guy who was sewing those LINK plushies?
His car broke down and he lost his job in KFC.
He was german as well.
Nope, that was the first major crash from 3k to below 2k back in May I think.
No because that was literally nothing, summer this year was the worst pink wojack time of them all.
There was even a time when ETH dipped from 300 to under a dollar for a short moment and the entire board was saying that BTC would not increase in value for the rest of the year.
Also it was right after the death of DGB and other popular alts
Yeah it was great Literally 40% swings every 30 seconds, then from like +80% profit to -30% loss in an hour.
I wonder how many of those BCH shills are holding huge 2K BCH bags right now crying into their sleep
The guys who bought futures in btc2xAnyone know if they got the shit refunded or it was a 100% loss?
Back when there were no cashies.
Now we get pink wojaks when bitcoin goes UP from nocoiners and cashies.
take a risk for 5-7x>lose>get refundedjust no
what happened?
4483915Other than mtgox I’m thinking that this whole deal with tether and bitfinex is going to be the next big one.
Will be interesting to see if things go differently this time around.
/24/2017
people panic sold BTC when reach 5400 USD and then FOMO into BCH when it was at 2500 USD
The flash crash of ethereum comes to mind
24th month
The big JUSTening of summer 2017.
That's when this meme was born
SIGT was a big fat mess, but at least the "SIGT 2.0" devs are offering a 1/4 swap free of charge for their new shitcoin.t.
a SIGTmarine who made 1.3 BTC worth and went back to a profit of only .4