Okay everyone's distracted by this fomo bch rally and a lot of retards are dumping alts to chase the pump and a lot of alts seem to be bottoming out nicely due to thisWhat alts are you buying anon and do you have any recommendations?
And don't tell me to buy fucking LINK faggots
RCN
NEO,XVG,BNT,ETP,XMR
Stratis, XLM & DGB for me anon.What about you?
I wouldn't buy anything.
Come next year every single alt is gonna die a horrible death.Why?I'd tell you if you weren't a filthy snakeoil peddling faggot.
XLM and XRP
RCN at 1400 sats MODLRC at 13 cents
rofl...the best selection to soon get justed
Some of us aren't born with ADHD and can hold a coin for longer than a few hours
All these wimpy coins will fold when Mooncoin hits India with the force of a billion poos You have been warned.
https://github.com/mooncoindev/mooncoin-0.13/releases/tag/0.13.3
BLOCK
Block, Ark, Link
OMG, KNC, BNB, FCT, and XMR are the only alts to considerMaybe zencash

mmmuuuhh... muh baaags!
VTC, but I'd do LTC if I wanted to be less risky
SONM, slow and steady.
enjoy staying poor
4292416All in block too senpai
But India already has a coin
Tons of shitcoins will die horrible deaths but not every alt.
If you think OMG, XRP, NEM, LINK, ARK etc.
are just gonna go away you're obviously a faggot and have no business being in crypto in the first place.
If the established companies where the big money will end up fail, we all fail.
Shit I hold that I think will do well:NEO, XLM, RPX, UBIQ, MCOShit I don't hold that I think will do well:OMG, LSK, XRP I think at these prices, you'll make money in any good shitcoin.
who else buying up all the china coins in light of the chink takeover
i'm a noob who just bought XRP with 200$, is this bad?
Not if you're looking to hold long term.
Idiots, you're supposed to buy BEFORE the price goes down so you can get in before everyone else.
XVG man, how the fuck is this not more popular on here?Community is active, DEVs are pricks, but that's not uncommon.
Better than piece of shit Monero that's for sure.Just IMO but whatever
Other than LINK: MTH, CAG, MOD, NEO & WTC (chink takeover hedge).
o i am laffin>biggest thing ever happens in xvg history>barely pumps 50%why the fuck would anyone buy a certified shitcoin that claims to be for privacy yet has no real privacy?
don't answer thatif you buy verge you are stupid
Obsidian - ODNBunch of new shit coming on December 4... rebranding, new whitepaper, new website, etc etc, the platform's first public app begin testing shortly after with full release following that
You know you want to.
Bunch of nonsensical retarded shit with nothing to back it up, you’re just another retard
since you dont want LINK posted in the first place, i will list othersDBIX/SALT/LSK
OMG for life
IOTA
coss.io
RIP!
I made .05btc in less than 2 hours just trading on fucking GDAX... Go bitch to your doctor and get yourself some adderall/yvanse...
I've been on a gnarly coke/amp bender and I'm not gonna stop till i crush trade my paperclip up to a house.
all in iexec rlc