Can someone explain these walls and explain what is going on in this pic?
Can people tell if a coin is going to for sure moon by these charts alone ?
I saw some one a couple days ago pointed one of these charts with NEO and was exactly Yes right when mooned for a full day.
As far as I know, these big walls on the "buy" side are whales wanting to increase the value of the cryptocurrency in question.
Walls on the "sell" side are whales wanting to decrease the price.
But I don't understand by what mechanic this happens or the specifics - I hope another anon can help fill things in.
Pew pew pew
The absolute state of biz.It shows how many buy/sell orders placed at what price.
powr is in a uptrend its newly listed on trex its safe for short time gains but it can instantly fall and remain in the anus for months and be the scar of pnd
85% of buys/sells is done directly, not by setting orders in advance.
I am retarded.
What do fake sell walls even do?
Say I throw up a huge wall at 0.1 btc for some shitcoin.
Why does that stop other people from buying above that price?It's like I am offering to buy a bunch of lemons for a $1 and everyone behind me has to wait to buy their lemons even if they want to pay $1.01.
you are confusing.. you are the seller so they are not waiting behind you.. they buy all yours until you have nothing more then go to the one offering 1.01
for example hear in this pic..suggests no moon ??
?too big of walls...
It means there's a lower chance of the price dropping below ~7,4k and a good chance of it gradually going up.
25 BTC wont stop anything with some real momentum/hype
how you figure ~7.4 would stop the bleeding and slight chance of going up when their is so many sell off orders coming up?
There's a big buy wall at that point meaning there would need to be bought 100 worth of it for it to be eaten, whereas someone could drop only 50 worth of it and it would increase to 8,5k
something like this i guess?
A lot of the time you'll see some whale in the order book with a huge order a bit below the current market price.
But his plan isn't to actually buy, what happens is people see that order then go "oh fuck this shit's getting up, better jump just above this guy", then they start buying up and the whale mysteriously drops his asking price.
I assume he's actually pushing the price up with this to sell bags and never actually intends to buy at all.Regarding sell side walls I think it's just people wanting to offload more than anything else.