All the stoners and frat boys in my college who don't put any effort into school are accounting majors?
Is it an easy job?
If so, why does it pay well?
Brap boys
No fap is truly impossible on this fucking website
Why is this girl so popular here?
Look at her
I'm both.
Ask me anything.
I jacked off 15 mins ago and I'm giving it another go ffs.And I've done the 90-day challenge before I came here.
Flat chested thot
.
Do you enjoy it?
2.
Are you in a major firm or bank?
3.Can you make a lot of money if you go to business on your own?
4.
Is accounting going to get annihilated by automation.
Not liking skinny white girlsPoor taste
It pays well if you can pass your CPA exams and get a job at a national or large regional firm to start your career.
Then you can either stick around and try to get on the partner track or go off and work a good corporate accounting job.
Those jobs are very competitive though, so if you don't have good grades from a good school and don't interview well, you probably won't be making "professional class" money.
So what are the employment opportunities for all the state school kids who party for four years and have ok grades?
Accounting is probably the easiest industry to automate that there is.
How soon do you think?
its the equivalent of seeing a rolex to us, she would make a nice accessory
Frat boys are attractive so they get girls like OP all the time.Meanwhile us incels have to suffer throught college which means everything becomes x1000 times harder.It's a scam.
easy jobDegrees aren't jobs anon.Just because you get an accounting degree doesn't mean you automatically work at a fortune 500 company.Those guys could end up being a general manager at a mcdonalds.
No, but there are many people who try to be doctors or engineers without studying for 40 hours a week that wash out.
It just seems like you cannot give a fuck about school and still have at least a C average in accounting.
You are moving the goal post.Are these stoners and frat boys or just C average students?One implies a serious personality defect that will affect your ability to get a job.You also haven't said anything other than degrees are easy.A degree doesn't get you a job.The lack of a degree prevents you from getting job which means its a baseline of all applicants.Everyone applying for that accounting position has an accounting or economics degree.
Totes easy job.
Paid a lot in the forlorn hope you won’t need to steal from them
I am not moving goalposts, you are not reading properly.
Reread my OP.>All the stoners and frat boys in my college who don't put any effort into school are accounting majors
It’s happening as we speak.
Financial analysis is safe for now.
Accounting is also turn more into a analysis role in regards to the automated accounting systems.
Angle is all
Dude, wtf are you talking about?
Accounting is considered a higher tier white collar jobs.
Other such professions include: lawyer, doctor, engineer, etc.
All of these require extensive education (I know law is a kinda easy profession to get in, but those who do not apply are working for 40k a year), yet a large portion of people who are majoring in accounting do not take college seriously.
I was asking if they are getting high paying jobs upon graduation.
That is a statement not a question.Is it an easy job?That is your question.The ease of getting a degree does not correlate to an easy job.Those stoners and frat boys can get an accounting degree and then become general managers at mcdonalds.It would be another thing if you said "all the accounting employees at my job are stoners and frat boys.
Is it an easy job?
"Instead you said "all these guys at college are stoners and frat boys.
"They could do jack shit with their degrees for all you know.
A starting salary for a staff accountant is like $40k.
They max out at like $80k if you don’t get into management or financial analysis.
That is a statement not a question.Yeah, I am guessing you are one of the people I mentioned in OP.
This answers another question I had, thank you.
getting high paying jobs upon graduationStoners and frat boys are not getting fortune 500 jobs.Just because they are getting the degree does not mean they are getting the job.The job itself is cushy as fuck but there is actual vetting and excessive drinking and doing drugs are red flags for people who will be handling your company's money.
Thank you.
Accounting can be used for investment banking if they can move around an income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flow with their eyes closed.
Makes dcf easy
Ok, thank you.I was asking because I know a kid who does not do anything not high on weed and claims how accounting is a 60k starting job and a "top professional degree, yada yada yada" yet he is a B/C student
Isn't IB just a glorified sales job?
4348984At higher levels
/biz/ just masquerades as a crypto board but in fact is p0rn
Used car salesmen or dad's company
CPA here.
>Do you enjoy it.
Not really but its easy and well paid.
>Are you in a major firm or bank.
I work in a private company.
Don't fall for the accounting firm meme.
They are sweatshops.
>Can you make a lot of money if you go to business on your own?
Yes, finding clients can be tricky.
I have a friend that does winters at a tax firm and he uses that to find clients for book-keeping.
>Is accounting going to get annihilated by automation?Not any time soon.
Most low level repetitive stuff has already been automated yet the demand for accountants is still through the roof.
The real world is very messy and only non-programmers fall for the automate everything slippery slope.
Those are the ones that land the CPA jobs at a big four.
Don't be memed about good grades, just join all the accounting fraternities, be likable as fuck, get an internship, and you will get a top job.
It really is a Chad profession despite the pencil pusher nerd stereotype.
I got burned for being a recluse despite good grades.
I lucked out and got a government job and probably make more than all the CPA Chads anyways only working 40 hour weeks instead of killing myself 80 hour weeks half of the year.Go into computer sciences.
People have been saying that for years and it has not happened yet, mostly because the people who keep saying so don't understand jack shit about what we actually do.Staff accountants are purely industry.
I'm working as a first year at a national firm and I'm making $57K a year.They are indeed sweatshops giving the hours worked in busy season but the whole point is you are a useless bottom feeder expected to learn fast and quickly become knowledgable.OP, do it if you have no passion in life that won't get you paid.
people who keep saying so don't understand jack shit about what we actually doWhat do you actually do?
Also, not meming or anything, just want to know some more details.I know some real basic shit from taking several required accounting classes as a business major, so I'm not completely braindead.
Why is there a picture of my GF on this fucking board in an OPWhat the actual fuck???
I still have no real idea as I'm still a fucking boot but so far we went to the client site, got their GL details, I had to do a metric asston of pivots and vlookups (seriously, they had me do this for at least 20 hours last week), reconcile journals and GL after a data migration from one AIS to another, discovered that didn't quite reconcile so now we have to wait and get subsidiary details from a company that was sold off six months ago and under completely different management and make sure it wasn't a fuck up on their end, did a fuckton of selections, filled out a form for every single one and calculated the number of selections necessary, had to run field statistics on every single one, document everything I did like an autist so some other accounting dipshit can go through my work and be able to redo everything I did and understand my process.
I wasn't even on the team when they finished the Q and we still had so much to do in the short window of time.
I haven't even done the real (((expert))) work yet, which will be testing all these fucking selections, making sure there's no significant departures from GAAP, making sure they aren't channel stuffing or doing bullshit repo sales, hiding debt or not violating their debt covenants, doing physical inventory counts freezing my ass off in a warehouse in bumfuck nowhere, doing walkthroughs and running tests on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting.This is just stuff I've picked up on over the course of a month.
It'd be nigh fucking difficult to find any set of shareholders willing to trust code monkeys to do an audit, especially when there are extensive legal requirements and exposure to liability.
I'll probably be back to bitch even more about this in a few months when busy season actually starts.
At least I'm not doing pension benefits, some other grunt got stuck doing those.