If /biz/ actually shilled this shit OUTSIDE of 4chan we might actually see some real gains one day.
The problem isn't with the community, it's with the developers themselves.
Mmmmm there isnt a community anywhere outside of here cutie pie.
i tried this by making a discord.
If biz spent just half the effort they do tweeting and retweeting chain link news, discussion, and memes instead of shitposting on /biz/, chainlink would develop an actual following.
but, /biz/ is just too autistic to do that.
r/linktrader
Reddit is full of fucking retards.
You cant be serious...?
Build it and they will com my friend.
Don't worry in the very near future this fucker will sell its self
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the emergency room at the McHospital.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
LINK>sell>REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Linkies tried this once with reddit and the Normies caught onto the shilling pretty quickly and labelled it "that 4chan pump and dump"The link subreddit is full of biz posters anyway
4514432The problem is ADHD children like you that don't understand patience.Why do you want a hype pnd coin?
There's thousands of others
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
Unless you are shilling to board rooms don't bother.
We don't need normie money to moon.
>got so scared from this latest "moon" that I just gave up forever and bought in 100%k links>tfw I will never have 100k linkies
Ok guys.
Real talk here.
Some real serious talk about to go down.
Ok so.
So like, how many of us... Alright so, how many people from /biz/ do you anctually think will make millions off this coin?
Anyone with 100k who holds for 3 years.
Anyone with 50k who holds for 5.
Ah, the "wagecuck average joe getting rich off 10 grand" delusion.
Crypto is a joke
Excuse me senpai, but how is that a joke?
If I had 10 grand to invest in ETH last year when I bought at $8, I'd have $475k right now.
Instead I had 0 and had to sell two weeks later to pay rent.
Now I have that 10 grand, and I'm telling you right now, this is a top 10 coin.
k would do it if link ever hit $1000
Sorry i meant $100
If you only have 10k i wouldnt invest it all in link.
Dont be greedy, use like 2k and see where you will be in 3 years.
If you buy link now with 2k you should get 10000 link coins.
If it ever hit $100 you will have 1mill
What would you suggest besides LINK?
Not looking for a balanced portfolio.
Im not one to give you financial tips but if i was putting all my saving in coins.
I would go 80% on ether and the other 20% on link or another alt you think has potential
idiots like you are what is going to keep me from reaching my target bag goal of 500k.
i dont want any hype about LINK.
matter of fact, i dont want anyone to know about it.
i dont tell anyone about it and i dont share anything about it.
i want the price to drop to .01 and i want that price right now damnitall of you fucking adhd faggots crying about 'why arent they hyping it' hurr durr you fuckin idiots, its better in the long run that they dontfurthermore its not even ready to be hyped, no finished product as of yethalf of you fucking low life bums need to just rope yourselvesif you were interested in making any real money youd be focused on making the price of link drop
This guy is on to it.
Im the same bro.
Im a poor fag but trying my best to get as much as possible and yeah i would give a fuck if it hit 1c, even better for me to buy up for when the product is out and the real hype start.Don't worry about biz, sure most of these faggots are 15 with a few hundred dollar they got for their birthday thinking if they put it on link they would be rich in a few days.
Fucking retards, also in the normal business world alot of thing are kept under wrap untill they are 500 percent sure the product is ready and not going to be a shitty flop
Im glad to see their are linkies who are realistic, i was not planning on link hitting $1 till mid next year to be honest
The daily biz comparisons between eth and chainlink, LOL different leagues, links a dead coin that's had its p and d, it's over.
YOU LOSE
I'd use your strategy if I had 100k.
But alas I don't, so I'll use my greedy strategy.
You think we want LINK to go up yet?Dumb ass the idea is to keep it as low as possible for as long as possible.
The news is coming but til the we push it down the toilet as far as it will go.
This guy fucks.
Ahhhh I get it, kind of like when you have to push your stool down the toilet to unclog it while the CEO of SmartContract.com is giving his presentation in the next stall.
Hehehe.
Doody.
So your target is 500k LINK??
That must mean you have enough for 250k ast least right now right?
Maybe 150k?
What do you plan on holding while links spins around in the toilet?
Maybe we can share some trade secrets.
You k now, occupational courtesy?