Does anyone doubt for a second that chainIink is going to be worth $10-$20/coin within 1 year?
I would like to know so I can screencap your remarks and make fun of you.
I'm also interested in how many dummies are actually lurkin' this here board.
Im a 20k bagholder and my hands are made of iron.
I will literally hold this till it becomes worth 0.On that note I dont actually beleive I will make money off of it, I dont know why I just dont feel like it will happen
No one doubts that but right now the risk is too high unless you're a whale.
ThisFerls un real
We all know its gonna be worth $20.00 around these camp sites.
Q3 2018
grats, glad to see the delusion is fading for some of you retarded bagholders
a major gamechanging project with massive partnerships will never go above ICOlololol
deluded bagholder.jpg
What makes you think will be worth so much?
Your dreams and wishes?
Sorry buddy it doesn't work like that Maybe you should do some actual research into the project and what purpose the tokens serve
serves to make you sad son
Serves to make you poor son>down 80%Literally Lmao
Its an odd sort of feel.
Ive done loads of my own research and it points to a moon mission but the concept of me getting a million dollars seem so alien.
Million NZD just btw not USD
I m B u y i ng M o r eM o t h e r B i t c h.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
You bought into the retarded hype.
Link is just another shitcoin.I bought BCH at $200 levels, currently sitting at $1700 a pop but within a year it will at least quadruple from today's pumped price.
I know they think that I shouldn't still hodl you,Or tell them that.But if I didn't say it, well I'd still have felt itWhere's the sense in that?I promise I'll just shill you even harderJust return to the price we wereBut I will go down with this shipAnd I won't put orders up and sell youThere will be no big dump you just ask forI'm holding bags and always will be
wOW, X8 GAINS!
!Lol, you must be new :-) LINK is going more around x2000 fyi
Once you start making money, think hard before letting go.
That 20k could take you places.
>the absolute state of FUDders
most people will be selling early, thats the reality of all this.
the good news is we who hold longest will be rewarded the most.
She's still fine
Cuter without makeup desu
Me too
hi, see 
4 shit posts in this thread>rent free