Hello, brazilian here, i got around 20k in brl to invest on something, in what do you think it would be worth to invest, i don't want something with too much risk, because if i lose it i'm fucked, the money is entirely mine, it is not a loan, but it was hard to save.
Ark.
k in brlSo, like 20 bucks?
Have a look at VeChain, a very promising ICO released in Oct. they already have a working product and partners such as Givenchy and AWC tackling the fraud industry.
I invested close to 2K USD and made good gains so far, it's a good long run hold.Read the whitepaper, very bright future ahead.
Its around six thousand dollars, i think it is a good start
Don't go all in at once.
Try starting with like $200 first and see how it turns out.
50% BTC and the rest any alt coin with potential.
NEO, Monero and Vertcoin
Wait until the next crypto crash to buySeriously
Thanks for the tip, i'm going to read about itI have a decent PC is Monero profitable to mine it worth it to mine monero myself?When it starts crashing, how can i know when it will start going up again?And before i forget, thanks for the help you´re giving
You buy after it starts going up.
Don't try to catch a falling knife.
btc porra
You can buy 0.0000001 eth w that
dont bother with bitcoin, the returns aren't there right now for smaller investments, but don't buy any shit people shill you on here, it's all shit, and it has as much chance of going up as picking any random alt.with 3k i would stick to coins smaller than 200-300 million cap, and no smaller than 50-75 million.
All cryptocurrencies look a bit random right now, isn't there any other investment i could make that would give me nice returns?
Espere a próxima correção da bitcoin e compre, daqui há uns 20 dias talvez.
O que seria esta correção?
Dude you can reach the moon with USD if you're trading hey ice.
BR here..Spent 4000 temers on bitcoin, 3000 to hold on bitcoin, and 1000 to play with other currencies.
(you trade btc for it)...BTC will be worth in long and mid long term.If you never saw the chart then get used to the fact that he thing go up and down a lot, dont worry, just hold it.
Some people expect it to reach 10k trumps until the end of year, it is unpredictable but it may be worth a lot.Forget the guy talking in huesileiro about the update, he is talking about segwit2x, (google it) it was canceled today so no point to wait.After you learn more you may invest better with the rest of the money, its a crazy ride...For other cryptos, NULS and NEO looks interesting, but there is a fair amount of luck to win a lot with other coins.
is even more unprecitable than BTC but its definetly worth a try.
Quando o valor sobe muito rapidamente, costuma chegar em um ponto em que um grande número de pessoas vendem (dizem que nesse momento está "bolhado") pra lucrar com a subida.O bitcoin subiu insanamente nos últimos 30 dias, falam de correções desde que ele chegou em 5k dólares, e já passou disso faz tempo.Um dos motivos para ser uma bolha momentânea seria que muita gente estava comprando bitcoin por causa dos dois hardforks que aconteceriam por agora (um ocorreu, o outro foi cancelado).Com o fork cancelado hoje, muitas altscoins já subiram bastante, de gente que usou bitcoins para comprá-las (conforme o bitcoin subiu nos últimos tempos, as altcoins, em sua maioria, caíram muito).Porém, eu já não estou tão confiante de que essa correção ocorrerá.O valor oscilou bastante hoje, chegando a 7k dólares, mas enquanto escrevo já está quase em 7400 novamente.O motivo de eu não confiar que ocorrerá uma correção é que, sempre que o bitcoin atinge um valor emblemático, como 5k, 6k, 7k, vira notícia, aumenta o interesse e o número de pessoas entrando e querendo comprar.O número de novos cadastros nas exchanges nas últimas semanas é insano.Assim, o que eu penso é que o valor só irá subir.
Ainda que alguns saoa, para ir pras alts, pensando que o bitcoin vai despencar, muito mais gente, que recentemente ganhou interesse pela moeda, vai aproveitar as pequenas quedas para entrar.