Why is every thread on this board about bitcoins and other cryptocurrency-shit?This was supposed to be a board for advice on entrepeneurship, improving your business, personal finance.
investments in housing and career advice.
Not a board for >HURR DURR CHECK OUT THIS NEW PYRAMIDSCHEME, GET EASY MONEY QUICK HERE, JUST BUY SOME E-COINS BEFORE THEY ARE WORTHLESS, WE ARE ALL GONNA BE MILLIONAIRES!!!1!
!11
Nice try bitcoiner, you wont be able to stop us from selling BTC for altcoins now that Seg2x is over.
No it wasn't this board was created because too many people were making threads about crypto on /b/
people are free to post whatever business shit they want here.
problem is it's all memes and the only way to make money is crypto.
>>Kid who thinks he's an entrepreneur can't even see the biggest investment opportunity in history
My first time here and all I saw ways bitcoin stuff until I found this thread.
Im worried.
Real /biz/nessmen follow the money.
Right now, crypto is by far the most promising and easiest way to make money.
t. made $200,000 this year by posting on /biz/ and trading crypto
Investments in housingStay poor boomer
4251524>Real /biz/nessmen follow the money.>Right now, crypto is by far the most promising and easiest way to make money./threadThe board is not "pretending being James Bond"... the board is "make money and make it fast, faggot" and right now crypto gives money.
No one wants your retarded low returns boomer ponzi schemes
How I can learn about cryptocurrencies and how to make money with it?Is there any guide or something?
Where should I start?
No one here wants to work.
It is all about watching anime while making a bare minimum living investing in cryptocurrency.
Anyone have any idea what they are going to do with their money they make from crypto?
Assuming you made enough to invest for retirement, what would you all do?
Real estate?
Stocks?
Im thinking just a boring ol' S&P 500 index fund myself.
I cant see how being a landlord would be good.
Just have people fuck your houses up.
we have 1 for stocks and 1 rukia poster doing forex
nocoinerFuck outta my board faggot.
Starting a business now is, quite frankly, a huge waste of time, money and energy.
The risk and stress is not worth it when you can simply pump all your biz cash into bitcoin and let it run for a year.
All my assets are 50% bat crazy shit, 50% index fund.I hope to retire at ~40yo
I would buy a condo and put the rest into mutual funds and bonds.