Obvious descending triangle forming on POWR, get ready for a dip to 8500 sats :)Just giving you guys the heads up.
But venus is aligned with jupiter.
The trend should go up!
see you at 15k at the end of the week
I never said i'm not bullish on it, i'm just saying it will dip, so you guys can sell and buy the dip, and therefore have bigger gains when POWR moons again.That's what i'm doing.
reminds me a lot of digibyte
literally textbooknice work
Time to dump!
Its pumping right now
it broke up not downop what do
wtf op im losing so much i have to buy in higher
Hello again Anon.
It is I, Lain.
I have awoken from my slumber as my price alarm hit me and told me that 8k is coming soon.Here is the chart I was posting yesterday before I went to sleep.
As you can see, the price movement lines, which I drew 14 hours ago have been being followed quite well.This is it.
The it the final try and pump up.
This gives the 30 min stoch RSI one final push up, to allow for the harsh dip that will follow in the next 15 to 45 minutes.Good luck on your trades.
Next stop 8200Love,Lain
I WANT TO GET OFF POWRS WILD RIDE
If you bought at ATH, don't sell now.
We will see a large dip in just a short bit, but this weekend or very early next week, we will see new ATH.
By the end of the week, we will break 15k.
Why would anyone sell?
It's doing the same shit it has done after every pump.
Stabilize a new floor and then blast off.
It's going to keep doing this.This is a real company, making real moves.
POWR is consolidating at 10k-ish since hours.
Any news will skyrocket the price.
A lot of holders are into POWR, and for sure its holding that makes you a lot of profit.
Look at those who bought bitcoin at 2$ and sold at 8$.
Lol... why you never learn ?
Its by holding that you make profit.
Let the people make their 200$ while you are a millionaire.
Dont ride the hype, invest in something you believe in.
And we believe in POWR.
Q4 2018 huge gains.Be patient and you will succeed.
We are still early in crypto, look around you nobody has any clue about it in general population.
You think 2011 BTC buyers were early ?
Yes they were, we are too.
Hold and chill guys and we are all gonna make it.This POWR thing is so pro, good team, good product, good marketing (remember the annoucements of announcements of fake news by NEO ?
), good ability to make deals with important companies and last but not least : a step into politisc of a G20 country (Dr MILF is the Deputy Mayor of Perth and already got a contract with aus gouv).it will only go up from now.
but yeah keep on day trading and make+1%-5%+4%-1%...oh by the end of the year i made 2% profit HUGE !
While hodlers will be millionaire because they control their gut and they are not emotion driven.
You know we say that you have to trade with the money you can afford to lose.
Its not because you might lose it, its because if you have fear and are emotion driven you will make bad decisions.
Its trading 101, the cryptoworld is still so noob about those kind of things geez hahahai better be the Bitcoin holder of 2011 than the Bitcoin trader of 2011.
Its the same thing here.BMW said by 2020 all their products will be with renewable energy.
Elon Musk is gonna join now or later but its pretty sure, knowing the guy (not FOMOing but if you know the guy you know what i mean).
Why would you not sell at 11k when you can buy back at 7k less than a day later?
because you are not sure of that.
any news and it will skyrocket again and never come back.
like i said they dont make NEO bullshit announcements of announcements.
when its there its already late to rebuy.
you will gain sometimes and lose sometimes.
hodling is a surefire way.
Because that never happens with this coin
I'm trusting you Lain.
You were right last night and I didn't believe you enough and bought a bit too high.
Is .00186 ETH a good buy order to leave up as I go to sleep?
volume increasing, soon breaup
also big buy order wall and little sell order wallconsolidation phase is over, breakup up soon
I've been doing all my charts on BTC so I can't say on the ETH price, but on BTC I think it will drop to 8,200.
If my TA is right, which the chart has been for the last 14 hours.
This dip will be very, very soon, so I'd just stay up.Even after 8200, it will recover a bit, but then head back to 7000.
Use this as guidance for where to set your eth sells, as seen in this chart:
Okay.
I checked the ETH chart....first dip to .000186800 ETH, then recovery to about 210k, then down to 153k ETHIf you use these as guidance, make sure to set with enough flex room, in case its not exact to the prediction on the sat.
Sorry to break it to you but Lain constantly adjusted and his prediction never came, even though he constantly adjusted LOL.
He expected 7k 15h ago, just saying...
4520927Thank you very much Lain.The POWR community is refreshingly very nice.
TA is about probability, not seeing the future through a crystal ball.
He predicted the dips pretty well, just that they weren't as deep as he predicted.
How do you predict this?I keep buying high with qsp and others...
Everybody can predict a dip.
I can tell you that Bitcoin, Eth, any coins will dip.
TA is used to know where it will dip.
If your calculations place the dip off by 20% of the total price, dont do TA.Anyway cryptotraders are not rationals and believe what they want to believe.
Whatever dude its not my money.
Just dont say this guy predicted it coz its wrong, as a fact
If I were to hazard a guess, Fibonacci retracement.
Keen to jump in
 the absolute state of biz
Stoch rsi, ichimoku cloud, rsi, macd, fib retracement, volume, etc.
I realized last night why the price was moving so much slower than I predicted.
Due to an error in my calculations my chart was moving half as slow as it should have.
I adjusted that and made this chart last night before going to be.
As you can see, it has since been following pretty on point for the last 14 hours.
Yeah sure, and in two days you will realize there isno 7k or even 8k dip... "yeah but news are coming out how could i know ?"
"i made adjustments guys, no dip at 8k, everything is going like i said, except for the major dip i predicted and it never happen but it rised and look i predicted a rise so i was right !!"
Lol pajeets...
It's not a descending triangle yet, thanks for the potentially bullish signal though.
its a range, not a descending triangle indeed.
It will stay here until news will come out (or crypto world will open their eyes).
Then it will rise again.
are we gonna see a pump today?
in the next 8 hours or so?
should i HODL?
you should hodl for sure.
i dont know if there will be a pump today but surely when Poloniex and Bitfinex will put it on their market it will rise.
Any news it will rise.
So just hodl its a surefire win.With cryptocurrency its easy to get rich, but its not fast.
Bitcoin hodlers still hodl even if they bought it at 2$ lol.
Just hodl and you will be successful
After it dips to 7k it will recover to about 9700, then flatline for a bit.
Moon later in the week, probably after another small dip.
ATH next week.
Just hold.
There is going to be some dips here and there, but it's going to keep going up.
You're a lying piece of shit you know..This was your first prediction.Still 100% on point right?
Then you moved the goalpost so that you still could brag if it eventually dipped.But it didn't
And then after three hours you "corrected your mistake" and posted this.This doesn't look like the chart you posted on top in this thread does it?
4521479Yea I have a feeling it's basically some faggot that wants the price to drop so he can get in on the action.Elaborate FUD nigger
You also made an ass of yourself trying to predict big papa bitcoin.You've made your point: you suck at this.
Stay the fuck off biz
Thats what i've been saying all along.
Its really retard that some people actually believe in that boi
Why did you say it all along?
Its more fun to laugh at them.
Correction.
That graph wasn't even your first prediction.
You had another one in an earlier thread, but I've failed to find it
The FOMO so the P&D group can buy some bags.
The pump will be in 3 hours.
You are trying to buy some bags now ready for the pump in a few hours is what you are doing ;)
OH, I get it.
'Lain' is part of the P&D group.
Well, go for it.
I am going to hit the gym and when I come back I want this pumping.
You have 3 hours!
Nice fudding.
The FOMO yesterday was especially annoying.
Hope you nearly have all your bags.
I also hope that you telling me in the other thread that the pump was next week wasn't true because I kinda want to dump before that to buy ALIS and ODN :Pt.
autist + I can read your mind muwhahaha.
OK, I am just autistic.