Extremely low market cap.
I heard about this project months ago and there was a lot of hype prior to ICO.
I thought it would sell out quickly and I didn't want to take part in it.
When I found out a week ago that it raised a little more than 2 million$ I couldn't believe it.
Later I found out that they had a little problems with marketing and then after a first week or two they said that they have enough funds to build what they need, and they are going to earn money by making their app extremely profitable for both them and investors.The Financial Commission’s Initial Coin Offering Certification Committee (ICC) division approved Genesis Vision’s ICO initiative.
The certification status followed after a rigorous review of its planned ICO, which included its business and proposed platform.
It passed U.S. Howey Test and it was available for US investors.
Team is extremely professional, they went through all legal reviews and they have hired 2 companies just to make sure their smart contracts were safe.
It means they are being transparent and honest about their project and not just looking to grab quick cash.Less than 3 million market cap.
Absolutely insane... the only reason it went so unnoticed was because ICO was happening during Bitcoin fork mania.It is currently only on EtherDelta (which means you can probably pick it up before it goes absolutely insane), but more exchanges are coming very soon.This was the best ICO experience I ever had.
They accepted Bitcoin, Ethereum, credit cards, and deposits from banks.
Price was calculated real time(updates literally every minute).
How many ICOs accepted Visa/Mastercard?
I don't know any.
The fact that they raised their funds this way just proves how legitimate they are and how prepared they are to prove that their project is real.Charlie Shrem is working closely with team along with some other recognizable names from crypto world(Lykke team is working with them as well) and CEO and founder of Changelly.
Almost all tokens were sold to public.
I have never seen more proportional holders list in my life.
To be in top 10 holders you needed a little more than 30k$.
This wouldn't get you in top 300 for majority of projects.
There are no whales, but instead, very active community which cares about project and I still haven't met anyone who is willing to sell their tokens.
And there isn't anyone that can dump them and affect price.ALL UNSOLD TOKENS ARE BURNED already.
This is what every project should do and this is probably the most important thing to keep eye on when investing.
They aren't greedy, they aren't keeping millions of tokens for themselves.
They will get 300-400k tokens which is hilariously low amount but they respected all percentages.They are experts in their field(Last year they won hackRussia which is big tech contest held every year aiming to unite people, technologies and innovations.
GV concept won the Finance & Blockchain section of the competition), so I really have no doubts that they can deliver everything on their roadmap.GVT for sale - 75%Bounty, marketing, advisers - 9%Team tokens - 11%Genesis Vision fund - 5%Total token amount is ~3.5 million, but not all are in circulation.
This place is so funny.
During ICO i made threads about this, not a single reply.
After ICO, here comes the hordes of pajeet scum shilling their coin.Fucking disgusting human beings really.
NEXT CONFIDO!
your so right ... but funny to see how these idiots try to get the money from the biz retards ;) ... whenever they want to sell, they go to biz with these posts ... hahaha