My wife left me because “all you are about is money,” and now I have nothing left to care about but money.
its easier that way anon
Tell her she's dumb and enjoys being poor.Now you can make it on your own desu and show here who's the dummy that's worried about money.
Not like you need money for shelter, food and to have nice things.
Wait until she is "all about the money" once the divorce papers start flying in.
She would have left you for something anon.
Don't take it too seriously.
I hope you're rich at least..
Make the money first then do that shit later.
jeese what are u going to do when theres no plate during dinner, and the welcoming home cuddle?And the sweet gnight spoon?What are u going to do anon?
Did you actually give her some attention and be nice to her, listen to her etc?Or just entirely devote yourself to your own pursuits.
The best way is the make her understand you work so much to try and improve your lives, but that doesn't mean you have to be totally heartless and cold.
Either way she is getting blacked right now most likely.
should have gotten /fit/
My girlfriend threatened to dump me for the same reason, anon.
She said I only see money everywhere now.
I am looking at the economic side of everything I buy.She says I should just be happy
She missed her chance of you putting 10k on the table Bitconeeeeeeeeeeeect
Sorry to hear anon but you have money, something I don't have even though i work for it.
16my744XivWPJhj5qnE6zFurueoLyV5xdmuch appreciated
I worked maybe 50hours a week and I’m working on my BS to get out of poverty mode.
Once I started the crypto thing, “your little stocks or whatever” as she would say, I think that was it.
I told her that I’m going to be putting every spare dime into crypto and it just didn’t click in her head.
The more this process goes on, the more I am excited about a future of freedom.
Supporting her I didn’t know if we could make it.
Now it’s just me I have so much more fucking money I’m pretty sure I will make it.
At least that.
Had gf for 7 months now.
It's really pissing me off how I have to spend money for her.
I'd have saved so, so much more if I'd been single.I don't know if I'll ever be able to get over this.
She's such a serious money drain
your little stocksKek
And you're most likely diabetic, faggot
Pathetic
They just don’t get it.
You want to look into the future but all they can see is the here and the now.
>you’re no fun!
Let’s go out to that one nice restaurant!
She actually earns so much more than me that she could pay my salary and STILL earn more than me.Also, she is always going on about how she needs to save money because she is going to move to a job that pays a lot less next year.
But she doesn't respect my efforts to try and save money and insists that I pay for our meals out and our grocery shopping because I "live" in her flat rent free when I stay at the weekends.I wouldn't judge it quite fair to be honest
Well if she didn't support you in what you did then you are best off without.I got divorced from first wife in 2015.
Just didn't match after living together, lots of problems.Been in a great relationship with a hotter model that is actually interested in things I do.
Living together now.
When was the last time you dated?I tell you, the first date I got post-breakup and hooked up with, the taste of her lips was fucking delicious after being married in an unloving relationship for some time.Get yourself back out in the market lad.
Work on yourself but you will find someone that supports you in your endeavours.
Since I see you are no troll: my bad anon.
As for your wife, I know it may hurt now but you have to understand that you two seemed to have different values when it came to the big subject of money.
It's not something that you could have done differently or could have avoided.
She seems to be stubborn for leaving you but I do believe a phone call and a talk could bring you two back together if both are willing;
rent free
And if not, move on for the better anon.
You have already taken improved when it comes to finances and the rest surely will follow
What is the point of having money if you don't have a family to support anon ?
anon, you had 1 thing right.
ignoring her.
bitches love that but also want you to come back and make them feel like they're the best thing that's ever happened to you(they jelly cause crypto is your new gf)...IE fuck the living shit out them and act like their favorite movie star while doing the deed.
that's all it takes.
they leave you alone for a while trying to understand your little stock game.
Rinse and Repeat.
whats your point?
hire a slightly overpriced Eastern European hooker
If you were a male model who gave her the best orgasms would she still behave like that?
Ask yourself
fuck posted you posted it before me
kek
Anon, you about to or probably getting blacked right now.
Sorry man.
you still have us for whatever that's worth.
Sorry biz if you care about her, cash out now, get her back.
If she feels like you neglected her she probably cheated on you
this works for girls because men will take care of them.
taking advice about how ti be Happy from women doesn't work
Just throwing this out there...>>Drain your bank accounts>>Hide the money with some family member you can trust>>Start going to gamblers anonymous, make sure you have a paper trail>>When the ex drags you to court start crying that you lost everything to some crypto scam >>Profit
My wife left me because “all you are about is money,”And you are retarded enough to believe any of her words?
LMAO She is thinking about the divorce money she is getting from you right now!
Like 3 years or soIt moves pretty quickly.
I should have known.
I don’t so much miss her, just the life I had rewired my life to expect.
Marriage sucks, she did you a favor.
If you have kids just make money and worry about them.
If not, go live a life for yourself
Just look at it this way.In the future when all those poor hot sexy students need some financial aid.
Guess which sugar daddy Is coming to the rescue?
>the one with money
I would do this if I was in the same situation
why didn't you marry a jew?
You'll need the transaction of the lost amount
Right.
Now make more money, then use said money to fuck her life up forever and tell her she deserved it because "you never thought money was important."
Maybe it was an OTC buy.
Pick better next time.
Also, she's probably divorcing you FOR the money.
Lawyer up and get evidence that she's the one that left.
You might also want to check if she was cheating and if you can find a hint, document that as well.
The guy seemed so trustworthy but the coins never arrived...
Or just withdraw huge amounts from casino and strip club ATMs
ffffuuuuuuucccck me I should have read the whole thread before posting.
I'd still do this but im a vengeful fuck against people who fucked up my life when I was a poorfag.If youre too weak to find a way to perma-fuck her over for doing that then just move on and focus on the things you enjoy, sooner or later you'll bump into someone who has similar interests and goals that suits who you actually are and if not then you'll have fat stacks to buy an eastern eurogirl hottie for marriage and heir-creation
dodges a bullet>complains
"You're such a nerd" buyin bitcoin in 2014Dumped her 6 months later, can't stand being around idiots.
I;ve been married 14 years, together 20 and she's actually worked ever maybe four months?
Not much beyond minimum wage too.
Never marry an artist
Yeah the casino might even be better.
That newfag smell ... sniiiiiiiiffffff
Women are incapable of being happy long term - the only thing they understand is being temporarily satisfied.
Women aren't artists you retard lmaoIs a child finger painting an artist?
holy shit you threw your fucking financial freedom away for one womanthe absolute state of 2017
Lol, epic post
Bro my ex said the same, told her to invest in Ethereum when we were together.
If she had invested the money she had at the time she would be absolutely debt free (talking like 30k here).She didn't, didn't believe in it and didn't like the all-about-money aspect of it.We are on good footing nowadays, even after I rubbed my absolutely massive ETH gains in her face.
I could tell she hated herself for not listening to me years ago.Women overall don't like risk taking and being competitive, trading stocks/crypto is not made for them.
They all make the mistake of "wow you spend so much time on money, life a little geez".
If you spend 5 years in crypto just holding great coins you're basically free to do whatever the fuck you want for the rest of your life while they work their ass of 40 hours a week till their old and crippled.
Money = time.
Focussing on earning money is directly invesitng in extending the free time you have in life.
Big if true
You married her at ATH, now it is correctionPump some more, fork her and drop the bags.
I don't get it, what the fuck do women want?
buy a new wife