LINK is testing its resistance again!Will it finally pop this time boys?
That graph is getting tighter than some fresh loli pussy
Biz killed this shitcoin, move on already
 WHats with the pump, a final hurrah before the fork?
LINK is dedKek antshares post-conference dip lasted longer than LINK has been tradable faggot.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv13gl0a-FA
Fudders deserve to be tentacle raped in their loli pussy
 The volume is so low though
IM NOT DONE ACCUMULATING REEEERERE
legit bought 20kresistance break has been coming for weeks since the floor was found, should be a nice flip now
Buy CFD now, retire later.
Less than a month trading and sergeys already been invited to 4 conferences that we know of and deals being are being signed with atleast 5 banks trading trillions of dollars that we know of.This ones going to be huge, and then biz will soon have very little impact on the price so just enjoy the memes for now
Too much other shit to put money into right now.
Come back to LINK later.
IT'S PUMPING AND TODAY I SURPASSED 10K LINK IN HODLINGSWHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE.
WE'RE GONNA MAKE IT LINKMARINES.
See you on the moon bro.
Pretty much.
I'm a fan of the FUD memes, I even join in some times calling it a shit coin.
But I'm holding 70K.I remember watching OMG when it first hti btrex thinking why hasnt this gone up, a month later, mooned.
And OMG is all hype and shill.
Sergey is legit af.
Kek.
I just bought back 70k after making sick gains with modum and now there's a thread about it.
There's no volume and big sell walls.
all according to plan
I'm a linker and you guys are freaking out over $0.03 gains?
Some of you are calling it mooning?
Really?
Its not the gains now that matters.
Its steadily recovering before the actual alt-wide recovery happens.
Almost every alt will pump after the fork, so its crucial that LINK recovers on its own before the other alts.
Its been stuck in this channel for like 5 days now and each day the fluctuations getting tighter and tighter.. its like a pressure cooker waiting to pop but it just doesn't have the volume to get there
 3 cent from 15 cent.
20% gain.
Have 20k In LINK.
Easy 4 grand, just sold.Stop being stupid.
Not everyone bought in pre SIBOS.
ALts are to be traded short term.
Good Point bruvLink is a safe haven
say it with meRENT
You fucks made me FOMO buy in with my credit card with my last $800.
LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINK AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
soon we'll be on the moon my indian brother
HE PROTECTS !@!!
Sold for nice gains will either fomo or rinse and repeat
Ok I FOMO bought then came to my senses and sold and put a buy order in for .0006.
Think I should go lower?
NOOOOO I CAN'T MISS LINK MOONING AAAAAAAA
FREE
GET DUMPED ON LINKIESAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NOOOOOOOOOOOWHY DO LINK PUMPS HAVE TO BE SO FUCKING SHORT LIVED AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Failed to break resistance again looks another day of bouncing within our channel of 2.3k-2.5kLooks like we just don't have the volume and when things get close btc decides to spike $300 in 15seconds to fuck us anyway
Less than a month trading?
It's been almost two months dude >deals are being signed with 5 banks Which and proof deals are being made?
And here we....
https://www.coindesk.com/swift-startup-winner-demos-smart-contract-trade-5-financial-firms/Barclays, BNP Paribas, Fidelity, Societe Generale and Santander.https://www.coindesk.com/swift-completes-blockchain-smart-contracts-trial/Also swift has been using their tech inhouse as far back as june but still haven't took the plunge to partner up or possibly still we're still cucked by NDA.It's a legit coin, don't believe the biz fud but fuck me did it pick a bad time to enter the market.
Here's your "less than a month trading", deluded bag holder
used these companies pubically available information for a demo>this means they are partnering up and trillions will be running through the chainlink network Two points of retardation here, one, demo does not equal partnership And two, do you understand what the tokens even do and what these companies would do with them?
They would have their own nodes...
Graph starts on october 8>Currently November 7Okay so its traded for a month then.. my bad.. Go look at how ever alt is priced compared to their price this time last month you will struggle to find many that are currently up.Atleast chainlink is still above its ICO price so its technically up this month
Did you even read the fucking article?
wtfBro I'm not here to shill this shit down your throat, DYOR and you'll find this coin shows crazy potential.. that's why half of this board became fucking bag holders in the first place.
literally everyone who wants a secure connection to the blockchains will use LINK.LITERALLY EVERYONE IN A MARKET THAT KEEPS ON GROWING EVERY FUCKING YEAR!>literally 11k Banks and every Insurance Business will use it because they have to connect their data in a smartcontract through chainlink>literally every smart contract on the planet will use it and the market is in high demand>chainlink is plug and play for SWIFTs ISO standard>chainlink was the missing LINK between Blockchain and Real big moneyThis will print me so much fucking money holy shit
Its November 8 in the first world So it's been trading over a month...
It’s going to pop harder than yo momma pops her pussy.
KNAMEAN?
you know how many times I got dumped on with antshares?
this is nothing, honey.
Its such a game changer!
It's going to be the central point of crypto!And yet the only talk about it is pathetic ass shilling on /biz/, a board where most posters are unronically underage south American favela dwellers There literally isn't even an official ANN thread on bitcoin talk!
Even the biggest shit coins have official ANN threads!
No body worth a shit in the crypto community gives a single fuck about it, Vitalik only mentioned it because some pajeets were using him to shill the crowdsale and he had to distance himself from this joke of a project Keep living in your dream land Linkie
what are you even trying to argue?
that LINK is dead?
that you should only buy a coin once every forum is hyping up about it?
yup let's go buy vertcoin
 day, really?
does it really fucking matter?
Holy shit you're triggering me now, the point was that all things considered this coin is still extremely young and this month has been fucking brutal for all alts.. to write a coin off this early is stupid especially when sergey is already confirmed for sibos 2018 and many more conferences in the future.. chainlink isn't going away this was in development 4 years minimum that we know about before he even thought about hosting the ICO.
he doesnt realize he finally has a chance to be smart money but he's too stupid to see it.HURR I ONLY FOMO WHEN MY FAVORITE TWITTERBOI SHILLS IT
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE LAST OF US LINKIESIN YOUR HEADRENT FREERENT FUCKING FREEEEE
where the fuck were you able to pay $800 with your CC?
coinbase limits me to 350$, please tel;
give it up m8ERC20s and ETH are all dead now cause Vitalik cant make a blackchain that doesn't get raped
Holding and waiting for the btc fork welfare?
Amirite?
Amirite?
These kids cant afford to hold both btc and link folks.
Keep moving nothing to see here.
Any legit good project gets picked up and flies from the get go.
Don't delude yourself into thinking everyone but you is an idiot and you're ahead of the curve.Link hasn't done that.
Because no one gives a shit about it other than gullible faggots who fell for obvious coordinated shilling and went all in at the ath.
Now they are posting digibyte tier shit
flies from the get godidn't Ethereum tank for awhile?
Great way to respond.
Anime girl and appeal to fomo.>bbbut now or you'll miss it!
Was just like btc at $5!Don't you have a bitcoinerium thread or whatever to be working in, pajeet?
That was during a period when everyone still thought alts were full on scam tier (and they still are for the most part, community sentiment has just chilled)A lot has changed in a year
You can increase your coinbase limits by adding more ids (passport, drivers, etc) and waiting.
You can see on their site.
uhh antshares and eth had a lot of FUD.
OMG was born in the most bullish month for alts and it still took a month for it to moon.
Also, like i said in my previous reply  the antshares post-conference dip lasted longer than LINK has been tradable, $15 to $4 range for 2 months.
buddy why dont you just filter out the LINK threads in 4chan that way you wont be able to post pick wojacks when it inevitably moons.
you will never be smart money with how you invest.
kek, focusing on LINK dropping in price when every alt bled this month because of the fork.
I was around for this dip on ethereum.And let me tell you it looked brutal at the time it literally dropped from over $12 to under $6 and everyone was writing it off and laughing at the bagholders and people that fell for fomo.Now look at that graph and look how insignificant that tiny little spike looks and how happy you would be to of had a chance to buy $12 ether.
similarity of ETH and LINK>first mover>corporate interest>general use-case>hype
There is no "resistance" when it comes to new coins.Nothing is going on with this token, it's just a bunch of fags daytrading, the only resistance are idiots running this project.Once those idiots decide that they'll run this project like a crypto project should be ran, maybe we'll get some price movement.Until that happens, watch the price bleed forever.
2020>LINK gets mass adoption>doesn't matter though cause the devs are dumb>price is STILL at 17 cents
Its just like this point of this graph!
See!
Buy now who cares if it drops it's just like this!Transparent as fuck dude.Try not appeal to fomo when trying to shill.
Kthnx.More appeal to fomoI've been holding 80% btc since the 18th last month.
How well would you be doing now if you'd dumped your link at any point around sibos and held btc?
It was pretty obvious that sibos would result in a dump and plenty of people here tried to tell you.
I guess you just knew better huh?
Like you think you do now...Enjoy being broke and so deluded you think you're making it
$15 to $4 range for 2 months.15 to 4?What the fuck are you talking about, there's nothing like what you're describing on the chart.
Same could be said for any other altcoin.
like i said, you're acting like LINK is the only altcoin that bled during this month.
ever wonder where the rent free memes come from?
because no one can shutup about LINK.
We dont we see you people shitting on NEO, Stox, OMG, Ark, or other altcoins that much for dumping this month?>Enjoy being broke and so deluded you think you're making itI already made it.
I have a fat inheritance waiting for me but i want more.
How do you think im able to buy 80k LINK 5k SALT and 103k REQ despite being a 20 year old NEET?
don't forget>Rent Freeinside the /biz/tard heads
that's what antshares did you newfag
Coinmarketcap isnt accurate.
If you watched the Bittrex price during the first Antshares conference where everyone expected a Microsoft partnership it actually reached a $15 price.
Then during the July dip it went back to $4.
Why the $4 low and not just a correction to $8 or $9?
Its because of Bitcoin politics too buddy.
During this time, ETH also dumped quite a lot.
it went as low as $3.50 at one point.
very distressing.
everyone said DED COIN oh you better believe it.
but i held strong.
and I shall hold LINK with the same ferocity.
The funny thing is that it wasnt the fault of antshares either.
Every alt dropped during that time because of BTC politics and people were focusing on fudding specific coins just like now.
I'm looking at NEO chart you faggotSo during June/July period I see a high of $11 and low of $5, not really a $15 to $4 movement but ok I know CMC can be inaccurate sometimes .
Still this seems like a really big difference (15 vs 11 dollar high).
Do you not realize Antshares is NEO?Anon I'm starting to think you're just a professional baiter and you've got so many people in this thread triggered now, gj
You dont even know that NEO is Antshares you dumbfuck.
GTFO newfag and leave the investing to the veterans.
No wonder you're fudding LINK.
huur no one can stop laughing at the group of losers who were shitting up the board for a month with their pajeet tier shilling and "$5 by November screencap this!"
Posts Yeah I wonder why >link >salt >requestAre you new to crypto and just bought into the three most shilled icos you saw on 4chan?
Literally...
Here's your (You)
WE GOT A HEART IN THE FORM OF A GREEN CANDLE!
Whatever buddy, not going to share why i bought into these coins.
But one thing is for sure, you are going to FOMO hard especially with SALT in the short term.
thisI'm not buying in until btc goes berserk again
They would have their own nodes...And?
Please, you're not as informed as you think you are.There literally isn't even an official ANN thread on bitcoin talk!
Even the biggest shit coins have official ANN threads!There's nothing official about that community forum and nothing desirable about advertising yourself like a shitcoin.
You know who really loves bitcointalk these days?
Third-worlders and dumb fucking money.>joke of a projectWhy are you so mad?There were some bad shill threads but you could've seen the legit ones.
You don't know what baseless coordinated shilling looks like.Stay fucking poor faggot.
Yeah, like I said its stuck in this channel roughly between 2.3k-2.5k.. we had a chance to break out there but there is just no volume..
I think we will see barely any price movements from now until this fork situation is over.
Do you know who has ANN threads?
Bitcoin Gold, Bitcoin Silver, Bitcoin Red, and Bitcoin Shit.
Kek im not even making this up, these coins really have Bitcoin Talk ANN threads.
And link doesn't even have one, how pathetic!
See?
This is the quality of LINK FUD.
I'm not seeing anything.
Are you talking about gdax or coinbase?
Gdax asks me for more IDs but it doesn't have an upload option it only accepts webcam for some retarded reason and I don't have a webcam.
Post of the week.
Can anyone get me in the group of pros who pumped vert?
Pleeeaaaseee I’ll suck your wee wee
Actually worth buying link now?All I currently got is $1,600 which I inherited.
if I were you I'd wait till it drops to 17 cents at least and then all in
.50 in a month
Eh probably not yet.
The fork is still 1 week away.
Best time to buy would probably be a 1 to 2 days before the fork.
No Ann thread is a pretty big deal It means the team doesn't give a single fuck about communicating with the community if even the biggest shit coins have one, it seems pretty dodge that link doesn't.
This is the state of Bitcoin talk.
It’s just pajeets shilling shitcoins to each other.
I know right.
LINK doesn't have time for fucking pajeet ANN.
But why is link only sold on this chink exchange?
doesn't have time to talk with community Wow such a great team!Still waiting on that post sibos news.
Or was the post sibos news that pathetic ass slack post by sergey where he said basically nothing?
Anon just don't buy link then, its that simple.There's plenty coins I don't believe in but I dont spend my day writing 12 posts everytime a ODN thread pops up, why would I give a fuck?
If that's what they want to invest in then fine.Everyone seems obsessed with LINK even the fudders
LoL .
He loves us that much.
Im almost 99% sure this is the fag with the "chainlink exposed" video.
holy shit I thought pajeets were just a memeI think I became spoiled due to everyone's good grammar and sentence structure here
Wouldn't surprise me, it's easy to shit on any alt coin in this market right now.
Next few months will be the real test
please feed my millennial ADHD
Absolute garbage video.
If he likes I could btfo it again
I just realized that instead of selling all my links at 2590 so I could buy in cheaper I accidentally pressed "Buy Link" instead and went all in.
What have I done?
Celebrate
But I could have 8% more links right now.
When links end up 10k per link that is a lot of money.
No, man.
There’s not enough LINK being traded to not get dumped.
Now you're a true marine.
Light up a smoke and pour yourself a glass its auto pilot time
Kek'd so hard
used these companies pubically available information for a demoHAHAHAHAHAH no.Those banks actively decided to get involved in the demo.
And banks do NOT join random company's proofs of concept just for the heck of it.Why are you trying to lie about this?
No body worth a shit in the crypto community gives a single fuck about itLmao, "the crypto community".
Listen to yourself.Meanwhile, those who do give a fuck about Link have names like Swift, AXA, Sony, BNP Paribas, Barclays, World Economic Forum, Capgemini, Gartner, ...
BASED LINK IS BASED /pol out
rent fREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Lol
CAN'T SINK THE LINK
what is intraday
MOON!