Why cant parents understand that money sitting in the fucking bank for a year is opportunity lost?
I want to buy the motherfucking dip damnit.
I was supposed to buy the fucking dip damnit yet they wont transfer the money to me.
It isnt even inheritance money.
I hope these fuckers die soon seriously so i can have my fucking money along with my inheritance.
If link moons by May 2018 and my stack isnt at 250k LINK yet i might end up in either a mental hospital or a jail.
I want to make it goddamnit i want to make it so bad.
why wont they let me MAKE IT
Respect ur parents u fucking idiot
Why dont you respect your own parents instead and let me do what i want with mine you fucking whiteknight
manchild kills own parents to invest in worthless internet money>case ruled a double murder suicide
Why are fucking boomers like this?
they literally dont understand how hard it is for millenials to make it.
Why do they have access to your bank account?
This is what happens when /biz/ is 100% crypto threads.
Financially illiterate retards trying to buy in without having the basics in line.
I hope you don't make it
It's my money but mom & dad can deny me accessSo it's not your money?You know you'd probably buy high sell low anyway.
have you tried working and making your own money you piece of shit?
It was money that was supposed to be mine.
Its my granpas money GODFUCKING DAMNIT.
I'm not even going to put it all on LINK.
I just want to increase my stack to 250k LINK to increase the odds that I'll make it.
I have some SALT that will hopefully moon before LINK (by december) so I can use it to increase my LINK stack but goddamnit if SALT doesnt moon i'll need more fiat
it was grandad's moneyDidn't you say it "isn't even inheritance"?
The fuck is it then?
I never let go of my LINKs not 1 LINK has ever left my wallet.
Its either I'll make it or ill lose money on LINK.
What I'm worried about is LINK mooning before im at 250k to 500k LINK.
Fuck these spoiled boomers thinking that millenials can make it without taking risks.
Lmao, OP thinks being related automatically means he has a right to their money.
Its not my inheritance from my parents, its not part of their networth.
Its from my grandfather and it was promised that it was MINE.
These motherfuckers, its not like im spending it on hookers and blow.
I just want to buy the fucking DIP.
You want to steal your parents money to invest it in a fucking shartcoin like LINK ?
I feel really sorry for your parents to have such a retarded son
Are you even reading your own posts?
You're calling someone spoiled because they don't want you to throw your grandad's money into a speculative internet currency on a whim.
The money is literally not yours.
THEY SAID THEY'LL ONLY GIVE IT TO ME BY MAY 2018 GOD DAMNNIT THESE RETARDS.
I swear to god if LINK moons by that time......
underage b&
I'm still receiving it but by May 2018.
I basically have to accomplish some task related to my studies before i get it.
I'm definitely accomplishing it but GODDAMNIT it will be accomplished only on around May 2018
Fuck off Ranjeet
You'll get it when you get a job and move out anonHAHAHAHA
Lmao the level of entitled faggot that is OP.
You're not gonna make it.
LINK is gonna moon well before May.
You think people are just gonna wait until the network goes live to buy in?
No there gonna start buying in the weeks and leading up to it and also when news comes out months before it goes live.
Kill yourself op or kill your parents and save them from the shame of having such a faggot for a son
Micheal this is your dad here, your mother and I have decided you won't get any of it.
You'll have to work for it yourself.
We'll talk tomorrow during diner, me and mom love you.
PS: you can bring your boyfriend Tyrone over if you really insist, we'd rather not but we've decided to be more open minded.
See you tomorrow champ
No I'm living on my own already but i dont pay the bills and thats not it.
Its something related to my studies.
I'll really accomplish the task but if LINK moons and im sitting on fiat that could have mooned too, I'll totally lose my mind.
Also reported for underage b&
I'm way past the age to be considered underage dumbass.
I'm already legal to drink in every country in the world.
Of course it will by then.
If you can't convince your retard boomer parents to fork it over early then you won't make it anyway.
Underage banned.
Judging by this post, you don't deserve it
I only currently have 50k LINK goddamnit its not enough.
I swear these boomers are gonna get boomed if i dont have 250k LINK by the time it moons.They better pray thata) LINK doesnt moon till after May 2018b) SALT moons first before LINK and I get to buy the LINK dip with my SALT money
Neck yourself underage poorfag
Then you're a bigger faggot than we all thought
Im a faggot for wanting to buy the dip?
are you retarded like my parents?
>poorfag OP can't maintain a 2.0 GPA so his parents won't wire him any money.>too much of a degenerate to work for his own money.>proceeds to rage at parents
Better than begging for 1 or 5 LINK in fucking biz you piece of shit.
money sitting in the fucking bank for a year is opportunity lostGood, goy!
YES GOOOOOD!!
Your betters know better what to do with your money than you do!
Keep raging, I'm loving your meltdown.
Sitting comfy with my 400k link, get fucked.
Keep LARPing faggot.
Send a 69 LINK transaction from your wallet containing 400K LINK from your wallet right now and post the etherscan transaction here.
Only then can you kek yourself with my raging.
Unless, you're all talk after all.
Kek, cant even send 69 LINK to another wallet you own?
This is the problem with biz, majority of you fags are larping and dont even take extreme measures to make it.
Some are rich fags of course, but i doubt you're one of them.
Sure, I'll transfer it all out of binance for you
Alright send two consecutive 69 LINK transactions from a wallet containing 400k LINK and ill be posting pink wojacks
4328507I'll move exactly 400069 to this address in a few minutes.
0x3409e1E2B135f2e454C4a735ed631E144DD47f04
Not gonna waste transactions fees on a faggot so I'll be making this one transaction
4328619Alright done go and kill your parents please
to date nobody has been able to explain to me where this bastardization of the acronym LARP came from and why retards keep using it
Its not there you fucking faggot
Oh shit, goddammnit.
I WILL ABSOLUTELY BEAT MY PARENTS UP.
THE MONEY IS 100K IM NOT EVEN GOING TO PUT IT ALL ON LINK.
I CAN BUY MORE LINK THAN THIS IF THEY LITERALLY GIVE ME THE MONEY RIGHT NOW THESE COCKCUSCKERS
If you weren't such a faggot piece of shit you're parents would trust you and have sent you the money
lmao, double dubs of truth
They would give me the money as soon as i finish my fucking studies which is guaranteed to be finished next semester.
Do you get why im raging now?
That 100k sitting in the bank waiting for me to graduate is OPPORTUNITY LOST.
I hope they fucking die gruesome deaths seriously.
If LINK moons before i get that 100k usd there will be hell to pay.
I swear to god.
I swear to god.
I swear to fucking god.
They better pray my SALT holdings moon before LINK or ill JUST fucking.....
yfw there are some countries that are illegal to drink in regardless of ageWow guys, this dude is legal to drink in Afganistan!
I remember you hunger strike bro.
Fuck the haters, you're doing gods work.I went all in on crypto with all my hard earned money, so not quite the same as you getting from your parents, but you are just luckier than me.I understand your mindset, I want to make it at all costs.
I spent more money than I can afford to lose, and am currently down about 50%.
But this is a risk I was willing to take.To me, 30k and 0 dollars are not much different.
If I lose everything, my life would not be significantly worse off than it was with that money.
I really need about 300k to make a difference and life like I want to.
To me, 30k and 0 dollars are not much different.
If I lose everything, my life would not be significantly worse off than it was with that money.I'm glad there is someone in biz that thinks like me.
Thats the point, I'm so fucking young (but im not underaged) and if were to lose money buying LINK it doesnt matter since I'm not even putting the whole 100k usd into LINK.
Also lets say I lose all that money, I can wagecuck for the rest of my life to win it back.
Lets say i dont ever get a job because of my personality.
I wont starve because i have parents.
Plus when they die, i can feed off the additional inheritance money.
Young people are supposed to take risks!
If you are still holding LINK you have already lost.
>deluded linkies actually thinkie it will moon
Do whatever your parents say and stop being a bitchOr get a job, get some money and then do whatever the fuck you want with it
Do whatever your parents say >stop being a bitchchoose one
OP you're a cancerous millennial brat.Go to flip some burgers and buy the dip, faggot.
Sounds like you need to make a call to J.G.
Wentworth!
You will never make it
Go to flip some burgers and buy the dip, faggot.Kek as if flipping burgers would allow me to buy the dip faggot.
I'll just wait for May 2018 and get the 100k usd its the same thing.
The point is to get a large stack of LINK as soon as possible.I swear if LINK moons before May 2018 and my stack isnt 250k to 500k LINK I'll flip my parents.
They better pray SALT moons before LINK so i can buy the fucking dip.
LARP = live action role playso basically "LARPing" means pretending on /biz/ like the threads where people pretend to be crypto millionaires and shit.
you're not gonna make it
4330061Don't forget the even sadder folk who pretend to buy at ATH and sell at the dip just so they can post pink wojacks.
You wont make it if you wont respect your parents.
You are gonna make it.
You wont make it if you wont respect your parents.lmao i wont make it if they dont hand out the money asap and neither will they.
Holy fuck crying about your parents not giving you money when they brought you into this world, whilst still working and losing their youth so you can breathe on this planet you soulless ungrateful fuck.Maybe if you had the insight to make that amount of money then maybe you can RISK their hard earned money you stupid cuckBut clearly you've never had to work hard enough to make that much money without wasting it on useless shit.
Holy fuck crying about your parents not giving you money when they brought you into this world,What?
Didnt they enjoy the sex?
They should have used a condom then.
Its not like I asked to be born in this world where i dont have 3+ million dollars in my fucking bank account in my twenties.
My youth is literally being wasted since i dont have enough money for hookers and blow every single day.
Off yourself.
Unironically.
this whole thread.
My parents did this to me.
Grandma passed away with a bank account for me and my parents didn't tell me about it until they spent it all, which took only a month.
Six figures down just like that.
They still wonder why I hate the shit of them.
Oh crap dude, that sucks.
My parents are only unironically "holding" the money until i give them a fucking diploma and im already raging hard.
If i were in your shoes i cant imagine the rage that i would feel, but they would get wrecked in an instant no questions asked.
Nah I kinda feel OP but late to the thread.
He sounds like a jerkoff but to be honest, Donald Trump got a loan from his parents and did all right, they should perhaps treat it like a loan and keep 40% of all profits, also if they lost 30% of their total gift they would pull out.At least try to understand how volatile crypto is and accept that he might make hundreds of thousands, so give the kid a chance.
OP may be a complainer but he's right that boomers are fucking clueless faggots.
If you can get access to the money, legally, then do so and take it all immediately.
They could be lying to you for all you know, unless you've seen the statements.
Boomers are retarded, but crying complainers are worse
Trump lost his venture with the loan that he got, by the way.
Also, it's not their money to begin with.
They should hand over the money because that's what his grandpa wanted.
Redistributing estates is wrong.
Thanks for giving me a chance anon....
I'll make you proud.
Most of these faggots dont understand that someone as young as me should be taking risks.
I'm not even going to use the whole 100k usd to all-in LINK.
I'm only going to use it to increase my stack significantly.
Even if my decision makes me lose all my money, what is there to lose?
I can just wagecuck and survive being this young.
But if it works?
holy shit im set for life.Thank you anon........
kek
Sup fellow 400k LINKer, feels good to be a mini-whale :^)sorry for your retarded boomer parents OP, on the bright side you might still make it to the moon while we're on our way to Andromeda.
btw you should look into trading options with that kind of money.
the volatility can sometimes be extremely greater (Venezuelan crash made one of their etf put option shoot up 150,000% in one day) and it's a lot more quantifiable to know how often you'll actually make money
>ctrl f>linkat this point I dont even know if link turns people to idiots or if idiots are just attracted to link
Uhhh as much as i hate my parents they never lied to me about material things.
If they are going to lie about 100k they should have not given me the other things.
They're basically pissed because i broke one of my "promises" and they're scared that if they give the 100k before i hand out a diploma i wont do my part of the deal.But anons, im 100% not lying.
I really plan on doing my part of the deal this time.
There is no fucking way i would lie to them again.
Why the fuck would i lie about doing my part of the deal in an anonymous board for fucks sake.
your parents love you and listen to you blab on about LINK>decide to surprise anon and invest into this thing they don’t understand but know how important it is to their dear son>buy ATH and panic as the price starts to plummet>your parents watch the price keep dropping and dropping so they decide to sell their LINK and try to regain their losses by riding the BTC wave>BTC plummets>mfw your parents just lost all of your money and you don’t even know it
I will never invest someone else's money.
I will only invest money that is MINE.
And goddamnit that money is MINE.
They should off themselves those fuckers.
kek 2ez op
be me, $60k wageslave>parents rich>knew the right ((people))>made the right ((investments))>millions in commercial real estate>"anon why you take no risk young man need take risk">willing to give me hundreds of thousands to invest where I likeI'M ONLY IN CRYPTO BECAUSE MY MOM TOLD ME TO OKAY?
Nahhh, im not going to wojak to your LARP unless you show me proof like the 400k Linkie.
What you're claiming is 1000x bigger than what he claimed.
Sergey must take responsible.
He was ambiguous with his explanation and lack of.
His damn logos of big companies in his charts deceived us of parnership.
This is a lie.
There never was a panership but just a stupid contest to determine the future of Swift.
Swift is a dinosaur.
They are fucking going either buy out or steal the tech.
Whatever, the longer the price of LINK stays low the better for me.
So go on ahead fudder, make me proud.
Well I just got started and with Coinbase taking a week to clear my $7.5k BTC buy I'm well on track to being a massive disappointment to the surprise of nobody.
How much time do you think I have?
Will SALT moon before LINK?
Will SALT moon at all?
Coinbase sure like to take their sweet ass time don't they?
Will SALT moon before LINK?
Will SALT moon at all?That is what I'm betting on just in case my parents dont budge on my demands to give the money earlier than May 2018.
I think SALT's price will be near $15 to $25 and if that happens I will be able to increase my LINK stack significantly and become a mini-whale myself.
But its not a 100% sure bet, i prefer to pour in more fiat.
But SALT is the only crypto that I can think off that will surely deliver news this Q4 2017 that would allow me to increase my LINK stack.
Yeah anon take the money that you aren't allowed to use yet because you're still a dumb ass immature piece of shit and fomo into a chink pump and dump Make your parents proud...Stupid cunt
Yeah anon take the money that you aren't allowed to use yet because you're still a dumb ass immature piece of shit and fomo into a chink pump and dump No wonder you don't understand my rage, you dont even know what LINK does you stupid piece of shit.
If you knew what it does, you'd be trying to get as much of it as possible before it fucking moons.
But sure, invest in shitcoins full of buzzwords and no corporate interest like Ark.
You're so wrong.
I wish you weren't, but you are.
Of course he is fucking wrong.
People like him will NOT make it unless they are rich from the start or are extremely lucky like Forrest Gump lucky.
They think the world is full of sunshine and fucking flowers.
You need to take drastic measures in order to MAKE IT.
I think SALT's price will be near $15 to $25I'd come.