My portfolio.
Started with 11k end of august.
Discuss.
Sold Half my WTC stack at peak today.
My best investment so far, bought them at 1.60$ The Tether is actually ICO investments.
You have too many.
You have diversified too muchFocus on 5-8 alts max I started with 17k in 3014 and now have 1.2m ;-)
Ye I think you are right, have been trying to have fewer coins with atleast 1k each, but I always find promising projects I want to invest in.
I will gladly take 1.2m in 2020 :D
I'd sell most of these and would buy some REQ, some LINK and some ARK.
You have too many fucking coins.
I have the same portfolio as you USD-wise, and I have like 5 coins tops.
but what if I miss one mooning?I wanted to dump some after the fork, now I don't know which yet..
we appreciate you , kind anon, for sharing your years of experience with us.
i started with $1700 on aug.22, up to 13k now, mostly with ICOs i have 6 good coins with decent amounts, and 14 shitcoins with no bag over $40 [ that IS a lot of wasted gains, i can see that now ], i will take your advice and tighten up a bit.
do you have any more gems us poorfags might find useful that you would be willing to share?
what are You holding?
and for how long?
do you hold your ICOs?
or flip?
is it smart to cash out initial ico costs, and let the rest ride?
thanks in advance.....
What ICO's gave you most gains?
My only good so far was coss, 750$ went 5x, sold all but my initial 750$, was a good move, right now its like 2-3x ICO price, 450$ worth
As someone that started with $500 this year and now have $10k (would've had 30k but that doesn't matter) how do I trade my way to a million in three years?
My current plan is to ride Confido then hop it to KMD and Neo then back to BTC
coss for me,too.
also omg, ark,req, la token,kyberlooking at AiX.io ICO right now, that should take us way up.
i got an a.m. email from cryptocompare mentioning AiX, spent the next 6 hours reading everything on it.
going all in on this one, no shill.
and CTX cartaxi is on a new exchange soon, hitbtc, i think...good luck, anon .
You're down to $16?!?!?
I will look into AiX.
They sell their coins over the span of 1 year right?
So you can't trade them?
I can recommend Artoken.
It will hit markets with a tiny marketcap because phase 1 was closed early .and maybe bitclave,
I started with 2.5k in may and slowly added 500 every week or so.
Total investment to date is ~6500 and my portfolio hovers comfortably around 17.5k.
Made my first big gain with ANS/NEO, then BNB, then WTC, then VTC, now GRS and looking at LINK, REQ, DOVA, and a few other longshots
not even 2x gains in 3monthsnot gonna make it
I used to be an adventurer like you
Then I took an arrow to the portfolio
Love the NLC2 scoop m8
need more tho
I started end of August, but only with 1k and added 1k weekly, my full 11k were invested in like mid october.
Could have doubled, but I lost money in some ICO'S and made some noob mistakes.
So I am not to unhappy with 5k in the green.Yes, really like the coin, now might be a good time to get some more
i am in on ARToken as well, i had to get a referral because i ignored the signup email until it was too late.
i think 1-1/4 eth gets about 50k, so it should be a good one.
thanks for the tip.
4260050please go back to /reddit/
I have over 100 coins.
50% are in just 2 coins though so don't tell me the odds faggot.
I made 2000% in the last year.
so,richfag...tell us how you did it, us poorfags await your guidance