>skateboard>McDonald's lol>let's take pictures in front of signs>Omise is not OMG>Thai ladyboys>no product>nothing coming out for a yearThis is literally the best FUD I've seen for this coin.
You should try harder.
plasma is coming out in 2019>New roadmap is like a retarded fortune cookie
hahahahahahahahahdump this shitwait for RCN to go below 1600BUYwait for a few weeksbecome millionairego to argentina and party with the devs
kickflips aren't a use case>literally all hype

only reason im holding it is because its has potential to be 3 digit coin.
and where im starting now there there is nothing to lose.before the fork bullshit omg was top of the heap when it comes to gains
their coin has no utility, it is bogus
Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth much more, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
>implying thai ladyboys is a negative
4293842These weird posters shilling shitcoins any time an OMG thread comes up are really fucking annoying.
Inb4 the REQ ones
That was a REQ one.
Lmao you don't even know what YCombinator is and how it's extremely aggressive.Stay poor omisefag.
Enjoy your stickered skateboards.Actually omise will grow, it's useful and has partners that are super valuable to have that the vast majority of you people here on biz has never heard about because you barely do any research, but REQ will overtake it in marketcap within a year.
And by barely doing any research I mean looking at the stickers underneath a skateboard doesn't count as research.Did I mention YCombinator is extremely aggressive?
LOL KICKFLIPS LMAO
Inb4 OmiseGo announces their smart contract will be a layer on REQ, utilizing the Request network.
YCombinator you say?Are they aggressive?
Muh combinator
Word is they're pretty aggressive.That's all I need to invest thousands.
Thai ladyboyswhat?
sign me up
Extremely.Much moreso than bottomstickered skateboards.