HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THIS?
Memes
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THIS?Cashies blown the fuck out.
People bought the 7.7k dip this weekend.
gee i wonderyoure gonna cry yourself to sleep soon
Tether exit scam.
Get ready
You mean apart from Bitfinex Central Bank (BCB) quantitative easing policy (printing "dollars")?
Current meme is tether, so tether.
Get your coins out of any exchange that deals with Tether.
ASAP
Erection.
shit this is not good.
how do i get out
How is this a meme seriously?How can it be possible that most of the fiat injected into bitcoin these past month is coming from tether printing?But this is what is happening, and they are not even hiding it.
+1 for OC
yes btc has never pumped a few hundred dollars in a few hours before
t. I don't unterstand tether
Then explain to me.But I'm pretty sure you're the one who don't get what's fishy (protip : nothing to see with tether concept in itself).
4449725Haven't been here in a while.
Can I get a quick rundown?
Tether and Bitfinex have no banking relationship since april.>Despite not being able to receive USD directly they keep printing USDT like there's no tommorrow>Each time they print USDT there is a surge in Bitcoin
lol you guys got one thing wrongbitfinex does pump up the price with their tether yeah, and because they're one of the biggest exchanges, every other exchange follows suit, but the money that pumps bitcoin to the same price as bitfinex's price on exchanges like gdax is with real money.
so the real problem is that tether induces fomo rallies that wouldn't be possible with only real fiat because the demand just isn't there to pump bitcoin alone.
Nice work.
https://imgur.com/a/U1X7MThey don't even bother to properly cook their books anymore
This retarded "muh tether " is a fucking meme started by bcrash faggots who lost all their money and can't stand looking at btc going up.
Literally this, something's got to give
t. I know very little about markets and finance in generalYou're mixing everything, arbitrage is not FOMO.the demand just isn't there to pump bitcoin alone.That's exactly what I'm sayingNone of what you say discard my point.
There is an issue with your level of understanding I think.
Here's your answer tho you're not going to like it
nice chart man
im not talking about arbitrage, in order for exchanges like gdax to increase in price, there has to be actual fiat buying in because they don't accept tethermaybe read properly before talking shit?
Japan
No it started in July but you're too big of a newfag to know this.