Why BCH is unsustainable, in a nutshell.
Please elaborate
OP wants you to be ABSOLUTELY SURE that he sucks cocks and has no understanding whatsoever of BCH or the technology behind it.I say that as someone who hates BCH and is an ETH maximalist, and owns no BCH at all.
I just think that OP is a massive faggot because his analogy doesn't apply to blockchain tech in the slightesst.
If people are allowed to do as many transactions as they want, theyll be making lots of purchases clogging up the network even more.
Its better if its restricted or even lowered so only those willing to pay the fees will be allowed to use their bitcoin.
it's just another shitty (((blockstream))) FUD thread, they're afraid
Paid core shills need to kts.FUCK OFF, COREKEKS.
bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin
4382557you're fucking retards
bikes are gay, buy 40 lambos
Ok sure but explain this BCASH cuckhodl
i enjoyed this troll, thanks
exactly if you aren't buying bitcoin to HODL it you shouldn't even buy it.
a corecuck comes along to unironically agree with a troll post
Braess' Paradox.
The more roads you build, the more congested they will be.
You can't fight traffic by introducing more traffic.
Read about induced demand.To solve problem with transaction times and fees a more optimal solution is needed, such as transaction hopping, or decentralized chunk processing instead of working on huge blocks of data.Being realistic though, BTC will always be the car.
Not always convenient and usually expensive in comparison with other solutions, but does its job.
Building more highways is a pointless idea when you have Litecoin which is literally teleportation.I know this anecdote was probably made up, but when Ford was asked why he did his own thing and developed a car instead of following the public demand, he presumably answered "because people would just want carriages, but pulled by more horses".
BCH is a carriage with more horses.
its literally just bigger blocks you retard lmaowhat tech
just jewish things
Theres nothing I hate more than Eurofags thinking they are superior because they take the bus/ride a bike
Enjoying your losses anon?
Japanese people do that and they're objectively superior to you
Enjoying your two hours a day wasted on travelling to work and back home?
I've lived in many cities around the world and if I were to choose which means of transportation were most convenient for me, car would be near the end of the list.
Still before the bike and walking, though.
Take a ride in Berlin's S-Bahn once and you'll know what I'm talking about.
Trust me mate, I'm a frog and most of my fellow baguettes would trade our 99% arab/african buses and our perpetually late trains for your american double/triple lane roads any day.
Despite traffic congestion and THREE times higher gas cost, more and more people travel by car to avoid diversity.
Save for genetic cucks like germans or swedes, the europeans you see acting smug on the internet are college students and not representative of the population.
Many pretend we have it better to hide the pain.
increase fees to discourage transactions>this is what people are unironically saying BTC has over BCH
the fact that bitcoin's blocks are limited to 1mb with how inflated space is nowadays would be like a metropolis have one small single lane dirt road running through the middle and the mayor being like "That's all the space we have!
More, bigger roads?
No!
We need a bus and some bikes!
"Coincidentally the mayor also owns the bus and bike companies and he's going to have control over who gets to go where and when.
But that has nothing to do with it I'm sure, no no, 1mb is all the space we have!
Braess' Paradox.
The more roads you build, the more congested they will be.
You can't fight traffic by introducing more traffic.Braess' paradox does NOT say that bigger roads with more lanes will lead to more traffic, it says more complex road layouts CAN increase traffic congestion instead of reducing it.
not defending bitcoin automatically means you like BCH