Is it too late to jump in now?I've been in and out of this bitch since yesterday.
I have a feeling that it could go to $2k but there could be a big correction (or dump) after that.What happens after (or before) the BCH fork?
Will the chinks dump hard?
Its pretty much gambling at this point, up to you anon
Get in faggotI got in at 0.19 after pondering at 0.13.
It's at 0.27 now so hop in
Yes it's gonna be dumped Monday before/after the fork
Holy fuck when will this dip, even just a little bit, fuck I want in so badly but I can't buy a coin at the ATH again I did that twice before and it fucked me over.Order book looks like it will dip soon but fucking when holy shit.
I don't want to miss out on this, I got fucked over by B2X hard and need to make my money back.
This is how you know the pump is peaking when you're getting fomo on this kind of level anon.Do yourself a favour and just don't buy and step away from crypto for a day, trust me you will thank me for this
You're too scared anon.
With that level of emotionality you're better of sticking to fiat.
4310713I've already been away for a few days.
B2X really fucked me hard and I think this could be my chance to get most of my stack back.
My last few days have been a nightmare.
I don't know anon, what do you think?
Wave goes on until monday
Just sit it out man, it's too risky.
I'm also late to the party too but we have to just accept we missed the boat on this one.
They're be more.
I've been in and out, made a nice profit.
But I can feel there MIGHT be a huge dump before the fork on Monday.Dude, you're not thinking clearly.
Move to Tether and make decision after the fork.Sorry anon, but buy walls (or sell walls) don't mean shit.
They can be pulled out in seconds.
I'm all in Tether right now.
If BCH doesn't crash after the fork, I'll go all in.
Too late I know, but better be safe than sorry.
Good luck to you.
Thanks shills.
Bought in at 13, nearing 18.
Feels good.
until mondayyou do know monday will make bch work more flawless right?
This shit has just begun
To late, I already fomo'd in after seeing Binance's order book looks opposite.
Fuck, I should have bought 2 hours ago, I almost did then.
if it gets to 2k$ it's flipping with btc and btc is over
4310123My bad too busy bragging to answer.
It's gonna raise as long as btc falls.
I personally think we got at least 24hrs of BCC gainz/btc fall, followed by correction, but obviously I'm not a sage to up to you personal risk tolerance.
The point is not 'jumping into' bch.The point is 'jumping out' of BTC.
I made a few hundred just buying and selling dips tonight, Hard to even buy the price moves so fast.
Just dipped, Even made up for the .02 BTC i lost fucking up my sell order setting it to high.
Lots of fun here tonight.
just jumped all in BCH FOMO'D hard thanks to you guys