whats the point of invest in BTC or BCC?
it is clear both are flawed and in the future something like OMG, LTC, VTC, or GRS will be much better for payments while other cryptos will have far better tech than BTC/BCC for real world use.
there is literally no reason to invest in BTC/BCC other than it being first crypto.
Just buy whatever coin is getting meme'd at the moment, don't waste too much time looking at fundamentals, whitepaper and all that shit.Link, the most promising project in crypto right now is at 17 cents.
God is dead.
When the value of every single alt is pegged to OMG then we'll talk
Holy shit anon, you've summed up the entire past couple months of crypto in a single paragraph.
Definitely had an epiphany moment once reading that confirmed what I've thought recently.
LTC VTC And GRS don't even offer anything new to the crypto space.
There is better privacy, ASIC resistance and even transaction times.
Only people who missed out on early days and are praying for alts to go up buy these coins.
Dont forget the marketing factor.
Even normies know what a Bitcoin is but ask them about Ripple, Litecoin, Etherum and all those other memecoins... nothing.
Something with Bitcoin in the name will prevail.
thisit's 99% hype and speculation anyway, and LINK has nowhere to go but up, and once the news hits the crypto ears, you better hold tight to not to fall out of the rocketship
You're thinking way too logical.This market is dominated by retards.>tfw too smart for cryptokek
ark
this
4306824I think this picture is pretty much crypto in a nutshell.
LINK has nowhere to go but uplinkards will never cease to amaze me with their level of delusion
Do you know why BCC went up?It is becausa D.Va, largest korean coin pumping group.All the coins that D.Va picked,the price went up.The coin NEO was frozen,so it started off as a minus , but ultimately price went up.I will now only follow D.Va picks.t.me/DvaPump
o you think it'll go below ico ?
or maybe 0 huh?just because it became a meme here doesn't make the project any less valuable, but you'll understand wen you fomo at 50c fucker