Power Ledger won't stop.
It can't stop.
Momentum is too huge, it's execution was flawless.Out the gate with BOOM- partnerships with billion dollar companies, working product, top notch team & developers who communicate with investors, proven Tesla communications, real world implementation, government backing, and a mission to make the world a better place!This sets Power Ledger above and beyond 99.99% of coins available right now, most of which are basically confidos who haven't hightailed it with investor money yet.And now, Power Ledger in India??
THAILAND???
WHAT??
?The momentum can't be stopped, this coin is too powerful, the team is too strong.
I dropped 50% of my crypto gains into this miracle.
I'm scared, this coin will make me a multimillionaire, my bank account is unprepared.
gonna dump get out now!
Tanking since the news were announced.What did you make me buy biz wtf.
4498298It's literally stabilized at 8k SATS.
You two clearly don't know anything about investing or markets.
Get out of my thread and heat up another hot pocket you fat retards.
What's wrong with hot pokkets?
what are you talking about LOL
OK stop shilling the fucking coin so it stays low value so we can continue to put our fiat income into powr before it takes off.Thanks cuz.
Big buy walls, looking like it's about to start boys get in
Luker here, went all in due to hype, hope I won't be let down ;_;
stabilisedyea but its gonna move.
down.
Nevermind guise just rechecked when I bought at it was a 8007, I tho it got in a bit later.
Everything fine, please keep mooning.
HOLY FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!I CANT BELEIVE JEMMA EXIT SCAMMED US AND ELON JUST DELETED ALL HIS ACCOUNTS AND TESLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!THIS IS NOT A DRILL GET OUT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a month old.Why would it go down?Is there something you know we don't?Do share.It's not a Pump.
Don't be ridiculous.
It's early success is Hype; because the business and coin itself is solid.They haven't made any ridiculous promises like some coins have.
As i am eating a hot pocket.......
Did any of you do some basic research?
There is loads of dodgy shit going on with power ledger
Yeah calling source mate.Post it up or move along.
Doesn't matter it's mooning!
tons of dodgy shit>doesn't name a single one
I know right!
I heard they're working with this CSIRO outfit.
For those who don't know CSIRO are an Australian patent troll who tried to claim the patent for WiFi.
time for electric loos!
the /biz is immune to all dangers...
Powerrrrr