I just lost a bunch of money due to a bittrex error.
I wouldn't mind losing money on a bad trade.
but losing it to a bittrex fuck up, and technical difficulty is just wrong.
I would really appreciate if anyone in a similar situation has made it back and would like to support.
BTC: 1KyY2eBcYUrNTJCN6w53SohmwKbCRLjcjRI am cashing out of crypto it was a good run> thank you /biz for making the last few months enjoyable :)
You bought POTcoin didn't you.Fucking retard
hahahah you are a weak handGOODBYE
waaahhhh wahhhhh waaaaaahhhhhfuck off mate everyone has lost at some point but not everyone begs
I just lost a bunch of money due to a bittrex error.no, you lost a bunch of money by being a dumbass.
don't even need to hear the story or explanation.
lmao kill yourself faggot everyone loses money from time to time fuck off
what did you lose on?post you ETH address and tx history and i'll send something
greentext this shit and it better be good and I'll throw something your wayyou have five minutes
I lost 70% end October cos of going all in on some bullshit and then panicking into another couple of bullshits to try and quickly make back initial losses.
Diversified since then in slow burning growers/coins which aren't total shit while I practice trading with small amounts and educate myself on TA stuff and general discipline so that never happens again.
yeah dude losing 70% of your money because you missed the 20 second window to sell is totally bittrex's fault, not yours for buying into a pnd shitcoin
4473577> ETH: 0x9Aa832DfcE7d8f13a5a1eE08A68C748904Ecc07c I appreciate it guys!Had bags in both POWR and SLR, had put stop losses like i usually do, market started dropping but bittrex wouldnt let me cancel my stop loss orders.
Probably got rekt buy MTL?
Some anons said it's market on trex went offline during a crazy pump
Not on MTL.
but reading they had outage too
I got this fucking error when i realised the pump for powr had arrived.
Missed the gigantic dick pump and lost out on like 30% extra gainz
Shoot, ill try anything to get some back, bought potcoin at ath and watched it drop to nothing as i was trying to type in a new sell order.ETH: 0xD8DA0f859d41b793496FF91be33b9585894F86d2
 have given on back /biz multiple times.
crypto community has been good to me, i have tried returning the favour as well
then return the favor to yourself dumbass
Take the L and bounce back homie.
hopefully man!
fucking pajeets i swear ruining crypto space
I lost $300fucking cancelling error fuck
This is not a community, this is a place where people meme and predate each other
>using any exchange starting with a bdisgusting
Next time buy WaBi certified products instead of scam.
uh...so you fomo bought and tried to cancel when it dumped, but the order already filled and you think thats bittrex's fault?
lmfao
You've still got plenty of time.
We've got so much room to grow I think almost anything reputable will net you gains in the long run.
I don't think I've ever lost 70% of my portfolio cause I don't go that hard on any one coin.
Went from €3800 to 1800 at one point.
Panic sold and stayed out for a month.
Then added 2000 and made that 3800 into 7000 now just by holding BTC/ ETH/LTC and trading with 10% in daily shitcoins....
Withdraw you initial investment now.