Why is capitalism so soulless... there must be more to life than working for jews.My only light in the end of the tunnel is the fact that I'm saving and investing $2500/month as a wagecuck.
I know I will eventually be able to stop wageying.
I am also getting good returns.
At least you're not a worthless subhuman NEET.
That's true.
We don't have Capitalism, we have a neo-Communist system.
If you have a central bank, you have no free market in money.
If you have no free market in money, you have no free market at all.
This is to say nothing of the welfare/warfare state.
this
Guys, I know referral codes are fto share on biz.
But I literally turned 0 BTC into 0.005 BTC just by signing up and using the Martingale system.
(slightly modified)https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martingale_(betting_system)Maybe I'm lucky.
Or maybe my method just works.
I've also 10x'ed on Cryptopia's dice game twice.Like I said, it could be all chance, so don't go betting more than you can lose.
But if you're like me and spend 8+ hours a day on a computer for work, this can be a nice way to generate passive BTC.Here's my link:freebitco.in/ ref code: 9672370You literally get free Sats just for signing up, btw.Your friend,The Crypto Genius
explain this to a brainlet
it's a dice game site, you just gotta use the referral code and get free BTC.
ez.Sincerely,The Supreme Crypto Leader
Why is capitalism so soullesshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoWbm8zUG6Y
Dear humanity, You were a fucking mistake.
Sincerely, God
b urself man
Markets are heavily regulated by Government.
Government regulation creates the opportunity for the State and free market to slowly, surely wash into each other and collude with one another until they become scarcely distinguishable, at which point they effectively create a neo-Communist system.The State taxes your wages and distributes them among others, in exchange for votes.
In a modern democracy, there are certain groups which vote based solely on the basis of who is offering the better bribe (which comes out of your pocket) for that vote.
This is absolutely Communist, and extremely dangerous in that it is easily implemented via democracy, which we are told is ideal and fair, when in truth it is mob rule, with various ethnic, racial, ideological groups competing with one another to attain control of the bloated United States Empire.
The American experiment was started on the premise that the U.S would be racially homogeneous, aside from the slaves brought here against their will, that States had a right to free secession, and that Federal power was minimal.
It was possibly the smallest government possible at its outset.
Central Banking regulates money itself.
Money is a fundamental aspect of the economy.
If money is regulated, everything else is de facto regulated as well.
The Federal Reserve, a privately owned bank, tells the Treasury, which is part of the government, to print fiat currency, i.e currency that has value because the State declares it so.
The Fed then says that we owe them that money back, with interest.
They loan us nothing in the first place.
We just print it, then we have to pay it and more back.
A truly ingenuous scheme.
They claim they can control the boom and bust cycle, but truly they only worsen it by distorting the market signals which the consumer and investor see.
The Treasury can issue money itself.
There need be no 3rd party, claiming they are owed everything when have done nothing.cont...
A free market is fundamentally based upon freedom of association and voluntarism.
There is nothing voluntary about taxation, and this is proven by the fact that if you do not submit to taxation, you will eventually be physically assaulted and thrown into a cage.
If you resist the assault, you may be murdered in the process.
If you murder your attackers, you will be hunted until you are found, then murdered.There is nothing voluntary about a market which is regulated and taxed into oblivion.
Regulation only creates a two-way pipeline for politicians and corporations to align and rig entire markets for their mutual benefit.
The big bank executives paid millions to individual politicians before 2008.
When their banks failed, the politicians reciprocated with billions of dollars of our money to bail them out.
The executives pocketed some of it as bonuses.
The bribes they paid to politicians were not only bribes, but investments, and you can see that their returns were in the thousands of percentage points.
Bernie Madoff was a relatively small time sacrificial lamb, his purpose being to sate the anger of the fat, dumb public.
Finally, this read is a good summary of this neo-Communist nation called the United States.
It already fulfills 9 of 10 Communist "planks" as outlined by Karl Marx himself.http://www.wnd.com/2011/07/319117/
4372017Brilliant and concise summary.
It is a sick world we live in.
/biz/ do you see what I see?
t-thanks, you too
Lol nice meme but real economists/political scientists don't get their degrees from ronpaul_anarcho_autism_badeconomics.jpg university
I see a peculiar way of spacing, yes, anon.
kek
(((real economists)))>implying I'm ancap
Jesus Christ it's painful to watch a man who has clearly never read the Communist Manifesto describe 'neo-Communist states.'
Just an FYI for anybody who'd like to sound educated if the topic of Communism ever comes up: Communism and government of any kind are philosophically opposed ideas.
Just read the Manifesto you stupid, lazy faggots.
Marx clearly and constantly stated that the State should own the factories, the farmland and land in general, etc.
He makes it abundantly clear that the State is implement and enforce the Communist model.
Fuck lads I spent this afternoon reading about the RothschildsImagine a family of Jews that are likely to control $500T in wealthim not saying fuck capitalism but it's not fair bros
Get off my fucking board and stop chirping about shit you don't understand, Pajeet.
dictatorship of proletariat, then stateless communityno one is ever gonna relinquish power over their fellow men, anarcho commie tard
From a historical perspective, those with communist ideas favor strong authoritarian governments Yes their ultimate goal may purportedly have been achieving a state without the need for central power, but conflating communism with authoritarian government is an understandable mistake
You're right.
And they'll die trying to keep it.Yeah, if you haven't read the Manifesto.
In which case, quit saying dumb shit about 'neo Communism.'
That too much to ask?
Communism and government of any kind are philosophically opposed ideas.If they're opposite ideas, why does communism has be forced upon people?
no great society has been built without leadership, you know that dont you, because human egalitarianism is a lie.
Now stop being stupid, communism is jewish ideology to make you cattle.
Period
This is not your board, Comrade.
It is OUR board :^)
He obviously worships communist dictators and believes all the bad events that happened in communist countries are lies.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_the_Jewish_QuestionSeriously, you stupid.
Fucking.
Faggot.
Just look shit up before talking about it.
Why be willfully idiotic?
A board of people who don't understand what they're talking about or doing?
No shit it is, child.
None of you understand crypto either.
But you like to pretend.
Sure i'll trust this (((guy))) web on the JQ.Get the fuck out of this board commie scum.Abandon your ideology or gtfo of white land, you will be dealt with sooner than later.
Funny that you espouse communism but act like you're smarter than everyone else.
You're the type of person who would get lynched during a communist revolution.
Heh.. yeah...Who would ever be a NEET haha
Don't catch a bullet in the teeth for acting like 'tough right wing guy,' fag.
Grow up.Love how you faggots start saying faggy violent shit when people challenge your nonsense copypasta.
You're acting like women.
Yep, intellectuals are the first to go in commie revolts.
They get the rope either way on fascist revolution.Thats what happens when you use your brains against your countrymen.
Their knowledge of history rarely goes beyond their beloved commie figures, many of them blatantly jews, excused by their 'atheism'
Holy shit, glad to see another anon that worked it out.
I'll use you ref link and my modded martingale system.
I'll tip you then we can split it so we go quicker
shit will escalate, get used to it.
Your ways are harming western societies.
The money elite is screwing us too, but they helped establish your bullshit too anyway, so they get the rope too
I don’t just want to be any wagecuck, I want to be a permanent wagecuck >muh free market
I’m truly sorry for your brain damage
I'm just giving you the historical facts.
The people who acted uppity were always among the first who would get killed during revolutions.
Even if you say you're on the side of communists, that won't be enough to spare you.
Escalate your mouth to my balls and stop talking about shit you don't understand.
Get a tampon.
Gimme something I can contact you on anon
Lmao, you're the one who's angry here.
Go punch the wall or something.
Communism and government of any kind are philosophically opposed ideasAre you retarded..?
I mean maybe in some larpy fantasy land this could be a thing, even then I have my doubts, but in real world application the exact opposite is true.
take the varg pill and live as a simple farmer
In fantasy land anarchocommunism is definitely a thing and it's not all that different from any other kind of anarchism.
In the real world there's no such thing as any kind of communism, only "state capitalism" (what the Soviets called it, as in "the state is the only one with capital") or socialism, which were meant to be transitional periods which failed miserably due to a combination of internal problems with brutal disruption and sabotage by the USA (see: south America)
The Jew cannot do his work in a free market, which is why he seeks to rig it.
4373304
explain this to a brainletCentral bank is straight out of the communist manifesto.
Has nothing to do with capitalism.