>invests in alt coins for the short term while their prices are just pumped.Why the fuck would you not take advantage and buy bitcoin now before the faggots come back and dump your shitcoins?
Bitcoin is fucking shit and you can expect a bull run on alts again for the next 4-5 months.
Deal with it fag.
all bullphase is usually shorter, about 2 to MAXIMUM 3 months.
one should use every opporunity he gets there until the FUD/drama starts again.
> mu-muh more money will pour in after the fork since its the parabolic fundamentals that caused the pump>its not the free coins meme that caused the BTC pump>muh CME futureswhats up bitcoiner?
scared of BTC dumping now that the fork is over?
kek lower highs and lower lows since the fork cancellation.
BTC still has a long way down
There is some altcoins like sys xrp flo that will revolutionize the way of life for normies and fags like you.Bitcoin does not do that ... its a shitcoin with a huge value because it was first.
Thats it.Im not comfortable holding bitcoin, especially now.
bitcoin is going to have one last pump before the fork.
wait for it then go all in on alts or fiat.
the fork fud will bring it back down, thats when you go back to btc.
but always be on the lookout for moon missions during any of this.
bitcoin is going to have one last pump before the forkthis is why its going to dump even further once people find out about the news.
The fork backed by huge names will no longer continue Nov 16.
ITS OVER.
Kek!!!!!!
Alt coins have already spent the last month crashing against BTC.
Are you seriously that stupid that you think that will just continue indefinitely?I'm making a lot of money precisely because I know the tides turn, alts and have their moments and BTC has its moments.
I don't understand people who think ever alt coin is suddenly worthless and will just drop to 0.
They say this every time BTC goes up and they are never right because it's a baseless assumption
terrible margins on bitcoini started with 800$ and made 200 in one day by holding alts
there's no fork
ahahahahaahahahahahahah anon.... this guy just woke up and is expecting a fork