>/biz/tards see nothing wrong with this
Everyone sees everything wrong with that anon.
If this doesn't correct to 5k before hitting 10k, I would be very worried.
MAXIMUM BTC FUD IN /biz/.
That means BTC is going to $9k this weekend.
BUY.
I, for one, cannot fucking wait.
This.
Just set a stop loss order and you literally can lose nothing and only gain if BTC keeps going up.
Amazon will collapse any day now, I'm not shitposting because Im salty that I missed the moon mission.
keeping more than $1000 on an exchangeNo
if btc collapse to 5k will is murder all the alt coins values?
plz no bully
yes and hopefully chainlink goes to 0
Yes, expect losses of around 80 percent of Bitcoin losses.
thisus millennial faggots get another chance at the dot com boom-type gains and you want to throw it away, go ahead and short BTC right now i dare you idiotif bitcoin (BTC), core, not the shitty knockoffs, is EVER under $5000 again I'll eat my cock on Twitch
It could murder them, it could also help them as they might be seen as a safehaven
I'll just say this once:Quantum ComputersEnjoy your dick!
When should I sell?
Yes, quantum processing is a threat eventually but there will be strategies to confound them
Amazon has amazing fundamentals.Bitcoin does not.
Really depends why btc would drop
dont worry vitalik is working on a quantum simulator so he can future proof eth...lmao
Can't really tell.
There also is a probability that the community will manage to make it quantum resistant or that the mainstream media will be silent about this and only secret services/sufficiently rich people will have access to QCs capable of cracking it.
The thing is: NASA and Google could already fuck everything up with their QCs but they don't.
So it might as well go on for another 10, probably even 20 years.
However, I bet that there at least 100 companies on earth that could fuck things up by 2025.
Do the math yourself... One thing is sure: a 50 Qubit machine will be available for O(100k$) in the next 5-10 years.
there already are quantum resistant ledgers.
However, they are not a safe bet.
Will probably die before BTC fails.
Should Vitalik succeed with this stuff, ETH is quite a good place to be.
log
the biggest difference is that amazons ability to perform transactions is guaranteed by law, bitcoin transactions can be forbidden.
use log scale you fucking moron
and?
the log scale only makes exponential growth look like a linear function.
Changes nothing about the fact that it is exponential.
The thing is: NASA and Google could already fuck everything up with their QCs but they don'thahahaHAHAHA
if you think qc biggest danger is to cryptocurrencies, youre beyond saving, brainlet.guess what is protecting literally everything: banks, secret services, army communications, your account to trap porn site information?
QC will destroy literally everything, not just BTC.
what is your twitch name?
I want to watch
Money itself has become a gigantic meme.
This is the peak
It corrected to 5.5k just a few days ago
unironically comparing Amazon to buttcoinYup you guys are going to get fucked.
eventually?
what about the d-wave?
It's still not even known if it's theoretically possible to scale a qc above a certain qubit threshold to even perform useful calculations without succumbing to decoherence, so I wouldn't worry too much about your wallet getting hacked by a qc just yet
this.
BTC moves scary fast now.
Nocoiners have a problem with this.
that looks exponential even on log scale.
so it's way faster than exponential growth.
kek.
link to your github profile b8xor.
If there's a single example of quantum code on there I'll eat MY cock on twitch.