
The pump is over
lmao.
you too late retard.
pump and dumped an hour ago
thanks for the dip dumpers
CONFIRMED!!!
This was fucking trash.
Teeka is the ultimate Pajeet.
it's already dumping.
don't buy my friends
u guys are retards if u think this is over.
the normies with real cash have yet to buy
seriously tho interested in this.
what is the normal pattern for pumps.
is there a standard trend for this?
It's a dip, not a dump idiots.
This always happens with pbc picks, people who are already holding take profits when it moons, FOMOers panic sell, and then money floods in and the coin hits ATH.
Every.
Single.
Time.
Buy up to $600.
no thanksits extremely bloated as is
Yup.
Initial pump, then the people who got in early and long holders dump...after that is the dip to buy.. then the normies and long term investors buy and price gradually increases or moons.Dash has only persevered even when people say it's a scam coin, it keeps going up.
keep doubting it.
Thank you for your wisdom, friend!
I'm buying DASH right now!!!!
round 2 is underway, going back up hard right now
Lost a lot of money to you tonight Teeka.
You filthy fucking pajeet.
I have no one to blame but myself in the end.
But in the end
thanks, sold at 1.37702eth rebuy at 1.33317eth
So you FOMO'd on a margin?
You can only blame yourself, period.
Smart move.
Don't worry just hold.
Like the other anon said..It will hit ATH..Probably 650-700$
if you bought high, why would you sell right away?
dont you realize it could go up in almost no time again?
what, do you think dash is going to crash to 0 or something?
e swear, you novices just WANT to lose money or something
Quick!
Pump it so Teeka can dump on your dumbass LOLOLOL!
You do know the guy has been banned from trading due to fraud?
Says the guy desperate to dump his bags
Buying a few if the circulating supply he says is right then it wont take much for this to hit 1k+
aww did somebody buy high and panic sell low.
Long time holder here fuck face
even when people say it's a scam coinDash is one of the few non-scam coins out there what are these people drinking?
I can't say if it will moon or not but it's a great technology.
are you fucking retarded, dash is the biggest scam coin out there.
Just explain the fucking premine, you don't know shit you dirty pajeet.
InstantSend and PrivateSend you fucking retard.
It's already faster AND more secure than goddamn Bitcoin.
Sure there might be other good coins out there but if Dash is a scam to you then seriously consider your blockfolio choices.
Im trying to do a little research and so far found this:https://www.dash.org/forum/threads/addressing-the-premine-issue-for-good.7330/Also checked the rich list:https://bitinfocharts.com/top-100-richest-dash-addresses.htmlAnd only one address has greater than 1% holdings.It seems the issue started when it was still DRK way back 2014, which the forum posts suggests has been significantly sold already.
Can you shed light on how much was premined and why is this still and issue in 2017?
What ISN't faster and more secure than fucking bitcoin?
PBC was a bust.
BTC pump thread just started.
Search 'Oldfagbiztard".
Fair point, yet look at where we are.