I'm new to crypto and after thorough research a Decided to dip in with $2k with 50/50 on XMR/LTC.Did I do a stupid decision?Is this a good portfolio?
The XMR will save you
You won’t lose much but you won’t really gain much either
Make it 100% Monero and you're good to go.
neither of them have hit ath for quite a whilethe best is yet to come
XMR mooned just yesterday you dumbass.
it has a lot of potential.
LTC maybe but not sure about.
litecoin is in a downtrend, better of all in monero imo.
This was actually my reasoning.
None of these two had made something up until yesterday, where XMR gained a few bucks.
I like XMR but I think that LTC is useless.
I don't understand why LTC exists apart from people that mined a bunch so they are trying to keep it alive.XMR is too niche.ETH is king.
make it 3k and buy ETH nignog
LTC is just extremely frustrating to watch.
You expect it to get the same pumps as BTC and its forks but instead nothing happens.
Go with Vertcoin instead.
Shortterm you're gonna see more gains and longterm even more more gains.
It's also better technology than LTC.
Only drawback is it doesn't have normie attention yet.
Other half I'd equally invest in BTC and BCC and always transform profits of one to the other so you keep them equal.
Picture it as a horse race with those two at the very very far lead and everyone betting on either horse.
People will take every dip and every gain as their coin winning or losing and FOMO or FUD.
You can profit from this by swing trading.I think really think they easiest way to gain money the next few month is to just buy both BCC and BTC and just keep them equal always while the idiots betting on one horse lose all their money.
Probably a “safe” hold for now...the prices are usually relatively stable.
XMR has had some nice gains over the last few days due to the btc/bch cripple fight
well you bought xmr low and you bought ltc high so you did ok so long as you get out of ltc before it dips.
welcome to the jungle anon
4344102Okay, so, should I swap LTC for ETH?
DASH?
VTC?Isn't VTC a shitcoin?
ETH is definitely the future, the google of the dotcom bubble so yeah
VTC is a shitcoin.XMR is good, don't take LTC, it's bascially just a testnet for bitcoin.
I don't know whats wrong with people on this board.
I understand you want to shit on any coin that you're currently not holding but trying to shit on LTC and XMR is literally impossible.
Both of these coins are 100% legitimate and will definitely coins with top market caps in the years to come.
You made a very good descision OP.
Now leave those coins alone and resist daytradingSure, some coins will see bigger returns but he'll atleast be able to sleep comfy at night
I can only speak for myself but VTC is easily my comfiest hold.
Though I've been in since it was only a third of its current value.
I'd say put it on watch it and see when it dips.
If you see a big dip like 10-20% buy in immediately.
That's what I'll do.
Right now best way to get money is imo to buy BTC and BCC equally and swing trade the profits
ETH is the most useful safe bet that will only increase as time goes on.But if you want something that will be like getting in on BTC or ETH during the early days, then a riskier but more exciting prospect is ETP.
Hurrdurr, buy high, sell low.
Cash out retard.
Alright anon.Put 1k into monero and put the rest into Eth and Ada (Cardano).
both dash and vtc look dangerously high so if you really want to switch go with eth but i'd just stick with ltc for a while at least
Monero is a solid pick, if I was buying in again today I would go:XMR, ETH, NEO, OMG, small amount in BTC and maybe like 5% in anything else.
Monero is great BUT it has one major piece of FUD hanging over it; since it’s used for darknet shit it could one day be banned.
Im keeping mine at 20-25% of portfolio
I'm 15% Monero and banning it would only give it publicity and increase it's price
90% whatever u want10% trading shitcoins
ETH, no real drama, most developed system, most relationship with all big company.
XMR is great, switch LTC for ETH and use a little of your ETH to get into meme-trading.
Snowden said its amateur encryption, so these guys not pros.They claim privacy, but cant outfox serious gov orgs like nsa.
Ltc is a good store of value.
Has fast transactions and no drama.
Prove it nigger
Look into ZEN.
In less than two weeks it'll be more private than monero with much more upside potential based on market cap.
Most people thought it was a p&d but it is not.
Check out their discord and subreddit.
Do the research and then buy if you are skeptical.
Good luck
this