>tfw when been in crypto for 3 months and finally making winning trades consistentlysrs, learn basic TA, look at different time frames, learn trading psychology(this being the most important), and for fucks sake, dont marry a coin.
if it's a losing coin and you dont plan on holding long term, dump that shit.
also- p a t i e n c edont just look for someone else to shill you the hottest steamiest shitcoin atm.
you learn nothing from that.i started off as a /fit/bro but after a certain amount of time, you realize these boards are full of 98% bullshit.
i love /biz/ cuz it showed me the crypto light, but /biz is only a starting point.
learn basics here and then gtfo for real info.
>learn basic TAWhat technicals do you usually use?
I mostly follow moving averages and RSI.
thanks for this honest and quality post>don't marry a coinCan't emphasizes this enoughI was guilty of this until recently
>gtfo for real infoWhat type of places do you like for getting info?
bollinger bands have really helped when im looking at getting into a coin.
i look at them on 1day, 2/4 hour and 30 min usually.
also MACD and little bit of SAR to see the basic trend.
RSI is helpful too, i just dont use it a lotthe biggest change to my trading tho has learning basic resistance/support levels and trading off thoseno worries man.
just so much bullshit and lack of understanding on here that it pays not refreshing the catalog every 5 min.
we're gonna make ityoutube has been the most helpful to me.
a little bit of crypto trading videos, but desu, people uploading crypto videos have maybe been in it for a year or two tops and dont really know what theyre talking abut eitherIm now watching a lot more stock/futures/forex traders that have been in markets for 10 yrs+.
dudes who live and breathe trading.
what we're trading is different, but the psychology of the trading is still the samehighly recommend the late Mark Douglas material.
long video on trading psychology but worth the watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg4YzRhILFE
also, TAKE PROFITS, and dont panic sell<insert shitcoin> would go up 5% and i would think, "fuck yeh, this thing going to the fucking moon" to only have it drop below my entryon panic selling- find the support and set your buy order around that level.
most likely it will drop a bit more before it bounces, just be patient and dont freak when it drops a little immediately after entry.
if you consistently see big drops after your entry, youre entering too high.
again- patience
Keep sharing wisdom man I'm learning.
RIght now I've been in this for about 15 days.
I've made maybe 50% so far but I've also lost a lot.
If you can share resources do that too please, finally some useful shit on this board.
What do you think of that youtube guy DataDash.
Everyone says he's good, he has a Trading tactics playlist
I know TA from my previous job, but I have no idea how it translates to crypto to be honest.How do you follow all the altcoins?
There's so many of them!
% isnt bad.
a lot better than when i started.
ive never heard of datadash but will check him out.
and in terms of resources, there's no specific resource i use besides youtube and google.
I'll just search something i dont know about that a youtuber will mention, like bollinger bands or support/resistance, and then read/watch as much as i can on it.
then apply it in a trade to see if I learned what was discussed and see if it works for me.
everything else is speculation and really just try to keep it simple for modest gains.
looking to be in this shit long term so im not swinging for the fences and going all in on every trade.
usually like 25% of my stack at the most at a timedont overthink it.
TA is TA.and i just pull up my exchange account on binance where i trade exclusively(best charts, no 30 sec delay, looks like a real trading platform, all things bittrex sucks dick at) and scour the different coins(alt/BTC) and see what charts look like theyre setting up for a good move.
this is more of my day trading approach.if, i really like a coin(LINK, RDN), i'll buy and hold and not give a shit what the daily action looks like
How many trades do you do per day and how much do you usually get per trade?