BackgroundZcoin launch one year ago and is currently a top 100 coins and won Binance community coin of the month.
It is a privacy coin complementing top privacy coins such as Monero, Dash, and Zcash.
It is based on the Zerocoin paper which is differentiated from CoinJoin, Ring signatures and ZeroCash.
Important to note that Zerocoin and zerocash both use zero knowledge proofs, share common authors, but different cryptology and developers.
Zcoin burns a coin and all its related history and allows you to spend a new coin with no trace of history and supply is auditable.
Real privacy non-shitcoin, no premine, no ico, no airdrop bullshit.
So who gives a fuck?
Znodes is being introduced in 2 weeks and when it was announced the price jumped up 30% and have stayed extremely stable for 4 days and counting, while asks volume completely evaporated.
Reddit post reporting this news was heavily downvoted with no comments, because smart money was accumulating the necessary 1000 coins to run a node.
The nodes will get a whopping 25% - 45% ROI for holding a 80Mcap coin with crazy up-side.
Literal silence everywhere, bitcointalk is crickets because when you have a true gem you don’t fucking talk about until you finish hoarding.So why are you tell me this now?
Because I’m maxed out and I don’t care if people fomo anymore.Exactly 9 months ago a Dash masternode costs exactly what a zcoin masternode does now.
In fact Dash’s marketcap was double zcoin’s present market cap.
Currently 1 Dash node makes $3,200 a month and is worth $422,000.
You browse these boards all day because you want crypto to change your fucking life, well here it is, you are very fucking welcome.
The income from just 1 node alone will give you what a wagecuck makes working for a year.
You are doing this for money right?
Or just keep daytrading your shitcoins on Etherdelta/Bittrex and stay poor.
There was no news of masternodes.
It pumped for no reason.
I'm still waiting for news on masternodes right now.
it pumped because of binance you homo
Do some basic research you fags.
Binance vote was the 9th, the jump in price was after znodes, the 14th.
any reason to be holding 300ish of these?
i've had them for a while and don't remember why.
should i just buy up to 1000?
znodes looks like profitfarm if price keeps increasing
It is probable to do a masternode pool at a later time.
But obviously get 1000 if not interesting in doing a pool with other people.
The estimated ROI and number of nodes is based on current Dash node utilization of 58%, so it is conservative.
Also consider that so many fucken people shit on Dash for the Evan Duffield instamine, and look at where it is now, setting people up for life.
I bought this shit months ago but got tired of waiting.
Did they ever release MTPs???
Not yet.
Jesus Christ wtf is going on with that
Still a positive as the only coin working towards it.
With all the hype about asic resistance, there is unsurprising no shilling of zcoin, hoard away.
So this is ASIC resistant?
Also, is are the nodes actually two weeks away?
These guys have promised SoonTM forever
You see?
Pic related anon
Curiosity bump