OLDFAGBIZTARD HERE.
I.
WAS.
RIGHT.
I.
AM.
LEGEND.
NO STOPPING UNTIL $25K
same price same time yesterday lol
ALTCOINERS ON SUICIDE WATCH.
YOU WERE WARNED
OLDFAGBIZTARD WHY WAS U DELETED MATE.
U NOT EVEN MAD BRO?
what's a bull trap?
Not even mad.
Mods protecting my identity.
It was stupid.
Down it goes lol, you dumb faggots should have sold at 7.5k
How old are you?
Like 150?
OMG /biz/ it's going back to 7250 WHAT A JUMP, A PRICE IT HAD A FEW DAYS AGO AND EVEN HIGHERSwear everyone here is retarded
Those scars are from doing things you are to fat, lazy, and scared to, Son.
Oh, wait.
Read the post again.
M'Lady.
Two Double Bottoms in.
$7270 and climbing.
We are go for Throttle Up.
All systems nominal.
this is a definite trap
$7290

10k in 2 HOURS, CAP THIS

We are not concerned with your sexual orientation.
ITS A FUCKING CHINK TRAP!
And you ALL KNOW THIS ANON IS NEVER WRONG!
EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Changed the picParanoid boomer
EXIT ALL ALTSAHHHHHHHHHHHH
Break out with tons of volume.
GIVE ME YOUR ALT SALT YOU GAMBLING DEGENERATES
Yeah look at the RSI and MACD.
This shit's gonna snap back down.
Screencap this.
Didn't change the pic.
It was pruned.
I am supposed to be living in obscurity, and that was risky
its a classic chink/gook trap
Stay Salty.
I warned you when to dump alts and get back in.
Impossible.
Chinks are at morning tea.
4241621You were warned.
It's so fucking annoying how everyone calls $7500 a bubble.
How is a number like 7500 even relevant?
What if there were 21,000,000,000 bitcoins and it was $7.50?
people would say shit about over valued bubble.It's going to take some adjustment for people to understand how few bitcoins there are and how few people will ever own one.
BTC is going to $1,000,000, these tiny jumps are people just having trouble coming to terms with the insane return rate.
They've been calling bubble since $5.
Ignore (((them))).
you are right.bitcoin at 1 million bucks is nothing when you realize that supplynot even covers 0.25% of worlds population and just 25% of the 1%.
It's going to take some adjustment for people to understand how few bitcoins there are and how few people will ever own one.
BTC is going to $1,000,000, these tiny jumps are people just having trouble coming to terms with the insane return rate.bitcoin at 1 million bucks is nothing when you realize that supplynot even covers 0.25% of worlds population and just 25% of the 1%.>tfw
UPDATE; SELLWALL IS MOVING.
Just moved back to $7400
lol
*Bow*
Main sellwall just moved back to 8K.
I guess ill move my alt buy wall back then!
HAHAHA!
Dead cat bounce
lol, look at the 6mth and all time chartYou have no idea what you're talking about, do you?
4242011This poster is responding to this poster
just let him spout his intellectual jargon
What’s the ceiling before the fork?
Not sure when to sell some of my stack.
Some of my info says 12K, some 14K To be safe, I am dumping some at $1187, and keeping the rest in for S2X.
What I dump at 1187, I will buy back in with post fork at 6790
* I've been up for 3 days on the phone with a lot of contacts so I could let you all know the precise instant Bitcoin broke out.
$7330 and climbing.
Haha.
thanks anon.
Once 4chan, always 4chan.
You can never leave.
When I die I will have my DNA code converted to Binary, and pay to have it loaded in to the 4chan code.
I will be the Keymaster.
All systems Nominal.
7340 and climbing.
Second stage separation complete.
Bitcoin Shuttle you are go for Throttle Up at 07:15.
Houston out.
Shhhh, let them have their time.Meanwhile on telegram:Eh boi buy em ltc while de btc price be goin up to distract dem shrimp.
Interpreted; "Good God these Litecoin bags are heavy."
pic related is where I told you all to buy.
even before the second dip was fully formed.
I just knew.
I don't know how else to explain it.
I's been that way since I was flatlined for 38 minutes in '78.
I just "know" things.
That is why I worked as an Investigator for so long.
Anyway, whatever.
I now have my place in /biz/ legend.
Lol.
Pretty much guaranteed not to break 7600 (really 7427).>No news bumping price.>Downward trend from previous high.>Increasing FUD before fork
If dubs 10k by the end of the month
BULL TRAP GET YOUR SHORTS READY WE HAVING A PICNIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1cbsLKXasQ
Probably the dumbest shit I've read on biz...and I read a lot of stupid shit on biz.
Triggered?
Are (you) an Angry Athiest?
You seem very Angry.
Are you the next church shooter?
(((technical))) analysis
4242755check pls
Yeah oldfag was right!
Double bottom!!!
Like...do you just not realize how fucking stupid you sound or are you just fucking with me?
technical analysis alone didn't seem to be working for you kids, so I thought I might lend a hand.
Just fucking with you, Kid.
Nothing personal.
I knew that bullshit would get a rise out of someone.
Just trying to lighten the mood for those poor souls who didn't listen.
Keep on MAGA.
>mfw altfags are so fucking triggered over the last few months that they actively want BTC to fail nowstay mad you fucking brainlet vermin
Well, according to my sources, some high level Altys initiated a very expensive highly co-ordinated attack against Bitcoin several days ago.
They Shorted Bitcoin, then rented several thousand servers at Amazon to pose as "Miners".
They also paid some Redditors / youtubers to fud bitcoin.
two of the main ones go by the name "Teeka" and "Tone Deaf" (Names slightly altered for obvious reasons.)
The also generated an "open letter" to support the scam.
This was all funded by Prince "All Weedy", who has since been arrested, and his 20 billion in assets seized.
I knew the funding for this scam was drying up, and that Bitcoin was set to rebound ferociously like a coiled spring.
I picked the double bottom as the point for the return from this Global Bitcoin Fud Scam.
this main scam included many variants, so that when one scam was outed, they would just switch to the next one.
many of these promoted Bitcoin Cash as "The Real Bitcoin".
At the height of the Operation these Bitcoin fud scam threads were appearing on /biz/ at the rate of one every 30 seconds.
27 is dubs to me!!
Holy shit I heard about this!!
Just takes to a buddy about it.
Oldfag confirms!
This.In the future BTC holders will be akin the feudal lords.
Every BTC will be worth an entire estate.
The BTC nobility will displace the old.
Just so you know, there will be a massive dump at 100K, but, as always, we will buy back, and it will rise once again.
Does anyone have a list of all the exchanges giving out BT2 to everyone holding BTC?
Since the Intelligence Asset I am currently allocated to is near Seattle, I use Bittrex / Coinbase.