Do you watch more minutes of porn per day then you look at your blockfolio?
I don't look at either anon thats how you become successful.
I have them side by side, and I refresh my blockfolio app with my big toe as I'm jerking off ferociously.
its than not then.
sorry.
I dont watch porn anymore, its really bad for your brain anon.
apology accepted
what kind of porn do you watch?
What's the difference?
I am in BDSMBut i dont feel good after fappingPlease convince me why it's bad for my brain?
Blockfolio is porn to me bru.
Those green candles get me harder than watching unfaithful creampie stepmoms
that's usually better live.
there's a raw feeling to bdsm that you can't replicate through videos (unless you are just a voyeur).blockfolio makes me hard though.
m8 just look up studies, its like heroin for the brain, overstimulated and subsequent desensitation, testosterone reduction and nefarious psychological creep that porn brings with it.in addition, your cum is what gives you strenght and should be safely deposited within vaginas.since stopping fapping less anxiety, more testosterone, more sex, more dominance and more succes.
higher motivation, stronger build.
don't care about sex.
only care about making money.
if having sexual desires makes me unfocused, i fap and the desire goes away.
the only thing that matters to me is escaping wage slavery.
I FUCKING MEAN IT.
Yea I know but the girls ive been with get uncomfortable with bdsmThey prefer passionate sex
Being an amish is just as bad as jerking off 5 times a day OPJust find a ballance.
If your cum doesen't leave your balls in 2 days, it starts doing more harm than good, and test starts dropping if you don't use it.Spartan warriors would cut their balls off after having kids to become fierce warriors.
less anxiety, more testosterone, more sex, more dominance and more succesthat's likely because you masturbate like a monkey, it's more about you than the act itselfthere's literally nothing wrong with masturbation as it is
I still watch porn sometimes but don't masturbate, well sometimes I do but I stop way before i cum.
Why would i watch Porn, when im in the crypto business and can afford Hookers on a daily basis???
Currently no fap AND all-in BCH since 550$.
Porn would certainly give me less pleasure than refreshing my blockfolio once in a while.
I think you needs to jerk off occasionally for maintenance but it's best to not rely on porn.
Of course, you can always just have sex instead of jerking to porn lol.
Literally have not looked at porn in years.
But I married an asian qt, so there is that.
you can always just have sex instead of jerking to porn>have sex>bitch finds out you have money>she tries to get pregnant from you>assuming she fails and you don't get JUSTed...>you refuse to date or marry her>get accused of rape>society locks you in a cell where you will be actually raped for real, by shadowy figures in the darkno thank you... porn is safer.
you can keep your women for all i care.
i just want the cold hard cash.
Nah I'm fucking someone that's premed so it's gucci
My gf is from a religious family and would be disowned if she had kids out of wedlock
you will still end up getting JUSTed in the end.
trust me, she will find a way.
i don't know one man who didn't get JUSTed by women.
all married men look like they've been dead inside for so long...
The only way out, is through the righful path... to make money and escape wage slavery.
everything else is nothing but traps.
Dafuck is wrong with you?!
You really think that's how the world works?
?You need to go play outside Jimmy!
Too much internet fucked your brain up
[Citation needed]Bingo.
stop watching porn
I-It's not that bad, anon.
I mean, there are people who do drugs etc.
R-Right?
porn is great.
dont know what the fuck you guys are talking about.
i also fuck regularly.
that as nothing to do with porn.but crypto definitely makes me hard.
seeing gains and being a poor fuck...feels great.
Look up “this is your brain on porn.”
i dont need to look at porn cause my wife is a model.i dont need to look at blockfolio cause i already know whats going to happen.
She dumb as fuck then?