Robinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Free stock http://share.robinhood.com/davidt917Top 100 Robinhood stocks:https://i.imgur.com/IvGznaV.jpgPremarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread 
first for AMD
does anyone here watch bloomberg tv (or have it playing in the background) while looking for trade ideas?
Which coin is this?
Only shipping stocks here friend
$SHIP is going to moon today
Can someone explain the reversal on the bull trap set by TOPS I've traded for a few years now but I haven't seen something like this before.
It was an obvious trap but wtf is going on now?
Where do you guys go to find oversold stocks?
Anyone all in on RLOG and TOPS?
ENRJ ma nigga
I'm in TOPS.
Feels bad today.
I can only hope this pre market is shaking weak hands for another pump today.
Well, MYOS is just about back where I bought it in premarket now, on news they’re partnering with colleges to pump their product.
Should be an interesting day.
I prefer CNBC desu
I need a new magical meme stock.
Mommy help
My wife's kids didn't deserve Christmas this year anyways.
TOPS.
Dont you mean Kwanzaa
You gotta pay the gains toll if you want to get in the B hold.
Did something happen or is it just a fluke?
I kept asking why you thought it was going to go up, but you never gave me a reason so I never bothered with DD on such a shitty looking company.
Now I missed out on gains.
I had a feeling the news with the NFL wasn’t going to be the only positive press coming from them in the short term.
Eh, I guess I wouldn't have bet on your good feeling of possible news coming out.
Good on you, I hope you make back all your money and then some.
you all have no idea what you're doing.
seek help.
Why didn't you buy ONCS?
why havent you sold?
Keep your eyes on HTGM.
It already rose 30%, but the last time it had an earnings report this good, it rose several hundred percent.
Don't rush into it though, I'm still watching to see if it drops from everyone taking their gains and running.
So what does the TOP sec filings really mean?
Mass dilution?
So uh what's the point of RH if TOS is a direct upgrade
.5B shares being added if I can into math correct.
>SPI underwent a 1 to 10 reverse split.
Funds from fractional shares may take 2-4 weeks to process.
thank god I sold that shit
Mommy help
>WEN
BAC is sub 27 in the premarket.
Get ready to lose a month's worth of gains, boys.
I do.
I'm the one that posts the lovely Vonnie Quinn from time to time.
What's the dumbest decision you've ever made guys?>sold all my MTCH yesterday to chase HMNY
$TRXC, lads.
This is a real tendie-earning moon mission waiting to happen.
ER CC is tomorrow after hours.
Get it at any dip before then.
I bought TOPS premarket today at 2.38.
Down about $1000 right now.
Oh great another red day.
Never bet on Greek shipping companies, especially when the pump is nearing its run.
>MFIN
I'm in with 4500 shares now
Is amrs really worth buying and holding until ER?It sounds promising
The correction is here and Robinhood cucked people out of their gains on BAC+B.
I don’t think any stock is worth holding to ER right now.75% of these stocks are crashing and burningn after earnings despite reporting good things.
The trick is to buy stocks that you know are going to report bad things.
MBIA had an expected .1 EPS and had a negative .5 and their stock is soaring now.
Im long NVDA hopeful on that.
I think SQ is a good pick.
But i'm having such a horrible day I don't know if I want to risk margin on that gamble.
lmao what happened with SPI, i didnt lose any money, but it told me i was down 1K almost shat myself
live by the meme die by the meme
When the fuck is KTOS going to stop shitting itself?
>BAC+B triggered my stop order at $1.30 the other day>I might have the chance to buy back in under $1 soon because I don't use RobinhoodFeels good man.
Yeah.
Fuck this.
Going back to bed.
newfag here, tfw told mommy last night about how I bought 1 share of Intel and she said I was a sissy for not buying more sharespls no bully mommy(my mom owns like 200 or more shares of INTC)
Up +970%
You have to be 18 years old or older to be on 4chan
When the Korean peninsula burns
Guys why is the stock market crashing?
Buy a hundred shares of RNVA to show her.
It might be worthless soon if BAC falls too much and is unlikely to reach $30 by next October.
AGHAHHAHAHAHHA I TOLD ALL OF YOU MOTHER FUCKERS, AND YOU ALL LAUGHED AT ME, RIGHT AGAIN MOTHERFUCKERS GET BENT YEE OF SO LITTLE FAITH!
Because you touch yourself
Democrats won last night.
Robinhood you can't sell it for 2-4 weeks.
Yeah, I'm gonna wait until BAC stops dropping of course.
I'm still up 4% on my BAC shares at least, it really hasn't fallen too much considering it was $25.50 just a few weeks ago.
big trades going through MFIN after an earnings beat....
SPI LADS AS SOON AS THE HALT IS LIFTED
They won blue states, so who cares.
Can someone pls tell AMD to quit messing around thks
I’m holding until late next year anyway.Do what you must market.
My ass hole is lubed and primed
SHIIIIIT
still holding?
average cost: $2.15Why would you do this to yourself?
Gonna try shorting 450 shares of MBIA at $9.
Wish me luck lads.
Damn damn damn!!!!
I pulled out too quick >>>:((Next time I use a stop loss I'm respecting it!
Should i buy some LODE for tomorrow?
Yes, this should run.
Guys EVERYTHING IS RED
Forreal?
Nah I'm wrong.
I must have misread the message.
Or it was a glitch.
the stock market is a fuckin scam run by the hebrews that's why I only gamble on imaginary internet coins
I'm in.
40 shares
4248024I think you can sell, but since the processing takes a couple weeks, it'd be like selling a stock you held overnight.
You'll be able to buy into another stock with that money, but you won't be allowed to sell it until after the SPI stock is done processing, so you can't get a free ride.
At least that's what I think by them talking about the processing time.
Damn.
I was holding 800 shares 2 days ago.
I had 15000 shares in SPI.
I tried to sell 700 (not on RH) and it still won't let me.
It also says I still have 15000 shares and it wouldn't let me sell that for 34 grand either.
Hurry up and figure it out.
These gains will flee soon.
MUMMY MAKE IT STOPIVE BEEN A GOOD BOY
Nevermind.
It let me sell.
Now I'm going to sell 800
DXTR earnings will be announced after-hours tomorrow
What's everyones thoughts on LODE for tomorrow?
R8 my long hold portfolio
There, now I'm back up from what I lost in tops... and if I wouldn't have played TOPS yesterday I would be well on my road to recovery.
Oh well, God does exist.This was going to be an awful day but SPI came through hard.
why.jpg/10
Will DCIX just go a couple of dollars higher today, please, God, let me come out of even.
I'm sure glad that anon was kind enough to leave this for me yesterday
CEI Happenings
Dump BOA
Well I dumped all my banking stocks.
Sold BAC at a profit and JPM at a loss, they pretty much canceled each other out.
Shorted 450 shares of MBIA at $9, have another order 450 share short order set at $9.15, put in an order to short GE at $20.50 just to try and pick up some on an odd spike.
well then my dear friends, now that the SPI moon mission has been a success what next?
uvxy my nigga
NEVVVVEEERRRRRRRRR

Might buy back if it dips to 1 again.
Considering it would be worth 10 cents a day ago, it wouldn't be the worst idea.
LODE for tomorrow
your rather smug for a man who should be the pinkest wojack
>SPIdamn boys i missed out
Is it a day trade if I sold a stock I bought yesterday this morning and buy back in later in the day?
At least you're not the guy who bought in over $2 and held.
ENRJ is still trading at higher than usual volume
I made +30% today on Cum Eating Instructions, but yeah I'm bitter about my SPI miss.
It hit my stop loss yesterday at 9:45AM.
Now I'm debating LODE.
What do you think?
WTW shedding gains.
stop triggered and took profits.
see you next quarter on that one.
What do you think will happen?
XXII either moons or I'm cutting my loss and buying rope
Pick up more AMD today????
Fuck it, I'm taking my loss.
I can't handle this shit anymore.
Fucking Greek pieces of shit.
Longing NVDA and figuring out which CRISPR stock to long right now.
Anything long or short that will help me gain back the nasty chunk taken out by my reluctance to sell at the right time?
I have to learn how to let go and when the top is the top.
4248055
WHEN WILL IT END
I think that LODE has burned me twice before, but, if we meme it hard enough, we might be able to get something out of it, but it will take hard shilling
Buy high sell low.
This taught me to always put a stop loss now.
I keep learning lessons in the worst way possible.
holy shit dude
Kek, TOPS was one of the ones I actually made a mild profit on.
Yeah, except with volatile stocks I always find my stop loss is triggered by a dip and then it goes to the fucking moon.
Drives me fucking crazy.
bruh why would you do this?
i don't know why i come here.
i just looked at my day trades from 2017. lost ~4500 this year.
it's real.
I was up yesterday.
between dcix and tops i was up 1300 or so.
and then degen decides to gamble this morning.
Proof?
Hahahahaahhahahahahahshha
IVE BEEN TELLING YOU SHITTERS FOR MONTHS
Anyone here buying the dip in financials?
Tax cuts or not, reduced reserve requirements & rising rate environment stands to benefit financials.
Thoughts?
May add to my Ally position today.
I bought 1500 at 3.09 and 500 at 2.16.
I sold 1700 today at 1.24 I think.Luckily SPI had my back.
Always count on the chinese
I bought some shares.
pls go to $1.
How long is this going to go on then?
Reporting in.
How does MBIA miss their earnings estimate by like an entire dollar per share, lose over $200 million for the quarter, and have their stock jump 30%?
I mean, it's one of the best short-selling opportunities I've ever seen because it's almost guaranteed to drop right back down to $7 per share within a week or two but the jump in share price just doesn't make any sense to me.
HAH HA HAAH YOU SHIT ON OUR PENNYS
I sold out of all my banks today, hoping they continue to drop a bit more so I can buy back in towards the end of November.
They'll probably all bounce back within the next few days because I sold, you're welcome.
CEIkeep going up for daddy
A lot of companies that had a good quarters fell, so it only makes sense that companies with bad quarters rise.
finally breaking even again huh?
ancient_aliens_crazy_hair_guy.jpg
Not even.
LODE was being shilled like crazy here when it was like .13.Thanks?
They got FDA clearance to sell their robot last month, now it's just a matter of them presenting good guidance as a result of leases, sales, international sales.
If it comes to sell 1% of the bots ISRG has sold, this is a $10 stock
congrats, you've passed /biz/ trading course official expert now
Anon...
>Bought LODE at .105.
>Bought TRXC at 2.59Wish me luck lads.
Well, uh, I made a profit I guess.>Talk to Your Children About Greek Shipping Stocks>DCIX: Not Even Once.
>BAC under 27The doubling down intensifies.
good luck m8
best
Where my TRCX bros at?
I finally get why people troll for (you)s here.
Stocktwits is a goldmine for attention.
You just say the dumbest positive shit and people eat it up.
It's better than the money
You bought a greek stock and didn't lose half your shit, be happy.It started off the day under 27.
Here's yours
TRXCLock in profits when this moons Here lad, I want to see $7 tomorrow AH
BPMX about to take off again
>M-muh Blue chipsLOL
wtf is stocktwits
Probably too late to get into CEI again?
Imagine the same idiocy as twitter but for stocks
NAK attack!
Feels scary man
>got out of tops with a 6 cent profitwew
If you bought DCIX when it was shilled here on Friday, you would have had plenty of time to make a shitload of money, even right now after this huge dip you’d have made a profit
that sounds like absolute aids, i can't imagine the retarded pumping and bs
WTF, I would've never expected NiggerMobile to amount to anything.
the problem with it is everyone is pumping but no one is there to buy from themit's just shills shilling to other shills
So it's like a slightly less obvious version of iHub?
those PnD operationsWho would've thought the blackest mobile provider would be last place to do it in.
I made a .10 per share a bit earlier, then sold.
Now in it a bit cheaper, so, hoping for the best.LODE is just meme magic.
4248552hey man im a poor college student and i dont need any more big bills
Down like 25 percent in 2 days.
Should I sell and buy BTC or should I hodl?
This tbqh.
hodling DRYSsomeone get chad in here
I'm a long time BTC holder but worried about the fork.
Seems like buying more before a fork is risky.
The price goes way up and then there is a dip and then that's a better time to buy.
>ATVI past the 5% mark for the day Finally I made a good call
I switched to straight talk several years ago, it's been pretty good so far.
I travel a lot and Boost Mobile just doesn't work for shit in most rural areas like my hometown whereas you're on either the AT&T or Verizon network with Straight Talk so it has a lot better cell coverage.
Anyone still in XXII?
Earnings is coming up tomorrow.
KHC guys
BTC bounced back near the ATH in just 3 days, so you missed the dip for sure.
Plus with the fork coming up in the next week, the price might be just a final pump before the last minute dump.Alternatively if you invested in the more popular altcoins, you made bank this past week.
Congrats
This was a newsless pump and dump.
It will fade for a few weeks abd run again either off of news or technicals.
I'm gonna let you guys in on a sick tip about penny stocks.
You don't "day trade" them, you don't invest in them(baghold).
You SWING trade them.
You need to look for the ones that have fundamental value.
Not the BIOwhatever the fuck with clinical trials and FDA bullshit, but companies like LODE, CEI, SPI(Gold and energy), NOK, S(consumer goods and services).
SLOWLY accumulate over a period of time (weeks/months) and then sell them on the up swings.
>RIOT
Is LODE going to have a reverse split tomorrow?
Unless it’s Kobe beef, who cares?
Not all Japanese beef is Kobe, is that guy retarded?
How's that -6% AMRS you stupid fucking shillPost your wojack, I know you are here from yesterday NIGGER
heres a template
>i rate HMNY
>DCIX mooning againI strongly considered buying at $11.
Kind of regret not doing it now

See you all tomorrow, lads.
Hold until ER on the 14th you dingbatI bought in yesterday at 3.19, I didn't say day trade it
Sold yesterday :-)
thanks
No one is falling for your shit this time.
fuck off
Really going all in huh?This really a thing?
you got some balls kid
Happened to me with RLOG, should've sold yesterday before close and then it tanked.
Still made a pretty good return though.
What do you guys think of SDRL?
see ya tomorrow
Should I go in on TRXC for earnings?
I’m sick of these AMD and CERC memes.
Want to make a quick buck

Godspeed, anon.
I can't stress enough that this will go up, even with their recent FDA approval.
I've got some money in for it.
I got some on LODE and some on TRXC.
Saved  just in case.
Needed that for AMD today.
There is no"falling for it" involved.
I didn't push back their ER, but the reasoning behind pressing it back ( big commercial announcement, when the stock pertains to a new artificial sweetener that has demand), it's a really good thing.
It's going to moon hard whether you want to take advantage or not
I got some TRXC.
LIQUIDTED
god that logo was a natural meme.
be an hero
AMRSYou fucking dolt AMRS is a few year hold with potential enormous short term gains.oh and look its back up to 3.30you guys need to learn how to read level 2.Shorts are doing everything they can to lower the price so they can get out, and its not working.The rumor is strong now, with the ER being delayed till next week.and even IF the ER isn't great you just hold till next quarter.This shit is inevitable as any stock gets, but you need some kind of patience, not 10 hours later crying you fucking goof
Uh, lads?
F and KTOS going to pay on the swing.
I bought some F a day ago.
What's happening?
mounted goprokek
When do you buy the TOPS dip?
Once it goes below 1.00
-week bottom is usually a buy.
Anything above $1 is risky.
Anyone think RLOG is going back up any time soon?
Thinking of buying into it again.
I kinda like BAC at 26.50.
I'm also warming up to C at 72ish.
CEI to the moon
>CTRL+F Snap0 results, hmm would have thought there would be at least 1 pink wojack.
It's not a loss unless you sell.
What are the best safe long term hold stocks?What are recommendations for stocks to swing every few weeks?Looking to diversify portfolio with next paycheck.
I just wish I had shorted it a few days ago instead of thinking that it was done dropping for a while.
DRYS
Anyone else going in on OSTK earnings later?
AAPL, AMZN, FB, TSLA, or any bluechip stock.
memes:ENRJHUSAPTNactual good holds:nigger this is /rgt/

Long term holds -- Facebook, Google, Amazon, Ali Baba, Visa, Intel, Apple
or any bluechip stockExcept GE, stay away from that shit until the dust settles.
I got 22 hundred to throw at stuff.
I'm looking for ideas.
JCP
TSLASHAME
Buy the DCIX dips.
If you invested correctly since Friday, you probably could have made 100K on that meme stock
Normal pattern.
What are recommendations for stocks to swing every few weeks?What is your risk tolerance?
Holds V AAPL F SPHD CRF ROBOSwings F KTOS NAK S AMD
TXN, XYL and AAPL have been my best long term holds.
They also give out occasional dividends
too late to get in?
why didn't I buy ATVI REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I got in around $10 I'm still holding.
I don't want to use my day trades up.
Idk what I'm doing.
NAK ATTACK
NAK MOON MISSIONGET IN BELOW 2.10 IF YOU CAN, WE'RE GOING TO 2.45
XXII

Just buy it around .27
did you buy at 45
i'm in
What's that?
>City of Weight WatchersAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHow does a stock that has amazing earnings and a rally drop afterwards 10%+ two days later?
pros sell to the retards, rinse and repeat a million times basically story of the stock market
When do we sell this stuff?
Profit taking.
Up to 3.40 again.
Bought some on the dip.
Thank you for continuing to help us despite the morons here.
I got meme'd again.
4249461fug same
Back to 12.20 or more soon.
Who's with me on some earnings gambling?>SQ >NVEE
AMRS about to run again.
FUCKshould've bought the dip
Give it up faggot.Take your shilling over to stocktwats
I’m already gambling on TRXC
Hey Dumbass, if you listened to me a few days ago when it was 2.95 you might actually be up, as im up 3k.3.45 now.like I said just buy and hold a year.
Why do boomers say it's impossible to beat the market?
That only Jews working at Goldman can sometimes beat it out by a percentage point or too?
This shit is easy.
My portfolio grew over 50% compared to 30% for the general market.
Other memers on here have even done way better than me.
Goldman should hire us.
What are you talking about?
Amrs is the only decent call I've seen on this board in a month.
This guy has given us the legit fundamental reasons and you guys plug your ears.
And had I listened to you last time.
I'd be down -74%GFY with a chainsaw
moderate, but if it's an inexpensive stock I am willing to risk morethanks to everyone for the hold recommendations
NOOO CEI THE MOON IS THE OTHER WAY!
PLAY OF THE GAME
Soon brother
I think it was a lot harder to beat the market when you had to call in orders to a broker who then took their sweet ass time to enter / execute those orders on your behalf.
Also, you were fucked when the only financial news you could really get was in the form of print media like the WSJ or the once a day financial segment on CNN or something.
It was also pretty hard to get ahold of financials and company filings in a reasonable amount of time before the internet so you were always behind the market by the time you could get those releases.The internet has really changed the game when it comes to trading.
You must be new here.
Oherwise, you'd remember ARMShiller and ARMShiller2.0
those clowns just care about collecting all the juicy management fees for """"""""""""trading""""""""""""""" billions of dollars
KBSF
After lunch.
Yeah and they were 100% correct just found it too early.The company that millions were betting on to fail is going to survive and thrive
anyone have any recommendations for rope
Use a chain instead.
Just make sure you drop far enough.
Why do boomers say it's impossible to beat the market?Because of a poor understanding of markets based upon an incorrect interpretation of the Efficient Market Hypothesis.
Get some really sharp wire and jump from a tall building
Maybe there's some lunch in this Wendy's bag.
>tfw I could've sold BAC+B for a meaty profit and bought back in later on the dip but can't because Robinhood is (((protecting))) me because I might get confused into thinking I bought stock>have to hold during a hard 40%+ loss instead because I'll never be able to buy it againT-thanksI love too how they block the warrants but decide to allow options soon
Also god damn it david you fucking faggotSomeone please get his referral link out of the next OP
I just bought 14 shares of Wendy's.
How bad can it get?
HUSA is gonna be a spicy meme boys
good riddance
market cap 260K?
Company is worth less than some biz bros here.
ITT Tech closed the doors of all its campuses a year ago and filed for bankruptcy.
It's a dead company.
down more and more each time its mentioned here>spicy meme
Then dips again?
holds>no intc no nvda
What the fuck is going on with NAK?
Same thing that happened in mid-october
Partnership inc
Get in under 43
It's on the attack.
announced no mines for the next decade
Fuck you and your penny bullshit bags you skeevy motherfucker
WTF is going on with CEI, and why the fuck am I 6000 shares deep in this shit?
JUST RE-MADE EVERYTHING I LOST IN THE GNCA CRASHTHANK YOU NAK
KBSFwho listened?
huge amount of partnership buzz and hype
I never heard.
Shill louder pls.
Np
Just shorted 140 shares of PLNT at $29.50, I'm hoping it'll drop 10% tomorrow like WTW did today.
No RH Support No Party
Bought my shares at 2.14, saw it peaked at $2 yesterday.
>$2.20 right now Suicide is painless, it brings on many changes.
How's AMD doing?
I heard there was an intel partnership?
The stock is rallying, right?
Anyone playing ROKU earnings?
Im shorting Disney guys, wish me luck
People still use Roku?
Well, no.
See: 
Who knows.
I'm not going to be playing either side of ROKU going into earnings but it'll be interesting to see what happens after their first earnings report since the IPO.
Should I just cut my losses on SHOP?
I bought before the earnings report and got caught holding a bag.
I have three shares averaging 103.
What's the short interest like on NAK?
I mean have they been squeezed out yet?
This shit's the only thing I have that's green.
For sure.
New ThreadNew ThreadNew Thread
Last month they were mooning too.
And the month before that.
NAK is a fucking emotional rollercoaster.
Same but I got 4 shares.
They're entering 4th qrt is best qrt for retail.
Just hold and it will get back to 110 before end of the year.
I'll bag hold with you anon.
Hoping for the best.