uh g-guys, what does this mean exactly.
its fake right?
I feel we got some nasa alien photos off their server
Why the fuck are you guys such downers whenever something pops up for LINK?
Yet when its shitcoins like LISK oh boy google is about to buy them.Its real.
Other anons can even confirm it when swift.smartcontract.com was up a few hours ago.
total double standards for LINK, but when its other altcoins weeew to the moon.
I agree but even lisk took 14 months to do anything.
cl has hype like nothing since eth so will happen way quicker.
Why the fuck are you guys such downers whenever something pops up for LINK?Paid FUD.
Only explanation for people to be so aggressive against a coin they supposedly have no interest in.
its because everyone on /biz/ has LINK.It doesn';t matter if it gets shilled or fudded, its all about the memes nowThis whole board of edgy faglords will become rich in just a year
The double standard is amazing, it really is.Inexplicable.
it's realit's the next big thingget on board
Can confirm website was live for a few hours.
Some have suggested it was from the POC at SIBOS, but who the fuck knows
i have 2.4k link, how many do i need in order to make it, fellow bizraelis?
holding until end of 2018, iron hands
So I should buy swift?
Not sure what you're trying to say OP.
Grab at least 10K
If link does extremely well, you won't be disappointed with your gains.
You won't make it purely on 2.4k, but it's a nice foot in the door hopefully.I think 10k is the lowest for possibly "making it".
alright, that's my goal for the next weeks.i should've fucking sold my stupid rpx stash $0.06 and bought 6k more link
4324289trying to get 10k, but if i invest more fiat, I'd be crossing the "invest what u can afford to lose".have 5k rn.
shieeet
yeah it depends on how you define "making it", for me it's already when you pass like $100k.this would then give me the opportunity to "really make it".
then i could easily put bigger chunks of money into coins i trust for the longer termlol but will it ever be enough?i doubt it.
sometime i will just have to draw the line, either everything goes to 0 or to +$1M
im just waiting for SALT to moon this december so i can dump it for more LINK
Why don't Linkies invest in Swift?
When will link reach $10?
So I have 215K Link.
I'm going to sell 15K at $5 and 50K at $20 then hold the rest for potential further moons.I can't imagine how rich people with 500K plus will be.
As rich as those who had thousands of Ether, and thousands of BTC early on.
Just hodl and wait for CL team to deliver
What?
good luck man, i hope we all get to scoop up as much as possible at these current prices (or even cheaper)
4324260I ask a simple question and this guy hits me with an exasperated Pepe.
Then I look at swifts chart and it gets no volume.
So now I assume this is thread for Linkies and not Swift.I figured if two coins work together then the investors would give the other coin some reciprocal love... See Adex and Neo, Etherium and OMG.
You fags, havent you noticed that the blue logo with Swift and ChainLink is hyperledger?
or at least some customized version of Hyperledger?Isnt this what SWIFT GPI is supposed to be about?
Literally me.We'll make it, slowly.
2 more paychecks for me to get to that glorious 10k.I firmly believe 10k is the make-it threshold.
Lmao, wrong Swift bro.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Society_for_Worldwide_Interbank_Financial_TelecommunicationSWIFT is the premier communication network for banks.
Kek the absolute state of nolinkers, thinking SWIFT is some sort of altcoin.
No wonder you fags arent in LINK.
tfw used swift to make initial btc invest
are you blind?
not the same logo.
how can people be this retarded