I want to invest into crypto and just forget about it for a year.
This is becoming an addiction and it's slowly draining my sanity.
Just try your best to only look at your holding one or two times a month.
Its impossible to have the self control to not look at it for a year
buy ODN and buy a raspberri pi and stake that shit come back in spring, literally gunna be best bet.
You kind of need to get addicted for a while to learn how this market works.Eventually you'll gain enough confidence to hold good coins and know when to modify your positions.
put together a longtherm portfolio you are comfortable with put everything on a cold wallet, backup it 100 times, put it somewhere safe.
and live your life as before?
;-)
More like you get addicted and try to trade every day, fuck up every time and just realise you would have made more money just doing nothing.
I have nightmares of paying the tax man.
Go all in on one thin, then find some other way to spend your time.
I find this way I'm less tempted to make risky, day trades and focus more on finding entrances and exits in longer term behavour.
There's nothing wrong with that.If SALT lending works out you won't ever have to.
Why would SALT be any different?
(haven't looked in to it at all).
just get a job and only go on biz once every other month when you're looking for a new coin to dump 10k into
I am a raspberry pi hobbyist and I have never heard of this.
Can you elaborate?
Obsidian Coin is a Proof of Stake coin used to run a node for its decentralized messaging app that is set to come out in 30/60 days maybe more.
You get paid 10% yearly of your total coins you have staked.
The more coins you stake the more rewards you get.
Using raspberri pi to store the ODN coins to stake ( needs to be online 24/7) uses less electricity, and can also use it headless and set and forget lol my staking rewards already paid for it pi itself
How often do you get the staked coins?
Do I have to wait for a ear or is it like daily?
realise you would have made more money just doing nothing.This
Oh ya, in the future the the staking requirements for “masternode” will be 10k ODN min for now I believe.
Right now anybody staking is currently a “masternode” until it’s implemented.
Your reward payout is dependent on how much coins you have staking, the more coins the faster your reward time is.
30k gets me 1 payout a day (20 ODN is how much you get each time) as a estimate.
but really PoS coins don’t pay out exactly when it they say, it’s usually an estimate.Some days the payout is multiple times a day and other days nothing, eventually it will balance itself out to 10% yearly.