Why aren't you buying Ark right now?Anyone who can do basic TA would tell you that this thing is a ticking timebomb.
Especially with all the upcoming announcements.
not upcoming announcements...upcoming updates!
>implying I'm not putting every paycheck into it
Poorfag here with only 47 in arc right now...
I put everything I could spare into Ark but could only come up with 2650.I'm not selling these bags for at least 3 years
charts in usd is all that matters right now and ark is close to ath so no thanks
That's fair.
It will probably go supernova in December or January though.
Same.
I managed to get to 4k though
Well the reason why its high in USD is because if you looked at the whole crypto marketcap new money flowed in so naturally all the altcoins and bitcoin price increases
No, it's just because more people are buying Ark
IOTA is a timebomb
Its not you retard ahahahaha, look at the total marketcap it rose from 170 billion to 210 billion, every coin on the market basically rose in USD but down in btc if you're not smart enough to notice
every coin on the market basically rose in USDLiterally not true
Brainlet
4404345
price in USD is updoesn't mean shit when it is down in BTC.
no one trades ARK in USD
Well no one cares about Bitcoin, they just care about the USD value that's attached to itEveryone essentially trades with fiat valuations
Well no one cares about Bitcoin, they just care about the USD value that's attached to it>Everyone essentially trades with fiat valuations
It's true.
You never hear "I made 8 BTC this year from crypto," you hear "I made $64,000 this year off of crypto"Same reason everyone's blockfolio is in USD, GBP, CAD, etc.
4404463
4404541This.
Regardless I'm putting some money into Ark despite not knowing what it is, worst case (hopefully) scenario I can use it to hodl while I wait for btc to crash.
STFU!!!
SHHHHHH!!!!
This
no one cares about bitcoin priceThat's bullshit though, lots of people who trade alts value their portfolio in BTC terms.
Yeah, and what do you think they value their BTC in?
Tendies
Thank you.
Yes, people trade against to gain more BTC, but that's to gain more...fiat.