When are people going to start buying alts again
now
checks alt>drops another 80 sats immediately.
just have to buy the right alts.
never.
fraud is over.
never.
fraud is over.Nigga the bitfinex tether fraud pumping bitcoin is the biggest fraud of all
buys more as they get cheap
After the BTC pump and dump.
After people realize they will need to wait a year to get maybe 3x gains on BTC
i just bought a shitload of vertcoin yesterday
4402582https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-bitfinex-dilemma-blow-up-now-or-try-a-hail-mary-to-retain-in-business-10b9d989359fhttps://twitter.com/Bitfinexed
muh tether
I am buying all the BAT I can afford up to 18 cents fwiw
i would if you fags would tell me which ones to buy but you always tell me to do my own research
People in stocks wait a year for 4% gains.
Im sure they can wait a year for 3x, instead of losing money on memecoins.I bet most people on this board would have been up more if they had bought and held btc, instead of trade shitcoins.
monero is about to go absolutely fucking crazy any day now.
CAP THIS
XLM stays stable in fiat which is a good sign.
I'm all in
People in stocks wait a year for 4% gains.
Im sure they can wait a year for 3x, instead of losing money on memecoins.>People in stocks wait a year for 4% gains.
Im sure they can wait a decade for 3x, instead of risking it in cryptoPeople who are risk averse like that are not going to be in crypto in the first place.
LMAO.
They want quick gains.
>tfw got in crypto in june>tfw would have about 7 btc right now if i just held>tfw down to just 2 btc if i sold all my alts>still almost even with my initial investmenti wanna fucking diethe worst part is i was up to like 10 btc before my link all in at the top
The Saudi kangz bank wire going through?
when we are done trading btc/bch back and forth
Alts are penny stocks.
If you aren't exclusively investing in one of the top 20 coins by value you hate your wallet.
This group is planing some massive pump on altcoins:https://discord.gg/MfMw9Join in to know when and what to buy for easy profit.
Litecoin is doing alright
My alt has plunged 500 sats (6.5%)since this.
Just bought 1% of chancoin, am I fucked?
I bet most people on this board would have been up more if they had bought and held btc, instead of trade shitcoins.Let me guess, you've been here less than four months?
Kek this.
If he bought ANS or OMG he would still be up significantly.
This recent rally by bitcoin is pathetic compared to my alt gains.
you should be buying alts now that BTC is up.o wait i forgot this is /biz/>buy high sell low
Monero and Litecoin for safe long term.ETH is pretty resilient when taking into account everyone associated with that coin is a pedo or commie Jew who hates whites and wants to use his position in ETH to censor and fuck over people, whether or not he has the power to do so is up for debate but still discouraging considering what the point of crypto is all about.Anything else do your own research because it’s a gamble, but those are good standards for long term as crypto becomes more mainstream.
They prob buy and HODL expecting to make money with luck.
Those retards can't wipe their ass without a slave, doubt they know a damn thing about monero.
probably buying bitbeans right now.
he was all in on bitbean
im in the same exact FUCKING BOAT.
God damnit.
same
Ya Walton chain alone out moons bitcoin while I've been here.
Combine that with a lot of the other shit I've heard about on here, fucking nuls at 29 cents confido, metaverse so many fucking big winners.
And now bitcoin goes on a tear for one day and everyone loses there fucking minds.
Speaking of which, when did /biz get so many fucking bitcoin core fags.
I feel like there were never this many before.
My coin is up 60% in two days.
It has a really low circulation so I'm waiting on the imminent pump followed by my 6 figure return.
Lol no dude I turned $2.4k (4btc) into $45k (16.7btc) in 6 months holding alts.
Everyone thinks it's a huge deal that bitcoin has gone up like 800% this year, but do you remember Ethereum?
Stratis?
XRP?
My theory is that when BTC hits 10k that will be the biggest psychological barrier for a long time.
9k-10k is a much bigger deal in people's minds than 10k-11k or even 10k-12kOnce we're at/past 10k people will start getting bored with bitcoin again and diddle around with alts