Fomoed at .160Need to make up for past mistakes.we going to 3000
Ham wallet anus.
Fomoed at 0.17.
Everything Looks like that one Saturday night.. Korea top volume with 40% , market cap increasing a lot 22 b already... what's gonna happen anon?
Lol its fun making money

Lol its fun making money...but when to sell?
If bcash is pumping already whats it going to look like in 2 days?
chaos
buy a ticket, take the ride
What's going to happen in two days?
When you've made money.
When is the right time to get off this train?
Someone tweeted this to jihan and it had a lot of retweets/likesSomething's happening
God this meme is fucking retarded and BCH is going to tank hard after it doesn't happen.I am pro BCH but the fucking DAA does not allow this event to happen.
BCH's new DAA will increase the difficulty rapidly meaning within a day or 2 miners will migrate back to BTC for cheaper mining.It simply cannot happen, sorry to wake you up - it could have happened while BCH had the old EDA though.
the daa's only goal is to keep blocks at 10 mintutes there's only limit to bch mining profitability is the price of bch
All BCH has to do is maintain 10 minute block times which keeps the profitability stable.It is BTC going down in price without having a difficulty adjustment for weeks that is the problem and what could kill it.
....
These two camps can fight it out.
I don't care who wins.
The more vicious the more money I will make day trading this shit.
What's a reputable exchange for this shit?
Can you buy in USD or have to use BTC...
I have thousandths of BTC.
PSA:To the people who got JUSTD last time...KEEP YOUR GREED IN CHECKmove up a stop loss every 2.5-5% gain... moves up 5%?
move up stop loss... another 5%?
move up stop loss... another 5%?
MOVE UP THE FUCKING STOP LOSSits like u guys got stuck holding bags because u expected infinite growthfucking idiots
how to stoploss on bittrex?
FOMO'd hard at 17999999feeling pretty uneasy about it, but oh well.
Buy high, r-right guys?Also has anyone ever had the problem where you can't post at all on 4chan from google chrome, it says "upload failed" overtime, even though I'm never posting pictures.
have to post from shitty web browser..
https://steemit.com/trading/@jaggedsoft/how-to-set-a-stop-loss-on-bittrex
Operation Dragonslayer.
wE WILL MAKE IT.. rIGHT?
retard
i really don't know man.
i hope so.
I'm aiming to get out at .2 unless things are looking really good.
No one knows I think that's why this is so scary.
Check if bithumb goes down, if that happens gtfo.
You change the order type to conditional
LOL BCASH BAG HOLDERS HAHAHAHA BAG HOLDERSIF YOU DON'T SELL NOW IT'S GOING TO GO TO 0 BEFORE YOU KNOW ITTHIS IS A BAG HOLDER COIN GUYS DROP IT NOW
I'm just kidding.
I have most of my shit in Bitcoin Cash.
I'm just making fun of the troll and fudders that constantly say Bitcoin Cash is a bag holder coin despite fucking going up by a ton and being stable.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me
BIT COIN CASH IS NOT BCASH OK??
stop loss the flippeningMakes only mild sense if you think it might not succeed and your stop loss sell is into ethereum to avoid BTC vs BCH risk alltogether.
Just be aware that a stop loss doesn't guarantee your order will get filled if it's triggered.
Sometimes the price dumps so hard your order wont get filled and then you're left with bags while the price plummets or you scramble to sell at less than desirable prices.
p&d'd every week by chinks>stable
fomo'd in, don't let this crash before I wake up