Fucking idiots.
(they) have convinced you that the way to riches in crypto is to desperately gamble on bitmex futures at 100x or to buy and "hodl" coins that have already mooned like OMG or LTC.
No.
The way to get rich in crypto is to buy coins before the masses hear about them.
And I'm not talking about buying them before normies hear, like Bitcoin.
I mean before /biz/ and the discord trading group ecosystem hears.
Buy a coin before it is listed on CMC, when its marketcap is  million.
THAT is how you make money.The exact retards posting pink wojacks about confido and vertcoin and powerledger who were posting them about OmiseGo two months ago and ZRX a month before that are gonna be tearing their eyes out over FENX.
This is a groundbreaking idea.
Decentralization and censorship is incredibly relevant to our world and this coin is unheard of right now.
Get in before the jews for once, jesus christ.
Some of you make me sick.
http://feenix.tech/http://feenix.tech/white-paper/GO read it.
Do your own research.
Get in the habits of reading whitepapers BEFORE a coin moons, not after.
Read this paper and understand why I am so excited about it, and you've taken your first step to being consistently profitable in crypto.
Honestly bro stop shilling let me buy before faggots flood etherdelta with fomo orders
imagine if /biz/ didn't have shills
Shills are an important part of the ecosystem though; after a coin starts to take off, shills hit it and spike it to dump and leave everyone clutching their bags with a "hodl" meme.
Whole point is to get in before the shills
>Founder>Eric ClaptonYou're shitting me
Johnson actually but okay
https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09If you use 100x you deserve your results.
There's nothing wrong with sane trading on this platform and if you are very patient you can get away with using high leverage by trading big news.
With the inverse fees, you can make a hefty amount simply for making the books and not being wrong about the momentum.
It has its place.
But in terms of risk-adjusted return, buying value coins like FENX is unparalleled.
Even solid leveragered strategies are susceptible to black swans and overblown drawdowns.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHIf you aren't buying this I hope you're working on making some rare wojacks because you'll fucking need them
Exciting but I need a better explanation than that
httpKek.
That's all I need to know.
RTFWPTen page whitepaper.
You can be a big boy and read it for yourself.
You'll be one of the few who do since everyone is so fucking lazy and just wants to get on P&Ds, and then you'll understand what makes this project so exceptional.
>before biz hearsNigga u dumb
another file sharing shit erc20 tokenwill go the same way as Upfiring (UFR), to the trash
4403594Lemme guess, you guys have a 1 GB drive of pink wojaks at the ready?keep living in denial faggots
What type of market cap are we looking at?
whitepaper literally written by a college grad student.
7 pages of 'muh decentralized file sharing'nigger, we already got torrents, and they work just fine.
Nobody needs your shit ERC20 token
 threads about this shit coin and you faggots were asking for help here months ago.
Anybody remember that?
>help me wid my feenix reeee
I didn't make this fucking coin lmao.
I don't remember the founders coming around asking but if that happened it was probably the fake FENX scam that happened where people on bitcointalk got sold "FENX" tokens peer-to-peer by some impersonator.
Don't let your anger fool you dumbass, first rule of trading is to not be emotionalStop calling people niggers, you faggot.
fuck off nigger
How am I angry lmao, you sound super emotional here defending ur shitcoin.
Idc if you are angry, just warning you that anger makes people trade irrationally.
Like for example missing an opportunity because it is hard for them to admit they are wrong
OK madguy relax
stay poor dumbass
Read the whitepaper.
Seems like a nice idea but I have no idea how these kinds of decentralized networks will ever be able to gain enough momentum to topple the Google marketing machine.
The majority of people just don't give enough of a fuck about not getting spied on anymore and if this network is truly uncensored, it seems like they won't be able to tap into traditional ad revenue sources in our current business climate so I'm not sure how the network would get monetized down the road.I don't know OP.
it's more like torrenting.
They will never try to compete with google
Right, I get it.
It's almost EXACTLY like torrenting, which has been around forever, so why exactly do we need a blockchain now for torrenting?What is the mass market normie appeal of Feenix?
This is the question I ask myself when evaluating proposed blockchain solutions.
Does the problem even exist in the first place?
If you think anonymity is a selling point of a service in 2017 then you're living under a rock.
It's about incentivizing torrenting.
It's actually very clear what it offers.
Torrenting has always been accomplished by people being good citizens by seeing, and providers ripping content to share it, sometimes for paid sites, sometimes generously to public sites.This works well for mainstream content, but comes up short on rare stuff.
Because there is no market incentive, it can be painfully hard to find exact textbooks or specific versions of shows (especially anime) that are obscure.If people get tipped a little bit, they are suddenly hugely incentivized to publish this stuff.
Most people who torrent really wouldn't mind paying a fraction of a dollar for stuff they really want, especially when they can get all the normie stuff, like movies and popular books, for free.
GO read it.
Do your own research.
Get in the habits of reading whitepapers BEFORE a coin moons, not after.
Read this paper and understand why I am so excited about it, and you've taken your first step to being consistently profitable in cryptoKek, coin don't moon because of the tech anymore.
People don't care about that, only about making money.
a fraction of a dollarThere is your problem.
Idea is good and all but it doesnt need a shit token, dont you see?Who would want to buy/sell files pegged to a volatile crypto?
Are you retarded nigger?Let me spell it out for you again: this idea exists since long time ago and it doesnt need your shit erc20 token!
Could be done using, like you said, fractions of DOLLARS.
Even if it had to be done with crypto, it would be done with something people heard about, like BTC.The platform itself doesnt need its own token/coin.
Now stop shilling your shitcoins
Bro stop arguing with me I already finished selling my bags.
Of course I agree with you
Also once someone paid for rare content, book, movie, whatever, and downloaded it, its over.
He can copy paste and share it everywhere for free.Thats the nature of digital content.
Easily reproduceable
you OP?
good.
Now stop trying to scam people into buying your bags of useless shit.
Invest in good tech and you wont have to anymore.
Buying this is fucking dumb.
Feenix airdropped this coin to a bunch of 4chan nerds a couple months ago for free and they are just waiting to dump.
Expect a shill campaign then dump.
Calling it after I just did it successfullyToo late bro
http://feenix.tech/My sister, who is on the spectrum mind you, could whip up a better whitepaper.Try harder OP.
Nobody is going to buy your 60% presale bonus bags lolol.
A Peer to Peer file-sharing system much like torrent with seeding, but you pay for a file with the token.And of course decentralized and all the other buzzwords.
The way to get rich in crypto is to buy coins before the masses hear about themLiterally how professionals make money.
Until now we've had the benefit of low liquidity and being able to meme pajeets into buying our bags, but the institutions are here and the games done.
Oh, and it will be selling coins before the masses hear about it.
We had a good run goys and this years been a thrilling finale, have thoroughly enjoyed sharing it with you faggots.
My advice now is buy kneepads while they're still cheap, demand is about to hit ATH.
Don't steal my shill method faggot-fistnigger
https://warosu.org/biz/?task=search&ghost=&search_text=0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84
https://warosu.org/biz/?task=search&ghost=&search_text=0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84Lol I found my address in there
Yeah absolutely, I bet she could.
Unfortunately you're wrong about the last part tho, cause I already dumped the 65k FENX I got LITERALLY FREE from the "airdrop" thread for almost $6,000
THERE IS NO FAKE TOKENS.
THAT IS ALL FUD.
Some kid got bamboozled out of his 1 btc ico tokens, and the nordfag who got them tried to scam several people unsuccessfully, and then there was FUD.the people fudding are doing it to cause chaos and get in cheap, they were trying to buy FENX on bitcointalk.This is fucking lamboland, Buy everything off the books up to 0.001
Are you not seeing the bigger picture?The blockchain.. there is an oppertunity to implement proof of storage and proof of Transfer... That also opens another opportunity, Anti-piracy solved by the blockchain.This will be to the media and entertainment industry as Link is trying to do with swift/banks.
(i did say trying..)
lmao i love this boarddude, it will pump and dump to shit like every other erc20 piece of turd.
Nothing hosted on the eth blockchain will go anywhere, including that Link crap.
You all know this, but newfags dont and thats where you make money.Bottom line is, if any serious business is gonna use blockchain tech, you bet your ass theyre gonna build their own private one, not the one you got your $ on.
Good luck
I've already got my coin I'm jumping in on the moment it's available next year, but unlike you I'm not gonna shill it like a faggot
ico's are merely prototyping the future with these projects.They are doing things that haven't been done.there is only a handful of companies that have started blockchain trials.this is a very unique project and i have bought your dumped coins.I'll sell them back to you next week when we get listed on an exchange
4407374Holy shit.
I shilled to unload my bags and I created a shill that believes his own autism.
Holy fucking moly this is messing with my headReality check dude, this project is obvious shit