Alright BTC supporters.
I would like one reasonable explanation as to why you think BTC taking 2016 blocks to adjust difficulty is a good system over BCH adjusting every block to maintain 10 minute block times.
Once other cryptos started competing for hashpower this was obviously a flaw in the original BTC design that needed to be fixed but never was.
Please explain why.
Who gives a fuck about all that shit, people keep pumping money into it and it keeps mooning!Are you poor or something?
Fuck off OP.
Because mining BCH instead of BTC is like letting your wife peg you while your wife's son watches.
nice b8 m8
so no logic just mindless shitposting?
every argument you make in favor of BCH can be made in favor of DGB.
think about that.
4388976Proof is in the pricing.
BTC is rising, BCH is falling.
Clearly some technical detail didn't matter either way, and not like you'd understand anyway.
network gradually shrinks into BTC% attacked on the 'easy' blocksThis is why
We dont you fuckin retard we just know BCH is a chink world control scam coin.
isnt that still possible with the existing difficulty algorithm in BTC?
topkek
Might sound silly but maybe ppl just want to keep the btc name.
Updates but no name change for example.
4389090I simply asked for logical reasons as to why a BTC supporter thinks its difficulty algorithm is better than BCH's.
Had no reasonable explanations and nothing but name calling when I have been civil.
>some technical detail>fucking retardClearly you don't understand what this "technical detail" could do to the BTC chain under the right circumstances.
I only have a computer science degree from a top 10 college but yeah I'm just a retard that can't understand why BTC is so superior, you got me.
computer science degreeThis has nothing to do with computers; this is economics.
Bernie bros should fuck off back to their cubicle.
You're not the only wanker with a comp sci degree, so fuck off.If you were so goddamn smart you'd have just put it in BTC and not ask stupid as fuck questions because clearly you don't know shit about how any of this works.
Yes, but it takes a minimum of 2 weeks
Bcash is trash m8.
Stick with the king our stay poor pajeet.