face it.
you're money is gone, or will be gone.
jus like >bitcoinXT>bitcoinClassic>bitcoinUnlimited>b2x
bought at 344$ hm.. money..
gone?..hm not sure :) are you retarded?
did you buy the ath anon?
You shouldn't have :)
Well, not you.
Anyone who got in on this pump is going to lose their shorts!
I can't wait to pickle all your tears.
Did i buy?
why would i buy AIDS?
yeah... bcash is trash.
they had to pump up the price and make some $$ before coinbase unleashes a shitload of people looking to dump their bcash for more btc in january.
They sure are trying hard.
Feel bad for the newer guys who actually fall for it.If you have been watching this space for longer, you can remember the XT/Classic/Unlimited hostile take-over attempts.
Each failed and bcash will be no exception.5 4 3 2 1 before the bcash shills flood this thread and start saying "corecucks" their favorite word this year:
>got BCH for free from the fork>still hodling like a baws>made me thousands of dollarswow really sucks that I fell for the meme
Whoever uncovers BCash manipulation evidence will quickly become a millionaire by posting a BTC address.Billions of exploited folks' money is at stake here.
I'm up 2x on BCH in the past 2 days.Anyone acting like BCH is a bad investment should stop trying to "invest"Stay inferior and keep losing money "trading" faggots.
your tears will be yummy.
has any of them achieved 20% of the network?
Kinda hard to enjoy my tears when i have a stop loss set to secure my 2xSome of you have 0 brain cells to rub together, i swear.
what do you consider network sweet cheeks?
nodes?
hashrate?
devs?
merchants?
users?
exchanges?hash rate?
no!
because there was never a fork!
now that they have forked, they have to keep this shit alive like weekend at Bernies.
lots of idiots are going to get hurt.
I wish i could help the mislead ones, and the shills will have what's coming to them.
LOOK AT MR STOP LOSS FANCY TRADER HERE but yeah biz right now is just a BCH FUD nobrain zone, pretty sure this is a psyop
Fuck off With your pasta shill.