So I've been holding this coin called RCN at 1860 sats.
Are we going to see some pow pow action or is it a sleeper coin?
I think so.
But they're launching alpha on Wednesday.
And on the bright side it's not being shilled here so 100% it's a winner
so many coins don't get shilled here, doesn't make em 100% winner
Read up on Ripio.
This is a winner midterm and long term.
We'll have to see how this week and the rest of the month goes short term.
But it's still above ico price and not doing bad at all.
Listing on Bittrex gives it enough volume to grow, so don't write RCN off just yet.
Im dumping after this week, if it doesnt perform.
Getting heavy.
I'll see how this week goes for the coin, if not then I'll have to let it go
Patience ma man.
It hasn't traded for more than 10 days.
Adhd patients itt
This!
I really like this project because it has utility and a working network.
It's not Asian so it might not get that soy sauce pump which kills a coin
I have the patience but in the game of crypto thing move really fast.
This coin has been given 10 days, from all the up and down of BTC.
I have not seen this coin move an inch, even LINK went up.
This
Ripio has Asian supporters backing it, so if they actually show up and show out = MOON!
Actually if you pick it up at 1500 sats and sell at 1900.
You could swing modest gains also high volatility really fucks a coin
This is news to me.
Rearry rearry good news.
I'm thinking of going all in on this one and hope I could get one of those 10 15x gains
O trust me, not only that I have taken advantage of BCH as well to increase my stacks.
Im not at a loss but I felt there are better coin out there.
r u shilling it rn tho?
Diversify yo mathafakin bonds
Not really.
Since I'm not inducing you to buy it, only shedding some insight as to why you should wait a little longer before you pull the plug because it just started traded less than 2 weeks ago.
And just because it didn't grow autistically like CFD which btw has nothing more than a screenshot on it's platform, kek, doesn't mean it won't.
Now unless you have other avenues to explore and grow your stack then go for it.
Make that fucking money man.
Make enough so you don't have to work ungrateful pieces of shit
RCN is going to be $$$$ next year for sure.