GET YOUR ANUS READY FOR THE BIGGEST BTC BULL RUN IN HISTORY NOVEMBER 30BITCOIN WILL BE MEMED LIVE ON AIRhttp://bigbangtheory.wikia.com/wiki/The_Bitcoin_Entanglement
i don't know how to feel about this
No one watches cable tv anymore lmao
Bitcoin cash
What a great plot.
SELL ALL YOUR ALTS BEFORE THE SHOW AIRS.
The_Bitcoin_EntanglementEntanglement, Tangle = IOTA moon confirmed.
> sell the news
>implying big bang theory's mouth breather audience would actually look into bitcoin instead of just assuming its some "smart guy thing" like all the other pseudo-science references they make.if anything I think this news is bearish because now the normies will think bitcoin is too complicated for them.
How bout this one?
Is this bearish?
KEK>CME Clearing Member To Regulator: Bitcoin Futures ‘Impossible’>https://cointelegraph.com/news/cme-clearing-member-to-regulator-bitcoin-futures-impossible
Kek
CME Clearing MemberSo someone unimportant who's asking them to not do it?
BAZOOBA
D Chess Level FUD.
The merchants want to accumulate low for one more time to double their profit margins on the road to 10k and therefore give more sacrifices to their reptilian god.
We see all this for what it is, just another Jewish trick
NOVEMBER 30Will it be embarrassing that BTC will be surpassed by BCH by that time?
If the current trend continues, that'll be the case.
I guess you know what to think about the current trend then, eh?
Wait a sec, this disgusting """""""(((Show)))"""""""" still exists?
LMAOOOOO
Yeah but it isnt going to happen.
Look at the markets trading BCH at coinmarketcap.
40% of BCH volume is on Bithumb, like the last time BCH reached half a Bitcoin.
This is another PnD by the chinks.
sameonly perpetual normies watch that show because only perpetual normies can stomach it
this show gets less views per episode than pewdiepie.
what a handsome looking Pepe
Still enough to pump up exposure to the technology, which can only help.
I’ve always hated the show, but it still has the most viewers of any TV sitcom.
Gets about 13 million an episode.
Then there’s secondary exposure from publications / social media talking about how BBT talked about bitcoin.
Doubt it will Be earth shattering, but coinbase will add more users and BTC will rally after the episode.