FUDcucks BTFO
Is USDT safe or not.
Ugh.
I want the real answer
Part of Operation Dragonslayer?
btc gonna crash?
NOTHING TO SEE HERE GOYIM
kys FUDers.
I'm sick of this USDT shit.
it's fine.
One twitter conspiracist caused all this fud lmao
that's exactly what MtGox did
Low iq tether fudders and conspiracy theories read this first before creaming your pantshttps://medium.com/@SirLamboMoon/first-your-title-is-misleading-cf1afab0269f

Mt.Gox released the same statement before going belly up.
We are fucked boys
ikr history repeats itself
sir lambo moon
F
>bitfinex didn't come out and tell us they are going to get wrecked and that they are shady as fuck and instead told us "everything is ok"You have to be the most retarded and naive kind of cuck-to-the-powerful to think this proves that they are fine.
It's pretty much just an "we're saying so".
Bitfinex is only 34% of BTC trading; if they are printing dollars to buy BTC then why aren't other markets significantly lower than bitfinex?
Don't they just lose because traders sell their BTC on bitfinex and then buy it cheaper on another exchange?
If an institution buys a lot of BTC on GDAX, does the price not rise on other exchanges?
Its called arbitrage.
That's why jihan and friends only need bithumb to pump Bch.
You have to be the most naive and retarded cuck to fall for some twitter conspiracy theory with zero evidence.
But that’s your god given right and I hope you buy some more bch
Operation cuckslayer

 volume pairs with no liquidity whats your point
the thing I don't get is why would anyone accept a tether token for $1?
> ask for evidence before drawing conclusions OK, can we see an external audit report > silence
This is interesting.
They’re admitting they are creating more tethers than the money they are receiving.
They have only created 4-5% more than the cash they have.When they have created more than 10 Tethers for every dollar it will be time to get worried.
We will be fine until then.
Because bitfinex redeems them for 1 usd and they’ll wire to your bank.
But only if you are a big boy with 25k usd
Are you retarded?
So I can start a crazy bitstamp conspiracy and ask for their audit report?They’ve already given a proof of reserves, which is not an audit, but it shows the money exists.
What the fuck do you want?
That was such bullshit, the conclusion is that he doesn't know whether they are legit, so why not believe it.
What poor reasoning, because you can make a fortune.
Also he doesn't bring back many valid points such as on official documents the CEO of Bitfinex and tether being the same person, and meanwhile another person is claimed to be the CEO of tether.
If anyone started paying off debt with tokens advertised as paired to a fiat currency, not allow its withdrawal, print millions of them at once coinciding with BTC and BCH pumps, see FUD coming and doing nothing to prove you're legit, yes you deserve a conspiracy.
Volume ≠ liquidity
Fudders still have zero evidence that is not one to one.
How retarded are you?
Who cares about the ceo lmao
They allow withdrawal and redeems them you dumb shit, tether market cap goes down on some days.
Has this ever been done?Heck, I can go to their website and read:>The Tether Platform is fully reserved when the sum of all tethers in circulation is greater than or equal to the balance of fiat currency held in our reserve.
Through our Transparency page, anyone can view both of these numbers in near real-time.And when we go to that page we that at least 30 million are unaccounted for.
Whoops.
all your screenshot proves is that coinmarketcap has huge margins of error for low volume large spread pairs where the books are vitalik-thin
Do you know of anyone ever having redeemed tether?
I can't find it anywhere.Their own fucking website says they are not guaranteed redeemable, only pursuant to their terms and conditions, that can be changed at will.https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7ap3y8/did_anyone_ever_personally_withdraw_tether_usdt/
Go to coinmarketcap and see tether market cap go down when it gets redeemed
They can’t legally it is always redeemable because they’ll get rekt like Liberty Reserve.
However they have never failed to redeem them, if they didn’t people would bitch
And that doesn't strike you as suspicious?
That if they claimed to do what they promise to do they would be shut down?
Jesus christ