R8, h8, evalu8
nice touch with the whore typing, brah
Didn't see the notification in the pic, whoops
with that capital u can move that ark shit to some potential coins to get 2x, then move u r 1x to ark, rest you can use to improve portfolio
literally what is the point in holding 90 dollars of a coin or even 300
wow, first bitch i see in crypto, good luck
They're losses that I refuse to sell until I break even
This is why i love 4chan
Nah, with Ark I earn phat staking rewards passively, so I'd like to just accumulate more if anything.
ah, your bags
4368572i love this board we have our own language
U just made half of reddit slit their wrist
You'll be rich off that Ark my friend.
checked
PICS OF REBECCA NOW
Pics of Rebecca pls.
I think bag holder is from the time before crypto:>DEFINITION of 'Bag Holder' An informal term used to describe an investor who holds a position in a security which decreases in value until it is worthless.
In most cases, the bag holder will hold the position for an extended period of time in which most of the investment is lost.
bagholderOld Wall St. word for what we call "normie"; i.e.
the person who ends up holding the bag of shit that we all pretended was worth something until they bought it
Who is Rebecca?
What does ARK offer, that ETH does not?
more than one here...
You know the rules.
Ark will do everything ETH does, but far better.
Push-button deployable blockchains that are interconnected in the Ark Ecosystem, etc.My cute FWB from work
How much will I have in a year holding this?
And what about in 2 or 3 years?
SYS will win.
I know my battery is gonna die but would need some insight on how to improve my folio.
Which coin should i hold long term by diversifying that XEM bag?P/s im taking a morning poop right now
And pls guys update your blockfolio to get the dank ui
I just did anon, looks pretty nice.About your portfolio... why don't you get some LINK?also pls respond 
I got the latest version but no dark theme....
Ya I'm a cheapskate with an old ass phone.
4368863
4369305how can I create a watch only portfolio, I have millions of transactions and I refuse to just enter all my btc for 1 date and 1 price
Just add your coin and choose watch only.
app?
Blockfolio
Yeah I worked that out after scrolling down and seeing other people's images that didn't include whore popups :(Do you connect it to something like Bittrex or is it for a specific exchange?
r u new
Yes, why?
Pls no hate newfags, I'm already down $300 from being rused.
Started with 250 bucks
I also have 6.4 ark and .03 bitcoin cash that i got for free from polo
R8 M8's
Started with $150
Thinking of moving some stuff around and adding XLM, XMR, NEO, ARK, LSK.
Thoughts?
Eternal bags H8 only
what app do you use?
blockfolio.
Sell IOTA and cripple
The app doesn't connect to your wallets, you just tell it how much you bought, the price and the exchange that you used and it tracks the differences.
It's just a price tracker fampai.
You type in how much of each coin you have and it tells you the price of each and your total crypto portfolio.
4370187Yeah I'm working that out now, slightly clunky that you can't add a starting point though and have to add it as a 'transaction'.
Well some of what I have is leftover change so..
Please enlighten me on ARK.Is it too late to get in?I heard the developers have some pretty ambitious goals
Also
It's not too late, but I can't promise anything, I'm not a psychic.
That said, it's a great and highly ambitious project that I think will really take off.
Remember that /biz/ was shilling $3 Ethereum back in February 2016.
And have some leddit info on the "Ark Ecosystem" in the works, from our boy biz_classic.
I'm a poor student
You’ll make it anon
Also have about $80k in ETH.
Am I going to make it?
Just started my new job the other day and I fucking hate it.
Will I'll be able to retire in a few years biz?
Why
4370187The percent change values aren't reflective of what it's worth now compared to where I started from and just show the 24/h change which is meaningless.
Is there a way to change this, am I doing it wrong?
Actually going to the Holdings tab of a currency is giving me what I 'want', odd that it's not totalled on the main page though.
Nope.
You picked some stupid coins.
District0x is literally nothing.
Dice is fucking stupid.
Golem is stupid (impossible project).
honestly know, you might as well just dumb all those coins (besides omg) and put them in link.
being serious.
those other coins are shit and are going nowhere.
maybe pick up some req
Now these are what I call shitcoins
Sell Dice, GNT, DNT for XEM
GNT, DICE, and LINK I cannot imagine being big market cap coins in the next few years, so no probably not.
Eth will 5x in the year.OMG or link will 10x.
If I listened to Mercuryfag I'd be in 6 figures but I'm not and won't post blockfolio until I am.
How do you get the dark theme?
Would ARK be a good long term investment?
I just about bought in when I woke up and saw it posted.
Been kicking myself in the ass for the last day and half for not pulling the trigger.
4370457Who is this mercuryfag prophet you speak of?
An anon that posted a pick of a woman's ass and the word "Mercury" as an OP immediately before it started its moon from $0.02 to $0.24 I had $18k I was looking to put in something and that would've gotten me to the 21 btc club.
Pls my rent is due
kek at the badly shopped percentages
436851143684984368572436860043686254368690Guys, I know referral codes are fto share on biz.
But I literally turned 0 BTC into 0.005 BTC just by signing up and using the Martingale system.
(slightly modified)https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martingale_(betting_system)Maybe I'm lucky.
Or maybe my method just works.
I've also 10x'ed on Cryptopia's dice game twice.Like I said, it could be all chance, so don't go betting more than you can lose.
But if you're like me and spend 8+ hours a day on a computer for work, this can be a nice way to generate passive BTC.Here's my link:freebitco.in/ ref code: 9672370You literally get free Sats just for signing up, btw.Your friend,The Crypto Genius
I'm sorry but I can mathematically prove to you why the martingale system does not work.
It requires clauses that cannot exist.
4371601And if proving it using formal mathematics isn't good enough I could even write a matlab program that simulates x amount of players with y amount of wealth over n amount of rounds and you could clearly see the flaws of the martingale system there.I would keep your gains while you are up
you love meme's dontcha
4371601And there is also empirical evidence against the martingale system.
> Casinos are still in businessLiterally the biggest trap for advantage gamblers
It's his mom
R8
this is why I love reddit
It's not shopped those are the ones I track regularly, you can move the order around dummy
blockfolio has never worked on my phone but ive got my own spreadsheet.
Got a nice diversity of low and high mcap shitcoins in here
How is that p/l even calculated what maths give you a p/l of 4 btc?
Cool.
Can I've that template ?
OP, be careful of girls who put the cherry emoji in their social media usernames.
They will fucking breaking your heart, bro.
:'(
I bought ~500k RNS on coinexchange back in late March for 0.25 btcThe way I do my spreadsheet is that I have an individual tab for every shitcoin I've traded, where I copy/paste all my trades from various exchanges.
My P/L formula then sums the value of all my sells, adds that to the value of my current holdings, and subtracts from my aggregate cost (the total BTC i've ever spent on the coin).It's not a template but something I made myself in Google Sheets.
This:https://medium.com/@paulgambill/how-to-import-json-data-into-google-spreadsheets-in-less-than-5-minutes-a3fede1a014awebsite goes over how to copy/paste the script into google sheets to allow you to pull API data from various sites.
From there I pull price data from either bittrex, cryptopia or poloniex to enable me to track my values in real-time and refresh my data on command.