Every time I invest into a project I do hours and hours of research into the team, the product, use of the token and current/potential market cap and all it has given me is -30% bags.Invested into LINK, MOD, iExec, ARK and ZRX and none of them are moving anywhere despite being top notch projects with real products, great teams and promising roadmaps.Meanwhile my normie friend who’s also in crypto is up 300% this month because he just invests into any shitcoin or ICO that’s being shilled on reddit or facebook.
Few days ago I could have invested into POWR when it was $0.21 but discarded it because I thought it already had a huge market cap related to other more promising projects such as LINK but now this shitcoin has mooned to almost $0.80.I don’t fucking get these markets anymore.
Everything here is driven only and only by hype.
Shitcoins mooning left and right to massive overvalued market caps and solid projects staying undervalued as fuck and even dropping further.
How much did it cost you to figure it out?
You are reborn now.
Never chase pump, never dyor, never hold shit coins.
That includes bcash
Don't feel bad about it, those projects will go up soon, like you said they have a real product and most of them don't suffer the same volatility of shitcoins, your friend was somewhat lucky since there are people losing a ton of money on those shitcoins, you played it safe and you will paid soon or later for being patient.
honest comment.
you probably will get shit on by trolls, don't mind them you got some nice choices long term, you should look into DOVU, like actually read the whitepaper, they will be relevant next year.
There's no point getting really specific knowledge, because 99% of all other people won't have this specific knowledge so won't trade on it.
What you want to do is know *slightly* more than the average crypto investor.
wall of text>leddit spacingThanks for your blog, asshole
Just be patient dude, holy fucking shit.I held ETH for a year and a half at a loss before it exploded up to $400 over a period of 3 months.
Literally just wait.
I'm with you man.
I was making MUCH more money when I didn't know anything and would just buy the reddit flavors of the week.
Now I'm purposely beating my head against a cement pavement, it seems.
Yup.
ArkVM will boost Ark to $100+.
But this shit takes time.
that's easy for you to say.
nobody knows if we'll ever get that kind of explosion again.
I agree, I'm looking forward to it.
Ark is the best project in crypto imo.Nobody knows anything anon.
We're all just making educated guesses here.
True it's just hype.
Companies shilling their vapourware with skateboard stickers and PnD are the ones doing well for a while.
The solid choices with no hype eventually moon a year or two later but they become entrenched at the top.
Most of the coins you mentioned are long term holds, just wait 6 months - 1 year and you will see some serious gains.
This market is pretty much driven by hype, that's true, but hype alone will not get you very far except maybe some quick gains (if you sell before it dumps).
All being said, I'm also invested in some good coins which have been bleeding but I'm pretty comfy knowing that in 1 year it will be worth missing all these pnd and moon missions.
I hope so.
It feels like shit though bleeding from $55,000 to $43,000 in a month because I’m holding these bags and my friend is up from $15k to over $40k in two months.
Hopefully all this bagholding will be worth it in a years time.
researchDo you mean you just read threads made by shills and swallow their lies and empty promises?
You are simply getting in at the bottom of ponzi schemes.
Despite all your "research", it never dawned on you that giving unknowns money upfront does not a promising project make.
Basic human psychology.We are at the end of the ico boom and early investors are cashing out.
What are you even trying to say?
OP said shitcoins are mooning left and right while legit projects dump and you're saying the ICO boom is over?
Kek totally unrelated
If you think the coins the OP mentioned are ponzi schemes, I think you will have a bad time...
This is the people you're trading with.
People that consider paragraphs as "leddit spacing"
wrong reply was meant to 
No i dont think those coins he mentioned are ponzis.
Thats why i said OP thinks its unfair that legit projects are not mooning while shitcoins are pumping left and right.
Reading comprehension pls brainlets.
Because good projects are not being pumped and dumped that much.
Good projects are longterm shit, like POWR.
Great team, good deals left and right, good marketing.
Far from the shitcoins you invested in, whatever the promises.
Its still early you can enter into POWR, its a long term hodl, stop searching for pnd if you are not part of a group pnd will only make you poorer.
I mean reading the whitepaper, talking to the team on slack, seeing what updates they release, what is their roadmap and what partnerships they have.
I do also consider shilling since it’s good if a token has a large community but I try not to get influenced too much and mostly rely on my own research.
"Legit" projects that wouldn't get a dime from professional investors like banks because they don't even have working prototypes or cashflow.
The success rate of these projects is less than 1%.
You fags are deluded.
OP here's what u don't understand.
Crypto is too young for anything but speculation.
The good coins you're doing research on will maybe give you returns years from now.The only way to make big money now is to trade pump and dumps.
Think of every shitcoin like a penny stock.
Those are all garbage companies too, but with a little bit of news and a low float, penny stocks go on massive 200%+ runs that big companies like Google or Apple could never achieve.
Chasing pump and dumps is bad but if you get in on it early there's no reason to not ride the wave to massive profits.
In other words, they are ALL shitcoins until they have positive cash flow in a setting where they solve a real world problem.
great teams>LINK>ZRX>MODLmao you deserve your bagsMaybe think with your brain rather than hopping on /biz/'s hype train of the weekIf /biz/ turns into an expert authority on CS and security when talking about a project, you picked the wrong coin
"Legit" projects that wouldn't get a dime from professional investors like banks because they don't even have working prototypes or cashflow.Are you stupid?
LINK received a small amount of funding from SWIFT for winning their startup competition.
You sound like a Bitcoin maximalist who is bitter he missed several alt moon missions in the past few months.
Thanks for the shill but I try to never invest into anything at an ATH.
Sure it might pump higher and I might miss out on 50-100% profit but if it doesn’t it can go down 50% and further and I’ll be stuck holding serious bags for months/years, more than I already hold.
You want a mooning coin who have a solid project, go in RDN this will scale ethereum first and after other blockchains EVM based (qtum...)
I tell you what OP, the reason you're not making any gains despite your hours of research is the simple lack of market understanding and patience.First of all, all alts have been in the shitter for over 3 months now with all the drama, China FUD and hardfork shit.
So it is important to know the market situation.
It is actually very hard to make reliable gains at the moment and a big part is LUCK to gain profits in alts in such a market.
Everybody telling you otherwise is a retard and moron, who can't cope with the fact that he was just lucky - like your friend.
People like these will however lose all the money again in the long run.Second, all those projects were good.
But if you lost money on them, then your entry point was shitty.
So despite the quality of those projects, you lost money on your own fault.
People even lose money due to bad decisions and worst possible entry points.
Other people MADE money on those projects.
I literally made 80k$ out of ark with a mere 6$k investment at 0.20$ and sold way too early obviously.
Conclusion: ENTRY POINT is like 75% of everything.
You probably bought in at 3.50$ thinking it will go x10 AGAIN in such a short time before it corrects because of delusion and simple lack of market understanding.
No offense, but that is just the truth.Third: Patience.
You wait.
You observe a project for a while and see how it plays out.
Don't FOMO into pumps.
Doing your research is only like 20%.
The rest is being smart and patient and looking for a good entry point, possibly after a steep fall or after a downtrend is broken.
Seriously, if you want to make money you literally have no other choice than buying low and waiting until you can sell high.
Same with LINK, RLC, etc.
You people only think in timeframes of week to week in a bad market situation.
WAIT 6-12 months after you had a good entry point and it is almost guaranteed to net you massive gains, whilst ignoring EVERY FUD.
You are your worst enemy.
No patience = no gain.
>Thinking anyone is buying any of these shitcoins because of the end product behind them.How fucking new are you.
That's because you fucking suck at researching if you bought LINK
Lol @ using the word "bitcoin maximalist"... Student groups get these kind of grants all the time that doesn't make their little projects sound investments...
Student groups get these kind of grants all the time that doesn't make their little projects sound investments>LINKThen you shouldnt bother investing in crypto at all.
Stick with stocks you massive faggot.
>I don’t fucking get these markets anymore.
Everything here is driven only and only by hype.
That's contradictoty.You understand the market perfectly fine: it's all hype and tech is largely irrelevant.You got that right.
But you really wish it not to be (because it means putting in work and research isn't what makes one win and the other lose) and so you discard that insight and make bad decissions becaude of it.We are far away from the product phase, the next 2 years is still the "who is known bast" phase
The only one itt thread talking sense is the one mentioning entry points.
And me.You seem way too emotional for trading anything at all tb h.
your rational words resonate anonsimilar perspective, i'd enjoy listening/talking more about the macro-emotions of the marketxxoxxoxx@protonmail.com
maybe theres something wrong with your research senpai.
it took me 5 mins to realize that chainlink is piece of shit
thats the thing ive learned thanks to chainlink.
i was delusional.
the only thing that matters is hype.
i bought in at presale with couple of friends - around 50eth worth.
(before it was cool boys;-)) bought a couple more after it hit ED but did not sell at any of the tops link had because i believed in hodl and "longtherm" i think i was at around 15-18btc worth of link at some point and now im down to 2-3btc (sold some)just realise that blockchain "is not there yet" nobody is really using it.
even btc is a joke if you think about the price vs usage, but its the most legit one.
so the only thing you have to have in mind is how much hype can a coin produce.
lets say - the best case - you got into an ICO and it goes xWhatEver.
(based on hype) 1) you take slowly but steady some of the table because short therm hype2) you wait until the hype is gone 3) add to your position in the mid therm because most of the coins or ICOs are loosing against btc in the midtherm (thinking that most coins are only whitpaper projects, no product, no usage, etc)4) win in the longtherm if the project succeedsat least imho.
and thats the new way i approach this market.tldr; get on hype projects, take some of your profits because of short therm hype, reinvest if you really believe after the hype(most coins loose against btc in the mid therm), hold for the long rungl guys
You took hours to look at the coins and you bought the hyped coins in /biz and completely disregarded the greatest coin overall : POWR.
Real project, real team, real deals, real marketing.
Biz is overhyping it, its true, but if you look into it you will see its not for shit.
Most legit coin at the moment.
And again you have to hold in what you believe in.
There will be pumps and dumps, FUD, FOMO, just try to think by yourself.And by the way if you are getting too emotionak, you cant sleep, you have to look at the market always every 2min, that means :-you are too emotive.
try meditation or somethingor-you put money you cant afford to lose at allMy guess is you do both.
Its bad, you cant make good decisions like that.
How long are you holding for?
Idk about link but ark mooning is a matter of time and the devs actually releasing something, holders are absolutely resillient.
Umm, that would be because other people don't do same research and don't end up with same answers as you.
You need to understand what groups think and that is best done buy joining group.
Here is new one that I find promising, it's community driven pump and chat group.
https://discord.gg/F3SDe8S
The problem isn't hype, the problem is the coins you bought were simply shit, same with OP, that or you buy in at the top while the price stabilizes and you missed the actual moon mission.
Literally pick any random shitcoin on EtherDelta and go to the site and you can make a case that it will "change the world"You guys are simply too emotionally invested to trade
Well what the fuck do you think>Everyone speaks it on Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, 4chan etc.Vs<No one talks about it but my sub 50iq brains think it's a good buy
Find a coin, that if adopted in mass, would have more of a wide scale usage than LINK.If it works out people and companies will be using LINK on a daily basis without even knowing it.
You know that whitepaper and whatever the team says etc only counts if it is true?Did they pinky swear with you to try their hardest and deliver a product?
"everybody speaks about it" = too late to invest you degenerate pnd chasing ADHD dimwit.
"nobody speaks about it" = perfect point to invest
This.
I have ADD and even I understand it.
You must be one of those guys following a project like a dumb herd of sheep!
Do some damn research.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket, spread your money around..what's hot right now is Monero and Tio 
That can be said about every crypto project.
They could all be scams and not deliver but most projects I invest into have a prototype.
No prototype was a reason why I didn’t invest into confido and it worked out kinda great for me.
Checked.
ARK doesnt hype, it just delivers.
Last i heard they are completely overhauling the code to make it even faster, efficient and scalable for the future.
Lmao.Powr was shilled like crazy here, bought at 20 cents.
Same with GVT and ETP and STORJ and almost with fucking everything
 going with anything but strict TA when dealing with speculative high volatility literal shit
hold most of those.
you will have nice gains.pump and dump only works if you keep following this shit 24/7, have some nice sums and know when to dump.
i got other shit to do.
Dude you're fucking deluded, can you not see that?
You're drunk on Kool-Aid.
I honestly feel so bad for you linkies, some russian turk slav hybrid over exaggerated a problem almost no one faces and you all bought into it.
So sad
if LINK is a shitcoin then everything is a shitcoin m8it actually has a use that can catapult crypto further into the mainstream which is good for the shitcoins above and below it
almost no one faces>is tackling a problem inherent only to crypto>nobody uses cryptogee I wonder why nobody has these problems
every single crypto currency needs decentralized oracleslmao you guys are fucking stupid jesus
invested>research>cryptoDon't kid yourself, you are speculating at most, which is why your "investments" aren't doing shit.
only and onlythere's your problem, youre retarded
I do hours and hours of research into the team, the product, use of the token and current/potential market cap"Research" all you want, it won't make the price go up.
That's a fallacy a lot of people seem to make here.
"Read duh huwyte paypah" won't make the price go up, even if it's a promising project.
Well eth is not a shitcoin, this isn’t the difference.
All shitcoins will eventually go to 0.
It doesn’t mean you shouldn’t trade them.
It’s just don’t hold them too long :)
I saw the name POWR on reddit 17 days ago and bought in under 15 cents without reading anything else
sell all of your ark now fucking fudder
what is stop loss
This so much!
The alt boom is probably over now.
Everything here is driven only and only by hype.You're right.
Buy only hyped coins or coins with good marketing.>muh mainnetThat doesn't matter, buy only after link hires someone to do some marketing.
Rory said they are working on that.
you want to know slightly moreno you just want to know the same thing slightly quicker
Eth is not a shitcoinIt was in 2016, according to you>This isn't the differenceYou said it best
Ark overhauls code>Sounds good>Chainlink ports code>It's all over
The alt boom is probably over now.so....what is the alternative according to you?
bitcoin just pumping for eternity?
Lol faggit, the game is since 2010 solely BUY BTC AND HODL .....which part of that don't you get?
I have massive gains with this no brainer.
Are you a special needs child or what?
Alt Coins are for Trannys./REKT
/biz is cancer now and anons don't help each other get rich like before.
I stopped listening to biz and profits came back.
I am up 50% on power since yesterdayhows your btc doing?
the game is since 2010 solely BUY BTC AND HODLhahaha, larp more faggot.
I'm in the same boat OP.
What I think the most crazy is that similar projects will all get to fucking huge marketcap even if one of them is clearly ahead and superior.How many anonymous coins, decentralised exchanges coins, "the next paypal" coins do we need ?Niche projects like MOD or even Link are literally too complicated for pajeets.I personally think chainlink is still too high considering the market for them doesn't even exist (yet ?)
and their product is years away.Modum's dividend system is literally the most optimal for investors and doesn't need IRL customers to buy fucking tokens on exchanges, but since pajeets heard "we need the coin to be used as utility or it's worthless" so they think it's a scam.Also everywhere you go, even good threads like you to discuss about the meta of the crypto market, you'll see an infinite hore of shills with their one liner for their shitcoin with not a single argument.
Just BUY BUY BUY BUY GO TO THE MOOON WE GET LAMBOS, and it works.I got my portfolio done for the next 6 months and just check /biz/ and other websites once a week but it's so depressing.
This nails it in the head.
Solid projects take years to mature and get big.
Take Monero.
Now everyone is crazy about it, but it's an almost 4 years old project.
this, hype will end soon, people will realize 99% of the coins out there are literal useless trash driven by hype and fake partneships/advisors, but this is not sustainable any longer.
Look at neo, they made a typical announcement of a announcement creating PND, because noone gives a fuck, about the tech/etc if it's not used to what it was created for.Hold your bags man, don't get shaken out chasing pumps, fuck those filthy speculators, trust me, very soon the market sentiment will swtich, everyone will look for a good project with no BS instead of vapourwave hype scams.
thing is they state they dont do marketing and focus on the product firstwhich makes my dick even more hard
you need to wait a few years on that investment.
don't jump in thinking you'll triple your money in 3 days.
you stupid ass motherfucker, LINK is not a cryptocurrency, it's just a token, you don't even know what the project is about
Because everything is hype in cryptoStop wasting your time reading whitepaper and doing research, invest on stickers and fake sponsorship
this was mei feel like a pro trader
i do yuge day trades on td all day every day and make gains but the thing about you adhd /biz/ crypto kids is you dont understand that investing in coins is a long term position.
most of you faggots want gains in a few weeks or months and for that, you are literally manchildren ffs.
if you want gains the same day then by all means day trade the stock market cause thats how you do it.
with crypto, the payout is years down the road.
why even bother to worry about half of this crypto shit anyways when it takes such a small investment to buy up 100k coins?
just check your fucking blockfolio bi-weekly and not every 6hrs you fucking brainlets.
over 90% of you idiots on this board have no business trading anything because you literally dont even understand what you're doing.
i enjoy this board because it tells me for the most part, what NOT to invest in.
oh, and yea, i got about 200k $LINK and i'm holding it til probably 2022.
Long term holds are for idiots.
You should invest coins just before mooning.
Dump on top and buy next coin that is going to moon.
Much more profitable.
thisstop being add nigger and always hodl until your plus no matter how long it takes
Outside of BTC, just buy things that have partnerships with major corporations, the State, big foundations or NGOs, etc.
and hold them.