I am a poorfag, previously homeless and now employed, and I've slowly been building my savings/fallback.
Unfortunately a key component of both my work (and hobby) has failed and needs replacement.
Rather than using 80% of my savings, I could instead manage a 6 month interest free payment on it instead comfortably within my excess income.
I should be able to pay it off in 4 months by my calculation with some voluntary payments.
However, I am very wary of taking on debt and would like some advice/input.
if it's for work why isn't your employer paying for it?
they don't provide the equipment and the one I want is above the minimum (as its for personal use as well).
I knew it was a shit deal signing up but its a hell of a lot better than being homeless
well there aren't any details here for any specific advice.
but if you have enough to buy it in full it doesn't hurt to take the interest free loan as long as you keep enough liquid to pay it off in case something happens.never needed to do it myself though, so take that with a grain of salt.also want to keep your resume circulating.
your much more likely to get a raise by trading up than with the same employer.
thanks anon.
Sorry for being vague but I've tried to put across the info without anything particular to me.
I'll see if I can borrow something from a coworker for a couple of weeks and build an extra 20% on that liquid which will make me feel more secure.
If you are very close to certain that you can manage the payments easily *and* there aren't a lot of "administration fees" etc.
which make it actually more expensive, *and* you can make extra payments at any point, then yea, it's probably okay in this case to take the loan.
but if I were in your position I'd do whichever saved me more money in the long run which is likely paying cash up front and replenishing the same amount into your savings over those 4-6 months.
yeah, forgot to say I wouldn't be comfortable with it myself.
a contract can burn you if your not confident with the fine print.
I'm lucky enough to be able to trust most people I deal with, you might have to be more careful.wish I could help more, I know getting back on your feet can be rough.
also don't buy into the crypto hype here.
even if you could make reliable returns (you can't), the emotional ups and downs will just sap your will power.
4370182Thanks for the input mates, I appreciate it.
one more thing.
reddit's professional sub reddits are generally pretty helpful and nothing like the wider community.
that along with /r/personalfinance should be able to provide better advice.