RCN Just listed on Binance!
Another PUMP coming!
u mean DUMP right
TH.....THI....THIS IS OUR CHANCE !!!!
GEt iN!!!
No sir.
IF you missed nuls pump, this is your shot.
We told them to get in OP, but biz wouldn't listen.
Yep, already pumping hard.
:)Sucks the shit posters ruin it for them so they don't trust good news, but fuck em.
This!
Also, trading starts in 30 min on Huobi and it's free RCN trading for 24 hours.
This pump will be legendary.
moon shot on target
binance kiss of deathand it just went below ICO price as expected
feel that iron pumpingmy biceps are swelling watching the chartsall the chicken shits with itchy trigger fingers are already getting off
I AM GROWING STRONGERUUUUURYYHGH
why do you think this will pump?
Hope you poorfags bought on my call last night when it was still sub2k.
i guess we're in for a long night ey?that pump was miserable
nice dump, OP
Fack i just got raped.
lost 40% lol.
that wasnt the pumpwait until burgers wake up
Om nomnomnom tasty sell walls
wtf is up with that sell wall at 1999?suppressing the price?
burgers haven't gone to sleepthis is a scamcoin, do not buy, you will be robbed
???
?i thought you were long
i was scammed
nope...that was a sick fucking bottleneck i think whales just entered the arena.
REEEE ITS STILL TANKINGI BOUGHT THE TIP AGAINMOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY
it looked like this 40mins ago and the sell walls were steep.
Didn't break 2280.
CHECK NOWTHE BUY WALLS ARE UP
Bought at 2550 woke up its tanking at 2000 what do /biz/

holdthis literallllly just started traded like 12hrs ago on buttrexLITERALLLLLLLLLLLLLLY not even a day a agoHOLD YOUR POSITIONS BOYSSSS
scamcoin stay away
424443142443854243893DO YOU ACTUALLY LOOK AT WHAT YOU ARE BUYING?
lolare you still accumulating?this coin/project is fucking legit man.
this is the SALT of consumer credit.
that's a fucking huge market
here we go another BNB scam coin just like NULS.
i didthese guys are as legit as they come.think of banks.
banks are referred to as financial intermediaries and the lending practice is called indirect because YOU the account holder deposit your money there and they use that leverage that through the fractional reserve banking system to lend out money.
RCN is a peer 2 peer lending platform.
so you could borrow and lend using their smart contracts.
oh and they presented at TechCrunchFUD allllll you want.
this project is going to huge
If /biz/ says that it's a scam, it means that it's the time to accumulate.
Thanks for the tips guys
%check the list of investors in RCN.
and he calls it a scamcoin LOLyou guys are getting this at the lowest price possible
Tim draper has a history of dumping hard onto you.
We'll see.
I bought as soon as I saw the thread and lost on it.
I'm out now, but I'm going to watch it.
Testing my hypothesis.I honestly believe that any thread claiming to be a pump is a dump.
Why would whales be telling peons where to spend there money?
Cuz they need someone to buy it.
They are at, or almost at, or just past peak.
It's downhill after then.
If this a LTH is yet to be seen.
I haven't read about it, but I've read about plenty that have been more active than this and bottomed out, plenty with great buzzwords on their website.
yeah but this is a venture backed project.
their superior due diligence into investees is a boost of confidence.
it's still young but developments rollout during this quarter and the next.
if OMG wants to unbank the banked.
RCN wants to REBANK the banked.
OMG started off slow and sluggish and then shot up like 12x in less than a month.
i see the price being suppressed pre-fork but post-fork it could spike.
wonder what happen to linkie when it was suppressed by chinese?
Oh right it never recover.
how is this related to chinese suppression?please go read the white paper
Who backed them?
Are they aggressive?
please read the white paper.
its like a 15min read
https://ripiocredit.network/Dyodd
yeah but this is a venture backed project.
their superior due diligence into investees is a boost of confidence.
This.
VCs goes through everything with a fine comb before investing.
Ripio has a already successful existing business--to put it in a few words, they are the coinbase of latin america and they want to get into P2P lending which is where the money will be:>A finding by Transparency Market Research suggests that “the opportunity in the global peer-to-peer market will be worth $897.85 billion by the year 2024, from $26.16 billion in 2015.
The market is anticipated to rise at a whopping CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] of 48.2% between 2016 and 2024.”>http://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-rise-of-peertopeer-p2p-lending-cm685513And the great thing about this is that they are setting up everything very quickly with their roadmap being completed by April 2018.
We got another pump in NULS left before this blows up?
Or should I take my gainz there and move into this now?
Nice FUD, just bought 100k of both.
hodl in there
Here is the announcement:https://twitter.com/CryptoExNews/status/928255719450791937
4246983I'm confused, is NULS a scam or no?
I haven't bought any yet, been waiting to see how it goes, but I've seen people post that it's good, not sure if unironically or LARPing.