Buy the fidget spinner.
Whether you like banks or not, I don’t give a shit.
The last weeks have shown that the market is too slowly at the moment to grasp the sheer scope of announcements like the Amex related.
This time, YOU still have the chance to be an early investor.
No daytrading skills needed, only PATIENCE.If you are willing to hold an investment for 6-12 months, buy now.
There is no way your are notmaking money on this.inb4 muh banksinb4 market capinb4 ripple owns aaaall the coins reeeeeinb4 banks don’t use XRP
Heh... thanks goy.
sorry, no reason to buy this shitcoin.
billions of xrp in circulation.
so many better options.
there are only 19 million MTL, and it is cheap as f right now.
The same goes for ADT.
Hell, even digibyte has more potential to pump than xrp.
only asian pump and dump groups pump xrp, so they can leave losers holding bags after taking 15% profit.
lol.
fuck this coin.
literally EVERYONE i've seen talking about it has lost money in it.
that's what you get when a company owns more than 2/3 of total coins and can literally dump BILLIONS of coins at any moment.
fuck this fucking coin.
i will NEVER buy it again... if i ever feel FOMO, i will just buy BTC and then wait for this shitcoin to crash as it always does (never gos past 30 cents or lower than 15 cents), then i will buy cheap as a fucking slut.
You simply don’t get it.
Do better research, then try again.
except the token is meaningless to the ripple service, it only exists to raise money for ripple labs.
you should sell if you're holding any.
Be honest, how high can it go?
someone could have 10000000000000000 coins in circulation.It doesn't matter.The price could be $.000000001if it pumps to $.000000009You still made money as you would with a coin with 100000 in circulation.Jesus.
fucking christ people.
I don't understand why people have trouble understanding that even a chinese scam shitcoin has a higher chance giving x2 gains than bitcoin doubling in price.
Something like Ripple with an actual product and banks on board will make this no problem.
Ripple has always been a long term hodl.A safe place to tuck away your money in turbulent times.It will only go up in price as well with time.
It's one of the main reasons I am buying a ledger nano S. At the moment it's just sitting on the exchange.
In Ripple for the long hold and going to try and accumulate more from expected gains before then.
wise man.I wish trezor would add Ripple or XMR.
banks will use the token to transfer funds between banks.
the banks will not buy tokens from a bunch of NEETs on a shady chinese exchange... they will buy it directly from Ripple, at a discount, as they are already doing.
You owning XRP and thinking it will be worth more than it already is, is nothing but speculation.
for al we know, Ripple probably gives XRP for free to it's clients who will use the network.
the banks will probably NEVER allow you to redeem tokens for money.
but by all means, if you want to use fake news to scam other dumbos into buying your bags from you, do whatever you want.
Nobody knows, but I don’t see any reason why this thing could reach 2-5$ in the next 3 years.
If you bought now and just held, unarguably decent gains.
2018 will put crypto market cap between 280-750 billion dollars.
New money WILL flood into crypto , so there must be a rise of xrp value.
And all this would be without the upcoming escrow, new partnerships and extended XRP use, which all will begin in the next 4-6 weeks
never goes past 30 cents or lower than 15 centsAre you fucking stupid?
If this is legitimately what you think of XRP then buy at 15 cents and sell at 30.
Fucking impatient retard cant wait for his gains and thinks a good investment is a bad one simply because it doesn't provide return in minutes.
a lot of people in this thread probably bought the last pump at the top and got dumped on.
not gonna buy your bags.
that's what you get for being an impulsive fuck who falls for the FOMO everythime.
GET REKT XD
Dude, simply WRONG.
Google David schwartz‘ thoughts on xrp price.If you say this man is not legit as fuck you don’t belong into the crypto space at all.Try FUD Ding harder, anon.
then buy at 15 cents and sell at 30the problem is that it takes a whole month or more to pump to 30 cents in less one hour, then dumps immediately after.
meanwhile, holding this shitcoin, you will have lost hundreds of 100%/1000% pumps.
No, the problem is you're an impatient faggot.>BUT MUHHH GAINS RIGHT NOW!
!>BUT MOOOMMM, I MISSED OUT ON SO MANY POTENTIAL GAINS
If you're investing in crypto purely on speculation of pump and dumps instead of the quality of the product then you are literally gambling mate
4445864 (OP)> a company owns more than 2/3 of total coins and can literally dump BILLIONS of coins at any momentHey fag ripple locked up all of its holdings in smart contracts so even ripple cannot "literally dump BILLIONS of coins at any moment" even if it wanted tohttps://www.coindesk.com/ripple-pledges-lock-14-billion-xrp-cryptocurrency/
lol, I will keep making gains on other coins.
i will have made 300-100% by the time this shitcoin pumps again.
if some news comes up about it bing really used by, not just by banks, then i will buy it.
in the end, i will still have made more profit than you HODLers.
hodling is a meme, you brainlets.
the only thing you hodl is BTC.
everything else is a loss.
if you held BTC for the last 3 months, you would be able to buy 3-4 times as many XRPs as you have now.
you fucking fucks.
it just doesn't grow as fast.
it's a shitcoin.
lol
I will keep making gains on other coins.
i will have made 300-100%No, you won't.
Crypto is dead.
Alts are dead.
You will keep bleeding money as you have been over the past few months.>inb4 you start larping