So I am very good at daytrading.
I make around 20% each day with multiple trades both short and long.It is consistent and not due to luck.
I have been in some public chats sharing my analysis and alot of people follow me.
The thing is, I am a poor student with negative net worth.
And now people want me to use their money to trade and share profits.It's a little bit crazy because they give alot of btc and I only use demo account never made real money.
I am thinking about making some extra trades that i dont tell about and keep the profit for myself.
But then again it seems like a shitty thing to do.
What now biz?
sup?
throw me an discord invite and let me see your TA
don't bother, if you're as good as you say you'll be a multi millionare by the end of the year so why add the extra stress
>I am very good at daytrading.
I make around 20% each day>I am a poor student with negative net worthEpic story dude.
I really like how you added some paradoxality to your fictional persona, creates good depth and lays a solid groundwork for interesting character development.
If you can make me 20% a day ill give you 10k to trade with yesterday.
You're LARPing faggot.
20% each day with multiple trades both short and long.Why not just throw 5 dollars to flip over and over?
I also trade for my dad and agreed upon that I can take 25% of his profits.
If he loses the money I owe him nothing.Its a nice profit multiplier.
Ahah double dubs of checkening.
OP is a faggot on this day.
20% each day consistently>poor studentIf you mustered $10 to put up, you'd be millionaire in 63 days
% is on the demo account obviously.I would welcome anyone who is productive and shares their own ideas to the thinktank.But now with this story I obviously wouldn't.
The guys who invest with me are there also and it isn't my plan that they see this thread lmaoI am not worried financially, more ethically if it would be bad if i make money from funds that are not mine.Great man.
But I agreed sharing 50% of the risk as well.
But I am confident after 4 years that my profits are much more so I dont really care.
And they feel safe and comfortable to invest with me this way.
I started with 2000 of his money and its now 17500.
This.If you're really getting 20% a day, and you started only $100, you have far far far more than 3mil after just one year
Nice, whats your discord ID?
If you're a good trader you are welcome in our thinktank.We daytrade btw.
My discord username is Woshtung #5322Greetings OP
I am not interested in wasting time with only 100$ starting capital.The plan right now allows me 50% profit with a capital of multiple btc.
I dont have time for such things im afraid.
I have to work on my studies and website.
It just so happens I can leave all the windows open when I do it.I pretty much swing trade if there is news and afterwards hold on to coins with a product.
There is no magic behind it.
Im making a point that if you really are ask good as you are, you don't need borrow money to become rich very quickly, you dumbarse.
4401199At this rate how long should it take me to become a millionaire?
I ran out of of room at the bottoms but I lost about 50 dollars today.
I started on Sunday or Monday I think.
dont lie to your clients, if one take a look at the activity history and find what you just told us, I can bet you he will stop trading with you, and tell your other clients...just my recomendation
And sell if things go silent or if there was a conference with no news.
Pretty much what everyone else does.
4401269I thought you guys were good at math
What's wrong?
10 x 1.2^64 is more than a millionFucking impossible he'll pull 20% a day for 64 days straight, but the math checks out
It is consistent and not due to luck.Hahahaha
I was asking if you could do the math for me here.I started with 550 this week and I'm up to 750 today.
I lost about 50 bucks today so I don't expect to win everyday but I'm sure I can win much more than I lose every week.
Only use demo accountYou will fuck it up big time in real world conditions.
Yeah I'm definitely going to be open and honest.
Biz isn't a bad place after all :p
Do you teach how to day trade?
It will be totally different.
With a demo account, you are playing a videogame.
With real money, you are betting your ass daily.
Can't do simple compound exponentials>Expects to make money trading cryptoNigger, ima actually help you out here.
You started a week ago, before the bch flippening chaos.
This week was perfect for gains because of all the uncertainty if only you backed bitcoin.
Humble yourself and spend more time in the market before trying anything stupid or you'll get burned
I'm not doing coins.
That is MT4 platform.
I do fx.
So can you do the math or nah?
I make around 20% each day with multiple trades both short and longYou can bet this bitch is buying FENX on ED rn
nonono what you do is create an online course, giving your secret methods only you don't, but you teach people to get mostly there.
Sell the course for $500 with additional help for an hourly rate.
Start an S corp to shelter your earnings.
Set up a youtube and patreon account where you sell your course and give tips.
Free e-book on your website to get people hooked.
Set up a Facebook (yeah I know) page, and buy $50 of FB ads a month and drive your target demo to the page, website, yt.
FB has an incredibly robust and very targeted ad system, and $50 can get you several thousand hits.
Normies eat it up.
Especially if you go all Dave Ramsey or even just get em into mutual funds while the market is good.
For the crypto, ask for tips in BTC or Gold.
You're welcome.t.
marketing expert dude
I hate this.
I see traders trying to sell their secrets but it's never impressive to me and you can find free stuff out there that is better.
pee pee poo poo
1.2^30=237x in one monthfucking larper
they are right.
You are the one that sucks at math
If you are smart yeah, but normies are not smart, the buy shit trying to "get rich quick."
I do this, and maybe only 1 out of 20 people actually will understand and get it.
The rest just move on and go further into debt.
Also might I add, everything I learned was from free stuff.
I am constantly researching and updating my own "game plan" which is pretty much just a giant google doc of random shit I have learned and apply.
It always changes, so I just keep editing it.
I then build my classes based on my latest findings, but only every 6 months or so (I research daily).
Takes me maybe 4 hours a day.
I had no idea what this means or who you're replying to.Right about what?
They never answered my question.
I just really don't like that.
You guys basically are just selling dreams to idiots, lazy people, and the naive.
From what I've learned is that anyone who tries to sell what they know usually doesn't know too much.
Or not enough to get rich using what they claim they can do.
Not dreams, real advice that works, but the lazy are just that.
Now, granted, there are people out there that sell pure bullshit, but I do teach people to increase the asset column and get rid of liabilities so they can make some actual gain.
I basically teach them how to learn and research for themselves moreso than I teach them to invest.
My system works for me, they need to build their own.
And if they pay me, I do everything I can to help them learn, but I won't do it for them.
I only use demo account never made real moneyListen bud, until you use real money, you have no idea what it is like to trade.
The emotions trading real money are real as fuck.Now multiply that with it being someone else's money, you will fuck up badly.
Just my opinion.
The kind of people I'm talking about are the kinds that pretend they can teach the average Facebook poster how to day trade for only 100 bucks a month or to sell them signals.
Why are you not rich already
Because he only has ten dollars to his name.
If you gave him 20,000 then he would be rich.
I wouldn't want my irl name tied to that though
As has been mentioned upthread, $10 is all you need if you are consistently pulling 20% daily.
You will be a millionaire in months.
This thread is a sad LARP
How long would it take me to become a millionaire if I can take 500 to 700 in a week?
No I think what we have here is another investment genius.
If anons really want to make it they need to pull their fucking heads out
I think i did the math right and it's 24 weeks at this rate
That's about 29% a week.
Assuming you start with $500, it would take 30 weeks.
24 weeks would give you a paltry 225,497.
You'd have $7,000,000,000 dollars after 100 days with $100 if you earn 20% a day.
Well it was 550 to 750.
The week isn't over either.