Daily reminder to be careful from shills /biz/bros.
I dont think people actually fall for it.
its just other indians pretending they are new buyers
Ur legit retarded lmao.
Just dont buy SALT if you dont want to.
I mean REQ kek
stay poor faggot.REQ dropped 50% in the lats two weeks.
It's still down from where it was at .00021 eth.
Thanx for the heads up
So you were proven wrong multiple times in the other thread and now make a new one?
Pathetic>Mommy this guy insulted me!!!!
I posted the last comment in that chain.
I am not being coordinated by anyone.
All your image demonstrates is that when you make stupid accusations, some of the people you accuse will call you on your bullshit.I'm holding a fat stack of REQ which I'm not selling until late 2018.
I literally could not give less of a shit what you do when it comes to REQ.
Buy it, dump it, it makes no difference to me.Obviously shills do exist, but referring to anyone who supports a token as a "coordinated shill" is just jumping at shadows.
yeah ive seen this asshole before.
look at his sentence structure in the posts, its all the same rofl
this obvious damage controlJust stop anon.You are not only embarrassing yourself anon, but you are also embarrassing your PnD group.
I know right?
Fucking indians shilling their coins.
I find this amusing more than anything.
Obviously I can't prove it, but I know I'm not part of any group.
It's interesting to see how confident you are, despite being wrong.
4518054You sound like someone that swing trades REQ who is now worried that the REQ train might leave him behind.
Can't you just knock it off already?
It's more than obvious now that you are part of a PnD group.
No one is buying your bags pajeets.
lmao REQkt
 Can't you just knock it off already?Says the guy who won't stop replying and accusing me of bullshit.> It's more than obvious now that you are part of a PnD group.
You are clearly an idiot who jumps at shadows.
Anyone who is positive about a coin must be a shill, and anyone who is negative must be a FUD.
> No one is buying your bags pajeets.My strong, white Anglo-Saxon hands are not letting go of these REQ bags, you silly child.That's a bingo!
This idiot sold his bags, now he's trying to FUD everyone into believing there's an ongoing PnD.
This and nothing else.
So many PHD swing Traders are getting fucked in the ass right, including this nigger.