Welcome back to Quantstamp.
Surprise.. surprise..
Announcement postponed to tomorrow?
What did I tell you guys yesterday?Small announcement (tomorrow), big announcement (day after).
Pumps and dumps.
Take care of yourselves, a dip should be starting soon.
Wow!!
Artificially pump and pump...
These guys are even better than joost!
Prepare for correction!
what's the market cap?
So should i buy?
Buy ATH sell ATL.
What kind of question is that anon?
Confido + OMG shilling, this is what you'd get.
A hyped crowdsize of Electroneum, with these results on Binance.?.
<--- not a question, as in even CMC doesn't know.It should be dipping within the hour.
And there'll be 1 of 2 major dumps tomorrow.
Buying would your choice.
Artificial pumping and dumping.
Good game hodlers.
Hahahaha
too late i bought, read that it was gonna be listed on bittrex soon.
so i bought
Ride the tiger you weak fucks
it’s timeburgers are waking up
time to sell?
Lol /biz/ was fudding this coin to no tommorow yesterday at 1k.
Glad I bought in anyways, I might recover these chain link losses.It's really true, do the opposite of what/biz/ says.
USA is up, they'll dump.
I'm looking for a good position to drop half my stack.
Telegram is gonna blow up LOL.
Let's go mate!
invite me to those juicy telegram groups senpai
I sold at ath, looking to buyback too.
Whats your entry point your looking for?
It's supposed to dump but they postpone the news to artificially pump the coin.
Fuck this.
I'm dumping now.
Will buy back later maybe
Re-entry, Presale tier price.LOLIf I said it out loud on 4chan wouldn't the entire Telegram group just cockblock me.. Come on mate.
/biz/ hates money.
Please, please don't buy a coin trading at 2x ICO with about 50 million in trading volume only on binance.
This is clearly the work of one or your pajeet pump and dump groups, LOL.
Not selling till 4k next week.
what was the presale price, less then 6 cents right, doubt we will see that price again.
.03, the crowdsale was 0.06
Hodlers can stay poor.
This is biz.
Go back to fapping.
its moving to 16cents as we speak how the fuck is it going to 3 cents any time soon.
unless your talking about buying in a couple of days, who knows what happens then.
This entire price action is a ploy of Discord biggets PnD group!!
!PAJEETS IN FULL FORCE!
It'll get dumped pretty hard when the news hits.
Post news dumping, now it's pre news day dumping.News does this.. even the Richard Ma knows.
He's trying to spread the news out as much as possible, but you can only go so far with announcements to pump the price.Getting those gains.
What news is it supposed to be?
Probably news to make people hodl more.
That's what the ceo wants.
So they can pump and dump.
Hahaha.Quantfido.
Don't have the slightest clue, but it'd be smart to sell the news.
and buy rumors.
But 9e2VICT5 might be right as well, we just have to wait and see.
Ride with us, you'll get your gains.
This is just getting sad.
Buy in and make some money OP.
It doesn't have to be this way.
the next 3xer no doubt!
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Quantstamp down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Quantstamp into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
Telegram group just blew up, LOL.
Let's go mates!
My 4year old daughter wants a Rari for Christmas.
so the news is coming out soon?
meaning it will continue to dump until then right?
so whats the floor on this thing.
it went up 100% in a day, so the crash will be pretty bad,
Some things just don't dumpSee POWR - minor bump in the road due to PBC bullshit but it's been all uphill since last week
Really depends mate, you can see when it pumps or dumps.
But I also got into PBC, made me quite a bit.
Can't complain.. More pissed about BCH.
Just heard there isn't going to be news tomorrow..
I'm dropping my stack.
Ggwp quantstamp.
same.
Where did you hear this?
Proof?
A little bird has been singing tunes of Quantstamp announcements.This is just for those who are willing to listen.
For the rest, pls continue to buy my stack at Ath.
Thx
It's the same retard fudding since the beginning despite us closing in on a new ATH.
Don't worry.
Those who aren't in will be left in the dust.
Holy shit, that 100k+ qsp wall that appeared.
That's you?
Damn son..
Enjoy your 50eth dude.
You mean the stack you claimed you sold 20% under the current price so you can "rebuy tomorrow at 3 cents"?
Lol yourself moron, I don't even know what you are fudding for there is no interest in this coin on/biz/, this is the only thread all day and we have half the posts.
One of many to come.
I am leaving Quantstamp.
Someone probably hasn't read the WP, looked at the team, and understood the use case.
Bye anon, 2k+ sats here we come
idk if he's faking it.. but someone is dumping hard.. Gonna try to keep this thread open cause if this news thing is true.
That's really fun mates.
Look at the charts.
Healthy and trend is up, not down.
Smh
So much for that dump haha
Phew~ So much stress dudes.. Just gotta wait for the announcement tomorrow.
Good luck to us.
The buy wall on Binance for this is fucking insane.
$0.3 tomorrow.
Sold half my stack yesterday at 1.4k for a 30% gain and hating myself right now.
The worst part is I used the gains to buy more Link.
Link isn't a bad hodl mate.
But qsp gains are pretty sick.
This announcement thing got me a bit fud though lol.Adding that there are some people dumping, not small dumps too.
Hopefully the hype can keep QSP up for now.
Ugh, the FUDDers actually got me to sell.
God dammit.
In the future, DYOR.
It's still not to late to re-enter at 1.9k sats
Yeah, my fault, and I should definitely question the motives of people insisting something is "DUMPING!"
when it's clearly not (yet).They're probably just trying to justify in their minds why they sat out and are hoping it comes true so they can stop feeling bad.
it's over 2000 sats atm.
This will easily eat through the sell walls to 3000.
They're probably just trying to justify in their minds why they sat out and are hoping it comes true so they can stop feeling bad.This, exactly.
QSP is a definiton for HODL.
havent had a doubt about it since i bought in presale.
This will stay safely in my MEW until Lambo time.
I'm not selling for misely 100% gains...
A guy called Charlie just sent me this photo..
Anyone know about this?
So when do you plan on selling?
I bought in at 19k sats like an idiot, not looking to hold longer then a week or 2.
Seems everyone is saying Bittrex listing and Visa news is fake.. Can anyone else here confirm it?
The whole of telegram is confirming the fake news.
I was in tier 2 presale of QSP, but didnt participate....how much profit would I have made by now?
I have a sell set at 4.5k that I feel will trigger by the end of the weekend.
I think you're still early.
,1$ / coin
fuck me...got JUST'ed by REQ and AST and miss the good ICO oppurtunities.
Hate my life
Price dipped below ~600sats at the first 10minutes of binance, I feel like a lot of bags were dropped there, I bought in at 600sats and it broke 2k sats half an hour ago
I sold last night around 1.5k thinking for a pullback.
Debating FOMO buying back in at 2k, I don't think this is stopping and I don't feel like there are any better investments at the moment.
>Proof of pajeet coin>basically a glorified linterenjoy your bags after the dump
This shit is gonna pulla POWR isn't it
I was busy when it was at 0.11 hours ago, I'm not getting any unless they hit 0.14 at very least
Still pumping very hardI'm a poorfag and just put 50USD in damn
Yeah, at 5k.
I got 16k at 1250, will hopefully reach 2500 soon and I'm gonna sell and buy back in when there is a dip
At least you aren't me who put his literal 9€ that were on my wallet.Though I put all my other funds on POWR so I don't mind.
Enjoy the sidelines.
This is not a pnd.
Unless of course you consider POWR and RDN to be.
newfried here, what do you mean with 2500?The current price on ED is 0.00044384 ????
https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=QSP_BTC
Yeah sats, you're looking at the QSP/ETH price not BTC
The only purpose of this coin that I can see is to pay for audit requests to be carried out.
That seems like such an incredibly small use-case for the amount of money raised.
Security protocol for ethereum smart contracts.
Incredibly large use case.
I'm on about the currency itself, not the project.
Very clearly laid out in the WP.
And it's a token.
just audit.
hardly 1 mill worth.
crypto is funny though.
Yeah, contract creators pay with it, auditors get paid with it.
That's it.
It's a tool for validation that incentivizes honesty.
ITS CRASHING SELL SELL SELLTOO MANY PEOPLE DUMPING AT 2200 AND NOT ENOUGH BUYING TO KEEP THE PUMP GOINGIT'S GOING TO BE A BLOODBATH
>Fall for the meme>Literally one minute later it crashes
What does he mean by this?whales aggumalading???
I wouldn't be too worried, looks like it's consolidating at 2k before the next leg up.
Moon mission is still go.
it's getting too quiet....hmm
Your time, too, will come anon.
Just don't get impatient, yet don't lose your vigilance.
BUY ORDERS SET, CAPTAIN!
That FUD pic was fake.
It’s go time boys!
ive made so much money today.
thank you QSP.
THANK YOU.
I sold at 2.1 and bought back at 2.3.
How am I doing?
2300GOGOGOGOGO
YFW YOU LITERALLY TIME EVERY DIP PERFECTWHERES THAT 2300
No.
POWR & RCN are solid investments.
Not this shyte.
POWR & RCN will save you.
hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng 2300+
4509725hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng 2350+dont buy, sit back and watch everyone get rich fagets
2369growing like crazy
I've managed to reduce my stack by about 20% trying to daytrade this.
I'm still up 50% on my initial investment though.
Just set my sell order at 4k and am walking away, this isn't going down.
oh boy
sellwalls on the menu for lunch boiiis
jesus christ
To compare LINK volume on the top was 2500 btc, this has 4000+ already and almost no shilling
2400+yahtzeeeeeee
QUANTSTAMP FOR THE WIN
One more moon like this and I might finally recover all my Link losses.
What is the next moon?
right now
Holy shit this is going to pull of a powerledger in the next 2 days.
I've never seen sell walls so huge get eaten so quickly.
calling 2500 within the hour.
And there's the dump.
Fuck this shit, just when I bought back in I FUCKING HATE THIS SHIT
chillllllll.
tiny tiny.
you got this.
dont sell into losses ffs like everyone else on /biz/
Aaaaand going back up again.
how big is everyone's stack?got 30k here i'm selling the highs and buying the lows.
feels fucking good bros, we've needed a day like this
2450 just breached I'm calling 4000 tomorrow
who did just get JUSTed on EtherDelta?
these dips making me horny as fuck bruh
0.23 ETH>JUSTED
getting out 1/4th of your stack at 30% profit good move?
FUCK I COULDN'T WALK AWAY I SOLD AT 2440 THINKING IT WOULDN'T GET PAST THAT 6 BTC WALL AND IT ATE IT INSTANTLY AND NOW IT'S FUCKING MOONING AGAINI'M DONEI'M FUCKING DONE I CAN'T ATKE IT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I AM A PIECE OF SHIT DEGENERATE GAMBLER
You need to chill.
Consolidation is not a dump.
relax bro, the emotions are killing your gains
you need some lessons bro.
jesus.
i told you not to sell ffs.
4510134ok i didn't buy back in yet...there is like a 20 btc wall to get past 2.5...hopefully it dips a bit and i can get back at 2400
I said "hopefully it dips" at 1800.
It didn't and it won't now.
Just buy and reap the gains, don't care about 1 minute charts, tomorrow this is at 4000.
oh come the fuck on.
going to make me a liar.
such little resistance to 2500 too.
it's stalling out...look at all the sell orders and buy orders drying up, i'm out
log out while you are checking the charts also helps, that's an extra barrier before you panic
why isn't continuously mooning non-stop with no red at all ever
Buy and sell orders literally don't matter, any faggot whale can take down his sell wall instantly.
Not to mention this bad boy's been shitting on sell walls like crazy.
look at all this garbage it's about to leap over
byteball byteswhat the fuck is this shit
pyramid scheme with free airdrops or some shitused to be like top 20 with 500m
GBYTE, pretty major coin anon
if you're buying dips.
your chance is happening rn.
seeing another POWR here
too late i already bought back in at 2450JUST
oh youre just fucking trolling at this point.
i wish
You should hold now and take break from this.
2450 will be a distant memory in a couple hours.
you need to just hold it at this point.
stop trying to trade intraday.
Fuck dude, with these weak hands you'll never make it.
Just fucking hold now
surely this run will lose steam soon
How worried should I be?
Damn didnt even know this doing so well.
I put all my btc on binance in this at 1100 yesterday.. Comfy
Worried.
There's not much resistance for it to go back down.
Most likely a correction coming then it will pump again and we will break those walls.
Not worried.
Those walls will disappear.
Accumulation happening now.
Yep, bought in at 1.1k sats, sold now at 2.4k and waiting for the dip
if depth was a clear indicator, everyone would be rich.
kek
The only ones selling right now are weak hands, or those who are trying to accumulate more.
The thing about weak hands is they'll fomo in later.
Literally sold at 2330 after seeing the sell walls and it dropping...about to buy back in at 2400 to everyone saying I'm a larping faggot this is just the most recent page of my Binance trade history I've literally been buying high and selling low all day on this coin and reduced my stack by 30% since this morning.
jesus dudehave some control
i can literally smell the panic from that trade history.
my god
4510874What do I do?
Where should I set my buy order?
Should I buy back in at 2.4?
Holy shit you are an idiot.
buy in at 2450 and sell it when it dips to 2300
If you keep panicking like this you'll even up bald within years, if you aren't already
honest to god, i know this is biz and a lot of jks you literally need to just close out of the exchange window.check my post hx itt.
i literally hit you multiple times with no shill advice.
buying at 2300range dips:telling you to hold and not sell into losses during dips:my last bit of advice is if you cant control your nerves you need to stop day trading.
no amount advice someone on biz is giving to you is going to keep you from panic selling desu.gl bruh.
Think of this as an expensive learning experience.
Imagine if you didn't try to make any trades?
Why don't you read the WP and research the project more rather than trying to catch a pnd.
This is not a pnd.
the push to 2500 is coming
There's like a 60 BTC sell wall to 2600.
I'm not buying back in.
lol i hope for your sake you're right
Bought $500 of this when it was at its lowest point, convinced myself it was a pump and dump and sold with like no profit... feels bad man
have you learned nothing
Same except i held.
Get iron hands and research well anon
Kek i love this stuff.
U need a mentor anon-san
The current pattern is the EXACT same pattern as 12:30 this afternoon.
Look it up.
After this we're gaining 700 sats.
goodbye ethos, piece of shit wont move even after a rebrand(ill still hodl you in 6 months)
Parties over for now, see you guys in a couple days.
there are no patterns in trading, boy
been waiting since 13.00 for my BTC to send from Bittrex to Binance...
Missed fucking everything now
hard to believe a bittrex transfer took 24 hours but thats why you always convert to eth first
 hours
buy litecoin next time before transferring
How long does it usually take?
First time on Binance.
Listen newfags, this coin is up 100% in 24 hour period.
Doesn't matter how amazing this coin is it WILL retrace.
There WILL be a 20-30% corrections min any time.
Don't FOMO in.
You'll get your chance.
This happens to EVERY coin.
These guys didn't cure cancer over night.
>tfw i didn't fomo buy back in at 2450FEELS GOOD BOYS MY SELL AT 2300 WAS SMART AFTER ALLWHO /SMART/ HERE?WHEN DO WE BUY BACK IN?
tfw bought back in at 2050
alright dude did you get back in at 2000?now just fucking hold
i didn't get back in at all yet, honestly i might just sleep on it and see what happens
Like clockwork, lol
People are actually buying this?
Even when it was shoved in everyone's face who uses blockfolio?
Scam ico dude
huge news coming tomorrow and the day after, so of course people want in
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH I CAN'T DECIDE TO BUY BACK IN OR NOT BUY BACK IN WHAT DO I DO SOMEONE HELP
wait for 2500 and buy then
ok back in at 2150 gonna turn it off and hit the club see you guys tomorrow