>industrial-scale miner>assumed to be selfish and greedy>profits from high transaction fees>big blocks cost him more bandwidth and storage>longer propagation delays cause orphaned blocks, wasted electricity>sells a patented optimization claiming ~20% increased mining efficiencyConsider his motives.
If he's really the evil mastermind pushing BCH, what exactly does he stand to gain from it?
Other than becoming chief goldsmith in a feudal blockchain system he can compromise at any time with the flick of a switch?
imagine if miners could actually do damage to bitcoin, bitcoin wouldn't last a day
why would he do any of that if it ruins his only source of income?
You really don't understand the BTC blockchain do you?
I admire this guy - he's a fucking genius.
Thanks to him you making money...
FUCK
you really don't understand game theory do you?
Consider your mother if you want to consider.
singlehandedly controlling cryptoYeah.
I don't see a "source of income" there either.
Really made me think.
checked and kekd
We are not in Nash equilibrium right now faggot.
Not even close.
what specifically do you think jihan is going to do that is so bad
Coordinate pulling miners from BTC with a huge BTC dump.
Enjoy the fireworks.
he wouldn't be able to do that if there wasn't market demand for bch which has market demand because it is scaling as was outlined in the white paper.so I disagree that it's a bad thing
Crash crypto for years and fuck everyone while taking his chink profits and stroking his 1 micron gook dick.
Accumulate loads of BCH sub 1k$>Kill BTC, have BCH replace it>??
?>PROFITOf course if Bitcoin doesn’t die, that might be a lot of money burned.OTOH killing Bitcoin might not even be the objective, simply triggering these huge BCH pumps and selling at the top for more Bitcoin is plenty profitable, one would assume.
I actually think Jihun is a stand up guy who genuinely is just trying to do what he believes will benefit the ecosystem the most.
Props to him for being a smart business man who has made billions out of this industry.
who genuinely is just trying to do what he believes will benefit the ecosystem the mostyou're a moron if you don't think everything he does is profit motivated
posting broken site againbtc.com/stats/difffork.lol/pow/retargetbtcwisdom.netall have more accurate estimates
spamming BTC transactions with thousands of small transfers containing $100 fees>felon Roger Ver putting up a 10,000 BTC buy wall to prevent BCH from falling below 0.1>coordinated pumps and constant paid shilling>mining BCH for months at a substantial loss to pump his shitcoin>new DA created specifically to manipulate the BTC marketYeah that's natural market demand alright.
Everything he does is definitely profit motivated, but he is still an idealist trying to revolutionize the world for the better.
you know what they say about extraordinary claims.
market demand for bchWhich will happen immediately when btc's transactions slow to a halt and the dump begins.
basic facts are now extraordinary claimsHow much do they pay you chinklets?
Fucking don't call anyone a chink you racist pig fuck your mother if u want fuck.
basic facts can be backed up by evidence.
Alright dumb fuck plebbitor.
Show me which one of those "extraordinary claims" is lacking evidence.
taking control of the reference implementation (currently controlled by core, for better or worse) and reducing the number of validating nodes.you need to understand, that there are three main parts of the bitcoin machine: 1) miners (controlled by jihan); 2) coders (controlled by core); 3) economic and validating nodes (more or less decentralized).the machine cannot work without any of the parts.
currently all three parts are more or less independent.
to make any change to the bitcoin protocol its necessary to have a consensus between all three parts.
if jihan is successful in his endeavor, he will be able to make any changes to the protocol by himself, since he will be in control of two of the parts (mining and coding), while extremely weakening the third part (running a node will become more and more expensive).
Well Bcash fees are now higher than bitcoins so there is that...
thank for money roundeye
He would be able to force all transaction fees to be a % of the transaction itself and there'd be no competitive fork to turn to
Nodes are about as "decentralized" as democratic societies.
The same people funding Blockstream are deciding who gets elected in presidential elections all over the world.
It's naive to think just because this is a new system means idea consensus can't be influenced by propaganda, especially when historically the same people have been so successful at controlling the narrative.Jihan is worth supporting for the sole reason of being a lesser evil.
Pick the mafia boss over the banking consortium, the former is easier to topple than the later.
Competition is a key concept of capitalism, which makes it critical to side with David over Goliath so those two assholes waste resources fighting each other rather than one of them crushing you under his thumb.
You watch the whales turn around and dump BCH into oblivion and pump something like litecoin just to fuck with everyone.
Nodes are about as "decentralized" as democratic societies.
The same people funding Blockstream are deciding who gets elected in presidential elections all over the world.Fucking jibberish, mate.
if you consider jihan (backed by chink government), ver (with his hundreds of thousands btc) and co to be david in this fight, youre a fucking brainlet, anon.also, you think that jihan and chinese (masters of brainwashing) do not spread propaganda and employ shills?
you naive little girl, grow the fuck up.
Actually, I just read the rest of the post.
That first line was actually the least stupid part of it.
As you were, mate.>Pick the mafia boss over the banking consortium, the former is easier to topple than the later.The absolute fucking state.
4519728>spamming BTC transactionstransactions with fee are not spam, and even then there's no evidence jihan is doing this>felon Roger Vernice ad hominem>putting up a 10,000 BTC buy wall to prevent BCH from falling below 0.1which is totally legal.>coordinated pumps and constant paid shillingabsolutely zero evidence>mining BCH for months at a substantial loss to pump his shitcoinokay, and this thread is exactly about WHY he would do that.>new DA created specifically to manipulate the BTC marketpossible, but more likely just to prevent the fork being DOA
if theres overwhelming demand for something like bch (as chinklets here love to claim), why did it need eda and daa to prevent it from being doa?sounds like manipulation to me
coding it up for you Literally changing an integer value from 1 to 2Fuck that fucking second testament kike
do you realize how disastrous it would be to have two competing chains share the same difficulty algorithm?
it's the scrypt multipool days all over again.
which is totally legalActually it's not legal.
It's criminal market manipulation as classified by the SEC, but I doubt a felon like Roger would care about laws.Also, let's see.
From the five points I raised, you cite lack of evidence for only two, but let's address them anyway.>>coordinated pumps and constant paid shilling>absolutely zero evidenceHuh.
I guess BCH just randomly started to pump today at the same time Roger put down a 3000 BTC wall at 0.1 and people on multiple trollboxes (Poloniex, hitBTC, discord, etc ...) I read were talking about a coordinated pump today.
What a merry coincidence.>transactions with fee are not spam, and even then there's no evidence jihan is doing thisYeah, because people totally would attach a $100 fee to a transaction containing a $5 underlying value.
That makes sense, and sure isn't spam by Jihan.
no, it wouldnt be.as you said yourself, without eda.
bch wouldve been doa.
there would be nothing disastrous, there would be no bch.
FUCK YOUR MOTHER IF YOU WANT TO FUCK
totally legalCoin needs life support to keep from free falling due to difficulty adjustment it's not about legality.
Holy fuck I called it, it's actually happening!!!
LTC TO THE MOON!!!
Actually it's not legal.I had no idea honestly.
placing a buy order on an exchange is illegal now?>coincidenceuh, yeah, without any better evidence it's just that.
coincidence.
I had no idea honestly.
placing a buy order on an exchange is illegal now?So you're just retarded then?
Placing a buy order without the intent of it being bought is illegal as classified by the SEC.
If the only intent is to push up the price then that is felony market manipulation.>it's just that.
coincidencelol
Chink detected
Why even deal with these wishful thinking cunts who missed the btc boat?
It's just painful to read how desperate these people are to push their speculative basic begging thinking it might actually make them.as rich as those of us pulling out thousands in fiat every day for the fuck of it while still maintaining thousands of coins.
So what I have squinty eyes what's the big fucking deal?
youre the only one having a stroke regarding that, no one else give a fuck about you or you squinty eyes, chink.
4520342>illegal>SECGTFO crypto you statist loving cuck
Hopefully the kikes make short work of your zipperhead.
Good luck winning when the Federal reserve backs Bitcoin.
Jokes on you I'm not actually a chink.
These types of Americans are so fucking tedious.
"Anyone who's more successful than me is evil!"
is such an adolescent way to approach your life.The vast majority of individuals in all industries are not corrupt, and want to build a productive, wealthy, better world.People have got so stupid and radicalised that they flock to the transparently corrupt cartels because "Hey, at least these sociopaths are open and honest about wanting to rob me blind!
Right, guys?"Idiot.
theres plenty of statists everywhere, not just burgerland: its just brainlets who cant think for themselves and demand goobernment to control everything, so they dont have to use their empty heads.
just a balance of power both side are smart and evil
Congrats, you completely failed at reading.
Noice digits my negro
the SEC is the SECURITIES and exchange commission.
It has no authority over coins that are not securities.
Market Manipulation only applies to currencies/securities, so technically it is legal to mess around in Crypto, so suck a dick noob.