Hi /biz/,Remember the IBM announcement of how they were actually already in the proces of using Stellar for international payments?The freshest news is that SatoshiPay is now using Stellar as backbone for their service.A recent AMA with an IBM employee working directly on the whole Stellar partnership revealed that there will be several big announcements of the same caliber coming up in Q4 (soon) and Q1 of 2018.Price is currently silently on the move upwards because of insiders buying pre news.
Stellars' marketcap is big, we /biz/ alone can't move it, but we can profit.
Just a heads up from me towards you guys.
Thanks to /biz/ I got into ETH at around $3,-, giving back here.
Look into stellar and buy a few is my tip, don't wait too long because it's already on the move.
For some magical reason biz doesnt care about stellar.
So we're going to the moon alone mate.
And… pumping :)
I've got 38k steller already.
Is that enough to take me to lambo land?
Did that spike happen before this thread, or for some other reason?
Linking some additional sources to back up my claims:https://medium.com/@SatoshiPay/satoshipay-partners-with-stellar-org-4288ae0baa72https://www.reddit.com/r/Stellar/comments/7bqa37/hodl_alert_the_future_of_stellar_is_bright/https://twitter.com/Robert_BellNZ/status/930246428345208833It's unfortunate, Stellar can easily do a 10x and most importantly: without retracing all the way down afterwards.
There is real value in this coin because it is being used right now by a huge company (IBM) and will be by many more before Q1.
It's value will be propped up by real world usecases instead of the pump and dumps everyone in /biz/ falls for.People lament about missing the Ethereum train, well Stellar is the next up in line.
There's even ICO's coming to the Stellar platform.
Obviously Ethereum has a brighter future but Stellar really shouldn't be overlooked.
Lastly Stellar is so incredibly cheap and close to a well tested bottom at the moment, the risk is very low.
It has been hanging around 0,029 and 0,031 dollars for a long time.
So the current spike is unusual.
I think its related to its fintech stuff in the coming two days.
I think 0.10 is a given and 0.20 USD is very possible within 6 months, obviously it will keep growing afterwards.
We are now at 0.03 USD
Right on their website, every account must have at least 20 Lumens to be active on the network.
If every account must have 20 lumens, how much do you think a Lumen could be worth realistically?Seems unlikely it'll ever be high value coin
Where?I know the online wallet thing has that as an antispam measure.
There are a lot of Lumens so naturally the price per coin will stay relativily low.
We will never see 2.00+ USD Lumen probably unless the whole world starts using it for all payments.
You can however still earn a very solid 10x when Lumen goes from 0.03 to 0.30, which is completely possible.If it goes up to 0.40 USD it's basically on par with Ripples marketcap.
This.ill be so alone whit all gains .
(
i got 300k, may buy more after btc civil war.
xlm is comfy hold
It is indeed comfy as hell.XLM get's punished a lot whenever BTC drops and BCH rises, but after the storm it always recovers.
There is serious buying power behind this coin, I think bigger corps who are adopting it are slowly but continuously scooping them up.Stellar will see a steady rise, I'm pretty darn sure of that.
I stay far away from all the other bittrex and binance roulettes on here, sure there is 50% gain potential, but only for a small club of lucky pumpers.
Most stay behind with heavy bags in low liquidity.
Stellars' rise is based on actual progress.
I think that's what makes holding this coin so comfy.
cant wait to tip anons with satoshi pay
I'm sure many more will adopt Stellar as backbone, it's so well suited for smaller transactions (big IBM sized ones as well obviously.Some numbers:- extremely low fees at around 0.00003 cents per operation- around 5s to final confirmationNext to big corps using it for intercontinental transfers It's basically perfect for the buy coffee with crypto meme as well.
Price still on the move btw.
Hope on guys.
The AMA basically guaranteed a moon mission for this coin.
4363258my favorite investment so far,made a bunch of mistakes as a new trader, but I've been getting better, and been slowly adding to my stack,the bch/btc stuff has been doing some weird things to price action, but once I saw it I managed to find some sweet opportunities, the 10% to 15% drops and immediate recovery within a few minutes has been great for adding to my stack and is giving me some serious confidence in xlm even though the recent uptrend has gone completely sidewise, I mean, just look at these candles, talk about movement
anyone know what's up with the 10% increase in the past 10 hours?
we've made it to $0.035, any new developments?
https://www.ibm.com/think/fintech/singapore-fintech-festival-2017/
looks like a safe place to park my gains from btc/bch
keep an eye on the trend-line at the very bottom of the chart, supper strong support, and a nice upwards direction,we're at a relative high this very second, especially in usd value, so take a second to figure out a good entry point and then be patient
Kraken and Bittrex are freely trading Stellar/Lumen with no problems at all.Yet Poloniex has halted withdrawals and deposits for a couple of days now, trading is still active though.
Supposedly because of problems with the wallet software, but seeing as its working fine on other exchanges I think there's more at play here?
Not sure how to read this, but I do remember there being withdrawal issues leading up to and during the big IBM pump.
doubt it's anything significant.probably just technical issues.
Also kraken sucks ass and is super unreliable for trading, even when there is low traffic and low volume, but that's where all my lumens are, as well as most of my other coins, there free charting software is also pretty frikin great
I too think they started with this during the IBM pump.I'm still mad at them .. normally STR transactions should take several seconds, and seeing that Bittrex had a price difference of more than 100 sat to polo I tried to use that arbitrage possibility, but the withdrawal was unconfirmed for 2 hours, and then finished with an error, so I had to write a support ticket.
I am so happy that the support refunded my STR 1 hour later and I could exit with a really slight profit, could have sold much higher.
you dont use xlm to str, and i am still seeing a difference of around 10 stats.
I primarily use LTC between exchanges.
A bit faster then most options.
eskeetitttt
There's rumours going around of Singapore's Central Bank using XLM for intercontinental/international money transfers.
I haven't seen these rumours spread around much yet so they seem very fresh, thus not explaining the current rise much.I'm fairly sure its insiders buying now.
I set up a private wallet because I knew I couldn't transfer between two exchanges ... well, it wasn't as bad as it could have been, got lucky
>tfw I lost 5% trying to swing trade and chickening outStill 90% in the profit, but it still hurts my feelings.
okay I picked up 2,000+ better be good and you not Pump and Dumping on MEH
It's mooning again
You're already pretty well in the green by now.XLM is a medium term hold though, wait till at least EOY but I recommend end of Q1.
price too high right now
When it reaches two dollars perhaps.
buy at the top of the moon, sell low
Daddy's Home
Stellar is the next up in lineYou spelled Nem wrong.
I'm actually buying and selling candles the entire evening already.
I promised myself not to do it and just hold for the long term, but it's too tempting.