Pre-sale LINKie here.
I got in at 2400 LINK / 1 ETH.Made a beautiful 6x off this coin a few weeks ago.
Sold off 2/3 my bags but am still holding 60k.AMA
No one cares faggot kys

Why aren't you posting these useless threads on Reddit?
posting a picture saying 'im not fucking selling' after saying you sold off 2/3 of your bags
Meanwhile I held 110k all the way from presale until now and i finally gave up and dumped last night.It's literally the worse trade i've ever done and I didn't even technically lose money out of it..
Seriously think I am deluded because even after seeing this coin fall 20% day after day and 8 btc come out my portfolio i still had faith.I finally gave up and sold last night.. call me weak hands or w/e I've already made 30% with powr and bcash in 24hrs that would of just bled more on link.
I'm willing to admit I was wrong and I was deluded, I don't understand the market all the signs were there for a moon mission but at this point it's just not fucking happening.. that graph is just pure death no ones gonna touch this coin until something big happens now
we all sold it and moved on the new thing.
You’re just addicted to trading you could literally forget crypto exists and be a millionaire in a couple years but you rather risk it all chasing moons instead.
Congrats on this, seriously.
I don't understand the market all the signs were there for a moon mission but at this point it's just not fucking happeningAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
This
Bro the ICO sold out in 5 seconds.The coin pumped 10% every fucking day, the product was being developed 4 years before sergey even thought of holding an ICO.
They were and still are the only crypto to ever host a a presentation at sibios and have any sort of actual partnerships with SWIFT no matter how small it may be.They still to this day have paypal, mastercard, visa, bloomberg, sony ect logos on their website.. You simply can't use them to advertise your product in the way they have without gaining permission.Even when I am typing this shit it is just making me want to rebuy in and doubting myself again.. it's easy to shit on link but if any other crypto team had this kind of ammunition it would be shill overload to 1bil marketcap.. look what OMG managed to do with just a couple stickers and reception room selfies in front of logos they had no affiliation with
There’s no investors on this board, only degenerate gamblers.
And when the bubble comes crashing down, I’ll be here, watching you from the bottom of the toilet and laughing.
4505477450554845055954505729>#4CHNallday
Umm yeah it's called being strategic.
And the fact I was able to sell means I turned a profit, which is the end goal here anyway.Obviously I can sell part of my stash and still be "holding", I plan to 10x this money too.
Just sold 100lbs of silver so I can go all in on link.
I hope the price falls further so I can get even more.
Start picking out lambo colors.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
150k here.
these bags are getting heavier by the day
I don't even like lambos but is swear to God that if this works out I will buy a green one with a 4chan leaf painted in it.
I’m going to hold you to that.