The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
To be honest, I watched the interview, and they did not stutter once.
the fuck did you just fucking say about me you little bitch?
I'll have you know the conference yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.
I have a degree in stock markets and I'm the top crypto walrus on bittrex.
Your coin is nothing to be but another pumped dump.
Price has already tanked 10%.
Once it breaks through the $1.50 resistance the panic will begin and small holders and speculators will begin to offload, with the whales already long gone.
You think you can get away with saying it will moon?
Think again fucker.
Once it shoots through the $1 mark, unabated FEAR will ripe through all ARKies.
With all those who dumped their current accounts into this scam twitching at their arsehole continuously while refreshing bittrex.
Your coin is fucking dead, ARKies.
The $0.50 mark will be met, the largest panic in history will ensue.
The final deluded Nodes will begin to go offline, and wagecuckers with their engineering salaries loaded up in ARK will be left with it stuck in their wallet, unable to move it to bittrex to salvage some self respect.
I will move my entire wallet to bittrex and use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable coin off the face of the continent you little shit.
The price WILL tank at this point to sub $0.10, and most probably sub ICO levels.
From that day forward the deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds who bought this coin thinking it had fundamentals will go back to their jobs, with no money in their current accounts, to be made redundant by the next wave of pajeets arriving to undercut their wages.
Deluded ARKies will hold bags FOREVER, with no job, no money, and no crypto.
I warned you ARKies.
There's still time to get out.
Sell NOW.
If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever shilling was about to bring down up you, ARKies mabye you would have held your fucking tongue.
Don't be deluded, don't be an ARKie.
You're fucking dead, ARKies.
Sauce me on the conference.