Honest question guys, how can anyone write this off as a coincide:He was an early bitcoin user and received the first bitcoin transaction from bitcoin's creator Satoshi Nakamoto.
Finney lived in the same town for 10 years that Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto lived, adding to speculation that he may have been Bitcoin's creator.
[9] Finney denied that he was Satoshi Nakamoto.
[10]>guy lives in same town as someone with the name Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto>guy also happens to receive 10 bitcoins on the very first day bitcoin came outSo pic related is definitely Satoshi right?
Forgot to include link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hal_Finney_(computer_scientist)
No.S atoshi N akamoto = S ergey N azarovSmartcontract.com was registered 19 days before "Satoshi's" first blogpost ever.
But then how do you explain the coincidence?
Also smartcontracts were first discussed by Nick Szabo, the same guy who conceptualised cryptocurrency in the 90s.
4360595Although holy shit, Nick SzaboN.
S.Nakamoto Satoshi
interdasting
the truth is we will never find out who the true satoshi was
I am satoshi.
The only part of Hal Finney that makes me think he is not Satoshi is that his family has not accessed his bitcoin stash.
Unless they where fully supportive of leaving them alone or had a secret stash left for them.
No, it's Craig Steven Wright and he supports BCH!!!!!!!!!
Satoshi was a group of people.
No one ever believed it was a single person operating by them self
Ok but Dorian must have been part of the group, or the group must have been based in Coalinga, CA.
Think about it, how weird a coincidence is it that someone with the name Satoshi Nakamoto lived in the same town as someone who received bitcoins on fucking DAY ONE.
How come no one ever talks about this insane coincidence????
Is he still active today?
Would be intersting to know his opion on the things that are happening at the moment
He died in 2014.
This is a good article about the whole story, very interesting desu.https://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2014/03/25/satoshi-nakamotos-neighbor-the-bitcoin-ghostwriter-who-wasnt/#28bb5e314a37
http://oracletimes.com/bitcoin-and-litecoin-moving-in-on-monero-confidential-transactions-ct/
Hard to tell with Dorian.
Hal Finney was without a doubt involved
His coins are stored in a brainwallet.
He will be defrosted in 1000 years and will be the richest human to ever live.
He will own entire solar systems.
Big if true
4360595god damnit you're making me want to buy link.
fucking deluded linkies
Thank you senpai.
Very good article
Anon, these are all false flags.
With hundreds of millions of people possibly being satoshi, your bound to find coincidences out of sheer chance like this.
So far there has not been enough evidence to conclude anyone as satoshi.
Hal Finney has been *confirmed* to be the second user of Bitcoin in history.
Honestly look into it, every source points his way.
The truth about Satoshi died in his mind in 2014.But again answer me this one simple question:We know a bitcoin transaction occurred one day after the blockchain went live, we know Hal Finney was on the receiving end (he showed proof of this via his private keys), we know he emailed a Satoshi Nakamoto (he showed several reports gmail emails from 2009), a Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto lived 2 kilometres away from him.What are the odds of that being 'sheer chance'.
Maybe he did that on purpose to create a false leadThe 'real' satoshi named himself like Finney's neighbour and sent him the first transaction ever so everyone would connect the dots and assume that asian guy created BitcoinEveryone with a brain knows that guy didnt create bitcoin or else he's be dead by nowMaybe Hal vreated it and sent humslef the first transaction so people would assume he was one of the pioneers but not the creatorOr, satoshi is a group of people and knowing Hal would die soon they decided that the leads should point to him, to protect the other members identity
Fair enough, but then we cannot deny Hal must be connected.
And there would be records if that guy changed his name.The only possibilities are:>Dorian made BTC>Hal made BTC and used Dorian as a patsy, or Dorian was part of the collective>Satoshi is an international figure, Hal suggested the psuedonym.But Hal must have been involved in the inception.
Yes Hal is confirmed to be involvedDude received the first ever transaction, thats enough to know he's involved somehowWe cannot know who else or at what level they're involvedDosen't matter though, kind of the point of a descentralized entity is that it cant be connected to a person but it can ve connected to an ideology>muh satoshi's visionBasically
This sounds like it could be an anime or some shit in the future when buttcoins are the new global currency.
Idk why since I barely even watched it but it sounds like some steins.gate shit
Finney is Satoshi, and he is dead.