BCH never catching 0.3 BTC againbitcoin will rule
false
>increasingly nervous bagholdersell now and all your bags will be absolved.
You don't have to go down in flames with high transaction fees, you can have it better
Will there be another bitcoin cash pump?
It literally only crashed because bittrex decided to literally crash
bitcoin is still going down down DOWN which means money is still going to pour into bch until your shitcoin stabilizes.
At the point, we'll pump alts with our bch gains and more money will drain from BTC.
There's layers to this game and you're a brainlet hodler who needs to go back to your reddit censorbox
It literally only crashed because bittrex decided to literally crashActually it was already moving down before Bittrex crashed, I watched it happen
we at .3 senpai road to .5!!!!!
Yes; btc dumps, bcc pumps.
For btc we're likely gonna see it bottom as low as 4800 so that'd likely put bcc at 2100
Were we watching the same Exchange?
It was pumping so hard I could not buy,Then bittrex took a dump.
Cool beans.
and how long will this pumping go on for?
Read somewhere that today is the last day, why is that?
bittrex shut it because there weren't any more sell orders in the book
How longI can't tell you, and anyone who does is full of shit.
It's a highly volitile and impossible to say the full extent of where this surge and purge will take up.
Check regularly, be wary of bear traps, and don't let yourself get suckered by sellers remorse/sunk cost fallacy.
almost 0.4 now
This.
Sell out if you're unsure.
Make a profit.
Don't kick yourself if you could have made more.
Be smart, or you'll never make it.
Yup, my rule of thumb is after a large buy/sell don't check prices for at least 8 hrs.
Your intellect (be it right or wrong) led you to make the first call, but it'll be a much less informed knee jerk if you make a change right after based on price fluctuationsIf worried, get an app that lets you set price change alarms
bch forkmonday in koreabch already on the top 2000 0.3
What's the BCH fork?
Increase in difficulty?
https://www.coindesk.com/confusion-euphoria-bitcoin-cash-30-billion-2000/