I actually used this coin/network, this is not just "FUD", so listen to me and don't get burned by this shit.-All nodes are hard-coded to listen to the IOTA foundation main node, aka.
"the coordinator", they have complete control over your funds and already used this to seize funds in the past.-When you want to do a transaction, you need to do the POW of two other transactions, with my 2013 i3 this takes 4-6 minutes, with my 2017 gtx 1070 it still takes about 20 seconds.
(One main point of iota is IOT [low processing power] machine to machine transactions, with the current state of the POW algorithm, this is obviously not possible.
)-When doing a transaction, there is a ~80% chance the transaction won't ever get confirmed, so if your tx is not confirmed after 30 minutes, you have to "reattach" the tx, aka.
redo the POW.
The transaction is stuck until you reattach it and are lucky enough for it to get confirmed.-You can't send funds from your wallet until you previous transaction is cleared, otherwise you will expose parts of your private key.
(This is not fixable since it's part of the quantum resistance.
)Other problems:-The wallet is absolute shit.-Devs are huge SJWs.-Devs are pro open-border.-The network randomly goes offline sometimes.
just shut up already!
this is not even an alpha!
and dont talnk about things you dont understand and you never will!
faggot
psa op is salty
something something IOT something something alpha something something planning 10 years in the future something something BoschEveryone who's researched into it knows IOTA is a shitcoin.
Any remaining IOTA supporter is a cult follower, and no logic will convince them.
by everyone you mean the shitheads like you?
how about you explain to us why there models and simulation are not working!
IOTA team said that Coordinator will be opensourced as soon as they properly register their foundation.
Turns out it was another lie.
there modelsAverage IOTA supporter.
How dare you insult the only coin blessed by the true prophet (pbuh)!
Right, so when do I sell?
I bought some in September and they've just about doubled in value.
About 36 hours ago.
Sell now, it's repeating the pattern it followed a few months ago.