Do someone earn money on Instagram?I finally reached 53k on my page based on a famous place where I live and I never earned money with it.I d'ont even know how to start.How do you guys do it?
I'm not going to contact hotels and restaurants to ask money for shoutout.I also want to test some other pages with lower follower too.
are you a girl with a big ass?
if not stick to shitcoins
ps: the mentality of the entrepreneur that have locals and hotels here is really restricted.They don't trust Instagram and internet visibility
a guy, 24 years old, tsk
take a photo of your dick or anus .place some product on the picture and ask the manufacturer to pay you.
fiverr people pay for others' influence and their likes and comments buddy, also features/reposts.
uence and their likes and commentsok so how this work?
I send them my number of PayPal and they send money, or there is a site that support the method of contract?
You earn money with advertising.
Contact companies in your local area or even outside of it and propose some sponsored posts to them (their product in a picture/featured) for a set CPM based on average engagement of your content
Athlete newfag here.
You can make money through sponsorship or through advertising and promotion.
Maybe what you need to do if your IG is dedicated to your local area, maybe contact some local tourism businesses and tell them you're interested in promoting them?
It helps if you already have 'some kind' of contact/relationship with them though so they know who you are/know you're not some crazy famewhore wandering in off the street.
Hope it helps!
4392942thank you anon!
create a 'mediakit' with your best posts with statistics in it in a pdf file and attach it to your e-mails.
This will convince companies to invest.
no worries.
if I may ask, how did you get that followership?
just naturally or did you boost somehow?
I started boosting since 15k, then later i had no life, posting photos, going to hashtag on my place and spam like every second I had to load the hashtag, during the day I went outside with a shirt with the logo of my page and I gave away at every tourist a piece of paper with the name of the page and the logo of Instagram.I stopped at 40k and started only shout outing tourist pics on my place and I also made an hashtag of my place that worked well.I Got a lot of tags from many travel blogger but I'm stuck at not growing money
4393171I can confirm after a lot of works and having a lot of follower I never got an income.This is frustrating, also never received any email by companies for partnership.1 week ago I asked to 360 cam developers a partnership but they said ''we are sorry but our cam is for sports'' oh yeah sure, your community buy your cam for traveling not for sports ahahahah
/10 post
Pic related is a cuck lol