...Do something.
nah
Pls give me back my money
The contract with NASA is on the way.
RLC will fly into space on news about partnership with the NASA.
RLC has better branding than most shitcoins, I'll give it that
This.
4248185source
i've never seen a team that is at the same time so incredibly competent from a tech-viewpoint and so utterly incompetent on the marketing side.
they're starting to really piss me off, this project should have a much greater market cap than vaporware shit like golem, but those french frog autists don't do shit to improve its visibility and name-recognition.
fuck them, they're screwing up its potential
The value of their coin isn't their first priority you fucking idiot.They're a competent team that focus on the business/technology; not so hard to understand, huh?
Sorry buddy, but the NDA does not allow me to do this.
Reminder to all linklets; THIS is how you dominate a room.
How do they want to attract developers on their techno if the token AT ALL in months and noone have heard about it?Look at their fucking subscriber numbers on reddit and twitter, I've seen wool fetishist accounts with more followers, like wtf?Also how do you explain that some vaporware shit like Golem, Kyber, Blocknet have fucking x2 or x3 its marketcap and MUCH MORE visibility in the crypto community despite having nothing to back up their claim?Even absolutely shitcoins like DGB or SMART worth more than this thing, their CM did absolutely JACKSHIT in months, the only reason I heard about it because a guy sent me a medium article who wasn't even from them.
All that means is >shut the fuck up and accumulate
this is a rocketship fueling, takeoff soon.
Hopefully Biz is too distracted with shitcoins to notice.
*coughNasaCough*
Kyber yes, but Blocknet is the furthest fucking thing from vaporware.
Blocknet has been devolping a DEX built on their decentralized app platform for over two fucking years, and they've had a functional DEX for quite some time, and in two days they're unveiling the user interface and doing a live demo.
Fud facts bro...
they're on it.
supposedly have hired a very aggressive marketer.
I'm fucking accumulating since October, my bags are fucking full, now the programmer delivered the product the fucking commercials and marketers need to fucking stick their fingers out of their fucking butts do their fucking job and fucking promote it and sign fucking deals with fucking companies.Don't fucking tell me there aren't fucking hundred of thousands of investors read to throw money in this fucking project which literally fucking allies application cloud and blockchain when a piece of fucking shit like pic related raised 120 fucking millions from VC.
i wonder how fucked simple rlc holders will be when vc's step in.
you better fucking believe that they wont purchase rlc and hold it, they'll want some special rights and for fucking sure the french fags will bend over
this is going the be the next /biz/ JUSTcoin after chainlink
i've been holding this token for months and months, you piece of shit.
i'm done with being patient.they're on it my ass.
they "supposedly" have hired an aggressive marketer since more than a month but i see no sign of that.
it's truly dumbfounding, they already have a great working product - which is a development stage that most of other crypto-startups would die for- and they're not promoting it at all.
if they put even the slightest effort in marketing their marketcap would make a 4x without any hussle whatsoever and they'd attract much more attention from the development community.
why the fuck are they so retarded?
Shut the fuck up and accumulate the longer this stays low the better
this is literally a cuck mentality, do you realize that?
fuck you, i'm not planning to be the next chainlink bagholder.
they better get their shit together, and they better do it sooner rather than later
It's already JUST nigger, we are in the swamp since fucking 6 months, the coin didn't pump since JUNE.
I know this project is lit, it's a guaranteed moon, but I want some time to put more paychecks into it
You fucking retard, don't you realize that if nothing happens by mid december this shit will fucking go into a spiral of death?
The next milestone is in May... MAY MOTHERFUCKER!!!
They will release their V2 and there will be NOONE on it outside of 3 dev and one random small french cloud provider, it will be DEAD on arrival.
you don't understand how crypto worksthis.
as i wrote in their AMA, if there's no marketing, there's no incentive for investors to hold the tokens, if there are no investors there are no incentive for the developers community to adopt their product, if there's not a growing ecosystem of developers around the product there are no incentives to attract NEW investors.this is what a spiral of death is, you bunch of brainlets.and what pisses me off the most is that they already have a fucking great working product, unlike all the other vaporware distributed cloud computing startups, so it's just a matter of them being a bunch of fucking autists who refuse to acknowledge the role of FUCKING MARKETING in order to attract the attention of the developer community.
it's literally a level of autism beyond my understanding