WHAT THE FUCKWHAT THE FUCKWHYTHIS IS THE LAST TIME I LISTENED TO YOU /BIZ/
DUMPEDkewp buying shitcoins anon, remember this is your time to sell low
Just hodl you bitch.
Don’t be like me, I bought at 1.50 and sold at 1.30.

lol.It's already going back up you emotional moron.Everything dumped today cause of BTC.
Nothing's changed with MOD.But if you were selling, remind me to send you a thank you card when it hits 8$
I would sell while its this high its going much much lower sub 2500
is that that coin where ownership is actual equity in a real company?how much do i need to generate $10,000 a year ?
Hype is over, move on to the next shitcoin
>read white paper>research team >realize this is a solid project>realize I am too inept to time the market>Just buy and hold>DGAF about daily fluctuations>profit
so fucking this its unbelievable.>real company shows up>traditional investment structure>highly qualified and experienced team>simple yet fascinating business model>working prototypes>hottest technologies (IoT, blockchain)>market shrugsThis beauty is currently valued at 1/5 the price of Walton even though they are at least a year ahead in development.
The crypto market is irrational.
Patience will reward Modum investors.
FUCK YOU FAGGOT.
NOBODY FALLS FOR THIS PAJEET SCAMMING SHIT.
REPORTED
4283571 this
Yeah this one really looks like a winner to me and nobody is even talking about it here.
Might have actually caught this early.
I see only green flags for the fundamentals which is pretty rare so I don't care if it bounces around on it's way up.
OP needs patience and research.
>simple yet fascinating business modelThis too.
I can explain it in like 5 minutes to somebody that has no idea what a crypto even is and it solves a real problem.
Blockchain was made for this kind of thing and it is incredibly useful here, these are early adopters of the tech.
I'm excited for 2018.
Project looks promising.
But before I do further research - are there burning or staking functions?
>tfw accumulating on coss
nobody is even talking about it hereSomeone shilled it on here back when it was at .80 or so.
Then there were some fomo/fud threads when it peaked for a bit a few days later.
The BTC fork that never was caused everyone to forget about it for a while.
I'm already up $3k and am not selling any time soon.
Way to buy ATH.
glad I dumped this and went all in Raiden ATH