Vitalik endorses bitcoin cash????
WTF
Jesus Christ it’s over time to off myself, I bought he wrong bitcoin
See, now you're just exposing your scam by making the same thread over and over.BCH is a PnD, we're not stupid.
This doesn't mean he endorses it.
Maybe he just admires what they've done as one appreciates a good chess move.
Not at all.
He is just a good player, acknowledging a nice move.
holy shitthe fucking flippening is realmy fucking god
Retards don't understand what Vitalik meant.
He's mocking them because he know it's just a joke pump.
ETH will be the eventual and rightful king and there's literally anybody can do about it.
THat's it I'm converting all my ETH to BCH.
he's spoken out against bigger blocks before, and plans on scaling ethereum using off chain solutions similar to the lightning network.
so probably not.
Who would dump Bch if its technologically better than BTC in every way?
And it doesn't stop moving up?You're an idiot coping and in denial.
How's your $7500 per coin BTC investment coming along?
lots of shit coins are better than btc.
why is bcc chosen?
i used to be deluded like you, but then i woke up.
bitcoin was about a revolucion against traditional systems, its pure pottery that it dies to a revolucion itself.
OP literally made the first post trying to make himself sound like someone else.How fucking retarded are you not to be able to see a PnD thread when it happens?Check the catalog, there are two other threads with the exact same shit, exact same cookie cutter responses used for every PnD thread.Fuck, you guys are so delusional it's fucking sad.
You're going to lose all your money.Go back to your Discord, post this and tell them you're constant threads on /biz/ don't work anymore.
Tired of this shit.
Marketing like everything else in life
he is just a good playerthis tweet is also a move by him since he is the face of eth, basically hes saying he doesnt give a shit whos on top
lots of shitcoins are more complicated and thererfore more vulnerable.
Vitalik is actually kind of being sarcastic, he is essentioally calling them out on their manipulationits very high IQ and too subtle for you brainlets.
Jesus Christ.
Someone hold me.
I think I’m going to die from shock.
is Vitalik a PICKLE RICK AND MORTY fan?