Hey /biz/, i am a broke college student and i want to stop being a no-coiner.
I have managed to save about 100€ ( i now it's petty but it's a start ) and i am planning to invest in my first altcoin(s).
Was thinking either Salt, POWR or HST, as i reckon they have some potential.
What are your thoughts on these coins and what would you recommend as an investment for my budget range?
Invest in Alteriunums
same boat as you newfriend, I've put about $250 into my crypto portfolio.
About 100 in HST, 100 in ETH, about 10 in Req and like 30 something in Ripple.
Gonna move some eth out at some point but I dunno where
Post more pure Whites so I can admire
I have heard that diversifying your portofolio this early is bad but i am not entirely sure.
I'm listening...
its not that its bad, its that gains are shityou wont do shit with that $ diversified on those coins.
Say eth pumps 30%, it would take like a week for that to happen.
Congrats you just earned what, 30 dollars?Put it all on a M marketcap coin and pray you chose the right one.
Its the only way with low $
%50 of americans have less than $1k in their saving accounts.
Maybe you should build that first before taking risk in losing your fiat value.
this, even if you moon and cash out at ATH on a couple of coins, your 100 euro will be, what 2k in an ideal world?You need more income, otherwise basically you're just doing a whole lot of work and stress to pay for a month's rent and a few nights out.
Not an American, the money i am talking about are not the total sum of my savings.
4412365Plus i am living with my parents at the moment, since i attend University, so my living costs are ultimately reduced by alot.
So what coin would you suggest anon?
iexec rlc.
probably the most serious coin there is.
google it.
supposed to moon by christmas.
i've already bought some and later will buy a lot more.
>Having only a small amount of money>Putting it in SHITCOINS of all thingsWait for next Bitcoin dip, buy bitcoin and forget about it.
ait for next Bitcoin dip, buy bitcoin and forget about it.Agree with that.
I say traded for months.
And still lost and can't compare with my friend who just bought btc and hold it.
How is it more worth it buying in on Bitcoin with 100 euros instead of moon coins..
go with POWR
Seems like a good idea, but since i have never heard of it during my 5 months of lurking makes me curious.
https://coinmarketcap.com/all/views/all/Take a good look, choose wisely doing your research.
Dont listen to anyone here
This is larp right?100€...bitch get a job...accumulate at least 1-2k, then you good to go.For now BTC /ETH, drop a little in BCH in cas eof another chink pump.
And one more coin...but Im not teling cause Im accumulating kek
becouse there is no hope, there is thread or two a day where holders fellate each other and utterly destroy in a rational argument anyone who dares to insult iexec rlc.
hopei meant hype heheshut it down
No time for wage cucking right now bro.
I am studying full time right now.
I suggest u lurk this board for a weekfamiliar yourself with wallets, exchange sitespeople mostly here shill shitcoins some moon some dont