I put ~20% of my holdings into Ark.
That's about 1000 coins.
Should I start collecting pink wojaks now?
Why?
And wtf is a pink wojack?
You're new here!Awesome!
I get to be the one to explain it to you!!
!Ark is considered a "meme coin" - many believe all the hype is unwarranted and that it's doomed.
Others believe it's going to 100x in 2 years.
Pink wojacks are images that express sadness and depression stemming from poor financial such as terrible crypto trades.
"Buying high, selling low" kinda stuff.
ARK is literally 80% of my portfolio and its far from a meme coin.
All the ark trolling and deluded.jpg meme is literally from ark holders, it became a meme to fud our coin and the studdering potheads pasta, if you joined the biz ark discord you would see they are constantly shitposting and fudding ark ironically
At any rate, I researched the coin myself and I have a pretty good feeling about it.
So I'm in.
Fast transactions, no risk of being controlled by huge miners, and the dev team seems cool.I dont think the mobile wallet will bring out the moon, but I do see good things in the next 1-2 years.
I'm all in.
I have 14,000.In my opinion, we're going to see $40-$50 by summer.
I am new,.... To biz at least.
And thankyou for the polite introduction.
I bought in last week.
10k doge as a fuck around first purchase then BCH when it dipped.
Then accumulated Monero.
Also got bit trying to chase candles in dead coins, Lesson learnt.
Been a fun week.
I have read up on Ark.
After seeing it crop up enough times to annoy..... And while I like the premise and the planned product I question if they have invested enough in a development team to deliver.
Do feel this coin could pull a confido?
I have 1k ARK I hope that's enough for lambo
Holy moly I've worked my way up from 13 to 63 since September.
That's some solid commitment.
Did you vote biz?
Do feel this coin could pull a confido?No.
They're the real deal, they've been adding new devs lately, constantly communicate with the community, and sponsor real events (like the Princeton Hackathon, pic related).Well done anon, it can be hard to accumulate.
And yes I did.
damn.
your balls are bigger than mine.
probably hairier too.
as a rule I never go below a 50% btc portfolio
I've got a good feeling about ARK.
I'm actually thinking about using ARK in one of my upcoming projects.
If I do I'll be buying a lot more.
Come all ye deluded who doth seeketh the holiest of gains, for i will protect thee whomth becometh one with the holy spirit of our great meme coin, for ye will enter upon the kingdom of ARK and live eternally in the land of Lambos and thai hookers.
The people that have been spamming ARK in /biz/ for nearly a year are just faucet users.
Don't mind them they are probably kids that have no income for crypto-currency but understand it will get them rich.It's why people don't really make fun of them when the price tanks for a couple months straight yet they keep shilling it.
We've been shilling it since $0.20.
We've been trying to tell you.
its another one of the rare breed that cant comprehend that every alt lost dramaticly in statoshi value because bitcoin exploded also you fucking moron /biz/ has its own delegate with 1500k voters and a private delegate for whales that hold 25k or more this shit has been shilled here since 20 cents
kek, this
biz ark discordCould I get a link?
Been meaning to join that
delet this.
im still ironically shitposting
 tickets for the ArkDo you cunts think that's enough?
I'm all in with 18000, however if I decided to buy now instead (or even a few weeks earlier), I'd have 40000.
Hindsight is 20/20, anon
k voted would give like 3500 ark a year.
That would be awesome.
18k isn't the worst tho
pink wojaks were invented on biz during what some have dubbed "the great summer"