Hi dudes.I'm from Rome, Italy and I sell insecticides online (mainly to Italy 50% and Germany 35%) How much did you paid last year in taxes?
Do accept it?I don't, but I can't do it otherwise, I sell online and everything is traceable.
I'm trying to meditate, but it's really hard to me to not escape somewhere else
i pay 34ish% income tax in australia.
im ok with it, i really hate having to pay lump sum tax though which is like 45%>leave my old work a few years ago>have a few months holiday banked up>counting on the leave payout to be comfy for a few weeks before i start me new job>government taxes me 45c on the dollar
Do they tax you 45% and then give you the extra money you paid?
ROMA LADRONA
yeah you get some of it back when you file taxes, not as much as i would have liked though.
In effetti, siamo il paese che spende di più al mondo in pensioni (qualcosa tipo il 30%+ del PIL).
[Irlanda -> circa 9%].Comunque, non capisco come facciano in Svizzera a pagare meno della metà in tasse e ad avere servizi eccezionali
*non PIL scusa.
Intendo dire l'ammontare totale delle tasse pagate dai cittadini.
How did you get into the online selling business?
How much time does it take you to run it?
I started 3 years ago.At the beginning, I helped a friend of mine selling on Amazon.
His father helped us contact the producers (which I could've done by myself).
After 6 months my friend left since we had barely any profits (and he also found a job at Deutsche Bank).
I continued selling, the switch happened when I contacted the people that bought most from me and offered them a discount on bulk orders...I always work, but it's easy.
Imagine you play basketball (or play any sport you love), you can train all day but you wouldn't count it as hard work.
I don't really know how to explain it correctly
metti sede all'estero
Mi fanno il culo se mi scoprono.
Ma posso trasferirmi fisicamente all'estero.
Stavo pensando di andare in UK (ho degli amici a Cambridge).
Le tasse la sono la metà.
fai cosi allora, ora paghi 50% di tasse porca puttana
I'm italian too.1) you can do "regime forfettario" until 50k of income.
You need some other person to start this.
It's a VAT free regime, so you sell without IVA (but you have to pay it to your supplier).2) you're doing this with a LLC (srl) right?
You can: cut a lot of personal expenses, giving you less as an administrator and more dividends as shareholder, which means less irpef and inps.3) Check Malta, Ireland, Bulgaria for paying less4) Rome is the shittiest place in Italy.
How can your shippings even escape the traffic from there?
LOL
) I can't.
It's 50k on the whole.
I'm almost 90k.
Services profit from this.
2) Srls.
My accountant is idiot pussy.
He refuses to do any "non-correct" stuff.
I keep him because he's cheap.
But, I found out that he helped "Guardia di Finanza" to anal-fuck one of his customers.
I'll change anyway, even if I don't leave Italy.3) I know good stuff about Ireland (I have no idea about the other two)4) I know.
I use DHL, they're quite good.
I know someone who split the limit between him and his brother, but I know that's a pain in the ass to manage.Change accountant as fast as possible.
I was starting with my parents one, he did not understand a fuck about online.
He was sluggish and didn't respond to question directly.
Now I'm with someone my age who only does this, he's fast and use chats and stuff.
He does 600€ / year for persons and 1500€ for limited companies.Malta is about 8% income tax, but it's difficult to manage.
Bulgaria 10% and life is very cheap.I'm starting now selling on Amazon it.Also use DHL.
They are the only courrier that phones you for problems, all the others have robot and email only services.
This was the main reason to chose them

do you where to start learning some of this stuff my med bro?
Can you rephrase, please?
Thanks for the reply.
Sounds like you just kind of rolled into it.
I imagine sometimes that i'd be nice to have a secondary source of income like this, however, it's very difficult to know where to start - f.e.
you mention that you could have just contacted the producers yourself but it at least takes some knowledge before you were able to do that, i.e.
know which products you could sell and how, etc.You say you always work - you mean that it is a fulltime job for you to run your 20k net profit/year business?
You say you always work - you mean that it is a fulltime job for you to run your 20k net profit/year business?yes
What does the work consist of?
looking for new clients / filing orders / administration / ??
Looking for new clients mostly.
Everything else takes me 2 hours / day
why the fuck are taxes almost 50%?
I don't know.
It's almost always 50% (45% to 55%) on average, no matter what you earn.
But, consider this.
You must pay €300/month in Social Security Contribution even if you earn €0, due to reinvestments, management costs or something else.So, if it happens to earn €3600 or less, you'll pay more than 100% in taxes, you'll go in debt