BCH going back up soon, don't say you weren't informed
I have been hearing this for the last 5 days now
Im ready to stop loss this shit faggots so you better be right.
I can take a 1% loss
I don't know exactly when but it'll be within the next 3-4 hours.
It'll shoot up
Well the next rally just started and should finish up this evening maybe around 8.
If it can't reach 1370 I'm out but if it does I'm going to try and double dip this thing.
I originally bought hoping it gets to 2k.
BCH probably won't pump as strong as it did last week not for a while, but it will still go up, just like a normal coin.It will get closer and closer to 1:1 parity with BTC, don't forget this coin is only three months old and in three months it did:> SURPASSED ETHEREUM> DESTROYED BTC'S VOLUME> MADE EVERY ALTCOIN BLEED, EVERYTHING WAS REDThe reason why the prices are low is because BTC holders are dumping, WHICH THEY SHOULD DO.
Dump the shit out of BCH, so BCH holders will buy more, and profit more later.
it's relative, should have bought at 0.11 yesterday
You retards realize Bch does the inverse of what btc does.
Look at the indicators on large time frames for btc.
Ichimoku, macd, rsi, all day btc will downtrend to low 7000s.
It won't be done in a single candle, but it'll downtrend and Bch will rise as a result.
Once btc has trend reversal, sell your Bch back into btc.
The game is fucking easy
What time frame are you looking at for the reversals?
At least someone else understands why BCH is moving like it is
The whole of last week the graphs were almost perfect mirror images of each other.
They do seem to be decoupling a little now though.
And like with all things, it's true until it isn't.
honestly I hope they do decouple, then reach price parity and we can move on from this shit
I've been seeing it.
The relationship is imperfect but I'm planning on selling BCH for BTC when push comes to shove.Actual value of Bitcoin = xx = price(BTC) + price(BCH)So the million dollar question becomes: is x unchanged in the short run?
Its different on every exchange but on Bittrex there was a slight discrepancy just now.Bitcoin stalled for 20 minutes to see what Bitcoin Cash was going to do.
Now its headed down as Bitcoin Cash goes up.
If Parity is achieved there will be massive FOMO and BCH will achieve what btc should be without the tether inflation.
Larger time frames for macro trends.
4hr, 6hr
Trumpwrong.pngMarketcap is more delusional than holding LINK.
Say BCH volume was 1mil, each worth 300USD.
Now chinks pump it, lift sellwalls and people FOMO to buy few thousends for 1.000 USD.
That makes mktcap go up to 1 billion, while, the actual capital is not even one third.
Tl;dr : BCH can grow beyound your calculation, but it is more dangerous bubble than BTC.
Sry for writing like pajeet.
Fat fingers here
Someone make a better version of this please

Cheers mate
awesome
more like shit fingers, pajeet.
you need to clean your street.
sort yourself out.