In this thread we discuss what is going to happen in less than 20 minutes
Everyone has the preconception that BCH will drop, but won't it go up since it will be harder for miners to dump?
Especially considering many of the nearly 200k transactions are probably just people trying to flee Bitcoin.
Either moon or crash
I am thinking it wont dump because everyone is expecting that.
But we will see in 10 minutes
link to this website?
Especially considering many of the nearly 200k transactions are probably just people trying to flee Bitcoin.Or an attack on the network
BCRASH IN 7 BLOCKS
fork.lol.yourlinkgone
I think that Ver is going to try a pump.
quality post thanks
LINK: https://fork.lol/https://fork.lol/https://fork.lol/
If it was gonna dump, it would have already based on this info
THREE BLOCKS REMAINING
AAAAAAAAA THAT SELL WALLITS GOING DOWNNNNNNNNNN
qt jap in swimsuit + digits confirm BCH to $200 Canadian
https://fork.lol/check out the market depth on PoloniexBUYERS MARKET
So what happened?
BTC is more profitable to mine nowhttps://fork.lol/
Here we go.
BTC 2.33x more profitable for now.
Those are some nice red candles i see there.
Back to 1000 and rebounce.
Put me in the screenshot.
BTC already recovering.
Nothing happened?
NOTHING IS HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Less than 5 minutes remaining.
Put your money into the real bitcoin and you will moon.
Choose the wrong one and you will lose it all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fwWS6Xo1go
Was it actually priced jn this time?
wtf!
>https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsHopefully these can start going down ffs
Where's the pump?
Not many people know about the background stuff of crypto.
BCH is not sensitive to the difficulty because the mempool is not fucked.
Why would you expect anything?
lol now nothing will happen for a while
But miners know.
And so far BCH still has more hashin power although everyone knew the switch was going to happen
good for alts
BTC will recover now, right?
Right?
No.
All those unconfirmed txes are people who want to LEAVE BTC NOW.
Expect steady price drops over the next 24 h.Really though it's going to be amazing seeing that mempool get drained off.
180k unconfirmed txes geez...https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#2d
Nooooo i am already down 12k please tell me this isn't true.
And now lets guess how high this number will go before it goes down.
If that ever is going to happenMy guess 220.000
post blockfolio first.
Bitcoin gold website was DDOSed.Korean exchange was DDOSed strategicall during the flippening attempt.All in favor of core.Seems like the TX clogging was done by core, seems to allign with their modus operandi.
you dont think the miners want unconfirmed transactions so when it becomes more profitable to mine there will be all those transactions for them waiting there?
So how long will it take to confirm these transactions?
LMAO ITS PUMPING COREKEKS BTFO
My guess what's going to happen next:Miners will mostly stop mining BCH; the bitcoin mempool will drain and lots of folks load onto exchanges.
Price will drop as lots are getting scared and leaving for fiat.They will then wait for the next difficulty adjustment on BCH.
As soon as that happens, BOOM PUMP AGAIN BABY.
And the same shit will happen to BTC: dropping, 200k unconfirmed txes, etc.Every time they do this they destroy confidence in BTC and make the case for BCH being more convenient.
174k nowoh fuck Bitcoin to 10k screencap this
Dunno man.
This is so weird to watch.
BTC is more profitable to mine but BCH still has more hashing power and the number of unconfirmed txs is still going up
what the hell was that lol
you may be right HOWEVER,if youre a new trader, you want to HOLD your position instead of keep selling and buying back.dont loose your capital making stupid trades trying to be greedy.\!1!!!!!!
AAAHHHH BUT WHICH ONE IS THE REAL BITCOIN ?!?
>clock ticks, price movement not showing major strength in either directionAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH>Buys an entire BTC(literal depiction of what I actually did)
BTC has mined 4 blocks in the last 10 minutes, BCH one.https://www.blocktrail.com/BCChttps://www.blocktrail.com/BTC
1.
How the fuck is BCH still not dead?2.
Why is BTC still bleeding?I'm really going to opt out for fiat wtf
Cuck devs are in denial
Post the right one anon.
That one is a phishing scam.
This is the legit one.
fork.lol.yourlinkgone/index.php
BCH difficulty readjusts tomorrow.
If it doesn't moon today, it will tomorrow.
I expect BTC to rapidly drop as those unconfirmed transactions come in and people dump.
Or maybe, since this is what everybody expected to happen, the exact opposite will occur?
I dont like this.
Its either gonna explode or drop like a hot potato in the next minutes.
Will wait.
This guy is a PR sensationShitting on an influential core supporter, it being the litecoin dictator.
ITS PUMPING NIGGERS!!
!WERE STILL ON, OH FUCK YES!!!!!!!!!
kek but true
This is exacly what i thoughBch is the new king, at least for the next few weeks
People who have BTC on their wallets can´t dump it because their transactions wont confirm if they want to send it to an exchange
volume really died down since the adjustment.. huh
Its fucking dying slowly u fucktards.
Life support battery dies in 5 min
But that would mean we should be in BTC now.
Not BCH.
Dude people expect things to moon because of memes.
You are already miles ahead of 80% of the money.
Just follow the whales and ride the waves.
Good gains to be had in bch.
Nice pump you have going on there.
Seems like the TX clogging was done by core, seems to allign with their modus operandi.Explain
Seems like the TX clogging was done by core>Intentionally sabotaged their own coinWhat?
Yeah, if I were the miners who are pushing BCH, I would be mining BTC right now to allow people to get onto the exchanges.
Any BTC loaded onto an exchange is either sold or held, so confirming those txes only can drive BTC price down.
People couldn't move BTC > BCH during the failed assassination.
This could be a factor that saved the king today, one of them.
The biggest one ofc being Bithumb dying.
people are actually this retarded>what is profitabilitypricedinmeme.jpeg
How do I move BTC to BCH?
This is my chance
Or keep an equal amount of both and minimise riskI would honestly only consider trading if I were willing to participate in the pumping and dumping.
Putting everything into one for hodl is extremely idiotic given the extreme uncertainty.
Might as well cash out into like Monero or fucking fiat
Lateral transaction (between crypto) on an exchange.
And shouldn't we be in BTC now?
Bittrex
Slap your balls together three times and wish for it to happen
I have BTC I just want to get a little BCH.
Since I believe it will at least surpass what is now.But I do have to buy BTC first to exchange it correct?Using Coinsquare, most exchanges don't work in Canada.
Or keep an equal amount of both and minimise riskfucking thisi've held BTC since before august, and that have both coinswhy the fuck not hold both?get it together, goys
But I do have to buy BTC first to exchange it correct?I mean most exchanges also offer direct BCH/fiat trading (mostly USD, some EUR, a few GBP and/or RUR).You said you already own bitcoins, but assuming they're on your own wallet and not on the exchange, you're shit out of luck because BTC is fucking clogged due to all the miners cucking out to mine BHC right now.
In other words, you'll either have to pay like $20 transaction fees or you'll be waiting for literally 2+ days.
The bitcoin cash hardfork was made to prevent this tards.It new recalculates the difficulty every 10 minutes by using the last average of 400 blocks.This will stop the spikes and chink miner abuse.
You said you already own bitcoins, but assuming they're on your own wallet and not on the exchange, you're shit out of luck because BTC is fucking clogged due to all the miners cucking out to mine BHC right now.
In other words, you'll either have to pay like $20 transaction fees or you'll be waiting for literally 2+ days.Yeah, cold wallet.
I'll be using CAD so I might just be fucked anyway.
Might just have to hold due to necessity.I avoided cryptos for until a few months ago.
Should've just stayed out.
This shits a headache, never been so distracted by graphs.
BCC IS CRASHING I REAPEATE IS CRASHING
What I'm saying is that 99% of miners can leave BCH and it won't affect pricing.How is profitability supposed to affect price, except for a fucked up currency like BTC where the wrong profitability means nothing gets mined, tx fees and waits go through the roof?
Should've just stayed out.Depend on how many month is "a few" you probably already made like 500%+ profitI got like $130 BTC which gave me 0.1. in march - so now, even with all this shitshow, I've got about $620BTC and $130BCH
no its not faggot
This will stop the spikes and chink miner abuse.are you fucking retarded?
how can it stop miner abuse when it still has asicboost?the sooner this shitcoin dies, the better for the whole cryptoworld
transfer bitcoin>took literally 10 minutesk unconfirmed
I wonder which coin attracks more people.
The coin that is market as digital cash or the one marketed as "store of value" where you don`t do anything with it because it is too slow and expensive
I wasn't going to put anything substantial.
When I entered crypto I agreed to only 10% of worth max.
To put that in perspective, after a generally shitty financial year for me 10% is easily gained back from 2 weeks of work.
I've done a few purchases, increments starting from early sept to my biggest one last week and semi big one 2 days ago.This has taught me how much I don't know about cryptos.
If I bought years I would have lost way way more though and be stressing way harder.
I make a good wage, the profits I made are very minimal.
I'll stay in probably just because I can take the loss.
But I will probably go with something like a 80/20 BTC/BCH ratio and just leave it alone.
It's more like this: The coin that has been known for years.A new shitcoin manipulated by a korean exchange.
how about the one that isn't entirely controlled by chink miners and roger scumver?how about the one that is implementing real scaling options that will expand the options and use cases, not just crappy bandaids that will need to be reevaluated in 6 months time?
lol seriously, it's delusional how corecucks defend btc transaction costs
I tell my friends there is the old and slow Bitcoin but now they upgraded it to the fast Bitcoin Cash.
Not that difficult
Most core cucks are at denial, some are at anger already
4326100Why can't there be two?
Like at a bank I don't use my investments to make purchases, I use a chq/savings account or cash.Could two coins not be used in conjunction this way?
Coin to park money, coin to use it.
My RRSPs (Canadian 401k) suffer tax penalties if I withdraw before retirement so I don't withdraw so it's not problem.
The same could work for BTC tx costs no?
You realize we can see your id, don't you shill?
Why do you want 2 if you can just use 1?
Why make it more difficult.
So 1 is just for sitting around and doing nothing and the other one does everything else + being a store of value.
Where do you think value comes from
Sure; but you don't have enough friends.
Sure, like now, but to literally overtake it.
Years of free advertisment worldwide.
Nah, not going to happen.
Enjoy the hype and the pump and dump though.
Why is BCH rising and BTC crashing?
Core shilling is accepted, defending BCH is forbidden.
ok
am i having deja vu WTF
There will be a usage for BTC and BCH and many more as well.
The universe is built in a way that it things "find their place/use".
I don't think it will be the garbage heap for either Bitcoin brother.
More like BTC will be low volume, high fee, big payment processor and BCC for many small transactions for low fee.
I do believe they will co-exist but BTC will in the end be more valuable, e.g.
easily 100.000,00+ USD / Coin in a few years whereby BCC may be stuck at few hundreds per coin.
Like at a bank I don't use my investments to make purchasesI like the way you think
Why do you want 2 if you can just use 1Not a reality apparently.
There can never be one, it would be better to make coins work in conjunction with each now.Even if it overtakes, you will have to be on the look out all the time to make sure BCH doesn't get overridden by something else.
Correction was due.
BCH rises because every shitcoin rises when BTC drops.
You realise he hasn't samefagged once, shill
If i tell you the truth people will call me a shill, but the reason is obvious.
Have you tried sending BTC in the last weeks?
It costs too much is slow.
Every alt could overtake BTC but BCH seems to be the first
Is that sarcastic?
I'm not sure what you are implying?
BTC Sub 6000post wojacks
4326376IT WAS PRICED IN RETARDS
fuck off you cock sucking coreKEK
>BTC sub $6000>BCH pumping again
No sarcasm, I agree with you.
I look at bitcoin more like an art peice - I buy it to store value and sell it years later without it being inflated away.
Other smaller, faster coins would be better at transaction speed so would be better for buying morning coffee
Every fucking crypto is deflationary until max supply is reached.
Your argument is nonsene.
The only reason people hold on to BTC is because it is worth the most
BTC @ 5850 how low will it go kek.
BTC cucks will get a small moon or plateau again and then it's further downwards from here
So you would agree with certain coins specializing with different uses?
The other anon was kind of right though, if people just store and don't use it then how does it maintain or gain value?
Everybody would have to be on the same page for usage.
Using a bit of cash for spending and parking the rest whenever there is a dip.
>be me 2 days ago>laugh at /biz/ asking when are you going to start posting pink wojaks is lowest it gets, i'm a daily trader trust me bro>next day is a support line, won't go any further>in 2 hours muh fibonacchi, read a book>today>its totally not crashing with no survivers 5800 is the limit, i'm a whale with 100000000 coins, trust me brocan't wait for more pink folk
Loosen your underwear elastic you numptyI would, and I would say it's inevitable: nation states are guaranteed to issue national alts given they extract run sales/value added taxes from the centre rather than rely on retailers remitting it.
Downside is getting taxed, upside would be speed.
A coin without those features has plenty room in such a world.>if people just store and don't use the *Mona Lisa* then how does it maintain or gain value?The point is to have an untouched value available later, not a specific dollar value.
It just so happens inflation guarantees that it will maintain or gain value
4326547Guys, just zoom out your charts.
This could easy drop another 2000$
Adjustment is on 13th.
Who here margin calling to fuck BTC into the earth?
i'm definitely not defending btc and it's obnoxiously slow and expensive transactions.
but BCH is not the solution to the problem.
at best it's a postponement of the inevitable with a lame bandaid, at worst it's the definitive nail in the coffin that will give control to one mining organization
if people just store and don't use the *Mona Lisa* then how does it maintain or gain value?The fact that someone is willing to pay money for it, prestige of owning, society placing value on it for whatever reason.
I just disagree that people will want a bitcoin in 200 years just cause it's a bitcoin.
Not because it's a bitcoin, because it's rare.
>short 500,000 USD of both BTC and BCHx leverage>no stop loss
Does anybody know what Roger Ver is going to do with his Bitcoins that he moved to Bitfinex?Dump them and buy BCH?Or is it a trap?
How about the one that is entirely controlled by corporate bloxkstream?
You realise there is a liget reason for these attacks, BTC is no longer the people's coin, we are forced to rally behind cash
bruv
from what i've read 8 mb blocks is a satisfactory solution for a few years, while ln is what?
1.5 years away?
Idk, maybe you're right.
I just can't imagine having company over one day and showing everyone your bitcoin from 60 years ago on a old ancient hard wallet.
BCH blocksize is dynmic, so only the base block size is 8MB and can implement second layer solutions(sidechains)
when he dumps them, you'll know right now isn't the time, but when things align for a massive move... oo boy
Chicks dig financial responsibility - they'll drop knee and blow your ancient carcass to know its there
A hardfork would be made I guess.BCC guys experimented with 1 GB blocks with success internally, so they say.
imagine spamming the network and it starts putting out 100mb+ blocks instead of dropping transactions after a while
Ver has always been a huge proponent of Bitcoin Cash.
He's kind of a nutty libertarian, but so it means he really, really hates Blockstream.I'm guessing he'd try and dump them.
If he wants Bitcoin Cash to succeed, dumping all of those funds would dramatically drive up the price while harming Bitcoin.
And if it pushes things closer to the flippening, he could triple his money or better.
asicboost?lmao you seriously fell for the asicboost meme
4326779It was a ruse to FUD.
He knows that BTC will always win and he knows that Btrash is completely garbage
miner abuse>he thinks miners are "manipulating Bitcoin" when things don't go the way Blockstream wants it to!
And, derp, you can comfortably fork to larger blocks for a few years after that.
If he really wanted to sell he'd divide his bitcoins up across multiple exchanges and market sell at the same time.
Not kill one exchanges order book.
Also, he wouldn't make it obvious.
Don't worry about what you see worry about what you don't see!
BCH can adjust block size without forking, core cucks always keep that a secret from everyone.He did that
How about you stop defending core and start demanding them to implement a scaling solution in the form of slightly bigger blocks until their fucking vaporware LN is ready.
WHY THE FUCK CRIPPLE THE NETWORK RIGHT NOW TODAY FOR NO REASON AT ALL?!
There is absolutely ZERO reason to not raise blocksize to 2MB for example while these second layers get ready.
All the support for BCH would quickly be gone if they would just budge an inch.Blockstreams patents or sidechains wont be worth shit to them or anyone else if the coin is dead before they are even ready.
Those neckbeards might know how to write some code but holy shit are they ignorant about everything else.
Also, he wouldn't make it obvious.If you can't send BTC transactions with any speed it's really unclear how he could make it less obvious.
He can't mix the coins or anything else without more delays.
WHY THE FUCK CRIPPLE THE NETWORK RIGHT NOW TODAY FOR NO REASON AT ALL?!
There is absolutely ZERO reason to not raise blocksize to 2MB for example while these second layers get ready.The answer is really obvious- core has to keep the network so crippled that there's persistent demand for their paid off-chain solutions.
If transactions were really cheap there wouldn't be any demand for their solutions.Raising the blocksize to 2MB would be admitting that on-chain scaling actually is possible and totally fine.
All of their arguments about this causing "centralization" would then go out the window.
Disinflationary*
You idiot you should buy Bitcoin (C4$H)
so crippled that there's persistent demand for their paid off-chain solutionsTHIS!This is why we say BTC is getting crippled by a bunch of SNEAKY FUCKING JEWS.I bet Blocksteam isn't even holding much BTC right now, they're just going to fuck over everyone who believes in them.
That's true, but of course there will be absolutely no demand for their solutions or services anywhere if they manage to fuck up the entire market by letting idiot normies think that btc can be overtaken just like that in marketcap
I CANT HODL ER MUCH LONGER CAPT'N
haha they are barely holding anything at all, every single one of them were too stupid to buy btc early.
Adam Back even said there is no way bitcoin would work when he found out about it in the beginning
>waiting for verification on quardriga to go throughI'm not gonna make it.
I wouldn't ruling out BTC magically getting a sudden 2MB HF as soon as Core starts to panic.
all those unconfirmed txs are people who want to LEAVE BTC NOWthey sure don't want to leave badly enough to include a tx fee over 5 satoshis
I like your picture anon
they sure don't want to leave badly enough to include a tx fee over 5 satoshisSuggested fee is currently 950 satoshis/kb.holy fuck.
youre welcome to join us anytime, brother
I hope so, then all this drama can be put aside for some time
If core forks they will loose all credibility they have left.
BTC has to hold now or they are fucked
thank that chink jew for spamming the network with 0 sat transactions just to clog up the mempool
Haha
 sat transactions would do absolutely nothing to cause the 1000 sat/b state we have right now.What caused it is 1) lack of miners, and now 2) a bank run.
It's like there's a giant $100 billion bank and they only left one tiny side door available for everyone to get in and out of the building.
Even wallet providers are telling people not to use BTC anymore