Can you guys help me report all his videos and report his channel???
There's gotta be something we can do to /shutitdown/ this ugly fuck can't keep scamming gullible retards and then feeling like he's accomplishing something.
I truly despise this turd Cheeto headed fuck and Craig wright.
Honestly hope they both die painful deaths
Cheeto headKek thx for the laughYeah i hate his face too.
Fucking same expression on every thumbnail spammed everywhere
Just click "not interested" whenever you getvthe suggestion.
This dude makes my blood boilSomeone called him out on his shit on twitter and let me summarize the responses>you only call him out cuz he black!>he dindu nuffin!>lmao white boi mad, satoshi nakamoto was black nigguh
How all of his BTC hasn't been hacked yet is mindblowing
>nigger defrauds other niggers of their welfare moneywhat exactly is the problem?
pol fag jealous of the rich negro.
Report him to the FBI and Bitconnect to the SEC.
Let's send them all to jail.
this
numale face is even worse on a blackthen again, what isn't
I don't really give a shit, he can do whatever he wants.
He seems to not be able to handle any kind of critizism tho, that last passive aggresive video really made him look like a limp dick nu-male
romano
Has anyone reported him to the IRS.
I am sure they would be interested in him turning 100 into 1 mill
Focus on yuor own finances you jealous fuckwadsHe is clearly superior to all you losers
I know Ponzi schemes are illegal but is participating in them illegal as well?
And because he's black, he gets more pussy than yiu
Umad whyte goi?
ELI5 why Bitconnect is a scam.
Trevon itt confirmed!
Y’all just hatin on a young rich niggaHe’s prob made more shekels shilling shitconnect then you have made in your entire career trading
Does bitconnect work?
I don't care if it's a scam.
I am interested tho, interested in his failure.
I want him in the fucking dirt
Its a scam but it works!
got my capital gains back and making house money.
invested 1000, got that all back and making $50 bucks a day for 65 days now anon.
fucking pajeet money nigger
Oy vey, muuuhhh dick, and I guarantee I've been with way hotter women than that fucking mongrel
satoshi nakamoto was black nigguhWE
Ponzi winners have their earnings taken and distributed among the loses in the us