I must be the biggest fucking idiot here in /biz.
After seeing so many fucking coins moon and a lot of millionaires being made, I have decided to jump into crypto and hopefully change my life for better, instead of being some office slave.
What coins will give me the best shot of becoming financially independent?
I'll be putting $60K into crypto.
LINK.
REQ.
ETH.
Hold for at least 12/18 months.
DYOR to confirm you believe in what they want to achieve.Also COSS for dividends.
Volume is growing - once there is significant volume you will receive a nice daily ETH payout.
Use this passive income to live or reinvest.
Yes of course let me just check my crystal ball
Put 10k or more into chainlink, you wont regret it
% ETH30% XMR20% LINKWildcard: MonaCoin instead of LINK.
It's about $3 right now but it has potential and I never here /biz/ talking about it.
The Japs really love it, and is in use as a currency in Japan since the yen is taking a hit; the government permits its use.
It's a copy of litecoin, but updated.
I see it doubling within the next 4 - 6 months.
Don’t go all-in on anything.
I would advise no more than 20% in any single holding, no matter which you choose - and going all-in on multiple cryptos is still not a good strat.
I recommend doing any of this shit only on top of a foundation of actually intelligent, conservative financial knowledge and planning.That being said, hodl LTC for stability and good tech (i.e., like a value stock), BTC for growth, and maybe one other YOU think is good.
Spend some time on here and see how these retards will lose their minds praising one thing, then do a 180 in two days, and then repeat.
If you just want to gamble, counting cards is faster, poker is more fun, and roulette (and baccarat, if you aren’t tired of Asian shilling from this board alond) gives you the closest to 50/50Good luck
If you weren't LARPing you would have already known which coins to invest in by being here.
No one with 60k is going to make their decision exclusively off what some anon posts on this thread.
kys faggot
d to jump into crypto and hopefully change my life for better, instead of being some office slave.
>What coins will give me the best shot of becoming financially independent?
I'll be putting $60K intoeverything into bitcoin, it will reach 10k by next week and one million dollars by 2020
Before getting retards to shill you coins that will make you lose your capital, check this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6MEveryone starts out just wanting to "hodl".
After you see how easy it is to hold the wrong shitcoin you'll realize that you want to keep liquidity.
Trades on big moves on coins like BTC are the way to go.
If you're smart you do it, if not you'll lose a lot of money first.Another tip: Don't put in all of your capital in one trade, it might go lower.
% monero50% btc5% gamble
Xrp
btc still has no reason for being 6.5k
Coss
Make a list of every coin shilled in this thread and never buy any of them.
Also buy link
Diversify, not between only crypto but a combo of high and low risk investments.
You'll want a retirement fund, mostly index funds.
You'll want a short term portfolio for saving up for a first home/income property, medium risk high liquidity.
I would put at most 15-20% in higher risk stuff like crypto and then that itself should be reasonably diverse.
BTCBCHNEOOMGXMRLINK
BTC+ETH+OMG+ARK
I have a crypto question I am managing two accounts but would like to use blockfolio (or a clone) for both.
One is more of a long term hold so I won't need to check it too often.
The other I'd like to use blockfolio and it's more for day trading.
Any suggestions?