Im so amazed of all the people getting rich out of crypto currency.
I want to congratulate all that are getting the money they deserve.
For me i am becoming depressed they delayed my payments i cant even pay my bills.
Thats how downhill my life went.
I want to just start a new life I dont want to beg but can i get advice what to do.
And if someone wants to donate that would be amazing.
I want to invest but i dont have more then 5$ if i can do anything with that give me advice.Im desperate.
Help...
Give more info on your situation.Where do you live?
Country?Town/Rural?
Owner/Renter?
Revenues?
Spendings?
Age?
Childs/Wife?
4447499wat
Sorry im scared of someone getting my information.
If you want we can talk trough gmail or something.
Ill tell you my country.
Its Slovenia.
more then 5$THANYou mean THAN, not THEN
Sorry.
My mistake.
Slovenia% annual GDP growth% unemployementWhy can't you pay your bills?
.
Get a job2.
Invest your salaryCongrats, those are the two things you need to do.
Thats a lie.
It actually says on the internet our average pay is 1600 or smtg like that i dont know anyone with that much money.
My salary per month is 750€.
I pay 250 for rent.
Cause i help my family i give my parents 100€ and the bills come up to 200€ and food and drinks and also ciggaretes and im broke.
Sorry i should have never begged.
If you want to talk more write on Tar9ik@gmail.com ill tell you more about myself..
quit drinking and smokingthats money thrown out the window
Nah i dont drink alcohol thats ok.
I drink water and juice.
And i smoke cause im addicted.
I try to stop but i cant look if you want more info write on my email cause i dont want to share anymore info here
try to stop smoking, if you dont have your will under control then you also dont have success in money related thingsyou need discipline, try to get a good job, educate you, save every month a bit and invest this money in long term stocks etc.live economicalgood luck to you
Thank you.
I will try..But for the education and that im a Programer.
I hate to ask but can i get a donation or something so i can get my life started again.
If you dont its okay i wont be mad haha
You either change your salary or you change your lifestyle.
Stop being a weak willed faggot and start adjusting your living situation.
Start with the small things.
Stop pissing money away on cigarettes, if you don't you deserve to be homeless.
Start buying more high value foods and same cash there to pay down any debts you may have and use that opportunity to start actually accumulating some savings.
Look for a cheaper flat to rent.
Nobody here will magically help you unless you want to help yourself first fag.
Programer z 750€/mesec?
For anyone that would like to help me.out and send bitcoin send to this adress.1CqXDvcKKti6DZeedUiW25PYBd5tVdXTv3
Ya.
:/ thats how it is.
But otherwise im just happy i have a job some of my friends dont even have a job
Aaa sele zdj sem se zavedu da si slovenc.
Ja pac nevem a me jebejo kej?
Ker ko povprasam okol mi recejo da je tk normalna placa za programerja?
you will not want to hear this, but if you really want a better life you'll do it.
you have to change your mindset.
first, you have to admit that you are solely responsible for being in your current position.
once you accept this, forgive yourself and move on.
it may seem overwhelming, but remember, your thought patterns got you here, they can get you out.
control your mind/thought patterns and control your life.
you're halfway there since you are congratulating others' successes; you just have to know that you deserve good things too.
any other questions on this topic, i'll be glad to help.
t. former poorfag
Jesus stop being such a faggot OP, at least you have a job and earn more than most people in the world.
Fucking beggars with zero will power.
I quit smoking 2 months ago because I noticed it cost me too much and it was money thrown away.
Get your shit together and stop begging like a faggot
Yea thanks for the advice.
In this city i live in there is no cheaper flat.
Oh and no need to offend anyone lol haha.
Step 1.
Quit 4chanStep 2.
Quit Investing (especially Crypto)Step 3.
Get a jobStep 4.
Increase your worth on the job market (education, experience etc.)
Step 5.
Pay off bills and debts (Get your fucking shit together)Step 6.
Come back to /biz/Step 7.
Start investing againStep 8.
Dont get fucked up again
 je placa brez prevoznih in hrane?Odvisno kaj pocnes.
C++?
Java?
Python?
Splet?
Telefoni?
Desktop?Jst sem poštar mam jurja.Programer bi moral met vsaj jurja place.Jst programiram v prostem cajtu, kolega je bil front end dev pr eni mali firmk je dobu jurja.
Drug kolega dela nek v lublani, vecinoma kar on dela zavzema css in html, baje tud nek jurja dobi.Kaj delas?
Looks like you genuinly want to help.
Yeah i understand everything you said.
And totally agree.
But the problem with me is that i help everyone about anything but i dont think about myself enough.
Ill try..
Oh and no need to offend anyone lol haha.Go back to plebbit and don't look back homo.
I'm sending you an email from a throwaway.If you're really a programmer and have decent skills I can hire you and pay in BTC or ETH.Get a PGP key and let's talk
Dont "try.."!
Get off /biz/ and start living the normie life.
Being a normie sucks but it's better than what you are right now.
Follow my steps, get back to /biz/ and invest wisely!
i used to be the same way.
i thought if i didn't help people, i was being selfish and then i wouldn't receive help.
then, i realized i can help more people if i'm more financially stable.
my advice, get yourself together first and get to a place, financially, where you feel comfortable helping others.
i hope that makes sense
start living the normie lifeexcellent advice - great way to save money
I'm going to text you the golden key right now so listen carefully: a.
QUIT (4chan, smoking)b.
Double your salary!
(WORK FOR IT!
Dont invest if you have less than 70$ per month for yourself, and for the love of god DONT GO ALL IN)c. dont invest in cryptod.
I SAID DONT INVEST IN CRYPTOe.
Invest in businesses (especially in the USA), you can even take fonds if you wantf.
get back to /biz/g.
start investing in crypto (not more than 1% of your monthly income)
Lol ti kekec, kaj se ti je zgodilo
Od kdaj ste slovenci na /biz/, the fuck
So start a new life.
If you're single it's easy.
The only time I understand someone being desperate is when they have dependents they are responsible for.
If you're single there's no excuse, you can just east ramen for a few weeks and sleep in a tent if you absolutely have to until you can save up a stash of cash
Inb4 /biz/tards are secretly all Slovenians
kek lepo vidt slovence na bizu, iz kje si OP?
Sent OP an email offering programmer work for BTC 3H30 agoStill no answer.
OP is a faggot
Don't congratulate anyone they just got lucky once in their lives that's it.
0 merit, anyone can do it.
Brdo a si to ti?
pa kok je slovencov na bizu?
hahaha
Ni čudno, če ma pa Bitstamp jumbo plakate po Ljubljani.
nobody actually got rich here dumbassAt most, some retard indian 10x his $7
Wealth is about relativityIf you make 50% of avg salary, you need to adjust so youre spending 25% of everyone else.Its really not that hard.You can eat off 50/month.
Plenty of resources that teach u how to eat cheap, nutritious, and yummyMake computer ur only entertainment expenseAnd use internet to learn how to increase ur income
hahaha slovenski pederu gori u paklujk