Guess who won the Cobinhood Votehttps://medium.com/@Cobinhood/and-the-winner-is-this-is-the-crowd-favorite-token-2da2f87831d2
Seriously what's stopping this thing from exploding?With the non stop news we getting and the development progress I think this thing should be worth at least 1B marketcap.
Ark has so much going for it with plenty more to come it really has the potential to be the next big crypto.
reckon it needs at least one of its main features to be released b4 it really goes big and people take notice.
push button blockchains or ArkVM or something.
That's not huge, but Cobinhood has potential and it was a great communty effort so I'll take it.
Everything helps.
Ark has massive potential.
The fact that ark is STILL behind Lisk on coinmarkecap should be a crime at this point
4295474I really gotta assume it's because the devs don't hype ANYTHINGthey just quietly release and update shit I think they want to have a mostly functional product before they market but the price being this low is still annoying
ark is gay
wait til the greedy chinks have finished fucking everything up
I'm literally retarded, can someone explain to me what ARK is supposed to do in the most basic fashion possible?
Push-button blockchains and gib u monies from staking
ark is supposed to be a better lisk, which is supposed to be a better ethereum (javascript as the contract code lang, proof-of-stake)
hey anon, heads up.
DYOR before investing.
There's a lot of people who are holding Ark.
But there's also a lot of people who want to keep the price down for a few months , if you DYOR you'll see why.
4296504Thanks for the info, if I can i'll try to get some money into this coin even though I'm too tech illiterate to understand how it all works because of the community behind it
infinite seamless currency exchange with smart bridge technologyi.e.
you go to buy a coffee that costs 300 sats, but you only are holding LTC for whatever reason.
through ARK, you hold your phone up to the register and make the purchase, he gets his btc, you lose your ltc, seamlessly.
Makes you stutter and drool a bit.
Also makes you hear laughter wherever you go, but you never find out what's so funny.
nobody gives 2 fucks about cobinhood you autistic failed abortion
An explanation from /ourguy/ biz_classic:The "Ark Ecosystem" is a collection of Ark forks and Smartbridged blockchains.If you look on the roadmap, one of the items is "Push button deployable blockchains."
This means anyone can literally change a few settings like the number of delegates, blocktime, number of coins, etc.
and press a button to spin off their own fork of Ark.
This Ark fork will be its own independent blockchain that will automatically be able to communicate with Ark (via the Smartbridge) and any other Ark-forked chain.
The Ark blockchain and token will be the intermediary between these chains.Imagine two banks setting up and deploying their own private blockchains with the push of a button.
Their blockchains are keeping track of their customers' balances.
A customer at Bank A wants to transfer some money to a customer at Bank B.
When they do that, it fires off a transaction at Bank A's backend blockchain that debits that user and sends a transaction over Ark to Bank B's blockchain telling them about their customer's new funds.You can also think of it like Ethereum's ERC20 tokens except Ark's push-button deployed coins will have their own independent blockchain whereas all of Ethereum's tokens must rely on the Ethereum blockchain which bogs it down as we've seen happen during popular ICOs like Bancor.
Yes, people will be able to create their own ICOs using Ark and all of them will be automatically Smartbridge-enabled.
It's BQX and they got huge announcements next week.
comfy
Much deeper than this.You store your information on the blockchain (think dropbox); you send messages anonymously through the blockchain; machines interact and transact financially with eachother on the blockchain; you invest/lend/borrow/perform payments with multiple protocols on the blockchain; etc.
You interact with all of these separate blockchains and features therein from one user facing layer of blockchain tech.
You get to avoid having to buy and operate dozens of blockchains/tech directly, and instead can have an all-in-one experience with an easy to use user interface and experience.
That's the potential of ARK.
Could you explain what the purpose of the Ark token is exactly?That's the one thing I'm not sure of.
Incentives for delegates to process transactionsTransaction fees for the ecosystem (direct payments, interacting with other blockchains etc)Governance
Makes sense.Thanks
i only want to adopt autsitic children.
they'll do TA all day for me and i only have to pay them in flaming hot cheetosand sexbots
I mean, we're already on a board of autistic children doing TA for meWhy pay them?
hey man, thats ok, just drop 10k on ARK and forget about for a little while.
10kI was talking more like having $500 I could put away feelsbad
That's pretty cool, congrats to the ARK community.
Watching it for a while, seems like it's approaching a tipping point where it could really start to take off.
4297198Anon on Top = Invested in Crypto in 2016 Anon on Bottom = New To Crypto
I think it really will when:A) They're a legal business entity (97% there) and can start making real partnerships B) When mobile wallets are releasedandC) When a major goal like push button deployable blockchains or ArkVM is finished.
If I could do it all over again I would only invest in ARK, BTC and Monero