Best alt coin to buy Tell me exactly what you would do with 10k right now
BTS, NXT, ETH, BCH, DASH, BTC
All in on Confido
Why NXT when ARDR is NXT2.0?
4515512 > why
go all in on bitbean
If you're looking for a x3 before EOY, consider HST.>$8m market capm HST circulating supply>AMA with Ian Balina on 1 Dec>Will annonce their partnership with the United Nations soon>Possible Binance listing in DecRead this thread 
What are you fucking stupid.BCC
BCPTEquifax that can't be hacked.
Still below $0.25.
Ethereum co-founder as advisor.
First legal SEC American ICO.
Don't say I didn't try to help you.
NXT and BTS are like ETH but trading for pennies, extremely undervalued.
DASH and BCH because it's the faster, cheaper fee version of Crypto that Satoshi would have wanted.
BTC and ETH because they are the OG cryptos leading the pack that old money will actually fuck with.
roulette bet on red
Doge.
its breakout was 21, get in before 25 and it should work its way towards an ATH.Im expecting 30-35 before the week is out.
This coin always follows the same pattern.Other than that I would say XMR but it has pumped pretty heavily already.
Isn't it obvious?
Explain yourself
4515630literally this>whyYou can get a fuckton of COSS for $10,000.
In the future those coins will be giving you dividends upwards of $300 per week
I sold all my link and bought BCPT
Dude, NXT is being replaced by ARDR, like I was trying to tell you above.
The website admits, and I quote, that "while NXT tool chain and platform will be used, ARDR is the new big boy in town.
Buy ARDR or stay poor."
Does it actually lmao
Bigger blocks lead to higher hardware requirements, and that all leads to centralization l. Satoshi wouldn't have wanted this as a long term solution, but I'm not saying hiring a third party like BTC is doing is any better.
SUCCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Lol, like people will buy into your ponzi scheme.
Lol no but I TL;DR'd for u
I see books.....so Publica
Wait till POWR has finished dipping.
Opposite will happen, without bigger blocks, fees get so high no one uses it outside of institutions like Coinbase off-chain.
Computers can handle bigger than 1 mb blocks today no problem, we don't need to jump too crazy now, but scaling bigger blocks over time is fine as well.
NEOIOTAthese have the most promise
What do you expect from it?
ooo I had forgotten about NEO.The TA on it says it wont be moving super soon though,but I guess you could just collect GAS.I stand by DOGE though.
Now that 21 has been touched its going to moon to at least half its ATH of 144.
It literally always does this without fail.Move quick or miss out.
Do some research into historic pumps for it if you feel unsure.
fees get highThis is assuming no progress is made on BTCs end of the solution.
There are solutions BTC is working on, but the answer isn't as black and white as big blocks = better.
If it were, don't you think they'd be doing that?
It's a short term solution, I'm drawing a blank for a good analogy, but Andres Anonopulus or whatever the fuck his name is gives a good exploration of the debate in his lecture "Liberty At Scale" or something.
I'm sorry I can't articulate better and I'm on mobile so I'm not going to bother, but if you're interested in the scaling debate it ls worthwhile to understand both sides completely.
No I know I get that you can just increase blocks forever, but doing it now while capacity is low and bandwidth is decent is a good solution to fix a problem without completely changing the protocol.
We could give ourselves like 5+ years of growth time with a block size increase to really iron out a best solution.
can't*
XMR or DOGEWhat the fuck is the point of a post like this?
You juts posted every coin under the sun.
I think short term big blocks are great, but comes with the sacrifice of increased centralization and that long term smaller blocks should actually be the goal, for increased decentralization, allowing more hardware to participate.
I would think BTC wouldn't mind just bumping block size up until a long term solution is found, but I understand the ethics of maintaining your principles of decentralization.Just my 2 sats tho
I guess they want to cover their bases?XMR seems to be in a correction for its week or so of pumping, maybe good time to buy in.DOGE just blew past 21 sats which signals the start of a new uptrend which is why its already up 30%.
I wonder if it will break 144 sats this time... Ironically I havent bought in yet because my hardware wallet is 100 miles away haha.Ill end up buying for twice the price tomorrow.
I think we're on the same page, all this violent FUD and lack of understanding is irritating on this board, we really a board for those interested in crypto beyond $$$
Tell me exactly what you would do with 10k right nowI'd buy 1 bitcoin and put the rest in xmr.
Personally I think DOGE will stop at 85 sats or less, and that its seasonal pumps will get weaker and weaker (in terms of satoshis) as time goes on.
Can you give me a quick rundown of what a hardware wallet is?
Can't you check the balance on bitref like any other wallet?
Aren't hardware wallets behind most lost funds (like Treyvon Jones)?
DNotes(NOTE).
Had a 39.5% loss, if you buy low and sell it at a high rise, you could make a pretty gain.
It's $0.01 right now and the highest it has ever been was $0.27.
Before it started peaking it was at a stable $0.04.
But that's my two cents.
Do with it what you will.
Borrow another 10k and get a Syscoin masternode.Retire in 2020.
How the fuck is BTS like ETH i can’t wait to hear
ETH, Dash, XMR, Zcash.Don't chase moon missions, don't fall for shilled coins.
Just 85?
I think it has the potential to go to at least 100.
We will see I suppose.
Thats still a x4 from where we are, but for some reason people never buy into DOGE for its pumps.
they happen like clock work throughout the year.and yeah, I suppose future ones maybe wont be x4, and eventually the pumps wont happen on schedule until they dont happen at all.
But for now enjoy free money!Never heard of a hardware wallet?Maybe Im referring to it wrong.I mean something like the Ledger Nano S.I can hold almost all my bigger name coins on it and dont have to worry about theft or loss of hard drive.
Only issue is that I need the device to make moves :PIf you have a computer you can check your balances with it.
%BTC 35%monero15%LTCToo bad I don't have 10k
lmao.
"sys"coin will absolutely fail.
Sys sounds like "cyst" or some kind of medical problem, like a disease or something.Marketing is everything in crypto right now, no one wants to own "muh syscoin".Sounds petty?
Nope.
Truth-twitter.com/lambolydia