>buys bch during an unbelievable pre orchestrated pump post pre planned failed segwit during a btc correction to create the biggest fud to date>gives market control to institutions and shady devs who have no morals >completely destroys decentralization and the whole idea of crypto>alts becomes worthless>crypto becomes a mainstream laughing stock>bch creators fuck prostitutes and do coke for the rest of their lives whilst you go back to being a wagecuck just went all in on bch fuck it
just went all in on bch fuck itwe're in this together, anon
Same, better to be all in before the 100k plus unconfirmed transactions do it first
alts becomes worthless>own 3 and they've barely budged
Honestly after this is all over I might just get out of crypto.
I know it acts retarded a lot, but this is a whole new fucking level
its past the point of mattering now, just get as much gains as you can in this next month and get the fuck out all togethereverything in that pastebin document is slowly coming true, bitmain are only taking BCH for the next batch nowthis is way bigger than the people, so many different big players have pulled together for this one.. we might be fuckedbut... what if btc holds?
then holy fuck crypto is for real and the people really do have the power, i hope thats the case but its really leaning towards the end of crypto side
i agree.
this is a whole other fuckin level
what happens once bch becomes the default trading pair.. which you would assume will happen if theres a swappening right?they just instantly keep their $ value?good luck
USDT
alts becomes worthlessmy biggest fear
Pastebin document?
https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
right..im mostly in solid alts.. like real world use in the future huge projects so i feel im fine with whatever the fuck is going on nowbut im getting major fud about my alts now too, its hard to say how theyll go
Especially when most of mine are tied to the price of BTC which could drop further.I told myself to hodl but it's just scary thinking about the future.Don't play with money you can't afford to lose I guess.
My $650 investment has seen $200 in unrealized profit should I keep riding BCH or get out now?
Chill out... if BCH replaces BTC exchanges will simple create the same markets for BCH as for BTCSo alts will be just be traded against BCH and not anymore against BTC.
Everything will be fine.
4310993This pastebin shit is so tired.
Nothing in there is stuff that wasn't rumored around plebbit, right from the NYA people called that Blockstream would scuttle 2x.
Fucking this, relax people.
Everyone has a vested in keeping crypto alive.
No one's gonna just stop listing cryptos altogether, they're just gonna work nonstop to bring awareness to BCH.
You should all do your parts to do the same as well instead of being weak hands and getting out of the game altogether.
they have no reason to become worthless tho, they dont rely on btc or bch
tfwARIIISE BCC CHINKUNSSS
ARISEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
!