I started with 5k 3 months ago.
All my life savings (I'm Brazilian)... Now I'm down to 800 dollars.
It hurts too much... Too much... Will it get better?
Will I learn how to trade/invest?IT HURTS TOO MUCH!!!
Huehue
its okay bro.i'm dying too here.i tried to escape a future of wagecuck slavery and i failed.oh well.
nonwhites trying to collect free moneyJust move to America and collect a welfare check bro.
dude... all my life i saved my money... i used to read books about saving, like the richest man of Babylon and then i found out about crypto and i ruined my life.
i'm whiter than most americans...
not everyone is meant for moremost are meant for less
Just hodl for a few months.
Chill the fuck out.Le Americans aren't white maymay
never invest money you cannot afford to loose.
that's hardly a high standard
i'm whiter than most americans...Calm down, niggers are not a majority yet.
thats how it is, you cant escape the fate god wanted you to follow.
ie watch final destination (2000)
the majority of americans (56%) are 100% european, and not southern european
are 100% europeanprove it
>saved money all my life>Only 5kNigga u for real?
you arent the first man to lose his stack in this trading gameits only money friendalso racebaiters shut the FUCK up already who gives a shit >>>/pol/
you know it's just boring when americans call others non-whites... it's not like america is European anymore... but whatever, this is not what this thread is about.
let's not be like /pol/ here
4298864glad to see /biz/ is still a /pol/colony.kek
Australian/Brazilian anon here.Tested the waters last year, wasnt too invested in crypto (kick myself everyday).Started again about 5 days ago, threw $550 to play, nearly 100% up.
UMA DELICIAAAAAA
I started with 5k 3 months ago.
All my life savings (I'm Brazilian)... Now I'm down to 800 dollars.
It hurts too much... Too much... Will it get better?
Will I learn how to trade/invest?>>IT HURTS TOO MUCH!!
!Dude I began in July and lost more then half my investment now I'm up by about 70 percent in this shit show so just stay calm and don't panic sell like I did with antshares after it dropped to 5 dollars.
Luckily I bought back in around that price.It's gonna be good
How in the fuck are you down 80% you must have bought some absolute pajeet tier shit coins
like you
Look, the whole point is to tell you to stop being a retard and embrace your brown skin to get gibs.
Which you would get if you weren't a brown-skinned retard going "muh /pol/, muh racism" when anons try to help you.
I'm an Aussie and have noticed a fuckload of Brazilians moving here lately.
Why?
We're on the other side of the world, why so many zillies moving here...and how do you guys afford it?
What BrazilianFags think about DilmaCoin?you can buy it here https://www.tradesatoshi.com/Exchange/?market=HUE_BTC
how do you lose money in crypto LOL
I believe you.
I was in São Paulo in January and it is unironically whiter than some parts of America
same here, i'm /aus/ as well.Average wage per month over there is 2115 zillions a month or 850 aud.How to the afford it?
They save up.
It's not that hard if you're disciplined.T.
Colombian with 5+ acquaintances living in Straya
yeh but why move to Australia?
Your countries have awesome beaches, sexy women, and life is cheaper.
Your internet is probably better tooOnly good thing about Aus is you don't get shot for walking down the streetIf I ever make a fortune on crypto I'd move somewhere cheap in South America and live like a king
They come here to "study english" and work their 20 hours/week plus a lot more off the books.All part of the plan to ensure wages don't keep up with the real inflation rate.
im also brazilian, started in mayup 100% of the invested right nowits only .2btc tho
brazil is a shitholeyou cant use your phone on the street because you'll get robbedwe have the most expensive iphone in the world gas is fucking expensiveyou cant buy electronics without paying an absurd amount of taxonly thing you are allowed to do in brazil is die like a dog in the street, basically
Everyone I know who learned English as a second language did it from one on one private tuition or reading and watching media in English.
This is south American and Asian people not places like Germany where everyone speaks good English.Fuck language schools.
Well, in my friend's case he moved for money reasons.
He makes 5x what he would've made here for the same effort/worked hours.
Fun things is that he is kind of a retard and doesn't even speak English.
He works with Italians in Melbourne and learned Italian, fucking weirdo I know
Only good thing about Aus is you don't get shot for walking down the streetOverrated perk desu.
Dude, I'm a landlord renting rooms to these brazilians in australia.
They're all here for the high wages under the ruse of "learning english".It's not their fault.
They're taking advantage of the loophole the australian government has deliberately created to cap wages.
I'm Irish and its pretty much the same here.
Albeit in smaller numbers.
I serve zillions everyday, they are entitled fuckheads with a chip on their shoulder.
Yeah, Colombians are less uppity generally speaking.
What jobs do they do if they cant even speak english?
Construction/labouring?Indians run all the 7/11s so they can't be taking retail jobsAll I know is there's Brazilians with fat asses everywhere in Melboune, and I really want to fuck one
I'm  and just changed devices.
You're right my friend traveled through a language learning agency for 1 year with the possibility of working up to 20 hours on the side, aftera year he applied for a visa extension but he had to pay for another couse in order to support his studies claim.
I may be wrong but his employer actually lets him work full time and might sponsor him for a permanent residency permit
Labourers, cleaners, restaurant staff, shitkicker jobs mostly but still earning far more than they'd earn back home.Over in perth they were filling the shortage of labour here during the mining boom.
Most other nationalities seemed to bail once it went bust but the South Americans have continued coming.
I guess the mining bust affected there just as much so coming here was still a better proposition than staying there.
Alot of hospo, dishies and chef work
You're spot on.
That's exactly what they're entitled to under their student visa although most are working just as many hours off the books.
If they didn't work extra hours for cash in hand they couldn't afford to stay.
The government here knows that of course.
Looks like your reading hasnt worked well.
Richest man in babylon points out numerous times not to get involved into dodgy shit like crypto
put life savings into the most volatile market since 1920s stock exchange>brazilianenjoy starvation pedro
>fell for the shitcoins memehahaha/deserved
fucking idiot.
all you had to do is buy btc 3 months ago and hold.
you would have made profit.
no wonder you're a brazilian.
now kys maybe
How did you manage to do that, OP?
Did you buy ELIX or something?
LINK?
that's retarded.. 56% are 100% European
15 mil reaispára de ser pobre, infeliz.
dá pra juntar isso num ano com mil reais por mês aplicados
You're brazilian you can still rob Ronaldinho of his Lambo at a traffic light near Copacabana
It's okay OP.
I started in August with 5k.
Have 1.2k now.
Soon it will be 1k.
Then 800.
Then I'll probably just give it away cuz I hate this fucning shit and it stresses me out too much
go all in on EBET demo soon.promise you'll 5x
lolsame hereexcept i tripled my earningreaching 100k temers now
Your place in the 99% is assured.
I could show you how to earn free money from crypto but unfortunately you would never learn, just copy me.
It's something you either have or don't.Good luck to you.