Many challengers there have been.Every time the same.You think we don't see the resemblance of Bitcoin Cash with what was happening in Ripple, back in May?Give it up, BTC will be king for always.https://www.flippening.watch/charts/#marketShareComparison
Except now it's been confirmed that BTC will never scale.
It's over.
it's over BTC, we have the higher ground
How was it confirmed?
x fork cancelled, Core will never approve a block size increase.
You'll reach your high ground tomorrow and then faaaaaaallllll slowly just like all the other contenders.
You do know 2x was just postponed?Also core does not approve that, the concensus of the community does.
NO2X was not against block size increases, but against the shady agreement behind it.
Because they have no reason to.
Blockchain only clogs when it's under deliberate attack, such as today's.In April's ddos there were almost 300000 unconfirmed transactions.
And yet nothing happened, BTC kept on rising.Also it's not entirely true that core team is not acting accordingly at all, today's update made this kind of attacks impossible in the future which is a nice safeguard.
The blockchain is not under a spam attack --- that is a lie.There are simply too few miners, as they're all off mining BCH.
Uhhhhhhh do you understand how mining works?Also do you think the number of 0 fee txs and txs with significantly larger fees than amount being transferred are legit?
fee txes don't matter.wasteful high-fee txes are a gift to miners.
See
comparing banking shitcoin ripple to the real bitcoin
Normally I would agree, but this time it is obvious they are spamming bullshit transactions
I'm a big believer in bitcoin but this industry seems to have this insane idea that this is different from anything else, one fact that will remain true is you either adapt to be better than your competition or lose to them, adapt or get lost.
While yes they were the first to do it, that doesn't mean it can just exist and not change.
It'll either adapt or get btfo by better technology that it helped create.
Last time I checked when Blockchain was at 100k and the first thousand I looked through were some transactions for $0.18 with 7$ fees on top of them.
Of course it was a spam attack, and a costly one.
Someone with really deep pockets and a clear interest was behind it, and the sudden rise of BCH at the same time is shady.