
What a time to be alive.
I sometimes wonder what all the salty no-coiners are doing with their lives
So golem?
GNT and NULS are nothing alike.
Are you sure you're even in the right thread?
What are you even trying to imply?
wtf has this got to do with anything?
by posting a discord link, he makes NULS look like a PnD.
This stops people from buying and taking our gainz, or shakes weak bitches out so we can get for a cheaper price.
It's actually pretty clever, and subtle FUD.
bro when NUls hit 5$ people will fomo im comfy with my 10k NULS this is ant all over again
k?
nice one.
Only sitting on 1250 here.
but looking to increase that stack, hoping for another sweet dip.
But it rebounds fucking fast.
Definitely getting ANS vibes all over again though.
And yeah, I really don't think $5 will be as high as it goes.
I think too many have it in their head to sell at that price, so when we rocket to $10 or beyond people will FOMO buy back in at a loss.
Is this something you'd have to actively trade right now or is it supposed to jump up and stay there?
I'm literally about to fall asleep
TO be fair this dindt even catch a single spark yet , attention is on BTC, This is one of those projects biz is on very fast and its a legit coin this time lol.
ama today, some kind of announcement tomorrow.
very active telegram.
get some sleep lad, you will wake up with a pleasant surprise.
wht a shitcoin, u retards never learn.
its scam all over the map, some ppl trying to pump it to drop their bags on you.
Why these increments?
Yes the market is being manipulated.
I own more NULS than anyone here has posted they own, but this is typical when there is a concerted effort to get people to have to buy at a much higher price.This pisses me off and brings question to the credibility of those shilling this right now.
4310034Binance bots.
Every single coin on the market gets manipulated.
I stopped trading ANS because the manipulation was tight anyone trying to daytrade it was getting fucked, HARD.
I would hardly say that it occurring has any correlation to the people shilling NULS though.
Just whales doing #justwhalesthings
Decentralized computer
As in get some sleep without buying, or invest before you sleep
oh?as in why the fuck aren't you already holding some?
Fuck this coin it dipped so low friday i almost died never agin will i buy a chink coin
no he won't NULs isn't making any moves until we see a whitepage, right now it's just Speculative Futures, I tell all you NUL and ARK dreamers that ETC is where to be right now, and I've watched it go from 14 last night to 20+ quietly in 24 hours, it's slowly forking up more on each climb.
And if you'd bought the dip, like I told people to, you would be comfy right now.
Better wait until it goes +600% to FOMO buy again though, amiright?
its not with chink coin, you never read their road map, nor wp, you just fomoed , u retards never learn
Because I just heard about it and I mostly like hodling.
Do you think it will be good for hodling?
I'm not a professional/expert trader that will jump in to invest like $20k into a shitcoin that will gain 30% overnight, then dump and find another one.
I just do this as a side hobby.So are you saying this will properly moon, or is it a pump and dump meme that will die soon
Its a pump and dump just look on coinmarketcap circulating supply says "?"
We are gearing up for a proper moon.
I don't know when for sure, but the faster they move, the less people like you who are on the sidelines looking to jump in will have the opportunity to do so.
The only reason we even know about this is because of based whale anon.
We really are early money on this one.
Been out less than a month.>CMC doesn't tell us the MCuse a calculator and figure out the MC for yourself, you fucking mong.
Fucking delusional.
Just because you missed the WTC train and want it to happen again doesn't mean it will.
Just read their white paper, it's actual garbage.
Meh I'll go to sleep then, if it's still mooning tomorrow wake me up
OI!
MORONS!
NEVER INVEST IN CHINESE COINS!
FFS!DO NOT INVEST IN CHINESE COINS!You want to ivnest in something decent?
Invest in monero and HOLD.
fuck off nul devs , try to shill u r coins.
I can clearly tell you are only interested in saving poor helpless anon from making bad financial decisions.
Where ever would we be without helpful anons like you saving us from ourselves?
Everyone is free to make their own decisions.
I'm just trying to tell you that it's a very bad idea to invest in this, but go ahead and fomo in if you'd like, it's your money after all.
holding 54,031 Nuls $$$$$ just waiting for it to hit $10.00........just a bit over half a million$

then i'll go buy me 1 or 2 of these .......
If you check the source code in the github, you'll see there's hardly anything there yet.
This is in its infancy and will take 1-2 years min (see the whitepaper roadmap!).
And no, they're not developing internally and have a huge repo there.
The github was updated regularly till end of October at least, so this is a recent snapshot.
I'm just trying to save you from spending your own moneyIf people listened to cunts like you they would go broke.
Your faux concern trolling is shit FUD and you know it.
k NULS.
I'm actually jealous anon.
You getting upset at anyone questioning the superiority of your coin is a great sign of things to come.
That's all this is, a generic "tries to do everything" chinese coin with no substance (at the moment at least) and a legitimately bad white paper blown up by emotional fomoers like you.
There's no reason for this to have a 40m market cap.
I'm not upset.
Just calling you out for being a liar.
You don't give two shit's about other anons.
You just want to throw baseless FUD around so you can either get a better entry price, or shake out weak hands.
Its blatantly obvious too.
NEVER INVEST IN ANS>NEVER INVEST IN WTCFuck out of this thread.
Nice digits.