Literally every single coin on EtherDelta has been mooning, so I did some research and found this.Anyone holding this?
ICO sold out 100%Working App (on the Appstore and Google Play)Marketcap is 4Mhttps://cartaxi.io/honestly seems too good to be true, thinking about buying though.
nobody?
4305175didnt look far into it but at first glance seems alright, so heres a bump
You're fucking right everything on ED has been mooning I Unironically just went all in, waiting for the army of shills to take me to x10 land
I really dont care if a coin doesn't pull through as long as it at least looks professional.
Confido and Emphy looked pro and they're getting me 10x each (20 on CFD), regardless of if they release anything.
The only #1 thing that will keep me away from a crypto is when the creator talks about the price of their token on exchanges or cares more about putting a stock ticker at the bottom of their page instead of even a fake github with fake activity.
I stay 100% clear away from those coins, and I suggest you should too
you dont care about the product but you care about if the creator talks about the price?are you fucking handicapped m8?
He is saying that he don't care if a coin doesnt succeed as long as It looks professional, which attracts buyers and increase the value.This market is alot about speculation if you havent noticed.
4306360Also, I agree with him.
Putting a coin ticker on their official website looks scammy af.
he also invested in EPYyou think that pajeet scamcoin looks more professional than a coin with a working product and 50,000 users?okay
I feel dumb for missing the emphy pump, but this looks so pajeet I can't pull the trigger.
thats the reason for the token is it not?thats what investors are most interested in, why hide it and pretend like it does not matter
this looks 50 times better than emphywhy the fuck are people buying that coin?
this looks 50 times better than emphyYea no, Emphy team has MBA graduates and PhD developer.
Plus no niggers at all.
this is crazy I was literally the first person to shill EPY because I wanted to dump bags.biz is fucking insane
the fuck man...?
That's a heck of a thing to admit in a shill thread.
Why doesnt it say anything about the amount of tokens sold?
This looks 50 times more professional than emphy to you?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVgHl5n5io8&t=0m20s
Kek I was also literally the first man who walked on the moon.Next time don't be a weak handed fag and sell to soon.
what the fuck