Just tweeted.
UK government funded project with Jaguar Landrover as partner.. they have the funds to access big boy exchanges.If it's going to be Bittrex or Binance... oh boy.
Price is really low right now.
a-arwen kawaii
this is the next confido
Fuck off, MY waifu
Nah, the UK finding and Jaguar partnership have checked out.
Both released press releases.
Unless ofcourse the UK gov and Jaguar Landrover is getting scammed.. kinda doubt that.
BUMP
DOVU will go 10x easily at such a low market cap
i'd pound her with the force of a thousand suns
CorrectThat'll be 20 DOVU
It'll be Bittrex.
Calling it.
Group pumping NOW!https://discord.gg/5WnGph
Aiming for which price?
How in fuck's name a coin with backing from the government and fucking Jag is only listed on ED?
Well that's changing tomorrow
this coin sounds fucking retarded and useless, total scam.
looks like the brits and learning from the pajeet immigrants.
no u
psst... want to buy more guys
Well I bought more after many people dropped their bags after the lackluster AMA.
PUT THE DOVU IN MY BAGS FFS
The best part of this is that the team never ever hypes stuff.
When they say they have an exciting announcement... you know it's gonna be something worthwhile
Now, while there as many token sales, and many other startups in mobility right now, what sets DOVU apart is that it is well-connected in the transport sector.
In April 2017, DOVU received seed funding from InMotion Ventures, Jaguar Land Rover’s investment arm, and Creative England, a fund backed by the UK Government.Founder and CEO Irfon Watkins is a serial entrepreneur who has founded and sold companies across the API spectrum, including the large-scale ad-platform Coull.
His advisory board includes Lars Klawitter, General Manager of Rolls Royce Bespoke, who is also a director of the Ethereum Foundation, no less.
DOVU also includes co-founder and CMO Arwen Smit, and co-founder and COO Krasina Mileva
Guys is it too high to buy now?
Should i wait announcement?
It's rising a bit now but nowhere near it was two weeks ago.
There was a massive dump.