How much have you gained from crypto?
How much have you lost?
Worst loss?Have any of you actually been on a moon mission?Share some experience.
poorfag here.Invested 1200 euros and I'm now sitting on 1250 euros.... 0 moon missions.
Some small spikes and dips.I suck at this
started 2 months ago btw
>Have any of you actually been on a moon mission?does sigt count?
bought in at 700 sats sold at 4500. twice.
that's how it goes
% gain in 3 months - congrats you beat 90% of traditional investors.
nice try SEC
I invested in Bitcoin in early October.
70% gains.
Then ended up with 100% gains only to fuck it up during the attempted flippening.
Anyway I'm dead even from where I started about 2 months ago.
made about 30ktbqh senpai making anything less than 1mil is useless
i grinded up from 2k to 60 over 7 monthsback down to 25k after oct/novTHANKS FORKS!
Put in 600 since July and I'm at 2000.
Not great but better than my savings account
Pretty much this.
Started with 13k.Went up to 125k.
Now back at like 90k.
Not too bad though considering I bought a car, re-sold it for the same price.
Paid for a hair transplant for 7k, paid 6k worth of food and clothes and stupid college shit.
Paid 4k for rent already.
And I still somehow have like 90k.
I guess i'm doing alright.
I am about to have 500k REQ though and I swear to me mum if that shit doesn't moon within 6 months i'm going to shove a bitcoin up my ass
ANS, OMG, a few other shitcoins that I forget now.
Only had a hundred or so in each though.
Was up to ~10-11k from my initial investment of ~3k.
Altpocalypse rekt me a fair bit, but back to around 6-7k now.
So still up on my initial investment.
I bought 2500 ANS at 0.00138Sold it at 0.0033 after that shitshow of a 'conference'RIP me
Made good money on OMG but exited too early, then proceeded to lose a lot of money in Stox and now losing a lot with REQ too.I'm really bad at this or very unlucky, or both.
The worst part is that I never fomo in always try to buy at the drop but they just keep dropping...
on a scale from one to ten, how much do you want to commit Sudoku?
After noticing and watching the NEO moon I was at about an 8.
Now I don't give a shit
shove a bitcoin up my asskek
2k invested, at 3.2k so far.
Not bad considering I started during the bitcoin fork.
My main money maker is WTC, I have a $1.63 average.
Biggest loser so far is REQ, so yeah.
>Started at $1250>Currently at $900FeelsBad to hodl Verge bags after their shitshows of an announcement.
Got to .5 BTC at my best... would have 3.5k if I stayed at that.Altpocalypse got me back to ~.14 BTC.Feelsbad
Started at 3k now at 33k.
Was at 92k at one point so I’m down 66%.
/10..... unless its easy cuz they take too long
Been around for a few moons.
Was present for XLM/IBM news, like the moment it happened.
Some silly pump and dumps here and there.
I've been involved with crypto now for about 4 months, with only the last month being focused on crypto alt currencies(was only in btc prior, xlm sparked a mass hunger in me) and I've made 24.4% gains so far.
Not bad, could've been much better as I've been scammed, I'm holding bags, etc but, I'm happy I'm still ahead.
But the stones I skipped off of were: xlm, so some ed coin that I can't remember, grs/ftc, bch, and xrp.
But man, I'll tell you... it's a 24-7 lifestyle.
Morning, noon and night.
You don't want to miss a beat because these moments, these moon missions... most only last for minutes, seconds even, others like bch and neo in the moment for days.If you want experience, it's all about keeping your ear to the ground.
It's tough though.
There's a lot of nonsense that gets spewed about and it's honestly really tough to decipher, which is the advice you should listen to and, which you should ignore.
Best of luck to you.
I just ventured forth into day-trading territory and I'm already down 8%.
It's a learning process, play with what you can afford to lose, and absolutely do not get emotionally involved, I can't tell you how often my hands shake because I'm afraid this bet is going to lose it all... don't do it.
Whatever money you've put forth consider it spent like on a hot dog or something.
It's gone.
Finito.
Otherwise, chase the dream of getting rich.
put 1 ETH into 2 different ICOs.
One of em is trading at 1/3rd of the ICO price, the other one I got out of at 13x.I don't think 13x is a complete moon mission, but I was definitely above the clouds
Made around $700k, from pretty much nothing.
Invested in Ethereum ICO
What do I win?
Started in September with 7k.
Down 10%.
All losses due to REQ, everything else is up.