News on MCO drops in less than one hour, get in while you can before it moons.
Don't ask 'wen moon' it depends on the exact news but shit you know it will.
Hoping for good news!
I'm gonna miss another moon due to slow BTC transaction aren't I.
God dammit
moon baby moon
didnt expect moon before news... wonder if itll moon more after news or what
Send eth or ltc shithead
I don't have any.
FUCK
that's unfortunate.
I'm banking on visa card news update.
price prediction breh?
q4 2017we already at the end of the q4 fucking idiots
Just messin babe ;)
and we are still waiting on the card and news is expected to drop shortly.
put 2 and 2 together brother man
he literally said q4 2017 today when we are at the end of 2017 already.
it doesn't make sense other than he is bullshitting
Are you slow or what?It's not like they are subtle or anything.
"when can we expect this card""By the end of this quarter"News scheduled to drop in half hour.
What do you think???
You really don't understand.
There is a news in a few minutes.
They gave all possible hints that they will announce EU rollout, and you still don't f*cking get it.
its like saying when do i get paid?
answer: "end of the week" when its fucking saturday.
wtf happened to Tenx?
That nigger coin had a working product so I loaded up and It's done nothing but drop to nothing for months.
keep waiting bro ahahhah
4354641A financial quarter doesn't always end in December tho, many companies end it in january or february.Still bullish on this tho
so you think the scheduled news is them saying no new news?
really?
They released their product before it was even finished.
Big mistake.
keep seeing MCO posts everywhere>"What the fuck news could Moody's be dropping?
">mfw it was monacoThese young wippersnappers
yeah i mean i hope its true and its going to moon but some people are so delusional they dont realize they are feeding them shit

YES my fucking bitcoins transferred.
Going all in on MCO
Quarter 4 ends December 31st.
Why are you guys saying its gonna drop much sooner than that?
Honestly I'm split half between MCO and POWR.
witnessed
The NEWS is gonna drop shortly we are making assumptions it's about the card.
Or else something else spectacular but what else could it be but the card I say rite???????
its not about the card or they wouldn't say q4 2017, what i am saying they are bs
Do not buy this shitcoin, it's being pumped, you will be left holding Pajeet's bags.
ask them to pump harder
Everybody pumps everything all the time.
It doesn't remove the fact there is a fucking news in 10 minutes dummy
the news comes in 10 minutes boys buy up
oh ok I guess all their twitter posts about news dont exist then.
stay scared and poor
Vizard is going to dump it and do fuck all for this news.
They've been pumping since yesterday.
A "pump and hold".
http://itsalmo.st/#mconews
Whats the platform gonna be for the news?
Twitter?
assuming twitter since thats where all their other news is dropped
No twitter update, price is holding still
You guys are getting ready to by the bags from Vizards pump and dump group
sold at .00104xxx, waiting on news to get back in
never touching this shit coin again
Vizard doesnt run the Monaco twitter lmfao
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/monaco-selects-gemaltos-innovative-metal-card-to-bring-power-of-cryptocurrency-to-every-wallet-300555263.html
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/monaco-selects-gemaltos-innovative-metal-card-to-bring-power-of-cryptocurrency-to-every-wallet-300555263.html
He's running this pump, though.
Him and several other groups.
He admitted it himself, his group is part of a pyramid.
baisically they said who's going to make their cards
no news...sad
Shit news, and a dump.
MCO BTFO.
You guys didn't want to listen, that's what you get for trusting Pajeet.
could always wait till thurs for the q&a
Of course someone just dumped
NEWS IS GREAT.
VISA CARDS APPROVED AND IN PRODUCTION
results of the monaco pump discord group herehttps://discord.gg/7wnGQkt
waiting for the dump to bottom out then i'll probably get a card
everyone in this thread>i fucking bought at ATH please buy my fucking bags so i can dump fuck this scam coin the owner already exited
Slowly heading back up after that initial dump.
Maybe not the worst time to jump in.