Which country has the best chance of landing a traditional (non feminist) wife?Am I better off waiting for AI/bots?
Texas
Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Asia, pretty much everywhere apart from "the West"
traditional wife chad has already fucked every qt 3.14 you want to wife
ukraine
Bad news anon.
Your only options are either very rural states/countries or very religious countries.
Am I better off waiting for AI/bots?Yes
Eye of the Storm theory.
Go to the most radicalized places and you will find the close knit groups of people who radically appose those values.
California, Oregon, Minnesota, western Europe.
germany
If you’re in college, attend Christian religious study groups.
I met my current gf at a Christian Campus Fellowship meeting, and I’m an atheist.
She’s the nicest girl you could imagine and always allows me to do things my way, exactly how I want.
This is after 4 years with her.
Let's face it OP, you'll never get a wife.Also, >>>>pol
czech republic, they are used to men being men and happily do everything for you if you are a decent human being
attending religious meetings as an athiestHow many meetings did you have to sit through without falling asleep before you finally met one and were able to quit and never go back?
Southern Europe, South America, South East Asia, North Korea, China, Russia, Ukraine, Poland, Middle East.
nope its done here.
Absolutely lost the young generation.
Allahu akbar!
The new generation will destroy the remaining infidels brother!Germraqistan will rise again!
Inshallah!
A few months.
I genuinly enjoy observing/learning about religious philosophies, so I didn’t find it too boring.
Religious people are also some of the nicest (and sometimes weirdest) people you’ll meet.Really, there are a ton of trustworthy people involved in religious groups/clubs.
I would encourage any anon who hates the typical degenerate normies you’ll usually encounter at bars/parties, to check it out.
if i will make it , i will leave this fuckhole.Ditip ( turkish islamic association ) today tried to get islamic religion lessons in all the schools in north rhine westphalia.
I am so fckin happy they didnt get thru this at the administrative court.
Last week the politics discussed about islamic public holidays.
Where the fuck we going ?
Politics here are horrible.
But sry for this , this is not /pol/ so stop for now.
third wave Feminism spreading fast across europe (see pussy riot)>Middle Eastern women won't look at youYour best bet is Asia OP but I hear asian women can be pretty difficult behind the scenes despite their demure personality in the streets.
rural areas in germanywell educated and conservative asf
Already in CA and holy shit, non feminists are rare.
This entire state is an expensive mess with toxic values!
German QTs are very hot, this is interesting.
I just wouldn't want to deal with the other problems of the country.
European women are cutthroat.
You have to be alpha as fuck to bag and keep one.
Do so, and you will be king.
But they will smell you faking it from a mile away.
Thai women... You are god.
They don't know what feminism is.
But they are feminine as fuck.
Proper women.
That's why I saw rural areas.
Cities are totally eternally cucked, but if you find a QT from the land (which almost always have highest education due to conservative households), and they made it to university and are not leftists cunt, they will stay conservativewomen in germany are not really political either, they usually are easy to influence and very realist as long as you watch your health and care for the family
 thai woman> nice penisdude you got a femboi