True story:My old man owns a car dealership.
I stop in usually once a week just to visit.
Today I swing through and he had been talking to an older (60ish) guy and somehow crypto currencies had been brought up.
My dad is like: "Hey... talk to my son, he knows about this stuff."
as I walk in.
So the old guy tells me how his "banker friend" called him up and tried selling him on something called "Procurrency".
(I'd never heard of it.)
Got him all excited about it.
Tells me how his buddy knew people investing anywhere from $5k - $30k, that Procurrency was ready to go live in 130 countries with like 2 million retailers or some shit.
I briefly scanned their website on my phone... just looked like pajeet shit to me.
Truthfully I didn't really spend more than 2 minutes reviewing it so I have no idea if it's a legit project or not, but that's not the point of this thread.My point is, when 60 year old know-nothings are starting to think about putting money in random cryptos...
I think we're close to seeing the start of a huge run in alts.
Same.
It feels like the end.Last weekend I went to a speed dating event, and half of the girls weren't even partipating.
They were in a group talking about Ark.
speed dating event, and half of the girls weren't even partipating.
They were in a group talking about Ark.kek deluded
Kek good one
Was at a music festival a few weeks ago and the guy in front of us was trying to explain Ethereum to these girls.They looked at him with this glazed over look and tried to abruptly walk away.
4406053Ok... my story is actually legit, dunno wtf you twinkletoes are trying to prove here.
It's been pretty mainstream for the last month or so.
40 year old women at work who can barely open Microsoft Word were talking about investing in Bitcoin.
A bunch of normal, non-tech savvy guys bought in a couple weeks ago.I'm taking profits and closing positions.
What was that saying about when the shoeshine boy gives you stock tips?
Man you're going to feel like a real asshole when Procurrency moons next week.
Get in now or stay poor, and apologize to the old guy you spread your FUD to.
Dumb deluded Arkie
4406130Yeah man, whatever.
Btc is up 8x this year to a whopping 8k each, of course everyone and their mother is trying to get in.
but just like we had our worthless ico phase and then an alt-death there's going to be a normie-bait phase and then the next until we're a consolidated market that doesn't oscillate so much anymore.
i do think it's gonna be a good two to three years before it's seriously adopted though.
just hang in there and celebrate that new dumb money is in and you're prepared to rape their wallets
talk talk talk.
creating an account on jewbase or gemini is too much of a hassle for most people.
they want my social security number?
my bank account information?!
i'm hungry.
that's shiny.
i'm busy.
there's too much to understand and no reliable source of information.
we're a long way off for normies invading.
Completely agree.
It scares the fuck out of people, despite the fact that cuckbase is FDIC insured
Kek best post in a while
the normies are cominggreat more fucking pumping to Bitcoin so every fucking alt will fall even lower
I agree.
Most people are too damn ignorant or lazy to get in.
For as much retard dumb shit that is on /biz I bet the average IQ of members is higher than most.
Actually the goes for most crypto investors.
We are the ones who actually took the time to learn about it and buy in.
People hate on 4chan but nobody is more self aware than all us faggots
I like you anon
FUcking kek
give this poo a raise.
joined the biggest australian crypto jewbook group 6 months ago>starting to see single mothers post all of the time
Yeah, a family member came to me for some financial advice, and I told her about crypto.
She thought I was insane.
Single moms are good for phone sex.
That's about it.
If you came in during or after the 2013 bullrun then you are the normie.doesnt understand the average joe getting into crypto means more gainsTry hard brainlet>What was that saying about when the shoeshine boy gives you stock tips?Thats not a saying.
It was a bullshit cover for insider trading.
As I was going to work this morning I passed by a group of elementary school kids lead by their teacher who were all talking about Bitbean.
I feel the same way, I talk to my dad about crypto and he said I should get out since it's getting too popular now.Things that have happened in the last 3 months in South Africa:>Bitcoin mentioned all over morning shows as good risky investments>My mother's friend keep posting shit on Facebook every time it takes and the equivalent of pink wojacks for normal people when it falls>Plans to make a crypto tether for the rand called an e-ora >My grandmother gave me 1k to buy bitcoin for her>Bitcoin prices were mentioned at the end of the news along with oil/gold/exchange rates>One of the big supermarket chains had a test run where they accepted bitcoins for one dayOn one hand, it's lots of new money coming in that won't be used efficiently that we can take, on the other things always get ruined when it gets popular.
That's strange.
I was just at the museum of natural history and I passed a group of grade school children.
One of them was carrying a bitbean lunchbox.
Met one dude at a festival that used darknet markets and even knew about Monero.
Also work with a bunch of nerds, one of them has $1k in, the rest at least have heard of the big hitters at least.
But very few real normies are in.
The old money is just now starting to figure out how to transfer their money into this newfangled digital currency.
Soon they shall learn of alts
Yeah, yesterday grandma was taking a shit and started screaming hysterically BITCOIN ETHEREUM LINKKKKKK.
I think crypto has really taken over guys.Even Steve Mnuchin's wife would probably suck a dick for 1 BTC.
Motley Fool just did a big private thing on crypto - once those people get in they will spread the word so they make their "early adopter" gains.
I went to the grocery store today to buy horse radish.
When the cashier asked me if I need any bags I snapped at her and told her I have enough bags already.
When I left I heard her saying "stinky linkie" under her breath.
Lol
those retards were publishing articles advising against buying BTC like 2 months ago
Had to get their sick gai- I mean do their research and due diligence first.I mean 500-2200% returns YTD are risky things.
I keked
Hes doing it wrong any girl I tell is amazed
Best laugh in a while, thanks, shitposter.
This is how we know the end is coming, I recommend we GTFO before these retards realize they've paid way too fucking much
DAS KEK
Time to load up on ETH and XMR before normies hear about that so it's all cool.
Is there still time for ETH?
I bought $1000 of XMR the other day but I'm not sure if it's actually going to go big or not because it probably won't get adoption.
how many ico projects are sitting on hundreds of thousands of eth, just waiting to offload?
Well done
Now is exactly the time to buy ETH before the normies get their mitts on it.
It's not hard.BTC - Normie JewCoin ETH - Corporate platformXMR - unsavory types
It really did turn out to be the great Russian scam.
The memes were real.
Couple of decent ERC20 projects but the rest are a burning pile of trash.
Everyday I wake up hoping eos, etp, xtz or another replaces it so we don't have to listen to that faggot anymore.That being said eth to $600
44077262-3x on eth is underwhelming.
looks like kyber is going to list on bithumb soon.
definitely more shekels to be found there.
maybe.
bubbles and market irrationality go on for way way longer than people imagine.