I have some stickers here for LINK marines of /biz/ to enjoy, and unlike the kraut I actually have everything made beforehand.I currently have 85 stickers, and you can only purchase them with LINK, prices below:UK: 14 LINKInternational: 17 LINKI will ship literally anywhere in the world, but it's cheaper for the UK because this is where I am based.
If you want one, send me an email at the address below, and I will send you my LINK address, then deposit sufficient LINK, replying back with your LINK address or a screenshot so I can confirm payment with said sender.
Max Qty each buyer can purchase is 2. linkedh3eeh3@mail.com
Sorry for the shit quality, here is the printed image.
The size of these stickers is 70mm x 78mm, and they are high quality VINYL stickers (can be used outdoors)
Do you ship to Italy?
I ship to literally anywhere
Ok but i only trust shipping through confido.
kek'd
don't leave me bagholding
linkedh3eeh3@mail.complease dont tell me your are that german faggot
Can I get it free if you live in the SW and want to meet up?
:)Well, I'll give you 10 LINK but that stamp moneis!
No I'm BritishNo I don't live there, and c'mon dude it's only 14 link
 Link>£1.82A sov and shrapnel?!
The absolute STATE of her majesty's (God bless her and hers) Royal Mail
 LINK is not 1.82OKAY, if people want to make me offers I'll start accepting them via email
Calm your tits sunshine, just working out what it would cost me in gbp to get u ur link as I dont have anyDont rush to take offers mate.
it takes 24 hours for everyone here to see what you got.
And even then just meme your stickers like the plushies and /g/ stickers over there - let lurkers ask and when they do BANG you got beer and tab chits
You;re right anon I let FUD take over me
ONLY????
that's is £450 in 2019 you wanker.
Another one of plushtard's scams???
useless shit.
put the picture on your usb and find a a big copy shop in your neighborhood.
they will do a batch for half a link.
gtfo anon.
you are trying to price us in.
Confido color ID checks out
Vinyl stickers aren't that cheap boyo
i'll trade ya
THE PLUSHIE GUY IS GOING TO SCAM US ONCE MORE
don't worry anon>no unread email
Unironically I wish Confido was real.
It actually would allow people to transact online trustlessly.
God damnit someone needs to create it
plushtard*
Link finally has some value lol