Mark Karpales gets to take home 859 million for losing all his customer's bitcoin because he's being allowed to pay his creditors back in the fiat value at the time of the hack and keep the remaining bitcoins.
Do you think the courts would have been so kind to him if he was still a fat fuck?
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/mark-karpeles-will-end-taking-859-million-mt-gox-bankruptcy/
Anyone have a email list or something of people who've had accounts on gox.
This news is pretty relevant to them, particularly those who lived in Japan.
My friend had an account with 1+ bitcoin on, he's in europe, will he get refunded?
Kek.
So it turns out the faggot customers asked to be paid in yen because btc tanked and now they're salty.It's still incredibly unsafe for karpeles to walk around outside without a bulletproof vest and 5 body guards 24/7
how the fuck does he look like that now
Wow he pushed some iron in jail.Pretty good Mark.
Why is this guy still alive?
you don't steal that much l33t internet monies and live.
I bet they have some fun times planned for this goy.
Recovered from his cheeseburger addiction.
I still have a few from the bankruptcy proceedings where I lost 10 BTC.
I joined the class action suit but never saw a dime or a satoshi.You can find a list of everyone involved if you were part of the class action lawsuit.
sweet.
so when are you guys gonna give him a visit?
be supra-governmental illuminati>exfiltrate mt gox privkeys while kapeles is out getting a dessert like coffee beverage>shitstorm ensues>start rapid aging of karpeles clone which has been under development since mt gox began>go to karpeles apartment with aged chad clone of karpeles>remove karpeles>insert clone>keep most of btc>get most of settlement backthis seems more likely than the metamorphosis seen in the OP pic.
I don't think I've ever seen such an improvement, it's incredible
in all seriousness though this is probably what is causing the price drop and it's a fucking disaster to be honest family.
what other known individual has that many bitcoin?
it's hard to imagine a worse person to suddenly have this many bitcoin to sell if they wish
At least 1/2 of his is gone after taxes if he cashes out.