I'm thinking about liquidating every coin I have and all inning Neo and forgetting about crypto for a few years.
Pls tell me not to and to just keep the diversity I have
How do you have NEO but no GAS?
I have about 30 coins in my blockfolio, these are just the top 7
I would liquidate OMG, IOC, and BNB into WTC - otherwise looks good.
Pick a coin to store value like XMR and continue to trade with profit from other alts
Dump OMG and put some cash into VTC or LINK, it just lees getting hit week after week.
ay will you help out a fellow /biz/sraeli by sending me some of those ant shares :^))AJEc4h73yLSye4Z7pS8c1d7mAWd9bqZcdh
OMGI'm hesitant because all of the great news they've had this year and the price hasn't even jumped that much.
Feel like there's more to come>IOCDions, bro?>BNB I agree fuck this coin.
I was just one of the first to buy it so I have that emotional attachment'ppreciate the tips brother
Just a general trader here, I find IOC a shitty coin, just a little hype here and there for its news, theres none now.
OMG I'm predicting will be knocked out the top 10 next year...Not even kidding.
Been watching VTC for a while now, comfy sitting on 400 LINK right now but could buy more in this dip.I think, no pray, that Dions will actually matter in a way that effects the price.
I would liquidate everything to NEO/ETH/BTC at a 80/10/10 ratio
Long-term these are definitely the 3 I want to be holding, I only have alts to hopefully make more money to buy more of these.
can I please teach you how (and why) to trade before you make a huge mistake?
NEO sucks bro
why so bearish on omg?It's the only crypto with an actual payment company behind it?
Is Neo for real or nah?
I'm pretty split on it.
Before you start giving him private lessons make a thread you cumguzzling fag
Hell yeah.
The fact that they were so comfortable with the Chinese regulations means big things are coming
Knocked out the top 10?
It's not even currently there.
If it delivers, it will be top 4 for sure
oh it already happened?
It'll stay out of there until they give news about actually using their omg for real life payments.
so you're saying by complying with chinese regulations they are going to be a highly profitable company?
Wouldn't that just restrict their growth?
It's more reassurance that the government won't strike them down or ban them for some reason.
Also gives credibility and authenticity to ICO's that will be using Neo
what about the premine though?
and how can it compete with ethereum?
what about the premine though?https://youtu.be/V2basIRwTgstl;dw "The additional 50M Antshares will be used to improve the Antshares platform by paying for software development, attracting top talent, providing incentives for the community to improve the platform, offering bug bounty rewards, and funding marketing efforts.
The Antshares whitepaper specifically describes: "[the additional 50M] ANS will be allocated for supporting the long-term operations of the Antshares."
https://www.reddit.com/r/Antshares/comments/6knw16/antshares_inflation_schedule/>and how can it compete with ethereum?There's a lot of answers for this, but the most well received one is usually that China likes control.
All major companies that we have in the States, China has their own version of it.
If the Chinese government decides they want to get into blockchain they might look for an already functional, well thought out cryptocurrency based in China and my high hopes are that they look at Neo Smart Economy to do the job.
i would liquidate everything, stay away from crypto bitcoin is a very dangerous game ever since btcash came around.
you should let me teach you as wellDiscord - jonathanflower#5056
part 2
4350535Alright, hear me out.
Past two months have been pretty turbulent.
>Btg fork>s2x flop>bch siegethere were a couple of winners and a couple of losers, but there's one kind of entity that profits the most when money is flowing, and you guessed it:>exchangesevery major exchange must have made a shitton on fees these last few weeks.
I think volume for the btc-bch pair peaked at like 300k btc on bittrex.
That's some 4 million usd in fee revenue.
Binance also did quite well, peak for the 24-hour period was some 60k.
Now riddle me this.
This time, when they burn bnb tokens equivalent to 20% of their profits, how the fuck is bnb not gonna moon?
that's gonna be a c o s m i c amount of tokens
all in neo.
the 19th of nov is when neo hits new ath screencap this
4351487I don't care about either of you guysI drew a bunch of fancy lines on a chart and I see a Neo ATH right before midnight on Nov 16th, PST
do some research before you try to discredit my post.
November 18th - 19th, 2017: NEO attending China open source conference 2017: Source: http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17
I like the thinking, dunno if this is going to be a good long term hold but I can see it doubling pretty soonish based on the charts.
Had some winnings from the pnd this week so I'll send it into this nice dip Neo is in.
Thx.
which one are you experiencing?my money's on "denial" or "anger"
I wasn't trying to discredit your post, I deadass drew a bunch of lines on a bittrex chart for fun and it lead to Nov 16-17th.Of course!
Always happy to discuss ants, and I think you might be surprised.I'm so, so angry
neo has been 26$ - 33$ for ages gonna explode soon.
Been saying $100 by December for months.
Still holding to that