is it true that BTC will inevitably fail?
should I buy BCH?
Maybe.
Who knows
I know.
It will fail.
And buying BCH won't help.Only one coin will withstand the test of time
WHICH COIN!?!?!?!!??!?
as your attorney i advise you to buy BCH
LINK
if bitcoin fails this all fails.
most of the money about to hit the market in the next 6 months doesn't even know what bitcoin cash is.
YES GET IN NOWTHE TRAIN IS LEAVING
Were in BAT country god damnit!Better settle into BCH or they will know you are up to something!
^This.
Crypto isn't going to survive if Bitcoin goes down
Don't listen to the FUD.
It's very simple to explain it to them.
It's actually bitcoin.
Fork resolution process was always understood to be the mechanism whereby what is actually bitcoin is established.
Not proof of AXA investment, proof of neckbeard, or any other associated metric, but proof of work.
BCH destroying BTC would simply be the empirical validation of the theoretical system design that was supposed to result in this outcome.People that can't understand that never understood bitcoin to begin with.
BTC will not fall.
It is the King and it bows to noone!Lots of good things coming up ahead for BTC:- Segwitx2- Lightning Network- CME future market starting in december- New ASIC mining company who can break the monopoly by Bitmain.BCH is nothing but a cash grab, if another flippening attempt happens by all means buy some, but only to sell back for BTC for a profit!Look at what happened to BTC last time, it dipped like 10% in price and then skyrocketed to new ATH.
Its not going to plummet like all the FUDsters are saying.
Lol nice1
It's in the interest of a lot of BIG investors to make sure BTC doesn't fail, because if BTC fails then nobody will buy their pajeet coins that they secretly own with offshore companies.
>Falling for FUD from BCH shillsYou must be new here
You're mom goes down.
Always green when markets red, and always green when markets green
what does this mean
BTC for the reasons  stated
this is the answer you idiots
Buy BCH now.
After flippening, buy ETH.
The supremacy of BCH won't last.
Then you're safe for at least 6 more months.
Probably the next 2 years.
You are on drugs if you think bch is going to the over btc.
reads Satoshi's bitcoin.pdf>mfw Bitcoin Cash IS Bitcoin
It'll be Crypto Winter 2.0, but eventually it will recover.
Something better will be the new coin in charge, hopefully one better than the shit that is BTC and BCH
Wow, some people just don't understand how the economy works at all.
Bitcoin is bitcoin, bcash is a shitty alt.
If you want a coin with superior tech you can chose from a 100 alts that are better than bcash.
Bitcoin is accepted in thousands of stores and exchanges, it is known to everyone.
This is something that bcash can't do.
Every time you idiots say "bcash" you realise everyone just mentally writes off the rest of your passage right?You're threatened so much by something you can't even use the actual name of it.
The thing is; You're absolutely right to be.Enjoy.
Just buy ETH.
It has way more going for it anyway.
I'm pretty sure the fork with the most accumulated hash power is bitcoinThat means BCH will legitimately be Bitcoin soon enough.
Just in the off chance that you're not selfishly canvassing for support of your retarded political malpractice, and actually are stupid enough to believe that BCH is "Satoshi's vision" please focus on the crucial theme of decentralization that makes Bitcoin and blockchain what it is, and realize that this Bitcoin Cash fiasco is actually a giant centralization scheme and cash grab for greedy sociopaths.
Don't fall for the meme or FUD!
Cash is trash, even with technical superiority.
Fast low-cost transactions are not what it's all about.
Bitcoin is a major ideological development for the human species, and BCH is a repulsive attempt to subvert that movement in the name of greed via Jihan Wu and Roger Ver.
Fuck those assholes.
Only Rodger or jihan gets this triggered from calling it bcash.
Bcash is a much better name as it shows it for what it is...
Some shitty alt.
Nope completely wrong.
Bitcoin is bitcoin.
The car dealership down the rode accepts btc to pay with.
Go to them and tell them that your bcash hash rate is higher and they must take it and see what they say!
Fuck you bcash guys are retarded.
no, he's right.
I don't care about the btc/bch shitstorm, but calling it bcash is like john oliver trying to get "drumpf" to catch on.
very cringey
Bitcoin is a major ideological development for the human species>Cash is trash, even with technical superiorityYou people really are cult members aren't you.It's amazing.
Before this shit I never knew the extent to which cryptocurrency politics could make people into brainwashed zealots.
The only thing cringey is how mad it makes you fags.
Language is fluid.
Bitcash is an improvement, but it's getting highjacked by greedy sociopathic Drumpflets.
Not triggered.
Just don't care at all about anything you have to say because you've proven yourself an idiotic shill already.
Why is ETH growing and LTC is stalled?
I know LTC has grown but what makes the ETH technology so much more explosive in price?
4515247>doesn’t read the news>doesn’t realize Bitcoin Cash will be listed on coinbase (eg the biggest normie “exchange” of all time)How stupid can /biz/ get?
Can you fucks be smart for 3 seconds and learn to hedge?
Bitcoin Cash will be listed on coinbaseYou're not being completely honest.
Right now the only thing set in stone by Coinbase's own blog is that there will be wallet access for BCH withdrawls.
Anything else is complete speculationAlso a whole ton of people getting access to BCH that was previously locked and unable to be traded doesn't do good things to the value of BCH
Calling it Bcash is outing yourself as a rabid ideologue core shill.
You think you're doing good by mocking bitcoin cash but in reality you're just pushing more people sitting on the fence into the BCH camp because they notice the organized petty and fearful behavior of your group.
this coin made by a chinese corporation is “bitcoin” even though they have different attributes and it’s creator explicitly says it’s a different coinGood luck with that.
IT'S FLIPPENING
No it's not it's just that there's big accumulation pressure right now because many medium-big actors are switching sides to BCH after understanding the mechanics involved and how BTC can't win when the vast majority of hash power is against it.Be patient for 2 days.
>Papa, why didn't you buy BCash at $1150?
and an unkown amount of Monero
kek
i was wondering this aswel
Who knows, what I do know is that there is a huge pump coming, as long as you buy now there is no way you wont 2x
Indeed.
A HUUUUGE PUMP!
DO NOT MISS IT!
I'd chill on hoping for an imminent huge BCH pump.
In 2 days after BTC difficulty adjustment I expect major moves though.
believing the BCH bagholders who bought it at $2400 who're now desperate to get rid of their pump n' dump coinsyou'll definitely be a millionaire OP keep it up
Eth...
Sell it all and buy ODN apparently.
It has a relaunch and product release on the 4th and smart buyers and slowly accumulating for that right now.
Prob going to dump mine on the 3rd before the hype wears off.
If I’m doubt, make a sensible hedge.Not shitcoins.Bch / eth / fiat are all sensible.Stick with btc , it will suffer but won’t die out just yet