Congratulations.
Seriously

Congrats on lambo.
Seriously.
on what?
These coin hasn't moved from .18 since in forever.
PBC?
Are you literally less newer than 2 days?
Thanks this was fun
sorry it pushed to something like .5 and then died back down to .20/.17 area forever.
(Speaking USD not BTC) this is a shit coin and you're falling for a scam if you invest in it.
It’s funny cause after it moons people will complain that they didn’t buy it while it was still just cents.But while it stagnates and trades low under the radar people will shit talk it and say it’s going nowhere
Dude.
You are missing the joke.
Natural selection

Is pic related legit or meme?
The market cap on Link would only be a few percent of the derivatives market.
rent free
if its titled comparing theworlds heaviest bags then yup, its legit
I'm a faggot - I missed this meme.
What mean?
lower estimate for derivatives market is $630,000,000,000,000>A few percent.01 x $630,000,000,000,000 = $6,300,000,000,000,000,000,000 LINKtfw 1 LINK is worth a mere $6300
In 2069?
hundreds of autist on a chinese anime board suddenly become millionaires/billionaires.
chinesewhat
this already happened with ETH
rekt
THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
fucking retard newfag
Damn right.
/biz/ should buy out 4chan if this happens
That's why LINK will never happen.
Just remember to pay your fairshare in taxes.
That means if you make 20k on this you owe about $8500 to uncle Sam.
Ya know, the guy who gave you the opportunity to make this money?
when moon?
when bittrex?when lambo?
these aren't newfags, these are pajeets Core hired to FUD BCH and they're leaking into other threads
Not all of us live in AMURICA
kys.
there's nothing about BCH that makes it any better than DGB except the fact that it's trying to steal the bitcoin name.
>hide shitlink threads>don't reply to shitlink posters
Hmm.
Well the SEC will determine that, buddy.
Actually not laughed so hard at something on here in ages.This post is brilliant because its so fucking true.This board is full of 16 year old maniacs in their parents basements.
I fucking sold everything at 2.5 and now it's mooning who told me this was easy to day trade????
Wtf do I do now?
pepe4.jpgdumb pajeet, I don't have hold any BCH.
but the fact core hired you dotheads to shit up a business board on an anime discussion site worries me
Fuck off.
Guess what, most don't want your chink scam coin, that's why this pnd shitcoin is now tanking.
FUCK ANOTHER ONE.
SHOO SHOO CURRY NIGGER
lol like anyone needs to fud BCH.
Implying the government knows about my investments.I buy BTC in a national exchange and transferred it to Binance, they will never know the gains I made there.From there, I will liquefy my earnings in the national exchange again, but bit by bit, just so I'm still under the roof for tax exemption.It's like you guys don't understand how to not pay taxes.
Get the fuck out newfag
it's a meme.it's a meme that's only been around for like a couple weeks, and not posted very much.
easy to miss
this coin will never moon
poo in loo falseflagging
Deluded.
It will moon, maybe not as much as everyone expects it to, but it will definitely hit AT LEAST $3.And if you bet in Ethereum's smart contracts you also have to bet in Chainlink, because Chainlink is the middleware that gives smart contracts its real life usefulness, if you invest in Ethereum and don't invest in Chainlink, you simply do not understand smart contracts.
It's like you are an uneducated edgelord who has no clue.t.
tax lawyer operating in Luxembourg :^)
Don’t daytrade btc pumpsChain link holders have the weakest hands seriously the second btc starts pumping they dump but the minute it stabilises they buy back in you literally just sold the bottom.
If you aren’t one of the first to dump you should just hold.. unless btc randomly decides its going to 10k then we will lose 70% our portfolio again probably
saying things>but not saying one argumentWaste of crypto.
really hope so dude.
I'm holding this for a year due to capital gains.
If BTC goes past $10k before this reaches $1 or at least breaches $0.50 it will be a saaaaad day.
Yeah, I want to buy more Link, but I don't think it's gonna change all that much in the next month, and since there seems to be some announcements for bitcoin, in the coming months, it seems to make sense that it's smarter to keep bitcoins, until the ratio of link/bitcoin drops considerably, even though link will probably still be $ 0.20.
>investing in "chong lank"*inhales deeply*AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
thissheepminded people, nothing you can do about itthey wait for any coin to drop and when it drops they don't want it anymorethat's why most of /biz/ will never make it