I'M GETTING FUCKING REQ'D
Same Ive bought at 0.00016002 3 days ago I was thinking the price was at his low
This fukin REQmarine
Still pennies.
Super comfy over here, keep buying the dip
The dip go always deeper
just bought another 10k
Wow.
You bought at 0.00016 and you r fcking crying?Bought in with 4 full accounts at ico price.
I am not REQt, i am getting Killer right now.
Pump to Ico price to dump this shit bags.
Calm down rakesh.
How should i come down with a nearly 7 digits REQ stack??
I am losing money faster than i would be able to burn it.
I was in loss since the ICO Ive bought some at low price I'm fukin more in loss, next update in one week
I tried to average down too.
But this shitcoin is getting deeper every day.
Crypto reserves are soon done and no end in sight.
This is just a regular Dev update, nothing special will be announced
Wasn't the cap like 6 or 7 eth per person, so you invested like 24-28 eth?
How is that 7 digits lol
I bought at .00012.
Feeling pretty comfy.
Doubt it goes this low again, but if it does I'll probably buy more.
I don't see why it's getting dumped so hard below ICO.
Are you able to comprehend what i am writing?
4 accounts - 4x maxed out
this faggot scam coin keeps bleeding outwe were all fucking dupedjust unloaded my bags for a 30% lostfuck this french scam coin
the pain when fucking everything is green and req -10% more.WE GOT REQT LADS SELL SELL SELL
Day 1 individual cap : 6.713 ETHDay 2 individual cap: 13.426 ETH minus what you contributed on the first day.If you contributed 6.713 ETH on day 1, you will be able to send another 6.713 ETH on day 2.Day 3 individual cap: 26.852 ETH minus what you contributed on the first days.If you contributed 6.713 ETH on day 1 & also on day 2, you will be able to send 13.426 ETH on day 3.Day 4 individual cap: 53.704 ETH minus what you contributed on the first days.
how much money did you invest in reqt?
You don't wanna know this.
I am down nearly 30% and my avarage cost is around 0.00018-0.000019That was officialy my worst investment decision, pump it once more up to Ico level and i am gone, i promise.
I knew this was a scam the moment I saw YC and ING plastered in the site with no proofAnother ico scam for 30 million dollars... and guess what their ico eth is now worth 34 million
thnx for those cheap bags.The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient."
-- Warren Buffett
Website will be launched in Q4 2017
Instead of Q1 2018
Im still comfy.
I'll hold my bags in this for the whole of 2018 unless I find another better project.
shit needs to get on a higher volume exchange
Thought everyone knew this would pump q4-q1 when they start releasing their product.
Can't understand how people can get this cold feeted this early...
Wait until friday and we will be above Ico.
Wait 1-3 month and we will be atleast 2-3x ico.
Was kind of expecting a drop since the volume is of low.
BATTLE CRY OF DIGIMARINES LOLTHIS IS LITERALLY DIGYBITE 2.0
 I am down nearly 30%Pffffff...My REQ/LINK stack brought me a pretty nice 70% loss.
Now I'm back to 50% loss
Ripio credit Networkread about it10x betterthank me later
People on /biz/ are mostly just newfags and don't understand that Ethereum token projects typically take a while to get their legs under them.
REQ is one a few good long term holds now.
Payment gateways are a multibillion dollar industry.
There will be interest in this sector but they need to deliver a product for it to start taking off.
REQ/LINKThe stack of greatness and death.
You make it or you die, there's no middle ground.
How can you be down 70% when the FCK have you bought?
And all those people " wait for Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 " are already so deluded and emotional bag hodling.
I just want out, but i guess i will pull the trigger with the next Dev update pump, upportunity costs are too high right now and this shitcoin wont pump in the next 3 months anyway
dude what was digibytes usecase even?don't compare that shit to REQ.
This is what happens when whales have given up on a coinSell sell sell with 0 buyersBaggssWill go to a 12m cap like the monetha scamcoin
no real whale has given up.
Rakesh selling 30k Req is nothing.the big investors stacked their shares away and will look at it again somewhere next year.Maybe you should stop being a weak handed faggot and do the same.
This guy gets it.
I've been buying all the way down; I'm hoping to catch it under 500 sats -- I missed it last time at it's all time low.
C O M F Y
4433980this.
please sell your req so that the price go down and i can accumulate even moreim looking confidently into the future
YES PLEASE.
I NEED SOME 300 SAT REQ
the amount of fud is screaming BUY
^^ Emotional bagholder
MUH YCOMBINATORMUH MUH MUH V V VERY AGGRESSIVE MARKETING
Show me on the doll where REQ hurt you anon.
how about you and all your faggot friends buy some right now so it can get past ICO price
Jumping around between REQ to LINK
Bought pre-SIBOSBought ICOI believe this is the ultimate nuy high sell low combo
how about no
Sucessful on KNC and RDN rekt on AMB,REQ,AST I'm waiting for FND and AUC
Why does this service even need a token??
Just charge a fee in the initial payment typeScam ico
Just charge a fee in the initial payment typeThey're targeting 0.05-0.5% merchant fees, which is basically unheard of in payment processing.
The only way they'll be able to operate in the future is if token value increases since they surely hold a bunch.
Token burning during transactions will eventually create token scarcity and push the price up.If the idea doesn't take off then it crashes and burns anyway.
when I'm feeling unsure about my REQ investment I always just go visit the website and read some one the blog , the use cases and white paper.
Always calms me down desu.
It's a good hold.
Brainlets that can't into blockchain keep fudding it but I'm pretty convinced it's one person or maybe a few people on the UTRUST team trying to get it to tank.
I mean who the fuck tries to daytrade a token when its company hasn't even finished its product yet.
Guys, if you made it this far, you might as well hold until Colossus, its only a few weeks away.
While you faggot's panic sell I'll be getting myself a new car for Christmas
There is Proof for the YC on the website.http://www.ycombinator.com/companies/
yeah.
also if you buy 100k req right now the price goes up by 10% atleast.
It's mostly pajeets selling their 5k req for a 3% profit.I'v sold at a loss before and I always regretted it after.
cause at one point the coin i sold at a loss went up to profit zone again.it usually didn't even take more than a week either.
what can you say about this?
2500 OMG.
well yeah.
you can understand that the OMG train has long passed.
but if you can gather some 100K REQ you can become a node operator and make a nice passive income that way.
Buying REQ now is like buying OMG when it was trading at cents.in a few months people will flock to REQ like they flocked to OMG.
deluded
Lmao I was reading the whitepaper and thwy actually expect local governments to use this for payments and easy transparency lmaoThese morons don't know how governments work
 Yahoo and ING backed company.> Gobermint isn't listening to thempick one.
4433739>can afford 7 digits of REQ>barely been a few weeks since it launched>this much of a PajeetEither you made your money elsewhere or you were really lucky with a moon mission, either way either drop this Pajeet mentality or just get out of investments.