>Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin!aaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahhahahah
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
thanks for the update, bought the dip.
the dip is 600, watch the panic under 1k
the panic will be hilarious
That's actually a nice buy signal, you retards.I hate the chinks too, but you should buy.
"Not going up right now since the $2.5k spike!!"Lel.
buying a crashing coinyou won't sell me your bags, pajeet
Make it stop, please.
if only there had been some way to predict this!
4387566
I just want it to bump for a day so I can offload my bags at 20% down instead of 40%.
buying a deflationary coinhttps://fork.lol/reward/inflationJust wait for the next BCH hard fork, m8
After delaying the blocks, now the big dumps are incoming
>Whales wasted hundreds of BTC buying in near the top>Roger literally threw thousands of BTC away trying to pump BCHDoesn't get better than this
that tasty descending wedge>corecucks can't into TA
Crypto is basically predictable in its volitility so i really wonder why we keep having threads about how it hasls crashed yet again.
TA>cryptowe got a 22 year old pajeet LARPing as a wizkid here
Like really the only way to avoid a crash is to simply write off crypto and not invest in it.
GO BACK WHERE YOU BELONG
Crypto is basically predictableYou're right.
It's gonna continue to bleed out just like the last time it had a run up
each failed attempt to kill BTC reduces the ability to do so of the people that want to kill BTCI LOVE IT
or you could buy monero, monero doesn't care about btc, monero cares about usd

Btc basically lost half its value over night.
The problem with this stock-like value system is that it effects the value of the currency itself, which is unlike stocks not affecting the base currency system used to buy and sell.
It also lends itself to hysteria and mania, as a trending leak will explode into a full blown hull rupture as everyone sells/moves trying to keep the value of their investment while ironically being the source of lost value.Crypto is so dumb, guys.
Btc true god
>tfw you realize bch wouldve hit parity with btc if bithumb didnt get suicided>tfw you realize (((they))) want blockstream to win because its already under deep state control
tfw you realize bch wouldve hit parity with btc if bithumb didnt get suicidedIf the whole thing got killed by one market going down then that should tell you how flimsy support actually was up at that point
Blockstream ceo is a well known Cypherpunk.
Retard.
Try harder Faggot.I
why is anyone even posting against BCH if it does not pose a threat?
why waste your time?
ah, you have nothing better to do and you are afraid.
it's okay, anon.
you've been a bagholder before but now it's your turn to gloat and return the favor because you've made it.
i can't wait to be in your shoes.
pockets full of coins.
sitting on a computer and bashing your old self.
yeah, you "used" to be a loser.
Lol cypherpunk my ass.
Get ready for your local financial centers on the lighting network guys!
because i'm trading while browsing /biz/nice tinfoil hat anon but some of us just like shitposting and making fun of pajeet bagholderswhat do you have to be doing right now?
you're in this thread too.
we are the exact same except we differ in opinion and you're salty and I'm just playing the market and have no investment in any coin in particular
also for the record never been a bagholder, been hodling BTC since 2012 and tripled my BTC this weekend thanks to BCHare my bags heavy, anon?
post proofs niggerfaggot
you have nothing better to do and you are afraid.No, there's a substantial portion that are just paid by Blockstream to constantly shit post.
You see a lot of these threads and ask why they're actually being made.
They're not that lulzy.Top tips to spot the shills:1.
Never uses Bitcoin Cash.
Always bcash/btrash etc2.
Constant xenophobia/Roger ver conspiracy talk.
There's never any real point to this and the argument relies on you hating Chineses or Ver to make you not like BCH.3.
Doesn't respond substantively to your arguments.
They literally have a few pages of talking points at their pajeet station so if you make a point that hasn't been addressed they'll be at a loss and just swear at you or go back to xenophobia/other vague statements.4.
Doesn't mention other crypto.
They haven't been instructed on other altcoins.
They won't pump ETH or litecoin or Monero or Bitbean or link or anything else.
It's just "Bitcoin is great, keep buying it" and "Bitcoin cash is a chink conspiracy for... something"
yeah the buywalls will be sold to for sure... btw you are a fucking idiot
And to be clear, there are plenty of people who are hesitant to get around Bitcoin Cash.
Just because you don't like Bitcoin Cash or like BTC doesn't make you a shill.
But there's a select group of posters that do the mentioned shit that are just paid corecucks
k lol
because I made 80k with that run from 5.5k (I bought at 5.7) all the way to 7222, where I just sold and will reload tomorrow?
those bcash bags will be the heaviest known in crypto
SHUT UP YOU LARPING FAGGOT
He actually thinks there's astroturfing for BTC on fucking /biz/Take your meds anon
>le selective graph vodooIf you take it from when it was 300 a month ago and make a line, it would point upwards.
If you take it from when it was 600 not many days and you make a line, it would point upwards.
i am so sorryi truly wish that you could overcome your own stupidity, and my empathetic nature is making me feel really badi need to be more grateful everyday that i am not a brainlet.
4388175where'd you go senpai?
want some trading tips?
And then if you look at where it was after the last pump up to 0.25 you'd see it was a slow bleed down from that point for nearly 2 months
Glad someone pointed this out finally.
The reason BCH is being discussed/FUDDED so much is because of fear.
Large companies dumped their BCH for their "free money" as did a bunch of cucks who listened to Blockstream and they're fearful because they don't want to buy their coins back for 3-4x their sell price.BCH is feared because it's not going away and is a contender to replace BTC.
Hell if you go on /r/bitcoin and ask which currency to use to transfer money they'll tell you to use LTC or ETH or some other shitcoin but they will specifically tell you not to use BCH.
Completely forgetting that BTC was/is intended as a currency, not some retarded arse 'store of value'.Ironically I must say to BCH dumpers - thanks for the free money, I'm up 10k so far (started with 2k) and I expect my BCH to quadruple in value in the coming months again.
THESE BAGS ARE SO FUCKIN' HEAVYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Or you throw up some limit sells.
>Thats right goy, you could become rich overnight too!
Just dump.your savings into crypto and watch as money literally prints itself and all your hard earned money magically doubles in value!
running bear is now on the hatTop kek, well memed
>tfw you see a 300BCC sell wall>tfw you look away for one second and it disappears>tfw the price immediately starts going up.Fucking fucking nigger whale faggots.
This is unfair I'm a little fish getting pushed around.REEEEEEEEEEEE
Depending on how deep the crash goes, that's essentially just holding your coin in limbo.
Can't even spend it at that point.
running bear>Not PedobearU w0t
you realize anyone can put up a wall and then take it down right LOL
.
Doesn't respond substantively to your arguments.
GOTCHA.
JK lol.
Lol???
U have to have the funds tho dumbass.
Those large walls are actual whales
JK lol.
Lol??
?Anon please we're worried about you
Please oh please.
I will unironically load up more bags than Santa.
yeah, playing younever trade based on walls, they require 0 commitment
Agreed with this.
Lose 40% or bleed to 60% see pic related
Would the 60% be permanent though?
I'll wait a year even to get out at 20%.
is this at 0.06 BTC?Can ya convert to USD for at the time of calculation?
Oh fuck, my page wasn't auto updating, I didn't realize it had dropped so far today.
I'm already down like 55% lmao.
Maybe 20% is all you will have left in a year.A year is a long horizon especially in crypto.
I would guess your USD investment will be recovered within a years time but the gains you would have lost from not just having it in BTC is worse.
I'm sorry anon.
I tried to warm people in other threads two days ago about the slow bleed phase starting, but the BCH obsessed called me a corecuck and to fuck off
Can someone tell me how roger vers reputation as an authentic person in crypto will not be utterly destroyed but the impending mother of all dumps?
I guess he can just retire?
Is it worth moving what I have into BTC right at this moment?
Unfortunately I moved my other money from BTC into XMR right before it spiked yesterday and don't really feel like moving into BTC at this moment would be smart, it'll probably dip again.
Are you going to try the same strategy at 0.15?
I am shorting BCH right now so what does that tell you about my opinion (not the guy you're responding to though)
Salty shitcoiner sold all your btc below 5000
I guess he can just retire?Dude's fucking loaded on BTC still so he could retire whenever he wants
Im a normie, i bought BTC.
BCH is totally out of question for me and its appeal is that of a fake.
I totally would only buy BTC cause its the original.
I dont mind about the technical improvements of BCH, BTC is just bigger and established.
Not sorry to tell you the truth.
Im most likely not alone with this opinion.
Also take in amount most people like me have at max heard of Bitoin and MAYBE Ether and thats about it - no Alt's etc.
BCH appears like a fake....
Sure XMR is ok.
I'm not going to shill coins but BCH isn't looking good.
The XMR isn't important, I was just pointing out BTC has just had a huge spike over the last day (10%), so maybe its not a good idea to move into BTC at this moment?
I guess I could try holding in an Alt?
Or would you just move all BCH into BTC right at this moment.
Quints and BCH dies
Im a normie,Quality advice will surely ensue.
Guess we'll be funding israel a little longer.
Nice try.
Congrats on this.
Shit I hope it crashes hard I want to buy in while its cheap.
BTC price(.06) = $430.50 as of writing.
Day one stuff man.
But it's not .06, it's at .15 or about $1060
Valiant effort.
lurk more