Got 10 ETH, what should I spend it on?Already own ARK, Link, and a small amount of ODN.
Shill me boys
POWR
this.
Wait till it drops a little more tho
LRChttps://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7efresh off the presses
Send me some ETH and I'll give you some info for 6 month holds for $$$
I live in aus and I don't see how it will be any good?Considering it..
more ARK
Aussie here too.
They're in the infancy phase of their company but have a working product that will role out.
The government is throwing money at a project that has some big named partners too.On top of this, they're working with Origin and Western Power.
HST
Either BCH or just hold for the inevitable ETH rise within the next 2 months.
Already doneI'll check it out I guess, call me stupid but I don't see how blockchain and energy companies will work well together for my bank accountNo
ETH looks like it's about to breakout.
Just hold it for now
Research more of the project.
I'm long term holding their token but I've already 5x my money.Look into LSK and TenX for 6 month holds.Best advice, leave 50% in ETH and spread the other 50% into the 3 above.
PillarPayPieEOSZCashOmiseGOMoneroDashI don't own any of themTell us how it goes.
>selling your etheth will outperform everything you dummy
Oh wait.I do own EOSSorry about thatI am a lying shillIf it is any consolation i am not selling my EOS
BAT its ripe for a happening and then some when you think about it.
HST.>real life usage (combining voting system with blockchain)>professional team based in Australia>government as clientThis is a sleeping giant.
Will start trading on kucoin in 7 hours.
Bitcoin Cash
ARK.It's new floor is $3, it's been fluctuating between $3 and $3.50, but will burst up to $10+ once mobile wallets are out.
From 3.5 to 10 is more than 200% jump dude lmao.Even BCH and NEO rallies were not even half of that.
D. Va (pump group) Crypto of the month is WAVES.
I trust them more than most anonymous posters.
I'll still hold some obviouslyFine, I'll research it.Already own plenty
Why would I follow a pumo group only to be shat upon?
You won't regret it, anon ;)
When people say this I normally do, but fuck it you get 2 ETH
Kek welcome to the club, anon!I went all in on this coin.
This is really the next moon mission after POWR (funny since they are both Australian), if not I'll kms because I invested everything I have.Fingers crossed.
Shill me more peeps still 8 ETH left
This guy is right, powr is a piece of shit, dumped that shit when it was at its high.
Faggots shill this crap like its a funny joke I think.
What exactly do you hate about it?I haven't gotten around to reading up on it but I'm interested in opinions
God your a faggot.
Because the Australian government is giving them money doesn't mean shit.
What $8millions, Cmon dude $8million to any government is nothing you faggot
Kyber, getting listed on bithumb soon
Look into ALIShttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alis/https://alismedia.jp/Basically, it is the Japanese version of steam and the tokens will be used in Japan for gaming and social media things.
It hasn't reached 30mil market cap yet (generally where new tokens/coins end up in the first few months), low circulating supply and not too many in reserve (which they are planning to burn some of I believe).
I truly believe this will make top 100 market cap within 6 months and top 50 within a year if the devs stick to the plan, which so far they are.
You could be looking at $10-$20 each this time next year if not more.
Plus it just had a dip after a bit of a pump so it's a good time to buy in.
You could even buy in to flip it in a few weeks for 100% if you wanted IMO.
I don't have bags either, I bought in at 20c and will hold until at least $5 maybe $10.there is a little hidden gem for you OP.
Enjoy.
DNA