will money make me happy
If your problems are based on your economic status, yes.
n
nopebut it can feed cloth and shelter you while you pursue it.
No.But it will make me happy.
Do the right thing.16iCVw3qQRPNa9fbGMAKyoQDkAcPTUbenB
It will give you spare time to pursue what makes you happy
No, but better to be a friendless unhappy depressed rich person than a poor one.
Of course it will.
Don't believe me?
Ask anyone from a third world country.
It doesn't.
I've made 400k from crypto and I would give it all away if it could help my grandmother who's about to die.
She's the only person who's ever truly loved me and I'm just standing here hopeless as she passes away.shit sucks man fuck all the money in the world
You can buy things that will make you happy.
You can retire and do things that make you happy.The "money can't make you happy" meme is made up by people that try to convince themselves they need to work because they will have to for the rest of their life.
Feel free to donate your BTC to this address.
1FY5VgJB6kLr4r936xKWim4hh5d61pPXza
If you enjoy being a slave for the rest of your life then the answer is no.
No, but it will give you freedom.
I'm so sorry to read that, Anon.
We've never met and never will but I feel for you.
I wish you much strength and love
Happiness is always inside of you.
I think this is a good answer, if you're sad because you don't have enough money to live a comfortable life than it will.
If you're sad because that one girl you used to live and you loved too won't even talk to you anymore and you should kill yourself which I will do soon, please Cindy I fucking love you come back
No it wontBut you will feel economically safeDon't hold on to it, don't try to accumulate as much as possible.
Spend it on your friends, your family, your loved ones and the people in need.
This will make feel happy
No
There's research on this that says money does actually make you happier.
But only up to something like $80,000.
After that it doesn't affect your quality of life too much.
I love Cindy
So that means we should probably aim for 100-150k just to be on the safe side
This, as long as you're making enough to live comfortably and have options then you're fine
maybe a few mill to be dubs safe
Makes sense.
Money doesn’t make you happy, but lack of money causes significant stress, strain or relationships, poor health, etc.
But once you reach a certain baseline of comodortable living, more money doesn’t increase your happiness.
Comfortable living^
no, but it will certainly help.
Only lots of it.
Like a disrespectfull amount of money.
$80,000a year?