Can anybody care to explain what exactly the Pepe frog means and how it is related to cryptocurrency or emotions related to them?For example, attached picture shows a Pepe being blinded by the light of Bitcoin.
Does this mean being powerless?
Suicidal?
I think they're all funny AF but I can't really tell why,


frogs are the archetypal representation of chaos4chan is chaos so pep emerged out of 4chan through the natural selection of memesbefore the frog can become a prince he must fetch the golden ball for the princessneets on 4chan are literally frogs becoming princes through bitcoin
This pepe welcomes you with means of providing suicide.
Why the laugh?
The smirk?
Does he want you to die?
pepe is funny due to his human-like expressions, in combination with the entertaining/relatable contexts he's drawn into
normies, when will they learn?
>What's the deal with pepe
pepe might actually be the best meme ever created.It is absurdly versatile, and always hilarious, doesn't seem to run out of steam either.
Its been around for a while and with all the kekistan nonsense recently it seems like something that would wear out its welcome to due to overuse by unfunny retards, like most memes, but it hasn't.
jokes can't be explained, and still be funny
It means you should buy WaBi.
Normie get out reeeeeeeeeeee
kek

The first WaBi shill I’ve seen here.
Don’t shill the ICO too much, we want /biz/raelis to buy our bags for 5x after the ICO.
maybe your faggot assmy 21 btc will make me a king
NEWFAG GTFO MY /BIZ/ REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
The frog is a hate symbol for white supremacist and neo-nazis, because /biz/ is basically a /pol/ colony it makes sense why you see it here.
In all honesty, the frog reflects the artist who uses him.
Here at /biz there are many different characters in our little story.
You'll see them depicted through memes...Good luck Norman
t. JBPeterson
Thanks anon

Fake and gay as fuck go to that Larp Before the Storm thread and spread that shit elsewhere.
Frogposting just is what it is
Princes get outtttttt.Hodl GBL
>what does pepe mean?
Without Pepe, our god Kek wouldn't have let 4chan win the elections in 2016.Pepe is the personification of meme magic and is summoned with digits
Exactly.
Most memes die off after being mistreated and reaching a certain popularity but my boy pepe is forever.
is this confido 2 ?
>rides again
Pepe is Kek's avatar, who appeared to us in our youth as Kermit the Frog; he chose Donal J. Trump to be Our President and has chosen certain cryptocurrencies -- BTC, ETH & LINK -- to moon in their seasons.Why?For the lulz.>in other words: "for chaos"
eat shit /pol cum stain
Pepe is caricature, a respresation of our emotions shown in the extreme.
He is a vessel used to express our feelings using a common character that we are all familiar with, similar to wojack, though wojack tends to relate more with negative feelings while Pepe is optimistic and usually smug.In this piece Pepe is looking to the horizon and sees a light casting a nearly blinding brightness in his view, to which the viewer can see it is the logo of bitcoin.
This Pepe is being shown that bitcoin is the light in the darkness, the beacon of hope in the pit of despair.
good post
Niec pepes all of you35GrTjBTUobd5ZqjyXyB5vqJ3ppUo5kMsy

i always understood pepe as a bugs bunny type of character and wojak as elmer fudd/duffy duck type.
but pepe is rly multilayered character/symbol to me.
I want to post a rare pepe right now but I can’t because the faggot mod banned me( im on my cellphone).>sadpepe.jpg
You are quite a slow person if you can't look at that image and pick up the context.
Ok. You have a character in the image, perhaps a character one could identify with, he is looking out into the far beyond, into the distance, perhaps into the future and what does he see?
Bitcoin, rising like the sun in the very distance.
It is a positive message about how bitcoin will be a great part of this pepe, and every pepe's future.
As long as he buys Digibytes as well.
That's a setting sun you pants shitting retard.
Sad Bachelor Toad is watching buttcoins finally descent into darkness.