What happened to this board?
everyday its just a new crypto or bitcoin this bitcoin that.
Does anyone here do any good old fashioned real investing?
These "coins" will inevitably all collapse.
fuck off boomer faggot
they're going to collapse that's why CME is jumping in and JP Morgan is "thinking" about getting in and VISA, AMEX and MasterCard have all dipped their toes in.
LOL just LOL
That's the definition of collapse anon!
While I agree we need a crypto currency board, these coins are as impossible to collapse as the Internet and P2P file sharing.
/biz/ was spinned off /g/ as a cryptocurrency containment board retard
I actually think "cryptology" (meaning cryptography and crypt analysis - perhaps IOTA would learn a few things from that too kek) would be better, since I think /biz/ has a severe lack of people who even know what a block chain is.
major banks start buying crypto, sorry explain to me again how this doesn't mean the end is near
muh good ol' 4% a year
good old fashioned real investingOK, like what OP?
OP'S AN OLD FAGGOT.
DIDN'T EVEN PROBABLY DO HIS KEGELS THIS MORNING.
DO YOUR FUCKIN KEGS' OP.........HERE'S A TOWL((((THROWN)))))))))))))))) BLESS UP.
that's only really because money is at it's historical cheapest.
in the old days of 20% interest rates you'd get a lot more bang for buck, if you had them
Cryptoboard
i like how im instantly an oldfag for even questioning crypto, thats the best argument you've got https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBp5HNarQP4
why CME is jumping inOnce there is a futures market, the banks can manipulate the price down by buying as many short contracts as they want with infinite fiat.
Seems strange, but that's what they did with gold.
This is what I'm thinking happens, CME cucks it a bit though with a restricted range
The big banks are coming to cripple crypto the same way they crippled silver, JP Morgan chase is stacking silver like crazy so the know a collapse is imminent with the US dollar.If that doesn't work the federal reserve will move to ban cryptos using terrorism and illegal drug trade and other uses on the dark web as reasons for the ban.
Wealth will be stripped from all who bought into crypto as the fed and gov't will not allow their stranglehold on the US currency.
They did this with gold in the great depression, forcing people to hand over gold for less than market value.It will be an exciting time watching crypto pose to liberate the financial markets but it will never happen, the game is rigged against all of us>doompaul.png
These "coins" will inevitably all collapse.In the future there will be no decentralised private money.
In the future there will be no automated exchanges of value through smart contracts.
In the future there will be no machine-to-machine microtransactions.
In the future there will be no market to speculate on crytpo tokens and no demand for decentralised exchanges upon which to speculate.Imagine being this fucking ignorant, LMAO.
Nocoiners.
Honestly.
There needs to be a way to filter these
da fed n da government n dis n datGod it feels good not to be american
And when they collapse we'll go back to talking about boring old stocksbtw there's still a dedicated robinhood general if you wanna meme out on stocks.
Quite frankly biz should be the last place you're looking for legitimate, intelligent discussion on company fundamentals and price trends
i love the spirit of this thread.
but its like a an ugly one night stand i just can't get to leave me a lone.
No we got this.
The american government controls your life no matter where you live.
dont get me wrong im in many more groups (non 4chan) i just think this board is wasted
They collude with other large banks to short PMs with futures contracts but lately the effect has diminished.
While buying up silver for themselves.
Central banks have been nursing the bond market to keep the bull run alive and well.
Even buying junk bonds in the last few weeks.They can't ban crypto and have already explored that route.
If they do crush crypto it would be temporary but from the look of it right now it is their exit strategy from the Federal Reserve's Tether scam.
A cleansing will come as there is too much trash but I don't see them destroying one of the few vehicles they have to maintain their wealth through the hard needed correction.