Time for a serious talk!You told me to buy altcoins.
I bought them.
Bunch of them.
Even invested in EBET, which was supposed to be a sure pick!And thanks to your guaranteed investment advices I lost like $10,000.
WTFWhat now, should I dump it?
Or should I hold it.
I was holding it for like 3 months already and it does nothing!
While BTC is rising.
Should I go for BTC?
although I'm not OK with just selling it under the price, where I bought it :/
nobbody takes responsibility or gives advice?
responsabilityDo you think this is a fucking council?
ALWAYS DYOR90% of biz post is just fags shilling their shitcoins you are a dumbass for purchasing coins just because some random fag told you so, too late to break even but if you want to get back 80-90% if your losses buy LINK
yeah, it were advices like this "if you want to get back 80-90% if your losses buy LINK" which filled my investment portfolio with all shitcoins, I bet LINK would be another red number in 3 daysIm more interested in what to do with coins, that i already own, sell and cut loses or hold and wait for breaking even?
How much have you lost?
If less than 10% sell... if already down over 30% hold>buy high>sell low>why am I not making profit /biz/?
He straight up yells at you for buying people's bags and then tells you to buy his bags.
i didn't sell yet, that's why I'm asking, because I dont want to be part of buying high, selling low memehowever with BTC rising, i could make more money wih converting it into BTC, than waiting for altcoins to recover
That is literally going to backfire and make you lose more, to even gain 20% through bitcoin it would need to skyrocket to 9K... you really wanna gamble on bitcoin going up almost 2k?Your choice, I would just hold on your alts... is not a lose until you sell
didn't think of it this way, it's surely more likely to some alts jump somewhere in near future by 30% than BTC by $2k
yes, BTC increases may seem attractive because you see them like >omg it went up 1k!but it may be just a 10% increase, so if you want to get back your money safest bet is to hope for an ALT to go up 30+% which is not rare, plenty of coins go 40-90% up some days
holy shit you're hilariously ridiculous.
saged