Daily reminder to never hire trannies on your teams, they will inevitably always create some drama and kick up a storm due to their latent mental illness that cant be controlled.
See Lisk, and its collapse from $10 down to $7 due to its tranny dev
I spoke to a tranny on /r9k/ omegle a few days ago who said he was an intern at some crypton blockchain company thing.
I wonder if that's him.
He kept going on about how he passes, so it that's him then lmao.
Transgenderism is a mental disease.
So true story me and this other dude shared a room with a 3rd guy at a programming company.
He was a long haired hippie SJW and me and the other guy would bust his balls about it all time.
After 2 years of sharing a room the guy comes in one day after a vacation and is now a girl.
The company had to do a full staff meeting to announce that the guy is now a girl and has a female name now.
bust his balls>and is now a girl
Even weirder the guy had a fat ugly wifeDunno what happened with that because I left the company shortly after lol
I thank god I live in one of the most conservative counties in the country, and no one feels comfortable around them.
I don't think anyone I work with would be tranny, and I hope we'd never hire one.Although I was at the pet store the other day and there was a tranny cashier with crazy blue hair.
Nothin but trouble man.
Aren't they down because of an atrocious conference, or uh "community meetup"?
Like, super fucking unprofessional for something that was worth ONE BILLION DOLLARS, where they were letting out shits and fucks
I'd say the fact that she left is a bad sign, like....really shoddy conference, losing a key developer....It's more like they lost their lucky tranny and now the price tanks.
not trying to be mean but trannies, and those with tranny like thoughts, should be exterminated.
just my opinion.
People who volunteer to cut their dicks off have a higher suicide rate than people who lose a leg on accident...Think about that.Gender has a stronger biological neurological basis then having fcking mobility limbs!!!
>Thoughts I was posting something controversial>Everyone agreesAh good then
Kind of cute I think I would suck her fembenisI can't wait to be a crypto millionairea sea of fem benis awaits me mateys
Really makes ya think (((who))) would want to push this agenda on a bunch of goys so they will start genociding themselves.
she a pretty tranny
Where do you think you are?
Here we jerk off to hot trannies on /gif/, but at the same time abhor their abomination of a lifestyle.Trannies should be put to death.
But only if they're ugly.
The hot ones are free to cum on eachother's faces.
mfw i'm a guy at a programming company with longhair contemplating becoming a girl>mfw i snapped out of it by not watching porn anymoredear lord thank you for nofap
If you want to be gay then be gay.
No reason to chop off your dick to become an ugly girl
Were you lonely, depressed and influenced by other trannies on the internet?
It seems like this is what happens to all of them, then they get this impulse feeling of "yeah, this is exactly what I must do in order to be happy".
Identity politics is cancer.
I would dump any coin who's team starts going on about diversity and inclusion.
STFU and develop the tech.
I think the only people who care about identity politics is you guys.
No one's talking about the tech, or the actual real reasons the price was dropping.
You're focusing on the most superficial boring thing.
yup exactly.
i felt like i'd be more attractive as a girl.
but then one of my friends became a tranny, and it got me thinking.. why is this happening to so many guys like me recently?
took me a while but i realized it was because of the porn.
nah i never would have gone that far.
but something about the whole thing just felt very wrong to me.
like i was acting against my own will
anybody have video of the conferenceThat sounds retarded.HOW THE FUCK IS IT STILL A HIGHER MARKETCAP THAN OMG WTF