>Had a credit card for years>$1k limit>Always paid it off on time>Apply for credit limit increase to $3000>Denied>~780 credit score >Apply for a credit card that I read online is given freely to students and even unemployed people>Somehow declined
OP rekt by (((them)))
>years without debt>had some business i had to take care of>resulted in 100$ debt>bank couldn't wait for me to cover it so they did it themselves>told me i can't get a credit card because of year old 100$ debt which doesn't exist anymore
Some banks will deny you if you always pay it off in full since it essentially means they're giving you free creditIf you're always paying it off on time you can probably get by with what you've got anyway, unless you mean you only make the minimum repayment.
If that's the case it's probably a good thing you got denied.
Apply for a higher limit credit card from a different lender, go for a $5k limit.
If what you said is true, you should get it.
I'm assuming you have a job with proof of income tho.
$1000 is too low and my current card offers no rewards at all.I do though.
Fuck it im gonna call and ask
walk into bank to deposit money into joint account I have with my deadbeat mom so she can pay her mortgage >you've been preapproved for a $10000 unsecured line of credit>mfw
This.
OP should make a deposit in the branch.
Every time I go in they try and sell me everything from credit cards to mortgages and everything in between.
The person is on commission and doesn't give a fuck.
I dont really use the bank though.
I'll try going there this weekend to see if they can help me though.
try this:goto your bank manager and tell him that you are thinking about leaving their bank if they don't approve your credit.my dad does this
People get denied credit limits wtf?
Guessing you're not american
I'll just ask them nicely I think it might have been a mistake.
Canada
Are you with RBC?
No td
There's your problem.
Walk in tell them you'll switch to RBC if they don't up your limits.
At RBC they begged to increase my limits.
Feels kinda jewy though.
I'll just ask them nicely.
Guess times have changed when I applied for my first credit card got a 3k limit and than a year later applied for a second one and got a 10k limit
I thought it was jewy for them to ask me to increase my limits not the other way around.
I had no idea people struggled to increase their rate past 1k.
Dude I'm convinced it's a mistake.
I literally have $40k+ across all my accounts with them and have had a cc for years with them since 18.
I'm a full fledged neet who's never held a real job.
That’s fucked up, OP I have one cc with a $3500 limit and another with a $4500 limit and my credit score is like 645.
4257123What the hell guys.....
At least you don't have to pay monthly fees to keep your account there.
Why would you want a cc anyway, just take out a SALT loan.
I think they’re coming out with a card at some point too.
Be making $600 a month> Have $18k car loan> Have $8.5k cc> Have $12k debt (maxed cc n personal loan)Use to have a good job.
The $8.5k card just got a credit increase last year.
Haven't been working at said good job for 2 years.
Surprised they haven't closed my account since I'm like basically black af rn on paper.I guess that's when you know the economy is about dump is when people that shouldn't be getting credit, are getting credit.
ThefuqEveryday they try to get me to increase my limit like im gonna fall for their jew tricks5k limit is enough for anyone
4257277The higher your limit is the higher your credit score can go Having a very large limit is a good thing
We'll give you a reduced rate for 12 months goy, just take it.
How are you on this board?
No bank would deny credit for someone paying off in time.
If they increase it then it increases the chance that they wont be able to pay it all off.
And they know you are a good goy who will pay.
sounds dumb but paying off on time looks bad ... you are a deadbeat because they make no money off you
>Get rid of your credit cards