$1500 Bitcoin Cash...
About to blow past ETH in market cap
It's fucking retarded.
a fake chain coin.
Chinks are pumping.
who knows when they will dump but they will.
They want more BTC... real btc, and this is way they are doing it.
I would be fearful if you bought above $500.
here we go again
I hate chinks and I feel like crypto is a waste of energy and my youth and what ultimately matters I already have a job.
Why am I so hypnotized by $?
I shouldn't give a fuck
Hope you all bought in
if its not one thing in the market its another im fuckin sick of it holding alts.
fucking chinks.
fuck them.
NOW
it is real bitcoin tho
$1600 Bitcoin Cash has risen from the ashes to claim its rightful throne.
Get in now you pajeets or stay poor
More like bitcoin CRASH
It's hitting 2k tonight.
Last chance to see it this low.
i have no friends.
everyone around thinks im gay and weird and im 30 years old.
i cant date so money helps me get love.
i wasted my 20s involuntarily.
bought in yet again at ATH, preparing my wojaks for tommrow as we speak.
>sold half at $1400Where does this stop?
$1500 Bitcoin Cash...
4309985HOLY SHIT BITCOIN CASH MARKET CAP IS OVERTAKING ETHEREUM
i dont understand it and i didn't do research now I think its too late so I'm just hoping to god that it goes back down so i dont kill myself
just hold, 2k tomorrowover core's rotting corpse
You did good, Anon.
Sell the other half at $1600 or so and stay comfy because it's falling down come monday.
I was too weak, I sold at $1k.
Missed some nice gains but oh well
Iktf man I feel similar to you though I'm almost 25.
No friends anymore and I'm by myself.
Get paid well but rent is 1600 a month so can't afford to dump into crypto much like all my old friends that just live with their parents with good jobs and don't have any expenses.
I just feel like money won't make me happy anyways and like maybe I go to med school instead of stressing this shit anymore.
I'm kinda bearish so when I almost bought this and slowly watched it moon all weekend I lost my shit.
Are you me?
everything you just said is how I feel :(
have you ever heard of stop loss?
fucking retard
maybe I go to med school instead of stressing this shitMed school is stressful as fuck, don't be retarded.
I fear this anons original joke went unnoticed.
Do you know why BCC went up?It is becausa D.Va, largest korean coin pumping group.All the coins that D.Va picked,the price went up.The coin NEO was frozen,so it started off as a minus , but ultimately price went up.I will now only follow D.Va picks.t.me/DvaPump
since the flippening is basically confirmed nowyou're looking at least a 2x when it crosses $3000you are literally retarded if you're not all in BITCOIN CASH right now