Why the fuck are 99% of coins going to the shitter right now??
What is going on?Is it really because EVERYBODY is buying BCH right now?
I don’t know man, I guess so.
That or Tether.
https://coinmarketcap.com/There are literally only 7 out of 100 coins in the positive
I feel you anon
Everyone is buying the real bitcoin now.
Also these coins lose 20% on average value which is crazy
Is it too late to bail out and go BCH?
It went 75% in one day.
I'm scared.
GOD DAMN.
Just yesterday evening I was thinking of selling alts and going BCH, since it was so steady.
Could have literally 100% more of my alts.
I luckily sold all my BTC at 7600 and have now only ~1k in alts but still this is crazy.. i don't know if i should buy now either
Just wait my man.
Very VERY good chance this is just a pump and will get dumped soon.
Think so too but still.. could be a bit like the pump of BTC pre 6k so i'm missing out now but we will see
I would say dont do it dude.
its a pump and dump no doubt.
it could go higher but the risk isnt worth it.
once this happens money will flow back into BTC againthis entire cuckfest is kind of like sleeping on your arm and then letting blood flow back for a few seconds
Yeah, looks really similar to the August pump and that one crashed literally in 2 days.
A lot of people are exiting crypto.They see the mess and want out.
They've locked in their profits.When the flippening of is complete.
Bitcoin Cash will dump.Soon the combined value of 1 Bitcoin + Bitcoin Cash will drop below $4000.Screen cap this.
volatility is precisely what's attracting new investors
the real increase in price won't start till after the 13th bch fork, don't let these cucks fool you
That'd be heaven.
lmao
>over the last 48 hours BTC has lost $1000 per coin>Alts not all mooningI'd say 10% of the money ditching BTC is going into BCH, the other 90% is leaving crypto
volatility attracts options traders, not "investors"option traders are bad for the health of the market.
you're witnessing history right now anon
anything that increases liquidity is good for the market, not bad