Press S to spit on graveS
What happened to coinbase?
Everybody's transactions have been pending for the past day and a half.
Go check the reddit.
Everybody is losing their shit.
Fuck you.
ITS NOT FUCKING FUNNY
Isn't that everywhere BTC is?
1000 satoshi/byte fees?
When are these kikes adding BCH?
Jan 1st you retard, this has been known for months
normies don't move their bitcoin.the mempool spam is coordinated by bch pumpers.
It's going to be fucking hilarious when they still fail to confirm after 17 hours and miners go back over to BCH again.Don't worry coinbase users, after 2 weeks the tx gets deleted and you can try again!
my 40 dollars in eth is stuck in the tubes!!!!!
4331601thats not because of coinbase you normie, it's because btc is a shitcoin, it will soon be replaced by bch
That's the wonderful world of Bitcoin with it's 1mb block size.
You guys made it clear you don't want 2x upgrade so I don't know why you're all complaining.
[NO2X]
Also:Holy fuck you weren't joking about the reddit.
lol>November 2017>Trusting an exchange to set their tx fees correctly
Watching bitcoin fall apart after all the shilling is the greatest schadenfreude, fuck you bitcoin shills this is what you get for laughing at alties.
I don't think Alts will stay healthy if BTC collapses
2017>not using segwit
you normal fag scum, normal fags probably do not know about the fork and think they will lose their cash is you dont convert now kek
and think they will lose their cash is you dont convert now kekOr they could just sell for fiat into Coinbase's wallet or back to their bank
using kekbase>the fucking subreddit is gold holy shit>BTC users: we don't need low feesMeanwhile everybody is loosing their shit on coinbase because of the fees top tippity kek
Ark is so much better than almost all coins....
I wish people would realize this.
HOLY SHIT!
What the fuck is going on?!
Someone give me a quick rundown?
its not coinbase it is the 700 million transactions blockage
Alts are literally going to not be affected by this because alts can be traded in a multitude of different coins...If BCC takes over we'll just have to wait to be able to trade at the same value once markets add it.
Mine were pending for 6 hours last night - I dropped them an email and it was released instantly.
12 hours it turns out is pretty usual for them, which is total bullshit.Hopefully they sort it, it should be instant.
Fees there is nothing anyone can do anything about at the moment.
Chinese miners only mine coin with most profit, BCH gave more revenue so they only mined that.
Because of this transaction costs for BTC exploded.
And coinbase was charging outrageous transaction fees to cover the cost of sending them bitcoins.So people are freaking the fuck out.
Fuck off you complete nitwit.
Coinbase don't charge "outragous miners fees".
Miners fees are high right now for the reasons you mentioned.
if you want transactions to confirm you have to pay out the ass.
Coinbase doesn't decide this and isn't behind it.
If they don't add a suitable miners fee your Bitcoins sit unconfirmed doing nothing.And, that''s not even the issue.
They aren't even broadcasting transactions for 6+++ hours.
They just sit there "pending".
Nothing to do with miners fees, and everything to do with coinbase being greedy and/or incompetent.
FLIPPENING SOON
4331733>Jan 1st you retard, this has been known for monthsThey aren't adding it, they are just allowing you to withdraw it.
They haven't said anything about being able to purchase it.
(((Segwit)))