So /biz/, what obnoxious vehicle are you going to buy after you make it?
Pic related.
Fully electric btw.
this, or a black matte lambo
Here's the inside.
>fully electricAre you a some kind of a faggot?Do you enjoy smelling your own farts too?
Do you enjoy wasting precious money on pajeet oil to run your outdated shitmobile?
This'll probably be my every day ride.
To take out every once in a while, can't go wrong with a lipstick red Ferrari.
4429384This looks like an 8 year old's idea if a dream car
dubs means it will happen
Who doesn't enjoy smelling their own farts?
get the 458 instead of the 488
to the moon i go guys!
/thread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyFQVZ2h0V8

a pink and green lambo
get rich>buy a hot hatchbackHot hatches are for poor people who want to experience a fast car
Yeah I'm still iffy on it.
I think it would be fun to drive ironically though.
Originally was just going to get this.
This'll probably be my every day ride>To take out every once in a while
I want a PodRide.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lKq1fGtXFM
Sorry was referring to the OP in the first sentence.
That’s a pretty low bar but alas, praise kek
I'm scared of drivingI commute to work by jogging
cars over 50k USD are for plebs and electric cars are for faggot plebes.
everyone who posts an image of his desired vehicle in this tread deserves to be poor forever.
All these Tesla fans lol, get a car with charakter.
Tesla is a meme.No real car enthusiast would prefare tesla above everything else.
lol you sound like a SJW fag.
Toyota supra, mexicans don't treat it right

Besser sich mal von VW, Audi und co. abzocken lassen.
I just want my R35 GT-R
I like Astons because they're sexy as hell, but classy and not tryhard at the same time
This.
Just a second hand shot bucket or a leased car.Why convert gains made from an appreciating asset into a depreciating asset?Diesel and petrol are being banned in my country for cars by 2040
just someone with more money than you faggot stay poor idiot

The most modern cars, such as the Tesla and top of the line German cars, Porsche etc can all be hacked in remotely.
Tell us, exalted one, what would you spend your riches on?
Nothing?
Ich würde doch auch kein Auto der VAG kaufen ... haha
That is a concern.
no just someone with real interest in car culture, not a nerdy hipster like you.
Even if you got more money , i dont care.
I dont even need 200.000 $ to fulfill my dream , just want a classic BMW or Mercedes for about 20.000€.
you're german and a 20,000€ car is your dream?
what a loser
Nothing screams classy like the feeling of driving a plastic chevy sedan but knowing you're paying 6x as much
lol no.
First i just want a classic car, for example pic related.
If i could have anything i want , i of course choose smth different.
But i work with cars and this would be my hobby i can work on.
Repare, customize by myself etc.
...
But what the hell a real car guy could do with a tesla?
its just fast and muh clean im so natural and fuuuuture gtfo no i dont care.Sry for bad english, now insult me like you want
 forgot pic
I own one
Tesla Model X because the storage space would be nice compared to the other Teslas and Delorean-style back doors gets me hard
Say what you want about Elon Musk, I love the guy just because he's trying to make sci-fi shit a reality.
Schwuli
ja komm sag an , was ist für dich kleiner Pisser ein richtiges Auto?
This.
Electric cars are for virgin fags.
“Wow, that guy cares for tue environment, sooo hott!” said no girl ever
Are you ready for Apple-wielding soyboys to tell you "supercars are shit this tesla is faster lmao" every day of your life from now on?
It's going to be like with the Nissan GTR now but 500 times worse, because every normie on the planet with the most fleeting interest in cars knows about Tesla and electric cars in general unlike the GTR.
Youtube comment sections are already full of "lmao RIP supercars this is faster lol only 0-60 times matter in a car hahah omg I'm so smart".>From /o/ and I agree
If i make it?Probably a Donkervoort but that won't happen any time soon, lmao.
Yep, Tesla boys are rich hipster low T cucks, that bought tesla becausr Le Reddit iron man musk meme car xDNo true alphas drive that fairy shit, and you will never see a hot bitch get wet for a silent, sterilised tesla cuck car
Yes and just look at every real tuning channel and car enthusiast at youtube.
They dont care about Tesla , because Tesla just isnt car culture, its just a fast fuckin battery with no real automobile soul.
Anon you don't have to LARP as a Chad, we love you just the way you are
Vehicles are piss poor investments, buy a functional car with decent quality.You lambo fags are never going to make it.
the functional pleb virgin againWomen like men who are not stingy when it comes to money.
Deal with it
be me
Women won't have and shouldn't have any rights in the future so it doesn't matter.Hope you finish high school with good grades btw.
Well they do have rights and they are the ones choosing if you will be happy or not.
Don’t get so salty about the reality.
Poorfag get out man.
When you feel the Gucci experience you don't care a lot about women like before.Needy is creepy anyways.
A lamborghini is not a neccessity to attract a female.
Respect by your peers, a nice home, good morals and masculine integrity is far more important.If your lifegoal is to attract some roastie that will abandon you the first moment you falter then sure go for the lambo-route.
he thinks women give a shit about moralsThey see moralfags as weak pussies, blue pill get out!
Everyone knows all you need is a good car to get bitches.
Just ask supreme gentleman Elliot
No they don't, women crave men that have high respect in society.
I doubt you'll find a woman that'll stick around.
You must be trolling.
Women want powerful and masculine men not moralfag blue pills.
Honestly, I was checking out cars for the longest time.Specifically the Ferrari, 458 italia, BMWs, Mercedes SLS AMG, hell even the Lotus Elise and Exige.But, I'm starting to realize that a super sweet car only serves one purpose, and that's to show off to the rest of the world.Why do I give a fuck?
Sure, they might turn their heads for a few seconds, and friends might ponder with envy over my posts on social media, but at the end of that day, I'm still an idiot who dropped $100k to stroke my ego.Keep that money in the bank, you're a businessman, not fucking Young Thug.If you want to compare your dicks with the rest of the world, buy a fucking ruler for $3.
keeping money in bank not stocks>implying im not a young thug
are you a soccer mom?get a real car
Gonna get run over one day faggot.
Think of me when you do.
Anon you you can't get I was being sarcastic by talking about fucking supreme autist Elliot Rogers I don't know what to tell you
i8
BUY PROPERTY BEFORE A STUPID DEVALUED NU MALE CARE.
STOP BEING GAMBLE PLEBS AND DO YOUR KEGELS.
20 REPS.......GO
fuck.
BUY PROPERTYNot until another housing crash
Cheapest Tesla
Audi A7.
Bitches won't get off me.
Ford Mustang -67.
HNGGHH
When I get my profits from crypto, ill have enough money to buy a car for every piece of shit I defecate out of my crusty bumhole

Investing >>>>>>>> keeping money in the bank >>>>>> spending on depreciating assets
Yeah, expensive cars are only for those who have money.
My friend took a 40k loan to get a BMW, what an idiot.
When you have millions, you can spare some for 200k car.
Buying a car
4430578fuck the environment, i want 10k torque!!!
[Magical Sound Shower intensifies]
>displaying your wealth I'll probably keep driving my 2006 Ford Fiesta.
ultimate weeb car
Women like me regardless of what I drive because I'm not a dork like yourself.Thinking a car will bring all the women.
hahahaha.
Never change, virgins.
I wonder how much ass-sex he had on that trip
this gets me very angry>Idiots buy $300000 supercars to go 1/2 the speed of teslas!
It's like they hate science and progress!JUST
newsflash dorks driving an expensive car doesnt get you pussy you cant bring your car into the club with you if youre going flush a bunch of money down the toilet buy a nice rolex instead
the tesla roadster goes 0-60 in 1.9 seconds you can sit there with your tiny dick and talk about how loud your engine is but nobody gives a shit except you certainly not women
how does this work in a tight city parking and/or parking lot
There's sensors to make sure it doesn't hit anything and it doesn't need much room to open uphttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iWWkVWUxis
he drives an electric car
Tesla makes such soulless vehicles
that's why lefties love them
Consider this.
Some people have money more than they can spend, then it's very easy choice to pick a nice premium car, or tesla or whatever, instead of an old fart.
People seem to assume all people are poor.
Watches are worthless if you want to buy status.
caring about the environment is pagan in nature if you dont youre either a nigger, chink or just a plain race traitor
Women care about shininess and interior luxury.
Nothing fancy I just want space and room for my wife and our future family.
Sissy detected
Forgot pic

The only thing i want from a car is to be able to turn the heating on from my phone whilst in bed, then when i get to it, the ice has cleared and it's nice and warm.
Just a new Mazda Miata.
I'll probably buy one when I settle down.
I've owned NA/NB and I love them.
A second car would be a subaru or a truck.
Honestly this
How?