The King Monero
This thread always makes me lol
stop shilling it.
It doesnt need it
>got in at .017FEEEEEEEELS SOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOD
Big I true
lol it's like the second in a few hoursIt's hilarious but Monero really does not need it.
Its slogan should be: "Monero: no shilling needed".
I'm amazed by your ability to always buy coins at their peak.Moreno is great, nothing to say, but we will go down from now on (before eventually goin up again) but don't shill it now.
tfw the government shills it for you
dont buy monero faggots
NSA has also been buying up monero because they can't control or monitor so their best bet is to attempt a 51% attack or something
Is there a source on this actual document?
Soon
https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3898109/AlphaBay-Cazes-Forfeiture-Complaint.pdfPage 21
ok its going crazy now
Hope you’re right about it going down again...
I hate these fucking pumps... slow and steady wins the race.
holy shit wtf is going on with monero?
its probbaly not a good idea to buy right now, is it?
I'm waiting for the dip.
It'll come be patient then go all in.
Remember eth ran up to 400.
Crashed to about 158.
The dip will come.
never buy green dildos anon
bought the green dildo at 136 and saw the biggest gainz i've seen in a while.
Good advice tho, i'll remember it
I'm amazed by your ability to always buy coins at their peak.Everytime I see a coin rocket on CMC, there's a biz thread telling fags to buy
>go sleep last night with monero at mid 140s>wake up to 153>monero now at around high 160s/170I sure hope it dips a little bit so I can buy up a bit more before it leaves 100 land forever.
someone just posted a 100 btc sell order, 15 of which got eaten up in seconds, hold me bros
BUY THE DIP NOW
Buy dips, faggots!!
Don’t let the NSA hoard this coin!!
Wow how come Monero is suddenly shilled every hour on here?I made a thread after buying Monero 2 days ago before the pump when it was rarely mentioned
going 70% xmr 2 weeks ago was my best decision of past months
It's getting pumped, so people are talking about it.
I don't know if it's getting pumped but it's a great coin regardless that has value outside of simple hype and PnD schemes.
But does /biz/ even know the reason for the pump?>I think the BItcoin price is getting ridiculous, new ATM,... surely this is gonna dip maybe for months>What's the best coin to go into during the BTC dip?>Do Research>Monero my niggaz
I believe this.
There is a black cloud over BTC.
This can't last.