Is it possible that Bitcoin just been pumped by very rich people to keep the price increasing and they are going to dump their bags soon?
it is
I don't know man, it seems like a dangerous ge, if I was rich I wouldn't do that.
It's pumped by itself.
You don't even need and new money coming into the scheme and it will still go up in price, but the liquidity won't follow unless popularity grows proportionately.
Yes.
As it is unregulated it is prone to pump and dumps.
Hence it's volatility.
If cryptos were regulated everyone talking them up here would be under investigation
this is exactly what happened.
bitcoin is being manipulated by tether.
It's a huge bubble.
Like all fiat.
technicals are showing an incoming crash soon.
Bubble, no doubt.Like all fiat?
explain.
fiat is stable.crypto currencies are a shit show and a lot will be purged soon
Government fiat is based only on people believing it is worth something.
It's only paper and bits in a computer.
You can only use it to trade and pay taxes.
It's a way for the government to control the population.
Money printing is effectively the exact same thing as lowering wages.
Where does all that money go to?
Big banks.
Where does the government get all of its cash?
Big banks.
Where does all the value come from?
The taxpayers.
Who is getting royally fucked here?
The taxpayers.
And all who work for a living, or have savings in fiat.It's an unholy union of banks and governments.
These days this fuckery has even gone global so they have stupid amount of power to implement their croyism and parasitism.
Can you post more on this?
I feel like things are getting overheated too
Fiat is stable only because it's manipulated.
Crypto is volatile because it's 100% free market.
give that man a cookie
Why do you all believe it's massively overvalued?
It's not.
But it's an old tech.
We need to move on.
Woah it's shill fest 2017 in here, gtfo federal reserve kikes
bitcoin isn't pumping, every fiat currency is just plummeting as people see it's a scam
I agree that fiat is only worth what people believe it is worth.
However, that doesn't explain them being a bubble.
Not sure on the relevance/accuracy of your monetary policy, but an increase in supply would drive fiat down.
You can see the Wallets and how much coin is in themBTC is pretty well distributed.Satochi is still the biggest bag holder after all these years.So no.unlikely these richies have the power.A more likely scenario is the Richies want to manipulate the market by threatening to Usurp BTC with a rival coin.For examplePut a few buck into FUD and paying off a major miner or two to "switch" so as to squeeze the BTC/BCH ratio enough that they can get bigger bags into BTC.And then really start manipulating the market from normie and bribe politicians into regulatory capture in (((their))) favor.Fact is the richies missed the boat with crypto.Now they are playing catch up.
u are absolutely clueless.
u should inform ur self then start shilling.
otherwise stfu
been pumped by very rich people no.
nothing indicates a coordinated pump.
it's just very valuable imo.
decentralized and unregulated, insanely valuable.
much more than same market cap stocks while people keep telling btc is worthless compared to stocks, that is not the case definitely.
stocks are probably more on speculative side than btc.there are now something like ~200 hedge funds invested "offically" in btc
dow offecrs still the best risk adjusted return, dow total return is absolutely insane money making machine.
but individual stocks are MORE SPECULATIVE and based on nothing than btc