Sniff Sniff,I was browsing the internet and smelled a lot of dummies on this website.
I love meeting dummies!
They make my lined pockets grow!
I'm going to give you a little hint: Obsidian will pump 2 weeks from a coordinated effort between me and my whale friends.
There will be a sharp and vicious dump at the 17k SAT mark, set your sells there.As a way of saying thanks for contributing to this ride, I will be tipping 10 ODN to those who have an address.
drop your address along with the line "I am a big poopie pants dummy" and I will send you it.Regards,Your ODN Commuinity Lead, S.M.
snnnnniiiiiiffffffffffff...oh yes my dear....sssnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiffffffff....quite pungent indeed...is that....dare I say....sssssssnniff...eggs I smell?......sniff sniff....hmmm...yes...quite so my darling....sniff....quite pungent eggs yes very much so .....ssssssssssssssnnnnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiffffff....ah yes...and also....a hint of....sniff....cheese.....quite wet my dear....sniff...but of yes...this will do nicely....sniff.....please my dear....another if you please....nice a big now....BBBBBBRRRRRRRAAAAAAAPPPPPPPFFFFFFFFLLLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPFFFFFFOh yes...very good!....very sloppy and wet my dear....hmmmmm...is that a drop of nugget I see on the rim?...hmmmm.....let me.....let me just have a little taste before the sniff my darling.......hmmmmm....hmm..yes....that is a delicate bit of chocolate my dear....ah yes....let me guess...curry for dinner?....oh quite right I am....aren't I?....ok....time for sniff.....sssssnnnnnnniiiiiiiiffffffff.....hmmm...hhhmmmmm I see...yes....yes indeed as well curry......hmmm....that fragrance is quite noticeable....yes.....onion and garlic chutney I take it my dear?.....hmmmmm....yes quite.....BBBBBBRRRRRRRRPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTTTTTTTTOh I was not expecting that…that little gust my dear….you caught me off guard…yes…so gentle it was though…hmmmm…let me taste this little one…just one small sniff…..sniff…ah….ssssssnnnnnniiiiiffffffffffff…and yet…so strong…yes…the odor….sniff sniff…hmmm….is that….sniff….hmmm….I can almost taste it my dear…..yes….just…sniff….a little whiff more if you please…..ssssssnnnnnniiiiiffffffffff…ah yes I have it now….yes quite….hhhhmmmm…delectable my dear…..quite exquisite yes…..I dare say…sniff….the most pungent one yet my dear….ssssnnnnniiiifffffffffffffffffffffff….yes….
Xqjskdhe241shsj2ks8jdxnwl2Im a big poopie pants dummy
I love this shitpost
cringe
Listen here.
I am not afraid of YOU or your little unappealing fudding.
You attempt to feebly defend your honour because you are unaware of the persuasive mastermind you are dealing with.It is funny in all honesty seeing you try to win a battle you habe no hope at gaining victory in.
Oh look, there's one now!
Can i interest you in buying some ODN?
Ill give you a private dummy discount if you buy at least 1,000!
love the filename desu
i dont get the fud for this coinit is literally impossible to have lost money on this coin if you weren't a fucking retard and bought highits still 2x from ico price in fiat
Wow thanks for the tip anon!
there is this guy who bought the ATH, sold the ATL and is blaming ODN for his retardnes.
he is obsessed with ODN and fudding it every fucking day on biz.
whenever i see something about ODN on biz it is him.
same guy was calling for the authorities and the fucking SEC - on biz!
because he feels "betrayed" and "scammed".
kind of stockholm-syndrome.
yes, he lost money, money he lent, money he couldn't afford to lose, and he has serious problems because of this, but man... buthurt as fuck and literally retarded, even got banned from the slack.
coin itself is good, the most promising project in crypto right now, to be honest.
i, for myself, plan to hodl it for a year or two.
lol you're so pathetic, don't you ever question yourself before making these posts and think wow what am I doing with my life.
Don't buy at the top and you won't get burned retard.
Keep the fud coming.
Also, stick that 10 ODN up your daughters tight little asshole and push them further in with your wife's cock.
i feel sorry for him, he is in trouble because of this.
he lost money he couldn't afford to lose, and this can be a baaad thing.
and i can even understand that he is fudding ODN, that he is disappointed.
but what he does is not just some funny FUD or an express of disappointment.
what he is doing is toxic, this guy is literally a stalker.
he has a serious mental problem.
This is the most well thought out and concise post I've seen.
That actually made me feel bad for him.