Being a poorfag is suffering.No matter what I do, no matter how well I play the market (I don't), I'll still have to wageslave forever.
What's the point?TFW can't propperly research or trade while working 9 hours a day.TFW 60% of my paycheck is already spent by the time I cash it.TFW you will never make it, despite having such amazing opportunity in front of you.I have no connections, no skills, no time, no money, no motivation, no reason to live.Should I just an hero?
It's saturday night, and in 2 days I'll have to gag on Mr. Shekelberg's mutilated cock for pennies on the dollar.
stop bitching.
others have it worse than you and make it
Keep working throw everything at coins with chances of x10 in the future or just keep accumulating btc if you're bad at telling what's gonna moon,
this just work your way up to $30-50k in crypto and take a year or two off work.
find a skill or hobby you enjoy, and turn it into a career.
If I were to put ever cent I make over a year into crypto, I'd only have 20k.
Of course, that isn't possible, so to get a stack that big would probably take me 3-5 years.
Will crypto still be a viable thing by then?
The muzzle is pointed at the wrong angle.
She would only blow her face off.
sorry to tell you but its your low iq.
you cant do shit about that.
just find a simple job and work hard and do some workout or some sort of physical activity.
dont get a family plz.
the fuck kind of kid wears a dress like that?
It's in every movie and TV show that needs a generic female child but NEVER in my entire life have I seen someone actually wear something even remotely close to that eyesore
t. Roastie that dresses her walking child support payment as a whore
http://revolutionarylifestyledesign.com/change-reality-changing-questions/How can you be so sure there is no way out?
Crypto is the future of money.
It is already too useful to go away.
What i do as a wage cuck is i take my laptop to work and every break i decide whether to sell/buy with eth and other coins then after work see if its worked out its a slow but easy process
Yeah and she'd fucking die.
Not necessarily :)
There is little chance of a young girl blowing the front of her face off surviving.
Since this is /biz/ I am guessing your are to bet on that slim chance of her not dying.
Buy High Sell Low etc etc.
Yes.
Shock does crazy things my dude.
And birdshot is probably loaded anyway.
Why the fuck is her finger on the trigger?
What cunt is taking the picture and not taking the gun off of her?
What the actual fuck?
she must be a link bag holder
meet tree hugging families
did you make any profits?
its ok her face would coem off but the brain would survive
why does she looks stretched out weirdly
>save up $1000>double your money several times>retireWhy doesn’t everyone do this
because people don't know how to do the actual doubling
get $1,000>increase it by 1% every day, forever >buy the world Why doesn’t everyone do this?
throw all your money at a gambling schemeMay as well spend 50k on lottery tickets for massive gainz
Because some people need water after some days.
Food and shelter, you don't have to eat for a while when you're a fat fuck and do some basic workouts to save your muscles and with shelter, the woods are a good place to lay around all day because you don't have energy for anything because you didn't ate in 4 days and keto didn't kick in.
Now comes the problem with making money when you don't have any expenses that would allow you to have access to things which you could use as platform to make that 1%.
that's not ok. the parents should be flogged.
Getting rich is expensive
Yes anon :)
This.
Responded to a medical call where a guy did that.
He lived without a face after that.
Just be an attractive woman anon, and you'll find a beta virgin asian to support you in exchange of nothing: https://twitter.com/RealSexyCyborg/status/932136250454163458