Remember the last batch of Antminers sold by Bitmain (biggest asic mining rig builder).
They ONLY accepted BCH.
They knew something was up weeks ago.
Hop on board anon.
The powers that be have already decided.
Ok, now seriously.
How do I apply to be a paid online shill?I want to get paid for this.
Look at the chart gayboy
fuck you, I'm not talking with you about your retarded shitcoin.
I need a job.
Go to r/bitcoin, private msg theymosEz
but I think the bcash people probably pay better
I listen to bros and hold btc but it keeps going down and now bch keeps rising i am loosing so much money wat do I do?I want to believe in core and lighting netork
Source?
I see you attempting 4D chess.
http://www.trustnodes.com/2017/10/01/bitmain-now-accepts-bitcoin-cash-latest-mining-hardware
Only BCC payment method is accepted in this batchThe key word is this here.
Clearly they will release bitcoin core miners too
BTC dumping hard ... could this be real?
America waking up.
Bch will pump another 20%
happenings happen
yawn
And here I was thinking lurking on biz 20 hours a day was a bad thing.
Let's do this shit.
This makes me bullish on BCH tho.
The largest asic bitcoin mining builder ONLY accepted BCH for their last sale of Asics.
These guys run mining pools, own mining factories... and they ONLY accepted BCH.
Doesn't that seem odd?
I think they know something.
Because they are the creators of BCH you retarded mongoloid
jihan didn't create BCH, just a big supporter of it
https://coingeek.com/bitcoin-classic-closes-concedes-bitcoin-cash-will-bitcoin-six-months/
Holy shit...literally at this pace itll be 1k by Monday
Fuck bitcoin cash.
Bad for all of crypto.
4th on coinmarketcap without any dev team.
Confusing newbies.
Supressing bitcoin price.
Manipulating their own.
And low quality shills on 4chen.Fuck OP for making his brethren lose money on this scam.
Hope the 25 satoshi was worth it.
I'll take the chinks anyday over the jewish overlords
Wow Bitmain only acepts bitmaincoin.
Btrash is completely garbage.
Is the worst fucking altcoin outhere.
The only reason that is still alive is because they put bitcoin in the name.
Lmao man just take the loss and move your btc to bch.
Btc is dsl Bch is cable.
Ada is fiberoptic but its not time yet.
If i want low fees I would use ETH, LTC, ZEC or XMR.
Any of those coins are infinetly superior to Btrash.Btrash only exist to be milked hard by the greedy chinks and dumped on top of the idiots who FOMO.>inflation>EDA>No devs.
Not even a official Github>No future projects.
No roadmap>Centralized>copycat scamcoin>Limited scalability.
The best that btrash can do is 24 tx/s
So you're saying the flippening to ETH is still on?
Totally in agreement with you on this but the crypto markets are anything but rational.
I think Btrash might pump a lot more before it gets rekt.
If anything I believe the fanboys will keep shilling atleast until it's blocks start getting filled or the next big BTC improvement comes around.
so why it's called BCH?also are you guys plain retarded?
btc market cap 120B (from 10B to 120B this year), do you rly think that a 1 dev shitcoin supported by bitcoin judas that is mainly traded in one country and mined by one pool can compare?
You're a red neck retard aren't you, little man?
If by one dev you mean 5 teams,If by one country you mean the worldYes, yes it can :).
Shilling this hardYou're wrongClearly you're just not smart enough to do your own research :^)
Everything you just said was wrong retard.
Bch is bitcoin.
Your corecuck corebucks are gonna be worthless real soon chaim.
Yes please let the butt hurt flow
Your meme is shit man.
Mcafee is on bch side prob mining it right now
Show me the btrash Github
Fuck man ;) you are more retarded then I thought possible haha.
You have absolutely no fucking idea what BCH is right?
I mean.. you come here and you talk shit without knowing ANYTHING about it, my sides are crippled lmfao.Bitcoin Cash fixes business Bitcoin's Achilles Heel: centralized development.There is no "Bitcoin Cash" github.
There are many projects.
As such the project is much less prone to the sort of co-opting that happened to Core.Bitcoin Cash does not rely on a single client implementation.Bitcoin cash has no one "reference" implementation.
Bitcoin ABC and Bitcoin Unlimited both support Bitcoin Cash.
Solves the centralized development problen by having no development.LFMAO
Kek oh bro :).
You should at least TRY to understand what a client is ffs man :S. First I was laughing, now I.. feel pitty :(.
Enjoy your closed source, centralized, soon to be forked, chink scamcoin