am i stupid or will i make it Bro's
Stupid pajeet daljeet.
Best move while btc corrects.
Listing on new Chinese exchange today.
might not be a shitty idea Neo has spent about 2 months @ $30.
If you look at ETH it did the same and jumped to 300 within 2 months of that.
In terms of making my BTC , I made most of it buying 100 ETH in April and Flipping it into BTC when BTC hit 300.
the whole fiasco atm with BTC im looking for a safe haven so to speak wich can bring me some gains in the mean time.
steady good alt goes up, btc goes down.
I get much more btc then i orginally had.Is there a better choice then NEO For my plan>
Might split 50% Monero NEO
Best strategic safehouse is the xmr neo ltc split
Once the Great Wall of China is done and over with (next couple of weeks) , I'm going to worry less about BTC shaking down Alts.
0x and DubaiCoin getting their own exchanges will stabilize the nutty BTC rise/fall panic dumps.
ok i admit i thought this coin was a cheap imitation of ethereum, but it might be even better.>multilanguage support>already on POSShill me on NEO
psst.
I'm seriously considering the same, OP.
About 66% of my portfolio is NEO already and I fucking love the coin.
Debating whether or not to pile in another $3000~ USD or use those funds to diversify.
NEO is the shit though, really.
moneros sounding pretty fucking good.
BTC looks more and more likely to trip and knock itself into a permanent state of retardation, aside from fiat the best haven is going to be something that can pick up current real world necessities.
BTC is for drugs / laundering XMR, it is for scammers ETH, it is for storing value gold.
What else?
I would suggest these are the dips to buy, you really don't want to be hodling any crypto if it falls to bits.
tfw you have actually made a right decision for once
i make the most logic Moves most of the time to be fair just wanted some thought proces from other anons in the same boat.I always can miss some small details
ICOs are illigal in China ... why should NEO Moon?
What about you learn some english bro before investing