>cant get a job in my field due to having little to no experience>cant get a graduate role due to graduating too long ago am i well and truly fucked?
Start your own business cuck
dont have enough crypto gains to start a business :(
this.
OP you will find that no one knows what they are doing.
just kind of make shit up as you go, dont take things too seriously, and keep at it and you will be successful.
not sure what sort of business id start anyway since i have a degree in chemical engineering.
all of the engineering consulting firms have most of this shit covered :(
Just buy bitconeeeeeeeeeeeect
You start with internships and seasonal positions.
Don't look for 65k jobs, those want 1 or 2 years experience.
Aim lower.
Im in my last year of Bachelor's, civil engineering.
I work part time for the DOT as a seasonal worker.
My title is construction inspector.
My job consists of literally standing around and watching thr contractor work and then filling out a work report for records that takes about 15 min to do.
Most of the day u take naps, trade crypto.
The contractor only works about 1-2 days a week the other days I chill in the office killing time.
Watch Netflix.
I've clay barred my car and changed brake pads in the parking lot on the clock.
My boss doesn't care, 50% of the time he's playing solitaire.
And most days he works 7am-12:30pm and leaves.
The rest of the office start leaving 5 min after and still get paid 8 hours.
It is the most job I've ever had and I've been a lifeguard.
Your tax dollars at work, people.
Con is I only get paid 16.50 an hour plus about 600 bucks a month in gas credit.
But man u gotta start somewhere.
Don't be neet.
After 2 years of this type of work you can start applying to big boy companies.
cant get a job in my field>little to no experienceSorry bud, it's not your field then.
Make it your field with entry level shit positions, internships, certifications, volunteering, whatever.
Everyone starts somewhere, you're just being defeatist.
I've been in crypto for a few years, didn't graduate, have no skills, ez money m8, believe in the crypto and you'll never work a day in your life.
>disabled but cannot get on disability>just bleeding out my savings month by monthYou're on easymode faggot.
literally applied everywhere, no one seems to be hiring atm.
but thanks for assuming buddy