To fags with $5000+ crypto portfolios without a Ledger Nano S or Trezor why are you such cheapskates?
How can you justify not using a hardware wallet?
calling people fags>having dicks saved on your computermany such cases
Honestly curious... Do you not have to transfer ur coins back to the exchanges all the time?
What's with the fees?
I used it as bait obviously.
I guess it worked for you anon
Really?
You have portfolios greater than $5000+ and you're worried about small crypto fees at the cost of security?
Do you want to be goxxed?
I use a Trezor for long term storage, but yes, fees will eat your gains if you are day trading.
Only have 1100€
 I was being a fag IRONICALLY
So you give your coins to strangers so that you play lottery with it?also trezor (I guess leder too) use segwit address already, so transactions can be sort of cheaper.Anyways, good luck with your lottery numbers!
Interesting, thanks!
Get a hardware wallet seriously, use my referral code.
Kek.... just kidding kiddo
What is potential hardware exploit>What is hardware failure >What is someone torturing you to get your coinsI keep my shit on a paper wallet, locked in a safety deposit box, created by an offline linux PC.
Trezor and Ledger are for faggots, like you OP.
I use cotton paper, which is proven to last hundreds of years, unlike your shitty chink electronics.
The fees are literal cents unless you're trading with Bitcoin specifically.
>hardware walletI have 3 usb sticks with a PGP encrypted archive with all my private keys, does this count as a hardware wallet?
What is potential hardware exploitIf you're this paranoid, then i suggest the ledger nano S which has a secure element you can verify if the hardware was compromised.
also, exploits?
really.
the same can be said for the paper wallet generator of your preferred shitcoin.>What is someone torturing you to get your coinsAnd people wont be able to beat you up for your paper wallet?
You dont have to bring your hardware wallet with you outside your home.>What is hardware failure Backed up by a seed buddy, i can burn my trezor and ledger nano S and get my coins back anytime>I use cotton paper, which is proven to last hundreds of years, unlike your shitty chink electronics.Again, a hardware wallet is backed up by a seed which you can store on paper.
The hardware wallets have some extra features I think such as a physical button on the side to confirm transactions and stuff like that.
I am curious as to what the major difference is though.
4280580Also, you're more likely to lose your money by playing Mr.
IT with your paper wallets.
Than for your ledger nano s to be compromised.
Just one fuckup with your setup and its gone.
What if I actually just trade with that 5k reguarly?
Wouldn't it be a hassle to keep it in my wallet and having to transfer in and out.
Eh i guess 5k was too low as the base amount for this thread's topic.
But you get the point, anon right?
People holding coins long term, why dont you have a hardware wallet?
Did you use a dumb printer too?I had mine in paper wallets too, but for the upcoming fork I took them out and put them in a trezor.Then the fork is not happening.
At least now my coins are more usable.
just have the technical expertise to inspect your hardware wallet bro>just use linux and make your own os bro>just build your own mesh network broHardware wallets are a masturbatory exercise for powerless people who want to believe they're a big deal after they got lucky gambling.
The device isn't a bad idea, but it's fundamentally useless.
It's infinitely more likely you'll get robbed for cash.>t.
6 figures in crypto, paper wallets and online wallets>also used the internet for 22 years without an AVStop clicking dodgy links.
Stop using the same password for your email and random shitholes.
Stop bragging on Twitter.
Stop allowing scripts and ads.
Stop holding shitcoins on pajeet exchanges.
Finally, stop pretending you're some cool cyberpunk and start applying some common sense.
There, you've reduced your risk profile by 99.99%.
All this hassle just to avoid spending a a hundred dollars or so kek what a pleb.
The main advantage of hardware wallets over your complicated but equally secured method is convenience.
You're the type of stupid nigger who obviously doesn't even know how a hardware wallet works, but you'll talk shit all day like you do.
You think you're so smart, but you really just have no idea do you...
This was for you anon 
Oh shit i messed up my replies, sorry im mobile
It's so much easier to just keep your keys on a wallet that basically nobody can ever get... Not to mention, at least on a trezor and maybe others, you can have different password protected wallets that nobody knows exist but you, so even if some nigger beats your pin number out of you, he has absolutely no idea the password wallets even exist.
But hey whatever bud, keep your private keys literally exposed, printed out nicely.
Yeah hahaha the dude thinks hes some hacker playing with his linux boxes lmao
if you're paranoid, why not just download a wallet, store all the coins in it, copy backup files into multiple USPs and delete the wallet from the computer?
And what is the process of spending your coins after youve done that shit?
Hardware wallets let you spend shit securely in a few clicks.
No matter what your keys never leave a hardware wallet.
You can use the most fucked over, rated, spyware, virus, malware infected computer on earth, and pajeet still can't get your money...Why is this simple fact hard for people to understand??
spending