holy shit, it didnt even dip at .0001enough daytrading bullshit, im gonna buy and hold now
yup, same.
i quit daytrading because of this coin.
this is as good as NEO but not illegal in its home country.
Which will make it thrive.
Buying high, good to see /biz/ carrying on the tradtion.
Make sure to panic sell when it crashes.
been awake for 2 days trying to day trade this, just keeps going up.
Every 10c it goes up I think to myself damn I should have bought more, its too late now, then it goes up another 10 ><
It's unreal, let this slip through my fingers and lost the chance to 4x my stack.
Don't want to buy now because i'm afraid of a pull back.
This coin needs to be look at in 15-30 min candles at a min unless you're autistic
pullback @ $1 ?
I don't wanna get linkd again that's all
for the people who bought this early in the game, what made you invest?
i quickly glanced over this a couple of weeks ago, but it seemed like bullshit to me.
could've gotten in when it listed on bittrex, fml
PBC leak got my attention, researched and realised its actually not a shitcoin
Exactly.
It's funny to see how much the fake leak has helped.
Pretty scammy move by pnd groups for a project that actually has a lot of legitimacy.
I'm actually convinced the leak wasn't a fake, PBC was supposed to call powr as the monthly pick (previous month said something relating to energy) PBC gets leaked, they write a new monthly with dash?
(wtf) price didnt dippowr slowly creeping up, whales accumulating
I bought the ICO, thought it was a legit idea.
Didn't expect this to happen so early tho.
Damn I forgot about that, he did say something about energy that never followed through.It makes a shitton of sense since it kind of reminds me of OMG in the early days.
Good partnerships and already has proven stuff in the works.
australian government milk mommy.
anyone in crypto the sees the word government is going to buy the shit out of it.
just with i didnt sell early
the PBC leak is what actually put me off...so many fakers.
crazy how this was up for grabs on etherdelta for like 5 fucking cents, it did a x15 in almost no time, meanwhile i'm bagholding LINK.i missed so many moon mission, it's not even funny, how can a person make so many bad calls?
well i didnt think it was fake, it was hosted on the same domain as the other monthly releases, the url fit the normal pattern of when you upload something to your website with the date folders etc..anyone could have setup a server on amazon and put pbc-assets in the domain but it looked legit