>BCHbiz is completely useless now.
There's so much coordinated shilling (pointless for them since there userbase here is so small).
Every single pink wojak in the catalog is a dig at bitcoin and shill for BCH.
Instead of today's 10th "I told you to buy x 2 weeks ago" thread, here's the best real advice you'll ever get from biz: leave biz, get your info from elsewhere, and you'll make more money.
It's worse than linkies.
The dump is going to be epic.
desu I don't blame them trying to exploit all the windowlickers and pajeets that stumble in here
Did you miss the rocket?don't worry there's still timeremember biz' motto
Wait wait wait I made one of those threads and Im not getting paid by noone.
jihan would pay you at least 7 cents a thread for your bad posts
biz is just shitposting within a specific topic, like most 4chan boards.
Maybe you should go back to that place if you dont like it
Then you are just an useful (for them) idiot.
At least make some profit.
Have you seen some of the people FUDding BCH?
They samefag and reddit space
Don't buy BCH.
It's a /biz/ discord coordinated pump.
I warned you.
I'm not coming here for financial advice, im coming here for the bantz.Pic related.
You're right, this BCH shit has turned this place into a festering dumpMonero has a fair amount of faggots running around here too
Second that.
You are absolutely right.
Especially in chaotic times like these there is literally zero valuable information.
There is only (paid) shills to buy bags after something mooned x5 or crybabies who went all in at ATHs or chase random shitcoin moon missions trying to time the market what usually never succeeds.
It is infested with morons who have zero clue about what is going on, yet everybody thinks he is entitled to an opinion, which usually is non-argumentative "buy x or stay poor".If you want reliable gains on good projects literally any other platform is better.
Biz is only valuable for fun shitposting and the 0.1% of good information you may get, like an early stage of a promising ICO or serious news you've missed.Times where you had analytical breakdowns and serious discussions are long gone I guess.
Don't be crazy.
Nothing is worse than LINKies.
But im making profit with bch alreadyIf youre not you should re-think ur whole strategy
>centralized coin bch mooning
At the very least Linkies do it for free and they have no grand agenda beyond being free of their crushing bags.
biz is so irrelevant, nobody in their right minds would devote energy to shilling here.
It's just biztards shilling to biztards.
damn those whales, how do they keep getting away with it!!!!!!????!!
Core Tactic #4Deny the momentum:Support or price movements for something not BTC should be treated as the result of artificial spamming from paid and coordinated astroturfing rather than genuine enthusiasm.
When possible, suggest corporate, government or foreign conspiracy as the cause.
BCH is literally the most reddit crypto there is.
They're constantly complaining about moderation on a reddit sub ffs.
good idea.
where should i get my info from now?
dont underestimate pajeets
This guy actually thinks the /biz discord is pumping 5 billion in volume.Hahahahahahahahahahahaha.
This is the average IQ of /biz.
Stay forever poor you dumb cucks.
someone on /biz/ told me to get bch.
Biggest gain ever stop being so salty btcuck
It's not just plebbit, its also bitcointalk and bitcoin.org, all 3 of which are ran by theymos.
Talk about jews trying to hog the media
Salty vergefaggot detectedHow's "wraith protocol" working out for you?
Sounds like a Linkin park album, or bad Tom Clancy novel lol.
"The Monero killer" fucking Kek
the deluded legacymarines will call any opposing post a shill
lmao you retarded cuckold fuck, btc is the redditcoin, btc developers censor bch wherever they can, just like the circlejerks on reddit