>Buy a shit ton of a 1 cent coin>wait for it to double to 2 cents>double my moneyhow isn't this a sound strategy?
First off the price of a coin doesn't fucking matter, the market cap does dipshit.
Second there won't be enough volume probably.
Welcome to LINK and REQ.Buy some and see how easy it is.
'It's just a nickel right now, how hard is it to go up to a dime'
Because marketcap is the only metric you should be looking at
the risk is that it won't ever go to 2 cents :^)
If you got enough money to pump it entirely yourself and make it look like it's mooning, fooling everyone else into also dumping their money, selling it all off when it peaks, it'll work.
sure they're both doubling but its easier for something to go up 1 cent than 5 cents
>buy tons of shitcoin at 1 cent>set sell order at 2 cents>nobody else buys at 2 cents>eventually shitcoin is delisted.>lose all money
>buy shitcoin at 1sat>place sell order at 2-3 sats>hope to hell and back some pnd group starts pumping it at some pointi have this all figured out lads.
You realise when you click sell, it justt puts out an open order, Someone has to want to buy your coin, if you bought $100k USD in a 1c coin, then it rises to 2c, you now have to move 10,000,000m coins that nobody wants because they're only worth 2c and it took them a year to get this far anyway.
esper on yobit you can buy sir
/Thread
are you retarded?
Tell that to verge
It's unsound because it disregards the real possibility that it drops 1 cent and you cut your money in half.
Instant 50% loss.
By the way any 1 sat crypto is garbage.
Rock bottom.
It would be zero if zero was possible.Literally every numbskull has thought this about penny stocks.
Now they think it about low priced cryptos.
See4354333
If you did this with ripple or groetslecoin earlier this year you would be rich by now.
Does ShapeShift have a "bank" of their own coins to use as conversion?
Or do they connect users on their site kind of like a coin-to-coin exchange?If people aren't buying your shit coin after it doubles, couldn't you just ShapeShift it to something with more liquidity and then sell that instead?
I went all in on MALC at 3 sats thinking, it will easily go to 10.
Now it's at 1 sat with 0 buy orders.