>bought siacoin at ATH sold at 60>Bought NEO at 49 sold at 35What do I buy now
NULS
BTC sell when it goes back to 6k
still shilling this shitcoin
the volume alone should tell you something senpai
A rope
I need more than an empty github, shitty whitepaper and "muh China gov connect"pls help?
Confido sounds like something for you
op here on my laptopshill me on confido and NULS
Confido is done for lol look at their most recent newshttps://github.com/nuls-io/nulsGitHub is being updated, developers already said a lot of what was on their early GitHub was just for placeholding.A better whitepaper is being revised to come out sometime next week, don't think the government stuff is real.
Not sure where that started.NULS use case as a platform, if they're successful will put them at minimum in top 100 of coins, but this really could be much bigger than that.
If they deliver a product for businesses to get in on blockchain without needing to know the underlying tech this will be a top 10 coin.
Now think about how early you're getting in on this.
This has been listed for under a month, it's Market cap on CMC has been bugged putting it at rank 1001 and limiting exposure.The only places talking about this coin are the few posts on biz, few posts on reddit, and CN forums.
Even if you throw a small bag at this I don't think you'll regret it.
buying nuls and selling it when it goes under 1 sat and getting delisted
Are you retarded?
I got just 70% for NOT WAITING.
Just wait.
Unless your coin gets confided, you have high chances of recovering.
Stop selling at a loss.
Feels good that all you anime fags aren't mentioning my coins.
I-I'm not a fag...
Just hold for a few weeks at least senpai, take profit when you're ready but I'm in for the long run
Thanks for actual not shit info do you have an expected time for when good updates will hit or just playing that by ear?
>What do I buy nowRope
BUY REQ website ready for Q4 2017
buy the most pumped coin on bittrex and wait for comfy lossesor if you actually want to earn a buck, buy some odn and wait for the 4th dec
A new whitepaper/redesigned website with much more in depth team info is coming next week if not the week after that according to someone on the team, no exact date given.
It may start to ramp up in price around the time this is all released but I'm not sure.
For development targets you can check roadmap in their whitepaper, here's a quote from the team on what's coming up in the next few months though.
"In the next few months, the team will complete the development of the microprocessor module, data module, consensus, strengthen the development of the community, complete anti-counterfeit InChain business access and add docking cooperation security back to business needs."
4454094Translated whitepaper, there are mistakes but still readable.
https://nuls.io/pdf/Nuls_whitepaper_en_V1.0.pdf