Give me ONE good reason why I should not go all in on this coin?
youre too poor?
I can't
just buy the dip and hodl m8.
it's going to the mOOOOOOooooomoOOOOOOn
where to buy?
If you want baby gains go ahead i just made 10k on powr in under a week
Because diversification is a better overall strategy to weather potential losses.
% BCH 40% XMR is legitimately the best short term portfolio to finish 2017 off with.
Anything past that is anyone's guess, but as of now these are going to be the big powerhouses to cap the year off.
)
It's never a good idea to go "all in" on anything.
you're not gonna make it
uncertainty
By end of 2018 expect 300-500USD per.
Why wouldn't you?
I really cant eitherA $1000+ XMR doesnt sound unreasonable at all to me within the next year or two.
No reason not to jump on board now.
Poloniex.Is this board filled with Pajeets or something??
?A lot of posts seem like bots right now...
Monero exposes your IP to law enforcemente.
Scam coin.
Buy Verge (XVG) instead to remaine anonymouse.
because it's the 'buy high' part of 'buy high, sell low', sergeant moneromarine, sir
I can think of two reasons: the tx fees actually suck and it doesn't scale well at all (the blockchain would grow ridiculously fast if it tried to process more than the 6k tx/day it is doing now)
you can buy it now while they're working on it for $150 or you can buy it when they've solved the little problem, but enjoy paying $500 - $1500 for 1 xmr
He doesn't buy as many different coins as he canI'm super dumb and I know I can't day trade.
I know I can't even monthly trade because I'm that fucking retarded.
But I bought 10 ETH at 15$, 10 Dash at 20$, and 2 BTC at 500$, and 10 XMR at 20$ and own a bunch of shitcoins with 1K coins each.
I only believed BTC would go up, nothing else yet I have found a way to be stupid and still be successful.
I would never survive if I tried to pick which coin would fail, so I am fine with dumb luck.
k imo.
Monero is the next coinbase coin lets make normies pay as much as possible for xmr before they can get their normie hands on it.
thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLoRS49ap18
bitcoin isn't only 8k because of tethernew money is here and it's going to get raped
proofs?
how soon?
what do you think?
4513908is it basically as soon as multisig finally drops?
so like 3/4 months?
There really isn't one
Monero has wild bugs pop up out of nowhere, the supply can't actually be verified due to the stupid way it conceals transactions.
Which means an exploit could have XMR minted out of thin air and no one would know until it's too late.
4513933I wish I knew anons but second anon is probably right and the time frame I'm giving myself to accumulate more.
Don't be surprised if they just drop it though.
Bitcoin cash is getting added for a fact Jan 1st though anyone fudding it is missing out on easy fucking money for being a dainty core maximalist.
qbit breaks ring-encrypted identity.
you can verify total amount of coins on the blockchain, if people are minting XMR out of thin air it's very easy to tell
I'll give you two: POWR & RCN
Real reason?
Government cracks down on monero because it is untraceable.
Nodes get shut down, running a node is a felony, mymonero website sized, and so on.
Outside of that the only other reason is fluffypony being overweight.
Not that extra fat is a legitimate reason, but still, he is a fatty fat fatkins.
How do you guys get good charts/data on prices for Monero?
Also alts in general, I dont really understand how prices are maintained worldwide is it off the ledger, or just is it off exchanges and wont exchanges just have different prices
you are a retard who only notices things when they get to ATH, you'll buy now and regret few days later when it dips.