My professor was talking today about smart contracts.
He wanted skillful and interested people to work with him in writing smart contracts, he plans on running several nodes.
When I told him I had 150k LINK he was all over me (none of the other normies even heard of crypto before).That professor is considered to be one of the top in the country.Even the normies are getting into LINK.This is gonna explode.
love link but this is lies.
d e l u d e d l i n k i e s k i l l y o u r s e l f
smart contracts are the future
You are a fucking retard.
You need information to run nodes.
Your professor writing fucking contracts mean nothing because it isn't the point of nodes.
The node operator doesn't write the contracts they just provide the secure data for them to execute using.
What a stupid larp.
You are larping about shit you don't even understand.
love link but this is lies.I'm very serious.
I can hash the name of the professor and reveal it at a later date (dont want to compromise my identity).
why does your indentity even matteR?
it doesnt.
no one gives a fuck if your professor spoke about smart contracts in a seminar
Was he talking about Smart contracts the company or smart contracts technology wise?
He mentioned running chainlink nodes?
Just bought 100k
What fucking college.
I will literally transfer there.
if you have 150k link why are you still attending university?
just sit comfy at home until you're a millionaire
You are the retard.
Professors do have access to plenty of data.
They do research with industrial partners such as banks and insurances.
Next time, use your brain before you make a fool of yourself.
He has a very genius vision.
Smart Contracts can be used for EVERYTHING, not just for financies (SWIFT).I don't want to leak or compromise anything, his plan is actually pretty good and working with me will make me rich (he will pay me).and do what?
stay at home and be a nobody?
I want to succeed in life.
Having money IS success.
It's the only thing you'll ever need.
not for me, I want my name to be remembered
can you provide some us some proof?
Your gonna be miserable if you get rich .
All money does is reduce stress .
Does nothing for happiness .
Graduating college and understanding how things work will make you a happier person than 100k
ETA for when Smart Contracts will be adopted ?
there is nothing to prove at the momenthe mentioned it today, I'm going to work with himI will gladly post proof, but by that point LINK might be mainstream
i see.
so he wants to be a data provider?
fool im 38 and once link makes me rich i will go back to collrge for free
way more than that
this is so fake and gayI hope LINK takes off but please stop being a pathetic shill
your price prediction when chainlink goes full mainstream in 2019?
suicide in 5 years for surecollege will only make you happy if you enjoy what you're going to college for
STUPID DUMB FROGPOSTER SCUM
How much did that cost you