Why are alts rallying all of a sudden?
Cause I fucking sold mineFML
btc is taking a breather after breaking 8k
btc has gone 15 minutes without hitting an ATH for the first time in a month
this.
The only way alts are going to feel any love is if BTC flatlines.....we won't make any money with BTC rallying or dropping hard.
Gradual declines or flatlines are best
4th dat BTC has been hovering between 8000-8300.
People are moving back to alt coins
terrible timing to be in altsi'd sit on the sideline till this dragonslayer crap settles
implying dragonslayer wont move everyone into alts until the battle is over and the true bitcoin is crowned
is LTC safe to get into?
Alt party for the rest of November.
Now the real gains start
believing some random white trash whiteboard >literally already proven wrong with segwit2x since nothing fucking happened on the 16thenjoy missing out son
its already settled, btc markets havent done shit.
in fact, btc has risen back up to 8250. how do you explain this?this is behind the scenes shit anyways.
hashpower, etc.
It depends on what the miners do with the coins (do they immediately dump?
do they hold?)
if they dump, depending on which coin, it is downward pressure on the coin (btc OR bch)on that note, fucking bch is almost 10k blocks ahead of btc at this stage.
> muh oversupplythe king will win out, bch is burning the candle at both ends
you know bcash has higher fees than bitcoin right now, right?retarded blockers lmao
satoshis vision
muh reading comprehensionMy point, put simply, is the difficulty algo for bch, before and at this stage, means a shit ton more blocks being mined and thus, the supply max will be burned out that much sooner - then what are the miners gonna do?
Thats assuming anyone even gives a shit a year from now what bch is> 0.1 megabyte blocks written, fucking 8 meg max > 10K more blocks ahead of btc already> flippening never gonna happen because: shit ton more bch coins flooding circulating supply as miners dump = downwards pressure on pricereadmore