sometime in 1 hour this will blow up.You've been warned
And why??
Arabs will learn of it
Too late already sold
chinks waking up
Already Soooolddd to the man with 3 fingers!
Better luck next time my man!
Thank you for your business.
up 20x in 3 weeks> "it's going to blow up soon"
ATH buyer detected
lol retarded OP bought at 11.5k
>buy my bagsThread #430352902385938598209583205820852905823905832059829523058239508239
Event in Melbourne in about 3 hours - not sure it will push price up but more exposure anyways
No faggot there is not
go fuck yourself https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/airtree-speaker-series-developments-in-blockchain-tickets-38710469055
Why should I be investing in this currencyAm I somehow benefitting powr as a company by buying thisWhy should I except power utilities to wanna use this?
I can see it being used in poorer countries maybe but the power utility business is a monopoly in the usHow is pwr gonna sell pwr to people when their currencies price fluctuates because of "speculators"I DONT UNDER STAND CRYPTO INVESITING
Wow, the POWR devs are so hard working they're even going to conferences on Thanksgiving!
10/10 coin, will buy 100k!And before anyone reeees, know that I'm joking.
if by blow up you mean drop back into the 8000s then yeah i agree
its thursday night in Australia and no one outside of the US has any idea when thanksgiving is

It's only 5:49 in Sydney you absolute shithead.
It isn't nighttime here
*4:49 PM
It's literally no later than 4:43PM anywhere in Australia right now lol.
Melbourne checking in
Just let it dump already stop fighting it.
I mean 4:53
This is going to be glorious
we're embarrassing ourselves here m8.
We can't even type the time right
Apparently there is a POWR conference in Melb today, Melb bro also checking in, 4:58pm.
Zimbabwe waking up
So I've got thirty minutes to empty my bags?
You'd think I'd learn about selling the news by now.
It's a Q&A afaik in 25 minutes from now, could have gone but started some tradie work today to top up on crypto eventually.
Keep an eye out for any potential Youtube streams.
This is all just so funny to me.
I'm Aussie and seeing conferences in Perth being used to shill crypto is funny as fuck.
Our country is small.
Our government investing in powr means fucking nothing to me.
I am a powr ICO buyer btw.
News cycle isn't done yet.
i am legit going to dump a $1000 on this coin and that is all the fucking money I have.
https://twitter.com/hellenoreilly/status/932992406705729537There it is, confirmed thai power company partnership, news will be released today.Expect a new ATH within 12 hours.
This coin can't be stopped, there has never been anything like it before.
1B market cap within days is highly likelytwitter.com/lambolydia
Do it you won't regret it.
This is a one way ticket to lamboland
why are you so hard for powr
Well it's basically the next big coin senpai
Is that a problem?
You could get in now and become wealthier easily..
4517057Im in but i dont understand bitcoin investing, especially in powrwhat is the benefit to powr if we buy a bunch of their coins
Cause this is as close to a guaranteed 1B market cap as you can possibly get in crypto.OMG got to 800MM with a picture of the team in a google office and parternship with Thai McdonaldsPower Ledger blows all of that away, partnerships with billion dollar energy companies, government support, etc etc etc.
Honestly I'm tired of typing it out so many times, just buy the fucking coin.I'm actually going to get a lambo with my earnings from powr, just spreading the wealth to you basement dwelling hot pocket eating faggots, cause you need the help-twitter.com/lambolydia
im not talking shit brew i just put 200 in pwr but i have a scattered and imcomplete understanding of why investing in currency is even possible.
but i do understand that theres money to be made
Then I dont think this sort of thing is for you.
fuck you i just got into it yesterday
Cause this is as close to a guaranteed 1B market cap as you can possibly get in cryptoThis is just fucking insanity anon
 I wont be able to buy a lambo but I hope one day the reverso tribute calendar by Jaeger-LeCoultre but that is after having a stable cuck job and crypto.
You should panic sell.
45167544516806> Australia
New dumb money is always welcomed.
There are more poor people in the world than developed or are you living in a glass castle
Where the fuck do I buy POWR?
I originally thought 1B now I wonder if it can tickle 2B.
fuck off with your frog puppet faggot.
Power is the only legitimate investment in all of crypto right now.
Ever other coin is based on hype and speculation, power ledger is not.
It was executed properly, came out the gate with partnerships with billion dollar companies, working product, etc etc, is going live in 3 weeks in Fremantle, and more partnerships confirmed.Get in or kys out of regret later.
This coin is the real deal.-twitter.com/lambolydia

Extreme growth because they have an actual product here that's already being adopted and is going to continue to grow to insane levels very soon.
I bought at 30 cents 4 days ago and it's already been to 96 cents during a big pump earlier today.
It's going to big my friend.
Buy as much as you can.
Even if it's just $500 like I have done and keep putting more in during dips when you can afford it you're going straight to lambo land by end of 2018.
Just hodl with iron hands.This was earlier today during the pump.
Read a fucking book or at least a fucking webpage you probably think you can get rich picking a coin and buying it wait you can
How can it be the future already there think retard.
As if they're already eating Thanksgiving dinner with a time machine gimme a break geeze
most exchanges.
I think lambo land is a bit unfair anonEven if it hits 5$ a coin, anon would need to obtain at least 3000 holdings to begin considering a lamboIt's a good buy in and I'm in it all they way but don't give him false hope
this is gonna pop just a bit with the news, just enough to get a nice profit
Well yeah obviously you're not getting there off a small initial investment but this is a long term hold and if you play your cards right and buy dips with even a few hundred dollars every couple of weeks on top of your initial investment you're heading for lambo land.
have an actual product here that's already being adoptedAny proof, apart from the photo of the house they took on their twitter?
It’s gonna be 100x by 2020 from here.
re-think those numbers buddy.
you cant buy a lambo on $15k
The reason you invest in these currencies js because eventually these currencies will be the new fiat.
We are in a state of the biggest transfer if wealth in history.
All fiat, will go to crypto.
Eventually powr will be worth what people decide their excess energy is or isnt worth.
Its simply the platform powr is using to conduct p2p transactions for that.
How much fiat you think people would sell that energy for?
Itll be transferred to powr.
How much fiat do you think people will pay for a home?
Itll be transferred to btc.
The reason people are getting rich is because slowly but surely the world is putting its fiat, its labor, its services and products etc, into crypto!
Its simply the beginning of a great transfer of wealth, and you have the chance to get in before the vast majority of people do.
Its like buying the dollar for a pennies worth of gold when fiat was first introduced.
what news?
the crappy melb q&a?
lol
you really think anyone other than US gives a shit about thanksgiving don't you
Countries other than the US aren't worth thinking about in the first place tbeh
Think again buddy :^)
m..m...m.... my mistake.
Sorry Sir.
The thing I think most people, and I might just be using my own view too much here, consider 1-1.5k a "big" investment.
I'm not in this for a lambo, nice as that would be.
I just want some cash to accumulate while I'm in college and give me some padding.
I want as much room between me and poverty as possibleThat seems extraordinarily optimistic, I would think 20x is safe.
But I don't know much about crypto.i only started last weekLambo is what 100k?
At 15k with good credit you could consider looking at one.
I would recommend it but hey id be cool with a nice sedan
4517374eh.bitcoin has no insurance policy and is in a legal fluxhow does me buying powr tokens benefit pwr.
its not like the ICO where we directly swap fiat for tokenshow does powr benefit from having its tokens value be influenced by speculation
Yeah I'm right there with you.
The lambo would be nice but what I really want to do is be able to live comfy on neetbux and a day job, get out of debt, have a decent car, and buy a Harley Road Glide to replace my almost 20 year old yamaha road star and overall not have to live paycheck to paycheck anymore.
Divorce destroys your finances and I just want to be comfy.
I think this coin is going to make that possible with minimal effort.Long live God coin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViAez7Kr6wwStill no moon OP and no Jemma milkers, hang yourself
more like 500k
Bought again at 9500 satsAm I gonna make it lads?
Mm fair, quick Google search shows 250-500kHonestly I'd probably get a GT-R or be I8 if I was gonna drop coin on a car.
There's no place in cali to really enjoy a lambo What do you guys think is a solid point to sit at on powr?
I'd like to be at 1k by end of week (fuck coinbase and it's stupid limits)
Anyone have an answer?
no place in Cali to enjoy a lambo.Are you shitting me?
I live like 30 miles north of Sacramento and there's tons of amazing backroads to enjoy fast vehicles.
Don't forget about the amazing race tracks we have in this state too.
California is pretty much the best state for a lambo.
California is generally regarded to have the best roads in the country to drive on.
The trick is going to them, they may not be near your house.
How does tesla benefit from market spec?
Or berkshire, or coke, or apple, or any other publicly traded stock?
Its a place for the free market to decide the worth... What are you a commie?
4517629I live in LA the roads here are dogshit with pavement I haven't had the fortune to venture north.
Nicest road I've driven on was the PCH, and you don't need a fast car yo enjoy a beautiful winding drive down the coast But I'll take your word for it
YOU TOLD ME THIS YESTERDAY
here comes the"i bought at ath, buy my bags before it drops 50% it's value like every moon mission"
LA Yeah, hard to enjoy driving when you average five miles an hour and have to stop every ten feet to let immigrants cross.
You ever seen XXX?
That bridge that Vin Diesel jumps the vette off of in the beginning of the movie is like 10 minutes from my house, the road that it's on is pure fucking gold going through the Tahoe national forest.
It's amazing on a motorcycle and I'm sure it's even more amazing in a lambo purchased with neetbux.
Also MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNN
Came back to add, when you buy a stock after its ipo its the same thing man.They sell stock to an ib, ib adds on a few points and bring it to market and releases it in an ipo, then its on the market and the public now decides what the company of worth.
i dont get how the public decides, can you explain thatwho am i paying when i buy powr
Think of it as airbnb for electricity
this.
What is the point of this
cool so it will be worth something but if this blows up then i see clone companies popping up
HOLY FUCK JUST SELL NOW CUNT
why does powr need to do an ico.
why dont they control the supply of coins.
they are trying to do a specific market not be used as a general curency
Reposting from another thread:From an article:Power Ledger uses blockchain technology to allow buyers and sellers to trade solar energy between each other without needing to rely on a third-party company.
Power Ledger formed with two key concepts in mind -- peer-to-peer trading across energy networks and peer-to-peer trading of energy within buildings.Power Ledger uses a software solution that measures the amount of electricity consumed or generated.
The way the energy is moved from one person to another is via a unit called 'Sparkz' which is a tokenised unit of electricity or a digital representation of the energy that is being moved from the buyer to the seller.
"Basically, Power Ledger has a software solution and it connects to smart metres.
It reads the outputs of the metres in terms of electricity that is being consumed or generated and it records that on the blockchain.
As somebody purchases or consumes electricity that is also recorded on the blockchain and those two pieces of information from the transaction for which Sparkz are transferred -- so it happens synchronously.
The actual recording of the electricity is the movement of Sparkz from the buyer's wallet to the seller's wallet.
"This means that the buyer is receiving the payment for the electricity at almost the same time the seller receives the payment for the energy.
This happens in the form of Sparkz being transferred between the two parties via the blockchain.
Once the seller receives the Sparkz into their digital wallet, they can convert those to Australian dollars.
"So normally what happens is, you do a transaction and the payment happens afterwards and in electricity markets ... every 60 days you might get a bill and then in the wholesale market it could be 60-80 days, so this means that you get paid for the value that you provide instantly."
Buys ATH
Lambo is 300k, high end BMW is 100k
Because it's a scam
Cool, then decide to invest or not in those... Its obvious youre a bit retarded though and should probably just put in that application to burger king already.
Im just gonna read some shit cus no one here will sum it up for me.
Go fuck yourself
You shouldve done that before coming here.
However its already been explained in this thread, youre just too dense to pick it up.
why should i invest in gold?
Wont people just sell silver?
DuurrrrrFuckin normies where are the influx of them coming from?
You've only been fucking yourself by not doing rock bottom basic research before this, dingus.
Go read like you should've to begin with and stop acting like you're entitled to something.
But if clone companies pop out it means the product is actually and profitable to the point others will try to copy their move
i dont have time for that shit my nigga
It's been an hour, where's the moon?
then crypto is not for you kid.
She packed my bags last night pre flight,Zero hour, 9 A.M.And I'm gonna be high as a kite by then.
I miss my gains so much, my BTCIt's lonely out here in POWROn such a timeless coin And I think it's gonna be a long long time til paaaaajet brings it down again to find find out i'm not the coin they have at home Oh no no no I'm a rocket coin Rocket coin burning out the jews alone up here alone
Im reading about it right now i just got into this yesterday.
its pretty complicated though and i know nothing about networks and shit thats why i never bothered trying to learn
This is going to tank hard.Current market cap of $1 billion.
and its not even in the beta testing stage
and i never said that clone companies degrade going in on powr ya bitch ass
1b?
?god i hope so
I literally posted a huge multi paragraph summary of what Power Ledger does and is for.
Fuck off
learn before you buy.
underrated post
What are Sparkz?
Fuck off
$1 billionNIGGA I WISH
How deep its going to dive?
Little loss now or waiting for a bottom?
It's a triple bottim now, so..
So just have to wait?
percent of sellers now have either weak hands or want to get in lower decide for yourself
id rather invest in solarcoin they have a professor from london where its never sunny https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcufQeaOK1U
read the whitepaper you little yellow cunt
what a story Mark
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/power-ledger/#markets
Solid pick.
I'm back in after all that Bitcoin Cash mess.
Can't wait to wake up with a new all time high tomorrow.
what happens after the big dip just now??
descending triangle.
will dip more.
>still holding a coin after the hype phase and fomo pump is overI dont even know what to tell you anymore
4519345one bost by this ID
Why are people acting like they know.
This OP claimed it would 'moon' in one hour...hmmm