Reminder to all the BCH cucks that this has happened literally more than 5 times, and it ALWAYS ends with retards bagholding their shitcoin.
BTC dips and then it goes up.
Obviously it's a decent opportunity to make money, but that's all.
The "flippening" is retarded.
I just want to buy the dip.
Wow Corecucks are really mad this week.
You can literally smell the desperation growing each day just from browsing /biz/
Reminder that of course it is, we know this.
Remider that we want to get in on the pump anyway and the narrative helps with the pump
Corecucks>m..muh corecuck, mu muh flippeningfuck off, go suck a chink dick.
ALWAYS whining bagholders within a few days.
Let the bcashtard overlords sink even more cash into it.
They deserve it.
What's with this "smell" meme that Cashiers adopted.
I see it in every thread.
Probably just one shill posting everywhere.
little do they know that BTC will LITERALLY die.
Yes, not only in price, but the blockchain itself will FREEZE FOREVER.
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHA while BCH takes it's place as the true bitcoin.
GET REKT BTC holders.
It's too late now.
Nice argument.
Did Roger tell you that when he got out of prison?
Or was it Jihan, when he finished screaming at people on twitter like a sterno bum with rabies?
Think logically about that.
I know that's difficult.
If that was actually going to happen, you'd just let it happen and you wouldn't need to spread all this FUD on /biz out of desperation, bcashtard.
HAHA it's a pump every week???
Or is it organic progression moron
b-but I enjoy telling you coreshits what will happen, so I can later tell you that you've been warned multiple times.
it's an obsession of mine, so to speak.
I will laugh so fucking much when you're all pink wojaking XD HAHAH
For the record.
I don't agree with everything Core does.
But bcash doesn't even come close to the talent they have though, so you're pretty fucked long term, whatever little attack vectors you and your ilk try.
Please do come back and let us all know how it goes though, won't you?
It's the very definition of a pump!
Yeah it always looks like that?
Then it's not a pump moron
You understand his point about Bithumb full well.
You're either lying or trying to convince yourself.
I mean the way you're defining sure it's a pump.
I'm just saying Korea has the biggest volume every week.... Also bitcoin is a pump too and idk what you're trying to say lmao?