Wtf is up with all the FUD recently?As soon as we start seeing some stable 20%ish gains over more than a week people start FUDing the shit out of the market until we have dramatic tanks again.FFS: HOLD!I am tired of panic selling and buying dips in some arbitrary intervalls.We are literally the only industry that can offer "perpetual" growth.How the fuck can it be that this market has so little trust?
wtf are you talking about?
>How the fuck can it be that this market has so little trust?Most people don't really know what they have invested in.
They just saw the gains and FOMO'd their way in.Literally nobody has lived in an age where currency was anything other than a zero-sum game or a race to the bottom.When your cash is free-floated, you either want it out-buying everyone else's so you can accumulate more, or you want it falling faster, so you can pay off your debts cheaper.
Crypto is not operating to the old rules, but everyone who comes here has to force themselves to re-learn money before they are able to get it right.
When they don't, and try to speculate on it anyway, and they see that "doing nothing" gets rewarded more than "working your butt off to lose what you had", they get emotional.Cool hands: hodl and win.
It does look like we are in a bubble and it's hard to not be impatient on something that moves so fast, but even when it does pop, I believe it will rise back up again.
Bitcoin is certainly a risky investment, but with a comprehensive investment plan with proper risk assessment there is no reason it shouldn't still be part of a portfolio.I cashed out some of it this year, but I still have a lot in.
The reason my bet is on Bitcoin is more because of branding than technology.
I want to stick with the coins that normies are putting their money into - and normies know Bitcoin.
Once ETFs get setup more and hedge funds come in more, we'll need to watch what other coins they choose.
The Dragonslayer shit, the tether "scandal", the tulip 2.0 etc.When they don't, and try to speculate on it anyway, and they see that "doing nothing" gets rewarded more than "working your butt off to lose what you had", they get emotional.Thanks for your reply, i agree.
But this behaviour is harmful although we can buy those peoples bags for cheap.We need a sticky for crypto that involves the power of hodling.
We are literally the only industry that can offer "perpetual" growth.You see there is nothing that was introduced as a real life project that is working and implemented.
It's all in paper.
Little thing that works are coin management apps, exchanges.
That's it.
So what people do now?
Try earn as much cash as possible by speculating on each coin price with given tools.
All "industry", as you say, it's based on speculation and mining.
People create fake ICOs, create fake news, pretend they are working on something, release fake news every fucking week to just speculate and cash out.
People eat those baits.
Shills, paid news, >>pump and dump discords <<>And you ask why market has o little trust?
okay.
tulip's is just a meme to poke fun at the /pol/ faggots who have no friends and can't get white grills of their own race.tether is actually pretty fucking scary and until an actual audit is done you should care.dragon slayer isn't even fud, chaos is a ladder.
You see there is nothing that was introduced as a real life project that is working and implemented.To be fair some of the use cases make sense and will be implemented.
Imagine knowing now what coin amazon will pick to implement crypto payment.Also buying drugs and hitmen on the darknet might not be a good advertising for a Crypto but there is definetly money to be made.
Some alts like IOTA are no scams, it might be a sjw coin but at least those kids believe in the purpose of their project.
amazon will pick to implement crypto paymentThat someday might happen.But for now, driven by btc history of rise, people desperately want the same now, at this right moment, they can't wait 6 months or 2 years.
They will say and do anything to drive a price of a coin they are holding it's part of pump and dump, accumulate and again...
They don't care about project behind crypto, all they want is money.
There are really good old projects, proven by their own devs work.
I still work on picking up good ICOs, there are so fucking many.
People don't talk about that, they safely invest and just hold.
It's like shares.
People value it.Those who constantly make threads about one or another coin/token are driven by greed to make cash NOW, not tomorrow.There is one problem that concerns everyone a lot lately is exchanges themselves, one in particular and people don't want gox 2.0, cryptsy 2.0, BTCe 2.0, etc.
People use this as scare tactics, that's why there is so many of them lately.
Its not an industry.
An industry produces goods and services.
Crypto is a currency.