Accumulate.
Oh I am anon, I am
dude i dont care what anyone says, i get .45 cents a week with this token, where some of these like tenx give you .12 cent a year.
fuck yea, loving coss
Once they introduce fiat trading and the revamped UI in Q1 this shit is going to explode.
As soon as people see that the daily volume is trending upward and the point of sale system is gaining traction it'll be a steady climb.
How much coss do you have?How much was it worth?
lol thats only the exchange side they still handle volume daily from their chinese sweat shops using their payment processor
This is the most underrated opportunity that exists.
Period.
FOMO in this will be unreal very soon.
4307495I agree but I don't see why anyone would hold this for so long.
I'll buy in when I see it trending upwards, but for now it's just money in the mattress.
I can make more than .45 cents a week just swing trading ETH
that volume is absolutely pathetic.
buy kcs if you want a dividend paying exchange coin
not him (obviously) but I hold 150k COSS worth 11,000 and I make $4.50 a week, in all cryptos on the exchange including OMG, ZEN, ETH, and ARK.
It's literally like an index fund
Well thats only with 200k volume traded.
think about that once it has 1mil traded your 4.50 is 20, once they have 5mil traded, your 20 is 100 a week, and once they have 50mil traded, your looking at 1000$ a week
buy kcs if you want a dividend paying exchange coin
Kucoin is only planning on continuing their dividends in the short term to prop up the value of their coin.
They have already stated that the 50% is not going to last.
Coss on the other hand is guaranteed 50% of fees forever.
Unless the devs get lazy, I can't see anything but profits coming from this
Already bought 300k since last dip at 1k sat.
We dipped from 4k to 1k from the fork.
This is a ez 4x back to normal
Already in the top 100 by volume crypto exchangesBitcoin Cash is getting pumped by jews and chinks, we will get a lot of those BCH dividends tomorrow to sell
So far, I hold 10,000 COSS, worth about $750.
I actually almost bought into Kucoin, but after crunching the numbers, I realised there's really no contest.
At COSS' current trading volume, I'd only be earning about $12 per year, it's true, but the exchange is still in beta, with a new UI and fiat trading just round the corner, so it's perfectly reasonable to assume it's going to grow.
If it hits current EtherDelta volume levels, I'll be earning $250 a year.
If it hits Kucoin levels, $400 a year.
If it hits Binance levels, that comes out at $12,000 a year.
That's without even taking into account the compounding interest, the exclusive airdrops for COSS holders and of course the likelihood that the COSS token itself and all of the other coins that make up the fee split, BTC, ETH, ARK, ZEN, etc.
will themselves be increasing in value over time.
The current low volume is a godsend because non-whales can still afford to get in.
If you can't afford to go all in, I'd advise grabbing 1000 COSS for $75 just to play it safe.
People are going to be kicking themselves for ever if this takes off.
Holding 50k+ will I make it?
i hope so because i made it then too, 300k coss-player here
tfw broke ass college kid>basically no money to buy COSSREEE
Dude find some change laying around, or even better.. loan