I'm so sick and fucking tired of Rory and getting raped by BTC forks.
I'm going to hard fork the ChainLink smart contract at exactly November 31, 2017 14:15:00 UTC.
Fuck rory and his vague as shit replies.
All wallets that hold LINK during this time will receive the same amount of BLINK.
I'm also going to try to contact COSS exchange if they would partner with us so we can compete with SWIFT backing LINK.
>LINK forkfor fucks sake /biz/is this coin doesn't succeed this is going to make this board empty from the mass suicide
That would be kinda cool, if you did this I’d hold it for lols
Oh bro im going to do it, and its not entirely impossible that we will reach Bittrex first given how fucking lazy rory is.
kewl i want some BLINK
i say do it
Would I recieve BLINK if I hold my LINK in MEW?
Not like anything would happen considering the dumb money shitshow right now
Yes, any wallet that can hold ERC20 tokens.
You need to be holding LINK to receive BLINK.
You dont need to do anything, my contract will send you the BLINK automatically if you hold LINK during approximately the time i specified.
The exact time may vary based on the block number but it is approximately during November 31, 2017 14:15:00 UTC.
i'm looking forward to more fucking red candles
Fuck the Corelinkers.
We will not allow the future of ChainLink to be controlled by 2 people (Sergey and Rory).
- Sent from my Spaceship
What if my link is in COSS?
Will I have to move my Link to MEW or another wallet?
It's... definitely not his job to seek exchange listings.
I thought OP was satire, and I liked it.
You are committed.
You need to hold it in your own wallet my fellow Blinkie.
I know "blinkie" sounds gay as fuck but dont let it dissuade you, this is a REVOLUTION.
Ok, kek.
now this is a link thread i like fuck sergay and corelinks
Nevermind guys, i just looked at my blockfolio holding LINK and the JUST is paralyzing me.
I d-do-dont think i can code a smart contract anymore....
kek
fucking hilarious OPlooking forward to 21k BLINK
DO IT YESSThis already has more potential than Classic LINK (CLINK).
Can we expect at least 1 week updates?
4299864I c-ca-cant do it anymore broskis.
The LINK JUSTing is getting to my head.
I can't move.
Pls pray to give me strength.
What a fag.
Nice.
Just marked "buy 100k" my calendar on November 31st.
he>called>me>a>fagthats it, im fucking doing it.
you corelinkers are going DOWN.
I have LINK on binance will i get some free money from you?
kys
implying other /biz/got bought the fomo
Lol this thread is funny but we know this is not possible and big exchanges would just laugh at this randm propossl
REEEEEEEEEEE im going to do it.
I'm really going to do it at this rate you fags.
Aw i was looking forward to having funbucks
do it faggot
You're not going to cancel at the last minute are you?
(you)
I'm so sick and fucking tired of OP and getting raped by BTC forks.
I'm going to hard fork the BLINK smart contract at exactly November 31, 2017 14:16:00 UTC.
Fuck OP and his vague as shit replies.
All wallets that hold BLINK during this time will receive the same amount of BLINK GOLD.
I'm also going to try to contact COSS exchange if they would partner with us so we can compete with Nobody backing BLINK
I'm so sick and fucking tired of OP and getting raped by BTC forks.
I'm going to hard fork the BLINK GOLD smart contract at exactly November 31, 2017 14:17:00 UTC.
Fuck OP and his vague as shit replies.
All wallets that hold BLINK GOLD during this time will receive the same amount of BLINK DIAMOND CLASSIC (BDC).
I'm also going to try to contact COSS exchange if they would partner with us so we can compete with Nobody backing BLINK GOLD
I'm so sick and fucking tired of OP and getting raped by BTC forks.
I'm going to hard fork the BLINK DIAMOND CLASSIC (BDC).
smart contract at exactly November 31, 2017 14:18:00 UTC.
Fuck OP and his vague as shit replies.
All wallets that hold BLINK DIAMOND CLASSIC (BDC).
during this time will receive the same amount of BLINK CASH.
I'm also going to try to contact COSS exchange if they would partner with us so we can compete with Nobody backing BLINK DIAMOND CLASSIC (BDC).
make it rain