Does sex fee; better than having 100 bitcoins?
Because I haven't had either
No
During sex yes.
After you've cummed?
No.
Why dont you pay for hookers the fuck?
I dont get these virgin faggots.
no
Not even close.
A wet pussy doesnt even feel THAT much better than masturbating.
Ive never tried but Im sure a fleshlight comes pretty close.
Not even close to the hassle of having an irl 3D gf.
the sex needs to be without condom in order to feel better than 100 btc senpai
100 bitcoins would feel like euphoria.
Complete freedom.
No
I'm saving my first time for someone special.
And I'm afraid I'll just be let down and become even more depressed if my first sexual experience is a bad one
the sex needs to be without condom in order to feel better than 100 btc senpaiYeah i assumed there is no condom involved.
Feels fucking great.
Worth the STDs.
You wont get permanent STD's anyway if you're vaccinated and are a straight man.
As far as I know HIV is pretty much a myth among straight males unless they inject drugs.
Hepatitis is easily prevented by vaccines.The only STDs you can get as a straight man are easily cured by pills.
who the fuck cares about sentiment?
Its fucking sex u faggot
I'm saving my first time for someone special.
And I'm afraid I'll just be let down and become even more depressed if my first sexual experience is a bad oneHow will you even get laid if you're worried about getting laid all the time?
Its easier to get laid if you know you can always get laid on a whim.
Hahahahaha NOAsk anyone who knows what a bitcoin is if they'd rather fuck or get 100 BTCIf they answer fuck, they're retarded.>Mkt value 1 fuck: $50>Ease of access 1-10: 5>Long term gain: none>Long term loss: possibly wreck your whole life>Pleasure: ~15 mins>Mkt value 100 BTC: About $750,000>Ease of access 1-10: 7.5>Long term gain: Bigly/league>Long-term loss: None>Pleasure: 10 years at least
i only had it once but the blow job felt way better than the actual vaginal sex.
But it was with a hooker though so she was very experienced at twirling her tongue and stuff so it felt mindblowing.
The vaginal sex part was almost like work.
Unironically, yes.
Best thing in my life right now is consistent sex
Lol.
Idk what kind of pussies you’ve been in, but a tight, warm, wet fussy feels way better than jacking off.
THIS.
Oral sex is much better than vaginal sex.
Try to make a cummy in her mouth its completely mindblowing especially if she keeps on sucking after you have finished.
Licking her feels for some reason also very good.
Gets me hard every time.
Vaginal sex feels strange tough.
Almost like fucking raw meat.
Sex does feel better without a condom, but condoms are nice sometimes because they make it easy to last longer and get a real good fucking in
Its alright i get the same orgasm jacking it to homemade porns
He probably wears a condom thats why oral feels better.
Ill take 100btc over sex any day.
Also, sex varies.
Hot freaky girl = amazing sex.
Wife of 20 years... sloppy pushups.
money > sexthink about it.
you can buy the best sex in the world with money, but your earning money potential with sex is limited.
4421860just pounded a fatty with huge milkers.
Felt like heroin when I came.
She also sucked cock real nice, like she wanted me to stay.
Moral of the story, harpoon whales if you are a deadbeat, but make sure not to get them pregnant
of course it's better but its not worth putting up with women.
Theyre bitches
having had sex but only 2 bitcoins I'm pretty sure 100 bitcoins feels better
I can't believe anyone would rather fuck fat women than not fuck at all.
Using a decent flashlight is better than sex with no emotion.
If you're "making love" nothing can compare except for heroin.
Sex is the most overrated shit don't worry
I hooked up with a whale once and I regretted it so hard the day after.
I didnt even fuck her, just got a BJ and felt so disgusted with myself.
My current gf is a 5'6 120lb skinny blonde.
I dont have the mental equipment to handle a whale like that
Don't worry anon, we'll buy sex dolls from our investments in coins.
Also don't forget to invest in sex dolls.
lol at all you virgin losers, sex feels fucking fantastic without a condom, with one sucks though.
That being said, 100 bitcoins is so much better, and being able to do future vr sex with a ai waifu that you can get with your future gains is the optimal outcome in 20 years.
4422198i guess everyone has different limits.
I believe a vagina is better than wanking with my hand and given the opportunity I would fuck a human, even a guy, to satisfy my sexual urges if there are no resulting consequences
nah m8 u just have low standards and self control.
Fuck a guy just to satisfy your sexual urges?
You sound like a rapefugee

i just like to fuck people