Being all fucking in on REQ since the ICO I start to feel like it might actually be shit and I should sell it next time it reaches ico level.Request was supposed to be my fucking savior, now I would have been so much better off by just holding the fucking ethereum.
I thought I was clever.
Fuck, I wasn't.HELP ME
Buy high, sell low
What is patience?
When it comes to alts?
A meme.
waiting only paid off for few coins for me..recently: Lisk.
Bought when I started like half a year ago for 1,40$, now it's 10$.
But I only bought a small amount because fuck you can't know what happens in the future.
Same for Rew, it could gow even lower again (it was at like half ico price before and smart people bought) so it could very possibly go back to that level or even lower (holding a coin since ico that is at -80% right fucking now) so FUCK someone sell me what they thing about the req situation.I was so sure that it would rocket right away once the btc fork bs was over but NO
I write like I'm drunk, sorry for that
you went all in' that's your mistake.
Well what the fuck, how old is req?
Yeah it becomes the new crypto PayPal in a month.
Look at their roadmoap and if u wanna get rid off it, sell it AFTER THEY ANNOUNCE SOMETHING.I'm waiting, probably atleast a year or ten, who knows.
If it's the next PayPal it will keep rising like shit once it starts.Wanna sell now?
Go ahead and cry yourself to sleep when it goes 100xI have 300k req and not selling
k here.
I'm selling piece of my stack in Mach next year.
I agree with that
Why
4504936I know, I do believe in the project, the market is just so fucking unpredictable and doenst give a shit about tech.
Like look at btc, we all know it's old and shit but it will prolly be king till the end of time.
Shitcoins skyrocket and actual good projects sometimes don't move like.. forever.
You remind me of people bragging about selling ethereum when it hit $10.
What do you suggest?
I was just going to try and take out my initial investment in Mach and keep the rest...
I like REQ :)
If REQ is succeeds it will go all the way, no half thing.And if REQ it doesn't matter if you sell half of your stack, because it is dead anyway.So keep it forever everytime.
REQ is in an uptrend which will last for about 3-6 days.
buy now.
This is why everyone is saying that 2018 will be alt season.
Normies are full-fledged FOMOing into BTC now, that wave has started.
Alts aren't going to just be meme pump and dumps forever.
Where do you think normies will go when they start their crypto adventure after BTC?
The way I see it you have two options: try and time the markets and ride the PnDs, or put your money in projects you think are more legitimate than others, and wait a potential year or two before the sentiment shifts away from BTC and trickles into alt companies.
If you have over $10,000 in crypto right now, I strongly feel that putting it all on option 2 is the smartest move to get rich 1 or 2 years down the line.
Shill me on REQ guys.
What's the point of this token?
SOLD
Read the first few paragraphs of the white paper.
It will literally take a few minutes of your time.
Req is a fine hold.
They actually communicate UNLIKE FUCKING SCAM CHAINLINK TWO MAN TEAM ZERO UPDATES CHANGE CODING LANGUAGE WITH 2 MAN TEAM AFTER 6 MONTHS THE FUCK
6 MONTHSWhat kind of time warp are you living in?
ADHD is a hell of a thing.
It will be a fcking NETWORK, not a dapp or sth like 99% if the shitcoins right now.