Ledger vs. Trezor:Which one is more secure (if used correctly)?I read about a Trezor "security issue" in August of this year and haven't really seen any bad news regarding the Ledger Nano S so far.
Ledger is sexier.
I also prefer it, design-wise.
And it's cheaper, although security is of the highest priority.Trezor apparently has more advanced software
Trezor.
No waitlist.
Extremely simple UI.
They are both as good as each other.
Ledger looks great but most people had to wait 6 months this year to get one.
Luckily, there are enough Ledgers in stock near me
I'm fond of the ledger more than the Trezor purely because of the design and feel.
I think using the Trezor is easier though but I don't like typing in my pass phrase on the computer.
I prefer the Ledger buttons which while atrocious feel more secure.
Trezor however has easier software.
You don't have to fuck around with downloading chrome extensions.
I would advise getting both of them but start with a Ledger because it's sexy and lets you use ED a lot easier and safer.
Get a Trezor later so you can split your coins up.
Oh and always use passphrases.
I'll watch some vids on youtube to get an impression of the ui and everything else.
Thanks man, I was thinking the same.
If I don't like the Ledger, is it possible to "reset" it by creating a new seed?
Spoonfeeding myself: Yes you can reset it / create a new seed
They have the same sec, but ledger has a cover over the screen so I guess thats a plus
ledger has a secure element, trezor doesn'tledger has more coins and more comingledger is cheaper and saferledger software isn't really good but updates are on the waywhy am I shilling an hardware wallet, what's wrong with me I don't own any ledger share
One positive of the ledger is when restoring from the seed, you can do it entirely on the device.
Trezor requires you enter your seed (albeit in random order) on a computer.
This is still pretty secure in random order, but it is conceivable a future attacker with a supercomputer could crack it.Trezor has been around longer and that counts for something.I use both along with a paper wallet.
Anyone tried Ledger Blue?
Any point to buying this over ledger nano?