APOLOGIZE!!!
And this is NOTHING.
TPOS and masternodes are about READY to be implemented according to SLACK, once we fork into a whole new chain with a different unique source code that can handle the TRUSTLESS Proof Of Stake Protocol.Rebrand to: PSW, new logo..
Maintenance this weekend, as the website: Poswallet.com will get a COMPLETELY new improved design..
This is the day we've been waiting for lads.. $1-$3 By XMAS... >You have been WARNED
Holy shit, didn't even notice the price raise, glad I am all in!
Good coin
Its another>the developers are back!>the developers had some trouble at first, but are working harder than ever now!>the old developers were replaced with this new team!>this is a completely new coin!episode
Fuck yeah motha fuckers
Lol someone else had the same idea 
k sats
holding 50k here btw.
feels good to have found a future 100xjust waiting, comfily
10BTC volhahahahahahahahaha
Checked my blockfolio this morning and for the first time in 2 months I haven't been JUSTed.
Thanks POSW.
a sign that your early and this is a massive sleeper coin?
Newfags be warned this has all happened before and it will end the same way.
POSW will fuck you
Superstition in trading
That's where you are wrong senpai..
Lack of research is a bitch.. See you in a years time buddy.
You'd WISHED you listened.
anyone know how long it takes to withdraw posw from poswallet to cryptopia?
My withdrawals been stuck for an hour now
I been telling biztards for two months about this.
Nobody has been listening.
They've all been saying no.Gonna feel good in two months.
Maybe because a few got POZD hard a few months back
Big if huge
increasing volume...this shits lookin to pump hard
Topia can process for like 2hrs max, then like 5 mins for poswallet to register it
ty for the response
Stay away from this Piece of Shit coin

Nobody touch this shitcoin.
Hahah that's complete bullshit.
this screenshot is from 3 months ago when there were loads of butthurt bagholders that got fucked by the old team and fudded everywhere.
It's literally a lie.go and do it and post proof mate.There are 70m coins total, 44m in circ with the rest in cold storage (the posw treasury).
Masternode operators get to vote on how these funds are spent to expand posw in the future.Why spread misinformation?
do you hate biz?
Everything is going on open-source over the next month, so you will have your proof thenthis coin is clean as fuck and the tech (Tpos) is a complete innovation and really useful