This is it.
We're at ICO price and walls being eaten hardcore.
Once it breaks the mental barrier, no turning back.
Big plans from the team and big remaining quarter of 2017.
delet this we just got rid of the pajeets and you want them back...
WE BROKE IT BOYSSS!!!
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Delete i don't want pajeets to come back
WHY DID I SELL AT .00014??????????????????????????????????????????????????????
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
o jesus it actually went past ICO price!
Unbelievable!
For those of us that got into the coin at 13k sats, it fucking is my friend.
The cucks have been shaken out, time for the real gains to start
What will be the first resistance?
It wont go straight to 1 dollar, it will go up, then crash, then eventually get up to 1 dollar.
Wait until they get this on Bittrex
People like you, my friend, make crypto game truly amazing
uh its going down?
Yes down ;)))
when was this coin ever 13k sats lol wtf
You wish =)
Heading to Too100 first page on coinmarketcap.
So there is going to be something big tomorrow?
Smells like insider trading
holy shit 1k
its happening.
This is cryptos.
Insider trading is legal.
Holy frick watch this shit moon
first day on binance
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Guys.....
Seriously I'm gonna FOMO back.
I'll never panic sell againaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa but it hurtssssssssss
totally not insider info.
you didn't hear it from me.they're probably going to release staking tomorrow.
mate shut the fuck up the project is barely a month old, it's good but you're just being a faggot now
definitely insider trading.
must be some huge news tomrorow - can't wait till we fkn pump like crazy
are you some kind of idiot?
this isn't a new company.
they've been working on this shit for a while.
He is right, shut up m8
4267261okay, both of you will eat your own shit tomorrow when they release the news.
when should I sell?up 70% already
He meant eth lol
They are clearly not releasing staking.
You got no clue what you are talking about?Only the burning mechanism is relevant for the next month to year.>What is Casper / Plasma?
They explicitly stated that they aren't even thinking about staking yet.
Sell at 1000% you fucking noob.
are you autistic?
thiss thing is finally just getting started.
I didn't have any patience and missed out on GAINS.
don't have adhd
4267385screencapped.
i bet you guys will say "hurrdurr we were just trying to keep it a secret to accumulate" tomorrow.
No, if they announce staking I'll admit I was wrong.
But they fucking won't lmao
pop in drop i want my 500 sat i sold at .
lol
Have you even followed the team so far?
They replaced staking with the burning mechanism, because staking is only avaible with plasma.If you would have done your research you would shill this mechanism because it anyway has more value for the holders than staking, but i guess it's too complex for you.
Just do me one favour, stop bullshiting.
b MC?Paypal is 88b right so night entirely possible rrrihgt?
He said 1000% not 1000x Jesus Christ
% is 10x lol
4267664hahahaha i tricked you I-I-Im not really this dumb it was merely a ruse
don't be a pajeet.
also, read.
also, yeah, 30b is possible too, if it's played right.
ethereum is a "scam-coin" at 30b, rrrrihgt?
;)
Come on, be realistic.
I think a Market Cap of 400 million is possible by Q3 2018.
LET"S GO BOYSSSS!!!!
find out about the req sell targets posted here https://discord.gg/XqxnPec
fuck off pajeetthere is only one sell target: moon.
for real.
So naive.
>mfw +120% from last weekAnd fomo hasn't even started
4267730Crypto MC is now 200 b.
Next year its like 1000b
should've sold at 1k.
I fucking knew it would dump, but I just held.Oh well
Vizard is a fucking scammer.
I never engaged in their pnds, but watched from the sidelines a few of their "pumps" and people have lost between 10-50% in those pump and dumpsHe has a pyramid scheme going, where he picks a coin, let's himself and those in the elite buy first cheap, then it goes down the pyramid (depending on how many people you invite)
nice floor at 900 now though and by the looks of those MM walls shouldnt take much to move it plus the 32btc wall was pulled
Kek what a retarded boy
 millions marketcap>literally dozens of competitors>only argument is muh Ycombinator which has a 93% failure ratekek you fucking cryptogamblers will stay poor forever
93% failure ratewew, lad you're fucked in the head
What is your guess then?
I'm on REQ but I'm fairly managing my expectations.A trillion market cap sounds nice.
You'll have to be holding legit shitcoin to not benefit from it.
went all in yesterday did i do good Anons?
-500M cap Q1-Q2 is possible and will be hit for sure.
If we use skateboards and pic in front of operations centers even more.
JUSThttps://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
Same here.
I hope we dont get reqt.
yeah.realax, ur good.
give it some time guys