
trusting jewtel with encryptionyikesbetter sell this
we can't find anyone to code for usDUMP DUMP DUMP
LINK now working with IntelAnother day, another massive partnership.
When will this stop?
all in
ALL IN AND RENT FREE MADDA FUKAS!
And I'm freeeeeeeeeeee
>developer circelsPajeet detected
So ChainLink was a Ruby project?
Somehow I missed that.
Probably the worst choice of language for blockchain related stuff.
When the fuck will it go back to at least 30cents... this is excruciating..
Proof of concept, nigger
So if a company buys computers from Acer, they have a partnership with Acer?Fucking brainlet.
If you have a sticker on a skateboard, do you have a partnership with Apple?
million dollar company employees>using a new language and some new software is a big deal which puts the whole project on holdwhy is crypto so fucked up like this?
In the real world if a company was going to get 50million of venture capital funding they would already have like 100+ employees and a working product
REEEEEEEEEEEE I thought they were working on this shit for the last three years wheres their working product
chainlink causes poo to go into the looChainlink confirmed not a pajeet scam.
Just bought 100k.
Still looking for that developer, huh?
Why they didn't start with GoLang in the first place .
Instead they pick in one of the slowest languages which is not suited for blockchain and real time data.
I think ChainLink dudes are completely clueless.
So are they starting this shit just now?
WTF???????????????
Is this good news or what?
44866114486740Holy shit you people are braindead.
not an argument.
Starting what shit?Be specific in your response.
The whole chainlink thing
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
No, they already have a testnet where you can run nodes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTw7b6xG4uo
Mass suicides would cause the price to go up fuckface
circels
I have some time to kill.Let me start with your post.which puts the whole project on holdSource that anything got put on hold.>In the real world if a company was going to get 50million of venture capital funding they would already have like 100+ employees and a working productThis is "why not just cure cancer?
"-tier stupid.One example: hyperledger is a project started in 2015, spearheaded by IBM and with the support and involvement of many of the Hyperledger partners (including Swift) which are pretty much all multi-billion dollar companies, and it's nowhere near ready.That's just one example.
A single, specific example.
One.
1.You dumb fuck.
"The whole chainlink thing" has been ongoing for a number of years now.The project was mentioned by name by the World Economic Forum as early as 2015.
Wait.... this is written in RUBY??!?!!
SELL SELL SELL
So is Amazon.I really wonder who you people are to drop to this level of stupidity in your fud.
ALL in right now
new technology.....
great that they are hiring a marketing team.
we are mooning very soon guys!
the most innovative project of the crypto space.
do you guys have any idea of how big it is to implement a hardware into crypto.
Intel SGX, this is fucking a new era boyz!
and we are the early adopters.
you soon will tell your grandchildren how you made it remembering /biz/ .. SEE YOU ON THE MOOOOOOOOON
ENHANCE
Look up how mining works.Fuding so bad you're shilling.
They aren't marketing to redditors.
The marketing team will shill to banks and corporations.
One example: hyperledger is a project started in 2015Meant to type "hyperledger fabric".
Yup sergey is elon musk at balding fat stage right now.
In 10 years he will be dating a genetically modified Amber Heard.
In 10 years he will be dating a genetically modified Amber Heard.Now THAT's when you sell.
That would be the only thing keeping the price from going to 0
So these guys are switching to Go and don't even have a dev to do it right now.
Just hire multiple Go devs, it's not that hard to translate code from another language unless it is a total hackjob with no documentation and bad architecture.If Sergey doesnt get his shit together, the future doesn't look good.
Either this project will take years to get rolling, it will be abandoned due to incompetence or it will be stolen and implemented by someone else.
“Update.”
Either their tech is so trivial that it will be fast to port it to Golang, or their tech is so complicated it will take years to rewrite.In the first scenario, there is no reason why SWIFT or another competitor cannot just clone the tech and sell their own implimentation faster by rewriting it with a team of skilled developers.In the second scenario, it will take way too long and software rewrites are INCREDIBLY risky.
They very very rarely finish on time and on budget, even with skilled devs.
There are always a million tiny problems and bugs that have to be continuously patched.I have seen enough rewrites go to hell and never get delivered in my career as a dev, even on very skilled teams.I didn't know they needed to rewrite the whole thing.
Also they picked a meme language.
Should have picked C++ or C. Many more skilled developers to choose from.I'm out.
holy sht link with acer too, the mad man is actually doing it
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_languages_used_in_most_popular_websiteswhat part of amazon is written in Ruby?
So these guys are switching to Go and don't even have a dev to do it right nowSays who?Maybe they just want more?Either their tech is so trivial that it will be fast to port it to Golang, or their tech is so complicated it will take years to rewrite.Haha what?This reads like a joke.
"Either it is too easy or it is too complicated.
">I'm out.And stay out.
Two seconds in google: http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2006/11/29/amazon-goes-ruby-on-rails/
How much link do you have?
http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2006/11/29/amazon-goes-ruby-on-rails//11/29are you a fucking retard or what?
do you understand they stopped using that a long time ago?
lmao I still can't get over this I'm laughing so hard.
you literally thought Amazon still uses Ruby in 2017 omfg
There is no middle ground
4487878Here's Janko Jerinic, former Senior Software Development Engineer at Amazon (2015-2017) saying Ruby is a close second to Python for scripting at Amazon.You're an aggressive kind of stupid, aren't you?Post more stupid shit for my entertainment pls, I am growing more and more entertained.And even if you were right about Amazon no longer using Ruby (which you aren't), Chainlink is about to stop using Ruby as well, so you never even had an argument there either.lol
Here's Janko Jerinic, former Senior Software Development Engineer at Amazon (2015-2017) saying Ruby is a close second to Python for scripting at Amazon.Link: https://www.quora.com/What-programming-languages-are-used-at-Amazon
Whatever dude.
You never had to port any software of any complexity to another language have you?You're the same kind of faggot that tells me in meetings "Durr why don't we just rewrite library X in a memory safe language so we don't have security problems"Because that would take years to get a correct implimentation that is bug free enough for fucking production use.You think swift is gonna trust some fresh code written in a meme language with trillions of dollars?
They don't replace code they wrote in the fucking 80s at banks because it works and if they look at it sideways it will break and their whole system will go down and be fucked.And they are gonna be cool with just putting all their shit on this Golang thing that they don't understand, hasn't been around for... Well doesnt even exist at this point, and none if their devs know the language.You know how many people who work at banks use Go?
I have consulted with banks and I have never seen it running anything in production.
Ever.
Not in the past year and a half I have been consulting.
It's a complete meme language that only exists inside the silicon valley bubble.
Banks will never trust it, sorry.
Banks still do most of their real work on mainframes.
Should have picked java, c++, or C.
lololololololol did you forget the link?Yeah you did lol.
HAHAHAHA oh my god you can't actually be this dumb.
Please actually read the link you posted, and if you don't understand the difference between what he's saying and your claim that "Amazon uses Ruby", then read it again until you do.>Amazon uses Ruby>I can prove it>Some warehouse guys used it on a side project 3 years back, see!?!
I understand that you're someone who has to be right, I'm trying to help you here.
You're wrong to say amazon uses Ruby.
They really don't.
Ask anyone in the tech space.
Sure a lot of their employees probably know Ruby, and love Ruby, but they just don't use it for enterprise level coding, scripting, or whatever use case you want to pull out of your ass in an effort to not look like an idiot.
they are using ruby for devops and small scripts, not for complicated json parsers than rely on speed
Lololol did you forget the link>HAHAHAHA oh my god you can't actually be this dumbCringe
They're moving everything to Go because it SCALES better.
I.e.
it'll run better on a massive scale.
but they already said that at devcon, the news here is that they're going to hire people?also, that dosen't look like Rory in the pic, or am I mistaken here?
4488074Squirm more, dumbass.
This.
They are making a world-wide scaling monster of an enterprise.
we are going to take over the entire crypto space.
There is simply no way we can fail.
A rewrite before the actual product is released is super dumb.
It means something was wrong from the start.
yeah, what's wrong is that it doesn't scale.
but that issue will soon be fixed.
then there will be nothing standing in our way.
Fuck Idk anything about programming .
Not sure if I'm fucked or not
no, it means they hurried to get a PoC for SIBOS and they don't want to deliver a piece of shit that can't scale so they're doing it as it should be before releasing itthat's what the ICO money was for, for them to have time to work on a really ocmplicated project that can change the way finances work, or you thought they would accomplish that in a day?
dude, your FUCK'd, JUST'd and your LAMBO ticket is now expired.
DUMP DUMP DUMPjk, it's actually great to hear there will be marketing action
You never had to port any software of any complexity to another language have you?People do this all the time.And porting is not a matter of "it's either too easy or too complicated".Dumbass.
Buy ALL my Pissbags, linkies
im all in with the baller
This delusion!
Lol.
Can you tell me about the programming language?
Is it true they are using some bullshit language?
Does it even matter?
What's ruby and golang??
I thought chainlink was a finished product?
Or, the implementation is a meme itself and is currently incomplete / does not exist.
The whole message reads like "we can't find anyone to code for us, need more time"
Working product, not a finished product.
Their testnet worked flawlessly at sibos.
Mainnet is not yet ready.
are you the same faggot in every thread who uses this frog why do i see this in every single link thread.
by the way best cold storage wallet for link friend?
I‘ve worked for Amazon in IT and that is pretty accurate.
Though these days mainly python is used for scripting / smaller software.
That is nothing the site itself is running on though.
You need massive scalability and performance for peak business.Chainlink holder myself, but that scope of “rewrite” is unsettling.
First real bad news i’ve heard about LINK...
I believed in this shitcoin.
I’m dumping it now.
This team is so fucking unprofessional.
It’s going to bleed out until these two potheads get their shit together.
This rewrite shit isnt cleared up tonight and im out.
Wait till the reddit queers see this shit.
We could see chainlink at .05 before thanksgiving because of this.
ledger nano
 This one should get up to 60mil MK from 15 in a few months.
If anybody wanted to make more LINK money.
LINK will still be bottomed out by then IMO lol.
t. LINK bag holder
How many fucking spelling errors did you count in that message?
The guy can't even use an automated spell checker?
How many errors in his code will he miss as well?
He's probably drinking heavily at this point.
It's kinda bullshitty imo but I suppose if it scales well, it might be worthwhile.
They have top tier advisors, so I sure hope they can defend this deicison.
I was shocked to read it was initially Ruby and almost bailed.
I don't know though anon.
literally still discussing the features that will go in version 1. this is so far behind it hurts
Looks fake
Jesus Christ.
Suddenly I really regret investing into this.
It's gonna be until 2020 at this rate until Link moves even 5%
dat meme doe
And they are discussing it with some random people on gitter?!
SWIFT is in a hurry to compete with Ripple, maybe ChainLink got ahead of things in the pressure.
I hope they'll do a decent update after all this has been revealed now.
Still have faith in this project tho!!
give it a rest.
hurr durr this'll take 20 years to get done.
maybe you're right.
or maybe, just maybe, you wrong.
LINK has top tier advisors, so I'm hoping they made a smart decision.
Scalability is a huge issue, and C++ is known for scaling well, but perhaps Go is better.
This is a red flag to me, because imo Go is botnet af (developed by Google), but I'm still holding - though I may start swing trading half my holdings as I feel a drop incoming.
Hey, at leas they're hiring more devs and marketing people.
At best we should see an increase in hype and sped up productivity, at worst we'll see more and more fud and price drops.
I'm going to start swing trading my stack to accumilate more in preparation for this FUD sale.
What's the telegram chat?
guise....th they're partners with swift, it says so on their website