BCH crash incoming Bitcoin already recovering
Crashing now!!!
4 red candles in a row past hour... dump is eminent!!!
Sell!!!!
NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWHY DO I KEEP GETTING DUMPED ONTHIS IS NOT FAIR
you just lost everything?
its ok, join this group https://discord.gg/UXG63Z
shut the fuck up you stupid nigger.BCH is gonna skyrocket and take over BTC soon enough.
Why do you people keep fomo buying?
Unless you got in early you always wait to buy on the correction.
Natural FUD before moon mission
Tell yourself that in 2 days when bch is back to sub $300 levels1000 was the high if you didn't sell you're gonna be bagholding for a whilescreencap this
You had been warned but you just didn't listen, instead you let shills tell you everything is going to be great.
k is far from high
its already under 900stay deluded
Ahhhhhhhhhhh I bought bch at ATH
BCH is going for its run to 1.3k right now.
Starting.Go check it out if nothing else.
This shit is gonna be legendary.The sell walls will be crushed with authority.
Noooo plz stop I sold at a loss bch plz be ded
it was just a retrace, pumping again right now.
Do I short?
You idiots have the shortest memories ever.
This exact scenario played out after the August fork.
BTC fud, pump BCH while buying up cheap BTC, then dump BCH on all the cucked fools that fell for the Bcash muh flippening meme.
When will you dumbfucks learn
.3k here we come!
Its already mooning again.
BCH will be dump soon just like with the last pump in august when bch had 88% of the miners.
This won't last long.
Sell your bch for btc while you can or enjoy being bankrupt
It's currently in a dead cat bounce.
You really should sell.
Xlm has been on a steady rise for an hour or so and is much safer than volatile as hell BTC right now.
>Hello I am a faggot investor from the future, buying BCC was the worst decision ive made to date, they fucking dumped me, and now I am down 50% more.
Don't get in the trap.They are going to dump BCC hard, get back in BTC and fucking stay pussies.
it's fluctiating like crazy ,hopefully will get to 1k soon enought so we can all just get our money back and pretend it never happend
Ya at least I can buy btc while its low