Start stacking now before the moon mission.
Normies take note, this is the one you're looking for.
XMR will go the distance
nice try
Fucking oath, moved from BTC to XMR for peace of mind yesterday.
Making solid but sustainable gains and not getting embroiled in all the BTC vs BCH bullshit, feels good man.
I did the same thing.
Im scared
Don't be scared.
Monero gives very little fucks about the price movements of other coins.
Some, but very little.
I'm feeling pretty comfy in monero right now.
I went in at 115,selling at 125
This.
Monero is the best hedge.
Once this bitcoin cash/bitcoin drama is over, people are going to move a lot of money into Monero and we are going to rocket.
Is there a hardware wallet for XMR?
Also obligatory Monero is what Bitcoin was supposed to be.
How do I move my btc to xmr with shapeshift being a useless cunt?
No, but it's on the to-do list of both Ledger and Trezor.
Some guy is also making his own prototype and who knows he may start selling them.
Honest to god this.
I'm 95% ETH but it's very clear that Monero behaves largely independently to the rest of the market.Ethereum & Monero >>>>>> Everything elseMonero is one of the few coins I actually believe in, and I say that as someone who has never owned any before.
Monero should be #1 by marketcap tbqhwyf.
Or at least #2 to Ethereum.
im holding XMR, NEO, ETH and LINK for potential gains.
am I good?
I'd get some XLM, seems like 470 sat was the bottom and it's going up again.
XMR, ETH and LINK are good bets.I'm skeptical regarding NEO, but I think it's a decent hold in the short term (It's got nothing on Ethereum).Good portfolio.
4316897except Monero is traded with BTC so you're fucked if BTC has some kind of a catastrophic crash, like what may happen soon.
Better to stick with ETH
Monero is traded with fiat on Bitfinex, Bithumb and Kraken
ETH is also traded against BTC, and XMR is also traded against USD.
And on Bittrex.
when is the moon mission?
Seem like i just got trolled buying at ATH :(.
MY dude.
ATH was last summer.
Moon mission starts when everyone starts osing money in the BTC/BCH shtifight and follows the smart money into safer hedges like XMR, ETH, etc
o this could go for a while
I'm tempted to go all in on XMR right now.
There's something in the air, I feel like it's on the cusp of a breakout.
Smart money is moving to Monero.
Do not forget that XMR pretty much has taken over the drug markets because of the anonymity.The very least you're going to get a nice increase once BCH crashes and money is flowing out into other coins.
I have 0 doubt Monero will hit $200, but I also think there might be a chance it just goes fucking parabolic.People made lots of money from these bitcoin forks/bch drama, they withdraw and want to store it somewhere stable, and private (tax reasons etc) - Monero.
It's wishful thinking because I own a lot of it but it's nice to think about.
i got 16 monero, will I make it?
Maybe you'll make enough to buy a nice new laptop.