ETH IS A FUCKING PEDO COIN NOW
whats wrong with pedos?
>tfw Eth will get you a loli gf
The funny part is that its actually rising right after his tweet.
Meme magic is alive and well.
Thank you based pedo-skelly
He deleted the tweets what a fucking moron
Wait for the SJW dumbass who will drop all their coins, 'by principle'
What did I miss?
What the fuck http://archive.is/IBm6v
ARHG MY PEDO
FUCK JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP VITALIK SHIT
He's not even correct.
If you possess CP, it means you had to at some point seek it out.
If you had to seek it out, it means you have contributed to the demand.
If there is a demand for CP, it will therefore continue to be produced.
An insightful comment on biz?
4352339What happened?
Can someone aware me please?
A lot of crypto is traded by asians that honestly don't give a flying fuck even if they could read his tweets
I can easily argue that (i) doing heroin imposes risks on others, or (ii) simple possession of child porn does not.holy shit.
I really like Eth, but jesus dude what the fuck.
Just having lurked various boards on this site at the right times is sufficient for one to possess pizza.
There's no appreciable demand from that activity.
For supposedly such a smart guy he's a fucking retard to not understand demand can create supply
It's over goys.
Exit all Ethereum markets.
Newfag moralfags do not realize Cryptos were used to buy child models or cp images and those said buyers are rich in cryptos.
Of course it will create demand.
he's already demonstrated that he's not economically intelligent at all a few times

Oh god.
I have $30k in ETH.
Is Chris Hansen going to arrest me now?
not handling your crypto behind 7 proxies at all timesYou dun goofed
I generally agree, but please, explain why videos of tortured/assassinated people (sometimes even minors) are perfectly available on clearnet on sites like liveleak and nothing would happen to you if you watch and save them, meanwhile if you watch a 15 year old hottie with huge titties enjoying sucking her bf's dick it becomes a vile act worth 30 years of prison?
?By your logic, watching these gore videos create demand for more of these gore videos (which contain actually evil activities), so why are them allowed?
KYSYS
because that's just the way society is, being retardedly inconsistent
Solid argument.
Did your low IQ normie brain malfunction at facts?
He's panicking already lmao
because the people that run the world and use child porn and child fucking as blackmail tactics need it to stay that way.
http://archive.is/IBm6vhe didn't go to colleg and now hes fukin lidel peeps in da butt
now Are you people braindead?
Jesus Christ.
"deleted" is such a strong word.
All he did was fork his twitter account to a chain where the tweets did not occur.
HE CANT GET AWAY WITH THIS
basted vitalik
Because pedophiles should be burned alive and/or castrated.
A 15 year old has the mental and emotional capacity of a child so whoever's dick getting suck should be thrown into the oven too.
If both are kids, throw whoever recorded it into the oven.
If it was recorded by dumb kids having fun, throw the recording and anyone who wants to watch it into the oven.It's that simple.
No pedos, no problems.
If you really need to jerk off to kids just watch some anime or hentai shit, I have no problems with drawings or 3D art.
But if real, living kids are involved you should be killed.
Degeneracy of this level has no place in society.
This.
Except throw people that look at drawn/3D CP into the oven as well.
this
This!Except throw all people in the oven
EVERYTHING.
Even Jesus hated pedos.
Kill em all.
"It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones.
"-Luke 17:2
Please do not meme this, please...
I am playing the long game on ETH.
Please, let me have this one /biz
drawn anything is fine.
children, or anyone else for that matter, arent actually exploited, and could be an otherwise harmless outlet for pedophiles.
but if they cross the line hang em good.
DESU WA~!
I think that people who look at drawn/3D CP have a serious problem and are a potential danger to society.
But I'm willing to let it slide to an extent if no real kids are ever involved in this process or around this person at all.Need to go after the ones hurting real kids before we sweep up the stragglers.
I'm really debating selling off my eth holdings.
I've only got about 3 ETH total, but fud is getting me hard right now.
children, or anyone else for that matter, arent actually exploitedNo, well, they might be if someone acts on their desires.
But those people are still disgusting individuals I have no problem cleansing.
I'm really debating selling off my eth holdings.
I've only got about 3 ETH total, but fud is getting me hard right now.Don't be an idiot.
Ignore the FUD.
Hold.
wrong.
It's lolicoin
Stupid force.
Stop multiplying shitthreads.
Being a Trump hating commie tolerable, being a pedo?
No.
Dumping all my ETH now.
Agreed.But just to be devils advocate,I believe the counter argument is if you criminalize it you push it underground, and there chances are limited for recidivism, and catching them in the first place.Also, one could ask why are videos of other crimes not illegal.But in my view CP should stay illegal.
Jesus hated pedosand look where that got him
SOBODY SEW VITALIKS MOUTH SHUT HES RUINIGN MYU GAINS
holy shit money skel is retarded lmao
4352998this is the line of thinking that will get you to look at CP out of curiousity and then mention it to a therapist and then get you arrested society may be inconsistent but it's much better not to think about it and focus on gains
Because gore videos aren't intentionally created.
People just happen to film accidents.
If you watch gore videos that are specifically created to be gore videos by for example killing somebody while filming that and you then seek out those videos then yes you are also a piece of shit.
Also  year old hottieKys
because raping children is worse then killing people you worthless pedo
If a bird shit on your car that means that you had to at some point seek it out.
>itt: burgersAny AOC beyond post-puberty may have societal benefits, but to act like it's moral or god-given is plain retarded.
15 years olds are dumb, so are 18 years olds, so is 99% of humanity if you're not a mong yourself.
IQ tests had to change their classifications when most blacks landed at "mildly retarded".
Yes, people trend towards smarter and wiser overall as they age.
There is no clear line, stop acting like your own beliefs are anything but peer pressure when studies show men report attraction to 13-15 years olds over 35+ when presented with pictures of faces, no age shown.
Context matters, consensual lovemaking between a 19 years old and a 15 years old in a long term relationship is arguably miles better than a fat 50 years old ramming his dick into a girl who turned 18 two weeks ago on camera for everyone to see under flattering monickers like facialabuse or barelylegal.
Vitalik is our guy!I'm lolicon and proud.The day will come, and we'll all rejoice in our VR sex simulators with our waifus.