I'm thinking of going to live in Germany for some time.
My money is all in bitcoins.How do krauts cash out their bitcoins?
Apparently there are no bitcoin ATM's in the whole country.
I've heard that Kraken doesn't work either, is that right?
BitwalaBitpayBitcoin.de+fidor credit card (or o2 banking credit card - it's on the fidor infrastructre)
Any exchange or local bitcoinHold crypto for a year, don't pay capital gain tax
Or bitcoin-treff.de instead of localbitcoinBitcoin.de/fidor credit card still the best choiceLitebit.euBitpanda.com
a country that is the father of technology>has no Bitcoin atms..just wat
Bitpandatheir fees are a bit exaggerated and opaque but never had a problem with them.
Thanks for the tip about bitcoin treff, first time I saw it, might come in handy some day
Buying plushies
Enjoy being Allahuackbard.
Who in their right mind would want to move to Germany?
It's a Marxist cesspool .
bittrex, binance, coinbase etc all work fine.
you know Germany is home to quite a few crypto currencies, right?
a country full of muslimsthey are doomed anyway
- Relatively cheap living costs- Great social / night life- Easy access to the rest of Europe- Beautiful countryside to the south
pussy.
Relatively cheap living costsabsolutely deluded.
inshallah brother u enjoy ur stay there.
they really love foreigners.
yallah habibi inshallah
great social lifegermans are the biggest cucks of them all
Cheap livingNot really.
Taxes are crazy, rent is through the roof and houses cost about the triple of US houses
I'm German.
That's why.Switzerland seems nicer, especially with their gun rights and all, but I'm afraid of incurring a tax liability if I apply for permanent residency here.
I'll make some more money while traveling around Europe, and then buy a house in Monaco or the Bahamas.I agree, except with the cheap living costs.
>I'm thinking of going to live in GermanyBurgerfriend,why would you go to that third world shithole?
Do you like weekly acid attacks and scenes of poverty and poor infrastructure everywhere?
don't fall for the Germany memeCome to the Netherlands instead.
We are actually first world
Have you been loving under a rock for the past years?
Germany is a wasteland of what it once was, cheap living?
Keep dreaming.
Move to Poland instead.
You are in for a nasty surprise if you move to that pit.
cities round cologne are super cheap
buy a house in monaco hahahhahaha
4489967this
come to east germany landside - no fucking muslims, only leftover germans and some poles,kinda comfy desu
what do you mean landside?
Come to the Netherlands instead.
We are actually first worldis this a joke?NL is just as overrun with kebabs and niggers as germany...
Damn.
according to coinatmradar German and France have no bitcoin ATMs.
what are you comparing it to?
I think east germany might be nice.
not as much, but we are getting there.
Our white birth rates are also actually close to replacement level and my personal feeling is that they are rising if i see the ungodly amount of white babies and children suddenly walking my nigger infested city.
in addition, we actually have a good chance of dealing the arrogant establishment a titanic blow next election, as /ourguys/ are becoming more popular than ever.
The absolute genius that is Geert Wilders has become so extreme that he has left a gaping hole where once was the tight and politically incorrect anus of the netherlands, giving acces to more normie-friendly parties that may be even more radical than Wilders.
It's a Marxist cesspool .I can smell the 56 from here
What do you mean 56
number of people killed by trucks of peace today
german here, can't wait to leave the country as soon as I got enough spare money.For the cashing out question: I didn't cash out yet but theres tons of ways.
If you want straight cash jst use a atm in the netherlands, there is one literally like 30 min away from my house.If you go the good way and pay taxes you can use coinbase to transfer straight to bank account or AnyCoinDirect to sell btc to paypal money