Why is this thing undervalued?
PLEASE TELL ME?
I have read the whitepaper and this thing is going to change the future.
Most people are saying oracles shouldn't be worth that much but... Vitalik also said Ethereum shouldn't be worth more than $7.Honestly.
I don't mind buying 4K worth and leaving it all in for a year.
So the oracle had some problem or some shit and this nigga solved it
because this?
Other people are doing it on better platforms.
LINK isnt special.
Dont get memed on by biz idiots.https://mobius.network/
Buy it.
You can trust Sergey.
Has nothing to do with a decentralised oracle system.
Also don't get shilled by biz shills, such as this one
Buy it man, there is no way in hell this is not worth $5 / coin by 2018 end.
(Most likely $50 or higher)
Kek wills it!Based anon.>Link Marines HODL!
It's apparently only /biz/ that understands the significance of implementing real world external data into Smart Contracts & decentralized Oracles.
Rest of the market is a combination of being both ADHD & stupid for it to 'click' just how big this is.
(Admittedly took me awhile.)
Also Swift has got to be the largest company that nobody has heard of, so the partnership eludes others who would rather chase an IBM or McDonalds partnership rumor.
Hey dude, this is going to fail, I bought 3k link at 30c, that was food money my guys
Imagine the retards on biz that bought at 50c, 30 is nothing.
People here lost tons of cash on LINK and only the bagholders defend it.
Sergey Nazarov is a fucking fraud and will end up pulling off the biggest heist in crypto history.
This shitcoin is headed to 0.0003 cents
Others understand the significance, it's just the team is underwhelming and the coins themselves have little use.
Look at the team page, it’s literally made by pajeets.
the coins themselves have little use.someone didn't read the white paper
pajeet(pajeet)
44400284439811Literally all you brainlets can say is pajeets.
LOOK AT THE WHITE PAPER AND PARTNERS.
Do not delude yourself please.
Get rid of your fucking bags and get out while you can.
Your loses are not bad at this point im trying to give you genuine advice.
Explain it to me, it says the tokens are only used to power nodes, anyone operating a node would then immediately sell those back to people requesting nodes and supply would always = demand.
the coins themselves have little useThe coin is used to pay the node operators the don't need to do any fancy calculus shit, any erc20 shittoken will be more than enough.The strong part about link is everything else.
Just tell him what the coin does so he learns, like I just did on my previous reply.
He won't read the whitepaper anyway.
losses aren't as badI bought at 0.40, 0.34 and 0.30.
60k worth, faggot
Thinking of putting $1k into this just for fun and to get involved in memeing the shit out of it.
Can someone talk me out of it?
They're not close to a working product, partnerships with a use case, or exchanges with a high reputation.
There, saved you $1k
I duno but its starting to get demotivating now.
YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE MORE.
GET OUT NOW.
Im not trying to get you to buy mobius garbage, im trying to SAVE YOUR ASS
I still dont get why the price would ever increase for tokens, the amount of tokens a node charges for an operation will always be proportional to the price and their electricity cost, the node would then sell these tokens back to the operator, there would be a limitless supply, no one would have a point to hoard them.
No, you’re trying to buy my bags.
I’ll either ride this bad boy to $10 or 1 satoshi.
But I definitely won’t trade it for some pajeet garbage.
there would be a limitless supplyThat's what you got wrong.
Because the amount of tokens is no infinite, the price should increase exponentially.
he doesn't know about the node incentive for holding LINK
Fine I wont say anything else.
but PLEASE take a picture of what ive said.
Look back a year from now and learn from this lesson i tried teaching you.
It will help you with future investments.
damn.
you serious.
What should I buy instead??
meant for 
But if someone was operating a node they would have operating costs to pay for, meaning they would sell the link they get as payment, so any link used to buy operations (demand) would always equal (supply), with demand = supply there wouldnt be upwards pressure on price.
Following that same logic, Ethereum shouldn't be worth anything either.
But it is.
30 billion actually.
you talk exactly like a pajeet lmao
Ethereum has a good team, many applications and a promising future, it has a chance to rival bitcoin as a store of value/cash due to it's marketshare.The key difference is, ethereum doesnt let miners choose the transaction fees, for nodes they will always choose the fees based on the current price.
There is no partnership with Swift, that's why no one is buying.
that's true.
Swift is a LINK client, not partner.
hahahahahahahaha screencapped
include me in the cap!
Put me in a Lambo with my LINKs.
Does someone have a 2-3 page summary of the whitepaper for some of these people to read?
I don't understand how people are missing an actual moon mission.
Like SERIOUSLY.
Wite papyer ard 2 red.
Really though, it is a bit heavy.