>tfw your mom owns 1.4 million USD worth of Bitcoin.I told her about BTC back in 2012 and she let me buy a bunch using her money.
Now she is not letting me get a cut!
I only asked her for 400k USD worth but she says it's her Bitcoin and won't sell it or give me anything.
What should I do?
Anyone else have parents into bitcoin?
Sounds like larp.
KYS
well how does she store it?install a custom keylogger on the PC she uses, then try to scare her into accessing the wallet, say that a huge block of wallets were targeted with some hack that emptied them or some similar sort of fear mongering that you think will be effective on her.
Once she checks, act relieved, "whew im glad you're safe"then proceed to hack ur own mum with her password, empty some of the coins you feel you deserve (but don't take them all, thats just cruel) and there ya go.How do you justify 400k though?
seems weird if it was her investment and foresight to buy them in the first place.
Personally I'd be happy with $100-200k in your shoes but whatever.
Then you are a idiot if you didnt store some for your self if she let you buy
get her nudesextort her with nudes for the bitcoinprofit
lol, just take them what is she going to do?
Your mum knows youre a stupid fucking pink wojaking mother fucker faggot who will lose it all gambling on shitcoins.Its for your own good anon.
She might kick me out of the house.It was my idea to invest in it and I was the one who told her about it.
keylogger>wait, or bait her by telling her there's some hacking shit going on or something>get the info>ayyy
Buy a new house with the money you steal.
Just kidding FBI, this is a joke
she might kick me out of the house???
excuse me braindead, if you had 400k in BTC you could exchange some for rent while hodling most of it.sure your mom would be pissed and would never speak to you again, but shes a raging cunt so who cares
still seems weird, if you had such a bright idea and thought it was a great investment why wouldn't you have put at least a couple hundred dollars of your own money or some shit?
if it was 100% your idea then she must really respect your opinion - tell her you found another investment opportunity and you just need $100k-200k and you can 10x it in three months or something like that.
Then just keep the money and say the shit didn't work out as expected.
She should go for it if you made her so mcuh money with your last idea
Try being a good son and she might change her mind, Jason.