Looks like some pretty good gains coming up for XEL.
Has anyone gotten in yet?
haha.. For real, every time, man.
Just going to be a douche bag real quick....
I've posted GRS, MTL, TRIG(granted, this one ended up not being that big of a gain...still a gain, though), and a few others that I'm forgetting.
I think I've gotten like 3 replies in total.
I'm for real trying to help you guys make some money.
You will see a 20% gain on XEL this week.
Sell this when you make that gain, then you can go back to buying whatever coin is getting its dick rode on that particular day.
Alright...alright...let's go for one more douche round haha.
So, I'll actually go so far as to say that in a few days, XEL will actually be the dick ride of the day.
You guys will be getting in way too late by the time you see it, and you'll be making posts like, "Is it too late to get in on XEL".
Then someone will respond like..."oh no, man, it's the perfect time.
I just saw one of the devs suck a gold dick.
I mean, the dick wasn't gold before he sucked it or anything...but then like...afterwards, it totally was.
So, yeah.
I'd buy. "
Then you'll buy, lose 40%, and start complaining that someone lied to you.
Right now (actually, when it's just a bit lower) is when you buy this coin, blurd durmitt!
you bought a substantial amount in this nobody coin in hopes that there will be a small surge
I have not bought it yet, man.
I will at the buy point, though.
Remember this, man.
Like...not even in a douche way this time.
Maybe you'll make some gains next time.
I thought maybe I should point this out...I was going to hold off because I figured you'd know this, but I'm actually not that sure.
If I did put a "substantial" amount into this for a "small" surge, that would mean that I would make a higher amount of money on that small surge.
So, just for...whatever.... 10% of 10,000 is 1,000.
That's a good gain, mane.
I want a gain at this point from being JUST'd by everything else.thanks for the insight anon
Dude, no problem at all.
You'll make some money on this.
You can try to sneak a buy in the 2700's.
If you're able to watch it, you may be able to sell higher than this, but I'd set a sell point around 3400.
If it bounces around a bit or goes lower after you buy, don't sweat it.
It'll happen.
Just to add one more thing... this does have the potential to sell in the 4k+ zone, so that sell order I gave of 3400 is just the "sure-thing" type gain.
may your green ID give you many gains anon
ha!
I didn't even notice that.
That's pretty good.
Good luck to you as well.