Smart money is swallowing up Loopring.
Loopring buyers are looking to 3-5x over the newshttps://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7e
I made threads about this yesterday but /biz/ is too dumb chasing pumps.
This will moon by the end of the day.
Look at the volume oscillator.
I saw them.
I looked into it and saw the potential immediately.
Already up 40%
Been in Loopring since 10 cents, accumulating for a couple months.
75k and counting, ready to moon.
Larping is a hidden gem
4433100Smart anons
Reeee I bought because someone shilled it here but sold because didn't see any movement after like an hour and neo was mooning hard.
Just rebought now.
It's not too late.
Shuttle is about to take off and never return
Thanks anon just bought a thousand
Rocketing right now
This is the most convincing article I have read so far.
The NEO idiots saying "MUH GOVT APPROVAL" are retarded.
Loopring will benefit the most out of this
Government approval is unlikely but the DEX will still be big news.
Loopring will come out on top of the rubble
ĹRC was pretty big around here during September, but got taken down by the China FUD and delisting on Binance.
This is probably last chance to get onboard, when people finally take notice it's back in full strength.
And it is hitting Bittrex on December https://coindar.org/event/en/Loopring-LRC-Listing-On-Bittrex-218
This coin is probably going to go fucking nuclearWhen is the NEO conference where they are likely talking about it?
ALL ABOARD THE LOOPRING TRAIN
https://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7eThat's a good article.
Someone should share it on the NEO subreddit
I don't use that website
GUYS Is this website the great reveal on Monday?
https://neonexchange.org/
Most likely
Fuck this, Going all in LRC.
Just bought a shit ton of LRC, lets go
4434071Anyone who did their research went balls deep into LRC
What's the deal with all the shill fuckers in this thread?Fuck off morons and fuck your chink coin.
why did the loopring logo change?
Because the original was fucking disaster made by hand in microsoft paint.
Old one looked as bad as antshares
https://medium.com/@rackytwo/loopring-is-the-hidden-gem-amidst-the-neo-news-b1969de76c7eI had my eye on loopring for a long time but this seals the deal.The majoriity agreement speaks volumes about its potential
It's an obvious pick with the news
PRICEDIN
fomoed in fuck it.Gl anons.
went inI dare you biz, if this is another of your shitty shills like chainlink imma btfo forever
Whoever buys this right now is of little intelligence and deserves to lose their money.
It's already up over 20% + over past 24 hours.
DO NOT buy in when something is up more than 5% or else you'll lose, guaranteed.
Wait for the red, then make your limit orders laughably low.
You're welcome.
i boughted just now bruh no big thang
God damnit I tried to buy a big bag of this 2 days ago but hitbtc was undergoing (((maintenance))) because of the failed fucking segshit fork.
So I missed out.
Congratulations, anon!
Now tell us how much you're already down on this investment?Demonstrate to your brothers how you've lost money, save them the despair.
225 support
If I'm honest with myself, the only significant gains in crypto were when I jumped the ANS/WTC/ETP/BCH train after it already mooned more than 20%.
Loopring are partnering with NEO.
Da HongFei will announce it on Tuesday.
This is definitely going to hit like 75 cents on Monday
how do you know that?
It's already up over 20% + over past 24 hoursyea after recovering from an ATL.
2200 is its floating average you tard
Look at bottom of loopring website.