Which direction am I going tonight /biz/ ?
Unfortunately, down.
And down pretty significantly.... low 7000 range.
It's being kept under 8000 pretty obviously, this is the third attempt already.
It's a means to siphon money to bch little by little each time and it's working.
I'm having similar thoughts as well, if it's going to moon it needs to do it soon, like real soon, unless it's not ready for it yet.
btc is the King piece in a game of chess, the most important, least effective and all of the other pieces have to do the work for him
just look at tether movementit might be fraud it might not be but you dont need to be intelligent to know whats happens
Sideways until next dif.
adjustment.
Then most hash power moves to BCH.
BTC becomes crippled forever, which serves it right for being a gay crypto that doesn't scale.
Not to mention completely centralized and the owners of the coin, Blockstream core do not allow the miners to vote for any new upgrades, nor do they allow users to have an opinion because anyone who mentions BCH is automatically instabanned and their post is deleted, nor do they allow any other development groups to work on the coin, you have to be in the blockstream company to even contribute.
Blockstream is funded by bankers who want to capitalize on a fees from a settlement network.
It's so obvious that I can't believe the price is so fuckin high.
The company's only skill is propaganda, they offer nothing else to crytpo.
Not to shill here, but Monero has fixed fees so that can never happen.
Also block size scales automatically.only issue right now is the size of a block and the time it takes to scan the blockchain.
mil printed over weekend.
It's propping up for now, but can they keep it up?Also the tether block explorer, which tether themselves run, blocks you from viewing new pages super fast.
You can look at like 10 tx's then the server will return 403.
Someone doesn't want their secrets getting out.
blockstream ceo's name is cited in whitepaper, Adam Back.
God tier cypherpunk.
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/47fr3p/4_weird_facts_about_adam_back_1_he_never/