What coin has JUSTed you the hardest, /biz/?
LINK, but this is the second time ive been confident that an altcoin would make me rich with ETH being the first.
So comfy so far even though im down close to 70% on this bitch.
I actually bought in late because ive stopped browsing biz for a while and only came back during a week or so before SIBOS kek.
Still, im thankful for biz for finding me a moon mission like this AGAIN even though it would be nice if i only bought in now.
btc>bought at 7.5k by an accident>missed the 7.8k profit windowDGKAKHKAHKAH
As much as I love it and believe in the project, probably FUN.
So many missed opportunities because I have an emotional attachment to my favourite shitcoin and don't sell it for something that is moving faster.
My loyalty will pay off one of these days though, I'm sure.
Bitcoin Cash>BCH moons>literally everything else fucking diesI fucking hate Bitcoin and everything related to it
I'm about to get JUSTed today, fuck this BTC vs BCH war
Same here
REQit should atleast manage to stay over ICO price
No digibyte marines here?
Only newfags here
BTC, invested nearly $100k @ $7800, still holding
Kek.
They all killed themselves in the August Bullrun when they realised DGB was never coming back.
he didn't buy DGB at < 100 sats in Maywe're all newfags here.
The oldfags are all getting coked up and rimmed by expensive hookers in Thailand
Digimarines
TRIG.
My own fault for putting serious funds in a shitcoin looking for a quick 40% - which I got albeit loss rather than gains.
JUST'ng still in progress
I'm still accumulating some trading money before getting in.
I will try to make $10k before spring and hope link hasn't mooned till then

Siacoin, i bought at ATH
When I messed up the dates on confiding pre-sale after getting whitelisted.
Goodbye ez money
I really hope you're joking
Just delete blockfolio and come back in a year, it'll be ok.
siacoinbought in originally at about 100 sats, which isnt so bad.
but then i kept buying up to about 500 sats...and still hold that trash
S
What does Justed mean?
Lost 1k on stox, -80%
It means you have to go back
ethbet i lost a bit on but after demo comes out this month it's going to be an easy 5x, really hyped for it
Fucking NMR.
It was right at t he beginning of my entry and I was an idiot and bought near ATH.
Wasn't much, maybe like 200 dollars, but it taught me about Pump and Dumps lol.
lost 1000 litecoins because of a margin call on bitfinex.
Well I bought them in march 2017 at $5 but if you look at the ath...
I got shrekt by FLIKI knew it was a scam coin, but with an upcoming 90% coin burn coming up I thought it'd pump for awhile and I could make decent gains.I was wrong and I ate a 50% loss.
Had I stayed in and not unloaded my bags it'd be about an 80% loss by now so at least I have that.
Buy high never sell
this little fucker right here, wiped me out 30% of my holdings, never trusted /biz/ since.
He bought the ATHEvery fucking time!
I swear some of you crayon eaters never learn!
I bought ODN and I'm down %thanks /biz/same with linkyou were right about WTC though
What happened to $NULS?
I too fell for the ODN shill but got in early enough that selling at half ATH (greed kept from selling when I should) only presented minor loss.
coulda sold for 3btc a few weeks ago but greed stopped menow I have like 0.7 and barely any paper shitcoin in my bank