Literally everybody just hoped for the fork-drama to be finally over.
After endless altcoin holocausting and stupid BTC overpumping everybody expected the altcoins to finally recover after the 16 or shortly before that date.
Then segwit2x was canceled out of the blue and BCH started to rise due to artificial pumps.
Everybody starts to FOMO and buys into BCH even at 2500$ (lol).I think the s2x cancelation was actually the worst case scenario that could have happened if the flippening really takes place.
This basically means another weeks to MONTHS of altcoins getting holocausted in the wake of it.
Nobody will invest in alts until this shit has played out.
I am getting tired of all the shenanigans these days.
I actually think about selling all my positions and just wait some weeks until this artificial and quite idiotic drama is finally over.
Then I take my time to reinvest.
Will altcoins moon sooner?
Will I miss the altcoin recovery when I pull out my money?What do you think?
I hope Bitcoin Core dies seriously.
It deserves to die for all this drama over 1mb blocks.
altcoins are never going to bounce back up, screencap this
I'm all in zencash, it's either going to pump or going to stay at that price.
If BTC dies, alts would be priced against more currencies and other alts instead of just BTC.
This would be great for the crypto market.
If you guys can't make money during a bear market then you're not cut out for crypto.
I still cant believed how deluded a lot of bitcoiners are.>i-its roger ver spamming transactions, no one actually uses bitcoin to transact so transactions happening are suspicious>t-thats why its backed up>i-its jihan wu who moved his miners>t-thats why its backed up>s-segwit already solved this problem>l-lightning network will solve this in 2 yearsOn a lot of bitcoin forums they constantly talk about how cheap bitcoin fees are and praise the bitcoin devs for lightning and segwit and whatever else.
None of them use btc to transact, they just leave it on coinbase or in an offline wallet and they dont seem to care about people who want to use on a day to day basis.They need to actually put forth solutions instead of blaming other people.
Who gives a shit if the coin is being attacked, create solutions to counter it instead of acting helpless.
I'm so fucking sick of dealing with the rollercoaster ride of transaction fees.
this, i dont get it how you guys lose money ?
LITERRALY 45000 SAT FOR ARK WHEN BTC IS GOING TO MOON.
you guys are so dumb.
literraly invest most of your earnings in btc or a stable coin, and add some sats to it with dt.
literraly.
HOW THE FUCK DO YOU GUYS LOSE MONEY ???
fuck you guys are going to make me millionnaire.
the best you can do is put it on btc when it reach atl =~ 5k and wait 1 year for a guaranted X200.stop aiming at the next X50000 ITS NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN, reinvest the X200 gain and wait anothet year for ×200.
in 11 years max this shit is going to be mass addopted, we're like at the early days of the internet here.look lets say you got 2k now, 2X per year for 11 years so, 2^11 = 2048, 2048 X $2000.
ITS 4 FUCKING MILLIONS, FOUR FUCKING MILLIONS.
you take 3M out, reinvest in long term hodl, live off dividends (35k year) and keep 1M in crypto for a guaranted ×10 in another 20 years.
that of course or you can just get out now and miss the early internets day.
all of those greentexts are true though
Alts aren't going to moon with BTC bleeding and BCH pumping.
Protip: if your coin doesnt have a usd pairing, you are fucked long term.
have fun
Litecoin and ETH bois
on the positive side, LTC is back to .01 BTC