>be poor>all I have is about 60€ invested in LINK>my cat is sick and will probably die anytime soon if I don't pay for the operation >already owe the clinic 160€I will try my luck here and see if I get any donations...
I don't ask for a thousand euros, the operation costs 340€.It all started when his eyes changed their colour from blue to green, I took him to the vet and was told a bunch of stuff I can't repeat because I am not a vet, the thing is they checked him out and so they found out it was not anemia and that his liver was okay, despite being a bit swollen.Anyway we went to the vet again because his ears started to get kinda yellowish... so again blablabla and he said he would need to do a biopsia (if thats the name in english, I am from Spain, so excuse my english).
I can't pay for it but we live in a small town and the vet told me I could pay later on, I will post the receipt later (159,99€).So again more vet technicisms I barely understand.
Basically he needs an operation because he is like... leaking liquid and his livers cant handle it and they're getting bigger and bigger by the moment.
He is constantly peeing himself...Anyway straight to the point...
I need 340€ for the operation, they can't let me pay afterwards because of some protocol or whatever, doing a biopsia is much less complex so they did gave me some days to pay, but this is different.I will post some pictures now.
Fuck cats i hope he dies tonight
Here you see his blue eyes have become green.
rudeThat was in the vet.
How old is your cat anon?
Why did his eyes change color?
Why get a pet if you can't afford any treatments?Why have children if you can't provide for them?
Receipt.
>he lives in a country without universal pet carelmao what a barbarian
Fuck you and your catt.
Wild bird
Are you the plushtard?
Ask in reddit.
Neets and lowlifes have no spare cash.
Some illness we're trying to figure out.Well who expects such things to happen?
I used to have a job but then the crisis happened and...>spain>jobsThe crisis fucked us up good.About 7 years old, we took him from the streets.pic related is him when we rescued him, he had an infection and was skelly, but he made it...
Jaundice.
Nice try, old cat lady.
Go to reddit, most of us are poor as fuck lowlifes here.
I hope all of best for you and your cat.
Fuck off shill I'm not investing in any more dice shit.
Market's way oversaturated.
I'm from Spain, not Germany.I don't want to ask them, they're all retards.If anybody wants to donate just say it and I'll post my address.
I faced a similar situation earlier this year.
If i could do it over I would have posted on reddit and I would have setup a gofundme.
What country has universal pet care?
If you really want to save your cat, talk to those retards.
My investment, that's all I got.
I dont even know how reddit works to be honest.
I th-thought /biz/ loved c-cats.
you wouldn't make up excuses if you truly wanted to save your cat
fuck the vet, start feeding your cat an all raw diet, raw meats every day, and he'll get better
Be poor and heard animals with no yield ...
kek I created an account but cant find where to post my shit, can you link me to some 'board' or whatever is it they have there where I can post that and ask for help?
I don't know any board like that because I don¨t need it.If you actually wanna save your cat, go fucking find it yourself.
Using stock google image for your bullshit sympathy ploy.
literally this.
OP YOU BETTER WATCH YOURSELF, IF I SEE BEGGING IM GONNA REPORT YOUR YURO ASS!
YU HEAR ME?
Anon, post a picture of you and your cat with some paper that has "taxation is theft" written on it and ill give you a few dollars in litecoin.
I dont have much but if this is legit im generous
I only asked for 380€ to pay the operation.You're very helpful thank you anon.
I am not with him right now so I can't take such picture.I will talk to the vet tomorrow morning, maybe they can help me get the money somehow.Thanks though, but I am out, I am falling asleep.I guess I will post whether my cat makes it or not... bye guys.
Fancy feast + rat poison.
Problem solved.
No cat, no time stamp & no medical bill!
Fuck you, I saw you bragging a few weeks ago about making a living from suckers via beg threads, karma will fuck you up!
CUNT