s>get a factory job at 18 that can support 5 people, a house and two cars>marry your high school sweetheart and have kids with her young.
She never works a day in her life.
>retire at 55 with full pensions>spend 6 years in school getting a masters to qualify for an entry level job that pays $35k.
$120k in debt from student loans>spend your 20s contemplating suicide from isolation and romantic failure.
Wife up a 35 yr old roasty who’s ready to settle down.
After massive infertility treatments she has one kid at 40.
She puts the kid in daycare >both of you work to payoff your $500k mortgage on your 1500sq feet house>try to put some money in your 401k and pray you don’t get eliminated by a pajeet doing your job for $10/hrGolly I sure do love globalism!
Boomers had life on easy mode
That's why I don't get why people try and go down the boomer life path.The best path is-make money in crypto-live in airbnbs each month-fuck sloots-Uber everywhere-drink and party.
- Never settle down-stay in great shape
Buy Bitcoins>never work a single day in your lifewhy is this so difficult to understand?
If you have 200k to invest maybe.
Most people have 5-10k to begin with.
This is why i hope muslims kill us all.
That's an expensive lifestyle.Better:-make money in crypto-live in low cost-of-living area and stack paper-drive your own car because it's cheaper than uber and driving is fun/manly-invest in AI/sexbot tech-food delivery with UberEats all the time-play pubg
COOL INTERNATIONAL HEDONIST HEREPUSSYTRAVELDRUGSMUST FEEL GOOD FEEL GOOD FEEL GOOD POSITIVE VIBES ONLY NO BAD THOUGHTS NO NOwhat are you running away from so hard man?
The feels are strong.Only Hitler had the balls to fight back against ((them)).
How is this related with his post?
he is most likely referring to the fact that the guy is a complete hedonist faggot who doesn't want to take any responsibility and never start his own family
You are everything I hate about society.
Don't forget the push for women in the workforce took job opportunities away from men.
Women were practically forced to marry a man to support her which created a healthy population growth.
Now women are independent and selfish so family is no longer important
What is wrong with that?
Are you an American nationalist?
Maybe he lives in Argentina?
Who cares?
The fascist states were the only economies to escape the great depression.They had to be destroyed.
Only driving stick is manly.
To drive any other way is no better than driving a child’s dodgem at he funfair, and is so unmanly.
You would have done the same.
In fact you are in a position the next generation will envy.
The birth of crypto.Blame the true criminals here.
The jews.
what's wrong with you why don't you want to be miserable like me???
I work in the Maritime Industry- our payrates have not even been adjusted to meet inflation for over 15 years.
FIFTEEN FUCKING YEARS.
Actual, feminine women in western society are dead with the exception of Christian home schools that teach the girls to stay at home
glad to see there's hope in /biz/ yet.
You hate capitalism then.
The only reason people work in capitalism is their own interest not humanity's goals for the next century.
Daily reminder that people who say "this is the best time to be alive" are wrong, this is only the best time to be a hedonist.
i would take number two if we didn't have such an abundance of shitskins currently infesting the first world.globalism is fine providing they're kept to their containment countries, otherwise it all goes to hell, like it is right now
-invest in AI/sexbot techthis will be a goldmine, yes
give up on western society and let it all fall apart
Sounds like an awesome system
globalism is fineKys
idgaf i'm already rich, i only care about keeping subhuman filth out of the first world
What really gets me is that in places like the Philippines and Thailand, women are more than happy to work and provide for their man because they actually love and respect their men.
Fucking third world countries with shit labor conditions, and women still go the extra mile for their men!
Meanwhile white men in the west slave away to please these spoiled, ungrateful white women cunts, including giving them the most rights and social leeway in the entire world, and in turn they pay us back by spitting in our faces and flooding our countries with shitskins so they can fuck and suck and have their babies until our countries are no longer recognizable.
The problem isnt Jews, or immigrants, or refugees, the problem is and always will be white women.
Women of every other race are very proud and patriotic of their countries, while white women are determined to shit all over theirs.
ITT low income incels w/ liberal arts degrees who look for anything to blame but themselves
feminism will be looked back at as the root cause of the fall of western civilization in chink museums 200 years from now.
Unchecked capitalism is indeed a fucking cancer and pariah on the world.
I dont hate Capitalism, I hate Libertarian retards like you who want to up all checks and balances to give total control to big corporations who seek to keep naive idiots like you broke and beneath their boots.
This is just as much as a nightmare scenario as Communism or Socialism- only at the opposite end of the spectrum.
Capitalism is indeed great, so long as it is kept in check.
2010s>move back in with your parents>no job>no sex>no friends>never leave the basement>watch blockfolio 247>get more autistic each day
) Go back to /pol/.2) Seek out the help you need.Pick one.
That's if you don't get divorced, lose your everything, and pay de bitch dat child support n alimony.Fucking boomers.
you really think sexbot tech will become mainstream?
Well i see myself as an egalitarian and i just do not understand why do you hate  post for his lifestyle.
How is that related with big corporations or society at all?
How does him doesn't want to wagecuck for state or big corporations makes you hate society?
He's not wrong through anon.
It's called REAL LIFE EXPERIENCE.
GO OUTSIDE AND GET SOME YOU NEET.
I don't think he needs help.
I think he understands the situation really well actually.Or did you actually mean to tell him to just stick his head in the sand and hope everything will be ok?
That's a very difficult thing to do once you know the truth about something.
Holy shit did you just call yourself an egalitarian?
Fucking marxist scum.
I swear Ill find you
Ive traveled all over the world, both for work and leisure.
What have you done faggot?
I speak from experience.How about you...1.)
Go back to Plebbit2.)
Leave your mothers basement
hopefully one dayour robotics and replica stuff sucks at the momentand AGI is still 12 years awaygoing to be a long and lonely wait
s>Be gay/trans/ different in some way to your average WASP>Be bullied and ostracized to the point of being institutionalized or committing suicideWow yeah the 1950s sure were great /s
alright the purge is happening now
They seem to be gaining popularity in China, and the news reports are coming out saying China is going to start opening up its markets to foreign speculators and investors.So maybe...>Invest in Chinese sex bot companies>Profit?I think we will definitely see mainstream embracement of sex bots in Asia for sure.
They have no problem going the whole nine yards on shit like this, may take a while for the West to catch on though (just like cryptocurrency as well).
There is difference between wanting everyone have lambos with UBI and wanting everyone work for the public while living in shitty apartments while using public transportation.
Have you ever watched Star Trek?
They had an egalitarian society.
Everyone is blaming this on greedy boomers and globalism and the 1% (americans have a point here but the trend exists in places without much wealth disparity too) but the real reason for this is that>population growth slowing down or even turning negative>elderly population exploding, both in numbers and as a percentage of total populationIt's all in population dynamics.
We're at a point where the western civilization is coming of age and stabilizing instead of growing.
Might as well get a 3D waifu than.In 2010 they can even bully you from a distance.
this sounds really really good, please tell me more about the 50s
I never said I hate him.
Im a fucking degenerate too sometimes, I just not do not want open borders, lower wages and competition in my industry from what is practically Indonesian slaves working for shit pay in what is extremely unsafe and unproductive conditions.
You know, common sense stuff.
I know, wow, what a horrible person I am.
pretty spot on.
Libertarians see the individual as the molecule of society - they're just as cancerous as any of the cultural marxists if not moreso because they're just enablers.
>it's another "the rubes are blaming globalization and the jews for the ongoing technological dissolution of our stone age lifestyle" episode
Why don't you want cheaper wageslaves?Good for your company right?
43249824324829432472443250644325262/pol/ spotted
lmao o ya?
A subservient opinion-less "traditional" wife to divorce after 5 to 10 years.
At least your ugly mixed race children will (maybe) love you.
wtf is this vid?
Get drafted and die in your youth
FOUND THE QUEER, BOYS
The big population we have today as a result of the baby boom of the late 1940's and 1950's is the odd one out here.
Not the other way around.Every country sustained itself and operated on much less people than what we see today, which was nothing more than the result of an odd baby boom that followed World War 2.
Those numbers were never meant to be sustainable and to keep growing, they were simply a circumstance of the time period.
Once Baby Boomers finally die off, we would just revert to the norm that our countries have been operating on for centuries.
But nope, crooked corporations, lobbyists and politicians insist that we keep the overpopulation glut growing via immigration so they can keep meeting their quarterly quotas, which is completely retarded and unrealistic, and not to mention unatural.
https://celebrityrave.com/article/can-t-handle-the-rhythm-embarrassing-moment-a-man-falls-over-when-a-sc/
Alot easier to be a millionaire now than it was back then.>The internet has changed the game.
Now family money and political power have less downward pressure.>Laziness is rampant.>You choose
not sure, but it's kinda hot, wish I had sauce
uh yeah sure it has nothing to do with (((central banks))) devaluing our money it has nothing to do with (((feminism))) telling women that they should work instead of having babiesand surely it has nothing to do with (((multiculturalism))) flooding white countries with shitskins driving real estate prices up and wages down
what does sauce mean in this context?
Oh know, my cucked white male friend.
Thai/Flip women will work and take care of THEIR men (Thai/Flip men), but they will not extend the same courtesy to you (a white male westerner).
To them, you are "rich" and nothing more than a walking ATM machine, meant to be drained of all your hard earned savings and then tossed to the curb so she can use it to pay for her Thai/Flip boyfriends lifestyle that she has been fucking behind your back.
Happens all the time.
Again you thank Boomers who have painted a picture of us into gigantic cucks in even Southeast Asia as well.
No, no, no, I am not saying Thai or Flip women are better for you, I am just pointing out how they are much more loyal to THEIR men versus our women here in the West.
Oh well you can always just become a jew and use the circumstances to your advantage.The goylife sucks anyways, just become a businessguy.
The sauce is maddie the baddie?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e8oL19lW64It means what are the origins.
don't forget the (((climate agreements))) and (((social class fragmentation)))
thanks
Millennial detected.>no easy credit>no overseas holidays>no new furniture, car or television, only second hand crap until mid 30s>no eating out every nightThe boomers may have completely screwed the economy but don't be deceived into thinking their life was easier.
4325295This is exactly why "white men" are so fucked up to begin with.
If you have any idea of what's good for you, you'll never get close to this abomination.>be a white western man 60 years ago>be part of the most powerful group in existence>control all the money>control all household decisions>have the most political influence>in charge of every company>world revolves around me>every business in the western world wants to sell me shit.
if they can get white men to buy a product, they're set for life.
they're millionaires.
they're billionaires.>white men love competition: someone comes up with tv sports.
It's an absolute hit.
They don't have to actually go out anymore, they get 60% of the dopamine hit just sitting at home with a beer in hand and enjoying the show!
They will love it!>white men love violence and feats of manliness: someone comes up with action movies.
They no longer *need* to lead adventurous lives, they can now watch adventurous fantasies with a beer in hand!
Amazing, this will be a hit!>white men love women: playboy mags.
Now they don't have to go out and make a woman fall in love with them to see her naked.
They can take a peek at these STUNNING models for a couple of bucks a week!Cont.
1/2
Supply and demand, retard.
Why do you think so many idiots willing to do any labor are payed so cheap?
When you get hurt enough you don't even care anymore.
Good post.
Maybe I'll save this post.
It's feminization of the Western man.
Why do you think it's illegal to fist-fight in the streets in a lot of places?
They're literally breeding us into sissies.
If you look at larger cities it's happening faster versus in the country.
I think you mean office cucks are getting paid cheaply and undercut by H1-b visa pajeets.
Blue collar workers with skills are the ones who are in high demand.
I dont expect an 18 year old college student to know better though.
Please, don't continue
Kill yourself.
4325844OMG FUCKING FAT AMERICAN POLTARDS INFILTRATING OTHER BOARDS AGAIN.
STAY IN YOUR CONTAINMENT BOARD YOU NUMBNUTS.>LE EBIC REDPILL xD>SAIG HILL xD
/2This has been going on for almost a century now.
It's been so perfectly refined, it's almost impossible to escape the net built to hypnotize men and drain them of their time and money.
Nowadays we have ridiculously addictive videogames, porn, and now sexbots it seems.
They provide everything the male brain craves, while taking almost nothing but time and a couple of bucks in return.
It keeps you at home, not because it's some jewish conspiracy, but because you are historically part of the most coveted group of customers, and capitalism bred the perfect trap for you.
Again, if you have any sanity left, do not ever come close to these sexbots.
Try to distance yourself from porn and vidya.
If you can avoid the cheap alternatives, you are bound to feel driven to achieve whatever gives you that rush in real life.
>If porn is not an option, YOU WILL get laid.
There's literally nothing able to stop you.
You are the most advanced species to ever step foot on this planet.
If it takes 5 years in the gym, if it takes getting a degree, if it takes moving out of mom's basement, your brain will force you to do it.
It needs sex, IT WILL HAVE SEX.>if your life is boring because you no longer play vidia and watch youtube all day, YOU WILL CRAVE something to do.
You'll find a hobby.
You'll play a sport.
You'll do some pushups just so you don't die of boredom.
You'll pick up some old book you found in your basement.
You'll drop by an old friend's house screaming "DUDE LET'S DO SOMETHING FOR THE LOVE OF GOD"You get the idea.
NOW GET OUT THERE AND DO SOMETHING
Is reading an e-book allowed?
cringe
Jesus christ lurk more
t. trust funk kiddie
It's fine.
Stop typing.
this.
/thread.
4326017>this is what /pol/tards actually believe>the person typing this probably never participated in any of the acts of "manliness" he described
s were great.>ok to beat up minorities / treat rhem like the subhuman scum they are>same goes for fags.This day and age is gay (1950s gay)Your extra estrogen is a physical disorder not normality rhat should be flaunted and embraced.
Fuck you
criticise him.
Don't associate me with you, I'm not racist against whites like you are.
I just hate the "FUCK YEAH YOURE THE MOST ADVANCED SPECIES ON THE PLANET MILLIONS YEARS OF EVOLUTION HAVE LEAD TO YOU YOURE AWESOME" meme
What is up with people who can't for a coherent thought USING CAPITALS ALL THE TIME FOR EMPHASIS?It's just bizarre.
No matter how much greentext and capital salad you serve up, there's no there there.
What do you mean?
By my current metrics, I'll be able to fully retire by 35.The key is to maximize initial savings.
Get a useful degree (Science/Engineering) at a cheap college.
Move back with your parents for a few years and invest 80-90% of your income.
Buy a cheap used car.
Avoid women.
Don't rush to buy a house.Eventually you'll own everything you need, have a paid off house and plenty of other diversified investments generating enough income to cover all your expenses, while () owns absolutely nothing and has no worthwhile skills once crypto crashes for good.The 120k debt PhD path is fine too, but you get such a delayed start that it's not worth it in my eyes.
And those that fall off at the masters level just end up taking on tons of debt with no benefit at all.401k is a complete waste of time unless you make 90k+ by the way.
Just put in enough for your company match.
But dude iphones are so cheap now
Wouldn't be an issue if they hadn't ruined it for everyone else and then stand around wondering what the problem is that they caused.
Boomers shall come to know me by my cruelty, and even more by my unending generosity and understanding towards younger generations.
Tick tock.
>factory job that can support 5 people buy a house and two cars No dude just no put a few weeks wages into btc >millionaire by now HUUR THE 50S WAS THE GREATEST OPPORTUNITY IN AMERICA HUUR
Muh Millenials have it so hard wah- The Thread.
Fucking Millenials.
Go change your stinking diapers.
Faggots.
We specialize in investigation sociopathic Elder abuse.
Your IP and physical has been added to our Database.
hi freedom I'm dad
Just bee urself guys.And with that I mean u will always be a fagget lol.
Don't forget the push for women to go to college and become "educated", so they can spend their most reproductive years slaving for some corporation to pay off their college and credit card debts while simultaneously helping to deflate wages.
Most countries know there's a positive correlation between women going to college and declining birth rates (which acts as an impetus for immigration).
There's no way this shit wasn't planned well in advance.
Why should you avoid women?
create a financial crisis for your grandchildren in the processYou forgot that part
He projects his weakness and doormatness onto others as if being a financial cuck and having your life decided for you is an inherent aspect of having a girlfriend.So long as you have strength of character and a resolve to not take any bullshit, and never marry without prenuptial (ideally don't marry), then having a girlfriend is fine.I'm running both me and my girlfriend's crypto speculation.
We both went from 1/20th a house worth each to being able to each individually buy a house.Not cashing out yet though.
The valuation of crypto has barely begun.