>"possessing a 6yos nudes shouldn't be illegal dude"where was you when ETH died?
You're not libertarian if you disagree with this
He literately just said that a personal computer should be a totally private domain.
That's a valid opinion.He didn't defend pedophilia.
No real shocker
Vitalik is admittly "pro-censorship" and not libertarian.
(Except he's fine with CP)
Doesn't this mean new ((money)) for ETH???
Literally 4d chess right now
you never go Full Libertarian
He said he could make the argument that possession of CP doesn't impose risk on others
seriously, whats wrong with CP?
If you dont treat the child like crap while fucking her, she will fall in love with you.
Its human nature> you need some helpLOL, Maybe you guys need help, I cant stand fucking used goods.
Sickos.
That's totally true.
That's creating CP that causes a risk to others.
Possession of CP implies the creation of a market for it from demand
CP is only supplied because people demand it.
Not if you don't pay for it.The simple fact of possessing is not inciting anyone to create more.Paying for it is wrong for sure.
referring to a child as "goods" Well
This.
There were people at the convention who were calling for blind people to be allowed the right to drive a car.
CP has been placed on peoples computers for blackmail purposes.
3 letter agencies do that shit all the time.
calling for blind people to be allowed the right to drive a car.Who the fuck is that retarded?
Not if you don't pay for it.Wrong, illegal content is distributed all the time even when there is no financial incentive.See: fansubbers for anime, video game crack groups, free torrent sites like Nyaatorrents, etcThe distribution (supply) will meet the demand.
If you are obtaining it, you are demanding it.
True
well by possessing CP you are part of creating a demand for it
you already create it by having a dick
Owning cp doesn't hurt anyone.
Selling/buying/creating/spreading cp promotes the industry and can cause harm and is very wrong but simple ownership on a private laptop does not harm.
Damn, the feminists were right the whole time.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
simple ownership of fucking anything doesn't harm, simple ownership is NEVER the fucking problem or the point
Then asking for it should be illegal.You avoid the argument.
Let's say you found a pedo picture in the street, how can you say you incite anyone to produce more?Then you see the issue is not possessing, it's demanding.
ETH is the new XMR, he just need to make it anonymous.I could be used to set smart deep web contract.
hi guys /sci/entist here.
Anyone who does not own CP or is not sexually attracted to jailbait females are confirmed cucks.
>>>/plebbit/
not being attracted to females who have biologically the highest chance of survival.LOL.
Maybe licking chads cum from your roastie wife did some brain damage on you.
Then we are in agreement that simple ownership should not necessarily have a penalty?
It's interesting isn't it, downloading illicit movies destroying industry, downloading illicit CP promoting industry
Video game/musuc piracy is destroying the industry.
no we are not due to implications
JB is ok, but "CP" contains anything.
Just dumped 20 ETH for LTC.In no world should CP be allowed to be possessed.inb4 not violent crime for possession.You're creating a demand for it, which is an incentive for others to engage in violent crimes against not only a human, but a minor at that in order to produce such possession.There are a multitude of examples in regards to this including but not limited to drugs and really can't believe this topic is actually up for discussion.
Good riddance
You just admitted earlier that there are no implications to simple possession.
In the year 2020 Russian child brides will be registered using Civic tokens and you'll buy them from the a decentralized exchange built on 0x.
LINK or some shit will validate the sale.
Crypto was a massive pedo scheme all along.
He needs to step away as the public face of Ethereum.
This is fucking toxic.
As a long time supporter of ETH I am not fucking happy
Im sure most people who share CP dont get paid for it
piracy destroys Xnot at all true.
most people who translate anime (fansubs) don't get paid, they do it for other reasons.
if there was no demand for fansubbed anime, they wouldn't do it.
Are you saying a Somali can't have photos of his wife?!?
He needs to be fucking gone by tomorrow morning and never mentioned again this is bigger than this retard nowThere's a lot of bullshit you can say but talking about fucking cp isn't one of them
Lol crypto cucks will defend anything reprehensible if it stands in the way of their coins value.
>satoshi confirmed for NSA and bitcoin is an elaborate trojan horse>"we knew that all along!
we always supported the NSA!
This means bitcoin is strong!
"At the end of the day you guys dont give a shit about altruism.
You would sell your own mom if it meant a profit you greedy fucks.
% agree
Fuuuuuuuck when did he say this?
Was looking to ETH as a stable currency in context of BTC/BCC.
Lite it is, then
I hope that J- makes an appearance in this thread.
i admitted no such fucking thing, the before and after of the simple possession are the problem, this is why buterin is a fucking autist, simple possession of fucking heroin is probably safer than simple possession of fucking drain cleaner, yet it fucks people up on a far bigger scale.yeah was poking fun at (((their))) point of view
What are those other reasons?
the cases are quite different.
Producing anime subs is largely dependent on the demand, they are produce anime to feel good about helping people (they are autists) or due to the advertising you get on your site/watermarking (i dont watch anime), both of these depend solely on demand.Producing CP isn't that dependent on the demand, CP is produced for reasons such as: the person likes participating in something forbidden, the person wants to exchange it for CP, the person just produces it for themself and share it for no real reason/as a brag, or in very rare cases they are in the .1% inner circle and do actually get paid for it (doesnt need high demand).
ETH will be nothing without him, he reminds people of Bill Gates which entices them into his ponzi scheme.
>tfw nobody gives a shit about this except biz.
And that's just because of /pol/.Stay mad, /pol/.
Should we really expect the market to react to this?
Is there much normie money in ETH?
I love this guy.
He's like someone I'd eat lunch with in high school, but maybe wouldn't hang out with outside of school.
You're not libertarian if you disagree with thischeese pizza violates the non aggression principle.
You know whats fucked up?There are millions of kids getting raped right this instance.
>consume massive quantities of CP>CP miners see increased demand>CP miners generate more CP>i-it's not hurting anyone!this is not a libertarian concept, it's mental gymnastics
Not as fucked as those kids
Clearly, ethical cp needs to be proof of stake, not proof of work.
this is why having kids is hard
Does owning this photo violate the non aggression principle?
CP is abhorrent but there is something Orwellian about criminalizing a jpeg on your computer.What about Jihadi execution videos?
Does looking at guro create the market for that?
Should we lock you away for 10 years for seeing the naughty things ISIS has been up to?
yeah, hard to keep your hands off em
Child-slave-powered McNuke incoming anon
The absolute state of /biz/
 $current_year> Liking CPBut the kids in CP *are* used goods.If you want them fresh you have to kidnap and rape them yourself.
4353390People with vaginas are equally offensive as their counterparts
You're an idealogue if you're supporting cp for the sake of labeling yourself a true libertarian.
Moron.
Its already legal, brainlets.
No, but owning the photo of the naked girl running away from a napalm drop does.
Hahaha, source?
This guy looks like MOOT and Tom Brady had a baby.
>ETH is fine guys o-only SJWs care about CPwait until you can order BTC over the phone with your bank, do you think places like CME group will associate with the currency of an open pedophile?
lmao
Supply and demand asshole.Children are raped and abused to fill that demand
4353739Core getting desperate
tfw nobody gives a shit about this except biz.
And that's just because of /pol/.>Stay mad, /pol/you seem to be retarded for a kike so I'll just assume you're a smelly negro or a liberal faggot and that's why you ended a salty salty no /pol/hater.You see most of the people who "give a shit"just do so so that the price goes down and they can buy in when it is lower,fuck some might even have pulled out on it with the hopes of rebuying later for a profit.t.
/pol/ack
BTC is the de facto currency of pedos, though.
Seriously why would you said this of social media when you're the face of an multi billion dollar project that can lose value as quick as that?
He clearly doesn't give a shit.
Guy's easily a hundred millionaire and I don't think he's even cared about money from the start, so long as he has enough to survive.
Eth has always been a passion project to him.
He couldn't give two shits about his image and how it reflects on Eth.
Good for him, though it may not be good for Eth holders.
wHerE wERe yOu wHeN EtH diEd?
Shut up faggot.
Do you know what the best part about 27 year olds is?
There 20 of them.
And ETH mooning.
It's because if you weak handed fear mongering cucks telling everyone to sell that ETH is showing how resilient it is and strengthening it's money skeleton bones.
Thanks for the gainZ
Probably because it's a real currency unlike your shitcoin
It does not, however making the picture/video violates the non aggression act.
And by asking for such pictures you are actively encouraging of breaking the non aggression act.
As such no libertarian would support this if given some time to think about it.
Technically CP would be pictures under the age of 13.
Since at that point a girl becomes sexually fertile.Whether you agree or not is a different matter, but pedophelea is defined as being attracted to girls before they are sexually mature, before they the are fertile.
The age of this on average is 13.
It is defined as such in the DSM IV and V.
muh ephebophilia
OK I found a fucking found a cd rom while rifling around at the garbage dump, I brought it home and put it in my cd wallet and put that back on the shelf next to the others, I've never viewed the contents but would be considered the owner now.
It could be satoshi private key, lets see if my simple ownership ass rapes the BTC.
I unironically believe this because he’s a commie faggot
Huge fucking difference kid
That's quite an interesting point you make anon.
Thanks food for thought.
Does looking at people breaking traffic rules encourage more people creating videos about breaking traffic rules?I would need to have a study to be sure desu.
He didn't say it shouldn't be illegal.
You are all fucking morons who can't read a 140-character message.You keep mocking pajeets, but you are unable to comprehend a tweet.
Nice job, faggots.
So are you implying it us weird to be attracted to hot 17 year old jailbait?
Or 16 years, 15?
When do we draw the line?The only logical answer would be after the girls go into puberty, and this is done so as such.
I would ephobilia is made up bullshit.
Perhaps epobilia has something going for it but if I am constant in my views it should not.
Probably because it's not anonymous and allows the NSA to create a tracking system for blackmail purposes.
Or did you think it was a coincidence that BTC became a thing just as gov started cracking down on clearnet CP?
having a file on your computer proves you supported its creation
Vitalik is admittly "pro-censorship"He want censor only this<---
Now this is quite an interesting topic for discussion.
On one hand CP is disgusting, but on the other hand banning it is in contradiction with my libertarian principles.
Ultimately, I think the question that should be asked is as follows: Does possession of CP increases net suffering in the universe?
we should kill all the pedophilian!Stay mad pedo (pic related)
well if it isn't why would you possess
banning it is in contradiction with my libertarian principlesYoure fucked in the head dude.
Get your principles straight.
Did you even read the rest of my post you fucking brainlet?
Stop assuming I'm advocating for legalisation, faggot.
Libertarianism is awesome, but there obviously has to be a different approach when we deal with things like this.
Child pornography is wrong.
The less people consume it, the less people make it, the less children have their lives destroyed by this shit.
If you truly think we should have the freedom to do anything, then have a kid and ask yourself how you would feel if they were kidnapped and forced to perform sex acts on camera.
is wrongSumptuary lawsReminder that if two 14 year olds sext each other then they can both be charged with a felony.
a 14 year old isnt a child anon14 year olds were fighting in ww1
VB comes out as a pro-pedo.
His coin pumps hard.
Strong everything /biz.
Strong fuckin everything.
more like dEaTH amirite guise
Again, not sure what exactly are you arguing.IF legal possesion of CP leads to increase in net suffering then it must stay illegal.
It's simple as that.
The question is, does it?
Arguments could be made either way.
If the question can't be answered with sufficient certainty then it must stay illegal.
Seriously this.
If you raise her right, there won't be a need to train her back into being obedient and submissive when she's grown.
It's super simple stuff.
What kind of 6yo even has nudes?
I swear to God, this is some fucked up shit... ho fucking wants to even look at cp... fucking creeps...
I want norms to leave.
Someone give this man some PR lessons before he loses me money
You disgusting neckbeards might agree with him or not but the representative of a multi million dollar business shouldn't touch the subject of cp with a 1000 ft pole.If the media consumed by the normies you want to unload your bags on gets a whiff of this he will be destroyed, whether or not his points are phylosophically valid.Jesus... can you imagine the CEO of Apple starting a twitter discussion on cp?
You god damn autists...
Is this the real reason they're going after him?
It's a new world, grampa.
Make way for pedo-discussing CEOs.
Shits fake as hell and his account was hacked.
The timing of this right when ETH moons tells you everything you need to know.
ETH needs to do a press release explaining his twitter account was hacked.
It's not a real quote, but the sentiment is true
It obviously wasn't though.
fansubbers are the most amazing people ever
Humans in general are as good as goods.It's the law that's preventing ordinary people from doing it, except (((them))) and the (((cross))).
Why no source?
Why do you fags do this?
Also I mean source to the comment.
Please leave your CP out of here as I know about half of you probably have some.
And nothing of value was lost
tfw I'll never have kids for fear of them getting diddledestroyed Feels bad man
millionsI honestly think you're exaggerating a bit.
Maybe hundreds or thousands tops.
You all have weak hands.
And don't appreciate genius.
All of you sound like 10 year old girls.
435321843532554353318> being this incapable of perceiving realityIm not fucking touching it now and I love lolis
Apology for poor englishi was at home eating vodka soup when Vladimir ring'Ether is kill''no''yes'
Wrong
Someone with some common sense and humanity
Most CP is produced for free, it's actually very rare for CP to be made to order or for profit.>Most people who obtain 'CP' don't actually commission any images\videos, they simply stumble upon or search out the content.>This is LITERALLY no different to the many gore websites.
You can actually watch underaged children hanged\burnt to death, but can't view CP.>The reason for this discrepancy is simply that CP is illegal as part of a fake moral narrative flowover from AoC laws, which were literally lobbied for by batshit cray feminists.>It would be easy to prosecute men who COMMISSION child pornography separate to those who view it.>The MSM broadcasting terrorist bombings like 911 are easily contributing to terrorism to a greater degree than a passive consumer of CP is contributing to the abuse of children.Right now I can watch adult men being burnt alive, or a boy being decapitated and this is perfectly legal.
Consider the humiliation and harm suffered by these people.
This exposes the joke that CP laws are.
You're a fucking retard.
It's illegal to watch because it encourages people to abuse children and upload it for freaks like you to watch.
How much of it is people making it through fucked up urges and how much of it is people making it purely for a profit?I know this is /biz/ but surely people here realise that money is not the prime motivator in everything.Take away any monitory incentive and it will still exist.
You are now on an fbi watchlistEnjoy
You're creating a demand for it, which is an incentive for others to engage in violent crimes against not only a human, but a minor at that in order to produce such possession.I'm surprised Vitalik with his insane IQ can't figure this out.If someone wants cp, someone out there will create it.
Otherwise creators will only create it for themselves, limiting it to just the creators.Therefore the very act of having interest for cp is evil, because creators are making more of it to meet your demand.
I thought Vitalik was intelligent, but I'm not so sure anymore.
This is basic stuff.
It's illegal to watch because it encourages people to abuse children and upload it for freaks like you to watch.That may seem like good reasoning to yo, but that isn't why it's illegal.
It's just like many people have a vague sense that 'Age of Consent' laws were established by perhaps a bunch of doctors and scientists getting together and making reasoned arguments as to the development of the human brain and capacity for judgement... when in reality 'Age of Consent' laws throughout the west were mostly established by lobbying by WCTU (Woman's Christian Temperance Union) type groups - basically international feminism.
These were the same women who went around smashing up bars, bombing glass houses, setting fire to churches, pushing for schools to teach the doctrine of "female moral superiority" (this was actually a thing they convinced schools to teach boys and girls in the US), and most famously in the US - Prohibition.
In Victoria, Australia - the major lobbyist for AoC wanted the age to be 21 at one point!
!CP laws were established with as much reason and input... ie practically none.
I certainly don't advocate for the abuse of children, but CP laws are ridiculous, hypocritical, stupid... and they're one of the major things statists use to destroy online and offline digital privacy.
I was sitting on a fat stack of cash, butt naked in joy.
You were still arguing with chad on Facebook from your mom's basement
Call me up tell me ether is die.No.
is your mom's basement for rent by chance?
I'll pay you in ETH
Vitalik is a leftist cuck, I can't fully support ethereum as a project since I have learned this
>Caring about ethicsYou think the engineers at Lockheed Martin give a shit that their products are designed to murder?As long as the money comes rolling in it is all the same
I agree with you there, but I'm talking about actual pedos, the sub-12 year old enthusiasts.
They should be shot.