And now I have $1000 ready to invest in crypto.
If anyone else is in the same position, what are you investing in right now?
Usdt is always a scam and it seems btc is due for a correction.
Wait 1-2 weeks and see what happens ?
Or is institutional money in?
Will it never come down?
I hear murmurings of it being inflated with usdt but that would be a drop in the bucket if (((banks))) are now in on bitcoin
You should just leave if you aren't going all in on LINK.
put it in top 10 cryptos, at least 3 different posts.
DONT invest in some unheard of low-cap shitcoin promising 50x.
Buy NEO, its mostly stable, but might breakout once all this BTC drama is over.
Stake it, and you can get some passive gains.Wait 2 months.
Don't touch it.
In those 2 months, learn everything you can about crypto investing and try and do some simulation trades.
You have to do simulations by yourself and keep records in Excel.
Don't be a pussy.
Record every single call you make.At the end of the two months, evaluate yourself.
If you are way in the green, start investing for real.
If you are in the red, do the simulation again.
If you broke even, do the simulation again.
Remember: In your training period, DO NOT TOUCH YOUR INVESTMENT.
It is going to take at least 1 more week after your deposit before you can even touch your crypto dude
ETH.
Don't buy BTC or BCH until the end of the year.
BCH is deadBTC is just about to take off now.
Everyone is going all in at the end of the year.
Put it in now so you don't miss your shot on the moon
I go to Asian store that takes cash, I also already had a trial period where I was up really high then linked crashed and I gambled it all on dice.
16 cents to 50 and then back again with link
No, play wiith 10% of it, you only learn by doing.
Fuck up, fall for FOMO, FUD and all that jazz.
Its the ONLY way forwards.Not touching it some of it you'll fuck up later rather than sooner..
watch this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7G0OfJUON8apply this to crypto you'll make it.