This crypto Youtuber just gave a savage roast of ChainLink:https://youtu.be/fxD6ceooa0U?t=15m50sI'm bagholding a bit, but I don't know if his claims are legit or not.
Can a more knowledgable LINKie help refute his claims?
Lol posting this hereHe's gonna get destroyed kek
dumb youtube drama is even in the crypto youtubersand they say 4chan is cancer
unironically calls himself an anarchistOpinion discarded.
this question doesnt really belong here but... Can I use ETH to buy LINK on binance?
btc transactions are killin' me
the fact this youtube virgin kids hate chainlink is just a great endorsement
can you buy an ethereum token with ethereumgee I wonder
Binance does have an ETH/LINK pairing but you do realize when you trade on an exchange it's not actually a transaction on the blockchain right?
You deposit to an exchange and then you have the exchanges internal "fake numbers" until you withdraw again.
yes you can, and the transfer only takes about 5-10 minutes instead of 16 hours
Im that dumb I guess, because I don't know if that really means shit for buying
Love this guy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1R7wFK9SwE
I was listening to the competition, a lot of times I was looking at stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any other smart contract, they all seem to be doing exactly the same thing.
So what on earth was new about chainlink?>I was listening to the competition>a lot of times I was looking at stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any other smart contract, they all seem to be doing exactly the same thing.
>stuff like ripple, icon, neo.
Any smart contract>they all seem to be doing exactly the same thingThat is all.
He may be a virgin, but apparently he has hundreds of bitcoins.
So yeah.
The videos are rude but funny, and he gives decent advice.
This little fag had 50 yt subscribers before his chainlink exposed video.
Now he has over 200.
Kid needs a new hobby.
So I have to extract my coins from bittrex and binance or else they might not count?
they all seem to be doing exactly the same thingKKKEEEEEEEEEEKKKK
crypto leafyWHo's this fagglord??
muh pump and dumpdoes this guy have no patience?
is every one in crypto an ADHD dullard who cant hold something for more than a week if it doesn't automatically give them 50% gains?
Did you miss the part about it being overvalued?
Also the pump & dump already happened around Sibos, he alleges.
Open an account on Binance.Deposit your ETH there.If you have BTC buy ETH with them on Buttrex and send the ETH to your Binance account.Buy LANK on Binance with ETH.
He literally has no idea what smart contracts or oracles are yet offers his evaluation of a company in that space.
If you're going to bother to listen to random idiots on the internet, at least try to pick ones that bother to do even the most basic amount of research to draw conclusions from.But even that's a pretty shitty idea compared to just doing your own research.
And if you can't do your own research then don't fucking invest, because absolutely EVERYONE you listen to who CAN do the research has a vested interest in convincing you to buy or sell.
You might get lucky and find a guy who just wants to educate you, but it is impossible to differentiate them from the ones who just want to persuade you to move the price in a direction favorable to them.TL;DR if you don't understand enough about what a token does or how it derives value, don't fucking invest and definitely don't listen to someone telling you to invest or not.
Find something you DO understand instead, and put the time and effort in to fully understand it.
He has solid predictions in previous videos.
I don't think you are giving him fair credit, likely out of bias.
Or just ignore all this shit and buy link.
Why ignore criticism if it's valid though?
That seems like a mistake.
Why buy btc on bittrex and not gdax?
because there's no reason to think about anything if you can just buy link and be a millionaire in a year
Alright tell us the gist on how its overvalued?
You really think these guys don't get paid to shill other's opinions?
Kek, i tried to watch the video but all he does is talk about Bitcoin cash and bash data dash.
Can anyone give me a rundown on why he thinks LINK is overvalued?
I mean he does think LINK does the same thing as ETH, NEO, and Ripple but sure lets hear him out nevertheless.
For what ChainLink is expected to make annually on transactions (this guy estimates 30mm/year based on a large payment processor), the price/earnings ratio is shit for it's current valuation.
He made an entire video discussing LINK.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1R7wFK9SwE
Who the fuck even is this sperg?
He only sucks his own dick on all of his videos.
How can he even be a valid resource for information?
Yep.
Look on the date on that video too, that was a while ago.
It has since fallen much farther, as he predicted.
Sorry this is the main one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFmKlkhoOXY
it's not valid.
this kid thinks neo and chainlink are doing the same thing.
30mm per year30mm per year, and where did he get that number?
You do realize that LINK isnt only for payments?
Its for every smart contract application that requires external data.Literally take all the complex dapps and their promises>Etheroll (Gambling)>Request Network (Payments)>Confido (Shipment)>Factom (Storing of Documents)>SALT (Loans)>Lets not include SWIFT in there ;) to be fair to this youtuber>Just any project that uses smart contracts Add their estimated transactions together and that my friend is the right expectation for LINK transactions.
Give or take a few percent.
wow he predicted the price would fall after it got pumped due to sibos.
what a genius.
it doesnt mean link is a scam.
Lol.
His main argument is Mastercard receives 3 billion in payment fee's.
Link could potentially capture 10% of market, and charge 10% of fee, since its a small transact.
Thus CL will only be worth 30 million.
And he's calling other's deluded lol.
See, you didn't even bother watching the video (which was brief and explained where the 30mm derived from), but you have the energy to mindlessly criticize it?Just watch the video.
4387509438877943889204389068>shilling your own video hereLMFAO how desperate can you get
4389068You fucking gave me a gist on why its overvalued.
You said its because he estimates 30mm/year based on a large payment processor.
I just answered your fucking question you numbskull.
Let me paste my response again.
Whats you're response to this?
Go on how does he BTFO my response?30mm per year30mm per year, and where did he get that number?
You do realize that LINK isnt only for payments?
Its for every smart contract application that requires external data.Literally take all the complex dapps and their promises>Etheroll (Gambling)>Request Network (Payments)>Confido (Shipment)>Factom (Storing of Documents)>SALT (Loans)>Lets not include SWIFT use cases in there ;) to be fair to this youtuber>Just any project that uses smart contracts
*your responseStop ignoring my answer to the fud faggot.
Nah that's not me.
Am I the only person linking his videos on this thread?
Hmm anon?
I see you're still ignoring my reply lmao.
Again, watch the video, it answers this lol
Predictions are great but all that matters is the substance behind them.
The goal in educating yourself isn't to be told what will happen, but to gain the tools and perspectives to make that estimate yourself.
In the case of LINK dumping after SIBOS: if you saw the threads on /biz/ leading up to SIBOS you would see how many delusional fools thought ChainLink had a full-blown partnership with SWIFT and was going to announce a large scale implementation there.
The people who did their research knew that wouldn't happen, but the smart ones sold anyway because they could see how many people bought LINK thinking that was the case.An animal might have a perfect record predicting sporting events by choosing a random bowl to eat from, but you would still be an idiot to place bets based on its future predictions.
In the case of this video all you have to do is listen to what he says to realize how out of his depth he is in this.
He makes no solid points and his calculation of "transaction fees" is hilariously nonsensical and demonstrates further that he has no idea what smart contracts are or what ChainLink does.
His only real argument is that /biz/ is largely a bunch of retarded gamblers, which is 100% true but his insights start and end there.Finally:>likely out of bias.I'm sure you can appreciate the irony in this seeing as we both know who you are.
if you saw the threads on /biz/ leading up to SIBOS you would see how many delusional fools thought ChainLink had a full-blown partnership with SWIFTIsn't this still the case?
BTW thanks for a non-mong reply
watch the videoFuck you lmao.
Why cant you explain it here.
Its as if you want everyone in biz to watch the fucking video instead of answering to my response.
Cant even explain in a few sentences why its overvalued?I already BTFO his estimate of 30mm transactions per year and yet you cant refute what i just said you dumb faggot?
Go on, what is missing?
And his "calculations" are based on one company.
Millions of global companies can use Chainlink.
watch my video
I've given you plenty of explanation already, you would rather criticize the source of the claims than actually examine them.
The price/earnings ratio is terrible for it's expected revenue, hence it is overvalued.
What's not to get about this?
the way you calculate the "price/earnings ratio" is wrong.
Yeah dude, look at his response to my answer He said "watch the fucking video dude" kek when majority of the video is about BCash.
Isn't this still the case?To an extent, yes.
The hype doesn't seem to be in quite the same force as it was pre-SIBOS though, and it seems that most people actually realize that the "working product" claim is not actually completely true.
My personal opinion is that it is still overvalued right now.
They need to actually prove that their consensus method will work: not the mathematical proof in the whitepaper that it's resistant to 1/3rd or less bad actors, but an actual demonstrated proof that the nodes reach consensus and are rewarded correctly.
None of the actual tech besides the oracles themselves are in place yet which is why LINK is still a gamble right now, and why they can't "officially" have any partnership since the functioning product of "decentralized oracles" isn't yet available to even test, let alone use.
I also gave you a rational response  why that estimate is wrong, which you completely ignored twice.
Your only response is "watch the video" really?
In your opinion, what should ChainLink's valuation be?
Damn I believe the fucker.
Chainlink is dying.
And it's the fault of that fucker Sergey.
Someone please find that piece of shit and teach him a lesson for stealing our money
fuck you op i thought data dash was condemning muh links.
why the fuck should i believe this no name faggot when link hasnt even been out for 3 months?
also anyone unironically considering themself an anarchist probably wouldn't even survive anarchy
Its hard to make a proper valuation for any crypto investment.
Take a look at BTC, ETH, NEO or OMG.
How can you defend their current valuations?
What makes ETH worth $300 or BTC worth $7000?The best way is to compare a crypto investment's valuation to other crypto investments.
Using that criteria I'm confident that LINK should definitely be in the Top 20 in other words valued much higher than it is now.Also, you ignored my response to his estimate of 30mm transactions... again.
How can something die that was never alive?
The coin has zero function right now so of course its going to be worth nothing.
Do people actually buy LINK hoping for short term gains?
Why?
There's been so much shilling I figured people understood that this was a long term game.
It fucking puzzles me how people are getting pissed about stagnant price action when the coin literally DOES NOTHING right now.
No shit its currently worthless.
It won't be in the future, but right now this is entirely a hoarding phase for LINK holders.
Anyone planning on making gains in the short term is wasting their time.
Chase moon missions closer to the present.
LINK is the future.
SALT is going to dominate and crush the market link is trying to edge into.
Link tries too hard to be everything when loans are the only real thing that matter.
Little nicky.
Kek
Don't give this faggot views.
This guy just spends his time bashing everyone and everything.
salt is a scam and has nothing to do with link's use case.
kysit does nothing?
wow.
sounds like 99% of coins
 SALT is going to dominate and crush the market LINK is trying to edge into>?????
?Are you retarded.
SALT is for loans.
SALT might even use LINK in the future once LINK is fully operational.
How can something die that was never alive?Did it not pump to 5-7x ICO price already?Is smartcontracts.com not up and running?
You're fucking ignoring my responses to your FUD again faggot LMAO.
smartcontract.com*
While you're correct that fucker Sergey and the second dude do nothing to give updates about progress.
The one interaction that piece of shit gave was to essentially say we don't have shit done.
And it's been 3 years.
Go on and defend that fag, he should be taught a lesson about how not to steal money then offer nothing simple in return.
It's common decency
Are you retarded.Its not outside the realm of possibility, desu.
Explain what link is then.
I only paid it a passing glance a few days ago.
then don't make retarded posts about link if you know nothing about what it does.
or did you just barge in here to shill salt
Dude why are you so needy, I have been replying to others in the thread to the point that people think I'm this guy or i'm shilling for him.
I said the 30mm number came from that being 1/100 of Mastercard's fee traffic, which I agree isn't great but is a ballpark.
You can't give a value either, instead you decided to get philosophical when I asked you what a fair eval is.
So fucka you.
EXPLAIN IT MOTHERFUCKER.
The one interaction that piece of shit gave was to essentially say we don't have shit done.no it is not.
kys
Its not outside the realm of possibility, desu.Are you really saying LINK and SALT are competitors?
Kek @ this thread.
Go ask the countless LINK threads what it does.
This is about whether LINK is overvalued.
How is SALT a scam?
I said the 30mm number came from that being 1/100 of Mastercard's fee traffic, which I agree isn't great but is a ballpark.Ballpark of what?
one use case out of countless use cases for LINK?
You can't give a value either, instead you decided to get philosophical when I asked you what a fair eval is.I gave an explanation that LINK is definitely worth more than the other coins in the top 20.
Are you dumb why are you even in crypto in the first place?
Nothing in crypto can be given an exact evaluation.
Go on explain why ETH should be valued at $300 or BTC at $7000 or NEO at $29?
You cant.
The best way is to compare with the current valuations of existing projects.
Whats philosophical about that answer?Brainlet BTFO.
This youtuber shares my exact sentiments, I'm actually amazed to know I'm not completely surrounded by retards
could say the same thing about 99% of the other coins which are worth more than chainlink right now.
kek
Fugggg.
This is a critical component to blockchain infrastructure.
I can see it hitting 2.50 (max) at the current 200billion overall market cap, but not much farther then that.
Its definitely breaking a dollar in the near future.
They're 2 dudes.
They don't have shit done except a few PowerPoint presentation.
They raised 30 million for a PowerPoint.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO MY LINK IS GOOOOOOOOONEEEEEEEEEEE
>call the ath>say it's gonna tank hardcore % right >all these delusional bag holders hoping for muh $5 by November faggots IRREVOCABLY BLOWN THE FUCK OUT
>LINKIES need a video to explain to them that their token is overvaluedFucking kek.
You give a hundred thousand penguins linkies, and you think they're all gonna get rich?
LINKIES are so delusional they're like a cult.
Yes, I'm the brainlet here...Carry on LINK mong.
You can't articulate your views on why you think ChainLink is worth more- the only thing you're capable of doing is shitting on other opinions without justification.
hurr durr.
keep saying bullshit
Not only this, the beloved CEO has a fucking Philosophy degree, lmao.
Not joking.
"you did not sell?
obvious pump and dump idiot.
""lol you sold?
hahaha we told you!
"people would have shit on him any way
KEK you cant even respond to my responses to your arguments.
All you do is ignore me and tell me to watch the fucking video or call me a LINK mong.
And you're wondering why people think you're the uploader?4389304
LINK is literally all just smoke and mirrorsIt's kinda like OMG, only OMG at least has their retarded chink CEO posting fake pictures in front of Embassy's and McDonald's headquarters.
LINK just has a dude saying things will be great if you buy his coins.
pathetic FUD.
you brainlets just don't understand that chainlink is literally, LITERALLY going to usher the entire human race into the next level of technological evolution.
Thank you for consistent Rationality.
Appreciated.
muh college degree>ignored the fact that he literally did a PoC with Swift and several major financial institutions>ignored Steve who is also part of the team>ignored the advisors Evan Cheng and Ari Juels
OMG and ChainLink both technically work with McDonalds if you think about it.One is business to business, the other is business to consumer =)
This.
Only crypto to have genuine interest, almost genuine consideration of lets get busy sweetpeak from HUGE institutional players.
Smoke and mirrors.
LOL, some people will never make it.
Wait a sec I think this dude is in /biz/
OMG and ChainLink both technically work with McDonalds if you think about it.>One is business to business, the other is business to consumer =)Yeah im out of this pathetic thread.
If you fags cant see that this guy is either a brainlet or purposely fudding after all the arguments he ignored then you're literally hopeless.43893044389631
He mentions biz a lot in videos, so yeah... but it's not me.
43889964388996
good GTFO, you've already made a fool of yourself so just go.
I'm sure i'll see you again on a future LINK shill post.
WHOOOOAOAAAAAAA LINK DUMPING AFTER BEING SHILLED 3+ POSTS ON /BIZ/WHOAAAA DUDE WHOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANOOOOOOOOOOOOO WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYI AM SURPRISE SO SURPRISE ANON!!!!!
Silly to compare to mastercard.
Smartcontracts are paying for data.
Not transaction fee bro.
You are retarded.
Payments are for data.
Completely different but you are retarded so whatevs.
How much data do smartcontracts need?
Can u tell me?
$30m?
Lol u retard.
How much will smartcontracts save companies?
Do you know?
Retard.
Get outta here
In your opinion, what's a fair valuation?
are you the shit talking youtuber?if so, you have a tenuous grasp on crypto bromigo
How much money are smartcontracts saving?
Can u figure that out yourself?
Hey can you go back to you're discord channel, reddit or bitcoin talk whatever please.
Tell me you stupid fuck.
What cryptos do you hold?
Bitcoin, ETH?
What makes Bitcoin worth $7000 and what makes ETH worth $300 you dumb mother fucker.There is no way to give any crypto investment a fair valuation.
You can only fucking compare them to other crypto investments you dumb mother fucker.
Hes literally retarded
LOL why is this mong back?
Dude I thought you were leaving.
>rent free in this thread
this guy is dumb as fuck, link is literally the next generation of crypto and is going to lead the wayi went ALL in on link because i am not a retardjust wait you nolinkers you will regret everythingliterally any price that has been paid thus far for LINK is good.
the returns are going to MASSIVE
I would say below millions in revenue currently, would you agree that's fair?
I would say below millions in revenue currently, would you agree that's fair?Somebody give this faggot Capgemini's estimate.
Lmao.
I was saying millions in revenue for transactions fees
LINK will be x10000 Q2 2018screen cap this
3+ POSTSYou're off by a few orders of magnitude there, but yeah that's the idea.
It's not so much that it was shilled but what the investors believed: you had a lot of hype drummed up over nothing.
People sold the "news" even though there was no "news" to sell in the first place, because enough tokenholders thought there would be news that the selloff happened all the same anyway.
CAULIFLOWER MAN AKA CRYPTO ANARCHIST IS THE BEST FUCKING CRYPTO ACCOUNT BAR NONE
Asked "How much money are smartcontracts saving?
">Brainlet responds "I would say below millions in revenue currently, would you agree that's fair?
">Capgemini says " Based on the US mortgage market case, smart contracts couldpotentially save between $3 billion and $11 billion in the new mortgage origination process across theUS and EU"Thats just one use case of smart contracts faggot.
Dont tell me you believe a youtuber more than a multibillion IT consulting company?
They even mention Sergey in the paper.
Literally BTFO.https://www.capgemini.com/consulting-de/wp-content/uploads/sites/32/2017/08/smart_contracts_paper_long_0.pdfhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capgemini
How many times do we need to tell you this had nothing to do with transaction fees.
last time i tell u.
Data.
If u say transaction fee one more time im gonna hunt u down.
And how many companies, dapps, etc are going to want to use smartcontracts?
Less than millions... u r a joke
literally fucking no one will use this shitstop trying to get us to buy your bags.
we're not going to.
Yeah because you fags prefer this youtuber over multibillion dollar IT companies  Kek fucking brainlets.
I just literallly wrecked your buddy with Capgemini's research you faggot.
We dont want u to buy it.
Just shut up thats all
the amount of delusion in this thread is staggering.
you guys really must have lost a lot of money
Man, you're just pathetic.
You can't get off this thread, but why?
>implying 3-11 billion saved across two countries and an entire industry equals uncontested profits to ChainLink>b-but they quoted prophet Sergey
Like other bizfags that actually researched this shit, i bought near ICO price stupid fuck.
Cant even respond to this you fucking brainlet?
You just literally got BTFO>anon asks "How much money are smartcontracts saving?
">you say "below millions in revenue currently, would you agree that's fair?
">capgemini says "Based on the US mortgage market case, smart contracts could potentially save between $3 billion and $11 billion in the new mortgage origination process across the US and EU" for one of smart conctract's use case.Also i forgot to add Capgemini also said>"The UK motor insurance industry processed 3.7 million claims and spent $13.3 billion in claim costs and expenses (see Figure 6)31.
We calculate that approximately $1.67 billion, or 12.5% of the total costs, could be saved by adopting smart contracts.
"You're literally a fucking brainlet.
You have to admit i just wrecked you hard though.
hurr durr you got BTFO>I win mommy
kek
Can you fucking brainlet niggerfaggots stop treating coins like fucking sports teams.
Whether or not you think LINK is worth 30 million or 30 billion have you FUD cunts ever considered that it would be really good for crypto if it actually achieves what it intends to?
You're the same type of scum that hopes the country burns to the ground cause their political candidate didn't win.
Yes LINK shilling is annoying.
Yes LINK fudding is annoying.
Maybe you should focus on reasonable discussion instead of acting like apes.
You're objectively fucking moronic and have made 0 substantive arguments.
It's no surprise you like the autistic youtube boy because he is cut from the same shit smeared cloth as you are.
The grand joke of it all is that you'll all be nowhere to be found if LINK actually takes off.
You'll fade into the shadows like true virginal cowards.
But thankfully your golden idol who literally calls himself a vegetable will remain as a beacon of ridicule.
Cheers cunt.
The grand joke of it all is that you'll all be nowhere to be found if LINK actually takes off.
You'll fade into the shadows like true virginal cowards.>You'll see g-guys... >One day Link will be worth 10 trillion and we'll all be rich>Then we'll be the one will be laughing at us>Mommy will love me instead of my stupid step dad>They'll see...
OP getting literally assraped in this thread LMFAO
LINK is currently about 40mil over valued.
I only have an MBA from Harvard and a PHD in economics so what do I know.
Why am I even on 4chan?
We are doing a study on the correlation of overvaluing metrics to social medias.
posts by OPHe really wants people to click on his video huh.
Also,>reminder that disliking a video counts the same as liking it to Youtube
missing the point>being unfunny>projecting
Omise is partnered with mcdonalds And they had talks with the Thai central bank, with money skeleton, inside the building Idk what point you're trying to make but if you wanna compare link to something compare it to Dgb not a company that handles billions
makes autistic videos about LINK>posts over 30 times in a thread fudding LINK and introducing said autistic videosLel, sure it isn't.
fud LINK all you want I'm just going to buy more :)
This.
I actually enjoy some of the fudding because it irons out the kinks in understanding how big LINK could be.
hahahahah this guy invests in crypto and he still bothers to make youtube videos to gain them adbux, like how poor can you be lmao.
youre even wasting time fudding like a retard in here.
holy fucking shit.
oh my god dont tell me YOU ACTUALLY BELIEVE THE SHIT YOURE SAYING?
Man how do I get these tokens on my nano ledger S ive been trying for agesI got firmware 1.3.1, i click connect to ledger wallet on the MEW send ether and tokens page and nothing happensPlease help ive been trying instructions from different sources that all say the same thing but it's just not working.
Do I need some ETH to get it started?
The price/earnings ratio is terrible for it's expected revenueWhat the fuck.
Barring that there is no PE ratio to apply to the this token.
He estimates 30MM value captured quarterly, as he calculated it from MasterCard's quarterly revenue / 100.
That gives insanely fucking undervalued PE.
As the other anon said, you're both so out of your depths you don't even know it.
64 millions of marketcap>nothing to show for itOf course it's overvalued, the place of Chainlink should be at 20-30 millions at best.
A lot of dudes make videos just because they enjoy it and want to share their thoughts with other people.Not eveyone is ian balina
which as i said, makes it worse.
HE ACTUALLY BELIEVES THE SHIT HE'S SAYING LMAO
As if i'm selling, faggot.
Buy your own shit.
You ain't getting mine.
Now ima fuck your wife in my lambo while you wagecuck and lose money on shitcoins.
nothing to show for it>Chainlink should be at 20-30 millionssince when is nothing considered to be worth 20-30 millions my educated internet friend?
billion coins million in circulation million owned by developer ready to dump>raised over 100 million dollars for "development", has no developers>no blockchain>no company>github has 1 pajeet who stopped sending commits in June>fake SWIFT "partnership">ceo has philosophy degree
enjoys itHe sounds genuinely frustrated and upset.
Do you honestly think a whinge-rant for 30 minutes about someone who is more successful in probably every conceivable metric is a sign of a happy personal disposition?
The dude is pitiful.
His only successful videos are him sniveling about how everyone else is wrong about a coin peppered with self aggrandisation.
It's a textbook example of how to communicate ineffectively whilst being extremely unlikable.
I think he's hilarious, like the Andrew Dice Clay of crytpo vids.
Technically you don't officially "own" the acctual coins unless you hold them in a wallet with a private key.
But ultimately if you're day trading you're gonna have to trust the exchange won't disappear.4388824Binance has BTC/LINK and ETH/LINK pairs, so just do whatever is simplest the get your BTC or ETH to Binance (ETH is faster/lower fees).
Wow, this guy is the epitome of dunning kruger.
110IQ "analyst".
He's a pretty funny brainlet though.
His arguments are almost all completely trash about.... anything.
I can literally tell just by hovering over "embed" and seeing that little preview/thumbnail that I can safely never ever have to ever give whoever the fuck this is's opinion any thought longer than this post
still comfy
thisI often come out of these threads knowing more about LINK than i did previously, always bullish