Get the hell out of bitcoin.
In this day and age dominated by millennial social justice warriors it will never gain mass adoption.
The amount of energy being used up by bitcoin alone will bring about the end of days.
Bitcoin Cash is the one true king, switch now or stay poor you fools.
You have been warned.
kek
To be honest this idea is actually pretty good, also solves most of the problems current crypto has.
I'd be down for an eco-friendly crypto solution.
Not wasting a fuckton of electricity for digital money to even function is a good selling point
Well it's about time an eco-friendly alternative emerge.
Before you call me an sjw, free competition is the core of capitalism, so let the markets decide if it's worth it.
But I see potential.
bitcoin is a memed dinosaur shitcoin.
Its called proof of stake
that ecofriendly solution exists already!its called POS you fucktards
Its called proof of stakeI sure do love people with all the money getting even more of the money
How do I short this
Very interested
Bitcoin Cash is no different energy wiseIts a shit coin
Cohen
>chiajust fucking call it china alreadywe all know crypto is a scam created by the chinks
ch-ch-ch-chia the shitcoin that grows
have money>stake>get moneyor>have money>buy mining equipment>get money
Make chinks in mining facilities verify transactions with power from stationary bikes, why don't you?
Fucking c*mmunists.
power from stationary bikesI remember reading an article that had conclusive evidence that the batteries on those bikes break from overuse before they produce enough electricity to cover the manufacturing of the battery.
That's before you factor in paying a chink to pedal.
So sjw will push gridcoin?
point noted
Welcome to capitalism.
Money buys money.
>Bram (((Cohen)))A Dutch Jew?
4302591http://www.lowtechmagazine.com/2011/05/bike-powered-electricity-generators.html
Who want's this chia shit when we got IOTA?
It's almost like everyone with half a brain knows that bitcoin is a bad crypto currency and we will switch to something else eventually (flippening)
The difference is PoW actually works and PoS is a meme.
Because the IOTA foundation can take your balance into custody, hence the reason why there are several users complaining about 0 balances and the reclaim tool.
There's literally nothing wrong with PoS.