Exit NEO now.
It's going to go sideways until the "big news" drop and it turns out to be nothing this shit will drop back down to sub 4k.
If you're in the green you should probably sell RIGHT NOW.
suck my dick
Listen to me, man.
This will drop like a rock as soon as the news come out.
You ever heard of the phrase "buy the rumor sell the news"?
This is your last warning.
Nice try pajeet.
Go back shitting on your strests
>the news is that the Chinese police raided NEO HQ >Hongfei and devs are branded enemies of the Chinese state and imprisoned for life
YEAH RIGHT RETARD, AND FOMO BUY BACK WHEN IT MOONS TO $200?
STAY POOR FAGGOT IM HOLDING MY NEO TILL ITS $2000 Q1 2020
This is what I get for looking out for my /biz/bros?...
Yeah except if the rumour actually proves true.
Chinese govt backing is not just news.........it's THE news........so much so it could actually push the price even further.
this is true i speak malandrin
I agree.
NEO usually never pumps higher than 30% at a time and that is with good news, then slowly dips back down over the next few days to where it was before.
And these people expect it to continue going up because a white bald man gave them a slip of paper with chinese runes they can't even read?
Who remembers the antshares growth in the runup to their conference?
This is the same thing.
Pumped before then dropped.
If you want to go long NEO's a good bet tho
Please guys just sell your NEO.
Don't make me beg again.
I just moved 70% of my portfolio into NEO if it Moons to 300 I'll give someone on biz some of my profits
and what do you think are the chances of that happening?Is it worth risking your precious NEO on such an unlikely outcome?I've sold at $37> I'll have no empathy for pink wojaks
I would move 70% of my portfolio into NEO but I fucking can't because bittrex is a pile of shit.
remember when they said the same about the rebranding from Antshares to NEO?
Yeah, my friends where laughing about me buying small ants for 5$.
they are not laughing anymore...nor my friends.
people on this board claim to be good and investing and yet seem to surprise me everyday by demonstrating they have no concept of economic game theory nor seem to be able to apply basic probability into risk/reward.
NEO never pumps over 30%ANT went from 1 dollar to 2 in a week, then 2 to 9 in another lol.The NEO went from 15 to 50.
That is all arbitrary, sure, but don’t pretend like it’s impossible with all these FOMO tardlest that haven’t been buying sub 30.
Exactly.
You gotta take profits where you can.
Just imagine your losses if it goes down harder than before.
It's better to not gain more than you can than to take a huge loss.
And one more thing.
Look at the catalog, see anything out of the ordinary?
Yeah, 10+ fucking NEO threads.
That's a good sell signal.
hey its me ur brother
>white bald man tweets "announcing something in 3 days" in Chinese characters you dumb foreigners can't even read>OMG OMG OMG CHINA IS UNBANNING ICO OMG OMG OMG BUY BUY BUY MOON MISSION NOW $300 BY TOMORROWI cashed out at 30% gains so whatever.
Enjoy your bags.
just want to let everyone know that if this breaks 500k we'll get a call from elon musk asking about rocket propulsion
Why not just set a reasonable trailing stop loss instead of cashing out right now?
500K SATS ON BITFINEX SOON AHAHAHAHAHA OP FUCKING RETARD STAY POOR
GO NEO GO GO GO
how can i do this on bittrex?
DAMN YOU BITTREX
rsi overbought macd off the charts ill be at the dip right before it hits 40.
0.618 is my order
Do you guys see NEO on bittrex?
Use bitfinex.
Bittrex is stupid use https://www.kucoin.com
Doubletop.
OP is right.
Screenshot this.
China will legalize ICOs but only ones built on NEO.
They will announce this on Monday.
what is going on with NEO on bittrex
NICE CALL U FUCKING DIPSHIT ITS MOONING OUT OF THIS GALAXY
>just liquidated half of my coins to buy more neo>Market Offline - Routine Maintenance mfw
The news isn't out yet.
I said when the news is out it'll drop back to sub 4k.
It's just going to swing between 4500 and 5000 for 3 days.
this is literally the most retarded statement I've had the displeasure of reading all dayjesus h christ
Okay, don't listen to me and see what happens to your gains.
What part and why?
Genuinely curious as to why.
Lol at these fags FOMOing right before the red
buy in>price keeps rocketing upHOLY FUCK THAT WAS CLOSE
haha trynna get that cheap neo I see wont happen buddy had your chance at the china fud times when neo was 15 dollas
Nope, I sold my NEO a long time ago around 0.01.
I'm just trying to help out my bros here.
It just makes me sad whenever I see new bagholders and pink wojaks.
hah, if these rumours are correct, then NEO is about at least $ 300 coin
hah, if these rumours are correct, then NEO is about at least $ 300 coinrumors based on nothing.
this shit is going to drop hard as fuck
Yeah the 'big news' will be that it's getting onto EtherDelta or some shit.
it there is these big news, for example ICOs allowed NEO in China, then former ATH was nothing, then NEO shoot up very quick over 100 dollar
A non ether coin is going on ED.
Wow.
You definitely aren't a retard :^)
ah yes the reverse-reverse psycologyIt will actually drop, but OP is saying it will drop in hopes you think he is fudding
welp it brokesee you guys in saturn, bring yer helmets
https://neonexchange.org/Coincidence?LRC has been talked about as part of NEX and the NEO councilDYOR
if the news is theyre getting new core member, itll be 20
The only reason i sold NEO was because it stayed in a 28$ range for 2 months.
Now a company that never shills themselves suddenly describes this news which they are about to release as something that uses your 3 lifetime’s of luck, this just screams moon mission x9000.Look at the ICO’s done on neo’s platform for next month, every single damn one of them has some kind of deep relationship with the chinese government and state owned companies.You guys will fucking hate yourselves, if NEO is made to be the only government compliant platform for CHINESE ico’s on monday
I remember the time I was buying and selling monero at 50$ for daysThen the fucker took off and reached x3Won't be making that same mistake again with neo
I am fucking done with Bittrex, can't cancel my order says it's not open, can't place a new one says insufficient funds.
Fucking piece of shit of exchange holy fuck.
Likelihood is that it's overbought for over-estimated news..IF and only IF the news comes out in the next few days that china is backing NEO, then of course I will be buying.
I'll be one of the first to put up a buy order post news.
(I'll also buy most decent coins that have any fundamental basis in china).Right now though with the uncertainty and likeliness that the news won't effect cryptocurrency affairs in china I won't keep holding.
i may or may not have insider info that neo will be allowed as the only token to use in icos, once china legalize icos again.
if u had this info and already bought neo where would u set the sell price?
im going to be away on vacation, should i set my sell order to 95$ assuming this info might be real what price would u guys buy high?
95$?
200$?
300$?
I'M TRYING SO FUCKING HARD NOT TO FOMO PLEASE HELP ME BIZ
Stay poor and buy high faggot
DO NOT BUY THAT GREEN CANDLE STICK!
!this is nothing but unconfirmed HYPEdon't be a fooooooooooldon't get dumped on

It'll be low compared to the gains that will ensue in the next few months if the rumour is true.
If not I've profited anyway.
Is it a recent issue ?
Cause I haven't had any problems for months
Don't do it
this is giving that moon mission to 0.0135 vibe all over again.
Im strapped in boys
yeah this is definitely going to dump hard on anyone that doesn't have a safety cushionDO NOT FUCKING FOMOTHERE IS A LOT OF LIES BEING SPREADLIKE NEO MINING KEKE!!!!!!
I smell the salty biz bros who don't want to let go of their BTC and jump on the NEO train, my prediction NEO at 150 by Monday, cap this.
Should I pull out and wait for the drop?
It's dumping right now.Bittrex is getting locked up with traffic, and Bitfinex is running smooth and starting to dip hard.Save your gains and get out while you still can.Buy low after the correction.
once it's over $40 it'll never drop below that again.
When it moons it's going to seriously MOON, so the small gains you feel you are missing out on right now won't matter compared to the gains you can sustain once the rumors are dispelled and factual news is learned.
Don't FOMO, because this will for sure dip over the weekend.
well, it's over 40
I'M GETTING JUSTED SO HARD BY BITTREX RIGHT NOW FUCK I NEED TO SELL RIGHT NOW AND IM FUCKING STUCK WITH MY SELL ORDER AT 585K SATSFUCK YOU BITTREX FUCK YOOOOOU
its over 40
It hit 50 in August
I have the same issue, what the fuck.
can't cancel my order
That's not how malandrines works
oh sure go fuck yourself
i can't wait watching them panic sell in a few minutes
I'm up $500 on NEO since I first bought in earlier finally got in early on one of these moon missions!
ITS OVER $40 ALREADY ON BITTREX FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE IS IT GOING TO $200 THIS WEEKEND ALREADY?
a few minutes?
This is going to happen for the next 3 days until Monday - buy now before it breaks 100, you can 2x at least possibly 3x if it hits 120+
SAME HERE TY BIZ FINALLY I DID NOT FUCK UP IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW UP 5k
It went higher before
What will happen to ETH if it turns out that China will only allow NEO ICOs?Fucking assholes..
friendly reminder to always do the opposite of what the broke autists of /biz/ tell you to do.
I'm up confy 15k euro
Taking my profits and I'll buy back in later.
Taking my 60% profits and running.
I'm think we going past it's previous ATH it was around 70, I think we pass that tonight.
Tomorrow night will be $100+ cap this.
does that mean i should do the opposite of what you say and do what they say
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH its falllinga reminder not to FOMO
People are taking profits
this is another fucking manipulation perpetrated by fucking koreans/chinesethey make shit up on the go
check again
AAHAHAHANo.
It's not.
Fudding faggot.
Yes, never happened to me before.All good though, don't know if it was coincidence but opened a ticket and was solved instantly.Actually glad it happened now because got more gains out of it kek wew
check the order book
this is only early day 1i predict that NEO is going to ATH levels, above 0.01 it would be stupid selling, because if this news are big, NEO shoot up straight over 100 $
what i'm trying to say!!!!!
if you haven't bought in DO NOT FUCKING FOMOand if you have, don't be greedy, lock in your gains and buy back when it consolidates
Someone missed the moon mission and is desperate to see it come back to earth.
Too late.
kys dumbass.
its crashing now, sell
Oh Vitalik.
consolidation phase, profit taking, NEO is going to go up soon over 600 k
not yet.
buy back sub 45
4419543people cashing out profits, esp those who bought at 450k.
hold tight faggot, you'll fomo soon enough
remember, NEO going up over 0.01 whoitliterally no news thennow there is positive news coming, it would be rational, that NEO going now to 1 million sats
"the news" will be out in 3 days, so expect a massive pump leading upto the announcement and it is anybodies guess what happens after depending on the news.
whats your buy order at stupid cuckold
I sold at 505k sats.
Hoping it drops from here
We are about 30 minutes from China getting on forums / exchanges and pushing their pump, you should be holding it with Iron Fists, put it in cold storage until Sunday morning at least.
Actually looking like OP called it right.
At least short term.
This morning i had 30 NEO.
Now i've got 17.
Kill me please.
Worst trader ever.
Don't worry, happens to us all at some point.
Thanks OP
Also i've bought this shit on 40, because i can't sleep.
what are you talking about?
we're still bulish tonight
Going up again
there is strong possibility that NEO is going new ATH levels this weekend, well above 1 million satoshimaybe today over 900 k, i wouldt be suprised if NEO going today new ATH levelsthis is some serious shit, if this news are true, then $ 300 NEO is moderate prediction
$300retard alert
IF CHINA NEWS IS TRUE THIS IS PROBABLY CORRECT
hahahahahahahahahhahaah
and if not?????
my opinion is that NEO is much more professional than EthereumNEO smart economy backed by China, this is some serious and big business, and then $ 300 NEO is moderate prediction
abort!
I did 3 panic sell today.
I'm over.
I was a neo holder and got 3% rewarding on this pump.
I'll do suicide, it was last disagreement of my life.
Bye all/
If not $100 end of this month is probably more realistic.
Expect the BCH all over again with Salty NEO's trying to sell off at 100, after they bought in at 200
If china news is right I see it going to $200.
If not it wont go that high but hopefully the news is good enough for it to stay without a correction.
Even if you don't believe in the news you can buy now and collect gains for three days and sell last minute.
You're kinda dumb if you don't.
NEO has been accumulated.
China is about to wake up.
Get ready for the NEXT WAKE UP!!!
When will the news be confirmed or not?Sunday right?So aren't we safe until then?
lol if you had bought 1 NEO for every /biz/ thread made shilling this coin over the course of its life you'd be a millionaire right now
yes.
Neo will rise until then.
I've held since $15, I just don't want to get my hopes up
this entire fiasco bears the hallmarks of a standard P&Dyou'll be wise to notice the crazy bids (like 20 or 30 BTCs at a time) so enjoy the dumpif you got in earlier today, congratulations on your gains, if not be very careful
At what time is Open Source Conference happening?
please don't buy close to the 24hr higheven BCH settled very low after it's first day of pumping.23btc to .135btcand on the second day it reached .4
BCH was a pump and dump.
Their is a possibility of this going much higher since there's still three days.
How do you know this isn't a PnD scheme?It's pumping right now thanks to "rumors"
I think OP is right and that NEO is gonna crash hard after the news is released, or even before then if rumors spread that it wasn't such big news.and regardless, you shouldn't be supporting this centralized china coin anyway, it goes against what crypto is all about.don't be greedy, get out now and thank me later.
That's what I thought about BCC, then I missed the easiest money train of my crypto career when I got out with like 10% profit
I wish it was a fucking pump and dump, except it didn't fucking dump below $880.I would have soooooooooo fucking many.
BCH is fucking 3 months old LOL, it surpassed ETHEREUM to get #2.If you visit r/btc you will see sooooo many people posting and shilling it up, so many active projects involved in making it better.I wish I had gotten into BCH earlier, I have lost so much money thinking it was a PND, 7 BCH because I sold my BCH stack which was a lot, at $900 and when I got back in it was $970, this was yesterday, and I ended up losing 7 BCH in the process.but now I am very optimistic about BCHThis is a long term hold for anyone.
I have regret, but at the same time I learned my lesson.
It's just a Big PND from this group, check it outhttps://discord.gg/4Rbzbz6
Lol
This is Vizard's group and it's a fucking joke, the poster wants you to join off his link so he gets a higher status in Vizard's group, it's a fucking pyramid scheme, don't click it.
Trying to figure out if I should enter NEO sometime today and ride out until sunday..
HE'S WAKING
Ahhhhhh!
It's crashing!
Sell sellsell!!!11!
pls stop crashing
I think the odds of breaking 600k tomorrow are like 80% dude.
I did the same thing, but I still agree with the decisions I made real time.
In hindsight, of course, we could've made more, but our disciplined thinking will certainly pay itself off with our proclivity towards loss aversion.
I couldn't believe people kept buying into BCC after a 30% price increase.
Same with NEO.
Give it 5 days after this news is sold off and it's gonna dip HARD.
That's when I'll consider re entry.
you're re-enter after it flatlines and the bull trend ends?
are you an investor or a trader lol?
Yep, I'll wait for everyone to cash out after this pump because I think NEO's got another few runs in it, at least.
It's got a lot of news on the horizon and threatens ETH, so it's a nice hedge in the portfolio.
At minimum, I can trade swings.
This news announcement will also effect my decision heavily of course, but I'm not interested in chasing after the moon mission bus if I wasn't on before it departed, it's just too risky imo.
Dude wtf literally just get on binance to foray my way into alts for the first time thinking I have it made it with neo mooning and I leave my computer and come back to this you fucking niggers.
Is there automatic trading or a Jewish day trader I could hire?
This is gay I don't even have a pink wojack but if I did I'd post it.
FUCK
EXIT ALL NEO MARKETS
AHHHHHHHHHHHH SOLD AT 49 BOUGHT AT 514 NOW I WANT TO SELL AGAIN HELP!
>This is it.
Don't get scared now.
swag
>there are people here who bought at the topthey will never fucking learn
Ahh my gains are now losses!
You fucking idiots.
I warned you to get out and swing trade between 4500 and 5000.
Why the fuck didn't you listen to me?
good call anon
>not buying the dip You'll all get passed up during REAL CHIGGA HOURS
>sell for a break even / marginal profit>apparently lose 3%holy fucking shit I hope bittrex goes under.
I'm trading on binance from now on.
MOON MISSION COMMENCE
RSI is oversold on Binance right now.
Wait at least 15 minutes to see the bottom before buying in.
told you to selltold you this pump was unsustainabletold you to lock in your profits and buy back latertold you not to fomotold you ......
this guy gets it
he thinks it's over
I locked in my profits, still hold some neo
daytrading NEOdoing it wrong
ohhhhhh rearrryyyyyy??
?/?so you're buying into a bull, you're believing rancid rumors flying around on /biz of all places.
and you're convincing yourself and others that this won't consolidate hard ???damn....
Bought neo at $40Am i gonna make it?
fuck you shouldnt have done that but worry notmonday you should be good
bought all in (1BTC) at 530 it hurts but I have to stay strong.I fucking bagholded a coin for 3 months, know I don't fucking care and never gonna sell(By the time I'm writing this, it's going back up) 512 FUCK YEAH KEEP GOING ASSHOLE
What?
No, I bought NEO like 4 months ago.>I'm bagholding
4420996you will hopefully be alright, china should be waking up now plus they have a conference soonseems like it's still bullish to me
NEO is about to explode.
Set my stop loss at 47.
NEO is capped to 65,000,000neos - thats really all you need to know.
ill just sit back on my stack, watch demand build and the price grow exponentially as the remaining neo get sliced into smaller and smaller slices by normies.
Yes elliott waves.
We are almost at the last correction wave.
After that we are going to skyrocket again.
This.
Hundreds of btc worth of NEO just sold, it's about to moon again.
isn't anyone concerned with BCH at the moment?
fuck NEO
Yeah I'm not sure where to be invested in more.
BEen bouncing betwee nthem a bit
Sounds like anon-neo, my sympathy

Shill 100%, ANS veterans know
NEO and Microsoft to announce dev competition.The rumor is now confirmed in their Slack, this is just one of many announcements to come.https://github.com/neo-project/neo.org/blob/develop/NeoWeb/Views/Event/Competition.cshtml
buy nuls or stay poor faggets
it's a fucking avalanche of announcements.
if you're not holding NEO you're retarded
he didn't even translate itStay sad non_neo
so theoretically how cheap could you have bought this shit?
i know biz shilled this shit back when it was about to rebrand.
did they have an ICO last year?
Buy neo or die.
Once this bch pump settles it going all to NEO!!!
Why do you even want to know
it was on sale for 25 cents for a loooong time.
came out in 2014 i believe.
whatever the ICO price was if they had one.
i started crypto in june and it was being shilled around 2 dollarsi fomo bought in at 12 dollars and panick sold at 6 dollars, a trend i'm proud to follow to this day i bought in at the ATH today and am currently down 15%
?
the charts only go back to around this time last year, i assume it wasn't even released/tradable until fall 2016?
Looks like another pump is starting
huge pump incoming get ready
does anybody remember vert coin?
dgb?listen to OP not the 500 other shill threads.
"BUY THE HYPE SELL THE NEWS"
u sure abt huge?
also curious as to whether people are looking to get into neo or gas.
neo effectively gives you "dividends" over time, but if you think gas is going to appreciate faster than neo you might want to buy gas directly.on the other hand it might make more sense to buy neo, then continually sell the gas back for more neo, while the block generation is still high for gas.i'm sure some smart dude out there has created some xls sheet that calculates this for him
Neo/Microsoft colab Competition incomminghttps://github.com/neo-project/neo.org/blob/develop/NeoWeb/Views/Event/Competition.cshtml
Nuls/Neo merger mega-news explosion confirmed.
I'll be glad to take some, since I am busting my ass to save up for starting my own business.
I think we're gonna see a sell off now
the news hasn't come out yet
the chart on CMC doesn't go back that far, not sure why.
but yeah it was released some time in 2013 or 2014.
4421320Haejin gtfo.
how long do you think it'll take to correct?
Nuls is fucked till the competition is over
Taking back off....here we go
its in the hands of the chinese now
buy you squinty-eyed fuckers!
BUY!
thats the point?what dont you understand?nevermind i just read all your posts clearly a fucking shill.
how do you feel about robbing noobs of their money?
do you sleep scamming these guys?
are you scared one day you'll pull a scam and someone will find you?
It was fun!
I bought high!
But it was my first trading experience!I'm hyped!