This is going to skyrocket.
The only question is: are you going to do anything about it?-Small Mcap -Ongoing ICO, underlooked-File sharing, a vital part of the crypto ecosystem that is relatively unexploredFrom whitepaper:>By encrypting communication on the blockchain and allowing nodes to communicate directly, Feenix can function as a fully-decentralized exchange for files and value transactions - allowing users to create or host content without influence.
You heard it here first /biz/: decentralization is the ultimate solution to censorship.
When people find out about this, they are going to go nuts.
Now is your chance to get on before the hype
Is this that shitty torrents on the blockchain?
Why the fuck do we need blockchain torrents when torrents basically already are P2PAlso why the fuck would I pay for a torrentThe fuck is wrong with you.
Sell these shit bags so you can quit clogging up my board with polygon birdsSage
I just bought 500 on ED.
Shit's gonna moon hard.
Wish I had more money
Went all in.
Have 35k
Why would I pay for a torrentTo tip someone for their hard work....
4402428It's way more advanced than torrenting.
It is by nature not markable, like torrent nodes are, because it is done on the blockchain.
Also thinking torrents should be free and paying for them is silly is incredibly naive.
Can you imagine how comprehensive the access you have to torrents would be if people got paid a little bit for sharing?
You'd have the best quality versions of every movie and textbook published as soon as they came out.
Integrating small P2P tips into torrenting would be the best thing to ever happen to the ecosystem
Dam I can't wait for this to be officially listed.
This shit's gonna 10x.
It's selling for cheap as fuck on ED if anyone wants to get in on it.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
>paying for them is silly is incredibly naive.
Can you imagine how comprehensive the access you have to torrents would be if people got paid a little bit for sharing?
You'd have the best quality versions of every movie and textbook published as soon as they came out.
Integrating small P2P tips into torrenting would be the best thing to ever happen to the ecosystemu got brain aids?
This is exactly what torrents are.
We get the 4k 120gb version the exact second its released.
Wow true, I legit started shilling this without even realizing that.
That's fucking huge
lol holy shit I remember when someone was asking for help like a month ago with their new project called Feenix coin.
This is hilarious.
You might have had that a few times and extrapolated, but there is no good reason for it to be true.
Traditional torrenting still exists; this platform simply extends it by allowing a market to exist for the torrents that aren't availableIn my experience, sometimes you can't torrent the exact textbook you want.
Or your obscure anime has no good seeders.
Or you want to watch some korean film subbed and the only version is dubbed.Now you never have to worry.
if the file exists, it will be shared.
Most people are willing to pay a fraction of a dollar (especially in crypto) for something they want and can't get elsewhere
I can't wait to laugh at the fudders when these tokens are worth 20-40 dollars each
lmao that's ambitious.
I think we are at a $1 floor through february at least though.
Price action after that is gonna depend on whether the team delivers
Definitely at least 2 dollars by February.
Things move fast in cryptoland
Instead of using an ubscore useless paid torrent system, they 'll get out and buy what they want.
You anime neckbeards need to release that most people arent scared of leaving their mom's basement to buy a product.
someone post the etherdelta link plz
Here it is:https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHgenerally not good practice to follow ED links.
To verify, what you do is go to Etherscan:https://etherscan.io/token/0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84?#balancesAnd take the contract address and put it into www.etherdelta.com/#<address>-ETHwhere <address> in this case is0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84
happy gains boys, just filled the lowest buncha sell orders.
We moonin
Smart man
Can someone explain this coin to me
You heard it here first /biz/>Now is your chance to get on before the hype
Read the whitepaper.
particular 5th and 6th pageshttp://feenix.tech/white-paper/Shit is edge of my seat exciting to read about
wew
x6876ce53edbb5eb948991e9ea04ef4fdccc65d5c 34536336 93.3414%one wallet has 93% dont buy and be a fool.
The crowdsale is ongoing you faggot, when it completes those will either all have been sold or will get burned./Don't talk when you don't know anything
EXPLAIN more
WARNING WARNING WARNINGDON'T LOSE YOUR SHEKELS TO POOR SCAM ATTEMPTS
4403547The reason one wallet holds most of the coins is because that is the crowdsale wallet.
When you buy through the website, that wallet sends you coins.
If the crowdsale sells out, that wallet will have fully distributed its coins to people who buy.
If it doesn't sell out, the remaining tokens in that wallet (minus I guess the portion for the team, a low %) will be burned.
There is no centralized control of the tokens, this is exactly how every other ICO does it except usually tokens are not tradeable before the sale is finished
but I thought the ICO ended in octoboer
Ends Nov 22 http://feenix.tech/It likely won't sell out.
Most of those coins in the wallet will be burned, boosting the price massively as supply plummets while demand stays static
Can you guys let me join your discord?
I wanna join in on the shilling...
confused as to why its trading at 30 cents while the ICO was $1please shill me pops
Well the ICO is ongoing so the price is clearly capped at around $0.70 until the 22nd, because nobody is gonna buy it for more than that on an exchange when they can buy it for that on the website.
It's undervalued because it has no exposure and most people don't realize they can buy it outside of the website.
As you know Etherdelta is really shitty and on TOP of that it isn't even an official ED token; in order to trade it, you have to type its contract address in directly.
These factors make it so people are really unaware of it on ED.
Only like 30 trades have been made ever I believeHere's the link, which you can verify by looking at the contract address on etherscan:https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
pls stop shilling this shit here
your loss if you don't want to listen bud
Really neat concept and I'm glad they did an early airdrop.
That gives impatient biztards the chance to make a little cash or - for those with more intestinal fortitude - a decent return for doing nothing but posting an Ethereum address.
I'd buy a few, but I'll wait until it's listed on a better exchange, etherdata looks like hot piss.
read the whitepaper, seem promising.
am i missing something here?a) it's trading at 0.0002 Eth, which is 0.066$.
if the supposed ICO price is 0.7$, this is less than 10%.
what the fuck?b) there's already Atmos for a filesharing blockchain.
what does this have over Atmos?
Buy ICO>sell under ICO>Also set up buy orders>get more tokens for a cheaper priceEasyI have 30k of this and I can’t wait to moon this fucker
smart money has moved in already, dont you worry.
Delete this
how does it handle your privacy?
Nice for a 2-3x pump after ico ends, but for long term, the idea behind this thing is stupid.
Leechers pay tokens to seeders to get files?
Good luck competing with existing FREE shit like torrents, 4shared and mega
Because there's - of course - an economy designed to support the sharing of top-quality content as soon as it is released and the average user is incentivized to do so within the current system.
Right?Oh.
Wrong?
Well then this shit serves a fucking purpose.
Op here, please tell me you faggots don't keep buying this shitLiterally every argument you've heard on /biz/ in favor of this coin has been me on my three different computers or the one guy who bought 500 FENX from me at a high price (pic related) and seems deluded that it is actually a good project.This project is utter shit.
There is no part of this that is high quality.
How far into denial do you have to be: the ONLY reason you like the project is because I told you to, and now I'm admitting it was trash.
Cut your losses and move on
Are the faggot that keeps putting those 10,000 set buy orders above mine?
??
Why would I be buying?
?How hard is this for you faggots to understand.
I literally took this coin from 0 volume to a bunch of interest, and then slowly sold a fuckload of it into the fake hype generated.
That's how you exit a bagholding position....
Hell I even tried to give an easter egg warning with pic related <--, this is from the part of the movie where he is explaining his scam where he pitches "unloading the dog shit" on his investors.
Why are you making it so difficult for me to buy my cheap shitcoins you faggot?
YOU!
BASTARD SON LET ME BUY CHEAP!
No it's me
4407183Fine man, you can have the top spot.
I dont want to waste all my gwei
Dam you're a Jew man.
Pumping and then immediately fudding to buy back in later.
There is nothing wrong with the idea, plenty of people pay for private torrent services.The real question here - is this a fucking scam?
Most likely yes.
The devs on the site look totally fake.
No links to their social media.
Their whitepaper reads like shit.
There is very little info on this project.
AbsolutelyAnd get it straight.
Their project isn't really this incentivized torrenting stuff I've been shilling.
I literally fucking made that up.
Their project doesn't really say ANYTHING, it's just total bullshit and obviously fake
This guy fudding so hard because he sold his stack and wants to buy back in with the idiots dumping.
4407544holy shit you nigI'd never be caught dead buying this utter bullshit.
HAVE YOU READ THEIR FUCKING SITETHEY LITERALLY ARE TOO CHEAP TO BUY HTTPS THEY USE A FUCKING HTTP HOSTAll the FENX I had was given to me for free on the old thread linked above.
I would never, ever purchase something as shitty and obviously fake as this
Just so you know I'm the OP of the post
I'm sure they made money off suckers but these scamcoins confuse me.The scammers could literally pay real devs to turn this into a real project and their $10,000 they made by scamming people could be worth a lot more if they actually used that time to not be shitheads.
i'm enough of a scumbag by pumping a coin I think is worthless, but after I sell everything, I have a good enough conscience to try to convince them it's worthlesskek
No, I just like braggingThis coin will never break 0.0002 again
4407721To be honest, I am surprised you sold it to the retards at such a high price.
There was a tell-tale sign they missed that made it obvious.
Did you get cold feet for this order?
That wasn't my sell actually.
Almost all of the buy orders above that were bought into my standing sell orders thoughThe real indication that it was a shitty pump and dump is when someone posted a 50k buy order at 0.0002 and I started filling it rapidly, I basically dumped through all of it within ten minutes.
If that doesn't scare off fomo-ers they are hopeless
I think the reason you were successful is because some people missed the ASTRO pump and thought this would be similar.
They forgot the big risk of buying tokens like this.
You still putting up orders man?
Perhaps.
I wasn't really planning this for long desu.
I literally saw a mention of FNEX the other day and remembered I had a fuckton in my wallet from the "airdrop" thread.
I loaded it up on ED and decided to see if I could unload my bags for anything decent

I feel bad for arguing with this guy.
Whoever you are anon, just know I was never mad and I never wished you any harmAlthough I made myself laugh out loud writing this "don't trade angry " line
tfw someone sent you 10k of these shitcoins 36 days ago>just sold them for ~0.3 ethThanks /biz/
No dude, i gave up
kek, so Mr. 10,000 is neither of us thenMr.
10000, REVEAL YOURSELF
I am also putting 10k order but one wants to sell, to me atleast.
HHaAHAAHaHA.. Why wouldn't you buy back in?Can't you see after that, theres a whale holding down the sell orders,and trying to entice small sells at low low prices?
wink wink..i dont really care about people jumping my buy orders but id someone eat my sell walls before i can pull them i'll fuckin lose it.
sold them for 1.5 eth kek, have fun holding my bags random /biz/raeli
top kek
They'll be worth much more in a few days.
Ico ends 22 NOV?
Yes yes I believe so.
Can’t wait to to see it on another exchange
How much is the hard cap?
guys stop wtf