SELL SELL SELL
What makes you think its going to crash?
I mean, its going to eventually crash... so please explain yourself, nigger.
it will never go below 8k againretard op sold low and will buy high hahahahahahahahahahahahaaha
Cup and handle breh
Anon, his arms long, his bags heavy
mom's spaghetti
All the BTC are being quantum-hacked!
This is the last time you'll see it at $0.40, OP
MA crossedSee you at 6500 faggots :)
what do you mean by this
legit sauce
https://www.investopedia.com/university/technical/techanalysis9.asp
MA = moving averagehe thinks the trend is now going downward
i told you this yesterday, but nobody listened as usual
lmao nice
more like head and shoulders
Idiot...
Prof?Call a dumbtard but that chart dosent says anything usefull...
 brainlets caring about meme lines in 5 min chartsGuys, if ur gonna be this dumb, just don't invest
Some Shit is happeningUnresolved transfers up from 21000 to 32000 in 1 hour.. Fees exploding- bitcoin breaks 8000Prepare for some crazy shit!also saw a 3000 transaction 4 minute- i think vern is gearing for another attack
make it 34000 now
How is this not yet another lame spam attack by Ver and that little chinese fellow?
It won't crash though.
There's nothing to worry about Bitfinex will just print some more Tethers to push it up to 9000.
HODL
the wierd part is cash and legacy seems to follow each other, even though cash pulls in front during spikes-I have a feeling it might be somebody else attacking, but mainly, simply south america and america finding out about blocksizelimit now
can we short it or it's suicide?
i dont know what will happen, i didnt think etherium would ever pass 360 since so many bought it during its first spikedont think bitcoin will fall today, since it broke 8000But fees are getting giant.
15 bucks or so now, 160 satoshis
as soon as people find out they need something else than bitcoin as a criminal visa, (bitcoin is gold, but try paying in gold in the supermarket ;) boom.
flippening.
either ether or bitcoin cash.But the thing is, bitcoin will be king.
its just used the wrong way, as a credit card, instead of gold in the bank.
it will turn to dust because of zimbabwe and south america using it for small transactions
Tethers will push us to 100k before it blows up.
Hold on to your butts