I'm looking to buy a trading bot to make 1% consistent profits a day.what are you fags using?
If one existed, everyone would be rich.
what you arn't rich anon?
why didn't you get a bot?
BITCONNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Write your own botOtherwise you are basically trusting an anonymous guy to manage your $
I doubt these guys actually have a working bot.
I don't have any script experience.I just need a bot can input my buying and selling strategies.
I usually look for volume and EMA divergence.
Why is everyone yelling it like this.
What is this meme to be
I coded my own bot.If you buy one then it has to be one where you have to write your own strategies, because no one will sell a winning bot.But then, if you have to write your own strategies either, why not write it from scratch?
There are lots of OOP libraries on github, everything is there except the strategies.
gumbot
How much can you pay?I can make you a bot that will scan through hundreds of coins on exchanges and find the ones likely to grow.
I can throw in some risk measurement and closing price prediction if you wannaI'm on telegram, if you need me@lotrus28
Is Profit Trailer any good?It has a buying strategy called EMA divergence and trailing buy and sell.
I haven't seen these in gunbot.
boyos, write your own botit rewarding experience ;)
mmmm I was looking into more into commercial solutions, but custom code is always a bit risky.
EMA divergenceDude.
At least take the 5min to Google whst this is and realize it's bullshit.. save yourself that money and put it in AEON
What strategy you using?
Trying to fiddle around with mine but not making any profit..
:)I can tell you what libs and apis I'm using but certainly not the strategies
Go ahead, I'd love to learn!
That feel when you bait some cucks bot into lower and lower prices by flashing buy / sell walls then scalping their stack.
divergence only works in ranging markets you retard
https://ethercalc.org/9nvv3u2g5m1d
yes, these are the numbers i like gringo
I've seen people using this strategy effectively on alts.
The diverge is usually 5% on 32 and 12 periods.