I bought NEO at the ATH 550k... Should I sell now at a loss or will it recover?
just le hold
It'll pump to $80 again desu.
I think $100 is possible, so it will happen.
Recover
we'll be back there in like half an hourno worries dude
it'll be $100 by Monday just hold all weekend with iron fists, we have faith biz bro, we want you to make money, we all want to make money so we can get those Teslas.
Im new to this, but to me it looks like it capped at 41.5$
people are profit taking -- it's going to shake a bitdon't get shook
and also this isn't even NEO's ATH in USD terms, it's been over $50 before I believe
Alright.
I got in to crypto yesterday, only got 350$ invested so far.
Was thinking of converting from ETH to NEO
Its hit 80 before?
I'd do that right about now actuallyAnyway, my #1 problem when I was starting out was getting shook and panicking at times like thisOnce you get some intuition your guesses are mostly accurate - you just have to commit to things even if it means you have to wait a few hours for it to reach the point you were guessing it would
you waited too longyou should've sold weeks ago, but now it's not worth selling because $50 is within reach
In my dreams, so yes
shookfucking hate that nigger slang
we all want to make money so we can get those Teslas.Teslas are nu male cars
Buy the rumours, sell the news.
Gl anon
strong past tense verbs which are older than their modern standardized counterparts are a nigger inventionlmaothey're a symbol of english's germanic heritage dude
#shook on twitter and then tell me it isn't nigger slang
Either way, I'm no nigger and I say it.
I also say drug instead of dragged and so on.
Go take a look at some of those words in English's close relatives like Dutch or German and see how they are also strong verbs there
i think NEO go soon to 600 ki wouldnt be suprised if NEO going this weekend new ATH levels well above 1 million sats
I think it will re consolidate into a bull flag and keep going for a bit.The rumors are pretty hype and the NEO team never fucks around on their news.
lots of FOMO
ATH is 1.3 million.
We're far from it.
I'd be pretty surprised if neo was well above $80 based on a rumour.
This shit will plunge back to the thrirty dollar range.
Quick pnd schemes with epic pajeet rumours are the best ones
HOYL SHIT MY BUY ORDER AT 37 FILLED RIGHT NOW
What exchange
bittrexlook at middle candles, that long ahnger was my order kekEasiest 8 dollars of my life
these idiots never learn