Buy power coin you stupid fucking faggots.
How much evidence do you need?-Team is top notch.
Multiple Oxford masters and PHD degrees, JP Morgan Chase Background, top 3 team members have 25+ years of experience in green renewable energy.
Co-founder is Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia’s capital city-Partnership with Origin Energy, Australia’s largest energy provider, also operates in NZ and India.
Team has said in slack that other partnerships are confirmed.-Tech Mahindra, a billion dollar Indian tech energy firm, partnership confirmed-Thai power plant partnership confirmed by conference member, news released later today-8 Million dollar investment from the Australian government.
This alone should signal something to you.-Working product out the gate.
Supporting Apps and infrastructure also complete.
It’s ready to go and being used right now.-In talks with Elon Musk, Powr is already compatible with Tesla Home battery and car batteries-I’s a finalist at CES Las Vegas 2018.
-Their smart grid will be live and working in Fremantle, Perth in THREE WEEKS-Major energy crisis in Australia, massive solar panel investment.
Watch any of the dozens of youtube videos on this crisis.
PL is solving this as we speakIs the enough for you?
No crypto has ever been this solid.
99% don’t even have working products.You could invest in Powr and secure 5-10x gains in the next couple of weeks.No pajeets here, just moon powr.
-twitter.com/lambolydia
>BUY MY BAGS PLEASE!>PLEASE!
Sounds like your bags are as heavy as her milf tits
MILF
Stop shillling your fucking twitter no one gives a shit.
blah blah blah.
fuck off
She is not a good fuck>lays there like a fish>nipples the size of pancakes>drier than tethers bank account
just because your step dad beats your mom and calls you a faggot every time he sees you doesn't mean you have to project your negativity onto others.-twitter.com/lambolydia
I love POWR token and suggest you buy, but top fucking kek
POWR is going to the moon!
BUY BUY BUY!!!
twitter.com/lambolydia44 followers lel
What the fuck does this coin do?
We need a coin for solar power?
Lmfao
drier than tethers bank accountKek
Good one, you live in a moldy basement and drink more mountain dew than water.
Suicide is probably a reoccurring theme in your thoughts, hopefully you decide to actually kill yourself this time, faggot.
investing in a company run by a womenuh are you fucking serious.
name like 1 successful company where a woman hasn't "diversified" herself into the CEO/Pres role thats not a fucking spincycle or diet companyhard pass from me
IOTA is more of a suitable choice for Elon Musk or any power company.
No fees, runs on Tangle.
Blockchain technology is not quantum proof.
And not a single GitHub profile on the site?
From an article:Power Ledger uses blockchain technology to allow buyers and sellers to trade solar energy between each other without needing to rely on a third-party company.
Power Ledger formed with two key concepts in mind -- peer-to-peer trading across energy networks and peer-to-peer trading of energy within buildings.Power Ledger uses a software solution that measures the amount of electricity consumed or generated.
The way the energy is moved from one person to another is via a unit called 'Sparkz' which is a tokenised unit of electricity or a digital representation of the energy that is being moved from the buyer to the seller.
"Basically, Power Ledger has a software solution and it connects to smart metres.
It reads the outputs of the metres in terms of electricity that is being consumed or generated and it records that on the blockchain.
As somebody purchases or consumes electricity that is also recorded on the blockchain and those two pieces of information from the transaction for which Sparkz are transferred -- so it happens synchronously.
The actual recording of the electricity is the movement of Sparkz from the buyer's wallet to the seller's wallet.
"This means that the buyer is receiving the payment for the electricity at almost the same time the seller receives the payment for the energy.
This happens in the form of Sparkz being transferred between the two parties via the blockchain.
Once the seller receives the Sparkz into their digital wallet, they can convert those to Australian dollars.
"So normally what happens is, you do a transaction and the payment happens afterwards and in electricity markets ... every 60 days you might get a bill and then in the wholesale market it could be 60-80 days, so this means that you get paid for the value that you provide instantly."
m-muh github tho
mommy a cutei for one am glad to have invested in her

The company has multiple co-founders.
It's a join partnership running it..
M-MOMMY???
She looks aussie a fuck.
Oh noooo this faggot woke up.Shit is dead it already mooned x20 fuck off.
POWR is already way overbought and overvalues.
It will dip below 5k within days.
Sell now.
Realize those nice profits.
How does anyone look Aussie as fuck?
She looks like your generic everyday celtic-ancestry Anglo female.
You can probably find women like her all over here (UK), US, Canada and Ireland.
XD I was born in Perth, that mayor is soooo fucking corrupt they are trying to kick her out for taking bribes from mining companies
it's going to 1B market cap, easily.
It's the only legitimate coin in existence right now besides BTC and ETH.
Let that sink into all your autistic minds, faggots.-twitter.com/lambolydia
 missing out on gains because your penis is too short to satisfy mommy
she took over from Lisa Scaffadi (the corrupt mayor) dumass
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-09-12/mayor-body-seeks-to-rescind-lisa-scaffidi-award/8892858http://www.watoday.com.au/wa-news/perth-lord-mayor-lisa-scaffidi-to-learn-her-fate-today-over-travel-rorts-20170903-gya2xs.htmlI've met the cunt, shady as fuck!
Sold that shit soon as I found out, nice speculative bubble boys
No, she has the slightly hooked nose, the little teeth, the ovale shaped face with strong cheekbones and the nasolabial angle falling strongly on the philtrum.I'm european and anglo women in Britain look nothing like that, it's typical aussie face.
giving money to a womanlol no
POWR's ATH was when this post was made.
There are no such thing as POWR bags.
It's way overvalued.
100M is where it's headed.
Enjoy the dip and lost gains.
That person has literally NOTHING to do with this.
Lisa Scaffidi has zero association with this project or even crypto nor anything related.
At all.
That's a different mayor completely
Congratulations on being the most retarded person on /biz/.You should be proud.
AMD
i am putting all my savings in this coin all in
Don't.
Diversify into btc, eth and power.
To offset losses.
Not even whiteknighting, but she could pwn u
Yes.
Chase the pump.
Buy high.
Sell low.
Beta starts Q4 2018kek no thx
Haha that aggressive projection
I put my life savings of 22 doller in.
POWER NUMBER ONE!
That mayor bitch is aggressive as fuck, shell shove powr right down the yuppies fucking throats
Jokes aside, considering this is the dip, its one stable dip.
The price remains practically the same.
Link is dead.
This is the new pump.