this is ridiculousit's unbelievable that bitcoin maximalists are still defending these core devswe seriously need to fire them
OMG NO WEYYYYYYYY UHGGGGGHH NO WEY BRO
I side with the Devs.
The miners are basically a corporate oligopoly right now.
It isn't democratic.
It really isn't decentralized.
90% of them say 2x will happen and then cancel it.
They are acting as a unit.
It is also very hard to break into mining right now.
These are corporate behemoths, worth tens, sometimes hundreds, of millions of dollars.
How is this what Satoshi wanted?
I hope they do somethinh my btc is loosing my so much money!
dangerous beliefs....what?maybe they should read the whitepaper and then kill themselves for violating it
whatever, Im in alts and fiat
I never heard a single positive thing about 2X since it's inception.
The other side is blockstream and we know 100% that they are profiting from LN and sidechains.
Miners are at least going to have a functioning ecosystem that benefits the users.
I thought the devs we're pushing for 2x?
you don't lose money if you don't sell
It's kind of true though.
I don't think he envisioned people crafting asic miners that make all other miners obsolete
>satoshi's vision
No, opposite.
Miners did.
Then miners cancelled it.
They literally met in NY like a bunch of dirty bankers and concocted a plan.
they need to update the software to make it decentralize again instead of focusing on these political things
Blockstream is a corporate monopoly the only ones who have acess to the github.
They've held bitcoin back for 3 plus years.
And you side with them?
Transactions get more expensive waits get longer, and whens omeone proposes a solution they bitch and complain, that's progress to you?
Are you fucking idiotic?
Now they want to rewrite satoshis original intention and you still side with them?
Fucking unbelievable.
It's an implication of proof of work.
All proof of work coins are destined to be controlled by pool runners and mining rig magnates.If you truly care about it, start shilling ETH after it switches to proof of stake.
There is no miner politics workaround for POW and they can sell their stake in the coin to buy another coin and then take all their hashrate to that other coin if they want, causing stagnation in the former chain.What people think is decent or "democratic" is irrelevant when such concerns are not baked into the system.
>immutable>satoshi's vision>decentralized>peer to peer
He knew and predicted the bullshit that miners could do.
But incentivized them in such a way that keeps them in line.
They're right though.Those who give up liberty and security for convenience and profits will lose both and deserve neither.
proof of stake.AKA THE RICH MATTER MORE THAN YOUNo thank you.
POW is good.
ASIC mining is bad.
Especially when one company makes almost all ASIC miners and sells in bulk to basically three companies.
That is the issue.
To be honest he's correct that users, not just miners, should be the ones to decide on changes to Bitcoin.
In terms of practicality and "purity" of tech I prefer BCH, but it's undeniable that the miners are a big single-minded cabal right now and BCH gives them too much power.That being said, I do think the whole sidechains/LN thing could become an even greater evil (if it ever becomes anything other than vaporware).I guess the problem is that right NOW, we have: possibility of future LN tech which MIGHT fuck us over, or, Chinese mining cabal which is currently IS fucking us over be increasing centralization.
In the end both the devs and the miners can't be trusted but as of the current moment one of these threats is a reality and one is just hypothetical.
PoW is already an environmental disaster, now imagine with increasing demands on PoW systems.
pish poshPoW is brilliant and the only way to go.
If you can change the past you will.
Fact.
And PoS is literally just saying rich people matter and should be given more wealth for being rich.
Fuck that.
not wanting more wealthwhat's wrong with you
/threadNot changing the PoW to something less FPGA friendly as soon as the first proofs of concept surfaced was the worst mistake made by Core Blockstream is a corporate monopoly the only ones who have acess to the github.Literally anyone can access the GIthub you dumb retard, in fact there's thousands of Bitcoin forks out there People not liking your chink bullshit and prefering Core's and Blockstream doesn't mean that Blockstream decides Bitcoin's future >They've held bitcoin back for 3 plus yearsLiterally only done by Jihan delaying the adoption of Segwit
they're just butthurt that mining was turned into an industry instead of something neckbeards across the world did in their basementsit was an obvious outcome of incentivizing miningPoW and PoS are both the exact same "rich dominate," at least PoW forces them to spend some of their revenue to cover expenses instead of simply hoarding coins forever