Shill me this shit crypto
Meh
I am a holder with a couple thousand dollars in coss.
I have grown increasingly frustrated with it, but have no dumped it because they have made a ton of promises.
If they can deliver on even just a few, this could be huge.
The single biggest advantage of COSS is obviously their fee split allocation, despite it being next to nothing right now.
This is due to volume.
Essentially, it’s a crypto index fund, where you get pieces of the fees they collect (50% of profits to token holders) on every crypto they sell.
For instance, I get ark, coss, jet, eth, bitcoin, bch, amongst others every Sunday.
Now here’s the fun part, if their volume increases to the level of let’s say binance, we are talking making hundreds perhaps thousands per week even holding just 20,000 coss.
They also aim to be a payment gateway for merchants, this also pays fee splits, this will allow businesses to accept crypto as payment.
They also have a crypto pay card planned for the future.
It’s a small risk, with huge upside.
They are relative active in the Slack channel, and they know their flaws.
Currently they are redesigning their whole UI over and will implement a new engine.
In addition, they plan to add fiat which would be HUGE.
Coss could be the on ramp for normies to get on the crypto highway.
I think the launch of the exchange was rushed, and it wasn’t ready to go when they released it.
They know they have a lot of work to do, but this thing is still in its infancy, only a few months old.
Kucoin currently is much better, as they have more volume and their fee split is also 50%.
However this is tempory and will drop to 10% in the future.
Coss will forever be 50%.
It’s a good project, but has been slow moving.
They are very very very anal about the law being based in Singapore, and are careful to not list anything that could put them in jeapordy such as tokens that could be classified as securities.
They Avoid being a security by using a DAO to issue payouts.
T. PajeetFuck off faggot shill
Just trying to break it down.
I don’t think I can state enough how much work they have to do.
It’s barely above ICO price and probably will fall below.
If you have money you don’t mind losing, I think it could pay off tremendously.
I give it a 25% chance of being successful.
I’ll take those odds in hopes of making a few hundred a week on a $2000 dollar investment.
Thanks.
you just have to give it a bit time, i just put a bit in and forget about it, i mean ofc there could be opportunity costs until it goes up but i have the feeling this "get rich quick" shit in /biz/ is toxic, thats why we see so many wojaks anyway
No problem.
Check out the slack.
I find this to be one of my most interesting investments as it could pay off more than any other coin.
But it’s also my riskiest.
To prove I’m not a street pooing Pajeet, no referral code drop.
ETA for a new UI?
don't wanna miss the rocket launch


tl;dr plenty of time to accumulate, nice

Anyone have a working coss slack invite?