Sorry guys, but the flippening won't be happening in the near future.First of all, there's too much sell pressure.
GBTC will be selling 173k BCH over the course of 90 days and Coinbase will be releasing their BCH by Jan 1st.
Plus, there are many bagholders who bought above 0.3 BTC who will sell once there's another mini-pump.
Also, the entire crypto ecosystem is based around BTC, and normies are buying BTC, not BCH.
That's nothing going to change overnight.
And if BTC did suddenly crash, that would be terrible for investor confidence in crypto.The flippening might happen in the next 6-18 months, because BTC will become increasingly congested, while BCH will very likely gain more merchant adoption, more trading pairs, maybe add some new tech, etc.The last week has been great in raising awareness of Bitcoin Cash and strengthening its community.
Also, with the backing of miners and many wealthy/influential individuals, it's safe to say Bitcoin Cash won't be going away any time soon.
But the flippening won't be happening in the near future.
Best to sell now and seek other opportunities, then look to buy back in around 0.1 BTC.
BTW, I sold my BCH today.
I bought in at 0.08 so I still made a hefty profit.
Unfortunately I missed the big pump because I was asleep and didn't bother setting any sell orders.
Flippening will never happen, BCH is just a pajeet pump and dump.
Only retards would buy/hold Bitchcoin Crash.
Can you faggots stop talking about normies investing in crypto as if it's a good thing?
None of these normalfags even care about cryptography or the use cases of the blockchain, that's why we see shitcoins getting massive moon missions despite either having no product or a very shitty one.
Core cucks have also gained legitimacy they don't deserve because of kikes investing in Shitcoin Core.
Reminder there is a current core shill infestation of biz.
Normies are annoying, but the fact is they're investing in BTC rather BCH.
That's all I'm saying here.
Yeah, that's why I don't give a fuck if investor confidence dies.
These current investors we have aren't investing in any good coins anyways.
They created the tulip mania and they need to take it down with them fast.
maybe add some new tech, etc.Your decision to temporarily fud by saying the flip won't happen for months was subtle but you were still too obvious.
You can't add new tech unless you have devs.
BCH doesn't have any.In fact, the only thing BCH has is more centralization and a leader who went to prison for selling explosives.
We have to stop him
more centralization as opposed to when shitcoin core adopts the lightning network and the only nodes that matter are big nodes run by massive corporations?
you should be glad that we only have mining conglomerates faggot, get the fuck out with your shilling because shitcoin core WILL lose
BCH has three or four different implementations, unlike BTC development which is highly centralized.I don't care if that guy sold fireworks.
flippening will happen but it wont be bch
CME Futures will eventually be used to crash BitcoinTrue.
Just like the bankstes are using it to crash gold and silver and pretty much the rest
I hope it is LTC.
Humble fireworks merchant did nothing wrong.
What do you mean coinbasr is releasing their BCH?A separate currency?
Worth buying?
They held onto their customers' BCH from the fork.
They'll allow their customers to withdraw their BCH by January 1st (they'll probably add a market for BCH as well).
Many people will dump their BCH as soon as they get it.
You realize if they open a market for it, bcash will go fullmoon mode
I really hope they do, Coinbase CEO was banned from bitcointalk so there really isn't any reason why they shouldn't allow BCC trading
Huge speculation here but what if this is what the bcash faction is waiting for to jump start this death spiral for BTC?
Find small exploit on bitcoin PoW.
Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.
Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.
Upgrade to bitcoin would nullify my exploit (Segwit) https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9fSpam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempool http://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.png (embed) https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-whyTell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade Fork the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners.
Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coin https://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easily https://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208Rent russian social farm for a few days Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be biggerIf you buy BCH, you are being manipulated...
Find small exploit on bitcoin PoW.
Make ASIC miners that take advantage of that.
Patent it so I can sue other people who try to copy me.
Upgrade to bitcoin would nullify my exploit (Segwit) https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9fSpam the network with small fee transactions to clog the mempool http://i.imgur.com/cmRIBIM.png (embed) https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/58166/who-is-spamming-the-bitcoin-cash-mempool-and-whyTell people that we need bigger blocks and not the new upgrade Fork the coin so I can keep mining it with my special miners.
Actually no good programmers so I fuck up the difficulty adjustments but that's ok I have to mine 60% of the hashrate but that's ok, people won't know that I am centralizing this coin https://cryptovest.com/news/bitcoin-cash-watch/Collude with the other chinese miners to finally get rid of core developers, then I can increase miner reward easily https://twitter.com/ViaBTC/status/876047086533214208Rent russian social farm for a few days Pump up the price from a 0% fee exchange in korea by buying my own coins and trading 3x the actual sell book Finally get rid of the programmers who want to get rid of my advantage Once I have all the power, I can fork the coin to allow miner reward to be biggerIf you buy BCH, you are being manipulated.
near future?
it's never happening you coping retarded bcash faggot
It's definitely a good thing long term, but short term there will be lots of people looking to dump.
Maybe you're right, though, I don't know.
I don't think people are going to dump.. sure they were probably brainwashed before the fork into thinking BCH would instantly go to zero once it was tradeable but now people will be glad they did not panic sell BCH in August when they see how much its worth nowthey will hodl it and buy more desu senpai
I think it's highly likely they will, see pic related.
We also know they're planning on adding new coins soon, so why not start with one of the biggest and highest volume ones?
bch has the support of 2ex core dev : Gavin Andresson and Jeff Garzik, also bch uses a least 3 different github rep (that's a lot more dev than core).
Heavily decentralised dev team are highly inefficient to reach consensus without leader (the paradox of bch, strong leadership and decentralised dev).Mining is centralised by nature : miners finds better equipment that are more efficient, gain money reinvest and become a trust (ie bitmain).Excluding the dirty deeds on both sides : propaganda, attacks on trust, DoS, nettwork spamm with low transactions, etc we have on one hand a heavily centralised dev team that almost all originals dev left, highly ideologically influenced by blockstream (a centralised corporation), versatile miners (that follows profit).
On the other hand an approach apparently true to the creator's view (deifying him de facto), that is control by a highly central power (co-funder of majority of the mining pools), supported by decentralised dev team, and by most of the mining community.tl;dl : satoshi's vision is a lie this is chinks vs burger proxy business war