For people who think Visa/whatever big company will just adopt blockchain out of the blue... WRONG.
The reason they don't use blockchain already is because they thrive off of the fees that they currently make, which then help them hire and survive as a business.
Dropping their fees to .5% or less would be suicide for their current operation standard.This is why Request and OMG both will continue to grow.
-- they are ACTUALLY useful in the real world.
However, Request is a step ahead of the game by bringing out their platform before the end of THIS YEAR.
Also, technically Request's competition is not OMG; they have sole dominance in this area currently (crypto-wise).
People are already inquiring about using Request asap when it's ready... this goes to show how much of a gamechanger Request will be.
Just went balls deep.
Shameless bump.
I'd like to get other people's opinion on this.
I want to buy this no idea how this and NAV actually I have coinbase and can get some Bitcoin so what do I do now?
I like REQ threads cause it means I can shamelessly also shill iExec and nobody can say shit.Love you guys.
Can you shill iExec to me, please?
OMG token is a dividends token, it's only on Bittrex because it got added before the SEC crackdown.What's the REQ token used for?
Why would it have demand?
It's not used to make requests...As a utility token, the appeal is not a good imo
rent.
free.
trinity.
Long term price prediction: 0.00 per Req.
Screenshot this.
convert some to ethmake a wallet on etherdeltatransfer eth to etherdeltabuy req and link2020 own 10 lambos
rent.
free.
holy trinity.
This moment in time is the only time you will see req this cheap again.
it's used to pay for fees .burned + staked = you want this token.
4291515https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBmZZVSLHvc
How much should I but I have about 39 after I lost like 5k on real stock market
What the hell is staking?
got 5k will i make it??
Send Bitcoin to Binance, then buy REQ with said Bitcoin.
Yup, it's actually going back up a good amount now.
Not trying to shill just because I own REQ, but because I believe this is actually a great investment considering the potential ROI you can get -- all in.
I have 30k in REQ and I just it's the new LINK.
LOL.It's cool we all need fun moonshots every once and awhile.Also the REQ team and background sounds a hell of lot better than the fat fag running LINK.
Request is going to use Swift/chainlink oracle for payments.