What if:>Roger, Jihan and the Koreans are waiting for the BCH fork to finish>After that, they will start pumping BCH like crazy because...>Monday would be the perfect time to launch this attack since many people are in their workplaces and are not watching crypto, therefore...>Their massive sell off will overwhelm the buy walls, create chaos among the BTC holders once again, which they hope will lead to their final goal:>BCH taking over BTC
the perfect time to launch this attack since many people are in their workplaces In Asia, Europe or America?
Jihan and the Koreans is a great band name.
Would pay $60 to see them.
I think it's over desu.
i hope
Just you dont hear any music.
Just the slurps while they suck each others cocks
it's overVer won't stop until we're all deadBitcoin is doomed
Bitcoin is dying as we speak, transactions are piling up and aren't being processed.
Fees are spiking.
BCH won't fix this, it's just a tool used to create drama.Dump it and move on to the next iteration of blockchain, Ethereum.
There may be a new micro pump, but nothing like last night, 0.32 max, and even that is pushing it.
lel nvm I want my $69 back.
Most people are just salt they didn't buy more BCH when it was $200
FUCK YOUR MOTHER IF YOU WANT FUUUUUUUCK *epic guitar solo* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Ya, so the difficulty adjust ment already happened kids.
That is why BCH is dying.
It's over.
People are fixing the backlog of BTC because it's profitable again.
They'll have the opportunity again soon.
buying bch is an attack on bitcoinBetter contact .gov to stop this free market thing :^)
if BCH was even close to being a threat to BTC, mircea popescu would be screaming all over his IRC and blog, and would probably have jihan wu or roger ver killed, maybe both.
He can't get away with it we won't let him
You realize the "explosives" were fireworks right?
He sold fireworks illegally.
Almost everyone I know has bought fireworks illegally.
Also his charge for selling fireworks illegally was in 2002.
Bitcoin did not exist then.
Maybe try harder with your FUD.
t. corecuck
enjoy your floppening faget
This is what happens when you store a bunch of fireworks incorrectly and something bad happens.
Doing so even with a smaller amount in an apartment building where you are putting other residents at risk is criminal..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuN4xirvhHY
Roger Ver is a fucking chad with unshakeable faith in himself.
Do you think he thinks he could make a mistake?
No way.
Did he make a mistake?
No he didn't.Safety regulations are for the unwashed bottom 99% of people, aka subhumans.
It's literally like training wheels on a bike, except it's training wheels for brains.
just bought 100k bch
This guy is basically Bane
Literally not true.
Last 4 hours the fees have dropped substantially and transactions are clearing again.https://bitcoinfees.earn.com/
https://bitcoinfees.earn.com/The fastest and cheapest transaction fee is currently 950 satoshis/byte, shown in green at the top.Looollll
One does not simply "pump" you can easily lose your shirt doing that they prolly already made huge losses
Where can I find the number of unconfirmed BCC transactions and what the fuck happened to the hashrate on BCC, my BCC are fucking stuck at 1 confirmation, and I need more to trade em god damn it.
You know, not once have I seen anyone talk about what core is doing/can do about it.
Does core not own a shitton of BTC and therefore, a shitton of BCC?
They got the forked coins too.
>Verroger and the Chinks spend millions of their btc pumping bcc up>core dumps a shitton of their bitcoin cash>shake confidence in the coin>get free cashcuck btc>BitChad and the Satoshis have now armed their enemiesThis is what happened yesterday, methinks That drop from .42 to .22 absolutely killed the idea of a flippening for anyone with a brain.
They probably underestimated core, were expecting more of a gradual sell and not a tactical sell nuke and got burned bad.
I'd be surprised if they try anything again, I cannot fathom how much money went into pumping bcc from .22 to .45 and it's all either in core's or trader's pockets right now.
Bitchad and the satoshis>not Satoshi and the Visions
I like your analysis bro
They already sold the very little they had a long time ago.
Blockstream and the like don't hold stakes in bitcoin.
even if they do pump it past 0.5, it will get exponentially more expensive.
unless they are pulling tens of billions of dollars out of their asshole and are planning to send crypto back 3 years into the past, then they aint flipping shit
They likely dumped and sold when it mooned to 1000 initially thinking they were so clever.
They also don't have a lot lmao, faggots don't know how to hodl
That's the problem, Core doesn't own almost any bitcoin...
Which is the whole conflict of interest: They have more incentive to keep the chain crippled to earn fees of their sidechains than to make bitcoin usable and therefore worth more
It's down significantly since yesterday friendo.
It was piled 10 feet deep.
No one ever said what he did was legal.
I'm saying Core shills are trying to paint him as a terrorist.
He was literally selling firecrackers akin to M-80's.
It's not something even worth mentioning.
it clearly was worth mentioning if it got him imprisoned for 10 months you fucking idiot
bitcoin3x.orgIs /biz/ ready?
4332987Even if they don't own a lot themselves, they're influential as fuck.
How hard do you think it would be for motherfucking blockstream to find people with a lot of dosh to buy into bch early (because I'm 100% sure they knew this coup was eventually coming) and convince them to simultaneously dump it to hell if it got past a certain threshold?>btc is protected, core wins>dumpers involved get paidwhere's the flaw in this?
Seems kind of obvious