What are some good coins to be slowly accumulating right now?
Im gunna tell you what im doing.
LTC/ REQ/ RCN/ ARK/ DGB/ NEO/ SALT/ VTC/ DOGE
OMG / LSK / NEO / LINK
FUN all day err day
/VTC/
OMG, Ark, Eth
ARK, LTC, VTC
You don't "accumulate" if you're a poorfag.
You just buy it when you think it is going to move.
Accumulation happens when people buy on a support but are unwilling to push the price further.
You don't pressure the orderbook with 100 dollars.
How about if I have $4000?
Treat Monero like you would Bitcoin.
It is your store of profits.
When you take profits, park them in Monero.Treat LINK as your undervalued moonshot, accumulate as much as you can while it's under the radar.
Once it moons, park some in Monero.Also BLOCK, because it's going to win the DEX race and be huge.
MBRS
XMR, LTC, ARK,
If you could go back wouldn't you accumulate as much ethereum as possible in the single digits?
As opposed to chasing random moon missions.
POSW.
I'm not even going to sit here shilling it.
It's price, market cap and roadmap do the talking.
BTC, XMR, OMG
What if I have $10,000 worth of crypto to use?Should $1000 to $2000 of it be going into each coin I think has a chance to moon?
4332755That's not accumulation.
You're just buying it.
"A price range in which investors typically purchase shares of a particular stock.
The accumulation area is determined by looking at the volume and its corresponding price.
It appears as a rectangle with a price line bouncing up and down between the upper and lower limits.
According to technical analysts, stocks that hit the accumulation area presents an opportunity to buy because it is expected to attract more demand.
"In my experience I prefer to watch what is rising on volume.
Accumulation periods on crypto are a meme.
Keep an eye on the 2nd and 3rd pages on Bittrex ordered by volume.
If someone is out of place, look into that.
VTC, NAV and Qtum
>not accumulating RLCcome on now
IOTA
What abut DOGE, does it worth mining?
Omg
SALT OMG NEO LISK IOTA
BCH.Be fearful when the others are greedy and be greedy when the others are fearful.
NEO ETP BCC
I'd say omisego for sure, and ark.
I think ODN may take off as well but it's far more risky and I may just be a deluded bag holder.
Power Ledger (POWR)Project starts beta testing early 2018, price will stay pretty steady until then.
Currently ~0.20$ but I expect $1.50+ within 6 months
4332441Stratis
BTC..shit's gonna be worth millions in decades but already 100k+ in a few years....
LTC
comfydo, hst, flip, dice, ether, btc,