What do you guys think about 0x and wtc
Shitcoins.
WTC might actually become the next NEO in 2018.
Why not NULS?
There are aspects of NEO in that it can be a platform, aspects of WTC, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of VEN as they provide an anti-counterfeiting protocol.
All of those features are already present in their parent chain.Inchain 2.0.
And they have some kind of deal with a huge Chinese payroll and accounting firm, apparently.
Nuls seems more of a shill coin
ok buddy.
well good luck with whatever shitcoin you settle on then.
x is a godcoin.
There are so many good projects being built on the protocol.Idk much about wtc.
Super high marketcap so I'd probably just bet on mod or ambrosus to give me supply chain gains instead.
True.
WTC>NEOJesus christ do you know what you are talking about at all?
WTC does a completely different thing from NEO.Metaverse, ETP, might become the next NEO in 2018 (I seriously think it will), but not Walton.
NEO for domestic and pacificETP for Eurofags
While doing research, I saw some smartcontracts that are built on top of 3 things including the 0x protocol.
But i thought it was just a protocol, not a coin.
Does this coin gain value by being used?
From whitepaper:0x will be deployed to the Ethereum blockchain with a fixed supply of protocol tokens that will be issuedto partnering dApps and future end users.
Protocol tokens will have two uses: for market participants topay transaction fees to Relayers and for decentralized governance over updates to the protocol.
Decen-tralized governance will be used to securely integrate updates into 0x protocol according to the processshown in Figure 4.
Initially, a simple multi-signature contract will be used for decentralized governanceuntil a more sophisticated DAO is developed.
0x protocol and its native token will not impose unecessarycosts on users, seek rent or extract value from Relayers.
The protocol’s smart contracts will be publiclyaccessible and completely free to use.
No mechanisms will be put in place to benefit one group at theexpense of another.So the biggest usage that will cause price growth is it being used for payment for information.
For example the payment for a decentralized exchange to update the app you use with information about new buy and sell orders as well as expired/canceled/fulfilled ones.
implying any of these shitcoins will matter, ever
implying that Decentralised exchanges won't be the only thing that saves crypto from being artificially inflated a.k.a.
Bitfinex + Tether
Why?Here is an answer :AirWaterIceSteam
Here is my response:OneBeltOne RoadAddendum:Stay Poor Faggot