now that i bought, not keeping this one quiet anymore.The token is PBL and only on EtherDelta right now, but according to the slack should be on Cryptopia later today and more to come soon, the team is trying to get on binance.Publica is a decentralized publishing platform, so there is no censorship, lower costs to consumers, and all the proceeds go straight to the producer.
Producers can even run their own mini-ICOs for future projects.
Right now the focus is on books, and authors can even continue to be paid when books are re-sold since it's in the blockchain record.The ERC20 protocol will be used instead of the typical EULA licensing agreements.This would also allow people to lend and give books to friends, which current ebooks do not allow on platforms like Kindle, because the books are YOUR PROPERTY.CEO is Josef Marc, plenty to Google on him.
He led the launch of DirecTV and Verizon Fios, worked for Sony etc.
Big name.CTO owns Scandiweb (largest ecommerce service provider) with clients like Walmart, Reuters, NYT, Sephora, etc.~Under $5mil mcap~ICO brought in ~$1.4mil (.0002 pbl/eth price)~tokens were created less than 24 hours ago, so still early~17mil tokens in ciruclation, 34mil total"Gutenberg's Press Reinvented on the Blockchain"DYOR: www.publica.io
when i said slack, i meant telegram*
This coin is going to explode but it's not time to buy in yet
why do you say that?
it's so early, bound to grow in the long term
This shit will do x2 tomorrow easy

Also, there was initial fud with this coin launch.
So all weak hand already out, and it's still x3 from ICO.
Shows strength.
Good exchange will do mirrance with this one.
Just look at hst, x2 just from kucoin and lifecoin

>https://www.docdroid.net/iMljdko/novedition.pdf
keep falling.
x coin!
Got in very cheap today.
To the moon & beyond!!!!!!!!!!!
Buy buy buy!!!
Publica team is very strong, with Scandiweb (150+ developers) behind them, the development pace would be lightning fast.
Market cap is absolutely tiny and have a big room to grow.
Po.et is the competition and raised 10M$, this can still do 2-3x to even reach to 10M$ MC.
Strong buy.
Volume on ED according to CMC is slowly creeping up.
Good sign.
Need to pick up more definetely an easy 10x.
Do you I should buy now or wait for a dip?
Another Confido woot.
https://www.smithandcrown.com/sale/publica/Smith And Crown's detailed review on publica is impressive.
yeah, that first part about x20, not that last thing...
bought at 86. pls buy
I think I'm gonna buy more down here.
Its still on sale.
I'm doubling up now, this will go parabolic soon
Avoid this coin.
Everyone is shilling it cuz they bought in at the insanely high prices during the start yesterday.
They got owned, and now it's going down to 0.0005.Don't fall for their shilling and wait until the weekend to buy.
By then it's been dumped af.Look at the PBL team, they have 3 members, and only 1 can code.
The CEO isn't even a tech guy and has the profile pic of a trust scammer.It's confido all over again.
They don't even have a working product.U wanna get burned like with LINK and REQ?
I mean this shit didn't even hit the exchanges today like OP said.It's literally 100% shill.
Just avoid it.Basically: No devs, no exchanges, no real team.
They only raised $450,000 -- that's not enough for development.
It's a trust scam yo.Don't end up like confido.
nice FUD namefag>I mean this shit didn't even hit the exchanges today like OP said.What are timezones?
Token exists less than 24 hours what do you expect bro, instant 500000% fucking kids
so u basically have no valid points to refute mine except for calilng me FUD and fag.
niceeee.
People will by your shill now.You're stuck with bags u need to drop.
You lost 50% live with it.I don't care about the timezone.
OP said today was exchange day.
It's already the end of the day in the West, and in China it would've been announced/added by now.But it wasn't.Just'd.
If you were there yesterday, you know you could buy this coin at 0.0005, many did.
SO there's no point in stupid shilling.This post is just to increase awareness of project.
Everybody must do their own research.
You're right about the working product.Most of these products only need one dev.The difference between Confido and Publica is that one of the team members can and most likely will get fucked up ( Antons Sapriko ) if they pull an exit scam.
The dude is out in the open promoting the product.
It's trading around 2.5x ico price right now
Look at the PBL team, they have 3 members, and only 1 can code.
The CEO isn't even a tech guy and has the profile pic of a trust scammer.Implying they are three college kids who came up with Publica in a basement.
Those three members you see in the whitepaper are the main people you faggot.
The CEO of Publica launched DirectTV and Verizon FIOS.
He OWNS Scandlweb which has over 100 devs at his disposal.
Fuck off with your FUD.
Ideas are cheap guys.
Implementation is difficult as it required strong team.
Why I invested in Publica, reason is the team, check this out:CEO Josef Marc previously lead teams in the launch of DirecTV and at Sony to build two Olympics broadcast centers for CBS.CTO Yuri Pimenov has been an active participant in the blockchain community for years.
He is known for translating Andreas Antonopoulos’ “Mastering Blockchain” into Russian.
Most recently he was the CTO of Paybis, a bitcoin exchange that launched in 2017.COO Anton Sapriko is a leader at Scandiweb, an ecommerce service provider that has had Walmart, Jaguar, Land Rover, and The New York Times as clients.
In July 2017 he and his teams worked with Element Group to launch ICOs for smart contract and blockchain apps.
man im getting JUSTed by this shit hardshould sold when it hit $0.40
this could easily go down to 0.0002
why?
anything can go to 0
Depth.
Buy orders are so thin
low cap, 24 hrs coin, not on exchanges, under radar for most people... and you want it to be instantly most demanded coin out there?
When people will find it, research it and understand it's good, then it will be too late to get in.
Price already will be too high
CTO Yuri Pimenov??!?
!Google his name and you'll realize he already died XD.U shillers with ur bags lol.I'm sorry you got rekt, but hey?
You're autist, so it was bound to happen.Some PnD groups already left the scene, called it a super sonic buy and flip.
You're the ones who bought their bags.Just go around the telegram circles and discord crypto groups.
They targeted it because of the greed and left because they knew it wasn't viable.
Low market cap?
Low funding?No one else on their team has any kind of history, if they're even real people.The CEO is the only one who might be legit, but who knows if he's even really part of their team or if it's the same Josef Marc?
There are no voice interviews with him or press releases.And you really wanna believe this youtube video with the fake Russian accent:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BJIOgjvA_s
Goodle search didnt get me his death.
Pls elaborate.
Where did you find that dude died?
Yuri Pimenov (1903-1977) was a prominent Soviet painter.
only 3 members>he doesn't understand the difference between chief officers and regular employeesLmao you guys really are unemployed neets
Are f kiddin?!?!
Yeah there was painter with the same name, and?
Also, you want to say all these people from PBL team dead too (pic related) ?
he doesn't understand the difference between chief officers and regular employeesSo they're paying multiple REGULAR /unlisted/ employees who might as well be imaginary, out of a $450k funding?
So are they pajeets working for $10k a year.LMAO ur bags are shit.
load up!
I'm buying the dip.
Few know of Publca's potential.
One to look out for.
Let'd go Publica!
be warned.if it doesn't hit exchanges within 12 hours, then you know this whole thread is shill shit.
Be out tomorrow if that's the case.I can't point anything more out to idiots who dont listen.Confido part 2.
Publica in a few minutes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5hRdj4fAU8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6se1Bx_aycIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1HL1LRu9ucNotable information:Strong team: Publica CEO Josef led the launch of DirectTV and Verizon FIOS TV.
Publica CEO owns Scandiweb (largest ecommerce service provider, around 100+ developers) with clients that include Walmart, Thomson Reuters, The New York Times, Peugot, Sephora, AfterPay, Jysk & many moreIdea: Publica is not a dApp.
It is a complete publishing platform, making, publicizing, reading, writing books.
Decentralized automation of publishing industry.
Authors will even be able to do tiny ICOs to fund their (upcoming) books from existing fans / supporters.Prototype: MVP to be released within 3-4 weeks after the ICO, strategic decision to jump up the price after the token releases, giving early investors and buyers a chance to gain some ROI on their investment.Tokens: First time ever ERC20 protocol will be used as an access key to replace EULA and various types of book Licenses.APIs: Solution under experiment to connect IPFS, Storj, Sia, MaidSafe and upcoming Filecoin, EOS and eventually Swarm for Ethereum.Other links:https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/can-publica-become-ethereum-book-publishing-industry/https://www.docdroid.net/iMljdko/novedition.pdfWeak FUD.
Exchanges lists on their own volition.
It's not set in stone that it will be tomorrow (whatever OP says).
Volume is good on ED, it was on 2th and 3th place by volume.
So exchanges will come.
And wtf dude, how much fake fud you wanna spread even to call people dead.
Shit man, that's sick
He wants cheap PBL and is using FUD to achieve this.
I don't even know why this is on biz.
Publica is honestly too good to be on here.
Fools on biz will never appreciate something as legit and unique as Publica.
ex changes 12h muh, cfd pt.
2 muhgift u fag, there is a screenshot of the team saying it will get cryptopia soon.
try to read between the lines doesn't even consider cryptopia a real exchange tho, you fuckin pajeet!stay poor!
This shit will blow up tomorrow.
Easy 10x.
No competition!
I'll buy in after dumps anon, my bags are all tied up rn.
I can feel your tears thru the screen.Sorry about your 50+% loss.
It's at 0.0004 now.Sorry man, hope you're ok?
Exchange didn't happen, u made a poor trading decision.Now get justed like the scum you are
desperately FUDing>take me srs brah
how we can understand this project is scam:1) devs withdraw money from ico-address2) a lot of pumpers (i`ll think) they buy with ico price trying to hype it everywhere!
2) github is almost empty, just a 1 user deploy default smart contract
i can't even find the github
4533474nvm i'm retarded found it
Wow, one of the biggest pajeet FUD attempts I've seen.
100% buy indicator, we're going to the moon boyos!
Man im getting fucked hard by this
https://etherscan.io/token/tokenholderchart/0x55648de19836338549130b1af587f16bea46f66bTeam funds are untouched and locked at 45%.
GTFO with your fud.
>Bought at 0.001 ETHJUST.
Honestly the only reason this got my attention was because of some report that called Confido 10xing, it was called Harvest Moon Reports or something which I'd love to subscribe to but cannot see it exist anywhere on Google.
Anyone able to figure them out?
don't know what harvest moon report is, blue pick had them as pick of the month tho: https://www.docdroid.net/iMljdko/novedition.pdf