REQ will moon bigly when they release ANYTHINGcap this
Yeah, I'm betting 3-5x ICO price after their first release.
yeah me too haha
If it releases before OMG, we'll see the first big competing-alt-coin flippenings.
colossus in two weeks
lol no one even pays in crypto, why would anyone use this?
even if you wanted payment in eth youd just be like yo heres my address send me eth
this works with fiat too
Once they implement oracles, you'll be able to receive payment in almost anything.
why did they need blockchain?
or did they just want free ICO money?
Have you seen the Roadmap for OMG?
In 2018 they are releasing a shitty wallet and some shitty milestones that have no specified date.
i put money in this only because the team is so good about communication and updatesits also the only reason i havent sold my DNT bags.character is importantits also why i just dumped my link bags what the FUCK is wrong with them
i agree, it'll be a cathartic moment
fiat?
you mean real money?why not just use credit card or paypal lolthere are better options out there alreadyoracles are just an novel idea at this point with no ETA if anyexactlyICOs do nothing but pay for these people's retirement
paypal>betterthose fees aren't better m8
Low feesInstantAuditedAccounting platformRating system so you can avoid scams> fiat is fineSure
sure would be nice if there was some decentralized platform out there to make payments so i dont have to reveal private information and have to trust a third party to maintain their security systems...
You brainlets, this will literally be 0.1% fees for fiat compared to paypals 5% for merchants as it uses blockchain for transactions.This could literally become the biggest mainstream crypto.test version of product is out in around 4 weeks, main version in around 10-12 weeks
with those fees your also getting customer service and account security.
I can easily dispute a charge on paypal... with request once I send my eth its gone and I have to trust the other person wont rip me off.
seems better to mepaypal does all of that already thoplus a 3%-5% fee is not a lot to most people
trust the other person wont rip me offyeah that what LINK is forDECENTRALIZED ORACLES
Man, these cavemen in these threads debating the technology are so cringy, I bet you still use paper in your office.
Stickers
Where did you get these dates from?
genuine question, want to invest but want to know when to expect things
This shit is taking way too long to moon.
I've bought 2k of it like a month ago, fucking passive coin.
I'm not selling anyway but holy fuck am I getting impatient
It hasn't actually released anything yet dude why the fuck would it moon now.
been out a month>WAH WAH I WANT MY LAMBO NOW MOMMYgod damn have some patience anon
Because I'm losing a lot of moon missions and that gets me thinking.
I've lost the spikes on NEO ETH and POWR, just to mention some.
I'm actually not entirely sure this will break the 0.5 cents barrier, let alone the 1$.
daytrading scumdisgusting
Woah, I'm not expecting a Lamborghini with 2k REQ, but I haven't made any money with it, even if I had daytrade it I don't think I could make it 3k because the coin isn't that stable
I don't daytrade it nigga.
Enjoy your bags
I wish REQ/LINK teams would actually do shit like this.
People seem to think the OMG guy actually hyping his product is a bad thing.
He makes me want to invest in OMG because he actually promotes.
but with too much hype is the product doesn't deliver on it it'll crash and burn
Comfiest here, the team is bery professional, communicates really well and has great vision and the know how to implement it.
Now they just have to deliver, and everything else they do inspires confidence.
customer service>account securityYou must forget how easy it is to scam on PayPal, not to mention the shit customer service it has.
With funds being locked up for months/years.Also, Request will be adding refund options later, and will have a trust system.3-5% isn't a lot for most people, but for big businesses, it's a huge amount.Not to mention the number of average people now that would like to buy shit with their crypto gains but can't using PayPal...The roadmap.
Test net launch this quarter, main net launch q1 of 2018.
-5% to receive your own money and be at the mercy of chargebacks that are always settled on the side of the customer sounds good to you?
Please, never start a business anon.
Difference between promoting and overly-hyping.
Those partnership tweets are months old, but nothing to show for it as of yet.
i'm sure they are in talks, but there's absolutely no reason a company should tease things months in advance.
I doubt that the coin of that name (REQ) is to have a future.
I invest only in time-tested coins as the Diamond (DMD)
How much do you think this coin will be worth when they deliver on Q1 2018?
An realistic estimate.
Go shill your shit somewhere else rakeesh faggot.
it'll probably crash when it comes out cause this market is fucking stupid3 cents
Depends on how the alt market is.
But I can assure you, this can easily 5x+ during an alt bull run.
Goople
For the guy asking about dates, lookat the website link below, scroll down to roadmap click on each circle for details.They are actually ahead of it now, websites for Requests will be up this year.https://request.network/#/
Anything?Don't they release an update, like, every two weeks?
implying they have an office/are employedoverestimating this place bud
Such horrible test taste it’s disgusting to be on the same website as you
Yea but where did he/you pull the “4 weeks” figure.
AFAIK it could drop on us next Friday or two weeks from that
I made thr 4 weeks comment, i think thats conservative and testnet will be up before that as they are a talented team who have been working on this before the ico, thats why they are ahead of the roadmap.
I wish this coin could hit 1$ by Q1 2018.
It's not so impossible but from what I've noticed, it doesn't seem a milestone so reachable.
This coin is better than 80% of the alts
this market doesn't care if you have the second coming of Christ in cryptocurrency formthey only care if its hyped
Antshares was out for months before it got hyped.This has been out for 3 weeks.Zoom out of those charts a little.Nobody makes lifechanging money chasing pumps.Buy the promising coins early.
Words of wisdom.Too many ADHD-riddled 18 year olds on here, looking for 10x pumps to grow their $128 worth of capital.
cap your mom...cap this
Agreed.
This coin will take some patience but if you've been DCA'ng and accumulating you will be rewarded.
Don't let the memes get to you just pretend this coin doesn't exist.
This has to be one of the anonymous bag holding meetings?
How can you still pretend everything is fine?
And some guys here are even predicting a X5.
Oh god.
Some of us can look beyond the current price to see the value Request will hold in future.If you don't understand the use case that's fine, but a lot of us do and are holding comfortably.
Even the top rated comments on todays topic on the biggest reddit crypto has req as top of the list of 10x coins next year.Maybe listen to the intelligent posters for once and have your life changed for the better.https://www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/7dv9zg/_/
if>if>ifIf my pee was poo, I could shit standing up
This would be a better response if the OP had actually used the word "if".
basic comprehension retard.
This entire thread is based around an if
Crypto is one big IF, we are all speculating on what we know at the moment.How many finished products are out there used by the masses in crypto?
Bitcoin accepted for payments, that's IT right now.The thread in crypto reddit is just a bigger version of anonymous bagholders than here.
Nothing to see there, only random projects with random predictions.
Hope so, theae ico bags are heavy as fuck
Anon, BTC is accepted now but it still is an IF.
I believe in crypto and the blockchain but BTC is still speculative and far from a sure thing.
These are all random projects with random predictions, but REQ has one of the top use cases by the masses, and their product is ready q1 2018.Icombinator INVITED them to their program, both them and ing backed them financially.
random projects with random predictionsyes that’s what it looks like when you’re a complete fucking idiot and the level of your tech expertise is taking dumps on this board
What would be REQ's value if it completely replaced PayPal?
if it replaced paypal and had its marketcap and kept same coin circ then 150 dollars a coin.But since it will burn coins and if it ended up with paypals level of business through it, 10x less coins at a minimum, so 1500 dollars a coin.
YYUUUUUGGGGEEE
and had its marketcapAnon.
I know elementary school math.
I am asking about the market cap.
Would it have the same valuation as PayPal?
Of course not.
Would it be higher or lower and why?
anon, I dont know crystal ball skills, its a dumb question.Who knows.
You don't need a crystal ball.
An educated guess can be made as long as we have enough data to input.
E.g.
we can take the number of PayPal transactions and perhaps calculate what kind of fair valuation would REQ have at these numbers.
I'll use REQ the moment it comes out.think about all the pajeets and third worlders getting paid with REQ for doing outsourced work.this is going to be HUUUUUUUUUUUUGE.
Going to be huge for sure for freelance work alone
REQ IS MOONIN BOYSGET IN
OMG out 4 months, cant even make a wallet, req out 4 weeks, nearly ready to release product lolhttps://twitter.com/RequestNetwork/status/932211192810164224
it has a ton of use cases.
if they deliver just one of all the possible use cases it's already a huge fucking thing.Buying REQ now is like buying OMG when it tanked to -40% after ICO.The only difference is that these people actually have a product ready in a month and with OMG you have to wait a fucking year.
getting FOMO, it'll still dip down to ~0.045, r-right?
needs to be somewhere other than Binance, with volume.
Also that they don't have the money skeleton as an advisor so they can't piggyback for crazy gains the same way
Made me watch.
It is still at stinky 5c
Still down nearly 30% from ICO price.
Weeeee mooooooning
I have 2k of this.... A-a-am I gonna make it?
Time for the dip and the chance to buy round 2
Why is it going back up?
MOON
PayPal fucked me last year for $8,000 just because the "product" I was selling was digital.
Obvious scammers would dispute the transaction with their CC rinse and repeat.
PayPal never even questioned it.
The NAZI fucks even locked up my account because of the percentage of transactions.
FUCK those motherfuckers.
ANYthing that HURTS them even a little is all right by me.
And Back back down
Yes.
But they shouldn't list until there is a product.
Listing on a major exchange with nothing is bad for credibility.
We don't want to be the next OMG.
I want to be the next OMG.
Get out of this board pajeet
wait until they at least have a product on the testnet
It's not about products or github codes.
The whole crypto world is about speculation and hype.
The Test net is already priced in and will just lead into a quick pnd
muh priced in>only about hypeso why don't I just make a coin and just make shit up so it pumps real high then dump it on all the plebs that bought in?
Perfect, you have understand the world of the crypto.
Only problem is, Nobody will buy without propper locking period.
Fenzy website and project idea and some paid advisors.
But will work for sure