Anyone who has a life might not have noticed how hard Core shills are hitting.
Obviously it's retarded because their impact isn't going to move the market in any way, but it's happening anyway.The original narratives started getting repetitive and predicable, and it started having the effect of showing people that they are fucking liars and pushing them towards the light.The latest narrative they're using to pathetically try save their asses is "Yes BCH price is moving, but it won't be a flippening.
"All the flags are there signalling parity or flippening this weekend.
Make your own decisions trading this, but you've been warned.
I personally saw the signs from $600, and went 50% in.
Took profits at 1500, then rebought at 1000, this time certain that the cycle will complete.
It really doesn't matter it if flips this week, or next, or next month.
The point remains anyone who thinks BTC core has some chance of winning this fight is deluded.
Yawn.
Come back when you're remotely close to the price.
See you tomorrow then
anybody that sells now btc drops a free dividend
falling this easily for a PND
Stfu, its the BCH shills like you who are getting on everyones faces.
Those who support core are pretty siilent unless pushed.
Also sure BTC might dip but only because it is due for a correction and not because public trust has shifted to BCH.
Fucking BCH doesnt even have segwit and will never have it so its future is moot and has zero scaling potential.
There are no core shills, BTC isn't something that needs to be shilled for.
We already have a fuck load of money, and we're not sweating the 10 millionth zomg it's over for BTC FUD narrative.
Cashtards however are spamming their threads desperately looking for greater fools.
He thinks a handful of views on /biz actually makes any real difference
OP you're pump narratives are going to suffer from diminishing returns, fair warning.
being this madits delicious
ignore the blatant pnd we pulled two weeks ago, please fall for this scam again!if people fall for this shit when it's this obvious, there's no hope for humanity
hah, Yeah.
Look how deluded you sound.
Exact same shit that last time as you bought at ATH.
Then went quiet as you cried over your losses.
Roger, do you really think this works here?
nice retort
Biz has become nothing but pajeets, shills and ultra brainlets.
Let them get dumped on again.
It was fun to watch bch tank more than 50% in under 5 minutes last time.
where's that screencap from?
roger with a mad face
Checked for a zinga
4530007100% clear to everyone that scum pajeet shills aren't even invested or able to support anything that comes out of their mouths.
When are you retarded faggots going to stop with this bs?
nobody cares about your shitcoin.
just made $30k on BCH in 48 hoursholyshit.jpg
hahahahahhahahahahahhahahahhahahhahaha crypto is all shitcoins.
shitcoin core is so shit that shitcoin cash has managed to draw $20bn from it without even trying...you know except for actually being a working coin.
fuck off.
bitcoin has been co-opted by people who wants to make it work exactly like banks do.
off-chain transactions?
100usd fees are okay according to core devs.BTC will stagnate.
BCH will take over.
It's from that clip with the horrible acting where he pretends to give a shit about dead durka children.
Roger is basically a sociopath.>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uq7iFvMhno
nice quads, flippening confirmed
What a joke, the volume tells the whole story.
FUD harder.Just bought 100k BTC
fuck off.
bitcoin has been co-opted by people who wants to make it work exactly like banks do.
off-chain transactions?
100usd fees are okay according to core devs.BTC will stagnate.
BCH will take over.
Can you elaborate how BCH plans to scale without Segwit then since you hate off chain layers so much.
BCH will take over.it will not, you fucker, and you know it.
look im not on board the cash train (imo if you didn't get in sub 1k you missed the boat) because this is my first year filing day trading taxes (lurker since 2010, made k in 2013, hodler since 2014) so I'm keeping my activity on one exchange (gdax).BUTI don't know why cashies aren't spreading segwit FUD.
the problem with bitcoin today isn't scaling or hashrate or anything.
It's potential security holes with segwit.BFX/Tether is a prettty big issue, but its going to come down on eth and alts much more than its going to affect bitcoin.
bitcoin has great support at 1k-2k so it wont fall more than 2/3rds.
Many of these alts are going to fall by infinity.
You guys haven't seen it happen .
.
.
you think bagholding means being stuck at -33%.
Yeah, the CME is totally gonna drop BTC and go with a shitcoin that copied a success story...
mb blocks bro
BCH has shills putting up fucking flyers on telephone poles.
It's pathetic.You're a centralized shitcoin run by criminals and liars.
A felon, fauxtoshi and a guy who acts like he has rabies.I normally hate when other people lose money but I'm approaching the point of not caring with you idiots.
Either you're really this dumb or you're being paid.
reminder that biz has always been and always will be standing behind core.only gullible people buy into the bitchcoin scam.bow to the king plebs.
99% win games are literally FREE money.
The returns aren't much each time, but as long as you only do it 40-50 times you're pretty much guaranteed to come out ahead.
If you want to try the one I've been using it's at this address: 12PXS543MJPRKqvp4uAeG88bwuAZR31Jm3
maybe the segwit heist is supposed to be the bubble bursting sneak attack when we hit peak ripeness.
maybe i'm messing with the plan by spilling this nowdont care im a lone wolf wildcard :P
U srs?
Even an amateur dev can do that.
How can it truly scale?
It's from that clip with the horrible acting where he pretends to give a shit about dead durka children.
Roger is basically a sociopath.What's utterly fucking ASTOUNDING about this bullshit act is that the guy did time in prison for selling explosives through the mail, a crime that easily could have killed innocent people.
He doesn't give a shit about anyone else.
He's a scam artist looking to make money.If anyone praises, what's his name, Craig Wright?
Craig Anderson?
...for fleeing the US to evade taxes by unironically saying "taxation is theft", maintain maximum distance.
fuck off.
bitcoin has been co-opted by people who wants to make it work exactly like banks do.
off-chain transactions?
100usd fees are okay according to core devs.BTC will stagnate.
BCH will take over.
How can it truly scale?Oh you meant TRULY scale....thought you just mean scale.
I've literally never had a transaction sit in the mempool.
Unless you are fomo or fudding there is no network congestion.
There have been spam attacks coordinated with psyops, creating short term periods of traffic.
But you shouldn't be moving bitcoin in a panic anyway, you should be moving everything else to get bitcoin.
If you don't see the panic coming and move first you are already halfway through waiting it out.
Yeah.
There are legimate concerns with ultra large (100MB+) blocks right, right now, but using those concerns to stop 2MB-8MB now is just a shill game to make Blockstream as profitable as soon as possible.
BCH is the future, but it's not gonna be as soon as you think
Nonsense.
Roger is an empathetic soul who is looking out for the little guy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0
holy shit dem microexpressions
Satoshi talked about this.
When the time comes for 100mb blocks, it won't be an issue.
"The existing Visa credit card network processes about 15 million Internet purchases per day worldwide.
Bitcoin can already scale much larger than that with existing hardware for a fraction of the cost.
It never really hits a scale ceiling.
If you're interested, I can go over the ways it would cope with extreme size.
By Moore's Law, we can expect hardware speed to be 10 times faster in 5 years and 100 times faster in 10.
Even if Bitcoin grows at crazy adoption rates, I think computer speeds will stay ahead of the number of transactions."
4530458yeah.
blocksize is a non-issue.
core shills are herding the sheep but sooner or later they'll wake the fuck up.
especially once the unconfirmed tx number pile up more each time.
tfw motorola and givi are both dead