If you're not holding this, you're gonna have a bad time
im currently holding two in my hands>pic related is me
Buying a thousand next week when I have some fiat spare.
lewd
333TRIPS CONFIRM
Super comfy with my RCN bag
it's gonna be $1 by christmas boys
4290343damn right
This is the third day of rcn shilling
I'm hodling it and I'm having a bad time.
G-Good times coming soon?
Shill me.
Bought in at 2K and reached stop at 1850.
Convince me to put 2 BTC in this.
i cant find it in the list?what is this ckin valled?
333333Need I say more?
Double triple trips of truth, my man
1.5k satoshi buy in holder all comfy
what is so good about this coin?
Any upcoming news?
I thought there was only one in DEC.
4291468This coin has huge potential due to it's existing consumer base (millions of customers already that can be adopted).
There is an organized dump going on to bring the price to 1500 sats, expect a lot of FUD during next week, will easily hit 1500 due to this scare right now, I'm accumulating at 1550.
It can easily be adopted by tons of people in countries with failing currencies (can you think of any?
cough cough south america ones) This will most likely reach rank 50-100 by end of Q1 2018, last time I felt this bullish was buying walton at 80cents
Whats the token name?
RCN, don't fomo right now it will definitely drop Do some research, mainly into its existing consumer base and it's usage, someone on reddit typed up a nice how it works on /r/cryptocurrency
You are literally saying nothing besides "this has huge potential".No explanation where this potential comes.
Nothing about what is actually does.
Why it is different.
Why it is special.
Why is has three words as its name instead of one.
Poor shill.
Thanks, nice to see some honest advice.
I'll check it out.
rcn allows lenders bankers and borrowers AKA JEWS to convert local currencies and manage them in credit form easily, this is huge for countries like south america where inflation is wrecking havoc and upwards of 70% of the population has NO access to credit facilitiesDo some fucking research idiot, I know its tough but learn to google shit RCN already has a working product with over 100k users, has Fenbushi, Tim Draper, Medici Ventures, Huiyin Blockchain Ventures, Pantera Capital along with other a grade institutional investors investing in it.
Their exchange is launching NEXT week bringing another 100k.It has grown 120% in customers within a few days and is still growing.
In case you don't recgonize any investor names, one of them was Vitalik's own fund.
So yea, do your fucking research and stay poor pajeet
this marks my third day of posting here about RCN's growth potential.At this point I'm going to have to politely ask you to fuck off to the whitepaper and enjoy a light reading about the future of P2P global lendingLindl Global.......we're in everything!@!
I didn't wanna do any research that's why I asked you to do it for me.
Anyway was going to buy back around 1500.
So thx.
It's fine I was like this before but soon you will realize most people will shovel you fake information and you will get burned.
Enjoy your gains.
EVERYONE HEREDO NOT BUY NOWWAIT FOR THE PRICE TO REACH 1500-1600 and gobble up as much as you canWTC/OMG/NEO all those shitcoins are nothing compared to this
No fuck off idiot.
You literally don't get it.
YOU decide to post probably saying smth like "this has growth potential".
If YOU claim this then YOU have to back this up.
It's ridiculous and actually very dumb that you get annoyed by people like me asking YOU questions.
I am not going to waste my time and google/ investigate every coin that is shilled to me on biz.
I mean cmon, have some goddamn empathy here.
Conclusion: if you decide to shill a coin without any info then people are going to ask questions.
It's like posting a 13/10 hot chick and then get mad if people are gonna ask source.
Yes, don't fomo it, it will definitely crash
No no.
I have my own portfolio to think about.
Every no and then I get shilled on biz.
Then do research and then decide whether to buy or not.
Never buy purely on biz shills but the biz shills may spark you to do some research.
No one is obligated to give you information.
If you really can't spend 5 minutes of your time for a potential x10 you don't deserve it.
dickheadI or anyone else here doesn't owe you shiti read here three days ago that this will be huge.
so i went about educating myself because relying on other people to form opinions for me is counter-intuitive.go READ you fucking philistine, it's free you won't have to pay to access their white paper.or if you're too lazy or incompetent to understand there are 4min youtube videos about this.
4292033No.
Just no.
You guys just don't understand it.
ok white paper doesnt mean shit, look at link.
The main point is, is there any upcoming news?
Learn to read the fucking thread, its exchange being added next week and already has 250k customers despite now being up
So what you're saying is I should sell my 14,000 Waves and go all in?
or how about these philistines go for a quick 10min read and come back with some more intelligent questions so we can engage in a productive debate and perhaps ONCE JUST ONCE on this fucking board we could poke some holes and develop a better investment thesis.
don't you think this will be better than MOONING OR PUMPING OR ANNOUNCEMENT!!!
I dunno, I'm investing 10% of my portfolio at 1500 sats
thank you :) thats all i need.
So you're saying this will moon and will give me a lambo?
The market for alternate finance gained popularity in recent years.
A finding by Transparency Market Research suggests that “the opportunity in the global peer-to-peer market will be worth $897.85 billion by the year 2024, from $26.16 billion in 2015.
The market is anticipated to rise at a whopping CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] of 48.2% between 2016 and 2024.”>While Research and Markets estimates the global P2P lending market to grow at a CAGR of 53.06% during the five year period between 2016 and 2020.
Morgan Stanley in a report in 2015 predicted that such marketplace lending would command $150 billion to $490 billion globally by 2020.>http://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-rise-of-peertopeer-p2p-lending-cm685513Ripio's value is not based on a coin gimmick, the tech behind RCN is nothing special.
Ripio's value comes from the fact that it has proven people going into an industry that is sure to rise and they will start making money in the near future, not 2-3 years from now, but NEXT year.
They got many pieces ready, their roadmap ends in April for God's sake.
Nice shill.
Chapeau sir.
4292033SEE FAGGOTS!
Learn from 
what an entitled piece of shit
Nope I am not.
I just find your methodology inefficient.