I'd like to see specially what 10k+ porfolios look like nowadays.
$300> diversifyingYou're doing it all wrong boyo
Will be rich as fuck next year.
Very comfy ^ ^
I know man, my porfolio is absolute shit.
This week I'll throw 1k and move everything I have to only one altcoin.
Just go all in on POSW instead of diversifying with pennies.
I started with a similar amount of money too.
You just have to be ballsy and if it pays off then you can diversify.
I put $277 into Buzzcoin a while back and made 675% profit.
I'm 80% in on POSW now if that reassures you.
Look for coins that are around for a long time, written code, good team and good following.Stay away from young coins/ICO's.
If you gamble on one of those you have more succes going to the casino picking red or black.Btw never listen to buying advice on /biz/.
I managed to go from $1500 to $66.000.
Got about half in 1 coin and other half in fiat.Good luck anon.
Started with 12k in May, many bad daytrading and shitcoins later and im only here.
I feel terrible, If I just holden BTC the whole time I would've made more.Don't invest in memes or just cuz theres a lot of shilling.
Do your own research and decide if the project is worth it.
Thanks anon.
I'll look into POSW.
The fact that you're 80% in it says more than any shilling.
And make sure the coin is working towards an actual real life product that is better than what exists today!!
Something that normies/companies will use
I had more BCC but I sold it.
After it dumped after the fork, I bought more BCC in the 300ish dollar range because I figured it could pump at least once.
sup 70k portfolio here.just made 20k off of bch (bought in .08 or so and sold on the way up)right now I'm almost in pure USDT.
and I have a small bag of ADA
No problem.
watching ARK but not holding anyJUST
Well any good portfolio has DGB in it...
When did u buy?
He's doing it right
I like this advice, and I'd use that rule to any long time holdings.
If I expect a coin to live for at least 3 years in the future, I'd look for one that has at least 3 years of life.
This applies to most technologies in fact.But isn't the big bucks in young coins/ICO's?
I'd hope that even the worst ICO is better than just betting red in the casino.
Whole portfolio is shitcoinsAre you even trying lad?
My advice isn't shilling though, for the record.
POSW is a good coin, with a new dev team, small market cap and releasing updates up to the end of the year.
I'm not going to tell someone who only has 300$ to buy a shitty coin.
Even if it were shilling, it'd be pointless.
His money would be a drop in the ocean.
I'm not going to tell someone who only has 300$ to buy a shitty coin.
Even if it were shilling, it'd be pointless.
His money would be a drop in the ocean.>not even enough money to be shilled withT-thanks anonBut seriously, I believe you.
21.5k investment.
Dabbled with about 5k in late August but lost half due to buying a post pump shitcoins like DNT and believing the HODL memes.Dumped in another 16.5k in Oct and have slowly gotten better at understanding what coins will truly pump, what coins are pnd’s and when to get in, and what coins are unlikely to lose 15%+ during turbulence like LINK, which held me steady through both forks despite never holding BTC.
Peaked at 30.5k two days ago before BCH shitshow gave me a ~15% JUST.
Change to portfolio is that i’ll be putting about 10-15 ETH into REQ soon, thinking that it continues to fall through tomorrow so waiting.That’ll put me at 75% Altcoins and this is all of my non-retirement savings/is definitely a relatively high risk portfolio, although diversification moderates it.
Logic is that i’m 24 and make 125k so i can afford to lose this, and if so i wont come back.Will post actual blockfolio ratios as a response
*unlike coins like LINK
whats your job?
Damn I wish I had that much to put into request.
I have about 4.5eth in it since way below ICO price.
I'm sitting at a nice profit though and I want more.
I think it will go up quite a bit in December with the release.
Another thing is, I don't see a lot of request threads here so that make me feel better.
I learned my lesson the hard way and realize that most coins shilled here are about to dump.
Tech sales.
And not in SF or NYC getting shreked on COL so living dat dere top 1% for age group life.
But actually I live the same as when I made 50k and now i just shove my cash into shitcoins.REQ is shilled all day, but per my above comment, I work in tech and am very familiar with YC.
Ignoring the EXTREMELY AGGRESSIVE memeing, i do believe that being a YC portfolio company puts REQ above 90% of the top 100 shitcoins because YC is truly a prestigious incubator and they don't fuck around.
Generally that philosophy dictates a lot of my investments so far, so you won't see me in coins like DNT anymore.
On my current portfolio, i think CFD is a sham, but i think it will pump up to around $1 one more time and I have a sell order there.
I also don't really believe in MOD but i think it'll go up, might throw in a few more ETH as soon as BCH starts to dump.Likewise, though a lot of people think TRX is a shitcoin and the founder is definitely a bit eccentric on twitter, his background is really prestigious and that makes me more confident in him than most other teams again.
My calls for the next 2 weeks (this is assuming the BCH things blows over, which I don't know will be true) made in USD ranges.
The second number is what i think it will peak at and where i've got sitting sell orders on each.DOVU: $.26 - $.34CFD: $.35 - .50 but sell order at $.95 (shitcoin)LRC: $.18 - .22TRX: $.26 - .32MOD: $2.40 - $3.00VEN: $.26 - $.28
I like your analysis anon.Is REQ the only coin backed by Y Combinator?
Is there any other incubator that you check on?
I only really follow what YC is doing, but other prestigious incubators are 500Startups and Techstars, although they spew out a lot more companies than YC and I'm not as bullish about them.
I think the tech world is going to make a big entry into blockchain in 2018 and crush out a lot of these existing altcoins with smarter teams, better strategy, and better backing.
Interest in blockchain is growing rapidly in both the tech world and in top business schools, so I expect to see the first wave of "traditional" tech founders moving into blockchain in 2018.As such, I don't really believe in HODLing.
Sure, inevitably, assuming the whole cryptomarket doesn't pop like it did in 2013 (which is a possibility you have to be okay with), a few of the existing top 100 coins will explode, but most will not, and I don't know how to make a call on which will be there and which won't.
I think the biggest mistake that most people make right now is actually believing that any of these companies are going to change the world - sorry, but there are going to be much smarter people with smarter backing, experience, vision, and execution coming into the market soon and they are going to crush it.Don't get too emotionally attached to any coin is my take.
If you're going to HODL, only look at foundational coins like ETH and BTC.
In the shorter term, don't try and daytrade, but be willing to make moves frequently.
In addition, don't be afraid to exit at a loss on coins if you believe that other coins will move aka think opportunity cost.
And i don't mean that in an emotional way, which is how most on biz are hemorrhaging money.
An example of this was as soon as I saw the news for WTC missing their roadmap goals I exited to ETH immediately at a slight lossI still think WTC is one of the better coins out there and it will regain it's position, but you have to be an emotional idiot to have seen that news, knowing this market, and thinking HODL would make sense imo.
just went all in on EBET myself.doesn't look amazing yet but in a month or two my patience will be rewarded..
I'm 70% MOD right now and 30% BTC
bullshit.ask me how i know.
You don't know so I won't ask.Meanwhile I just hold onto my syscoins.
Very interesting.
Seems like you really know what you're doing.I guess the gist of what you're saying is:- before investing in a coin check its team, its strategy and who's backing them- try not to hold, but if you're going to hold only ETH or BTC- don't get overly emotional on one coin and be willing to make moves, even on a loss- crypto might pop and you have to be okay with it- best coins are not even out yetI'll try following this advice.