>crypto is going to crash next week when americans kill net neutrality AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
In the USA atleast
 Land of the free> can't even use bitcoinLOL
net neutralityGo back to plebbit normie
if you don't think this is one of the biggest issues of the past years then you need to leave the internet
you need to leave the internetNewfag get the fuck out this isn't your website.
americans are genuinely irrelevant in the crypto marketgood riddance
wud?
I shilled Ethereum here over a year ago, where were you?Luckily not a burger tho
when the china ban happened crypto crashed too.
BTCUSD is the largest trading pair
and how is net neutrality even relevant to crypto?
No one is going to put coinbase or exchanges in a tiered package, they aren't even in the radar.If you really believe net neutrality is going to have a significant effect, start shorting NFLX, GOOG and AMZN and go long on ISPs
enough with this net neutrality bullshit wake the fuck up it's gubermint that's the problem
*BTCUSDT
B A C K
It's not an issue at all
net 'neutrality'Yeah sure bud I've no doubt that some scheme cooked up by Obama and his worshippers will totally be concerned with conserving 'neutrality'.
4488479Can you fucking retards explain why companies being able to charge extra for making connections (of their choice) isn't a gigantic deal?
I don't think you even know what net neutrality is
they wont kill net neutrality
I'd rather leave internet for companies that depend on your money than on governments that will get your money whether they fuck you or not.
44879364488575absolute state of amerimutts.I'll be glad when I don't see you posting anymore
killing net neutrality will last about a week before some seriously fucked up shit starts happening.
imagine all the borderline psychotic neets losing the one thing that keeps them contained.
Nice.
Just bought 100k
Post yfw burgers can't post on 4chan anymore because it got relegated to the "deep weeb package" by Comcast and now they'd have to pay more for it.
Can someone explain this 'net neutrality' thing, please?
US internet providers will be allowed to sell your browsing history to everyone interested, not just provide it to authorities
deep weeb
how exactly is this a bad thing?
if they sell my shit and it fucks me over i can sue them.
PLEASE SELL MY SHIT
Why would this crash crypto?Thanks for explanation btw.
This is what libtards actually believe
Verizon throttled Netflix because they used so much data that it was crippling Gov and Hospital network speeds you fucking braindead retardNetflix and Google want NN so they don't have to pay for using obscene amounts of bandwith
it gives them more freedom to sell user specialized connections, you can pay for what you want cutting down what you don't need.
it has nothing to do with bitcoin anyway so idk why this thread was created, it'll have ZERO effect on bitcoin or anything related.
Are you retarded?
companies doing exactly what they say they'll do in their terms of service and EULA is somehow wrong
eula is mostly non enforcable
china building islandsnot a big deal>saudi arabia pratically having a coupnot a big deal>healthcare not a big deal>taxes>supreme court>infastructure>north korea>militarynot a big deal>a private company throttling customers who use more data than the network can handleanother holocaust
4488747why would they throttle 4chan?
it's extremely low bandwidth
If a company says they will sell your data, and by signing up with said company you agree, and you have a problem with that, why not just not use that company?That's what I do with social media...and operating systems, phones, cars, websites...
Wrong.At the moment internet providers cannot charge more less for different types of data by law.
A byte is a byte.
Removing net neutrality would essentially mean that ISP's can charge you more for certain types of data.>normie package>FB, Instagram, etc$30/month>Streaming package>youtube/twitch+$10/month>Scholar package>wiki etc+$10/month>financial package+$30/monthetc
use more data than the network can handle>People actually believe this
It's called upgrading your fucking infrastructure.
4G is actually cheaper to run than 3G>you still pay more for it
Muh muh muh match me!Best pump and dump of 2016
nice circIe jerk
It probs won't, that's just people panicking.
It's still really shit though.t.
libtardAlso being called "libtard" on a crypto board is kinda... controversial
It's kinda hard to just use another company when the government has made them into Monopoly you fucking brain dead moron.How retarded are you burgers?
Holy shit, your government is throwing your rights away and you're like nothing is wrong.Get a grip you moron.
thats what VPN is for.
ffs anons should fucking know this
Hey gois my government I pay throws my rights away.
Hur dur I'll just use a VPN that I have to pay for.
Hurrrree durrrrrr rrrrrrrrrr depr derrrrrrrr hurrrrr.Holy shit.
and not like NSA is not doing it already, they just make it official now thats it.
Could Ethereum be the answer to net neutrality?
I'm betting so
So much misinformation about net neutrality.Don't worry about it until it happens.Call your representatives tell them to vote against it.If it does happen we will find a way around it, data can't just be ran through a magic filter.
What are you saying?
That our internet access should be restricted because we bog down important websites?
KekOr you could just keep the internet as it is where ISPs cannot charge you extra for visiting certain sites in the first place
hurr durr why doesn't the US upgrade it's infrastructurethe ABSOLUTE STATE of redditNot only is it geographically and fiscally impossible, it just delays the problemgermany is smaller than montana"We've been doing network testing over the past few days to optimize the performance of video applications on our network," a Verizon spokesperson told Ars.It's kinda hard to just use another company when the government has made them into Monopoly you fucking brain dead moron.two wrongs don't make a rightthe government preventing competition is wrongbut that doesn't justify the government destroying private companies and individuals rightsbut what would you know about that?https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2014/04/one-big-reason-we-lack-internet-competition-starting-an-isp-is-really-hard/Reps can't vote against it because it isn't a law lolit's an FCC rule (FCC is unconstitutional anyways)
Crypto crashed when China banned itit went down 10%, for 3 hours.
everyone used the opportunity to get crypto cheap.
That our internet access should be restricted because we bog down important websites?If Netflix or anyone else is slowing down Verizons network, Verizon has a right to throttle that service unless they pay for the increased usage.
44889524487940Pic related - it's you.
Do the world a favor and educate yourself you brainlet curry eating kikewad.
if i ignore all of anons points i winsure thing are you even allowed to say mean things or is that hate speech and you get jailed?
not knowing how VPNs workyou are fucked anon
Alright, but this is bigger than Verizon and Netflix, this is any ISP being able to charge you any amount for any connection they choose.If you don't think  is accurate, I have bad news for you, burger.
Google didn't have a problem waving it's huge dick around with their Google Fiber.It's a money problem and it always is.
These companies will cry it's the government and the government will cry it's the companies.
In the end it's both of them jerking each other off while we're holding the bucket of cum.
could it be used as a decentralized internet service in future?
Literally (you)
As far as the Monopoly thing, the government broke up att in the 90s and they've done it plenty of other times before.
You do what you gotta do for what's in the best interest of the public, not for some company that pays off politics for their own interests.
Why will net neutrality crash crypto again?
you mean 4800 to 3000
 but this is bigger than Verizon and Netflixthat analogy applies to everything else>any ISP being able to charge you any amount for any connection they choose.first of all, there is literally nothing wrong with this you eurotardthe internet is not a right, unlike the things in the bill of RIGHTSsecond of all, there is literally no evidence for that happeningthe only example of any throttling at all is what I said previouslyif netflix doesn't want to be throttled, maybe they should cough up the cash so that ISPs can deal with the extra bandwidththe most powerful corporation ever didn't have a problem, how should anyone else?the ISPs are a DIRECT result of government regulation.
who do you think prevents new companies from competing with comcast?the barrier to entry for a new ISP is fucking enormous as outlined in the articleit's a money problem because of government, not because of anything else.
government is why comcast verizon and spectrum are the only options for some people, not the oppositesee aboveanti trust is not only unconstitutional it is outrageouswow congrats the government OCCASIONALLY puts a bandaid on the problem THEY created
>first of all, there is literally nothing wrong with this you eurotard>the internet is not a right, unlike the things in the bill of RIGHTSHahaha, okay burgerboy, enjoy throwing your money away.
I'm gonna enjoy not paying extra for what is considered an essential part of modern life
speech is not a right>guns are not a right>a militia is not a right>life is not a right>liberty is not a right>the internet is a rightand this is why your civilization will die decades before mine does
wow people actually think ISP's "can't handle" netflix kekYou'll all be posting pink wojaks when they throttle your favorite trap porn sites
if only there was some way of decentralising the internet
/g/63477415
Or you could just keep the internet as it is where ISPs cannot charge you extra for visiting certain sites in the first placeI don't visit netflix or any normie high bandwidth sites, having them pay extra would make my costs lower
commie who wants the government to hold his hand all through his life>mocks reddit where over 95% is cultural marxistPick one idiot.
Pick one.
this>redditors trying to pretend something that google, facebook, netflix and co want>good
this is a GOOD thing, I won't have to pay for normie or streaming shit.
If ISPs could get away with charging 100$/month now they would, net neutrality has nothing to do with it, you just will be able to pay for what you actually want.
getting rid of regulations>government holding your handI don't think you know what net neutrality is
>be burger>defend muh friend corporations even on /biz/
Who said anything about all those things?
Nice try.
All I said was: enjoy paying more for the internet.
Sorry for you.
defending government regulations on /biz/ of all places
why would it cost more without net neutrality?
their revenue will be the same because they charge what people will pay, if it's more specialized then I will pay LESS
There's a fine line between regulation and amendment rights.
The current system helps keeping some sort of freedom of speech.
It prevents ISPs from throttling (censoring) sites defending certain political views.
This will be possible from now on.
Certain sites will be throttled (censored) with a label no one can go against in the media, like "racist".Sounds pretty commie to me.
Verizon throttled Netflix because they used so much data that it was crippling Gov and Hospital network speeds you fucking braindead retard>don't update your ancient infrastructure in decades>keep anyone who would compete with you and force you to do so out via lobbying and corruption>suddenly the infrastructure from 1995 can't keep up with demand in 2017>"Oy vey goyim we throttled all your connections and started charging you more for them hehe now don't complain you don't want HOSPITALS to be without internet right?
Good goy"Fucking hell you people are unironically subhuman holy shit
44894594489461>I am okay with letting companies dictate what sites I can visit by payment walls>I won't have to pay for the sites I don't want>Don't realise that they might come for your sites>Don't realise that it's more than just websites>Don't realise that, by comparison, the internet is free to use right now besides paying for a line and connection
so you're making decisions based on other people's opinions and not your ownbet you're in every pump and dump thread
>banning sites defending certain political viewspure speculation and would not be profitable.
what sites do you think they would ban anyway?
it's not like they can throttle specific "racist" comments
Good goy.
being this retarded
bruv.
Netflix isn't responsible for 'slowing' vzws 'network' in any significant way swear to god.
It's just increased overall traffic that they aren't dealing with well.so that ISPs can deal with the extra bandwidthhe believes the "Netflix eating muh bandwidth!"
meme.
>second of all, there is literally no evidence for that happeningyeah there is you autistic fuck.
Look at tmobiles 'binge on' for phones.
You get youtube + hulu + HBONow a few others in the basic package, anything else you need to pay additional data usage on.
It's not a stretch to see ISPs going a similar route.
Don't you want unlimited use of HBONow anon?
4chan is going to be $0.15/mb though because we need to prioritize our network bandwidth, not to mention it is a 'high risk' site, which means that $0.15/mb goes towards additional security infrastructure we need to keep you safe while browsing.
Who advocates for NN?>facebook>Twitter>netflix>Google>Apple>Amazonnumber of these that use Crypto in any fashion?ZERO
Lulz, yeah sure.
There are 1000s of ways around ISPs fucking with crypto.
Fiat is much more likely to crash.
Net Neutrality is something only normaltards, redditors and giant jew companies want.
Mmmhmmm yes so now that it's clear the government is running the show.Why is the government allowing this shit to fly and why are burgers dumb about it?> year is 2020> paying $20 extra a month to access GmailMUH FREEDUMS DUR HUR> year is 2020> Amazon sends me a dildo sample> Why would they send me dildo sample?> Govment allows isp to sell dildo search historyAMERICA FUCK YA
giant jew companies want.explain this right now you fucking retard
 paying $20 extra a month to access Gmail>companies will all act against their own interest (profit) just because they can!!!!!
decentralized service providerThats some deep shit.
I don't even know if that's possible
what sites do you think they would banGee I don't know, how about anything alt-right?>not profitableIt would be a successful PR stunt aiming SJW.
Gee I don't know, how about anything alt-right?name some "alt-right" websites>It would be a successful PR stunt aiming SJW.that doesn't work in america, in fact the opposite works.
do you remember the chic-fil-a lines when the gays tried to "protest" it?
Post more about muh Battlefront while you're at it faggots
There's a Facebook widget and google ads on pretty much most large websites.
They're worried that nobody will buy plans including them, because then they can't use up bandwidth showing ads all over the fucking place.
Good riddance.
lol>he thinks people are spying on him>he thinks net neutrality isnt just a buzz word to gather donations for the goyim
the only company that seems to care is Mozilla, and they are a non-profit.widgets and ads are not companies.
Mozilla is a SJWfest and is becoming increasingly irrelevant.>widgets and ads are not companiesAnd?
ISPs choosing to charge more for the bandwidth coming from companies serving ads is great in my opinion.
so you just found the one upside to this and are going to choose to ignore the downsides?the absolute state of /pol/-JWs
What downsides are they?
You mean those mythical doom and gloom scenarios where the market ceases to function without daddy-govenment and ISPs start charging $30/month to browse 4chan?
It's a non-issue unless you are a normie.B A C K
But it is all the web companies that advocate for Net Neutrality that are banning the Alt-Right NOW.
do you hate freedom?!
>what if killing net neutrality is an elaborate ruse to get people to quit the internet so we arent influenced by the big jewish tech companies
Big jew has been screeching about this all year meaning I want the exact opposite of what Kikeles Shekleberb is pushing.
being this willfully ignorantI hope you grow your own vegetables and supply your own fuel and energy.
The entire world is ran by a collaboration of whites, jews, asians, and muslims that supply your lifestyle.You should burn your computer now, less you learn who manufactures it and who's made profits investing from the tech stock backing it
Web 3.0 is the answer