Is today's world really a "meritocracy"?
¨no
It's a vile manlet-ruled scamocracy.
Some are praying to be saved but their tolerance of filth means they are getting what they deserve.
Kek, fuck no.I'm a worthless NEET college dropout who made $100k this year trading pointless internet monopoly money, if that tells you anything.
>meritocracyIt never was.
43034694303501So why does Chad keep telling us it's our fault we live in misery and we just need to "work harder"?
Are you calling Chad a liar?
Good looking people can't be liars.
Only ugly ones.
Yes, if you know how to use your resources, it certainly is, although it may not appear to be and experience is subjective.
Just know that the general consensus of success and achievement only get's you the average joe's success and achievement.
Knowing how to use your resources is based on your brain.
Your brain comes from your parents, your genes, and the environment around you.
Where's the merit?
It's strange how so many grown men believe in magic.
muricatocracy
By that logic, you couldn't teach someone how to attain the success they so dearly desire, and that would mean that they would be forever damned to poverty no matter what opportunity comes around.In my opinion, I'd say it takes a relatively average level of street smarts to actually become successful, but depending on the route you take, your chances greatly increase or decrease.
If you meet the right people, it could be a piece of cake, although if your trying to make your own route, it could be hard as hell.
What's worse is scammers like Jordan Peterson making other betas work so he can keep getting 5 figures a month from Patreon.
Chad is limited to Chad's perspective.
Chad has always been good looking and athletic, so people have always been nice to him and have wanted to be Chad's friend and do things with him.
This has made Chad a far more outgoing and extroverted person, since good things happens to Chad when he makes friends.If Chad wants to bang a Stacey, he just has to talk to her in the same playful way he talks to everyone.
He doesn't have to do anything tricky.
So he gives the advice of "being yourself" if someone else isn't getting laid.Same perspective is with anything else.
Pretty much anything Chad has wanted to do Chad has accomplished just by trying.
If he wants to start a business, he makes friends with other business people, one of which is a virgin nerd, and then chats up other people until his company is worth millions.
As a result, Chad assumes people who aren't succeeding simply must not be trying- after all, anything Chad has tried to do he's pretty much succeeded at.
And since there are so many ways to make money- failing at ALL of them?
You must not be working hard enough
 unsorted screeching
It's more of a meritocracy than it has ever been, but the undeserving making it and the deserving getting rekt is still very common.>be me>black>poor familyrd worlder>ugly faceIn any other time I'd be absolutely fucked, but I'm actually making it.
There were quite a few things that I had no control over that saved my ass from disgrace, though.
be me>get a phd in psychology from a top school>lecture in harvard and utoronto>publish tons of papers and a bunch of books>start to upload my lectures on this new youtube thing because why the fuck not>mfw this internet device is absolutely CRAWLING with unsorted buckos and they come in flocks to my videos>mfw these buckos are the unsortedest I have ever seen>start trying to help them sort their shit out because my god the unsortedness>my channel really blows up and now i can speak about what i love to an audience that will listen and get mad dosh for it, literally living the dream>mfw some dragon of chaos on a nigerian basketweaving rendezvous calls me a scammer
I'v already read the complete works of Nietzsche and Jung so Why would I watch a youtuber paraphrase them?
Well perhaps you should read something that will teach you some basic interpretation, you pretentious cunt.
I didn't tell you to watch him.
I said anyone that calls him a scammer is just plain salty
50/50
pretentious cuntReading the most popular philosopher and psychologist of the 20th century makes me pretentious?
Go on /lit/ they will love you.
simultaneously bragging and answering a question no one asked makes you a pretentious cunt.
I also read 1984 and all seven of the Harry Potter books!
The chicken crossed the road to get to the other side by the way.
If you cant find any value in Petersons lectures there is little hope for you my friend.
Yes, all the talented game creators become rich.Doom, Quake, Baldur's Gate, Diablo, Maple Story Online, DOTA, LOL, Minecraft.All the Michelin chefs are rich because they can cook delicious food.All the good doctors are rich because they are experts at treating disease.There are so many chances in this world, so many talented people getting rich because of their talent.Just stop whining you little brat.
Nothing he says will make you good looking = a scam.
Doom, QuakeCarmack is a literal autistic genius.The rest just became memes.There are tons of good doctors out there struggling, lots of good cooks that don't become memes struggling (that's all it takes to be a "top cook")Stop fucking coping.