Is it confirmed yet that staking will be available?I accumulated 100k REQ and want to become a node operator next year.
I'm a sysadmin.
I see this shit becoming huge if it delivers.is 100K enough for a nice passive income from being a node operator or will I have to accumulate even more?
k here.
No details about anything so far.
Just chill and come back in 2months
tfw didn't get in at the dip
you should probably join the Req Share Holders Club.
There are some members with over 1 mil https://discord.gg/cNBeKs
ALL OUT WAR AND YOU FAGS STILL SHILLING YOUR FAILED ICO
People that post that thing you just posted will not make it.
Cup and handle is pretty evident at this point it might not stop until 10 cents now
put buy order for 50k more at 700 sats just in case, but that should be enough for some passive income when it blows up ;)
i think 100k REQ will be enough for staking
Staking will depend on how Plasma develops, right now Token burn will be the go to for profitability.
Do I have to hold REQ in a wallet to receive dividends or can it be on an exchange?
I'm oblivious to how this shit works.
You will probably have to stake them on a server.Like the masternodes concept if you know what that is?
So no, not on an exchange or normal wallet ..
I'm a sysadmin
failed ico>req isn't bloated as fuck pre-release because it didn't try to imply partnerships that weren't real by posing at google with a skateboard and having apple stickers under itReminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth quite a bit, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
Paying with Request for some Airbnb appartments would be enough.
Think BIG boys.
Anon, you seem reasonably well informed.I have about 200K REQ and never mined in my life.
Would you have any pointers on how this works or direct me to some tutorial?
It isnt released yet, you have to wait until Q1 2018 anon
amazon stops answering paypal's texts and gets busy with REQ>twitch removes their "bits" system, advocating they've seen it is meme money, and they've decided to get REQ in on the action>Airbnb ban usage of any other than REQ for payments>coinbase delists litecoin, denouncing it's depreciation and in it's place sits REQYC make it happen, muh nigga.
Staking is not even confirmed you stupid fucksAnd it's likely there will be no staking
Staking isn't confirmed yet but I'm sure they will want Request network to be an actual network.
So Nodes that confirm transactions or keep the network strong will probably be implemented.
Just read about the masternodes concept it is going to be similar I think.
They could also allow for some wallet tier staking but obviously the big holders would benefit from their "wallet" being online 24/7 AKA putting up a node/server.
You'll have to pay hosting costs and set it up but that's about it as far as costs go..I should probably try to accumulate more req.
It's confirmed, but only when Plasma is avaible.
But who cares about staking anyway?
The burning mechanism is more lucrative and better for token holders anyway.That's what i call thinking big.
You are the real nigga here.
Staking is worse than burning marketing wise, even though the effects are similar in that hodlers get profit at the expense of the rest, because inflation seems more like institutionalized theft.I hope at most they put a very very modest burn and no staking at all.
User adoption alone will make REQ skyrocket.
Staking in addition for no other reason than "early buyers should have extra rent on the network" is greedy as fuck and will be seen as such by non-hodlers.
It's a mistake.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/168GRr4WmmTCAMMkyE-3UfoWWOXj2Ccr0n5S0jfYdiLU/editThere's nothing out about staking, I am unsure as to what their plans on that model are.
They said they will probably implement staking after plasma come out.
Burning is 100% there.
Don't know but staking appeals to people as a form as passive income.
when I say people I mean us and the normies who are getting into cryptos at this moment.
but I understand your point in a way.