Has anyone else realized this?
Confido makes online commerce directly P2P, cutting out the middle man (eBay/Etsy etc)This is just like how 0x (or Kyber) cut out the middle man (centralized exchanges)This was a pretty cool epiphany for me.
Anyone else see this?
Isnt it awesome when you have the epiphany that makes you understand?
Have you had it for LINK yet?I think ETH and LINK was my best epiphany.
Yeah, once LINK clicked I had that sobering "woah" feeling that made me feel small.
Same exact feeling for CFD
woah... so this.... is... the power.... of... confido...
People have yet to understand the following:Confido + OpenBazaar = the future of Ebay and Paypal`
tfw in deep on link and cfd
price action's gotten my dick hard for sure
Don't forget the Shopify plugin to come...fucking yum
I missed the ico i just want to kill myself:(
my poor child
here's an epiphany.
imagine how many middleman jobs are going to be absolutely btfo by this technology.
years and years of experience, college degrees everything just totally fucked by small 3-5 man teams of nerds making smart contract technology.
what the fuck do we do with these people they'll be worse than refugees because they actually had a decent life and now its all been taken from them and put into the hands of millenials that fuck around on computers all day
buying at ico>not waiting for the listing aftermath dump
you're funny anonbut stupid
A seller can just ship garbage, or a buyer can claim a seller shipped garbage.This is useless.
instantly 10x on etherdelta.
this man knows whats happening
wrong, conflict resolution by third party app.
Both parties are protected
what is this third party app?
and what means of enforcement do they have?
they'll send a very angry and expressive letter
Dude, read the fucking white paper.
It’s not even hard to understand.
If you ship garbage, buyer has 24 hours to freeze the funds in escrow.
Once funds are frozen, only the seller can refund the money back the buyer and only the buyer can push the money forward to the seller.
So it’s up to the parties to figure out a solution or no one gets the money.
If seller sends garbage, he doesn’t get paid and just wasted money on shipping.Literally zero economic incentive to scam.
I don't care I just want my lambo
offer the attractive young female virgins a spot in my harem, to hell with the rest.
survival of the fittest, we autists will rule the world with crypto.
good.
their value was dubious, at best.
evolve or die.
Also Kleros is a decentralized tribunal system for the cases in which shit gets lost in transit etc.
Kleros is awesome, and I can’t wait for their ICO, but really Kleros will rarely ever be used because of the protections already built into the smart contract as described above.
So the Confido contracts wills not only have immense protections naturally built in, a Kleros call function will also be built directly into the smart contract that can query a Kleros jury to adjudicate It blows my mind that they even thought of that.
I love this project so much