Think about this /biz/.It takes around $8.00 to send a BTC transaction at this point in time.What happens when price reaches 10k, $10.00 per transaction?BTC isn't a mass adoption tool anymore than can be used for everyday utility.
Would you pay $10.00 in fees just to buy a cup of coffee?BCH is new King.
95% of all altcoins have cheaper transaction fees and faster transactions than both Bitcoin a Bcash, most of them won't have such a confusing name.If there's gonna be a coin used for everyday transactions its not gonna be this shitcoin, it's gonna be a faster, cheaper shitcoin.
Even ETH would do better.
>buying BCH right nowGreat coin though.
I hope it gets more adoption soon.
you were dumb enough to buy bch at .4 and now you're praying someone else will take those bags off of you.
i wish you cashtards had the decency to suffer in silence
It takes around $8.00 to send a BTC transaction at this point in time.No it doesn'tBTC scalability problem is already well known.
BCH scales by 3-4x only, if you scale BCH to visa levels, you would need around 3 Terabyte disks every week or so.
BCH is not a solution for real scalability, no matter who sold you that lie, but you bought it.BTC has a few solutions in the pipeline, I recommend you do some research and read a bit on them, so that you don't embarrass yourself any more
All of the reasons for buying BCH are flawed when ETH exists.Cashies - you don’t have digital gold, you don’t even digital cash, you have a unique pile of shit that can be best described as ‘chinese goldcash’
It does if your withdrawing from pretty much every exchange, would never put money into that chinkcoin but something needs to change.
It does if your withdrawing from pretty much every exchangeYeah, so go complain to bittrex or whatever for scamming you.
Exchanges need to switch to native segwit addresses first.
They also overcharge like crazy.
Nope.
BCH wouldn't require close to that, especially when technologies like graphene are added to improve compression.
wo wants to buy coffee with bitcoin?
(never forget the bitcoin pizza)why are you so retarded, bitcoin is usefull to buy alts, bitcoins is usefull as a store of value, on the other hand bcash has no uses low fee (lol eth, ltc, dash, even fuckin doge has lower fees), faster?
(eth, ltc, doge, even dgb...) so what's the point of bcash, why this fork?
I'm still wondering
It's true, the dragon will die.
god i'm gonna screen all this shit tier bcash shill and post them on monday
should have done it the other time toospecially the ones saying "in 1 day", or "in 8 hours"I wish I didn't have a job and was a NEET again to do this shit
wait for monday anon, god i can't wait for more dragonfaggot operation