If you buy this obvious pnd you deserve to be poor.
Daily reminder that eth is a scam.
hope someone finally hack them for good
ok deviprasad
You understand that eth went from 6 dollars to 360 in less than a year right?
The only people that got fucked are people that didn't buy Eth early.
I'm assuming you're one of them.Now pray to the money skeleton for forgiveness.
Literally only the crypto that does more than being a currency even though it does it better than both BCH and BTC.
Still some money to be made in the short term volatility.But yeah, I can easily see Eth and all it's scam ICO feeder fish imploding someday.
Shit is worse than penny stocks.
le everything is a scam memethen why are we in crypto in the first place?
easy go up, easy go down.What has changed in cryptoworld in last 12 months?
nothing except capital flooding into a ponzi scheme.
Name me a single coin that has changed the way people have done business.
There are NONE.There's a good reason lots of major smart companies like Google are staying away from this space... until it implodes and they come in buying up all the assets/projects for virtually next to nothing.
It's like a really long multiplayer game of chicken, everyone is hoping to cash out right before the whole thing falls apart.
People have already made millions.
I've tripled my portfolio for very little work.
Whether or not in the future tech giants step in has no bearing on the profits it's made for those shrewd enough to invest and frankly those giants are already stepping in now.
If you think it's worth it to wait on the sidelines because everything is a scam I don't know why you're on this board.
Do you hate making money?
You are stupid as FUCK
I can't believe such idiots exit on /biz/
there are nonegive it time m82018 will be the year of crypto adoption
im in the game too like you to make money, but i know at any time the whole system can drop like a rock.
All it takes is a policy shift to ban fiat boarding/cashout and the system will completely collapse.
You really think the gov are sitting on the sidelines doing nothing?
they are watching the whole show, e.g.
the largest ponzi scheme in history folding right under their feet (BitConnect) and the mega scam that is Tether USD, along with 9/10 of ICO market being complete scams.
I don't know when they will pounce, but when it does, the system will collapse.
Governments are afraid to over-regulate because it means completely ceding the market to competitors.
If the United States shuts down crypto trading with strict legislation then they completely open the floor for Asian and European markets.
It's why China's regulations have been so precise and it's why Russia is in talks with massive crypto players, including Vitalik.
Ok rakesh, I trust you.I will sell all my ETH now.What should I buy then?
Vinjay told me that FENX will moon tomorrow.