how do i stop niggers from charging me back
Make them pay in crypto.
im selling crypto and sometimes can only use paypal
*charges your back*
Stop doing business with niggers.
they are only niggers once theyve charged back
how about fulfil the order, or don't sell empty promises.
don't sell snake oil.VI and MC are watching.
Stop using paypal if you're working with subhumans
Whats the difference between this and his normal face?
Stop slaving away to accept paypal.
Make them pay with wire transfer or cash.
Or crypto.
Or get into a different business.
Chargebacks and scams kill small businesses.
im not the nigger, they arethey are the ones stealing from me, not the other way aroundi fulfill all orders
wires are not quick and cash isnt always feasible over the internet
understand that im not the one scamming people and being charged back, im being scammed by people buying my things
** im not the one charging back
if you can prove:1. product was delivered2.
communicated with cardholder attempted to resolve the diputeyou should have a case to fight/win the CB - unless it's straight out fraud you like the cardholder can present your case.make sure you have a clear policy listed on your website.
Prior to checkout have customer accept your terms (check box)
only accept payment on Request Network©
im trying to sell cryptos OTC, paypal wont protect my protect at all no matter the evidence brought forth
>you only sell if they also provide selfie with ID>if they fuck off with the money pay them a visit
mfw literal pajeet steals from me>end up in india>they all look the same omfg
just don't sell to pajeets then
stop scamming them
on a serious note,, send as gift with something like donation for etc etc
Are you selling crypto for Paypal?Just do whatever companys do that sell gift cards.
Theres a lot of third party sites that sell gift cards and are successful.
Literally just replicate all the security stuff they do, add it all up.
THEY SCAM ME REEEEE
sometimes you can get away with a "no refunds policy" and paypal will contest the charge back in your favor.
Hi DWI
yesdoes anyone know which payment option in paypal you have to use that cant be charged back?
i will force them to use that one
Send as Gift.I'm saying though that there are successful companys that accept Paypal as payment (not as gift) and are able to minimize chargebacks by using anti-fraud measures in place, the strictest for ecommerce.Virwox has been accepting Paypal for bitcoin since 2011.WeSellCoins or whatever it was called accepted Paypal for years before they closed after becoming rich off crypto.You need strict anti-fraud.