Hahahahahajanahajahahhahahahahahahajajajajajajajajhaahh.
I sold, did you?
just end the project.
Srs
Rent free
Haha rent free in my mind.
Real rent with the real money you don’t have anymore senpai.
Hahahahaha
now that is a dip to buy..shame theres literally no volume to buy it from however
great more for me
Thx for selling me your bagsThis is a great entry point.Waiting for the climb back to 40 cents.
I sold at 7500 sats, thanks for holding my bags
Jesus Christ I mean....... oh come on I was thinking it was fun to meme Chain Link but this is a legit scam it's hilarious.
yes I fucking sold today too god damnit fuck fuck fuck FUUUUUCKKKKK REEE
Yeah I’ll see you there too.
After I buy back in and my stacks even bigger than it was before.
Hahahahahaja.
Do you even crypto?
if you ain't buyin' now you're 'tarded.
seriously
kek, this piece of shit isn't heading back to .40 anytime soon nigga.
enjoy .15-.19 cent binance bot trading for a whole year...smart money has moved on anon, take notes on how to make your money back if you can
problem with you small fries is you think you're so smart, you'll never buy back in, always thinking it'll dip a little more.
then it'll be too late.
Oh come on don't be so naive it's easy to shit on something when its down but its far from a scam.
Sergey is literally confirmed for sibos 2018 and swift has been using the product internally since june 2017 (https://www.coindesk.com/swift-completes-blockchain-smart-contracts-trial/)It's not gonna be a fast mover by any means and the development team are very anti hype but it's dips like this you want to pick up if you're accumulating for the long hall.. but like i said theres no volume anyway on the exchanges to even buy this dip 1btc buy sends the price up 14% instantly lol
Keep waiting on that moon, bitch.
I’m sure Rory will finish stroking his pencil dick and give you a detailed update and good news!
It’ll happen sometime this year for sure!
The October announcement was killer!
I sold.
Fuck this project.
It's like they are against saying anything.
No volume cause no one wants to buy and the only people who hold this shit are too delusional to sell before we hit .10.
Hahahaj
Buy now!
Buy from the Caiman island exit scheme.
They did say something, they said that they're in the "looking at hiring developers" stage of the project...
They fucking said that in the post SIBOS news.
Nothing happened since October then right?
They can’t find a developer to code in GO?
They need to port over from Ruby to GO?
They took 32 million dollars and they can’t hire a fucking developer at the only bottleneck point they have?
Hahahahahajajshjsshjs
They will never find a confident dev in GO lol who the fuck uses it.
mod from telegram grp dont even have link.
I told my self today that i will not be buying anymore like till i see an improvement, but i know im lieing to myself
if you're really quiet, you can even hear the magic
Weak-handed faggotsKeep chasing those pumps I'll hodl thanks
it's only a matter of time until it goes way of confido
its been swapping between 0.164 usd and 0.150 usd for weeks now, nothing new
how many fucking times you post same thing.
this rate will be in 15-20 cent until dec-jan
It's at an all time low in sats.
If bitcoin were to dip, this price would tank hard
It's time to move on from this scam coin.
The devs can't hire a single programmer for some reason.
Their github is as vacant as the brain of the average linkie
What was the ico price in sats?
>only 2 "devs" millions arised>working on it before Ether>they've to re-write the code and almost start overDon't know why you invested in this vapor ware and still holding AT LEAST at a 50% loss.
Pathetic.
Even I held onto a small bit of my stack just in case this pot head team can find a way to not shit the bed.
Wake up>LINK is down 90%>All information on it is scrubbed online>Sergey hasn't been seen at Mcdonalds for days>/biz/ in a panicWould be like Christmas morning
1 year from now link will be at $.10 and these fags will still be shilling it like crazy.
Screencap this