>ETH at all time high and mooning>/biz/ is still too stupid to buy it
you dont buy something after it moons.
wait for a dip
>buy the ATHGood advice bruh
/biz/ is too stupid to buy ATHThis post is so fucking dumb.
don't buy ath brainlets
I just bought a bunch more yesterday and made nice gains this morning.
Feels goodman.
I ain't touching this pump with a ten foot pole lol.
I have a buy order set for a significant dip.
We'll see.
buy high sell lowwtf u talking about
>ETH at all time high after mooning.>Why are you not buying?Gee I wonder.
You can clearly see it's getting up to where the resistance is sure to kick in.
buy low sell high
Bitcoin is at an ATH of $1500>I´m not buying ATHThis is how you sound.
Yes, buy the ATH.
What could go wrong?
we are not here for steady profits anonwe are here to gamble for big ones
No, here's why your position is fucking retarded.
ETH is not BTC.
You have no idea how high it's going to go, and for how long, or if it's going to drop.
Even if it climbs up higher, you're leaving money on the table by buying at all time highs rather than during dips and stagnation.
And when you buy at ATH, you risk it going down and either being stuck bagholding or panic selling at a loss.
I swear I don't know why I even come to this board anymore when stupid posters like these are the majority
Ethereum has been undervalued for a long time.
It has more daily transactions than all other major cryptos including BTC.
We will see ETH hit $1000 within 3 months, those are not small gains.
Then again, what we really want in a general sense is for people to put their money in the wrong place.
Because then if we have ours in the right place, then their money will flow to us, generally.
So maybe giving actual advice here is self defeating.
x slow or risk 10x faster with more riskstill a no brainer for gamblersI like Eth, but i use it only for holding money when i dump other coins.
I swear I don't know why I even come to this board anymore when stupid posters like these are the majorityto keep you and your mind sharp.
Never let down the guards, anon.
that would only work if a major fraction of the market would actually visit this mandarine image weaving board, so you might as well be nice.
So btc didn't ever dip or what
Implying I didn't buy the $280 dip>Implying ethereum's bull trend is going to end any time soon
literally everyone here is a bot
no, that's reddit
Just buy the ETH breakout they said
If past performance is any indication, then yes, ETH's trend could reverse at any time.
You gotta be more careful.
Never add on strength, add during lows.
Nah I go to /pol/ to scrap, and hone my defenses and perspective.
Also to dump all my negative shit cause that's what they like anyway.
haha guys you're so stupid for not buying a coin at ATH
YOU SEE, I'M AN OIL MAN
Felix Watkins, fuck off you retarded autist.
Don't ever @here me or my son again, faggot.
>what if 420 is the new low?
this is gonna crash so hard after all the normies that are getting in get scared by a little dip creating a massive sell-off
I've been 80% eth since it was 280 dollars.
Thought I was retarded, finally paying off
 eth = 20 dollar gained... most /biz can only afford .5congrats on your 10 dollar gain
the krypto market doesnt work that way.
kryptotrust him, he knowsIt does work that way except there are anomalies
It'll be going to 500 minimum.
When threads like this start popping up you know a coin is running out of fuel and desperate pajeets who bought ATH start shilling.