According to this article only 2 percent of Americans have owned or own bitcoin.
Is it safe to say that we're in the last parts of the innovators phase?https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-08/millennials-ready-to-ditch-stocks-to-keep-bitcoin-rally-alive
this is our century
% of 350 million peopleThats 7 million.
Theres no way that many people have or have had bitcoin.
Sure almost everyone has heard of it, but no one does anything about it.
Think about stocks, probably only 2% of the population trade stocks.
Now compare it with something new and extremely shaky like bitcoin.
We might not be at innovators, but to say that 2% owned bitcoin is to much.
They probably just took the total amount and divided it by adults or something, i dunno.
I think too much time and volume has passed for us to be in the innovators phase.
Consider other regions which have high volume instead of just the US and we'd be early, early adopters.
Not to mention, this year's been an ICO bonanza so over the next few years we'll see which of these ICOs will actually perform on top.
Quality thread.
I am teaching innovation management and I never thought of applying the diffusion curve to crypto... to be fair, I am not a huge fan of these cookie cutter models.
You might want to check “crossing the chasm” if that’s your thing though, interesting perspective.
No, I was an "innovator" back in 2013.
You guys are all fucking behind.
Maybe the middle of the "Early Adopter" phase but it's been around for nearly 10 fucking years already.
More like 2% of americans heard about bitcoin.
something this big that will change the world.>thinks 10years is allotHAHAHAH how old are you?
shill me on crossing the chasm
We're in the middle of the early adopter stage if you ask me.
This, still waiting for some actual real world functionality before normies pile inAt the moment its all theoretical
Claims only 2% of people have owned stocks>after doing online search, 55% of people own stocks
That graph is stupid or either retarded.
I bet is based or thought in regards of statistical and probability theories, but applied very utterly wrong.
Shame on the author
Some theory from some innovation management guy from the 90s.
Basically, going past the “early adopters” phase of the cycle is super hard but ounce you are there, it’s smooth sailing.
Again, not a huge fan because not very nuanced but it still applies to a whole lot of innovations.
'Trades stocks' Ownership of stocksBanks and firms can trade stocks for people, making people own them, brainlet.
I'd say we're at the ass-end of innovators or the very beginning of early adopters.
Sorry people.
I just chased this Aussie out of a Bitcoin Cash scam thread.
He is the only one that got away.
I have his physical now.
Mr Quaedvlieg will have a van pick him up shortly.
Ignore him until then.