This is the future of crypto transactions in the Asian market.
You have been given the heads up and the chance to get in.
You can get in on Binance, you must convert BTC to BNB the purchase NULS with BNB.Huge gains.
Don't miss out.
spent the entire day researching this, seems like a perfect storm now with the alt bull market returning too
If you're not desperately shilling, I bought at 0,17 last night, it dumped to 0,13 and now it's pumping at 0,19.
Was mine still a safe zone, how huge is going to be Nuls?
Bought 5k last night this is my last resort
Lost money with this meme yesterdayFuck you kill yourself nigger get saged
rofl look at the nuls orderbook
what do you mean?I am a noob how do I interpret the order book?
Imagine what would have happened if the BTC market was already open.
Fuck.
Up 1.5x so far
NULS/BTC is also trading on Bit-Z but only at $0.28 - why is that?>
Whats the volume at there?
Hoooooly shit, i bought last night at the peak and bag held all day, watched link moon so sold my bags for LINK no im down on LINK and NULS FUCKING MOONED AGAIN WTF
Around 69btc
BTC
Almost up 300% and market cap only 24mil
Did it finally happen?
Did I finally struck gold?
it just 2xed, RIP
This is the real deal.
Ground level strap in
ooo this frustration of coinbase fucking up and not transferring my ether to binance because of some glitch and only mooning on half of what i wanted to
holy shit i hate myswelf I sold right before the pump KILL ME FUCK AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I don't dare taking x2.5 profits.
I put in 500 euro, but I'd rather go back to 500 euro than miss out on x10.NOT SELLING.
Holding for 100x.
Thanks anon for this.
So much room for moon landing.
Get in or kill yourself tomorrow
I lost 60% of my $100k chainlink investment.
Held it so long... gave up, got depressed.. saw ops thread yesterday, said fuck it, who cares.
All inned.
If I recover my chainlink losses today I'm going to start fucking crying.
Fingers crossed for you and me NULSBRO
tfw I only bought 500 nuls yesterday lel
Hard to find much info on this but can't really find any red flags.
Their github has been receiving frequent git commits since September.
Looking like this will be the latest chinkcoin to get pumped.
I would like to take a profit but I'm scared that 0,30 - 0,35 will be the next floor soon.Actually is stupid sell now it isn't even paired with BTC.This would've been a 1000% otherwise.
Don't do it man.
Don't be that guy.
They said Binance is making it btc/eth paired by Friday
Its fluctuating between 0.55 and 0.69 right now
Seriously does anyone actually know what this coin does or is?
its the blockchain technology that will fuel all of Asias transactions
I won't bro, I promise.i had few spare sats on Binance, I don't even care if I lose them, so I will take the "risk" without regrets.Nice, assuming it's not vaporwave imagine when it will also reach other exchanges, the platform goes live and the reveal the partnerships.
Really?
Because this morning I read that it was for groceries or some shit.
That feel when you can only afford 1700 nuls @28 cents cause you were late to the party yesterday.
its a pump and dump look at their website and tell me what they offer that others don't.
Not to mention "How we do" .
it'll fuel real life transactions in the asian market for things LIKE buying groceries, etc
Do you remember Walton site on ICO?
NEO?Chink are weirdos.
I honestly don't care if you all don't get on this moon train.
Biz is full of fags.
Take 10 min and join their slack or telegram and talk to the devs, they speak decent English, or don't, just bitch about what you think you know about it here instead.
Wonder why your all poorfags
4251907But seriously why is it trading for so much less on Bit-Z than on Binance?
?4251907at 34 cents nowhttps://www.bit-z.com/trade/nuls_btc
I hope you retards didn't buy in before checking the other exchanges it's trading at.
Prepare to be assraped if you didn't do your DD...
crashing hard on binance now
lol RIP nubs.
get rekt
how do i add this fucker to blockfolio?I want him to meet my other gains.
gainsboy are you in for a surprise.
This is a hold for the next couple weeks not a single day moon shot.
Its already going back up, just people from here taking small profits.
4252661I reckon Bit-Z is the one that's going to go up actually, still a chance to get in lower over there before it evens out
Well, at least 0,2 seems to be the new support.Whoever bought last night is comfy as fuck.
No, compare the orderbook sizes.
There's much more sell orders on bit-z than buy orders on binance.
Someone is pumping and dumping this coin on binance.
the volume that's driving the price down seems so low on binance, or am I missing information?
All.
In.
Went BCH to BTC then jumped from BTC at ATH to NULS.
Wonderful!
I guess not that many people are arbitraging from bit-z to binance, so it'll take a while for the bit-z orderbook to be drained.
The orderbook also looks healthy now on binance, so I don't think it's a PnD anymore.
BAW WITH DA NULS A BANGDABANG DIGGY DIGGY
Kid Rock was trying to tell us something for our financial future.
On Bit-z, sell some Asch for NULS?
Any advice?
I already hold a large amount of NULS that I bought on Binance last night.
https://support.binance.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002628192-Binance-Lists-NULS
how much can we expect this to rise?
I was unfortunately late to the party so I'm counting on the chinks now.
BOUGHT LAST NIGHT ON RECOMMENDATION FROM A GREAT OP!
Literally just now bought my Nuls.
x!
This is going to make gains in the hundreds of percent look like childs play.
OP called 40x 
I’m gonna buy it as soon as my funds clear deposit with a btc.
Please don’t be vaporware.
you realize that was a Chinese shill/LARPer with Chinese Shill/LARPer friends hyping up the coin, and that segwit was entirely coincidental, right?
Everything they said happened exactly as announced>Just a coincidence shut it down it's all a LARP>Cryptos aren't even real money though
Fuck.
That was an epic OP.How do we know when to trust the winners and not listen to the fudders.
People seriously PISSY they missed out last night.
NOT TOO LATE BOIS
They were doing the insider information meme saying they had information from Chinese sources relating to ICOs over there.
Entirely different story compared to what we all know really lead to the coin's rise today, being the segwit cancellation, this affected virtually all alts.
Again, entirely coincidental.But am I complaining?
No.
Their little LARP was a blessing in disguise.
The two sets of data are not mutually exclusive
http://news.8btc.com/inchain-poise-to-be-public-blockchain-for-anti-counterfeiting-in-chinaInchain is already huge, and it is confirmed that they will be using NULS as the parent chain.
At a sub 20m MC, I'm not sure why you anons aren't buying this up.
Its not too late at all this coin could be $5 or more
bought this exactly at ath, will i make it?
obviously not selling at a loss
Yes hold for weeks.
Its fun to watch today's gains of course, but this is one of those ones to hold through over time
OP from yesterday's thread said there would be news by next week.
Unable to verify of course.
it's been stagnant around .47, but I'm gonna continue watching this throughout the day.
If it increases by a decent amount I might consider putting more in at a later date.
I was only able to put in what I was able to scrounge up in short notice (hence being late), which was barely 40 dollars.
4251907did someone on here take advantage of that arbitrage opportunity?
Holy fuck i can't believe i didn't
Being as it IS a super chinese coin, it's likely that it'll go parabolic and THEN westerners will get the news.I think that's why the info was so valuable.
Unfortunately I didnt have an account there and didnt want to risk wasting time on slow verifications so just kept adding at binance.
still a very wise decision though, just couldve had even more profit.
I guess that makes sense.
Will have to wait and see.
FOMOed into this shitcoin.
My gut tells me it's going to be pumped hard in the coming weeks.
ethereum isn't moving fast enough anyway i initiated a small test transfer almost an hour ago from Binance to Bit-z and still nothing has happened Zzz
I think we found the goose laying the golden egg
They didnt even release a whitepaper yet, you idiots are burning your money
Holy shit!
She's goin for another leg up!
They've released one in CHYNAEngrish is coming out later this week, fud master flex.
Accumulate quietly like an adult.
Imagine what would have happened if the BTC market was already open.
Fuck.BTC markets never close
He means if you could do BTC/NULS, currently on Binance you have to go to their proprietary coin BNB from BTC, then with BNB purchase NULS.
The upside is BNB doesnt charge fees when used on that exchange.
Didn't have an account bit-z and I was 99.99% sure someone else was already on it so I didn't even bother trying.Researched this project further and it looks pretty damn legit.
Lots of info on telegram and slack.
Chinese waking up?
Theres no info about this coin anywhereYou're throwing your money at a badly designed website with literally nothing about the token, the supply, or its use.
All you dumbasses know is that its named fking NULS with no idea what it is
There is an abundance on telegram and slack and if you have chinese friends, online.
Go ahead and talk shit.
I'm making money.
Lol
According to their slack theres 100mil tokens in circulationSo its already valued at 50mil mkt cap which is A LOT.So you dumbasses are better off putting your money into a better coin with a better team of google ex-devs advised by da hong fei like LRC, which is lower market cap.Derp.
No, 40m is circulating, 100m is total
WHY YOU NEED WHITEPAPER WHITE PIG?
JUST BUY ELEPHANT PARTNERSHIP BUYBUY
Oh, true.
My bad.
You’re jelly because our Chinese coin moon and your sucks.As said 100 milion total supply, 40 in circulation.
If I have 400 NULS will I make it?
Is it truly ground level?
ANON!
You will make it!We all will →
stupid burger that cant see past his bubble
I'm in China right now, it's 7 am.
Are you on the bottom of pic related?
DIP MOTHERFUCKER.
NULS keeps fucking going!
It's looking to MOON so fucking HARD today.
NO ONE BUY THIS IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A BAG HOLDER.
ITS AT ITS ATH YOUR LOOKING FOR A RECIPE FOR DISASTER.I'm just a stranger on the internet who probably just saved you all your money.
Thank me later.
i am in their slack since beginning, only one dev, shady,its going to be hue bag holder coin, p an d shit coin...njoy folks
IT IS NOT ALL TIME HIGH GO BACK TO THE FIRST WICK RETARDI WATCH THOUSANDS BE PURCHASED AT 25 WHOLE BNB PER COIN
I DONT want to be a bag holder so that means I should buy it then right
Yes.
;3
gonna LOL so hard when this creates more bag holders than linktell me when has it ever been a good idea to buy a coin thats up 220% and also tell me when has a coin NEVER corrected after going up 220%
when has it ever been a good idea to buy a coin thats up 220% BTCBCHetcetcetc
this coin is amazing the new neo and walton in one wow
I'm not saying that there won't be a correction, but you have to look forward.
This IS actually primed to go retardly parabolic.
Look for yourself.
Your fud is tasty tho.People always miss out on these china coins because of folks like you.
My nigga
>up 220%Late again.
But it's a very stable rise man.I was nervous last night, but practically everyone that bought is WELL in profit already.I dont get what the fudding is about.Probably just a mix of china hate and consolidation
What the fuck do you mean you dono't get what the fudding is about.
They have no white paper and I don't even know basically what they do.
That's what the fudding is about.
70% of my portfolio in this, uncomfy gains
Uncomfy gains?
lol Bro we are still climbing so hot and steady.
I only put 10% in last night, had a gut feeling I should have put more in (giggity).
Better late than never I guess but it makes me feel on edge considering it's basically a blind gamble
This entire coin reeks of a discord PnD group.
You have to be a retard to buy this now.
Happy for you.
I hope for our sakes it is what is appears to be; next antshares, WTC, ETP.
If so, we will all be fine.
4253225Had a giggle.
Cheers lads.
I have great hope for you.
Things are looking good, brother.Still going up
This isn't the next WTC or ETP LOOOOL This coin doesn't even have a fucking white paper and no one knows who the team is.
Buy EDO if your smart and want to actually see gains like WTC and ETP, I know this because I was the one that shilled ETP before it blew up and I have the same vibes for EDO
Completely agree brother.
Smart money is in EDO
aight im out, made a nice little 0.03 btc
NIce weak hands.
Gratz on ur piddling profits.
I'll send you a postcard from the moon.The whitepaper IS OUT in china.You'd have to be stupid to think that Binance and bit-z would list a shitcoin.
Jesus.The world is bigger than you.
You need to see that to make money.
It's called macro analysis.
wtf is EDO
Sure but can u send the white paper that's released in china?
It's a big world and it may not be a shit coin that doens't mean its not overvalued.
I put 15 dollars in it, and if the guy is right about a 40k% gain, I'll have 60grand at the end.
twf put $200 into it last night, on a gut feeling.
Feeling pretty comfy this morning.
If it goes 40k% I'm whipping my dick out and flogging the top off of it right here in my office.
lol is that way the only made it buyable with BNB?
In case it all backfires they can just pull some bullshit.
Another OP said they're gonna add a BTC/Null pair this week.
BTC and ETH pairs are coming.Binance is trying to incentivize and add value to their token by having this coin traded against theirs.
Their rep is on the line.
ARE WE GOING TO 1$ TONIGHTREEEEEEEEEEEe
$1 by midday.
$2 by tonight.
the next moon mission
For the record we're already at $0.60
how did you lose money, I bought yesterday at 0.16 it's at 0.3 now
thank you random tip whale!~up over 100% so far..
THIS IS WHAT BIZ IS ABOUT , when not laughing at wojaks
Because he's a lying fudder.
This made everyone that isn't a retard money since based op's call yesterday.
their rep is already ruined LOL first the entire link scenariothen some other bullshit i forgotthen the REQ fiasco Looool
having a job>getting excited over $80Fuck how much do they pay you?
I'm not even a whale friendo, just got a hot tip yesterday in a random thread on here and it kept coming true all day
DIP MOTHERFUCKER.
I want to get into NULS but I don't have any BTC or BNB...so I'd have to buy a crypto currency that's peaking only to convert it into another one and then finally into NULS....
And?
You're still going to get the same value in USD of NULS assuming you were going to immediately do all the transactions as soon as they verified and dont sit on any of the coins in between the process.
learn to maths fuckwit.
Are we gonna make it?
,000*
About to buy the fuck out of this "dip" if you wanna call it that.
We're gonna make it so far!
ya man, I'm buying moreALL ABOARD THE NULLS TRAIN
adding MOAR now
Take 100 bnb from Me fomo is strong.No Wp no more bnb from me sorry.
Thank you for the sacrifice anon.
More gainz for us.
Prepare the wojacks frendo.
Does HShares have another run in it?
Otherwise I'm thinking of moving funds over from that into this too.
Time is sort of a factor here lads.
Idk but this is running again right now.got more at .27 BNB tybg
I SEE THAT!
ONE MORE DIP BEFORE NEXT MOONSHOT PLOX!
Guys, name a good exchange I can get my $20k in USD from when all is said and done, and not be too heavily cucked by fees.
Bitfinex and buy EDOscreenshot this faggot
Think I might hold of on this actually.
HShares is looking imminent to break out again too.
Think it can get back to its ATH again without too much effort.
I'm adding more here and there but in reality any time in the next few days is a safe bet to enter, it's going to keep rising steadily throughout the week.
Even if its at ATH I'd enter NULS
I was so glad I listened to based OP
why whats so exciting?
Don't get me wrong, I'm in NULS too.
Just think I might be better just waiting and seeing if HShares will break resistence and keep going up as well.
Before moving what I have in that over as well.
Also hoping for a smallish dip in NULS.
Gotta get the timing right
Going to be THE CORPORATE ENTERPRISE BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTION OF THE ORIENT
Pulled the trigger on it.
HShares gone.
More NULS being added.
How high is this expected to go percent wise?
So far its gone really good for me.
I bought last night...cant remember the price.
Fuck.
According to OP from last night, 40,000%.
Is it too risky to try to take profits at 0.319 then catch just one more dip?
Feel like I might be pushing it.
I feel like if it hits there again it will explode.
Hold me guys.
good point
I think you're right.
Buy and hold
I'm holding, but if it hits there again, that's like the 5th time.
Bound to ROCKET & Strapped in.
Thanks based anon from last night.
I hope you show up so we can get you a beer.
I Need a dipFuck watched this shit all day yesterday and today and didn’t have the balls to buy in
This unironically might be the last dip before next moonshot.
This reminds me of Antshares first moon-mission.
Same.
Every I think I'm gonna accumulate a lil more it goes up on me and I'm like "damn.."
I know right.
And when they are watching that closely, playing that well.
It's just scary reminiscent.
With Antshares after I couldn't keep playing anymore I just held for a few weeks.
All of a sudden it was $50.
That was my first real moon mission then.
I have a good feeling with this one.
I really do.
DEPOSITING BTC TAKING TOO LONGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
>we're sorry, you've exceeded the maximum amount of attempts to verify your accountWHAT THE FUCK IS THIS FUCKING BUILSSHIT IM SO GOD DAMN PISSED WHY CANT SHIT JUST WORK
HERE WE FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!!!
Shit is still trading for 10% less on Bit-Z
why isnt this coin showing on my bal to reflect how much i have?
This is the future ofI can't stomach these shitty shill threads anymore.
You have about an hour before this starts going absolutely parabolic.
wtf is this?
I'm in for 420 nuls, here's hoping
They are toying with me.
Whales watching the thread stopping me from taking profits.
This is freaking me out a bit.
Been a shit month and I'm sort of in disbelief that good things can happen again.
But lets face it, just a month or so ago in August we had some good gainz too.
Time in the crypto-space just doesn't seem real sometimes.
Like some weird caricature of some wall st novel.
idk.
My balance reflects my holdings.
this just happened to me too
something to do with blockscan.io I think.
Exodus is having display problems too.
It's just a balance display fuck-up, it'll be fine.
some strange bug, dunno why it's doing it
It's gonna be fine.
Hodl.
You've seen what dumps look like if you've been in since august.
This hasnt come close to dump action.
Yes negative parabola at 8pm because the 24% won't be on the triple digits anymore
Because it’s worthless scam coin lol.
Got in end of June.
Thought I was late to the game until I got onto Antshares.
Had a few good runs since with OMG, QTUM and a few other shitcoins.
Looks like we bull season again now lads.
Them xmas pressies gotta come from somewhere.
Me too!
Zero balance for NULS!
Bug.
Even if it tanked completely it'd still have like .0000001 value
Not even slightly true.
Do some goddamn research.
Active slack and telegram.
English whitepaper incoming.
It's already out in china
Ok, stupid question but how do you buy alt crypto coins?
I see coinbase but that shits only doing BTC, ethereum, LTC.....
I want to catch the next moon
link to chinese whitepaper?
NULS and BTC pairs are opening up within an hour.
Could be the cause for the bug!
LOL at these last 5 minutes.
I almost sold at .3 and bought back at 0.27.
I could see it was going to happen.
But i bitched out.
I'm using binance, transfering eth/btc there then buying nuls.
mfw NULS>BTC
do you need BTC or eth before buying alt coins?
i did it, felt risky mayne, but there's so much up the ask book to prevent it from going high right now
That spike to 0.322
Am I a retard if I buy now?
Saw this yesterday but didn't buy, now it's doubled since then...
Where ???
I see no news nowhere
Buy it now it's going to be higher every day.
Realize this: this rise is mostly from the Chinese white paper being released.
English comes out later this week and Western normies will begin flooding in to buy NULS once it's out.
No.
This is still ground floor.
It is below $1 and there are only 40M circulating.
Based anon, really did give us the goods last night.
Bruhh.
This is going to be huge.
I've been buying this whole ride.
I'm gonna consider it dollar cost average when we're in moonville
just remember to sell low
4258539Just bought 200.
Either I'm going to get dumped on or make it.
Fuck I hope it's the second one.
Every now and then good things do happen anon.
Just wish I bought it yesterday lol.Do you have any price predictions on this, or where you plan on selling?
We're making it!
I have no idea, but based anon said 40000% And at this point I am among the believers.
no, but I find it to be the easiest way
If this goes even 10x from here I will personally suck off everybody in this thread.
spike is coming
OG Based anon tip
Btc/eth pair trading opened up.
See you fags on Saturn
You can buy some fine kneepads with those 10x gainz lad.
Now the normies will see!Praise kek
going to be some chaos as things even out across BNB/ETH/BTC
A few hours of tightening bands.
Then we moon.
If you know how to trade you can just bounce in between the whales.
Increase your stack bro and strap in.
How much you guys expect for that hypothethic 40k% moon?Two years?
Three?
Unironically 1 month.
not experienced enough, and too scurred to fall off the rocket, already missed putting .5ETH in when it was 30-40 cents cause got greedy, not going to do it again
oh, dang.
quads confirm it's true
Then just put what you can in and hold for a week.
Based anon has proven himself at this point in my books.
I only put $200 in to start with and have just bounced a few orders.
hopefully staying within safe margins.
But It's looking good so far, so I'm either going to the moon or crashing back to my starting $200 and pulling the plug.
But I REALLY don't see it going down that far now.
Do you?
IT HAS BEEN FORETOLD.
BUY NNOOOOW!!!
Noice.
Sold at 9290 and watching like an hawk the right time to get back in to improve my stack.
Second set of killer quads i've seen directly relating to this coins success!
Holy shit this coins the real deal lads
This scalping is so fucking tight, it took me 10 minutes to scalp just 1.5 when i was playing with ~800
Honestly I don't know enough to say.
I don't even know what tightening bands means.The BTC ask book isn't developed yet, nor is the BTC volume on Bit-Z yet even half of the volume on BNB.Longer term, if the claims have merit about it being the door opener for legal asian crypto, I suppose it could be the real deal
I think I'm going to stop trying before I get burned.
What’s your sell price?
I just FOMO bought back in after my sick quads get desu
Are you guys really buying into a chinese coin that has no white paper and you don't even know what it does?
Oh biz..... you are such fools.
There's going to be an ugly NULS dump when the weak hands panic sell
not believing in meme magic yetanon I...
BTC PAIRING, GET IN THE FUCK RIGHT NOWhttps://support.binance.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002663492
$NULS IS GOING TO THE MOON WITH OR WITHOUT HIM!
THE PROPHECY!
SHOULD I BUY SOME MORE BEFORE MOON SHOT?
Before the moon mission I would still appreciate a weak hands shake off, hope they try to keep he price low right now.
Search your heart anon.
You already know what you want to do.
should I dump my LINK and put it all on NULS?
I still don?t know If I should buy this chinkcoin, I tried looking at their page and it's lagged at fuck.
4259121are you all retarded?
the moon already happened its only gonna go down now
We already discussed this.
BTC pairing will cause a massive tightening.
And fast too, from the looks of things.
I'm actually getting frightened to try.
I think I'll just sell some other things and increase my position instead.
Because once it hits that point, it's fucking on.
just bought 50k of nuls, if this 40000% ill be a millionaire
Absolutely
I'm on fire with the gets today.
if 20m dollar coin is moon you retard.
People have been saying that since last fucking night lmaoYou're wrong get over it.
its not going 40000% guys are you crazy?
come on man this isn't the alt run like the middle of this year
This.
How do people not understand this simple fact?
this isn't that thing there's complete precedent for it to be
Man when WTC and ETP got shilled here at like $1 I didn't buy, kept thinking nah typical /biz/ shit, this looks similar.Already up over 10%.
If it drops back to what I paid, I'll sell, but looks like it's gonna keep rising.
Shit, someone knocked down that .36 wall, here we go
Someone posted a new thread if this one dies.
Has already received the blessings of KEK
$1 here we come
WOOOO!
I fucking love /biz/
Fuck.
Curse my not taking a chance last night.
But, I think we've all just been burned so bad the last few weeks....couldn't risk it.
Gonna see how this plays out today.
.40 and I'm in.
.40?
I have bad news for you anon.
90 CENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I know, I know...but it's just not worth the risk right now.
Every Chinese coin is "the next Neo".
1 FUCKING DOLLAR!
IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING
YES, 1.13 NOW!
Tfw my btc deposit is stuck.It's been 2 hours now.Guys can you suggest me on what to do?
fucking hell, don't even get me started, I just transferred over 200 and it hasn't had one confirmation.Good thing Binance only needs two, though.
Over 200 btc?
Fuck.Is the traffic jammed or what?I think my transfer's not been picked up.
Can I do something about this?
No, I fucking wish.
$200 worth of BTC.
Also, it's at 1 dollar again, now would probably be a good time to buy if anyone hasn't already.
FUCK GO DOWN I JUST KNOW WHEN I BUY THIS IT WILL SINK FUCK I SHOUL HAVE LISTENED LAST NIGHT FUCK MY LIFE
Good this way you get to pay top dollar for it ;)
Lmao.
You're gonna make it anon.
Someday you'll have 200 btc.
True.
All of us in here will.
The claims on the website and the way the word what it's going to enable and do indicates that it's a scam just like elixir.
what a fucking call yesterday anon!!!
On Bit-Z and Binance?
I think we are probably in for a good half hour to hour of sideways movement.
Risky but fucking exciting it you're trying to increase your stack.
already bought and sold this shit scam coin, thanks for the free money!
We'll remember you fondly at $5
$5
Fuck it.
I'm in.
Go to $3, please.
When do you think enough is enough for tonight?Are we going to retest the 16000 sats?
BTC buy orders @ $1.03.
Pretty safe.
These guys know what they do.
This shit is going at least $5.
We dont know anything yet about "these guys" stop memeing around and fooling our people
I'm not fooling anyone, the market cap is still very low, it has huge potential.
Strap in.
I hope you've heard of moon missions.
You're in one.
sitting at 10% higher on Bit-Z than on Binance, the stall at a dollar shouldn't last
I'm not risking my $200 until it budges.
If this shit hits .00012 I'm out... will bite my fingers until then.
Set buys for 0.46 thank me later.
Got out at 2x.
Think: for it to go to $2, it needs ANOTHER $40million into it, totaling to an $80million valuation with NOTHING to show for it.Enjoy biz, good luck to you buying now.
lol.
could have gone even lower.
oh well an increase in my stack is still an increase.
Nope.
0.42 is new bottom.
And this instant snap back just shows it will be lucky to even hit there again.
You could have just listened you know.
what's with the scare tactics?
>buy at 12700>panic sell at 1100i'm really not cut out for this
If you sold at that obvious last top and bought where i said you would be up again right now.
So what scare tactics are you talking about.
oh shit you were talking in BNB, thought you were talking in cents and I was losing my fucking mind
4260068^He's right you know
I'm out boys, simple 70% made in like 2 hours.
Goodluck
He realised Just trying to help my /biz/ bros out too.
https://medium.com/@Bit_z.com/nuls-will-be-listed-on-bit-z-making-progress-on-internationalization-2f4595899db6Offers a little bit.
you're optimizing bumps, which is great, I just don't know that I see the picture well enough to go along with trying to eek out +10% a few times on the way up
you do you brother, we're all gonna make it anyway.
just lurk moar and you will get the gist.
Every new Chinese coin WILL be the next NEO or WTC or ETP or XAS.The reason is that strict regulations are now in place.
Each new blockchain must benefit a specific industry, have corporate partnerships and work directly with the Chinese government.There will be tokens that will not meet this strict criteria, but they will still be heavily regulated.
This.
Time to reap the befits of being early adapters.
Weak hands got shook, now we need our xmas bonuses.
yea i'll try, just hard to figure out patterns I thought the sell book said bail at over 1.10 and rebuy after a lowering but too new to have confidence to act
What's his endgame?
Thanks for that 100% couldv e been more but I didn't jump out in time might come back might not we shall see thanks based anon!!!
Already crashing.
Dump now or regret it later.
Yes.
People who took the time to read and understand what was happening in China recognized this opportunity for what it is.There will be no more scam coins from China.
Retard.
It spikes, drops a decent amount, then goes right back up.
4260295forgot to mention this.VOLATILITY
Did you know that people actually take profits from time to time?
I don't know why either, hold and the end game will be the ultimate profit.
That's what I say.
I did say 0.42 was the new bottom.
If you weren't greedy and set at 0.43 and bounced you would be golden right now.
Yes, just explaining the dip to this guy
But now we going back to 0.50
what does this even men?
you listening to some chinese podcast/news channel where you coming up with this?
I have the sight.
A momentary view into what can be.
When it is good it is good.
When it goes away I end up depressed for months, until it comes back.
Take that however you want.
I'll take it as a LARP.
Take it however you want my man.
works for me
There is almost no sell pressure up to 0.47 and beyond.
But plenty of buy at 0.41.
Looking good.
Out of curiosity, what does NULS do?
I want to add it to my 2025 pasta
what does NULS do?pic
It takes a lot of disparate connecting for a westerner to put it together it seems, but from what I habe gathered they provide customizable backends in the form of side chains to chinese enterprise.
There are aspects of neo in that it can be a platform, aspects of walton, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of ven as they provide an anticounterfeiting protocol.
All of those features are already present in their parent chain.Partnered with inchain already.They have some kind of deal with a huge chinese payroll and accounting firm.
Thank you, expect to see NULS added to the past when I post it again sometime on the weekend.
Also, holy fuck that is Really making me want to FOMO buy some more.
Not much to lose at this point.
Under a buck.
So new.
Go for it.
And, all this is going to result in 40k% gains?
really?
Whos the guy buying 666 nuls
is the BNB pairing slowing down and shifting to BTC buying?
The thread that started this all 
I was there, and have been a large presence in both of these running threads too, if you haven't noticed.
Should I throw more into this coin?
Will it crash overnight?
It might dip.
But we are going to $5.
But before we get there we will hit $1.50, then $2.00, then $3.
There will be profit taking.
Don't be scurred.
If you can take the risk, take some profits too.
Otherwise just buy now and sell at $5 end of month
Me too.
Can't wait to look back and say that I was there when it all started.
no way this guy is the fucking anon.
I agree.
Unless it is and he is saying this because he sold like he said he did and wants back in
fuck it.
i'll eat the loss if it goes down, but we are holding steady.
it will forever haunt me if this goes to even $3 and i didn't fucking get in.
also, supposedly an english whitepaper is coming today or tomorrow.
might push this to $2
just broke $1 again.
just sitting comfy.
poor college student here, bought $15 worth last night, sitting on $50 when its around $1.
comfy asf.
If it hits 2 i will actually cum.