Obsidian is the next moon mission over the past 3 days it is the up 40% and this is just the start.
If your alts are red right now they should be immediately sold as they are coins that will die.
ODN will be utilized by real people in the future.
Here's to a 10x in the next 2 months.
digits confirm
I love obsidian and I'm looking forward to it in the next few months but shilling for people who just want to flip it quickly isn't what it needs
Buy ODN.
Post memes to annoy the fudders
This.
We need long-term investors who believe in the project.
We need natural, sustainable growth.
This thing is headed back to 3k sats just like the last pump .
It can't seem to hold past 4K .Anyone buying now is a tard
Damn you Obsedian devs!Why rape my dog!?!
You just trying to flip it again?
I'll believe it.
Sellers have been shaken out, time for it to rise again.
Falling for the pump meme
heh heh,Come on in and get on the pump guys.
heh heh, ODN going to 4500 sats and then back to 3300.I mean..to 10k after that.
heh heh
You really are just ridiculously pathetic at this point.
You have to realize that, right?
Doesn’t it bother you?
No need to over sell it, we don't want to become a joke like the link holders.
Any word on other projects than just the messenger?That's the kind of activity we need to get ODN moving
is there anywhere I can do an OTC trade?
I really don't trust any Tether exchanges and that rules out most of the altcoin hosts.
I want in for at least a masternode, I have a few btc i could throw
Name of girl?
I will buy $1000 of your rupee stock for a correct answer.
The most promising aspect is they're working with tamico and working on getting listed on new exchanges.I'm sure new apps will follow the messenger.
ODN believers will be richly rewarded.I can't believe people are so obsessed with chainlink when Sergey is sitting on his fat ass.
ODN team is active on slack, active on Twitter, has a larger team, smaller market cap, working with tamico, and producing constant updates to the roadmap and platform.It is the most obvious x10 in crypto and people just wanna FUD it.
That should be a buy signal because we know the majority of /biz/ is retarded.
Jackpot trips of truth if you needed any more confirmation that ODN will make holders rich.
what are they doing with tamico?im got 15k odn myselfive just gotta decide if i want to sell the 5k to get my initial investment back on dec 4, or hold all the way to the moon
CEO's last name is literally Pajeet.
And what happens after the app release?
you do realize there is a phrase called by the rumor sell the news.
Now that the rumor has been debunked about the app release, its already priced in.
Unless the team discusses more developments, then its gonna hit a wall.
"More soon" doesnt count
We are the ODN Marines and we will not fucking sell
4532742Open vageen
ruri saijo.
Hello sirs Pravik Pajeet here I make very good app yes thank u
Not now Pajeet, it is shill time.
Thank you.
You can tell Pajeet the money has been transferred.
I control ODN prices on cryptopia till Thursday.
Feel free to use this information as you choose.
what do you think will happen with it after dec 4 and why
but it is thursday
this one is spicy
This shit is mooning as soon as it's on a bigger exchange.After the marketing update and the app release, we're definitely going over a dollar.
> 0 Indians on team> most devs are Germans and EuropeansMuh pajeet narative thoStay poor NODNers
pajeet coin is going to go nowherebetter get out now before pajeet runs with bag
t. salty nodin