Hey bros I'm in college for engineering right now and after 4 years all I can say is damn college fucked my ass.
I hated my major but grinded through it.
Now that I'm graduating I realize I'm just going to be thrown into the rat race and become a wagecuck.
How can I escape quickly and achieve financial freedom?
I'm willing to work as hard as possible to make it.
Any methods?
do not go out drinking with friends.do not date or try to hook up with girls.focus all your energy on saving money.buy BTC with savings.wait 3-5 yrs.do whatever you want
trading crypto is nice but you may not have what it takes.
It's not hard at all but you just have to be able to make correct decisions despite the circumstances, and swallow some redpills.
You can also create a company but unless you love to do something specific, you may also be wagecucking for a good part of life
But I feel as if doing this will cause me to miss out on my youth.
I don't want to care about money, but I still think about it every day.
I want to be able to go out and have fun but at the same time be financially independent.
How can I do this?
if only the world has this logic
In part of the startup club at my college but everyone is fucking retarded and doesn't want to commit.
They also want people to sign NDAs for their shitty Facebook for cats ideas
You have to slave for quite awhile if you aren't born fortunate, but if you focus and live frugally you can definitely be free by age 40, but the trap is that's when you would be earning the most and many find themselves saying "one more year"Set hard goals and do not backtrack
-5 yrs is nothing.
then waste your 20's on stupid shit.t.
wasted my 20's on stupid shit.
i am literally doing plan in first post and will retire next year
oops.
see 
Save money >Buy assets >Use assets to make additional money while also saving money from original job>Keep buying assets until you no longer need additional jobs>Now you live off assets This is the extremely simplified version of what you must do
anon, Im you 5 years from now.
I'll give you advice based on my mistakes and my successes.1.
get a robinhood and put half of your paycheck into a stock index fund.
robinhood allows automatic bankwithdrawals, all you have to do is manually buy the stock every 2 weeks.
it takes about 5 minutes.I missed out on about 100k because I was afraid of the stock market crash.
2.
Buy a used car, don't go fancy.
A mercedes might impress your friends, but it will make you poor.3.
have friends, but know your financial limits.
$20 a week isn't going to break your budget.4.
if you find a civilian government job, keep it.
It may be soul crushingly boring, but that's what after work is for.
and you won't be nickeled and dimed on raises by your boss.5.
keep a low profile in the office.
don't talk too much, never say anything controversial, and treat women as angels that could ruin your career at any time.
People care 0% about how productive you are, and 100% about how pleasant you are to be with 8 hours a day.i quit my new job a month ago because the management were control freaks.
I could comfortably do jack shit for two years, maybe more if my investments do well.
I'm going to use this time to work on my own projects, then go back to wagecucking if I have to.
I have nightmares of cubicle life man.
It's making me reconsider my life.
I'm trying hard to get a startup going before I graduate
im writing my masters thesis right now and i just got into crypto last week because i dont want to do this shitI WANT TO NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET RRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Make your $100k, max out your 401k, hodl major coins, invest in etfs, enjoy life normally not like these tards
write a trading bot
i have too but then i wake up feeling dead sleepy and literally 50/50 every morning to kill myself and then i go to my cubicle and work 11hours minimum, co workers do extra 3hwelcome to japan bro, at this point i cant wait until ai takes all jobs because the jobs we have here are complete fucking joke.
what about all the japanese women who want to fuck neets?
#1 is dumb.Match 401k, max roth, max hsa, max 401k, in that order.
Have money left over?
Then play with stocks.Unless you are suuper confident you can beat the market and overcome the tax savings through your skills, at which point, open a hedge fund and become a billionaire
Cube isnt that bad, but then again through wierd circumstances im my own boss
your fellow young engi here.
Throw every last cent you own at crypto and retire in 2 yrs.
Started with nothing this may, now approaching 6 figs
First things first, I would advise you to EDUCATE YOURSELF.
Read these especially the lazy mans way to riches.
You could start simply by getting a job paying around $40k a year>live below your means >save $25,000 a year>in four years you will amass $100,000>Take one of the three roads>Start A Business (Find A Mentor and ask them to help you become successful)>Make A Portfolio (Find a Mentor and invest in Cryptocurrency, stocks, bonds, amenities, options, etc) >Invest in Real Estate (Find a mentor and ask them to help you become successful)
Really?
I started with 4 figures in September now down to 2.
Teach me senpai?
wtf did you do
is now a good time to buy btc?
I made bad decisions, impatience
it's real simple, but learn a trade.
I'm also and engineerfag but before I was I worked in concrete, paid fairly good and you still got a sense of completion and creativity at the end of every project.
Whether it's construction or plumbing or even welding, find something that allows you to work with your hands and do something that results in a finished product.
yes, if you do not understand why then research moar.
people saying it's going to crash have no idea what is actually happening or they are butthurt nocoiners
People care 0% about how productive you are, and 100% about how pleasant you are to be with 8 hours a day.This is so true it hurts.
Lol I wanna spend money , be rich and I don't wanna work for it.
Since when are they accepting retards at the university ?
Facebook for cats ideasStolen, thanks.
4270389This is meI'm in my 3rd year at uni doing engineering and it's hard as fuckI feel like a fucking brainlet faggot and I'm too lazy to work (adhd meme) I feel like I'm going to end up dropping out and wagecucking for a while until the day crypto saves me, that or I kill myself.
Japan fucked themselves over with the "work hard bro" mentality.>People work hard gov many shekels, gov happy>People make no kids, to much stress, expensive>Gov losing it's shit because their retarded idea is collapsing on itselfJapan is going to go down a recession for the next 10 years if the gov does not fix their "work hard bro" shitfest mentality.HUMANS ARE NOT EVOLVED TO WORK 11/8 HOURS A DAY OK?A few hours top to get get food and shelter.
Japans capitalism will collapse on itself because of greed, and no growth = death sentence for capitalismNo I do no endorse communism either.
I do support Universal Basic Income.
Damn bro, it's better than being a waiter, or like most other things.
Certainly better than before civilization.
Chill out and appreciate that you don't have to worry about having to genocide your neighboring tribes because they're over hunting the animals that feed your family or something.
There are worse ways to survive.
Best advice in this thread.
Thanks anon.
best post here.
Writing it out like that doesn't make "making it" seem so bad.
Thanks anon.
How do you find a mentor though?
"knowladge" - Tai Lopez
Get rich in this PnD group --> retire --> https://discord.gg/QhwBPEd
think Cryptocurrency will still exist in 4 years time*gulps*
Literally every fucking book has said this They all made millions by finding some other asshole that has already made millions and learning exactly what to do Especially that lying dickhead Kiyosaki
I work with some engineers.Literally le virgin meme, miserable people, who get dumped on by everyone from management to contractors.
Get paid poorly and their work is tedious and unrewarding, mostly copy and paste.You rarely do any calculations beyond simple arithmetic and maybe trig.
Studied physics and soon saw rat race nearing.
Dropped out 3rd yr to work full time.
Any job.
To invest in bitcoin.
Actually landed a decent AutoCAD job after refreshing those skills.
After 1 yr am now proficient AutoCAD 2D drawer and an moving on to 3D and animation on freelance basis, of which most work can be done by laptop under the tag "this is the new working".
It's catching on and soon I'll be able to chill under palm trees indefinitely.
Assuming you're not /pol/>Save up $10k-$20k>Move to turd or even 2nd world country>Marry qt3.14, she'll happily get knocked up>live better than most there and raise happy family while comfortably living off whatever investment you made with your - by 1st world standards - small savings.
t. 1992>think interwebz will exist in 1996 lmao
The internet was completely different in 96
#4 is no joke.
I sometimes miss it, but hated it.
Saved my money and started buying rental properties.
I have a few things underway to work for myself, too.
I have more drive to become a self-man than a corporate man.I'm happier for it, but sometimes think if I spent a few more years in the (easy) cube grind that I could have pumped more money into my business and grown it faster.
Easy to say now tho because when I was there I fucking hated it every day.
Majority of these books are stock bull shit.
This list should at least have a representative minority of real estate books, which is far more doable for most people than making it big on stocks.
The rest of these books are going to be common sense work hard and save your money.Honestly, most of biz or spirited money-makers would do well reading The Richest Man in Babylon.
It's easy, fun, and to the point on using your money to make more money.
We're being genocided now you retard.
It had in 2011-2015
Be in Eastern Europe1000 € / month = considered upper middle class500-600 € / mo = living expenses for prole lifeThere goes your save 25k p.a.