What do you do once you cash out with with 100k from cryptocurrency profits?I live in Canada is the government gonna want half of that?
I am a religious organization.
Give it all to me as a "donation" and I will give it back to you, tax-free.
Is that what I need to do?
Make up a relgiion?sounds in line with my interests
if BTC ATMs become popular enough you could use cash as much as possible tax free.
Groceries, gas, strippers, drugs, etc
Holy fuck I would love to pay strippers in btc
No.
Give it to someone else that is already a religious organization.
Making one is quite the process and will cost you over $100k anyways.
good question OPi wanna move to canada but i dont wanna give up my crypto
Genius AnonDo you actually do that or is this tax evasion?
>make 400k from crypto>cash out>Canadian government demands 50% or else they will kill my family
I CHIME IN

This.
Just wait.
The BTC windfall will buy you groceries for life, so every last dollar of wagecuckery can go towards paying mortgage and other tax-free endeavours.Fuck the government.
So basically I need to wait until BTC becomes mainstream?
What about buying up bulk gold and silver?
Does precious metal have to be claimed as gains if it's delivered to my home?
There's bound to be a route to launder it.
Buy high-end tuna and deal it to sushi dealers.
Those fuckin' fish can go for $20,000 a piece up on long island.
Good question
Sure you can do this, but then whenever you want to use the gold to buy something you have to cash it in, and (at least in my country) if you need to do that in any kind of hurry you're going to take a loss on it that is basically as bad as tax.If you just want to get out of crypto into a more stable investment this wouldn't be a bad option.
I have gold and crypto personally.
More gold than crypto, partially because because I'm risk averse, partially because I dithered too damn long for the cryptotrain.
I would too like to know the answerAny Canadians here?
What do we do with out winnings?
Get raped abd say thank you?
That's not funny anon!We get raped in taxes every day.I should be making 2300 bi weekly but the government makes it so I only make 1400 bi weekly so we can pay for homosexuals to get their genitals turned inside out
Go to a bitcoin ATM.
That can't be traced
where can I find these atms?
I accept other people's money and yes, it's legal tax evasion.
I stumbled across my local one on localbitcoins.com.Otherwise try google
What are fees for a btc atm?
Open a bank account in Romania, Bulgaria or Cyprus attach a credit card to that account and take the credit card back to Canada and enjoy ur tax free money.
The fucked me over $10 for a $200 cash deposit.
I live in a backwater town in a backwater country though.
Canada should be less.
So open the credit card in another country?
And then bring it back to canada?
Judaism?
BTC ATM>Tax free.I pity your ignorance
NO ONE HAS ANSWERED THE QUESTION!!!!
!HOW DO I AVOID THE GOV TAKING MY MONEY
Seriously though what the fuckI'm American and am going to just pay long term capital gains tax (~20%) after HODLing for a year, but still.
We finally make it from the bottom and they fuck us.
fuck off IRS fedfag
Make less than $37k a year and its 0%, plus 4-10% state tax
Did you need ID and shit?Or can you get it anonymously?
JMBullion 1oz gold bars.
Shipped to a PO box They take BTC,Move those over Craigslist at Spot.
You’re welcome mr Fed
They hate us cuz they ain't us.They deserve the bullet
learn 2 tax mancap gains is 15%you only pay on gainsyou suck if you don't have writeoffs for your investment bizexchanges for "like for like" are not taxeddon't buy coffee with your fucking cryptoget a salt loan and live off that instead
Use SALT lending once they open shop in Canada.
You might lose 25% at most but also could gain 1000%.
If you want to tip a BTC or a few satashois for this intel or my trips BTC I just saved you 30,000 dollars 1QJeLLdHkGdoxDw5KMZWXxDLd48AVHsLrY
I wish I understood what you are saying
Revolution when?The whole point of the United States was to get away from cucked tax laws
4441253the famous gamer Athene actually made his own religion in Germany to evade taxes.
Neuro-spinosizm aka Athenismhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l03Uhrjx1b8
Nice, might consider
What was so difficult to understand?
Say you invest 100 dollars and make 200 dollars back, the gain is 100 dollars.
The gain is all you need to tax.
No ID needed.
I fed cash into a machine and scanned the code.
I presume it works the other way too.