Bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin.
Just went all in no joke.
90% discount.
Get in guys.
Just opened a short @750 usd.Hold me bros
HAHAHAHHAAH
Seriously though.
Whale here.
I'd contemplate going in more but I'm too big to really get in this pool all at once.
Sold 10% of my BTC yesterday, popped it from 0.080 to 0.087 on poloniex.Personally I think BTC has life in it, probably 3-12 months, but it's a ticking timebomb.
>>UWGPt8uggoog luck mayne, just tried the same stunt at .98 and got wrekt for 1 BCC.
made it back already but dayum.
>>rwkkvyDZ
Idk how boomers found this place
You will make it.
Bitcoin Cash has been, is, and always will be worth point one Bitcoin.
(One tenth the value of bitcoin, or (.1 ))It is way oversold atm.
Good time to short.
Shorting here 100x leverage it will dump so hard

Are you diversified among your exchanges.
You better be on Binance Bittrex and KrakenStart moving now.
you know what to do bro1PQKYfw9kK3uB3NDKNV6oo5tTtq1cKpdR4 btc
Most whales have had a very long time to accumulate.
You're kinda fucked in regards to buying around these prices.
You'd have to hope for a dip down below the 710 fib line.
this smart money was in on this months ago.
but it can still go up
YOU NEED TO ACT FAST PEOPLE
Someone with a brain on biz?
literally wtf.
It most certainly will.
You would just have to be retarded to pay a 15%+ premium
Don't think, just buy my bags before it retraces!!!
Hurry!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think at the very least, a little caution is in order here.
You're a core shill spouting tired memes.
I'm sorry.
Your gravy train was broken and they refused to fix it.
You need to seek mental help anon....
this graph is the opposite of caution to anyone who knows how to read it
Furk just imagine if coinbase market sells all of it
I'll buy the news into anything that doesn't have the fucking word "bitcoin" in it.
Plague word.
http://bitcoin3x.org
far fuckin' out, man
hows that short at 750 going?
how many x margin is it?
Coinbase won't sell it all.
My guess is that with enough price stability they'll just open a market for it.
T H E F L I P P E N I N G
I don't see it that way.
It's a binary question- will Bitcoin Cash surpass BTC?
It's a 0 or 1 thing.
If cash doesn't overtake BTC its growth is limited, it'll collapse to near nothing.
If it has real potential it should surpass Bitcoin proper both in price and hashpower.So whether I'm increasing my stack 12x or 9x is kind of irrelevant so long as I'm confident enough in the outcome.
I'm not really timing the market, I'm looking for underlying information on Bitcoin's success.For me, failure of Segwit2x was enough for me to sell off 10%.
As more information accumulates I'll react accordingly.
I can't guess the future.
It's oversold by 50 bucks a coin.
this should be interesting when it snaps back, as in how far down it goes after being pushed way up past what is Non fud non fomo reality..
4278574Go back to /reddit/
he doesn't see the bigger picture
Dude thanks man.
That means a lot.
The people buying BCH right now see the whole forest while corecucks are chained to a tree.
looking for a nigga to red pill me on Lightning Network.
Anyone pls?
42786134278633I unironically hope core pays you pajeets at least a few thousand saotshis per post for your tireless work, you FUD in literally every BCH thread on /biz/
thisthe failure of S2X was the final nail in the coffin for BTC.
https://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/mathematical-proof-that-the-lightning-network-cannot-be-a-decentralized-bitcoin-scaling-solution-1b8147650800"How are paths found in the LN?"
https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/43687/how-are-paths-found-in-lightning-network>The Whitepaper doesn't make mention of any means to find a path without discovering the network manually.
Not saying it shouldn't exist, just simply that currently in LN no data structure or filter is in place to make this scalable.
">in LN no data structure or filter is in place to make this scalableLN is vaporware my dude.
"Lightning Network" just means "BTC has been taken over by the Jews".
Agreed.
But I mean even if they can solve this pathing issue, the whole idea is utterly retarded unless I'm missing something.I mean think about this: To open a channel to a LN node, I have to fund it with Bitcoin.
And then, then that Bitcoin is stuck in that channel until the channel is closed, which means neither I nor the receiving node can use the coin for anything else for several weeks or however long the channel stays open.
And I have to pay fees to close the channel.
And I have to pay fees to add coin to the channel.I mean... wtf?
Who is buying this bullshit?
Am I wrong in my understanding?
I dont even
Gotta love these BCH propaganda threads.
I thought you guys all killed yourselves after the first dump.
you really don't understand how this whole crypto trading thing works
And it completely destroys the decentralization of Bitcoin.
Only way for LN to function is with big centralized payment hubs, as no-one else will be able to compete to actually process transactions, due to the fees of getting on chain.
Especially now that BTC blocksize is stuck at 1MB forever, fees are going to be even worse.
Honest question: is bitcoin cash using an algorithm that has an ASIC that is patented by jihan wu?
Or bitmain?
Or some big miner?
I heard this, thought it was a bit of a conspiracy, realized crypto market is extremely shady and now am pretty positive its true.
Talk about centralization, BCH IS CENTRALIZED.
WHAT A FUCKING SCAM
No.
Jihan has a patent on a way to make mining slightly more efficient.
It's called ASICBOOST and he 'promised not to use it' or some shit
wait there you go.
Thats exactly what I read and thats shady as fuck.
Jihan basically owns BCH, he'll always be the most profitable, he has incentive to create the biggest mining farm, eventually go over 51% and fuck everyone.
Even if he doesn't reach 51%, he's still making the most money and therefore the most invested in it.
Its not the true spirit of bitcoin I'll tell you that.
yea it's true that Jihan is the master mining gookBut it doesn't really matter.
He's got literally hundreds of millions invested in Bitcoin and if anyone catches him doing something evil, the value of BTC and therefore his investment will plummet.
So he's working reaaaally fucking hard to make sure everything keeps going smoothly.
He's not gonna fuck everyone because he's got more to lose than anyone.
Trusting chinaman
I trust them not to fuck themselves in the ass for $100 000 000 yes
So when does this dip?
Is this the worst possible time to buy BCH
Naa it's a decent time to buy, BCH is going up for the immediate future.
Bitcoin has no scaling plan and $10 fees.
When the world wakes up to this truth BCH can only rise.
anon, this IS the dip
Bitcoin Cash gonna be the new king.
Gonna be historic.
4279594For real, will I cry tomorow when it dips to 600?
It won't and you wont.
It might go down a little bit in the next 24 hours but 2 weeks from today you'll be happy.
You cannot predict the future, but you should be able to make a guess.
ASICBOOST only gives a 20% advantage over regular ASICs
% is still pretty big.
This matters guys.
Its not fucking decentralized for shit.
Whats the point in supporting this really?
Its satoshi's true vision?
To scale on-chain exclusively?
No innovation ever except increasing block size?
If you're just looking to make money, you should be trying to find the next alt that goes 10x or more.
Thats how we build real wealth.
Until Coinbase adds it, BCH will just hover where it is.
who is this brown semen demen
yellow power ranger number 28
It will be above 0.2 before the fork.
Literal 2x in a few days.
Becky G
% was referring to the mining speed boost obtained from a special type of hardware.It had nothing to do with BCH or BTC price.You should look into getting an adderall prescription.
We're going to 873, fellas
And it completely destroys the decentralization of BitcoinLN is optional, the idea is to outsource small payments to this settlement layer in order to keep the chain unclogged>Especially now that BTC blocksize is stuck at 1MB foreverWho said that?
Blocksize will increase, contentious hard fork or not.
>up 10% the flipenningpic related
It won't be optional for long.
LN is a trojan horse through which the Jews plan to hijack BTC and the entire crypto ecosystem
Its literaly impossible.
How can you even entertain such an idea?
You guys can circle jerk over each other as much as you want, the market will not give its money over to you without good reason.
Jihans pockets run deep.
They will continue this faggotry for years.
Just hodl right?Kek.
After the 14th bcash crashes.
astounding how the legions of BCH shills are already starting to invade this board.
best sign to stay away now or become bagholder forevebuy now into the pump = get rekt
This FUD

I really cant stand you faggots.
Jihan does not influence the value of bitcoin except through subversive means (this thread).
Who gives a fuck though?
Throughout all the chink attacks aimed squarely at core since July the price tripled.Let them skreech like the coveting simians they are.
LN is a trojan horse through which the Jews plan to hijack BTC and the entire crypto ecosystem>the entire crypto ecosystem

As soon as LN is ready, laws making BTC the only legal crypto will be aggressively pushed.
Exchanging any other coins for USD will be outlawed.
If you can't see this coming then you're a drooling retard.