I warned you fucking niggers about LTCOver the past week I've created like 10 threads telling you to buy low.
Now it's starting to moon, and it's only the beginning.
are you the anon that said to wait after 6:30pm a couple nights ago for a happening?
No, but he was one of the smart ones.
its going to reach 1/10th parity with bitcoin eventually.
In the near term (i.e.
before christmas) it is going to touch $200 (won't stay there initially because of profit taking).
/10th is too much IMO, but 0.015 will be reality very soon.0.02 is quite possible too.
If that barrier is passed though, I can't predict how high LTC will go.
LTC has the worst whales I'm not taking the risk.
Have fun
whats you opinion on CHAINLINK
Holy fuck 10% how could you ever be so fucking rad dude
Haven't done any research on it
Price predictions for today lad?
AAAAAAAAAA
I've never invested in Litecoin before, is this pump over or is this a dip.
I don't want to be burned again.
Looked like it was bouncing off a $70 floor... that last red candle though Memes aside, the 1 minute chart is retarded
It's basically a better bitcoin, with 10x the number of coins.
1/10th is a price FLOOR not a price ceiling in the long term
Its still running up.
Might pause for a day at $70, but this will be $140 by christmas
Who’s this nigger flashing his 100K dick at 68.4 on bittrex?
I bought at .0092, sold at .0096, then rebought at .0092.
How long will I be holding these bags for?I've been justed too many times this last month to be justed again.
I took your advice, up 500.
Thanks anon!
I knew being a lifetime lurker wiuld pay off somehow
You have nothing to worry about imho.
Litecoin is still fairly unknown.
People are starting to realize it though.
I just read a seekingalpha article that mentioned litecoin.
Discovery is a lot like a tsunami.
Right now, we are seeing the tide being sucked in before the full force of the water wall unloads on our ungrateful faces.
where were you guys when you realized that LTC was /our coin/ all along and that ETH was just a noob trap?
relax, LTC is too big too just shoot up to 100$ with no resistance.
It's a coin of stable growth, don't expect 30% up in a day
I definitely saw at leats 7 of your threads and i finnaly decided to buy one for like 64.Thanks for the few bucks anon
litecoin is unknownBut it's on Coinbase.
Isn't it one of the top coins?
I just wanted to make some of my money back with this.
I heard LTC was gonna moon soon so I wanted to buy yesterday but BCH fucking dropped and didn't reach my sell order while I was sleeping.
I don't have much money left, what should I put my sell order at for LTC?
What is it going to reach this weekend.
I can't be looking at candles nonstop.
got some news for you, anon.
you definitely wont make it.
ive only held ltc for years, never made another trade since and still probably made a better profit than you
I was doing well until I got justed S2X the other week, and then FOMO'd into BCH to try make my money back.
Bitcoin is pretty well known at this point, but majority of people think of it as some super complicated thing that only hackers know how to use.
Coinbase is pretty unknown.
Sure, just about everyone who buys crpytos in the U.S. has a coinbase account.
But the people buying cryptos are a minority.
And most people who wander on to the site are there because they googled "how to buy bitcoin".
Litecoin and Ethereum are still getting very little attention
it's not too late for me is it?
No, merely refueling right now
>tfw all in on bitcoin and litecoin
So you're conclusion is that LTC will moon due to people using it to transfer their profits from BTC right?
Not only that, news about atomic swaps + potential upcoming developments to LN and privacy matters point to it aswell.And let's not forget TA.
Strong bull trend.LTC is nearly at it's lowest ever level compared to BTC
4404624also, dont forget that CT is coming to LTC.also, if for whatever the fuck reason is happening with this BCH, people will have a quick outlet from their BTC to LTC.
It's my #2 coin and likely to become #1
no i was, i knew this was coming, i wanted you guys in early.
If you didn't heed my warning and get in before the mooning started, i'm sorry you didn't listen.
I work 2 days in advance of what traction is showing.