Why does no one on here trade FX?
Market is rigged by the banksters
Bc it’s tbe scummiest jewiest market around and that evil kike Soros in heavily involved or some shit.
I do, it's easy as hell if you know what you're doing, and more consistent as a source of income than crypto.
a lot more fees and way less volatility
Biggest loss rate of any market.
I think just about every market besides crypto requires you to be at least 18 years of age, and we a have a lot of spillover from /b/ and /v/ here
yeah... noforex is literally the hardest of hard things to trade besides agriculture futures
I trade it, but I don't do much better than breaking even most of the time.
Honestly, not worth the time, but I enjoy it.
It's almost more of a hobby than an investment/income source for me.
that's because like 90% of people treat it like stocks is rightyoure not gonna hit it big on one trade, but if you know what youre doing, you just trade daily and keep getting money
My Oanda account number is only 5 digits long.
You can figure out what that means.
I can tell you some stories about forex, my friend.
I'd like to when I actually have a decent amount to trade with, on crypto you can start with a 100$ on FX you get fucked by fees
just trade demo until you build enough capital on your own
Tell us a story
I took down the great dragon called EUR/USD which swallowed up the entire NYSE volume in 3 days, oh wow.
The market makers swayed her against me but my low margins meant that I could persist and scale harder.
I was able to eat that week because, against all odds, that beast had been slain.
The next day I embraced the bitter cold awaiting the next dragon, as there were many seeking their vengeance.
There was one who dared to approach: USD/JPY the great dragon from the far east.
I readied my bow, took the best shot I could and was able to make her hesitate enough to go in with my broadsword.
I only trade crypto now.
Approach it as if it was gambling, except you have a huge edge on the house due to your knowledge.Forex is a really bad idea to invest into, but it's great to ride the waves.
There's been very little volatility for most of the year.
Hard to make money when markets are barely moving.
At the moment crypto has the volatility to make money just not as much liquidity.
Nigger I trade the forex.
You have to be the best of the best.
Just making 20% in a day isnt enough if you cant maintain it (takes years to learn properly)
Because fiat currency are shitcoins controlled by (((them))), and guess what?
You aren't part of the (((tribe)))
Because it's not listed on bittrex
43820724382562You guys mind showing off some of your trades?How many pips are you able to extract out of the market daily or weekly?
What's your pip risk to reward ratio?
I used to trade Forex, actually did it for 2 years getting consistent returns but I switched over to crypto as I could get similar returns without applying leverage on my trades.
I also traded CFDs and treasuries
My main FX account was on Oanda as well.
Got liquidated on the cable flash crash of October 2016 even after making decent gains shorting it on the Brexit outcome.
Won't ever forget that fucking month m8
getting consistent returnsHow many pips?
I remember that month.
Shit was cray.
Buy Cattle feeder futures as this wet season starts to dry up.
Look for March/April contracts.
Thank me later for the millions of dollars of free financial advice I just gave you.
I trade options on ETF's that track currencies.All part of having a diversified portfolio.
Equities, bonds, currencies, commodities, etc.
So is anyone going to post some of their FX trades or nah?
I mean this kind of answers your question.