when bch overtakes btc, will that not break trust in decentralized krypto?i mean why put money in krypto when not even the king is safe?
yea starting to lose faith in crypto all together, thanks everyone for making this a shitshow!
because the "king" was shit, putting value on coins with better fundamentals would increase trust that crypto isn't just fomo retards making a bubble
Because this scenario should have never happened.
It would be good and well if we wouldn't have this fork mess, because a coin should not compete with itself, but it does now.
please learn the meaning of "decentralized" before posting.
you sound like a retard.
Because nobody is immune to the vampiric ways of money grubbers and shekel collectors, not even the king, baby.
so Bitcoin is ruining everything?
It's certainly not setting a good light on crypto right now, that's for sure.
because the "king" was shitbut new king is shit toowho needs a king that is owned and easily manipulated by chink miners and exchanges?i hope both of this pieces of shit die
so I got into this shit too late?
If you're talking about crypto in general then definitely not, shit still sometimes moons 4x on reasonably trustworthy exchanges.The casual 5-10% swings in the top 10 coins / tokens can net you a fuckton if you know how to trade.Just stay away from leverage.
Nah, people still don't know shit about crypto, average normies can't even wrap their heads around how shit works.
I don't think you're too late.
I don't think you will be too late in one or two years.
Maybe in five to ten years when adoption starts and things like smart contracts and other stuff is out of its infancy.
The very fact that anyone can improve Bitcoin and that the community can oust corrupt developers by embracing upgrades is proof of Bitcoin's decentralized nature.
It wont break trust because it is in the fucking whitepaper stop this "your going to kill bitcoin noones gonna know whats the real one" stop this stupid fucking fud If you don't know how bitcoin works and don't know what soft and hardforks are gtfo of crypto damnit I just wanna rip my eyebrows off looking at this shit
you deluded retard, 4chan is only a year or two away from mainstream biz really exploded this year, and soon it'll spread to the normieswe are at the early majority phase, make no mistake.
Just like the propagation of memes, they explode on 4chan for a year or so before they invade normie media.
I suspect itll happen even faster since this is real money
If some random dude can lock out users of 150m worth of ether, then it still is in it's infancy.
Things like this take a while and won't happen tomorrow.
more like: everyone can fork bitcoinyou dont get what i mean.
i see a problem in the fact that your money can just be forked away in a heartbeat.sofar btc had been the rock in the kryptosea, while alts demanded constant attention.
if the rock breaks there is no point in holding any krypto anymore, because not everyone has the time to constantly monitor charts and read news.if krypto continues its current way it will not win against fiat and it wont win against centralized kryptos either.
This guy gets it!!!.
Fire the devs, they are rotten to the core.
HEY GAIZ I'M FORKING BITCOIN TOMORROWIT'S CALLED BITCOlNTHE SECOND I IS ACTUALLY A LOWERCASE L