What would happen if most of the Ethereum ICOs were outted as scams or hacked of funds?
Wouldn't it trash the price of Ethereum?
I moved out of Ether to Bitcoin around $5,000.
ICOs have raised billions this year, hundreds of millions to even billions in market capitalization on some.
Nobody over in r/ethtrader could give me a direct answer to this question: I'm trying to understand how to put a present market valuation on ETH, can somebody please help me out?
So, what I do not understand is what would happen if a.)
these ERC20 token companies dumped their ETH holdings to fiat or another cryptocurrency or b.)
these ERC20 token companies built on Ethereum failed in delivering their roadmap and products/or products were never adopted...I understand that a lot of the companies have funds locked on a timeline in smart contracts, but I am trying to understand ETH pricing so I won't invest and experience something similar to the Jenga scene in 'The Big Short': https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hG4X5iTK8M I am by no means wanting anything bad to happen to ETH...
I just want to understand ETH valuation from a risk perspective of the ERC20 token companies.
I look at etherscan, icostats, smith & crown, but I need some sort of spreadsheet of all ICOs funded through ETH/which ICOs have potential instant liquidation of ETH holdings vs. smart contract controlled ETH withdrawals.
nice blog faggot
tl;dr nigger
it would only trash the price if those ICOs dumped all their funds.
why does an ICO being a scam change anything?
its still someone, somewhere, with a shit load of eth.in fact it would be better if all these ICOs were scams because they have to be careful about where and how they cash out.
they cant do a quick usd dump on coinbase because the cops will get em.
It ideally should, because the fundamental value of ethereum stems from the future demand for it as gas for all those platforms and services those tokens will be used for.
Kind of like buying oil predicting more demand for oil in the future.However, this is crypto and crypto is even more retardedly illogical than the stock market, which is illogical enough.
So, eh.
I mean, BTC is #1 by a huge margin and it's worthless garbage that's way below fiat tier in usefulness.
Many of those ico companies are seeling right now and preventing the rise of eth due to natural demand.
Eth will probably only start rising once huge hype forms around it again like in first half of this year.