I keep buying into ETH the past few months and missing every pump ever, and I'm starting to think that there is something wrong with my mind state or way of thinking that will permanently retard my ability to make it.
Can /biz/ set me straight?
Nothing wrong with ETH.BTC keeps REKKING alts, dont get stuck in that madness.
ETH has been kept down for sure, but when the bull starts it will be fierce.
I'm expecting 1200-1500 USD ETH on the next run, consolidating around 1000 eventually.Investing in ETH is smart and steady, low amounts of stress involved for sure.
What could possibly change in the foreseeable future?
Proof of stake wont change the fact that its only as powerful as the ICO system, which will always push it downwards.
Just because "its overdue" for a rise doesn't mean shit, coins don't get participation awards.This shit is going to eventually settle at $200.
If alts keep getting rekt then there is no way its inherent value is in the 300's
When do you think Casper will be releasedI bought and am HODLing for that shitAlso where do you see ETH price in 5 years?
What could possibly change in the foreseeable future?Dapps starting to be used by millions of people, who each have to have ether to run the dapps.Investing in Ethereum right now is like investing in crude oil between the time when it was first discovered and the time when it had widespread use.
These dapps and ICO's also command a ridiculous amount of ETH and hence can affect the price e.g.
sell off every little price movement as they have been doing.
This issue will only be moreso exasperated with more coin supply and coin usage.
Vitalik has proposed little to curtail this and seems disinterested about the price and doesn't care if it falls or rises - the fish is rotting from the head.
Every crypto currency is constantly being for fiat.
There's no difference between a whale selling every price rise and a company that has ico eth selling the price rise.
This issue becomes less of a problem as the currency starts to be accepted for more goods and services.
Also, people are starting to demand more from ICO's before they'll invest in them, like timed and limited withdrawals coded into the contract.
It isn't the people that need to be more screening of ICO's, its ETH that needs to be more careful in handing them out to project startups.
With that said, there are other coins with tx fees that rival ethers and can do more to reach out, such as to work with banks, credit companies, PP, etc.
One of them can easily overtake ETH in the future.
This market isn't based on news and reason anymore.ETH had deratives announced today, fuck all happens.Meanwhile BTC forks over 9000 times and it gets back to its ATH in a week time.
Hundreds of thousands unconfirmed transactions..Point is, shit don't matter.
A coin rises when whales and bots want it to.
To understand the timing of these two camps you have to understand the charts.
Put the BTC and ETH charts on 1W and logarythmic.
You'll see what I mean, and if you don't you don't have enough experience in crypto yet to question guys like me.
I've been in ETH since 3$ and been doing crypto TA for 3 years.
ETH's next target is 1200.
Mark my words.
We move before February.
Either take my advice or don't, up to you mate.
ETH that needs to be more careful in handing them out to project startupsYou don't understand the nature of decentralized currencies.
There is no authority that gives permission for ICO's to happen.
Nobody can stop them, and that's a good thing and the whole point of cryptocurrencies.
Buy now and when it becomes POS it will moon heartily
It will rise before though.
How heartily?What will ETH be worth in 5 years?
I am not to discredit anyone and I appreciate the input, but why would it go to $1,200 next?
If you yourself say that news don't affect shit anymore, then you're just hoping whales pump it.
Meanwhile BTC forks over 9000 times and it gets back to its ATH in a week timeValue was created out of thin air in BCH, after defending its attacks the thin air value can go into BTC.
Market cap is a trick, nobody has spent 130+ billion on bitcoins, and nobody can withdraw 130+ billion from bitcoins.
It is merely a guide, and far rougher than it is for any traditional market.
img related is the whole lifespan of ETH in log scale.You can see the clear trend here, BTC has one just like it which started at the start of 2017 btw.Next bump up towards the top of the channel puts us near 1200.
where do you get such images?
Moon will be 2k-5k under Casper.
Just keep stacking.
cryptowat.ch
Where did you get $1200?
At best we're looking at $600 with the next move, trend is a trend, but how can we go parabolic without some great news?
Last fork only gave a $50 spike.
That's not how log scale works, 1200 is just of the charts but seriously, I'm not your personal TA guy.Open up cryptowatch or tradingview set to logscale and draw this yourself, you'll see how close 1200 is.
Not going to waste any more time explaining this.
Until PoS, Eth is going to be Bitcoin's sloppy seconds for a while.
Money is constantly flowing into crypto, and every time a Bitcoin rally stalls, money will start flowing into ETH.
eth will remain at $300 as long as ICOs keep dumping their bags for usd.there is a reason its been stuck at 300 for 6months, I dont see it going anywhere until this changes
and the second eth rises ICOs which have been holding on to tens or millions of usd worth of ETH start dumping thier bags and the price falls back down
This looks like accumulation to me right now but I don't know any ta just hoping
$54,000 / eth
shit, so its going to drop before it hits 1200 again
4405394lel
its not you op.
ETH has been on a perma sat collapse for months and months.
the devs are seriously fucked up.
the project is fucked up.
they dont care if you lose another million sats a coin in a week.
eth died dude and no one told you cause the press still counts dollars not sats.
gtfo before it goes down any more
I count dollars not sats.
btc is dumb
sats is fucking stupid.
why sat over anything else ?
you are like worse than those retarded libertarian goldbugs.
you can literally choose any commodity electric or not to use as a standard.
the USD one is not worse, and probably better than sats because it is widely used and you can buy stuff with it
Yeah I did that too for like 4 months.
Lost a lot of goddamn money but now, I short ETH, and I'm a happier man.
I least break even, if not make money.
ETH will break your heart (until the day it actually rises up again)
he valuates his holdings in terms of digital tulip petals
4405683You're a fucking idiot if you don't look at both, honestly.
Eth was an undervalued technology sub 100 dollars.
It was at 200 too.
But then all of a sudden every nigger decided they could use it for crowdfunding making shitty useless tokens no one will ever use.
Now we are in the 300s.
Guess what...where were all the ico's done en masse?
What was used to fund these projects?
Does that mean that ethereum is constantly held down by ico's and developers dumping their eth bags for fiat.
And the higher it goes the more incentive to do so and never finish their token project.
Save yourself some money and just trade it.
I wouldnt think it has much appreciation in it as long as ico's are going on.
Better off keeping money in btc as the market actually believes it is digital gold...not some inflation based gas token to make transactions.
Point being...do you you invest in electricity or gasoline??
Ethtards are delusional.
Moon mission is on its way anon.
Energy and Gas are two incredible investments.Also ETH is building the community, will always be traded and as ICOs do better ETH will only climb in Value.
ICO's are taking over the market and you're going to start to see some incredible growth, dumping ETH is a dumb move - it'll be 1,000+ by EOY 2018
What are ICO's?
Why would you "invest" into an ico.
They are just crowdfunding to establish a need on the network.
Most aren't necessary.
All they do is enrich the lives of developers or scammers.
That's why it's flawed.
You cant make a comparison between tokens and equities or bonds.
You own a token on a network that may or not be used and only a bona fide end user knows what the value is.
Ethereum is a waste of time now.
I'm sure it'll do great things but no need to invest in it other than to trade around btc and ltc
Eth was babbys first altcoin.It's being bagholded by stubborn redditors and retardsThey fell for the flippening and smart contracts memeThe devs and esp the creator are all mentally ill faggots and communists.This was the first scamcoin that was shilled here nonstop for months by faggots who felt they missed the Bitcoin boatIt has no long term future because it's a premined centralized scamcoinPeople still shill it endlessly here and elsewhereSage all non-bitcoin threads