Why chainlink don‘t work:>loss of jobs, many would lose their jobs if automation happens and the big banks have legal contracts that tie them to the 3rd parties forever>the ERC20 token is useless because price is tied to ETH which can be crashed (means your money is gone)>the source data can still be tampered with when you attack the data BEFORE it hits the oracle so the whole contract already receives the fake data and kills the smart contract>smart contracts were labelled as Sci Fi fantasy in a study in 2008 by Dr. Anuz Braun and the MIT>its highly unlikely that the oracle problem was solved by stuttering potheads>at SIBOS they also show the „Sci Fi“ stuff and chainlink is actually a meme in the financial industry and they also show off these pretend projects>not enough approval by jewish communitys to ever jump to the chainlink system>big banks are tied to their contracts so banks don‘t would use 2 system but keep the current one (til contract ends (usually such contracts last up to 60 years))
Really feel bad for the bagholders who fell for this
Thanks had a legitimate laugh
LMFAO STOP PAJEET
'>not enough approval by jewish communitys to ever jump to the chainlink system'IF THIS IS FUCKING TRUE, GET THE FUCK OUT OFF OF LINK RIGHT FUCKING NOW
Wow, I like the last point especially.
When Swift implements Chainlink they could well be using for 60 years.
Getting a golden toilet for my carehome.
% truth, also no Jews in the dev Team.
Very bad for a money oriented business
loss of jobs, many would lose their jobs if automation happensbecause that has totally stopped companies from adopting new technology before
Whatever mr. Uber you'll be driving me to the asian whore house every Thursday in two years.
Hodl that shit my niggs!
I love this bagholder-created half-assed FUD.
It makes me laugh every time.Saying this as a bagholder myself, fyi.
How to crash Chainlink Mainnet on Day 1:>buy data from LINK oracle>sell that data to ANOTHER smartcontract via proxy>sell expensive data to customers who don‘t want to pay the high premium price>make shitloads of LINK tokens and convert them into Monero using a smart contract flip this again in ANOTHER smart contract and literally wash my money and be anonymous (we legend)thats WHY ORACLES don‘t work.
If it was secure and tamponroof then this scam smartcontract money washing would be possible, if that is possible it opens up for much fraudAnd you dumb idiots STILL HODL, literally why?
You have mental illness that forces you to be poor?
Or some NEET living on the edge to suicide and gambling?
Smart contracts are a meme, they will never work and this is why chainlink won‘t workIT JUST WONT WORK THEY PROOFD IT AT THE MIT!!!
GOOGLE WHAT THE MIT IS YOU IMBECILESDR ANUZ AND HIS TEAM CONCLUDED SMART CONTRACT TO BE IMPOSSIBLE BECAUSE DATA CAN BE TAMPERED WITH DURING ITS CREATION ITS A FUNDAMENTAL PARADOX THATS WHY ITS NOT POSSIBLE
>sell tampered data to oracle>make bank>flip money>they can‘t trace it back>endless money and endless fraudMan it even violates thermodynamics, people literally think that Chainlink is a perpadual mobile but its actually a rube goldburg machine.Anyway just wanted to warn the delusional bagholders that their „investment“ is a joke and a meme.
I hope some of you manage to wake up and sell and finally cut the losses and move on.
you forgot about the supercomputes on each city thats the achilles heel
Dr. Anuz BraunkekPoor guy it is who sells b/c of this retarded FUD
Also this.
Get fucked faggots.https://mobius.network/
we are heading for a future where most jobs are automated anyway.
Get used to it.
The future is going to be full of e-clebs, entertainers, Instagram whores, corporations, and service industry jobs.
Buy LINK now and make your money so you don't have to be part of the degeneracy that is coming!