https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El63cSa4ag8&index=2&list=PLEFA99AB0142DA25DLINK Marines,Happy Thanksgiving, and by God we have much to be thankful for.
I write to you after a brief period of radio silence, and a recent promotion to Lieutenant Colonel.
Upon my return form moving and recruiting more LINK investors, I am proud to see everyone still holding the line and combating FUD strikes with some of the most well engineered Memetic weaponry /biz/ has seen stretch of time.
We have picked up some valuable allies such as the composer of the daily LINK updates, and Balla Pepe.
I salute you gentlemen.
And to all of the Marines who lead the charge in buying the dip and obtained their well deserved promotions, I salute you as well.
From the Privates to the General Officers your contributions are heavily valued by not only the LINK community, but also the developers I assure you.
The signs of greatness are here and those who are intelligent and patient enough to HODL will see a great victory.
Let us not forget the overwhelming odds the Ethereum Fleet faced in their genesis, and to the tiers of greatness they climb as of the present.
LINK will share the same prominence in completing it's mission of providing the geo-crypto world what it needs.
The Oracle Solution, and you men will be a part of that history.
We got hot chow and coffee over in /v/, news in /pol/, and the Chaplain is over in /x/ for those who seek the Lord in these trying times.
I have seen a few posts requesting the circulating LINK Marine rank structure:
+ Officer Ranks- General of ChainLink: General Sergey Nazarov- General: 500001+ LINK- Lieutenant General: 250001-500000 LINK- Major General: 175001-250000 LINK- Brigadier General: 125001-175000 LINK- Colonel: 75001-125000 LINK- Lieutenant Colonel: 50001-75000 LINK- Major: 35001-50000 LINK- Captain: 25001-35000 LINK- First Lieutenant: 20001-25000 LINK- Second Lieutenant: 15001-20000 LINKX<><><>X<><><>X+ Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks- Sergeant Major: 10001-15000 LINK- Master Sergeant: 9001-10000 LINK- Sergeant First Class: 7501-9000 LINK- Staff Sergeant: 5001-7500 LINK- Sergeant: 3501-5000 LINK- Corporal: 1501-3500 LINKX<><><>X<><><>X+ Enlisted Ranks- Specialist: 501-1500 LINK- Private: 1-500 LINKFor suggestions regarding the rank structure, to FUD, to FOMO, or just to chat; I can be reached at majaleronhelix@gmail.com.God Bless,- LTC Aleron Helix
I have seen a few posts requesting the circulating LINK Marine rank structure:No you haven't.
Prove me wrong with screenshots showing some posts requesting this cheesy, cringey bullshit.
I am a mere corporal, but sir, help me, i am losing faith.
I am crying seeing all the moon missions on the sides while my hands are getting weaker holding these bags.
Please give me strenght give me hope
Oh where is your Holiday Spirit?
What is cringe to you is a weathered way for us to engage the fight and commune among those who enjoy the 4chan culture.And I have no screenshots lad.
Guess I can't prove that one -
>this same autist who thinks LINK isn't deadkekCJEERS
I can't wait for the success of Chainlink and have been accumulating of this coin to become rich as fuck.
The writing is on the wall with this coin, more so than Ethereum and Antshares before it went mega-retard parabolic.
Captain here checking in.
All quiet on the western front .
This is a kuckoin.
You watch how everyone get rich while you go down sub 2000 sats everyday.
Thanks I wanted this.Looking to move from First Lieutenant to Captain or Major, but don't really know how much longer I should wait before buying more.
Corporal reporting in
General here,I thought I might not see anything for this coin for 6-10 months but Rory seems to hinting something big before eoy.
I think it's going to be that bittrex will list ChainLink.
If so.... ka-ching.
brigadier general reporting
i am a major
Damn.
Is this real?
Its kinda promising, dude seems to understand everyone is pissed.
it's real and it's about fucking time they release news.
This fucking coin is going to fly and I have been loading my bags in anticipation to graduate from Colonel to a Major General.
4523260Afghanistan's pajeet reporting in.
I have just 300 links, everything is expensive.
Make me at leat Specialist.
Please, I want to leave this shithole and have a good life like all of you.
I believe this project and have all savings there.
0xc7419d3e8b3e282bd5b72206107dd7bc86972f2e
 Here is at least one among the countless:
I'll share with you a great quote from Napoleon Bonaparte:"The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue; courage is only the second virtue.
"The Famous Frenchman knew the very essence of endurance.
From seeing the French King Louis XVI dethroned in 1792, fleeing France and later imprisoned in 1794, to then being promoted to General of the Army in 1795, to the culminations of his military victories which ultimately lead to him having the power to crown himself emperor in 1804 in Notre-Dame; His endurance is what saw him through.This is a tad dramatic relating to crypto, but endurance of failures and setbacks it what counts.
Granted the mission has working of sensibility.
This isn't Moon Coin.
We know the potential we are dealing with here.
Begin to suffer through and grow in the desire for instant gratification.
We shall persevere corporal.
Good to hear captain.
How are the men holding up during the dips?
Rory seems to hinting something big before eoy.
I think it's going to be that bittrex will list ChainLink.More like Binance is delisting LINK lmao.
Meant to reply to this post.
Here ya go boyo:
This is not priced in yet We going to be rich lads!
Good to have you with us Corporal, take a load off.
specialist here,im glad im 75% BTC, 24% eth, and 1% link TBHFAM
tfw I was about to request someone post the LINK ranks
We're still on the way to $50 EOY.
Holy shit it's Major (now Lieutenant Colonel Aleron Helixwhere the fuck have you been Lieutenant?
I was thinking you got left somewhere on the battlefield, good to see you!Man, I was a just corporal for such a long time, now I'm just like 300 links shy of upgrading to a First Lieutenant, never felt better.
Time flies, the solderis remain
Good Morning Sir.
You'll find the weary but spirited few among the FOB.
And a leader based upon merit by HODLing.
Glad to have you here.Time is what LINK needs, and what it will take.
We should all understand this.
It is always a great moral booster when this kind of Intel is reported from reconnaissance units in the communication networks the devs use.I usually consider FUD personnel posting in the threads I start as POW's.
But perhaps the bags are just heavy.
Fellow LINK Marine?Diversifying investments is key!Glad to deliver
reporting in bossranked myself up to the 50k teamgoing to make it bro's
corporal reporting.
when will I become a millionaire?
LT Dan!
I saw your post in another thread asking as to my whereabouts on my mobile.
I couldn't post as I was driving and moving cross-country.Glad to see the LINK Community is getting stronger and more inter woven with figures across 4chan.
By all means let us know when you do.
Post a thread for your promotion ceremony, we'll all drop by have a smoke, crack some brews.
Staff Sergeant hereAm I going to make it?
Private reporting in
Sergeant First Class reporting in
I don't think we can become millionaires as corporals.
We'll probably have to add more to our stacks as time goes on
Outstanding!
Glad to have you leading the charge.
And indeed we are.Can't honestly say Corporal.
Much will weigh upon how long you HODL.
Remember it took Bitcoin 7 (now almost 8 years) to reach 7K+/BTC, ETH 3-4 years, and others to reach triple digit values per coin.
I implore you to not get caught up in FOMO however.
and remember some of the Golden Rules of any investing:> Never invest what your not willing to lose (to include pulling out loans for investments)> Do your own research; is the tech and/or product useful and carrying potential?> There will always be market manipulators engaging FUD & FOMO> Patience is paramount: The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.
– Warren BuffettI'm sure there are other solid tenants to uphold, if I missed any please anyone chime in.
Eth is mooning, sell ffs.
- LINK Hodler that wants to up his stack
Anyone else think binance is a completely charming exchange?
A crystal ball is one resource not at my disposal Staff Sergeant sorry.
Just gotta factor in the potential of the product, how much you can accumulate, and how long you HODL.
But without a doubt you will see profit.A couple of great Green text highlights 
idiot, you need to be at least 60% in LINK
Eth is mooning, sell ffs.
- LINK Hodler that wants to up his stackYou're right, but you'll get called a weak-handed FUDder for trying to show them the light.
All you anons who are complaining you want to rank up - this is how you do it.
Sell when LINK is clearly entering another down period, and buy back when it is falling to new lows, which will start happening literally any second now.
Sergeant Major btw, looking to rank up before the final call for the moon trip departure.
Unfortunately it may be sooner than we anticipated lads.
sell when it's going down>buy when it's going up>literally advocating buying high and selling lowAnon, I....
Yeah I know those things, I was just memeing dude :Ppretty comfy holding my Link, yesterday I lost 50 on a bad trade though :/
Sergeant Major here.
I see you struggle with reading comprehension.
Let me spell it out more clearly for you.When LINK is *entering* another down period (i.e.
at the tail end of today's little rally) you sell.
When it falls to new lows (which it will do if someone sells about 25k LINK on Binance), you start thinking about buying again.
Obviously you don't sell when it is already near the low - you already missed your shot.Sell while it is relatively high, buy while it is relatively low.
Not difficult to understand, but somehow you messed it up.
and I made 5 just now :) 9 more trades like this and I'm goodwhat's the deal with me rolling 00 though?I like Binance and I love their low fees, do you know how can I add an indicator without it replacing another one?
i will be a corporal very soon, i hope link trust wisdom will ride us to the valhalla
it was smart doing it a few weeks ago, now it's pretty much playing with fire, as I expect LINK to start picking up steam very soon, don't see it going lower than 14calso posting the original dug out from the archives a long time ago
By all means, the memes are what make the battlefield come alive!
And were talking more than just "Standard Issue" comfy, I'd consider saying next generation comfy.And no worries, instead of a $50 loss, it was $50 worth of wisdom gained!
*tips fedora
Yeah I messed up at the "when LINK is entering another down period" and stopped reading there.
You go on to say that you buy back when it falls to new lows, which is correct.But you shouldn't buy when it's entering a down period, you should sell before that.
You can tell when it's about to enter that down period when buying pressure starts to buy and it starts trading sideways.
You can extract the most profit if you sell right there, before the first red candle.
Learn English Rakesh.
Corporal reportin in.I decided to skip this months opportunity to rank up to sarge and buy REQ instead.Waiting for my next paycheck to buy that extra 350 LINK I need for promotion.
Wish November calm extended to December
Welcome Sergeant Major.
How are the platoons doing?
Gainz rifles being cleaned and maintained?
We got plenty of cleaning kits memes if needed upon request from supplyLet us know of your promotion, we'll be happy to attend.4524345This is the spirited discussions that bolster the LINK community.
Great points all around.
And excellent save.
Though I've been Archiving all the started threads, I'm glad to see others are as well.
Once we make it the screencap collages are going to be some of finest tasting memes of that year.
i swing traded this a bit when it was near the 3000 sats range, imo it's not worth it to try that at these prices, too much near ico price.
I will be breaching the 10k mark if all goes well today.
Cheers!
You're right.
It's definitely getting riskier as time goes on, but the fact that they haven't even announced any new hires makes me think there won't be anything interesting announced in the next few weeks.
Rory's much-heralded announcement is likely to be that they have hired someone, given that he confirmed they won't talk about partnerships until the platform is ready for launch.I'm reasonably confident we will see some new lows in the 0.0030s.
The 100k LINK buy wall at 0.004 has been entirely eaten in the time it has taken to write this.
A sound strategy Corporal, I wish you the best.
and by all means the December thread will be around.
Let us know of your promotion!
I lost 50 link, not 50$ thank god, lolalthough 50link could be worth more than that someday :/there's going to be plenty of swings in the future for me to make that back :)

If someone could meme this I would appreciate it a lot.>Jesus is sergey>lamb is red wojak
Soon I'll own .001% of all LINKS to ever exist.
We're gonna make it bros.
>went from Captain to Majorhooray!
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
staff sergeant heresent my men to binance to get me more chainlinks... i hope their training paid off
although 50link could be worth more than that someday :/definitely will be, pretty soon toohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-9yuT2AGs&t=10s
A chance to buy high?
Do tell more!
kindly fuck off
Sergeant Major looking for a Second Lieutenant promotion soon.
StutteringPotheads.txt
lambo is not yours, sorry
implying a sergeant major would ever want to become a lieutenantDeluded linkies...
Not one for mocking the Gospel, I believe there are many memes of this sort out already.Excellent, accumulation isn't over till the fat lady sings.
Do provide a SITREP.Love this meme.He's got a point but you can't go wrong buying the dip.
Who's gonna babysit new linkies
I was just thinking that actually.
100% meme here
reply to your bro, bro messages
FUD HARDER
That guy at Brigade who never answers his office phone
Talk to me lads, should I buy right now or see if it drops back to 0.155 to squeeze a few more links into my coffers for the moon mission?
So is sergey letting the fud run rampant so only the most upright of us get to be the next ruling class?
We LINK hodlers need threads like these.
I feel better now, because it felt like i was alone hodling link bags
Check the month/week chart and make a decision from there.Assuming you know how to TA.
Brigadier General here looking for that promotion to Major General.
Almost there.
The couple of pennies aren't going to matter later down the line.
Go ahead buy now and put the in cryo storage.
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/chainlink/ - up 13% at $.17
Making the LINK the community it deserves to be.
1 thread atta time.Let us know when you do Sir, I'll bring the beer, and the other will bring the memes
Aeternity does everything Link aims to do and there MainNet will be ready before them
Second lieutenant reporting for dootyHold the line soldiers
 the gulag with you
hahah, goo joke tell me about their decentralised oracles, and how far they're in developmentall those "do it all" platforms are worthless, fucking eth clones, nothing more>but hurr we have a different languagedoesn't fucking matter>hurr chinese ethereum>european neo>scandinavian lisk>macedonian metaversewhat else will you faggots come up with to shill your worthless clones?there is currently like 10-15 of almost identical projects in the top100 alone, there is more app building platforms than people willing to build those apps,it's like opening 20 lambo dillerships in North Dakota,
MainNet will be ready before themnope
kys
I'm sure Sergey and the team is well aware of the going ons of /biz/.
And of the split between us investors and the FUDders.
He most likely is.
And with the few exceptions where Rory answers a question of someone regarding 4chan; it's wise they steer clear of association with /biz/.
It without a doubt elevates their professional standing.
Kek these threads are so gay
Happy they are indeed.
If only you could accumulate 7,424 more LINK you'd be a Full Bird Colonel.
Next-Gen Comfy is almost within reach for you -
4526620Check your horoscope and make a decision from there.Assuming you know astrology.
General and professional NEET here.
Currently down 35% in gains but couldn’t be comfier.
Iron hands are what got me success in the crypto sphere.
You can rest assured that these links aren’t leaving my cold storage until main net release.
Btw you guys are killin it with the memes lol
“Millionaires don’t use astrology.
Billionaires do” -JP Morgan
4526864Been out of the loop.
Can someone give me some info on links competitors or at least point me in the right direction?
there is no direct competitor as far as I know, there are other oracle services but they are centralised, they've been around for long and somehow smartcontracts are not mainstream so that's explains why they are pretty much useless for important tasks that need to be done trustless.There are countless platforms with their own blockchains and smart contracts but it's all worthless because they still cannot transfer any data from a real world in a trustless way.Actually maybe Chainlink will save some of those eth clone scams kek
Should I sell my car and take out an unsecured loan then go all in on link?
I'm tired of wage cucking.
It's cheaper to buy Eth from coinbase with credit card right?>bank transfer is 1.9% fees>go to set it up>its verification process asks to send small funds>it'll cost £10 int fees to send those small funds, then another £10 int fees each time to send the actual fundsI might as well pay the 2.99% card fee if I'm only buying >£500 worth of Eth unless I'm forgetting another fee.
Don't usually do international payments.It's all for ChainLink of course.
Never invest what your not willing to lose.Is this your means of transportation?
If so you absolutely should not.
Yes.
Chainlink will go on a bull run like ETH did from March to June.
Yes
Bank transfer is free for me in Ireland.
What bank are you with?
"Bad ideas for $500 please"
I don't have any link sadly.
but I am begging for a donation:0xe2baA018d729DCb763b1f36bc785C74645A1793b
Sent :)
I-I'm back... Just had a little trip to POWR but earned myself a promotion for the trouble.
Now Staff Sergent promoted from Sergent.
Thanks, POWR.
Nobody tell me if POWR pump and dumps again or I will cry.
W-we are the LINK marines...
Sniff.
I'm willing to lose it all in order to gain it all.
just moved from second to first lieutenant with some swing trading.lets see if i can make captain
0.94% up!!!!
Were doing it marines!Aass you are my most trusted friends on this entire planet and I love you guys I would like to inform you that ODN is pumping and dumping probably for their revamp thing on the 4th of Dec.
I really cba selling my LINK again to invest in it and have all my spare cash invested in that and ALIS (which should pop off in 2-6 months).
If anybody has any spare ETH or BTC laying around I highly suggest investing into the ODN pump and selling on the 3rd.My poorfag folio good sirs and madams for proof (ish) of rank and investment.
I hope we all make it!
(link is up from when I bought at least...)
So I sent 300 link to a coinomi ether wallet and now I can't do anything with them or send them.
What gives?
A risky endeavor but you came out on top.
Congratulations Staff Sergeant.
Take a load off, have a smoke.Can't beat that kind of determination.
If this is your decision, come join the ranks!
If its like MEW you need ether in there to send it out again.
only like 0.0025 ether.
Don't say smoke sir!
I literally quit vaping two days ago!
But thank you.
Phew, that was stressful.
Much nicer knowing to expect only small losses every day and any unexpected gains are a bonus!
It can't go much lower for sure...
Still... 15mil MC would be fine...
right!?
I mean, once you hit bottom, there is only one way to go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocM-_0jnyOMOK, listening to this it is so fitting... OMG.
Glorious.
I've been tearing my hear out trying to figure this out.
Great news, you'll live longer to enjoy your gains!
You're welcome Marine.Thank you KEK and your prophet Sergey for leading me to this song in our hour of need.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocM-_0jnyOMThe Only Way Is UpWe've been broken downTo the lowest turnAnd been on the bottom lineSure ain't no funBut if we should be evicted from our homesWe'll just move somewhere elseAnd still carry onHold on, hold on, hold onChorusThe only way is up, babyFor you and me now, babyThe only way is upFor you and me nowNow we may not knowWhere our next meal is coming fromBut with you by my sideI'll face what is to comeBoy, I wanna thank youFor loving me this wayThings may be a little hard nowBut we'll find a brighter dayHold on, hold on, hold onThe only way is up, babyFor you and me now
We should also start thinking of thread theme songs for when LINK goes ETH and leaves the solar system, and all the milestones inbetween.
Something orchestral, or classic rock.
DELUDEDELUDED
Is there any question?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854XqcfCYI've paid my duesTime after timeI've done my sentenceBut committed no crimeAnd bad mistakes I've made a fewI've had my share of sand kicked in my faceBut I've come through(And I need to go on and on, and on, and on)We are the champions, my friendsAnd we'll keep on fighting 'til the endWe are the championsWe are the championsNo time for losers'Cause we are the champions of the worldI've taken my bowsAnd my curtain callsYou brought me fame and fortune and everything that goes with itI thank you allBut it's been no bed of rosesNo pleasure cruiseI consider it a challenge before the whole human raceAnd I ain't gonna lose(And I need just go on and on, and on, and on)We are the champions, my friendsAnd we'll keep on fighting 'til the endWe are the championsWe are the championsNo time for losers'Cause we are the champions of the worldWe are the champions, my friendsAnd we'll keep on fighting 'til the endWe are the championsWe are the championsNo time for losers'Cause we are the champions
Not gonna lie, former LINK investor here.
This is fucking hilarious watching LINK crash & burn.
Haha, but in all seriousness, we cannot let Sergay anywhere near the nuclear codes.
4529059The state of no-linkies having to listen to this in every thread.
Why does nobody want to buy a LINK sticker???
I haven't had a single email.
I'm not plushtard!
>mfw sold all my link at ATL yesterday to fomo into POWR>mfw ended up selling that POWR today at a 20% loss>mfw link mooned while I was gone to 17cgoddammit please go back to 15c so I can buyI promise I'll never betray my link again
I was waiting for this, cigars lit and bourbon poured!
Another meme that has survived many boards, nice!
I asked you if you wanted to go for a coffee instead of the 15LINK and you said no, don't live in the SW indeed!
15 LINK is £300 in a few years time!>love you non-plushtard guy.
,000 LINKie here
Why would you sell powr at a huge loss you dumbass.
It's a brand new coin with good news lined up for awhile.
Richard Branson co signed for gods sake.
Just put all your money in POWR and QSP, doubt touch it for months and you'll be a happy man
But the same busisness model.
What garuntees that A: You aren't the Kraut scammer.
And B: you'll deliver?
help a poor fag out
First Lieutenant reporting in.
Battle plan is to build all the way up to 50k and stop buying at $10.
I'm also a poor fag living on SSI cause im a felon and cant get a job anywhere so im putting $750/mo (all in) on $LINK.
I've got a few books i collect about $250+/mo in royalties on but I gotta live off something.
Might be taking out a small loan to build the bag a little faster, still undecided.
Because I live in the UKI've also been selling stickers on Ebay with 100% positive feedback, can prove if someone cares enoughIt would be retarded to make a bunch of vinyl stickers (not cheap) to scam for little money
Only way to combat the price of /xrp/.
What if swift partnered with /xrp/?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vYnas6q3Sghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVXnoanopzAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWLIgjB9gGwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r5byXcQMGghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InGtiEXQyF0my selection so far
Now this is what we call STRATEGY.
Take note:> Has done his own research> Has a plan to invest in the product that has been researched> Has the odds stacked against him but is still working hard and more importantly WORKING SMART> Not complaining and dropping with weak hands> Utilizing current income and creating other sources of incomeI Salute you LT. LINK community needs more like you.
Sorry I’m a fucking retard, but where do i go to purchase this?
because I'm not holding fucking powr for months while link has a good chance to moon 1000%if only I wasn't a retard and sold powr at ATH yesterday but no, lesson learned I suppose.
Usually anouncements for an anouncement aren't anything special but everyone imagines the most amazing announcements.
Afraid this will be another sia where big news is coming and the price bumps hard and finally the announcement comes and its just a new miner.
Everyone jumped ship.
I am poor.Don't even have a job atm and that was money I saved for a car after just passing my test @34 lol.
When I get a job ill buy a sticker, OK?
;)LINK to Ebay then.
I'll bookmark it.
Might even ask my mate to get me some for xmass ;)
Not a bad selection.My suggestion for the $100 milestone:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrOemQaEJGU
IT will be announcing the new members of the team prob.
It matters not!
Lord Sergey will provide in due time.
Until then, plenty of extra time to accumulate.
This is ETH 2.0.
I hope we all saw this?4527999
In all seriousness we need to be focused on keeping the price down as low as possible so we can accumulate more.
I think we should be working on a game plan to make this happen.
I know I need at least another 7 months of buying to be where I want to be.
If we can get the price down to .05 that would be the best thing for everyone for a little while.
This is ETH 2.0.This shows you don't understand LINK, ETH, or both.
LINK provides a service that is useful to smart contracts.
It could not ever replace the smart contract platform itself.
my suggestion for the 100 milestonehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwKrgJ_CG0Mhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZz3y6r-5H8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xacflWZig8c
I mean how ETH was fudded for months on /biz/ and now look at it.
>E T H 2 .
0Join us!
Don't miss the boat.Can we not.
I just put it all in a wallet and hid it.
It would freak me out seeing its value drop by 2/3 on blockfolioooooh...
I can delete blockfolio :D
It's a strange setup where Link is based on ETH, but has a much bigger use case.Think of it this way: there have always been roads, but the introduction of motorized vehicles took roads to a whole new level.
That 3rd one made me think of this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVf46RegJNoIt's like LINK no?
Beautiful and gentle at first then BOOM!
SCARFACE WITHOUT A DOUBT!
Totally forgot about this song.
Goes along with them bringing duffle bags full of cash into the bank.
It's a strange setup where Link is based on ETH, but has a much bigger use case.I can barely grasp it holy fuck we're gonna be fucking richI'm a Captain btw.
simply excellentwe already knew this but it's nice to be reminded once in a while
This is the greatest moon mission of our time fellas.
>keep the faith
70k linklet here.
Will I make it?
Second Lieutenant here!
15000+ links.
Cosmic BOOM into retirement!
What was that thread about or is it just a random screencap?
Not sure about that with 5k LINK but I will maybe end up with a deposit on a house or a new car lol.
Maybe it will get up to $5 a token in 2-3 years.
Probably $1 once we get some good news like POWR.
I know it has more uses than POWR so to be fair maybe $2 initially and then $5-10.
http://pinkwojack.com/50000-zrx-0003-eth/
K isn't some "let" tier HODLing.
You'll make it, as long as you keep those Mythril hands intact.Welcome LT.
I have 6.5k link right now and will be buying up to 10k next weekis that enough to make it?
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the Mayo Clinic.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
A hearty chuckle!
Well done, this will make for a great screencap down the road.
We couldn't have a future victory as savory as the one we'll own without FUD of this quality.
I only request moar boyo.
Should I sell off my alts and put it into link?
4529642> Welcome LT.>>>>Anonymous (ID: AU+yO9Cm) 11/24/17(Fri)07:44:59 No.4529805▶>File: 1509890450439.png (751 KB, 644x820) KB>  I have 6.5k link right now and will be buying up to 10k next week> is that enough to make it?>>>>Anonymous (ID: aG0ndnsR) 11/24/17(Fri)07:45:41 No.4529811▶File: DERANGED.png (79 KB, 233x240)Put it into xmr and hold.
I am serious.
BTC and XMR is all you need to make solid gains.
Buy at the dip.Ignore the link shilling meme.
Xmr was pumped by YouTube celebs who recently claimed to be hacked in order to avoid the IRS.
I will crash soon.
The grace of such savegery.
How many FUDders have you killed Sir?
Please tell me a bedtime war story.
Today is memorable day for me.
I reached the rank of Lieutenant after a long standing wait at lieutenant colonel.
I remember my initial ICO days as second lieutenant, rapidly rising up the ranks amongst the ED wars, with heavy losses and victories established on the plains of Binance.I had joyfully set a 35K sell at 2338 earlier today and rebouhgt at 2030.
As well as some a fluke engagement with a pre pumped eth, bringing me in some nice profits.I have now stashed away my 70k, and will be playing around with the remaining 2938 LINK I have left.Good to you men.
Praise our lord and general saviour.
Ok bitcoin looks like it's about to dip hard so I upgraded straight from Second Lieutenant to Captain.God damn, feels great
Eurotunnel changed its name to Getlinkwew
 Congrats
kek I have This Week on TV now (I assume you're UK) and kept hearing Andrew Neil telling me to Get LinkMy bags are already full Andrew
Same experience.
Thank you based Andrew.
CHAINTRAINTRAINLINK?HYPE TRAIN NONETHELESSALL ABOARD WOOOP WOOOP
4530147thanks, I have the same strategy, keeping the retirement 2019 pack, safely stored, and a few k on binance to play withalso:4530222
So fucking cringe
Another day Marine.
For now, we pile'em higher.
Welcome to Company Command time!
brainlet gonna brainlet
Looks like a LINK trap son.
you may like these toohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gLe9TK4CFsthis one I'm gonna be playing along as LINK pumps in 2018and this one is for when I'm gonna be seating on the patio in my bathsuit, retired looking at the sunset in 2019https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYojdixcH4E/comfy/
Great use cases for both.
Huge Al Pacino fan, and Scarface for that matter.
Got a few ideas of future investments and retirement venues.
For each one I suppose I will have a soundtrack to go with.
Did he just call me a NEET?
I am far too old to be called that.
I was a neet through my 20's now I am into my 30's I feel I have evolved.
Dear God, 15 years of doing nothing but gaming and lately working out is killing me.
Save me Sergey!
You have until Feb when I sign up as an engineer in the Navy.
To be fair, 6 months at sea with no internet could be amazing for holding through bad times.
Never mind Iron hands, I'll be on an Ironclad!
OK, I hope not, they are a bit redundant.
You never know with the RN though.
I started as a specialist, now look at us
Jesters today, Kings tomorrow.
To be fair, 6 months at sea with no internet could be amazingthat sounds comfy af.
how do I get into that?
the problem with us neets is we got no options
Could straight up go Castaway, just buy yourself a volleyball on the way ouy.
Join the Air Force anon it’s way better
nd that.
The Air Force has the title of Armed Forces but is funded like a Fortune 500 Company.
any other sure buys?i've been accumulating RLC
Not sure what your asking or saying.
I'll have close to 10k LINKs after I get paid tomorrow.
Here's hoping I can get to 15k before the rocket launches.
Even if I can't get 15k .001% of all LINK is pretty good.
Make it as far as you can and then HODL with those Mythril hands.
And You'll make it Master Sergeant soon to be Sergeant Major.
4532134I'm too old for the RAF in an area I wanted sadly (plus they have FOBs, fuck that, comfy on a ship TY (yea I know you can volunteer to go to FOBS from the Navy)).
I got a 'WTF that's impressive' on my recruitment test tho so I could have done as well.
they wanted me for officer too buy I neeted my way since a-levels so I couldn't get in on it.
Training for NCO Engineering in the Navy isn't too bad.
Could be worse.
I'll be on the FAraday course too so might get to specialise in electrical engineering and robotics with any luck.
Maybe work on the guidance systems on weapons and eventually turn it into some sort of robotic automation on civi street after 4-8 years or something.
Said no to Nuclear technician on the subs.
Submariners are weird.
2 years training at Faraday before I start properly but I am ok with that.
I'll start with a higher rank which is fine except the lack of respect ill have earned, hoping my age will make up for that.
If I pay my dues it should be no problem.
The RAF would have been my first choice though, agreed.
The testing sounded fun.
Oh well, just waiting on Basic now and the stupid Frenchies to approve my medical.Hands of iron by no choice of my own sounds great!
delete blockfolio and get your tokens in a wallet, it helps ;)
The military is without a doubt what you make of it.
You got a good attitude and outlook.
If you can stomach the political turbulence currently surging the Western world you'll go far.
Best to you!
Link is dead.
You need to let go.
/10 your FUD is MUD
Cheer, I hope so.
I'll get in and see what I can accomplish.
I can stomach it but I am not taking a sensitivity course or using somebody's 'correct pronouns'...
I would prefer Colchester to that.
;)
First Lieutenant reporting in
Welcome son, grab so hot chow and have a meme.
Second lieutenant reporting in.
I plan to upgrade my rank once ETH has finished pumping, perhaps to Major.
Yep.
https://www.aeternity.com/ scroll down to their roadmap
What is Oracle Chain
ltc colonel here.
aeternity is not the same thing.
Not even close
KYSYS
Sergeant Major reporting in.
We’re all gonna make it guys.
Just think about how jealous the FUDers will be when we are in lambo land next year.
Oh I didn’t know you were a bong.
I only know burger military
All savings in, General >Ready for the final battle
Biz has killed LINK.
Sergey doesnt mention link at all, there are barely any update tweets, and when he does, some autistic biz fucks post toilet memes to delegitimise it for potential investors.
Link was to raise him some money, he dont give a fuck about its price no more
Dude could your ID be anymore RED??
You don't see tomato colors like that very often.
Nice.
Holy fuck.
This so much.
You guys are idiots for real
Biz has killed LINK.Rory and Sergey killed link through bad communications.
They did not give even the most basic information for the longest time, and the vacuum was filled with biztards spamming memes.
Biz pulled the trigger, but the bullet was made from Rory's ineptitude.
4536329>Sergey doesnt mention linkThis fucking meme lmao.The product is smart contracts, which is naturally where the focus lies.The Chainlink network and the Link token are simply tools for achieving that goal.And variations of pic related made up half his Sibos presentation.
Notice anything?Retard.
> Doesn't say ChainLink during Devcon presentation> Name of presentation is ChainLink
This is how normal companies do things: they first give out specifics (white paper) and then communicate rather vague and generalized updates (Sergey's announcements post Sibos).This is done by virtually all major mainstream companies for a number of reasons: to throw off competitors, account for unforeseen delays, etc.If you had any experience in any mainstream industry you'd know this.Example: Swift and their Fabric PoC for GPI.
They said they'd make their decision on the matter known "somewhere in December".Cryptards are simply spoiled from getting spoonfed constant empty validation by obvious scammers.Lol this.
Also he did literally say it.
>blockfolio alert>link below ICO price
that is why you are wasting your hard earned money on a worthless placeholder tokenlmao @ linkies
worthless placeholder tokenWhy are you bringing up XRP?
I see you know you're screwed
Thank you for admitting you were wrong.
I'm so fucking confused about LINK.There's as much info about it being a scam and a shitcoin as it is that they will succeed.All other coins I can easily calculate how they will go, but this shit?
Man.
There's as much info about it being a scam and a shitcoinThere's literally no such info.
None.>inb4 "two man team"
if things were clearer right now it would be worth 50-60 cents or higher.
this blurriness right now is why its the perfect buy.
us old school went through this with many diff coins.
Source about it being a scam or gtfo right fucking now.
If you seriously let yourself get impressed by this weak ass fud and toilet memes then you really are a brainlet.
4537026But how long will that take?
I'm thinking about investing a bunch in maybe a week or two when I get more money, but I'm considering daytrading that up and then investing.I'm not talking about the memes and fuds in general, I'm talking about the entire narrative about this coin if you research about it.
And I guess scam would be the wrong word, rather than they wouldn't be able to keep their promises.
This is how normal companies do things: they first give out specifics (white paper) and then communicate rather vague and generalized updates (Sergey's announcements post Sibos).Ok...
Meanwhile companies Request are putting out biweekly development updates so they can demonstrate the progress they are making.
No bs, just frequent and detailed updates on the company's progress.> If you had any experience in any mainstream industry you'd know this.Your weak attempt at patronising me has no effect.
I have a significant amount of experience working in the development industry, and you trying to pass this off as normal is laughable.
It simply serves to demonstrate your own lack of experience in this area.
> Cryptards are simply spoiled from getting spoonfed constant empty validation by obvious scammers.No, some of us are experienced enough to know that there is a balance to be drawn between a) radio silence and b) daily updates which amount to nothing.
The successful companies find their own place on this spectrum.
ChainLink is currently in radio silence mode, which does not bode well for their future.We'll see in a few weeks when Rory gives the big EOY update to announce they have finished reviewing CVs and will start interviewing candidates in January.
us old school went through this with many diff coins.Yeah I'm glad I learned this in time for the LINK mission.
At the moment, it's all rumor and uncertain speculation.
But you know what they say> buy the rumor, sell the newsTo the people saying it's not going anywhere for a month and they'll buy back in later, you will be buying the news aka buying at $0.50
So in your opinion a month is where you would draw the line in investing more, unless it stays at it's current price?
We'll see in a few weeks when Rory gives the big EOY update>I'll buy when it's certain and the price has already doubledsee 
How did you get that from what I said?I'm saying it's stupid trying to time this kind of stuff.
We don't know when the announcement will come.
We don't know whatthe announcement will be.
If you're speculating on some other coin, BTC say, you don't know whether that will go up either.If you wait until there's news to buy then it will already be>priced inI wouldn't feel comfortable being out of this market right now.
The market depth is so shallow that the slightest positive news could send it to $0.30.
If I wait until then, I'll have half as much LINK.
If this turns out to be the moon mission we all expect that mistake could be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars - all because I thought I was smarter than the marketYou always hear this but it's true>Be greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy>Buy the rumor, sell the news>Invest don't speculate (aka HOLD)It's sounds so easy when you say it but it's hard to do in reality.
If you can master your emotions and do this you will make it
Did you not read the end of that sentence?
My point is that this "announcement of an announcement" is going to be another non-event and the price will keep bleeding out.
Rory said they will not announce anything big (e.g.
partnerships) until the main net is complete.
The last status update showed they were still in the recruitment phase.
We are looking at mid-Q1 next year before they put anything on mainnet.
There's going to be plenty of time to buy back in.Look what happened with the last update.
Everyone who understands software development lifecycles sold an additional part of their stack at that point, because we could see how far away they actually are from mainnet launch.
My suspicion is the same will happen again with the next update because they will not have anything concrete to report.
If you're lucky the next update will be "we hired someone and they started working on the Go rewrite".
If they had already hired someone Rory would have mentioned in Slack (after being asked 50 times), so logically this is the most likely news for the next "update".
I'm just speculating, and asking for how you speculate.
I know there is now way to know for sure, but one can always speculate.
Ok, fair enough.
That's the risk you take that the news will be inconsequential.
If it isn't though you'll buy back in at a premium priceI'm not saying the news will definitely be something big, I'm just saying I'd rather not take the chance of being out of the market for itI will speculate over 1 year price, not 1 month.
I think it is very likely we'll see $10 LINK this time next year
piant
These bits of advice go both ways if you think about it.>>Be greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedyI am fearful of LINK because of all the imbeciles who are saying it will be $1/$5 by EOY, or $100 next year.
When these idiots finally realise how deluded that is they will become fearful and panic sell, which is when I will become greedy.>>Buy the rumor, sell the newsThere are no rumors to buy and price is heading down.
Once the news comes out in a few weeks and people sell it, what happens?
New lows.>>Invest don't speculate (aka HOLD)The most important part of investing is risk management.
Good risk management does not mean "HODL forever" when your investment is losing value day over day.
Good investors understand you have to cut your losses at some point.True, that's the risk.
I've kept about 10% of my LINK just in case it moons I still have some skin in the game.
Meanwhile companies Request are putting out biweekly development updates so they can demonstrate the progress they are making.Exactly my point.>Your weak attempt at patronising me has no effect.
I have a significant amount of experience working in the development industry, and you trying to pass this off as normal is laughable.
It simply serves to demonstrate your own lack of experience in this area.
Zero arguments.No mainstream company provides weekly or even monthly updates to the public.Even major shareholders are lucky if they get quarterly reports.>some of us are experienced enough to know that there is a balance to be drawn between a) radio silence and b) daily updates which amount to nothingThey told you exactly what they'd be working on.
You just want meaningless validation or you'll sell after a few weeks of bear trend.
Guys.....someone told me this here is a bittrex test wallet: https://etherscan.io/tokentxns?a=0xc892e9036e9a7bd657b65078829be18b6856a791Look at the last transaction....you think this is legit?
or is it some elaborate bullshit.
What price did you buy in at?The price isn't going down.
It's reached a floor (and may be here for some time) but it's not going lower - at least not in any meaningful way.
To put this in perspective: do you think it's more likely that ChainLink will double in price to $0.32 (and you'll have half as much) or halve in price to $0.08 (and you'll get twice as much)?
There can't be that many.
There's a lot of weird transactions for small amounts of tokensDoesn't look like an ordinary trader's account that's for sure
Meant to reply toall the imbeciles who are saying it will be $1/$5 by EOY, or $100 next year.
I've definitely requested these high quality lulz.
I am fearful of LINK because of all the imbeciles who are saying it will be $1/$5 by EOY, or $100 next year.Lmao.There are people saying the world will end before EOY too, are you getting upset at them as well?My god what is wrong with you?
you shouldn't think of the marketcap with the coins in your mind, 350 sold, and now are only les then 5% circulating, that's what makes up the price
I fucked up a reply.
I meant to point out to someone there are only 14,000 wallets and that the project isn't massively popular yet.
I just checked, the transaction dates of each token in that wallet correspond with their bittrex listing, I think this might actually be the holy grail.
I'll be holding onto my LINK for sure now.
It would also make sense for them to do this now.
They know the community are frustrated and this is the quickest and easiest thing they could do to keep the people pressuring them off their backsNice find if correct m8
"Fearful" was used because it directly related to the quote about being greedy.
In this context, it means "not investing".If you can't see the difference between this and people thinking the world will end, you are literally stupid.
I can't believe you actually wasted everyone's bandwidth with that contribution.
Exactly my point.What's your point?
That companies that give regular updates perform better price-wise?
Good point, it's the same one I made.> Zero arguments.I really don't have the time to spoon feed you this information - if you can't understand why good communications increase the chances of a company being successful, I'm not going to waste my time.> No mainstream company provides weekly or even monthly updates to the public.> Even major shareholders are lucky if they get quarterly reports.I think you getting confused between shareholder reports and development updates.
Once again, you are showing your lack of experience in this area.
Have you never heard of a software development blog?
Most tech companies have one.> You just want meaningless validation or you'll sell after a few weeks of bear trend.I'm not asking for daily updates - I'm merely pointing out that their communications could be improved.
By telling yourself that anyone asking for updates is just begging for meaningless validation, you are just trying to assuage your own fears about the radio silence.
You know yourself that the communications could be better - they are one of the few ICOs not to have a blog.ICO, then more on ED when it just launched.
Plus some more after SIBOS when I thought the dip was over.> It's reached a floor (and may be here for some time) but it's not going lowerRight, but people have been saying this *literally every week*.
Maybe you're lucky, and this really is the floor... or maybe, like last week and the week before, we'll find a new lower floor.
Rory told us there would be good news for EOY...a bittrex listing would fall under that category...it would also imply that the project is well underway, bittrex doesn't just list half-assed shit anymore.
a bittrex listing would fall under that categoryIt definitely would.
I'm not getting my hopes up just in case but it would be excellent if this is what it is
What's your point?See I think you getting confused between shareholder reports and development updates.Typically, investors are the first to receive development updates.Which means on a quarterly basis, if you're lucky.
"Fearful" was used because it directly related to the quote about being greedy.
In this context, it means "not investing".>If you can't see the difference between this and people thinking the world will end, you are literally stupid.
I can't believe you actually wasted everyone's bandwidth with that contribution.bla bla blaLook at the actual price, the market is EXTREMELY fearful about Link at the moment.But no, you assume the market is greedy because a handful of retards on 4chan said "$XX by EOY!!".Dumbass.
Ohh man what did i find here.. seems like SWIFT is partnering with RIPPLE LMAO sorry guys.
Sergey scammed you
Holy Jesus you are stupid.1) this is about GPI, Link is unrelated to this project2) the guy is literally saying they're not going to do what Ripple is doing (i.e.
generating a cryptocurrency), while leaving the door open for blockchain techYou saw SWIFT and Ripple in the same sentence and assumed it was about a partnership, while all that phrase does is highlight the divide between SWIFT and Ripple.Lmao.FUDing so badly you're shilling.
They said, they wont compete with ripple.
If their partners WANT RIPPLE they can implement it into the SWIFT system.
That means link will do smartcontracts for swift and RIPPLES xrp will do cross border payments.
Good fit right?
They said, they wont compete with ripple.Now that's a different matter.In a way they are competing; GPI is a cross-border system, and it's currently one of Swift's flagship projects.This is pretty much in direct competition to things like Ripple and IBM/Lumens.>That means link will do smartcontracts for swift and RIPPLES xrp will do cross border payments.This is a very real possibility.Though Link's possible implementation within SWIFT is a little more sophisticated than just "smart contracts", see pic.Basically Swift lists the Chainlink PoC as part of the overarching ISO 20022 development process, right alongside some of the biggest projects Swift is currently working on (GPI, SEPA, ...).
Yeah but there's also some weird stuff like TNT being transacted almost 90 days ago and it still hasn't been listed.Meanwhile a lot of other newer coins have been listed.My point is this could mean Bittrex listing in the future but it could still be months from now for all we know.
Gpi isnt the solution for the nostro problem worldwide.
We are like retads fighting on the internet and they all work together.
Even ibm is still with ripple in their ftm division.So there is enough space for ripple and link.
Thats nice,
The main takeaway here is that Link is out of the line of fire, whatever happens between legacy finance (like Swift) and disruptive blockchain tech (like Ripple).Link can work perfectly with both, either, or neither.
Thanks for these morale threads.
t. Sgt.
Major
If you start it like this, eat shit eat sergays shit fucktard
How did your friend find this?
wat


Damn this thread blew up over night
Just a reminder that back in the day on biz you were called a coincuck whenever btc price fluctuated any time post mtgox.
You were called an eth cuck for buying above $10.
Post dao hack it was all over for ether.
Even recently when btc crashed from ath of 3k down below 2k pre fork, bitcucks were all on suicide watch.What do all of these have in common?
If all you did was hodl, you'd have made a massive profit.
Chainlink is the future of crypto and crypto is the future of finance.
If you truly believe in the technology, there is no bad price to buy sub $1000.
A lot of confused linkies out there unsure what to do.
Im trying my hardness to get to atleast 10 000 tokens of link, i know I'm a poor fag but getting there slowly, just get fucked by the conversation rate and also coinbase limit
I truly believe in it that much and like i said trying everthing i can to get to 10000 token while its so low.
I even quit smoking to put that money in, I wish I could put in everything I have in my paycheck right now then I would feel comfy but I have a family so can't
I'm rooting for you guys
4539051I do feel kind of bad for the guys that bought at the ath and have had to watch it plummet because that's got to be a mind fuck.
But in the same way that the mtgox price crash is just a small blip on a chart now, no one will even remember this in a year from now.When link is trading at $5 and crashes down to $4, I'm just going to smugly browse all the pink wojak threads with all the comfyness that comes from knowing I bought in at 16¢.
I'm older and smart this time around and will not miss out.
I even know if i had brough btc at this price back in the day I would have taken it out once it hit a dollar or just needed the money, i would have killed myself today if I did that.
Will not let that happen with link
Dam straight my friend, we will be sitting back comfy as fuck, just got to get that link while it's cheap.
Just wish I had the cash to throw on it now and I wouldn't be stressing about the price going up abit, makes it so much harder for me to get to that goal
Check what's happening as we speak.
The Bittrex rumor is already driving the price up.
The days of LINK being held down in shit by Binance bots are numbered...
Also I didnt get at alt, only came to biz a month ago after wandering away from another board.
I feel very lucky to have pressed that link to this board that day.
To be honest at first I didn't believe it but start to research more into it and started to realise that you faggots are correct kek, I tried to tell two of my mates to get onto it but they weren't not interested at all, so I tried.
When they see LINK buys me at house out straight they will relies they should have listened, also told the wife to put in on it but she is being a jew and wont do it, silly women, she will regret it though when she starts to see I have more in my portfolio then she has in her little saving account that has not gain anything
Fuck knew that was going to happen, fuck i tried so hard to get as much as I could at this price :(, fuck that sucks for me.
Sometimes hate being a poorfag
I would be a millionair untill it hits $350
wont be a millionair till it hits $350, im greatful though, normie out there have no LINK
Yeah I seen that today, we all knew it though
Relax.
Binance will drive it into the ground as usual in max 1-2 days.
But most likely it will be the last time.
Once on Bittrex, all this fuckery is over, and LINK will be allowed to grow
Quads confirm, we're all going to make it
I just woke up.
Sure glad I sold my POWR to rebuy my LINK last night...
I nearly left it in ETH until I woke up to see what had changed with POWR and LNK in the morning... YIKES!
Yippiiieeeee.
I heard people talking about how they did not know who Swift was!
Good to know, fuck it when it goes back down in two days I'm selling the 40 tokens on arc fuck it hitting 10 in December, also I had a feeling arn was going to moon higher so I had 189 token hoping to sell at a bit more of a profit to buy more link, if it not back up by then I'm selling and getting more LINK with it
That killed me about powr, if I stayed in alot longer I would have made the money I need to feel comfy with my LINK stack, lesson learnt.
Captain of the Link Marines reporting for duty.
The FUD is strong but WE ARE THE LINK MARINES AND WE WILL NEVER EVER SELL.
I'm glad you understand
I still do not understand why anyone would sell under $5 each (unless you are daytrading/gambling with rocketry)
I wont be selling any of my LINK till its 100+
We should also maybe start a discord group, some nights are hard with the FUD i tell ya but we must stay strong together
CUT YOUR LOSS NOW AND GO IN A SOLID PROJECT:RDN
4537765> FUDing so bad you're shillingThis only happens to Chainlink.
The idea is that good, so far.
Theirrrrr commmming!
THOSE WHO BELIEVED SHALL BE REWARDED.
I think i will sell a portion of my link to get my original investment out.
And then i can live completely rent free on house money boys.
Lieutenant General reporting
I bought 225 euros worth this morning.
I'm a Staff Sergent now.I convinced a family member to buy 10,000 link at 15 Cent does he owe me a lambo?
IKR!
It is so weird.
I was so stressed having my LINK stack in POWR even though I was making money.
As soon as I put it back in LINK the stress went.
Which is mildly retarded because POWR is going up to 390mil MC from what I can tell (Pic, I made dis) but LINK just feels... right.
Besides, 390 mil MC is only about 2x from here on out and LINK might make 10x or more.
Even if it crashes and burns I do not care!
LINK Is love, LINK is life.>Praise KEK and praise his prophet Sergey.
RDN is good but will make you 3x at best IF you are very lucky before it crashes.