Get in before it's too late.
Modum state in their whitepaper that widespread adoption of their technology would save the industry $3 billion pa and that this represents a 60% reduction of their current costs for the 200 million shipments per year in the EU.If the reduction of $3 billion is 60%, then the original figure of costs is $5 billion.
Divide by 200 million shipments and we have $25 per shipment as the current cost.Modum's research shows clients are willing to pay $10 per shipment to change to their product to avoid these costs.If Modum captures just 1% of these shipments, that's $20 million of revenue.
10% = $200 million.
Based on the cost savings to the customer, I see far wider adoption.Obviously the MOD tokens derive their value purely from distributed profits and expectation of growth in these profits.
If you can see the figures for what they are, you can be very happy with the current low price that we've bought them for.From their whitepaper:"Currently, the modum system is being integrated into the system of the leading last-mile logistics service provider in Switzerland.
modum.io is planning to finalize this integration in Q4/2017, using the first series of proprietary temperature loggers.
Clients from the wholesaler and mail-order pharmacy segment are lined up.Upon successful completion, official market entry in Switzerland will begin in Q1/2018.
Once integration has been established within our first client site, the logistics service provider can approach the SME pharma segment to offer the additional service.
Furthermore, modum.io is in contact with significant customers from within the pharma distribution vertical in the UK, France, Germany, Turkey, and Vietnam."
How many MOD is enough to make it?
this project is to complicated for the pajeets on /biz/, save your energy to promote it elsewherek and hold 18 months
Agreed on holding.
But I expect this to generate solid profits before the end of the year, around the time of rollout.
WHY DO YOU FAGGOTS BUY SHITCOINS LIKE THIS!?
DO YOU WANT TO BE A WAGEKEK FOREVER?
Fantastic project, but probably best to pick some up nearer 2018?
sounds like they are head-down and radio silent till then, nothing to budge price
All in on this token.
I like the traditional dividend model, the business plan is brilliant yet easy to understand, and the team is top quality.
I know patience will pay on this one.Also the chart appears to be tracing the Walton pattern.
Things should be heating up soon.
WTC had nothing new but still skyrocketed.
The only thing holding this project back from some solid gains is that relatively few people know about it.
This coin should be at least double what it is now.
Realistically, it should at least match WTC's market cap.
WTC has at least a year before they start rolling anything out.
This one will be starting next month.