How many of you became rich from crypto?
how much did you start withhow much do you have nowwhat did you buy
I'm losing on BTC rn
Dont listen to these LARPERS.
People here will tell you they started with $1 and are now millionaires
I figured most rich fags leave biz when they have made millionsbut there must be a few anons here who don't have to work anymore and still visit from time to time
I started with $3000 I earned from minimum wage laborPut it all into ETH in early 2016, got JUSTed on a few bad trades in April of this year, and then bought a bunch of Ark in May and June.Currently I have a portfolio of about $70k.
I started with 20k$ in 2015.My portfolio is 475$ now!
Im a bad trader and i dont have patience!
But who cares about suicide, im sure im going to get cancer from all the stress and agony soon anyway!
What ever happened to million dollar SAI guy?
wtf did u buy to lose that much??
unironically this
So you put in 20k of fiat and you lost it all?
Ugh.
My portfolio was 189 bitcoins in 2015 :) Now its 0.08 bitcoin :) Im done being sad.
Constantly thinking about suicide tho, but not getting sad from it!
Im happy for all you guys who won!
You holded and believed in yourself!
Im really happy for you, even though i lost it all completely myself!
Started with $10k from wageslave and currently at $90k.
Just want 1m so can withdraw and put it in safe low growth normie funds and relax for once.
bought 50 bucks of btc in augustits now 87 bucks
Now you just have to be a good goy and pony up that 30% capital gains tax
>how much did you start with850>how much do you have now1050>what did you buynothing
there are a few of us, mostly hanging around because even when you dont need more money, being able to throw 1% of your net worth into a shitcoin exchange and catch a few shitty pump and dumps feels great
really, how the fuck are you this weak?
I made 18k-k in the middle of the recession...
I swear you weak cunts just need to pony up and get going...
OP I started with $0.99 and now I'm a mi..
Some of us are still in university fucking around with class work.>tfw senior yearI can't wait to become a wagie and give 25% to the affirmative action empire.
hail caesar(Caesar is Mexican name now)
Tells the GOAT strategy for pump and dumps.
be born with a silver spoon in you are mouth>shell out mad stacks in the hottest altcoins>eventually one of them goes wikkid and brigs you mad gainz
haven't made it but back up to 150% of my initial.put in 4k over a couple of months and try to put more in when I can.I got justed pretty hard during the btc bull run and alt coin dump b/c i wasn't holding any btc.I've made up to 2k bringing me to 6k total for the second time now.
the first time I was up to 6k, and just over 1 btc, now I'm at 6k again and about 0.8 btc.I'm still making lots of mistakes and not doing as well I could with trading, but I've faired pretty well, and my portfolio has never gone below my initial.
I started with a few trades on ripple, got some eth, and ltc.
but my biggest has been xlm.
bought before first pump in october, fucked up my trades but still came out ahead, stayed in for second pump, and have been mostly trading that.
I'm now looking for other things to expand into, there are some alts that are still at comparative lows despite the recent pump.
it's just tough because I have more than half my portfolio tied up in xlm and ltc right now and want to be able to put at least $500 into any new investments
I've made 1.4MM and this is my current threadYou can definitely make a lot of money from a small amount in crypto if you aren't a retard.
Just because  is too stupid to make money in the most insane bull market of our lifetimes doesn't mean everyone who made it is a larper.I come back to biz because the meme are fucking hilarious.
There is a lot of creativity here amongst the bullshit, and I genuinely hope most of you make it (but not some of you, cause you're giant faggots.)
don't tell me you bought at ath anonnever ever buy ath, even if it doesnt seem like it's slowing down, it eventually willif youre really lucky you'll get in at just the right time, but its more likely itll dip down again, as much as 50%, which is when you should get in.see BTC after china, NEO and OMG
there literally isnt, but it becomes a lot easier when you can throw around a few hundred thousand dollars like it's nothing.
money literally does make money, especially in illiquid alt markets.
I have a decent amount of reserve cash 50k.
I'm thinking about putting 4k USD in REQ?
Is this a dumb move?Plan to sell at the first pump.
It's already pumping, 40% and counting, retard.4 BTC sell wall at 1000 SAT which is gonna burn through by tomorrow and we're off to the races.
So I missed it.
I'm new at this.
Ok what would you suggest with 4k USD?
Which coins show the most profit short term in your opinion?What are you hodling right now?Will BTC reach $10k EOY?
how did you manage this all you had to do is not sell and not trade.You can never win at tradeing
Right now I'm holding BTC, Metaverse, Neo, Eboost, OMG.I usually keep 60% of my coins as BTC
this is probably larp but I feel inspired nonethelessis $1.4 million really enough to never worry about money again?
My goal is more like $5 million for a comfy 60+ years
Think of it this way: If you have 1M and you put it into a reasonable index fund that pulls 10% p.a.
on average, you could cash out half of your profits each year for 50k before taxNot saying thats the best way to do it given compounding potential at that level but its enough to make you pretty fucking comfy
For the guys who made it what are your taxes like?
Do you just not work and pay lower capital gains tax or how does this work?
I think I want to just keep my money going into and staying in crypto until I'm fucking loaded, but I'll be pissed if I'm paying hundreds of thousands or more in taxes come cash out time.
10% from an index fundyeah right kid.
5-8% max.
usually 5%
Started just a bit pre first fork with $2600Currently have $2600 The forks fucked me and in general I was retarded but I'm learning.
At least I recovered my loses.
I'm a kiwifag and Im in 2 index funds (Kiwisaver Growth fund & ANZ investment funds) that both pull 9 to 10.5Stay cucked amerifats
this which index fund or any fund gives you this over time.try 4% or less if your lucky
SPY you fucking mong.
8% average over the past 10 years, even through the 08 crash.
That's nice except you have no money to invest because you live in a socialist shit hole.>$2000 invest in kiwifaggot fund%>$200 a year kek
If your holds become mega valuable and you want to cash out just move to a country that doesn't have crypto tax
socialist>no CGTI mean yeah 90% of our taxation is a meme but when most of your income is untaxed its pretty fuckin j00cy m8
Well the US has a trillion niggers so yeah our tax system is burdened having to support the nogs, but the US is still better than your shithole.
And if life ever did become better in new zealand we'd just bomb the shit out of you and rape your women.
I bought Blocknet (BLOCK) in April and my wallet has been thanking me ever since $$$
NIce bro.
Deduct the anglo taxes and you can have a dinner once a year from your baller earnings ;)
see 4275995>the US has niggersYeah Im really the one at a loss here.
At least I can send my kids to school without them getting shot by the same people stealing my crypto gains

Suppose i have a $200k portfolio.
What moves would you make now to get to 1 million?
All in omg.
You will become a millionaire the day plasma comes out.
kids>implying any woman would fuck your beta micro dickniggers are an unfortunate problem, but we're competent enough to confine them to ghettos so it's not really as big of a deal as you think.
>how much did you start with4.6k>how much do you have now1500>what did you buyNEO,OMG,QTUM,LINK,GRS,VTC,IOTA
damn, congratulations anon.
I'm in university I started with 1k in august, now I have 22.
This is my freshman year.
Pony up mother fucker.
I feel like the starting amount is something I can muster.
Say I make 70k like this guy, would it be a generally bad idea to take half out of the market for myself, while leaving the rest to seed in other places?
What money could I use after investing like this?
not having bushwalks, mountains to climb and beaches to swim at all within 20 minutes of each university campus>not having god tier fish&chips stores every 2 blocks>not having a population with a bf% lower than 50% on aggregate>not having an MMP parliamentary system>not having god tier jap cars like Skylines and RX7s available for under 5k>not being a fuckin kiwiIm not taking any shit from a dirty amerifat who'd end up in the ICU after a 24pack.
Enjoy paying to take out money to pay for sex while we get beef straight off the farm cheaper than your fuckin mcdonalds without a single cent going to the commie pigs at the beehivemate
the 18k I was talking about was a loan
The US has all terrains you faggot.
All parts of our lands are beautiful, from Socal to the Ozarks to upstate new york.
You've never been here and even if you did come no one would show you the good parts.Fish and chips is literally for fat fucks who want to get brain damage from mercury poisoningyou're people have less bodyfat because you have less mexicans and niggers who are both super fat peopleOur government is your daddy, what you do doesn't matter.
We control global politics.we make more money and are able to afford more expensive shit so the fact that you make less and have cheaper shit isn't an issue to us.
It just means we can come to NZ and ball like crazy on a budget while you aboriginal monkeys dance for tipsI'm not taking shit from a white monkey beach nigger.
I'm an elite American with pure English and German ancestry and you're a half white monkey aboriginal breed.
Don't step out of line or we will exterminate you.
4276522I just want to point out that youre both sound like retarded children right nowany whales care to share their current coin picks?
Your ID is Yslam.
he doesnt get interracial bantzstay autisticcome exterminate me then lardo lets see how far those salami arms get you
k in August to 22k now?
Fucking how?
Just a lucky moontrip or did you do something crafty?
He's larping
Op hereNo bought at 6200€Rofl
My brothers!
Btw will blow up, its gonna go to 10k.
Trust ID.
why would you lie about being OP?
kys
Almost at 500k now.
Started the year with ~$10k (~10btc, 88ltc)Just taking it slowly.
Portfolio steadily rising a couple thousand to 5 digit every day.
Doing lots of trading, just taking a 1% or two here and there.Goal is $1m in 6 months and then $3m in 24 months.
Gonna take it slower the higher I go.
Same here.
I'm trying to just hit 1 mil so I can put it in some 5%, non-taxed, joke bond and never work again ($50k w/ no taxes is good enough for me).
Wow, a tough guy.
probably a lucky moontrip, there's lots of random 5-10x that still happen, like I made good profit on ELIX about a month or so ago when it went from ~1000sat to ~9000sat, turned $2k into ~$14k on thatSo for him he turned his ~$1k into $5k into $10k into $22k with a few 2-5x it's very possible.
:OHow did you get that id again?Is this the same thread from today?
What coins are you holding rn?
Any tips?
My journey into crypto officially started in October.I had an account on freebitco.in since 2013 but I only took the free rolls and never multiplied.
Then one day I decided to multiply following a gambling advice (martingale strategy) and saw that I was winning.
I also went into crypto when I withdrew $100 that has been in wallet for a while at a Bitcoin ATM.
That was the moment I saw that BITCOIN = CASH and I invested $600 of fiat money in Genesis Mining and placed another $100 in freebitco.in to gamble with it (I lose and win it back).
My main source of BTC are faucets I use DOGE, LTC, and BTC faucets and Genesis Mining, my goal is to have a large mining power and use the daily payouts to withdraw money every other day.
I also have about ~8300 ETN (Electroneum) coins which I will hold for at least a year before selling.
From 2014-2015 I put in around $12,000 in just BTC.
Have since early 2017 diversified, 80% BTC and now total worth about $340,000.
My biggest mistake was ignoring alts I ignored Monero at $0.45 and ETH at ICO because I fell for the "muh bitcoin maximalist" meme
share their current coin picks?IOTA has tremendous upside with very little downside risk.
next year will be breakout.
this is a strong long term hold for me
isn't btc at ATH how could you possibly be losing
I started with 500 dollars, put another few hundred, maybe 1400 total, in over the last year and a bit.
Have enough to pay off my sizable student loan (haven't yet, because gains, but I will soon) and have a good chunk left over as a future investment.
Some of you might not think that counts as "made it" but I do.
Funnily enough you're wrong, NZ has a lower overall taxation burden than the USA and a lot more social services to show for itYour country sux
You can definitely make a lot of money from a small amount in crypto if you aren't a retard.How small are we talking?
I put in $10 and I now have 0.
Probably around $100-$300kNow over $9MMBought BTC exclusively.
Bought 1200 XMR when it was $6.
Held my Bitcoin cash.
Just dumped 10% of my BTC for Bitcoin cash
>how much did you start with5k>how much do you have now300k>what did you buyETH
well i haven made it yet per sebut i will within the yearXVGRCNMCOBAYDOGEmight even put a fiver or two on LINK
started with $5know have $35kim ok with this
trade xvg for dgb and your golden
not yet i smell the moonxvg has been to stablebig moon coming up this month
Started with $1,900 on the last week of August, at around $8,000 right now.
I'm curious, what method do most big earners use?a) hold coins until they moon like crazy (like early ETH holders)orb) mainly pump and dumps--putting money into trending coins but you leave the moment they start dropping
I have not become rich yet from crypto.
one day i will be rich from algo trading though.>how much did you start with360 from wageslave into ans @ ~6 dollars>how much do you have now~130>what did you buyportfolio went to 1500 during peak, withdrew 760 and poorly traded the rest
lol nigga i sold around 500 bitcoins for 200 each stfu
bought in with 70K USD.
Took out a 45K loan from the bank.
and 25K USD savingsBought tenx > antshares > walton > modum > Kyber > RIpio >Icon > Wanchain > WabicoinCurrently sitting around 400k profits
How in the fuck do you lose that hard on a ballooning market?
all in link
if were you and had a 70k portfolio I would not move any of that money for at least 3 years.
If he plays his cards right that 70k could easily become 200k + in a few months