The code for it was available here https://www.bithumb.com/resources/csv/BTG_xcoinTradeAltcoin_minute.json about 8 hours ago, but was taken down.Price predictions once it lists?
Will we see a massive pump?
Dump followed by huge pump
2000+
When on coinmarketcap?Also Bitbay will moon
That's what I'm expecting, but debating waiting for the dump or just sticking with what I've got in there now.What you reckon?
How and when?
Got me one!
If you already got btg i would hold.
I had 52 and sold at 0.03.
Now is at 0.034.
Lost mad gains.
have u even seen the price are on binance?
Soon hopefully.
I feel like when it gets on CMC a lot of buyers will flood in because they see Bitcoin in the name.
Also the marketcap for it its extremely low considering the other 2 Bitcoins
I'll go with that.
I can't see it not at least breaking even if it does tank it.
Got in rather high though at 0.0358
Dumped today
Fuck off CryptoYang.
Bad idea XPWat
Yeah it's crazy high but you can't deposit/withdraw.
4523809Which is why it's crazy high
How do I get my electrum BTG?
First I tried just using the BTG wallet, but it crashed after an hour every time.
Now I've downloaded the 150gb bootstrap, but it's been "synching headers" for three days and it's still 2 y 10 weeks behind.
Is there a faster wallet to just get my BTG?
I assume staff and friends of staff can withdraw/deposit btg.
Imagine all the cash they could be making buying on bittrex and selling on Binance right now.
No idea since I don't use Electrum.
I recommend joining the BTG slack (bitcoin-gold.slack.com) and asking there, people are active
I have the private keys, so electrum doesnt matter.
I just need a wallet that sync fast so I can enter my priv key into.
I'm in amazement /biz/ isint all over BTG.
Goes to show BCC has paid shills.
BTG makes me hard.
Can't wait to 10x my dosh by EOY
download bluestack then coinomi.and import your key
This coin is pretty much confirmed a scam.
Better sell soon before it goes to nothing.It might get higher but inevitably this coin is doomed.
People are actually accumulating.
Also notice how all of the press on BTG is just negative with nitpicking this and that.
Paid by BCH to undermine BTG 100%
Yeah, how so?
Is it cause of the "premine" so it's gonna get dumped?
Or is it cause mybtgwallet was a scam site and it's the BTG team fault?
Everyone says it's a scam but the price will keep going up funnily enough.
I'm sure it's less of a scam than BCH.
Is this the same BTG that has malware in the wallets and steals peoples money?
No, that's btc
I didn't buy at 110 USD >tfw