what the fuck is his problem right now
>settling over 7k>you're complaining about it
There's no incentive to buy or hold Bitcoin.
Gains are too slow / incertain.
People dump to buy fast money alts.
no "free money" = bail out to better coins for the time being
Bitcoins>gains>incertain
Dont worry we will be at 10k in a week.
R-Right gg-guys?
*People dump to buy long HODL alts like VTC.FTFY
You can make +100% in a night with altcoins.
You have to wait 1 year to make the same with normie coin.
next year prolly
Not acceptable.
I can go to the casino and put everything on black too.>muh white paperWe both know they're not worth the paper they're written on.
Gains are too slow / incertain.And it /still/ settles above $7100.
This is a good sign the price level is here to stay absent terrible news
Block size
moons>noooo please crash>stays the same for one hour>what's the problem with this coin(((???????))))
You are the problem
Daddy CME starts trading futures on the 14th.
Give it time, this thing is piloted by Buzz Aldrin.
Fake news.
They said Q4, not the 14th
bitcoin is dead, it will keep going up but it's deadwe didn't get the chinese in control of the development team it's all ogre now
People were counting it to crash after the fork, but now with no fork, no one knows what to do.Expect it to sit around 7500 for a few months.
it will keep going up but it's dead
Getting some deja vu
Yeah anon, futures for crypto sure is a good idea, worked great so far!
the dream of meme currency died on November 8th, 2017
this si true, but only because the fork implied free moneyz, everyone would sell to ge in at a better point with mor emoneywithout the fork the "normies" already cashed out (the ones that at least read the news), the rest are comfy holding or have no clueinstitutional investors probably want to kill the segwitx2 team though
Very few people thought that AOL would have ended up like it was, but it did.......
Same thing will end up with Bitcoin.... Nobody wants to listed to a bunch of cucks argue politics with Bitcoin and then fleece everyone with fake fork announcements.. just move to another currency - as millions of others do the same there will be less demand for Bitcoin and price will plummet
It will hit $8k by next Friday.
Oh that was epic bread
Made 120% since September on btc.
I'll tell you a secret.
The fork is SUSPENDED not cancelled.Futures are low and whales are accumulating them.
Then in a few months the fork is going to end up being done and the people who bought this futures are gonna be swimming in money.
slow transfers >expensive transfers>muh "digit gold" meme>limited in supply, but who gives a fuck because so are most other cryptos>expensive to mine>more political drama, infighting, and bullshit than the nflGee I wonder what the problem isBtc is a shit coin and that's why I never bought any and just kept stacking req, omg, ark, neo and other coins with faster transfer times, staking, dividends payouts, or actual mass appeal potential.
Fuck btc.
It's the ultimate shit coin.
Enjoy being dumped on when wall street dumps unlimited paper shorts on the market soon
its never gonna get approval kek, shits unraveling so fast right now, the best part is this isnt even the worst part
Go ahead then, buy all the futures you can get.Just make sure to announce your live stream on here when you're going to kill yourself you stupid fuck.
That would make BTC a total circus.If they bring back already cancelled fork there will be bloodbath
So far so good.
Bought 1 BTC 3 months ago and so far 100% return.
so you're opening a 10x leveraged short right?
What is the worst part?
Did I miss something?
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZz
This is the last chance to get dip at 7.1 / 7.2.k
Buy ETH not this you fucking cucks.
dont let the segwit bullshit get you down.
easiest time to pump alts and make money dudes https://discord.gg/XqxnPec
Being this entitled
The only reason it has not dropped more is that people trying to transfer to exchanges are cockblocked by a 30k+ unconfirmed transaction queue.
What a mess.
BTC 1 billion screen cap this.
This is what bagholding looks like
4266698tl:drWhy did the fork get cancelled?I was very busy with other things and i missed the news
"Insufficient consensus".
Ie expecting a shitshow
it was doomed to fail from the start, all the btc1 nodes, aka user nodes running the 2x software were paid for and hosted on amazonbasically, if they go through with it and someone hacks amazon, they control bitcoin.
^ oh ok. thanks
Guise I've figured out the perfect scaling solution!
Since fees are charged by satoshis per byte but everyone quotes it in USD terms what we can do, guise hear me out, if we gimp Bitcoin and cause the market to crash it would cause transaction fees to go down!
I'M FUKCING BRILLIANT!
I thought Q4 was when they are gonna request approval?
Can they get approved the same day?
Thats smart but first i need to break even from last nights clusterfuck.
The problem is that there's no problem.Sell walls are burnt like a butter despite lots of people migrating to altcoins.So my guess is that it's going to rise very soon, after the altcoin fever ends.
I'll give the altcoin "fever" six hours or so
kek
My understanding is that they're allowed to self-certify themselves as ready so ordinarily I wouldn't see a problem getting the nod.
But I also used to work in a regulated industry, so I think maybe not this time because of a low risk of back channel communication saying "You know what?
We'd like you not to."
Not necessarily from the gov, or from (((them))) but from their shareholders.