Alright Anons from this thread  you all determined the following:13 said the chart looks bullish.
9 said the chart appeared bearish.The result is below.
This anon  was the most correct.
Indeed!
It was the makings of a nasty bull trap!
A 33% gain was achieved before it crashed down.
Some might call that a pump and dump.Anyways, thanks for playing!
Perhaps you can get some learnings out of this.
>he believes in TA
idiot noob here... care to explain?
explain in detail plz
how can we tell the percentage of the gain?
The chart showed a Bullish reversal.
The chart slowly rose until a catalyst of some sort caused a spike in market buys.
However, all the buy orders the whales were eating up over the course of the chart rounding out were dumped onto the people buying who mistakenly thought this coin (Parkbyte) was going to the moon.
It may still, but in this case it was a bull trap (as in the bulls are now trapped at high prices).
I used a calculator.
I simply took the price floor after the reversal and the peak.
My entry wasn't as great as I got in at 11,900 and 12,400.
But I still unloaded everything at 13,988.a decent profit for 6 hours.
Bitcoin In the Future
awesome, thanks!
The doji at the peak was a warning sign?
That's one of the most retarded posts I've ever seen.
Berkshire Hathaway grew because it had warren buffet one of the most brilliant investors ever stewarding it.
Compare that with bitcoin core developers who continue to lag far behind not only the systems they aim to disrupt but other coins.
The Chart tells the same story.Eventually the 2MB upgrade will be implemented.
i know i'm late to the party, but on a bigger timeframe it sure is a bullflag so it was pretty bullish and the last candle is probably near 61.8 fib, where the price got rejected at first, for the last flag on 1hr chart.
yeah but on shitcoins it doesnt really matter- PnD
Mmm the warning sign was a slight slow down in market buys after it dropped from the peak.
I think it dropped to 13700 and I decided to sell as soon as I saw 14k sats again.After that the price hung around in the upper 12ks low 13ks for a few minutes and then everyone started panic selling.
You have to develop a feeling of when the peak buying is and act very quickly.
You use FA to see IF you want to buy something and you use TA to tell you WHEN to buy something.
check https://discord.gg/dP4sb6e
4302362Nice I called it too man
Heres my sell order, not larping :)
Reminder that TA is a meme and you might as well use astrology
Wow a rare quality thread on /biz/.Thanks, OP.
We need more of these.
/biz/ is lately crowded by shitcoin-shilling-pajeets.
OP, where can I find some literature that teaches to read graphs with precision and good prediction accuracy?
Idk Ive never read any books on TA.
All I've read about is risk management.
I just picked up some stuff by watching what others were saying and asking questions every now and then.
hey that was me that called the bull trap lol.
Im not a TA expert by any means, but that last candle especially would signal to me that the upward trend was over with.
like i said in the last thread.
If i were holding this coin take profits as soon as possible.
At the very least I would set a stop loss and observe.
If the coin was a long term hold for me I may hold if I thought it would recover, but most likely i would sell and then rebuy at a lower price
t. addlepated simpleton
This cunt is the actual shill.
Every thread promoting core has these fags saying this same line or thereabouts
Classic dead cat bounce waiting to happening