Oh shit.
They are delivering.
What exactly happened with the previous team, and why has the new team decided to adopt the branding of a project that was an apparent failure?
Because sometimes in order for a business to succeed it needs to fail firstyou learn from failure
I need a more comprehensive answer than that, or at least a link to a more comprehensive answer.POSW is one of the classic JUST coins, along with DGB.
What happened?
Is this a completely different team?
How did it change teams?
etc.
POSW is one of the classic JUST coins, along with DGBYou're comparing posw to dgb....dgb had peak marketcap of $500,000,000 times more than posw.
No comparison.
Yes the chart's trajectory is similar but thats all.
It is not literally a completely different team, but it might as well be.
Most of the project is directed by new blood and there is a totally different attitude to the project.They dont screw around.
They are all business in Slack chat.
They have new technology coming out for the coin, I suggest you read the Whitepaper outline.
You can read about it here: https://posw.io/Exactly how did it change teams, I'm not sure, but I suspect its because posw already has the infrastructure, and the admin who started this can pay the development team and support them with his own supply.
Just abandoning a business because it failed is such a childish notion on here.
It's pathetic, really.
Stop shilling.
Getting fucked by the incompetent POSW retard team the first time lose me so much fucking money.
You're an emotional trader which is why you fail
I'm still open for someone in the know to explain, in detail, what exactly went wrong with this project in the first place, and when and how and to what extent it "changed hands".
In short, stupid decisions were made, their dev team was immature, and communication was horrible.
All of that has changed and there are several new developers heading the project.
If you want an in detail explanation, head on over to the slack and ask them yourselves.
You'll get a response.
The link was already posted on here, do your research.