early investor in confido, bought at 2x ico price and just sold after researching the team.Can't find any evidence of the team except for CEO and some bare linkedin accounts.full stack developer is at association of networking marketing professionals/multi-level marketing conference - i.e.
multi-level marketing or amway shit.
https://www.anmp.com/linkedin is absolutely bare with about 10 connections and 2 interests, exact same as their app dev.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multi-level_marketing_companiestheir CTO no longer has a linkedin page and hasn't logged into telegram for over a month.comms between the team and investors has only come from 'chris brennan' who isn't listed on the site and appears to have come from nowhere.not convinced this is a legit company, happy to be proven wrong though.DYOR - but this seems super dodgy
Huge if true
seems like its dumping as well, there's not much support in that ED order book.
looks scary.
There's no team photo either lol
Might pump over next few weeks but still wary
It's a bunch of college grads trying to get rich off the ICO hype.
Good for them, they've made me quite a bit of money.The 3 devs own a third of the supply, and those tokens will be released as soon as they have an open beta (so before the product even goes to market).
They have no interest in delivering a quality product, just the bare minimum to avoid a lawsuit.
Their strategy to start with a low market cap was actually very smart, it makes it look like they're not greedy.
But they own so much of the supply that they will make an absolute killing as soon as the funds are released, even if the market cap is still relatively low.
The beta isn't soon.
The alpha is in January.The supply is meant for dividends they already said they're not dumping them.Obvious FUD because you know it can still pump a whole lot, also next week on Binance
Do NOT fucking use Kumiko for your fud shiposts, faggot.
The devs owning 30% of the supply is actually clever as fuck, it incentivizes them to continue with development since their sole source of income besides the ICO funds will be the dividends from holding those tokens, which is dependent upon their platform succeeding
they were only able to raise 400k in their ICO cause anymore would have grabbed them attention from a certain agency to look into them I'm sure.
They used the 400k ICO to their advantage and it worked of course.
tldr: dyor and be careful of these groups.
anyone buying in now is walking on thin ice
they already said they're not dumping themWow that settles it then!
The proposed dividends for Confido are incredibly measly ( .7% of transaction fees), the company would have to do astronomical business for them to be worthwhile.
They're going to dump on you kid.You have good taste in waifus.
Wish I could say the same about your taste in shitcoins.
Lol confido cucks in denial.
Enjoy ur recent college grad team
CTO graduated from the Harvard of Germany OP.
Sorry that you sold before Binance
I sold at 24 - will buy the dip and agree it will go up but that still doesn't defeat the purpose that this is shady - the whole low ico marketcap shit is bullshit - they know that any low mc will skyrocket and appreciate their holdings regardless.
Joost and Chris are constantly talking on the telegram.
Joost has talked about when news about exchanges will come out and told us about Kucoin too.
Sorry you didn't get in at the price you wanted.
devs could have raised 20 million>AH but you see they didnt raise 20 million becaues they were scamming people!!!!!
!>you see scammers actually like LESS money than MORE money>yes yes very clever heh i figured them out haha
This ICO was never going to earn 20 million.
The only thing that set their ICO apart was the low market cap.
They're not even trying to hide it, devs talk about the low market cap more than the actual product on telegram lmao.
Stay in denial.
only think is their low market cap>online commercial crypto escrow service is irrelevant>i didnt read the whitepaper i just saw a low market cap and threw money at it
online commercial crypto escrow service is irrelevantWhat have you seen discussed more regarding confido, the concept or the market cap?
Be honest with yourself.
You're delusional if you think this team of nobody college grads could've raised 20 million during the ICO.
Unnecessary FUD, team is doing everything well so far
Ok, let me get this straight.
The only 'bad' things about this project is that the team graduated from college and isn't releasing their tokens for months to come when chainlink is ready for the beta?
The only thing that set their ICO apart was the low market cap.
Ahh I see you've move the goal post.
Sorry you panic sold at 5M market cap.
If you want we can set up an OTC trade for you at 19.9M cap so you can FOMO in, but I'll want to see a wojack first
protip: you only ask for 400k if you think youre worth 400k
Following their telegram, I am....perturbed.
They don't seem to have answers for some very basic questions.
Like, how do they keep track of scammy merchants - in the non-crypto space, that's doable.
You deal with registered businesses, addresses, names...but with no traceable digital identity, you could have countless scammy accounts, something Confido couldn't really deal with.They were asked about this on the telegram and more or less came up with ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
Civic + Reputation system.
Try again
Ahh I see you've move the goal post.Firstly, learn english before spamming brainlet memes.I didn't move any goalpost.
Plenty of ICOs have concepts that sound good on paper, that's not enough to raise 20 million and you know it.It's being marketed entirely on it's low market cap by the team and the shills on /biz/.
You're switching into "muh great concept" mode because you know I'm right.
wtf, it's not a novel concept even.
bitbay already does the crypto escrow service shit with their double deposit escrow.
its only gimmick is the tracking system which doesn't matter too much if you have the escrow in the first place.
it's just quirky or whatever the fuck but ultimately useless.
what's diff w/ this shit is simply its low market cap and its offering of dividends (tho bitbay has staking anyway so)also not shilling bitbay, i dont own any since gains are gonna be slow w/ it if i understand its decentralized peg correctly.
Oh, no no you see you are the one who made it binary:>The only thing that set their ICO apart was the low market cap.
>only thing>onlyYou made an easily falsifiable statement and you got called out for it.
Thats why you're getting brainlet memes.For you to be objectively wrong, all I have to show is that the concept itself also set them apart.
The whole reason the cap was enticing was because the concept itself was also enticing.
You could go make your own fitting CuckCoin4Brainlets (CC4B) tokens and come here to say youre only raising $50 right?
You think anyone is going to buy it?
>hurr durr only thing setting it apart is marketcapIts a fucking function of incredible marketcap and incredible concept.You've been had, son.
Feel free to try again.
Nah, you're just being autistic and overly-literal because you don't have any other arguments.
You know exactly what I meant.
n-no i d-didnt mean exactly what i said!
y-your just a-autistic!
!