G'day G'day /biz/, I come in peace.
Don't attack me yet.I'll preface this by saying I'm hugely bullish on POWR long term, it's by far going to be my biggest holding.
It ticks too many boxes for me and I believe it to be potential top 20 crypto at the worst.As someone who picked up POWR just after ICO release at 10c (AUD), I hopped off at 8.1k sats following the massive initial pump.
I have to be decent here and say I'm not buying back in until this takes a fair correction - I think this coin is severely overhyped, which was good for us all to make a good buck, but now the dust is settling.
> Jemma Green is NOT the Lord Mayor of Perth.
She is a stand in for our actual Lord Mayor Lisa Scaffidi, who is in the midst of appealing her political scandals.
She is by all means a seat warmer in upper level politics.> Jemma Green has no aspirations to maintain office or run for Lord Mayor, and hopes to hand over the job soon.Read: http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-10-25/who-is-new-perth-deputy-mayor-jemma-green/9085746> POWR is NOT backed by the Australian Government.
Power Ledger is one of the at least 5 companies/organisations involved in a 2 YEAR long project, which only received a GRANT of $2.57 million (note, it is a grant for the actual PROJECT).
The additional $5.68 million is provided by project partners, not the Government.
I'll reiterate, that is only $2.57 million of a grant, gifted to a project headed by at least 5 different companies, of which POWR is ONE.
Read: https://www.smartcompany.com.au/startupsmart/news-analysis/power-ledger-receives-part-8-million-government-grant-fremantle-blockchain-energy-project/> It is not until Q4 2018 that they realise any form of new application, which will only be in Beta testing at that point.
Currently, they are going to be trailing beta tests on their initial applications.
Until Q4 2018, there is little to no significant releases to be expected, with the exception of some kind of partnerships.Read: Whitepaper
Will POWR continue to pump?
Maybe.
But realistically I cannot put money in to a coin that has mooned from 5c at release to over 63c in 20 days, based largely on hype and FOMO, and little on actual fundamentals.
I don't wanna see any /biz/ bro's get burnt.
Stay safe and God bless.
Bump, some one refute me.
I'm willing to bite my own foot if I'm wrong here
Shut it gay boy.
Buy powr now and don't regret it when it's above $1Should never have.sold.
4499014I've seen a number of people involved in pump groups promoting this coin as a great buy, the reality though is POWR is now a game of musical chairs..
However, biz loves buying the top of a rally so there is nothing you can do to help lol
Convince me that taking 8x profit on an investment after a pump like that is bad thingLol sad but true...
Average Cost of Power in Australia = 15.9 dollars per day.
Couldn't agree with you more mate (fellow Ausfag here).
Great project and I think it will be a winner in the long run.
But definitely overbought currently and it will crash soon.I'll have my buy order ready then.
Do go on...Good man, best of luck to ya!
a case against powr>don't attack meToo late faggot.How fucking dumb are you?
Pointing out that Jemma is Deputy Lord Mayor and not official lord mayor is one of stupidest fucking arguments against powr I've ever heard.
Whether she is mayor of perth or not has nothing to do with power ledger.
It was just an "added bonus" that she IS.Your next argument, that the government only actually funded 2.6 million instead of 8 and got the other 5.4 million from project partners also isn't a case against power ledger.Let me explain something that will likely do nothing but ricochet off your thick, dumb skull: BESIDES POWR, NO CRYPTO HAS EVER BEEN BACKED BY A GOVERNMENT.
EVER.Who the fuck cares if it was 2.6 instead of 8 because it was part of a funding package?
The point still stands.
You're a complete and utter retard and you will miss the moon mission to 1 billion market cap.Their smart grid will be live and working in Fremantle, Perth in three weeks.You know nothing and will be a forever poor wage cuck.
Never speak again you fucking idiot.twitter.com/lambolydia
And let's not forget that confirmed partnership with a certain MASSIVE tech company in India, and the Thailand announcement happening in a couple of days.Stay out of Powr.
You deserve no gains.
8x is chump change when you could have had 40x.
Clearly you lack mathematical common sense you tool.twitter.com/lambolydia
You are a good anon, need move of you around these days, I to jumped off powr and awaiting to buy back in
my 2 cents worth: never underestimate the nationalistic tendencies of the bloody Aussies - normie blokes (and shelias) will buy into this way before your WTC and NEO chink scams
Aussie here.
Agreed on all accounts.
I participated in the pre-sale and was one of the first members of the telegram group.I see its potential mainly because I work for a market participant in the AEMO.This is indeed, a long-term hold, akin to owning a stock of a mining company that has a few trial mines in operations, but are trying to scale up by holding fund-raising activities.I'm not selling my tokens though.
I entered at 8, 30, 59, 64.
I wanna own this bad bitch all the way.
I sold ANS at $3 look at muh 8x gains
People are already cashing out of POWR to get into HST that will skyrocket in 1-2 weeks.HST is also Australian.
The second ICO from Aussie after POWR.
I mean, just look at the cmc, 86% gain today.That's how you make money, mates.
Jumping from one rocket ship to another, not by staying in the same coin for months.
lololol trash coin getting pumped and dumped by the shill retards who have been desperately trying for the past few days... good luck getting out... you'll need it
Youre a woman, your opinion is invalid.
Now go make me a sammich
Fuck you ya cunt.
I'm not selling you my mommy bucks.
4499319what about them not going into beta until Q418?
trash coin>pumped and dumped by the shill retardsKek you can deny the fact, but you can't keep it from happening.Are you new in crypto, kid?
Just look at all the moon missions before POWR: NEO, OMG, WTC etc.No coin can keep pumping, there will come the time for it to be stagnant and eventually dips because people are getting out in search for the next moon mission.And HST is the next moon mission, whether you like it or not.
god /biz/ is full of salty retards who really don't like making money.
You guys will sell your right nut to buy some stupid coin and post about it all day but when a legit project comes around you guys tell everyone to run away like it's some sort of scam.
'omggg it went up to 60 cents in 3 weeks guys this isn't right i know this is crypto and all and coins can go up hundreds of dollars a day but this just doesn't feel right' fuck off idiots
Pointing out Jemma Green not being Lord Mayor was simply a refutation of a point used to shill POWR all over /biz/.
Government grant to a project POWR is a part of =/= Government backed.
The funding comes from the Government's Smart Cities plan.
See: https://cities.dpmc.gov.au/smart-cities-planThe Smart Grid?
My understanding was this was a project headed by Curtin University, which will utilise POWR as a means of transaction, nothing more.
See: https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50aeMy point entirely that was bar these announcements upcoming, it has no legs until Q4 2018 with the exception of more potential partners.
Best of luck friends, God bless.
I agree on HST but comparing POWR to all that chink shit?
lol come on
someone smart in biz finally
Government grant to a project POWR is a part of =/= Government backedLMAO WRONG
I got a question though.
What do you mean when you say fundamentals?
How will a token holder benefit from Power Ledger even getting revenues from said projects?
It's not like we will get dividends as POWR holders, am I right, since that would constitute a security on a company and not an "Right to Access Services" kind of token which POWR is.
In my perspective, people buy tokens now, in the hopes that in the future, once the projects are implemented, we can use our tokens to actually BUY power ledger services, such as asset ownership of Solar PV plants, or SELL these tokens to retailers like Origin, AGL and Energy Australia (or even freaking Dodo), since they need the tokens to purchase licenses to Power Ledger's software
I'm not comparing POWR to those chink coins, per se.My point is: no coin can keep pumping non-stop.
There will be a point of stagnation and the eventual dip.
It's like a pattern in the crypto market.
How so?
As I understand it, the Government allocate the 2m from their Smart Cities planning.
The project is headed by Curtin University, that has opted to use POWR as a token of exchange (Jemma Green was a Curtin fellow).
There is no explicit backing of POWR from the Government, no?
Unless I've missed something, happy to redact that
give someone money>haha just kidding we don't think what you're doing is good nor do we back you but here's free moneyLike...what even
http://www.baka.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.html you are welcome kiddos
The additional $5.68 million is provided by project partners, not the Government.Of those 5 companies, 3 of them (Murdoch Uni, Curtin Uni, CSIRO) are Government owned.You're a brainlet.
Good question - when I put that I didn't see this price rise on the basis of the fundamentals I was more so discrediting this pump as something of hype and FOMO, and had little based on the actual project.
I wasn't referring to anything in particular regarding POWR's actual "fundamentals".
I agree with your perspective there about the use of POWR
Curtin University is owned by the Western Australian Government.Murdoch University is owned by the Western Australian GovernmentCSIRO is owned by the Australian Government.Cisco is a multi billion dollar, multi national company.
power shit is scam, just hype mechine, no substance.
confido on in diffrent way.
get ready
lel look at this new sell order
t. POWERless
Power had a disastrous AMA on plebit where their outstanding lawsuits and past scam shenanigans where brought up and never answered.
About a month ago, which is why I was surprised so many people are bullish.
4499011Same feeling s exactly.
Loss aversion > gains
the beta for Q4 2018 is for autonomous asset management for the Asset germination events in Q3 2018, also beta test for neo retailer and carbon trading applications.The CURRENT TESTING is the main sell at the moment and moon material
4499517>Q4 2018This is such a big deal and I can't believe people buying now expect this hype to last until this time next year.
Cannot over estimate the lack of patience in investors here.
Just put half my POWR into BTC at 8480 satsI had to have some stability, this ride is too crazy?What is happening?
I will add that the room for growth is pretty low.
Max of 4x and that is with a LOT of luck...There are already 349,949,260 circulating....
Smart grid will be operational in Fremantle, Perth, in 3 weeks.
Can you literally not read?I'm not say your statements are totally incorrect, I'm saying your "refutations" are fucking dumb and irrelevant.
A government grant means to government supports your idea.
Stop playing semantics you fucking idiot.
Stay poor I'm sure there's a confido 2.0 that would love to take your money.The truth is that you anit-powr idiots are frightened and confused- there has NEVER BEEN a crypto currency this solid that is already operational.
You don't know what you're dealing with which is why you hesitate.
It's always been "muh working product in 10 months" or "muh development phase"NO.
Powr is operational out the gate, partnered with BILLION dollar companies like Origin and Tech Mahindra.There's no convincing you idiots is there?
Turning away gains that are virtually guaranteed, how silly.twitter.com/lambolydia
Why is a token supposed to increase in value?
Why would a utility service like such volatile prices?
Can you imagine your electricity bill being based off hype?
4499014This is A+ fud if it is, but I believe you.
I'm holding and a little scared.
I jumped out of the BTC pump at 1.3K because I couldn't handle it so now I want to ride this bitch.
BCH*
Q4 2017APPLICATION DEVELOPMENTThe first Applications to be in beta testing after the Token Sale will be the Microgrid /Embedded Network Operator/Strata and the Electric Vehicle Trading Applications.2.3 MICROGRID/EMBEDDED NETWORK OPERATOR/STRATAThis type of Platform Application enables electricity metering, big dataacquisition, rapid micro-transactions, and grid management at anunprecedented granular scale.
Trading in embedded networks breaks thenexus between generation ownership and energy consumption, meaning valuecan be derived from an investment in DER even if the investor is absent ordoesn’t consume all the energy they generate.
Im dumping when powr hits 10$

Same, I popped out early af in that run.
Couldn't believe what I was watching when people bought at %200
Yeah, it was tough to watch but i'd probably do it again.
Better than the poor bastards who bought the peak.
Not trying to FUD mate, just airing my thoughts.
I am a genuine supporter of this coin, but for me I had to hop off.
It may well be off to the moon again based on the coming announcements.
But I don't see it staying up for too much longer after.All the best friend, hope you make some money here.
OP that is a rational analysis.
but remember that the crypto market is irrational.
don't underestimate the power of greed.
only when fear outweighs greed will the coin crash
You have a top prediction?
I appreciate it, I've thought the same shit
so, what you are saying is.. now that you cashed out.. you don't want it to go up..speculation built into this system, and it garnered you a nice 8000% gain.. congrats!it's going to correct at some point, but revolutionary tech at the right time gets priced in fast.. this might not stop until $5.if you believe in the project long, should have just HODL'd and forgotten about it.
Would 10k bitcoins now be 80 millions?
holy fuck
.. i want it to go up because I just dropped another .5 BTC on top.. i think the news cycles will push this thing much higher.. there is more need for this project than I think they even realized... india.. thailand.. damn what's next?
they are first movers in a revolutionary segue disrupting an industry that is a joke.. i hope it goes to $100 just to bring attention to the innovation (it won't just sayin').
I think a 1 billion valuation is where it will go.. then correct back slowly perhaps.. but who the fuck knows.
i'm on for the duration.
tfw bitcoin crash over next hour and the guy sell his 153k POWR for peanuts
thislets not forget POWR has a year and a half.it was fear and greed that got OP to jump off the train (if he did).. more likely, he wants it to drop so he can buy back in.this is right place, right time in history.. be a part of it.. sell off half and ride the rest.. not that complicated!
is that what you said when you jumped off OMG at $1.50
Powr 1$aus?
yep