Biz whales have been accumulating bch at this low 1000 - 1200.
Lots of fund managers buying up with normie money since every normie feels they got left out of bitcoin this year.
Whenever you speak to a normie about bitcoin they always say "Oh i was gunna buy at X, and now its X!".
Bch will soon surpass btc as it is satoshi's vision
Amen brother!
Here we go boys.
The next run.The new BCHad paradigm
I guess all the whales finally got their BTC to exchanges.
Why does it matter what satoshi's vision is or isn't.
Can we not make our own decisions?
Depends on if you agree with his vision, groups of people are making there own decisions (all these forks) - bitcoin legacy took its own (centralised focused) path that MANY feel didnt and doesnt best represent the values & potential of the coin, ala bitcoin cash, the new bitcoin
That's fair enough, but I don't get how simply 'it is satoshi's vision' or 'it is not satoshi's vision' is a valid argument.
Fuck your mother if you want fuck
Depends on how much you believe Satoshi's (the creator) vision influenced bitcoins value today.
Only in the 2nd half of this year did bitcoin stray from his vision - maybe it doesnt matter, but I for one believe that what he layed out heavily influenced the success of bitcoin and its value
It doesn't really matter what satoshis vision is.
What matters is what properties in a coin you would like to see.
pretty sure properties of the coin is assumed when you refer to his vision, read the white paper
Some big firms are going to use this to hedge their BTC investments.
Expect a large influx between 5 AM EST and noon.
I said satoshis vision is not an argument.
We don't have to 100% follow the whitepaper.If we see that something was wrong in the whitepaper or we can do something even better, then that is what we should support.
Scamm threads posters should get banned.
Seriously.
This battle is not over, not by a long shot.
Expect massive investments this week.
$1500 will be cheap soon.
Jumping back into crypto after five years, I thought current bitcoin fees where at like $40 per transaction?
pajeet shillers should get banned
bcash has a 10 minute block time you brainlet... How is it "almost instant"?
lmao
You can check them in various places.
My sources show the mempool shrinking.
Fees are down to 311 sat/byte.
If you are making a transaction with a lots of inputs and outputs it could potentially cost $40.
For a standard transaction with 1 input and 2 outputs it will cost about 311 sats * 226 bytes = 70286 sats, about $4.28.
Compared to BTC it is almost instant.BCH also has 0-conf
Ah, cheers
its the same speed as bitcoin, but they claim you can accept zero conf transactions for your goods.
This is bullshit, double spend attacks are just as feasible in BCH.
Besides, you can't spend a zero conf transaction.
Read up on the RBF feature Bitcoin Core added to (((BTC))) a while back.
This has been removed from $BCC.
Sure, I know about RBF.
But NOBODY EVER advocated for accepting 0 conf transactions.
The standard has always been 6 confirmations, and RBF is a really useful feature rather than a vulnurability.
Used correctly it can rescue coins that would otherwise be 'burnt'.
There is a type of attack that can be preformed by anyone on any low fee transaction they have the ability to rebroadcast.
If you send a transaction with no fee and it doesn't confirm it normally drops out of the mempool, this lets you respend it with a fee to get it confirmed.
If someone rebroadcasts your transaction it is possible to never confirm and you will never be able to retrieve it.But with RBF, you can just fee bump it, and get it confirmed in the next block.
BTC is a stable currency.... Not really sure if the BCH manipulation worked in favour of it....it is down almost 30% @ US$1277.46 perhapos a stupid move to destabilize the market!
Wrong move!
It is Jihan's mining vision and Ver's P&D and your stupidity
Stable at 3x what it was a week ago you dumb fuck
Practices, fundamentals inline with satoshis vision dumb fuck
Biz whales have been accumulating bch at this low 1000 - 1200.The ones who knew and orchestrated this pump accumulated at $300 you fucking mongoloid, and then dumped at almost 10xON YOUFUCKING MONGOLOID YOU ARE BEING PLAYED
youre a fuckwhit, yes they first accumlated like 300, then pumped, got out in the 2ks, NOW THERE DOING IT AGAIN ISNT IT OBVIOUS
A merchant could choose to accept tx's with a minimum fee.
Also if need be they could pay the miners a small fee to include it in the next block if they really had to, it would only cost like $0.01
undefeated in this thread come at me BTC bag holders, when that shit hits 4k ask you gf how my dick tastes
how can you bitcrashers be so deluded its over move on
Bitcoin now have an Average transaction fee of 13$ and Bitcoin Cash fee is around 0.28$ >kek
Holy shit give up OP and cut your losses here.
No need to be delusional.
Just accept you got pump'n'dumped on and take it as a lesson.
got in at 700, cant stop winning in this thread
BCH wants to be cash and BTC cucks want a coin that is used for nothing and gets pumped by wall street.
Who is the bigger sell out
And your dumbass didnt sell at 2.5k ?!!?!?
Thats right, everyone would have.
Truth is you bought at ATH and cried yourself to sleep.
Pretty much, it was pumping way too hard between 500-750 to not realize you should get in.
I feel like it wont go lower than 1000 before going back up.
still up a SHIT ton, waiting for the fork in 7 hours & next push to defeat btc, and lemme say it again, when btc hits 4k a s k y o u r g f h o w m y d i c k t a s t e s