>$40 by 2019 right guys?
.40 you mean
Cx
kill the alien with fire!!
CX
100k @ .38 ...I made a good bit of money riding it up, but was focused on Forex post-Sibos, so just thought it was a market correction...then the seemingly never-ending bleed.
Tired of the fanboys 'nda' 'working on project' 'not hyping' answers to invalidate holder's concerns.Still going to hold, but man, they can't take a hint from stakeholders regarding communication/marketing.
All coins that pumped around the same time of LINK went to shit.
OMG, MTL and ARK all did the same haemorrhaging
40cnever ever again
are you me?
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
You aren't a stakeholder, you own a token only useful to node operators.
Who is that fine looking woman?
Why???
You could have doubled your money if you bought BQX when I said to 2 months back, you could have tripled your money if you bought XMR when I said, you could have made 70% gains in the weekend when NEO was pumping, or 200%+ gains when BCH was being pumped.Now you sit with over 50% losses and bags of coins nobody wants???
WHY!!!!
At least the Deluded Arkies stay pretty even, at least they have some semblance of a chance of making money, but LINK is shit
4508813can someone explain this alien meme?
ice poseidon's content anchor
lol just buy WANCHAIN that will recover all your loses and more
ALIEN
whoa if i could have predicted the future with 100% accuracy i could have been rich.
you are fucking dumb.
>please predict the next 5 coins that will moon in order and an exact timeframe.
Starting with $400I didn't predict the future - I watched Reddit, Twitter, and Biz, and looked at the signs.
I was able to get in on BCH at 600, and sold at 2,200.I was able to get in on NEO at 35 and sold at 44.
I left 15 behind in my walletI then bought BQX at 1.30 and it's went to 2 when I sold most of it, leaving 450 in my wallet.I used the rest to buy 4.5 XMR yesterday and sold it today around 172 (Leaving 1 behind) for ETH.Right now from $400 about one month ago I have $2,500+ in investments and have cashed out $640 O.o Maybe I can't predict the future but I can figure out coins that Moon almost always come down, so when you start to see giant sell walls building on a Moon mission sell it because that's typically the peak.
SHILLED
that girl needs to chill on the plastic surgery
ice posideon faggots please kys
TRIHARD
My bags now
florida ice was actually pretty decent.
Go to local shop and save yesterday.
>Four 12 packs of Fresca for $10.>Do some shopping>Checking out, the cashier asks me if I need any bags.
>Frustrated>I HAVE ENOUGH BAGS.
>Leaving I hear her mutter under her breath>Stinky Linkie
just bought 100k