We hitting 10 cents by january?
I'll buy in at half a penny
I sure hope so.
I'm an ICO Link marine.
Id love to buy some at that price.
Yes.
They still are yet to hire anyone.
By the time they do it will already be the new year.
Then they have to settle new devs In before starting on the process of moving everything over.So q2 2018 they will be underway... nothing until then though
Asking to buy the dip or FUD out a traitor?
Depends.
If the news is bullshit like I think it is similar to the post-sibos announcement then without a doubt yes.If the news is somehow worthwhile like an actual date for the release of the network or partnerships then we will hit $1.
What was the ico price again?
10 right?
It was .2 cents for me.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
Comfy AF.
I aint got no worries.
Smart Contracts is the future.
Litterally Russian armies of hackers making sure of that.
You think these large corporations want to stay in the stone age of mainframe computing?
Chainlink is the only project solving an REAL WORLD PROBLEM.
I aint got no worries.
https://youtu.be/-3KE9U6xO08
this.
haters gonna hate.
LINKers gonna win.
Anyone knows the ico price in sats?
Why did you post a D.O.C song.
Also only thing im worried about is not having enough link..fucking wish i was around to get it at .2, im a poorfag but getting as much as possible, not at my goal yet, fuck if i got in at .2 i would be their already ×10
I THOUGHT IT WAS MOONINGI BOUGHT AT .19 AAAAAAAA
Dont worry, hodl that shit
sub 500 sats soon
Why?
On the back of what news?
What research have you done?
Faggots we have news coming in days, hold tight.
This is not going to be a smooth ride for fucksakes.
This shit is innovating, that means big money always.
Fuck how stupid are you faggots.
Also long as that fattie isn't lieing to us and what he is saying is possible then we are all good faggots.
Banks are going to wanna buy this shit, fuck me idiots