Can we get mods to contain LINKies to 1 thread at a time?
The shilling is beyond out of hand.
no
If you think shilling is a long-term strategy to a coins success, you're gonna have a bad time
no
implying I need to shill it when EVERY smart contract on the planet has to connect to chainlink nodes
implying there won't be other oracles>implying people will pay large sums of money to access dataThe shilling was funny at first, but we are at soviet propaganda levels now.
It's fine if you truly believe the two things above won't happen, just calm down a bit.
he actually doesn't know what chainlink is forHAHAHAHAseriously, read the whitepaper you illiterate nigger.
Posts like this make me not feel bad for your impending wojacks.I can't wait to return here in the future and laugh at you LINKies
with the whitepaper alone out of context of the recent developments, partnerships and aspirations, one can't fully grasp and comprehend the dimension of this space mission to the fucking Andromeda galaxy anyway.
implying there won't be other oraclesChainLink/smartcontract.com has first mover advantage on decentralised oracles, as well as huge top level industry recognition.
It is far and away in the lead.
Considering that oracle networks succeed based on level of adoption, this is a field where first mover advantage will reap huge benefits.>implying people will pay large sums of money to access dataThey don't need to pay large amounts of money per transaction as long as there is a high volume of transactions.
4274657please use the updated version of the pic bro4272169
no
Pretty much this.
"Muh others will do the same" is as smart as to say "ETH will go to 1$ because there are other platforms who can do the same as ETH".
You only say such things if you are the pinnacle of the absolute state of biztards.
Otherwise you would be ashamed and couldn't look into the mirror for a while.
My bad.
Misclicked the wrong file.
I'll delete old version.
very goodretards can't grasp chainlinks potential.
I'm starting to think that half the budget for chainlink went into professional shills, and we're seeing the effect it's having.
Hell, it may be possible that sergey himself shills on /biz/ constantly.
professional shillsare my Photoshop skills so highly valued by you?
deluded
read the whitepaper illiterate nigger.
Or we could just get a /link/ containment board for them.
Soviet propaganda is fine