Ok biz, got a nice car now not a lambo but also expensive.
How the fuck do i show it off aside from bars?
I dont want to drive drunk.
Its literally impossible for some chick to see that you drive a nice car.
In most cases, the parking lot is located far from the spot people are hanging out.I should have paid for hookers instead of buying a car.
How the fuck do i utilize this shit to get my dick whet.
I thought the goal of crypto is to get a nice car and get women mirin from the car and fuck them.
How will they even mire the car.
kek
>Volkswagen>nice Lmao no
Its a fucking Audi you piece of shit.
lol you got an A7?
That shit will end up being more expensive than a Lambo after maintenance fucks you royally in the ass.But to answer your questions, car shows are great.
Cars and Coffee has a lot of locations in the US and check out your local area for any Audi clubs.
You will probably find a yearly festival near you, I would definitely make the trip for it.
Always a good time with scantily clad ladies everywhere.
I should have bought the new honda civic instead ffs.
No one even sees me in this fucking car.
“You are not your job, you’re not how much money you have in the bank.
You are not the car you drive.
You’re not the contents of your wallet.
You are not your fucking khakis.
You are all singing, all dancing crap of the world.”
people who fawn over cars are the gayest fags in the world, there are dudes who dont even have drivers lisences slaying puss on the regularyou got memed upon
you're probably going to have to do a little work and find dates and then the car will come into play
Coffee shops, giant windows, curb side parking in front of door.
DULUTH REPORTING!!.
WHICH ALM IS THAT?
DULUTH or ROSWELL?
also alm are crooks btw
4385279This was supposed to be a fucking sure pussy mission car.
Audi is the brand most chicks recognize thanks to this fag ass movie.
spending money on a depreciating assetwhy do normies always have to spend their money on stupid shit like that instead of re-investing it elsewhere, just drive a sub-$10k car it's literally just a vehicle to get you from point A to point B
>VAGno one will even look.Most of this cars are company or leasing cars.If you want a show off you should buy something unpractical.
Since you cant get a lambo you could have bought a 4C.
lol you wasted all your money
Coffee shops,Ohhh thats plausible.
Im going to try looking for coffee shops that have a view of the parking lot kek.
Roll balls out in public places where chicks aggregate (protip : not a bars, there is sausagefest)Great places : libraries, malls, OR enroll in some shit university programme and scoop up classmates.
You buy nice cars for yourself, not for some sluts.
I hope you aren't a fag and didn't buy an automatic... right?
your car isn't going to attract roasties if you're a massive faggot the two energies cancel each other outupgrade the whip op or cruise around trailer parks
you literally could have got any 25k coupe and girls won't know the difference between that and a 100k car.some sedan isn't going to do shit
Nissan skyline is my I-made-it car.
Your friends?
Your social circles?
Girls on the street check you out if you look good yourself.>not fit + shit car = no girls>not fit + nice car = no girls>fit + shit car = girls>fit + nice car = all girlsI'm fit with a shit car and girls check me out from the street.
Who the fuck drives manual cars nowadays?
Kek.
Also i hate driving, i prefer to chill inside while someone drives it.
Im only forced to drive cars because its the masculine thing to do.
I mean most women expect you to drive your own car.
Must cruise High School parking lots anon its the only way
Tyler durden claims you are not your job>His job is literally "leader of an anarchist army".
Yes, very common/easily attainable occupation>Played by brad pitt, the chaddest man of his time>Some broke virgin neet quotes his speech thinking it applies to himi shiggy
You would wear the key on a necklace, that way everybody will see you are rich.
This literally works but I'm sorry to tell you that if it isn't a lambo chicks arn't going to just throw themselves at you.
You're still going to have to approach and say funny shit, the good news is with your medallion in full view you will be instantly a funny guy, you literally can't lose anon, let us know how she was.
this has to be a trollno one is this shallow and stupid with their money r-right?
you put pussy over all your riches, money and being.
Stop being a fucking idiot and do humanity a favor, quick putting vagina on top of everything.
just pay for hookers and that is it, women aren't worth more than you.
God dammit white people make me sick
AAAAAAAAAAA thanks anon.
I got a real great idea thanks to you.
I'll hang out spots with parking lots near a high school notorious for girl dropouts.
Like they said, its easier to pick the low hanging fruit.
4385406Are you guys literal idiots?
You think people want lambos (or any expensive car) just to drive it?
Its for showing off.
Dont tell me anons that you prefer showing off to fellow men...
you fucked up OP
Also, the only cars that really have an effect on girls are Rolls Royces.
OP is a dumbshit who couldn't work harder and save a little bit longer for a car that actually grabs attention.
he actually has a point, they do expect this, and they do care what car it is to some degree
Wtf, no one wants an old lambo.
Plus i find lambos to be tacky.
Admit it faggits, lambos are tacky.
Women are more attracted to classy cars like Audi, Mercedes Benz, etc.
Yeah bro it's something you show off after you pull the tail.
The first step is to look good enough to pull the tail.
The car helps seal the deal if you know what I mean.
This is false.
They all have an effect but to varying degrees, but is true that rollers would go a very long way in optimizing the recruitment process
Uh you take a woman on a date.
duh.
Do the gold digger prank!
insurance on a lambo will cost you an arm.
Uh you take a woman on a date.
duh.Then whats the fucking point of the expensive car?
kek.
By the time you get her to agree to a date its almost likely that you are going to get laid with or without an expensive car.
Wrong.
If it looks new enough they don't give two fucks what lambo it is.
Whats fucked up is a million dollar countach is going to score less points than that shitty gallardo.
They will think it's too old and that you are meming unless their boyfriend really fucks up and tells them
Audi sucks.
Porsche is where it's at.
Stylish but not full on pretentious.
Good for showing off without looking like a tryhard.
Audi...
I just don't get the point.
I only kinda like the TT.
hahah what dude have you never been on a date?
Far from a guarantee.
Bitches be wantin dat free dinner m8.
4385229you all are stupid.. go down and rent a badass car for a few days, take off the import license plate bullshit so people cant tell its a rental.
Then go lie your ass off to the dumb gold digger whores... but dont spend a dime on them.really though guys, if you arent getting laid pretty easily now then either your too ugly for your standards or are super fucked up personality wise.
It sounds like you bought that sweet ride for all the wrong reasons.
Drive the car, enjoy the car.
If it worked for picking up women they'd be the very worst kind.
you need to go out more often boi.
I won't even bother to explain you what I meant and sadly you're the fucking idiot.
Porsche is where it's atA colleague of mine owns a porsche.
Let me tell you anon, never get a Porsche.
Its an absolute dick magnet hahahaha.
Do you want to attract dicks instead of pussies?
A7Is an old man's car.
And I don't mean some suave type, I mean a pensioner.
I'm a little a both mate.
It's easy to not get laid if you put forth 0 effort because of tryhard faggots like you.
this one and you don't break the bank
if you arent getting laid pretty easily now then either your too ugly for your standards or are super fucked up personality wise.I get laid before the car.
But now, I want to get laid USING the car get it?
I want to attract higher caliber girls USING it.
Im sick of 6 to 8 out of 10 girls.
I want the 9's and the 10's.
Look this is pretty easy.Girls like guys in convertibles because they imagine themselves sitting in it.Sell the A7 and get a BMW or Porsche convertible.
Grew up in Miami.
The girls always want to ride in the convertible so they can be seen.
Sell the A7 and get a BMW or Porsche convertible.
Kek i just bought this car ffs.
I just need a way to make women see me getting out of it after i park or at least make them see my car keys.
Jesus, dat depreciation.Who in their right mind buys these things new?
Who in their right mind buys these things new?Errr y-yeah what kind of idiot buys cars brand new
Fomo'd into buying audi bagsThis is a new low for /biz/
ThisDidn't know about that but tbqh I don't care.
I just kinda like them.
Stilish in a nazi way, like hugo boss.
Of course, they've got nothing on Ferrari, but that's all another ball park.
4385229Just parallel park it in one of those down town areas by a sidewalk.
When a hot girl walks by roll down down your window and ask her if she wants to go get coffee.
Why an A7 tho?
Audis are boring, corporate, they all look the same except for the TT and A1, which are the only tow worth getting.
Really, you'dd probably get more tail with a TT or with a used porsche.
A7 is too big anyway, it's a car that says "I have a family" or "I'm a middle aged manager and this is the company car".
Boring, sad.
Is it fun to drive at least?
Jesus mate women don't just fall over on guys with nice cars and ask to fuck.Society would collapse overnight if this were the social dynamic.
Why an A7 tho?
Audis are boring, corporate.
It's a car that says "I have a family" or "I'm a middle aged manager and this is the company car"Thats the point.
The car sends out a message of "responsibility".
That along with my young age makes it the perfect combination.
Especially since i prefer women 2 to 5 years older than me.>Nice car, I bet he's responsible and successful>Oooh he's quite young.
He must be a talented genius executive of some sort.
I want the 9 or 10's>older than meyou are fucking larping or just completely confused OP
I'm fucking 25 years old you dumbass.
2 to 5 years older than me is 27 to 30.
Even science shows that women's beauty peak at the age of 29.
>Black AudiYou must be a white millennial from New Jersey with rich parents.
get a bitcoin QR code on your gold money clip so bitches know who they're dealing with
what % of your crypto holdings did you spend on the car?
I was thinking about spending 10% on a meme car but I'm going to wait until spring or not spend it at all
You're a fucking idiot.
You should be going for 21 yr old college campus hotties who want to find themselves.
Pre 2008 Gallardo's are extra garbage
You're a fucking retard.
Car = emotion, otherwise people wouldn't spend more than 10k on one.
You want the chick to feel like she's going on an adventure, like she's in a movie or something.
Not like she's in dad's car.
Emotions are irrational; you get chicks with an irrational car, not with a boring, safe german design.
The main problem, anon, is that you're not a car guy.
You're like a boomer investing in crypto; you have the bread, but you have no teeth.
The car is not about looks, it's about feeling the road and the motor, going on adventures and shit.
You fucking neet momma's boy.
No offense tho
Around 30 to 35%.
Stupid I know, but who cares?
Im young and I still have majority of my money in crypto.
I just want to brag to women a little that I earned good money.I'm already a graduate.
How the hell will i meet girls in campus again?
Plus in college its all about working out.
Thats why i often went to the gym back then.
Cars dont really matter that much with college sluts.
That is absolutely not how they see themselves though.You don't even need a job to fuck them OP, they will fuck you just to feel attractive again!
All you gotta do is not be a humongous faggot.
I'm 25 and in love with a "girl" of 29 and even I know that's bullshit.
Age is starting to show on her, she was more beautiful before.
Sometimes I look at her facebook pictures from high school and damn, do I wish we could turn back time.
She's my muse for busting my ass working and trading in the hopes of tapping that dumb ass one day.
4386225this model is what I've been looking to buy after winter is overI've gotten a gym membership and training classes to get into shape so I can get nice clothes and have a clean lookI'm a virgin neet honestly and over the years crypto has been good to me
Porsche is where it's atOnly if it's a 911
not keeping the car by your side at all times for maximum pretentiousnesskys
I choose the red head
Coffee shops next to it
Good Luck!
Retard
Are the answer choices part of the question or are they just there?
Because if they're just there to trick you then the answer is 25%.
However, if those are in fact answer choices then the correct answers are A, B, and D because you'd initially be 25% correct before looking at the answers but after looking at the answers you see 2 "25%" answers which add up to 50% which is also an answer so you have to include that too.
thanks anon it's been a wild 3 years and I've finally made it out of r9k
I drive one of these and live in yuppy apartments in a big city.All my neighbours have leased Audis and BMWs.Guess if you like cars you can spend money, but most people are over leveraged on a PCP contract on a depreciating asset which they never legally own and are a few payslips away from being insolvent.
ERROR: self referential question does not resolve, can not be converted to meaningful question.E.
Barbecue sauce
How the fuck do i utilize this shit to get my dick whet.Short answer is you don't.
Fancy cars are not an efficient use of resources for getting laid.
Not saying you should drive a rusty shit bucket.
Difference in poon for, say, a couple years old $20-30k Lexus/BMW/Audi/Acura/Mercedes whatever is minimal to non-existent compared to a $100k Porsche or a $300k lambo.
There are a fuckton of ways to make yourself more attractive and get more pussy with that money.Long answer: Fat bald ugly guys with no social skills who have never been popular finally get a cool sports car and suddenly they get attention from golddigger roasties.
A meme is born.
Also if someone is living the club life and wants some club sluts you can sway some when the valet pulls up in your Lambo.
Oh, but right, you're drunk, so you're ubering home anyway.If you're actually rich, it should become obvious to women you're dating over time based on your place, your not working, your having help, your traveling that you're a man of means.
If you really just want to get your dick wet, hookers are cheap.
Or get a sugar baby if it makes you feel differently.
Use it for UBER and drive drunk sloots everywhere srsFound out real quick that sloots don't really care too much about your car.
Yeah they do but it's not nearly as important to them as it is to you.
The only times sloots really care about your car is:A.
If you look good.B.
If the car is a ferrari or lamborghiniC.
If you look good.
see
Same.
It's about your presence.
You are felt before you are even seen
Pfft 4 door sedan...Only think you'll be picking up is your grandparents for Sunday brunch.
>chicks>ever understanding shit about carsHAHAHAHAProtip:>wear brand clothes (thats what chicks recognize)>whenever you have to pay in public do this from your money clip that contains several hundred>get the newest iphoneTHATS how you get fresh teen pussy
Red Pill.... any woman who would judge you on your car isn't worth having in the end.
wait is pic related your car?
that isn't gonna get your dick wet dude, it's a sedan and not very nice looking, very generic.
i bought a brand new corvette in 2010, was the first new car i'd ever owned in my life.
even that's nothing compared to a lambo or ferrari or something but i still got my dick wet with it somewhat regularly, lots of girls approached me just to compliment my car.
i lived in a small-ish city though where there were probably only a handful of similar cars in town.
This guy gets it.
Money just enhances your current presence.
lolthe type of girls who care about what car a guy drives are not the ones looking for "responsible" men they want to party u autismfag
Found the autist.
yep.
met the best girls ive known when i had no car, then got a jeep, then got a BMW later, she liked me more when i just had a pleb car
Its a boring car everyone will assume you're boring.
Girls who care about your car want fun
lol youre larping i hope
but I dont really try anon..
I have a mediocre 10 yr old truck and really no money to speak of and I'm definitely not super attractive... maybe a 7.
I just try to be nice and friendly and somehow girls always come talk to me and I ask for their numbers after a few minutes and then date them for a little while.
Maybe you just dont pick up on the signs.
I may be reading this on the toilet, but your still image photograph illicited a response in my fruity loins.
You may proceed.
>tfw will still be driving my 2007 civic long after i "make' iti used to have an 02 audi a6 that cost me more than 10k in repairs and maintenance in 4 year span i owned it.
I don't plan on getting another german car ever again and will probably get some toyota down the line just to have a backup car in case one decides to stop working.
Also appears frequently in the Avengers movies.
Lambo is also owned by VW you buffoon.
somebody get this roastie off the man's board pls
What kind of knob buys a car to "be seen" in.
Should've bought some self esteem with that money
How many of you fags lease or finance your car?
I always laugh when someone with a 60k car had to finance it.
I was at the BMW dealership looking at the BMW m4 and the stupid car salesman tried offering me a lease deal and said he leased his cars, I made fun of him right there and told him why leasing is stupid.
The look on his face was so shocked when I told him I'm buying in cash.
Fags that think they're wealthy becuase they're driving a 50k financed or leased car piss me off.
first you sell that shit and buy something with "WOW", what you got there is "neato"
The majority of BMW and Audi customers lease, because the lease deals on german cars usually have excellent residuals compared to a Lexus or something.
Buying a depreciating asset with cash, especially in a low interest rate environment, is not smart, especially if you're making multiples in crypto.
Enjoy your M4, because you ARE paying for it.Yes, I finance my car.
You know that girls get turned on by a guy that knows how to drive manual right?Literally how my last girlfriend would introduce me to people; "This is anon, he drives stick"
My ex called me a fucking loser and said I was just trying to be cool (it was a 2009 Legacy lol).Notice I said "ex."
It probably helps to have something they perceive as a sports car - I drive a CRZ which has styling that looks "fast" but DESU siennas smoke me
pic related
No they don't, 90% of girls probably couldn't even tell the difference between a manual and automatic transmission.
I never understood the "driving manual is manly" meme.
Automatic transmission is superior in every single way.
Do people consider it "manly" to use outdated computer hardware or software?
And this is coming from a guy that can drive a manual transmission but only drives automatic.
Only 16/17 year olds and 85 IQ rednecks think driving manual is "cool" or "manly"
You couldn't be more wrong.
Girls can definitely tell what a manual transmission is.
It's pretty fucking obvious when you keep reaching down to the gear lever every 10 seconds that it's not the same as an automatic.
Automatic is superior for acceleration and that's about it.
As far as being able to downshift on demand, drive in a higher gear in the snow, get better mileage, and enjoy lower maintenance fees, manual wins.
That's not even counting the fact that it's way more fun to drive unless you suck ass at it.
If I sucked at it I would prefer to only press the go pedal too.
Do you know Andrew popaberg?
you cant drive stick and have a girl give you a bj
drive manual>always feel like I'm breaking it>Annoying after the fun wears off>accelerates slower but feels fasterI don't like it desu.
But I do like downshifting to brake without lights, for tailgaters and cops.
Maybe that's why I feel like I'm breaking it.
SO, the character was anti consumerism?
Holy shit this thread blew up.Bullshit, all they care about is whether their friends think the guy their dating has an expensive car.
Car's appearance/prestige > driving skills.Totally, plus is it really worth driving stick especially in traffic?
You fags bash me for wanting a nice car to be more attractive to women but you guys are also using driving "stick" to be more attractive to women at the cost of comfort and safety which is even more pathetic.
I implemented a hidden switch in the brake lights circuit to do exactly this without breaking the coupling.
Was back in the 90s.
How do you like the new Honda Civic Turbo?
I was planning on buying that car but chose to shell out more for the Audi.
I regret it desu, i wish i just bought the cheaper car which still looks good.
The SI?
its supposed to be a fun car to drive and honda reliability is great, but I dont like the taillights and fake vents that are the cornerstones of the current civic lineup.
If I was looking to spend in the 25k range today I'd prefer a golf GTI
at the cost of comfort and safetyStopped reading.
Shit driver detected.
If you know how to drive a manual is SAFER because you have MORE control over how the car handles.
But I wouldn't expect an autotragic failure to know or understand that.
Kek i admitted earlier that i hate driving and im only doing so because pussie pouches expect men to drive their own car.
for tailgatersTo trick them into rear ending you?
Ultimate crypto car here.
more like who would spend 16,000 dollars on a piece of shit thats over ten years old.
what a fucking waste of money.
over 9000 hours in gimp
KEK im still deciding where the fuuuuck i should go today to show off.
I'm a neet so im unemployed.
This car is fucking useless.
I keep googling hangout spots in google but i still cant decide.
Looks nice but it's way too expensive anon.
You shouldn't spend more than 30k if you're not a millionaire, imo.
Expecially if it's just to get laid.
muh aerodynamicsIt's literally just the body shape that makes people want to buy this fucking thing.
Why don't car manufacturers just make their plain cheap cars look exactly like this to boost their sales?
It's not like it would be more expensive for them to manufacture a new body shape, and it's not like you can fucking patent a shape.
There must be some sort of coordinated conspiracy between all car companies to artificially boost the lambo's price by making it the only car you can buy that is shaped like this.
The other companies probably get a small kickback for each lambo sold, as long as they continue to promise not to manufacture their own cars shaped like a lambo.
Audi body, Volkswagen engine, so basically an overpriced Volkswagen.
enjoy your 4G bluetooth remote code execution exploit hijackable brakes and steering so the first kid to root your car from the comfort of his mother's basement can drive you into a tree at 90 mph you incredibly stupid fuck.anyone who buys a car newer than 2008 deserves the death they will receive.
it's only a matter of time before the hijackening.
you stupid apple worshipping touch screen loving motherfuckers will be reminded with fire that there is an actual point to doing some things as low tech as possible
it boosts her enthusiasm, wetness, and likelihood of additional dates.if you don't care about those superfluous details and you're only looking for a hole to fuck, then you can make a temporary one with your left hand and fuck it and get the urge out of the way, then swiftly get back to hustling your way to riches without wasting hours interacting with some stupid roastie
the toaster of cars...i got the most pussy of my life driving a '66 bug - chicks love old cars, it was fully restored of course - looked good, but honestly, buy a classic.
You won’t get any attention in an Audi everyone has one
enjoy your 4G bluetooth remote code execution exploit hijackable brakes and steering so the first kid to root your car from the comfort of his mother's basement can drive you into a tree at 90 mph you incredibly stupid fuckwhy are you so hard on me senpai, i only did it for the pussie.
btw i still havent been able to show off my fucking car.
FUCK THIS STUPID ASS meme of buying cars.
i thought girls would notice my wealth desu, only the person in charge of the parking lot fucking sees me.I cant roll the window down because i dont want to look like an enormous douchebag especially since im young
Jesus you're still hereJust put your car keys in pain view on the fucking table when ordering food in the restaurant you jackass
i... cant... get.... laid... using my fucking car.
i should have not used 30 to 35% of my portfolio for this stupid luxury car meme.
im going out again.
i'll report if works this time.
>$200,000 for thisthis is what I mean.
there must be a conspiracy to create artificial scarcity of the most desired body shape.tell me it costs them more to manufacture this car than it costs to manufacture a honda civic, and i'll tell you you're full of shit.
dude... when you're 25, you don't need money or looks to get women in their 30s.
you just need to show up.i bet older women hit on you all the time and you're too socially retarded to pick up on it
BTC for thisLaughing at you idiots who don't even know how to spend money
i pull up to the stop light and girls are yelling at me from across the street
he wasn't shocked.
he was trying to manipulate you.
those faggots get a raise when they can coerce someone into a shitty loan, even the customers who don't need one.
4388405neither of you have ever gotten a blowjob while driving
The more you make of something the cheaper it is.
Lambos are rare and probably cost much more to make.
The materials in the engine, brake, suspension, body, interior are also much more expensive to buy or manufacture compared to a Honda Civic.
stupid nigger
okay but why isn't that particular body shape used by everyone?
it's the most desirable shape.
99% of people don't know or care about the specs, they see that body shape and salivate.it doesn't cost them more to manufacture that shape.
they consciously choose not to do it.
there's only one explanation for that.
holy faggot.
And then he mentions the TT.
Are you super gay or 12?
Should of got an R8 bro.
The use the same engines that are in Lamborghini Huracan
You only brag about a car when you need it.
Most of the time you can brag about many other things.
You dont buy a car thinking resale, you buy it because it makes you smile every time you get in it.
If you buy a car with resale in mind its same as not fucking your gf to keep her tight for the next guy
4385279>Audi is VW>Lambo is not
you dumb motherfuckers, all those companies are in turn owned by Porsche group
Audis are literally just a shell over a VW and a 2x price tagit used to be different, but then the krauts realised that people pay for it anyways so here we are
what if I told u Lambo Porsche is also in VW Group?
the number of pajeets on this board makes me sad
Those cars don't share the VW hardware like Audi does
I hate people with your mindset OP.
I'm actually a car guy and because of people like you everyone thinks I'm trying to show how much money I have when I buy a nice car.If you can't pick up a good looking chick without showing her your car (which btw if pic-related is a bag of shit) then you're a worthless loser.
So good luck...
Surprised to see someone with the taste of a grown-up lurking on biz.
I went for a test drive in a 4c the other day and it sure is a fun car.
if you want girls with a nice car, yu should have gone for a convertible porsche, it literally translates to we will have sex every day or that i am a very sexual man who needs sex every day.so simple yet nobody knows about this.only over 25yo girls know about the porsche meaning tho.
Your favorite BIZBOY OP HERE.
GUESS WHO GOT LAID?
KEKEKEKKEK thats right me.
I got laid with a hooker.. She mired my car bros. >wow so successful at a young ageIm going to sleep now..
Feels good to get laid.
I give up trying to show off my car fuck this shit im gonna stick with hookers.
That's like saying every ERC20 token is ETH as they're based on same platform.Don't think you understand what shared platform means.
If Audi want to develop something, say a laser headlight, the rest of the VW group have access to use the part and customise it to fit said vehicle is all, doesn't mean an Audi is a VW, it has its own engineers and developement teams, they just share ideas and generic parts seeing as they are under the same parent company, for profits.
Business 101.
PUT KEYS ON TABLE U IDIOTits the first thing whores check + bottle of some expensive shit
I got laid already anon sew my podt post 
gj, take my advice next time, you wont believe how easy it is
dont bang hookers, you will 100% get herpes
t. me, I have herpes, I banged a lot of hookers (with condom always, no bare bj or anything)not worth it
over ten years oldThere are great cars that are 20 years old, 30 years old, 40 years old etc.
This 10 year old M6 will smoke most cars on the street
They drive the same, they just as boring with an ugly interiorIf you actually want a quality VW group car get a skoda, they have to keep locking up their engineers in cages because of the low funding they solve a shit ton of problems Hanz overcomplicated Or for the price of an A7 you could actually get a good car instead
thinking you actually get girls based on your caryou bought the meme anon.
Irl girls are attracted to confidence and verbal game.
Just collect your best pictures and cruise tinder.
I'm not saying there aren't gold diggers out there who will be impressed by a nice car, but if you think girls just fly toward you because you are driving around in some sports car, you are gonna have a bad time.
Sell the car and buy something useful.
I'm married now, but when I was single I banged a lot of beautiful college girls.
I drove a fucking 2000 Mazda Protege with 160,000 miles.
No one cares.
Just be attractive and know how to make girls laugh.
That's all you need.
hate driving, i prefer to chill inside while someone drives it.I feel more comfortable behind the wheel as I trust my focus, reflexes, and decision making over 99.9 of everyone else in the road.
You don't go dutch?
Last date I was on the woman paid.
thinking bitches care about your car beyond it looking decent
If u plan to buy a lambo i have bad news for you.
dat spaltmaßTruly a ricer
The character was faggot.
Like you.
But you're the kind of faggot, that literally can't stop suckin dick, while the character is more of a gets his dick sucked faggot.
t. I know literally nothing about cars
Damn dats ugly.
Looks like a ridiculously pimped toy car for manlets.
>not buying this beast with your crypto gainsIt’s like you hate woman and having fun.
, it literally translates to we will have sex every day or that i am a very sexual man who needs sex every day.>so simple yet nobody knows about this.>only over 25yo girls know about the porsche meaning tho.Explain this meme
wasting money on pussyWhy do people do this?
I'm a girl and I drive manual transmission in one of my cars because it's fun, and on motorcycles because you really can't have an automatic gearbox on a bike.
I know many other girls who drive stick.
Like most people who drive stick, they're usually somewhat better drivers because they're not fucking around on their phones while driving.
so is>bugatti>bentley>lambo>porschefaggot
One day I'll buy onefuck lambos I want an Evo 2
I've driven one of these.
Fucking ROCKET.
Would buy this over any lambo any day...
ITT: Plebs posting trashy and soulless kitchen appliances on wheels
If I wanted a car that wants me dead I'd buy pic related
meant for
is genital herpes bad?
i have oral herpes and fucking hate it>visible ones outside my mouth look like pimples, but if i pop them to try to hide it, it backfires because they look even more disgusting as a bloody sore with a large red radius, and hurts for weeks>they sometimes spawn INSIDE my mouth, on the INNER wall of my lips, where they form incredibly painful ulcers instead of pimple-like sores, and these take a month to heal and hurt so fucking bad any time i move my mouth in the slightest>they sometimes spawn at the corners of my mouth, and then they rip open every time i open my mouth to speak.
these ones take MONTHS to heal because they keep ripping themselves back open.>i've read a lot about how the oral herpes virus camps out on nerve endings when lying dormant between flares, and very slowly it climbs up the nerve endings until it reaches the rather close-by brain, at which point you get herpes lesions on your fucking BRAIN and start developing dementia and alzheimersthis shit is the worst thing that has ever happened to me, and i got it from a kissless handholdless virgin.
we later determined she must have gotten it when she was molested by her shitlib mother's illegal immigrant boyfriend when she was 11. he would slobber on her face and that must be how she got it.
she had always assumed it was just pimples.>inb4 she made that story up to cover for her past sluttery.
no, she was definitely a virgin, and she was definitely molested by an oral herpes infected mexican when she was a child.
i can't explain how i know this without turning this into a blog post, and it's already a blog post.
NOBODY knows (OR CARES) anything about cars.
99% of people are conditioned to drool upon seeing a certain body shape.
That was my point and you didn't address it at all, therefore I've won the argument
Who the fuck drives manual cars nowadays?Men
Who the fuck drives manual cars nowadays
She's my muse for busting my ass working and trading in the hopes of tapping that dumb ass one day.That's some real life poetry.
Touched my heart.Be persistent and you'll make it, but she might be well past her prime then
My dad owns a e63 that I get drive aroundFeels good man I can feel all the ladies eyeballing me when I get out at events
This guy is a total fucking cuck who knows basically nothing about cars.His understanding of a car is like a woman's: how comfortable are the seats, is the radio good, interior finishes etc.
He doesn't take risksNu male please
doesnt take risksThe Clio is more likely to kill you is the point I was makingthose shits want to take you out, doesnt matter if it dies in the process, it will fucking try everything in the book
Yeah but the Clio is a kitchen appliance on wheels, you numale.
>Not driving around in the high speed Bitcoinmobile blaring derogatory anti-fiat currency soundbites out of the loudspeaker at unsuspecting passers by
the V6 is a regular cliothe porsche cant even come close dude
buying an Alfa Romeo