Aren’t there too many moral implications when investing in BitCoin?
The whole thing is gonna be used to pay criminals, human trafficking, child rape, drugs, and guns.
Even if you don’t give a fuck, most of society will
Who gives a shit.
Just make me rich.
I don't care about anyone else.
I deserve to be rich because my life has been full of misery.
money talks./thread
i forgot cash can't be used for all those things
>implying the USD doesn't already do that
So... basically like cash, diamonds or gold, but more traceable?
The whole thing is gonna be used to pay criminals, human trafficking, child rape, drugs, and guns.
Even if you don’t give a fuck, most of society willso just like literally every other currency
and the fiat dont?
Sounds pretty secure to me OP.
4403112Yeah but this was made specifically for those purposes
You mean exactly like anything else then?
Gold, Silver, Fiat...
They are all used for the same things and also untraceable if you use cash monies.
Christ, there are plenty of banks that will do anon banking trades.
Criminals do not need BTC.Also, this.
Bitcoin is actually unusable.
All new technology is adopted by criminals first because the underground has the highest market friction.
It's nothing new, this is like the early 90s internet all over again and I'm not missing out this time.
Also cash is used for all this stuff at 1000000x the rate, so burn your satan jew bucks too
Uh no not really.
Anyone dumb enough to use bitcoin for illegal purposes is being tracked as fuck.
Easier for authorities to track bad guys dealing bitcoin than laundered cash money.
money can be used for evil thingsWow it's fucking nothing
Maybe made to monitor people using it for those purposes.
Btc is easily traceable and Tor has been pwnd for a long time now.
BitCoinN00b detected
You should be buying FENX to resist censorship and promote the free internet.
It's decentralization for good
Put those same arguments to the US Dollar.
A far greater proportion of the transactions you mentioned take place using the $ than Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency.
What are the moral implications of having that in your wallet?
Just yesterday I saw some guy on the street give a CRACK DEALER $20 USD.. ITS FUCKING SPREADING TO FIAT MONEY NOW!!!
THANKS A LOT BITCOIN, FIAT WAS CLEAN UNTIL YOU CAME AROUND
Report from the ECB shows that criminals aren't exactly interested in using cryptocurrency's and only 0.1% of organized crime uses crypto.
Anyway.. you're better off using monero and ZenCash anyway
I want to look like ops pic and be a billionaire at the same time.
My name is Lord Crypto
The whole thing is gonna be used to pay criminals, human trafficking, child rape, drugs, and guns.More of all that shit can and has happened via USD than could ever be via BTC.Also BTC is way more traceable than cash.
Let's look at the US>Centralized currency>Taxed at every corner>High crime ratesNow singapore>Centralized currency>Low tax>Low crime ratesNow, if there were no Singapore to compare to, the US (((government))) might just try to convince you that a low crime rate is impossible without high taxes.
We know for a fact that is not true.
Sure, they might say singapore is very small and easy to take care of, but then it's not >impossible.Likewise, until there is a functioning government running on decentralized currency, all others will try to convince their populations that it's not doable.
I think that's not gonna last long though, japan is already taking a deep look in crypto.
They might be the first wealthy nation to cross the line.
Aren’t there too many moral implications when investing in BitCoin?>The whole thing is gonna be used to pay criminals, human trafficking, child rape, drugs, and guns.
Even if you don’t give a fuck, most of society willNot at allProfiting from bitcoin speculation doesn't increase the prevalence of "immoral" bitcoin uses.Bitcoin was used to buy and sell drugs at $800Bitcoin is used to buy and sell drugs at $8,000Bitcoin will be used to buy and sell drugs whether it's $80,000 or $8