Miners are slowly switching
Up to 20% again.
Holy fuck it's actually happening
Link to this?
I can't find it for the life of me because I'm dumb
price not increasing tho
IT IS HAPPENING LINK: https://fork.lol/https://fork.lol/
fork.lol
That's actually a good sign, it means miners do have some values then just immediate profit.
Honestly it's so close that if BCH dips back down it's fucked
Just wait until the miners switch.
BCH didn´t really pump but already so much more profitable.
BTC transactions will never clear
Yeah bch can't afford another dipThis better fucking moon in like an hour or it's game over
What time is it in Korea?
And since BTC rises and falls relative to BCH right now it doesn't need to do much to tip the scales back
Miners still have incentive to mine BTC due to high fees, once the TX gets cleared up I bet we will see more miners
Guys is there going to be another pump soon?
Fuck I'm so nervous, it has to go back up or my life is over.
:40
The greasy chinks are going to moon it
What time is it in Korea?>Implying any big players in this shit have been sleeping the past three days
Fees are already part of the calculation you see on on fork.lol .
but you might be right.
fork.lolbig amount of normies can make a change too
BCH could go half price (FROM NOW) and I'd be back at my initial investment.
This has been the easiest ticket (whether stocks or coins) to play the dips on that I've ever seen.
The chart is like a fucking heart rate monitor or stair steps.
it dips it rises it dips it rises.
sometimes more than others in either direction.
so easy to sell and rebuy over and over if you watch the 1 min chart closely.
Most recent update to it
Price diped, still more profitable than BTC
BCH could go half price (FROM NOW) and I'd be at 25% of my initial investment.
Never go full FOMO
It's done.
after this shit is over PoW is done for
BTC transactions will never clearwe've been reading this for months nowmuh spiral of death, amirite?
So what's going on.
There's virtually zero volume but when it dipped below.2 there was suddenly a flurry of activity.
after this shit is over PoW is done forThank fucking god.
Satoshi had some good ideas but this shit ain't sustainable
4346976Definitely.
Well designed PoS systems or hybrids that use both PoS and PoW are the future.
Jesus christ I've been stepping back from all this for the past few days but something came over me an hour ago and I bought BCH at $1400 an hour because I thought I'd be able to flip a quick profit up to $1600.How fucked am I?
I can't believe I did something so retarded, I've been so careful lately.
Should I sell now?
You're good bro, just wait out the storm
the floor is around 1k or so, it's not that bad desu.we're not done yet since bch is more profitable to mine.
Nobody can say.
People invested heavily in BTC will say yes, while people in BCH will say no.
You gotta make your own risk call on this
If you believe in BCH 1400 isn´t a bad priceAnd now relaxhttps://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY
Aaaaaand it's moon time
If you are not buying BCH you deserve to lose.Read the signs!
Read the signs!The potential mini bulltrap?
hope you're joking because no, bch is gonna crashbtc is going to 10k by year end tho once futures open up
people buying the dip anticipating a riseTHESE are the bagholders
I want to die.
>BTC now more profitableFace it, your coin is a PnD.Learn it now newcoiners, BTC always comes out on top.
Better buy high sell low - am i rite?
BTC´s only use case is "store of value".
Another word for praying wallstreet pumps it because nobody wants to use it for anything else
>BCH 1.13xhuh
there was a lot of money to be made playing these dips the past few days but eventually one of them will be the final dip and BCH will plummet and the people holding the hot potato are going to be pissedkorea is pumping BCH and whales are playing the market, miners are gonna favour BTC
BCH is more profitable now and has more hashing power than BTC.
Now we wait and see if that actually means something
you're naive, bitcoin IS cryptocurrency in the minds of almost every person in the market.
less than 1% of all people own bitcoin and even less than that own altcoinsBTC will continue to go up and up and up because of investment money and tech problems will be solved down the line but in the short term (2-3 years or more) BTC is the only crypto I can see large (multi-billion) dollar investment coming in
When is this happening
are we still going to .3 guys?
We will see who is right.
I don´t think BTC and BCH can both exists.
Both are competing for hashing power
not until 9ish EST
The bald faggot told everyone to buy at 1400.Just waaaait
when US traders get off work and koreans/chinese wake up BCH will pump one final timebuy .195 if you can and sell at .26 we won't get to .3mark my words
told everyone to buy at 1400.That already happened though
Explain why.
I'm sick of this constant goalpost moving while I sit on net loss.
FUCKI BOUGHT HIGH, SOLD LOW AGAIN
Explain why.He wants to make more money and you selling lowers his chances of that
I fucking hate myself for what I've done over the past weekI was holding 10 BCH last week, sold them all right before the pump from $600 to $900, bought back 6 BCH, I was gonna go to sleep saturday night when I saw BCH mooning, decided to stay up trading, I make a few nice small trades and put low buy orders, they don't get reached and BCH starts mooning hard, I buy back higher, I put a very high sell order at 0.36 thinking I'm lucky if it goes there incredibly it gets hit and keeps going higher, at that point I'm +$7000 in profit, FOMO gets me and I buy back at 0.41, then bithumb goes down, price crashes hard, end up selling at 0.27 and buying again at 0.24, I see a huge buy order at 0.50 on kraken, transfer my BCH from bittrex, they get there 5 minutes too late so can't profit from it, now I have 5.8 BCH :(((

Remember, all your gains can go in a instant of pure emotional trading.
Maybe daytrading isn't for you man
t. faggot bagholder that wants people to fall for the greater fool theory
Yea it isn't.
The reason I sold last week is when the fork was canceled I was thinking money would flow back hard into alts, turns out it didn't, and the reason I bought back at 0.41 was that I was thinking maybe the flippening was happening for real as BTC was crashing hard at the same time, and in a few minutes time I saw all those gains vanish.
I never should have bought again so high into a pump, I even made a post on /biz/ saying it was pumping too fast and would crash, but I still hit the buy button because I was tired and stressed and shit, I needed those gains and I really hate myself for always letting opportunities like this pass by.
buy at .41>buy at .24these were your awful movesI made a lot of trades in this window too but you bought at WAY highsto each their own, I trade based on human behaviour and people will not adopt anything that isn't bitcoin for a long time
and people will not adopt anything that isn't bitcoin for a long timeIt'll be a good day when people finally do though
 now
that sucks mani'm one of the people who took your money thoughnot pictured: in at .20, out at .45
That's not even close to the ATH you're fine.
If you said 2500 I would have said you're fucked though
nope because at that point crypto will be diversified and there will be 50 coins all rising and falling just like forex trading now.BTC is the only sure bet until the endgame where crypto is the default currency, at which point market cap will have grown so much that I'll be a millionaire and won't care much about investments in crypto
koreans and chinese waking uphave you not noticed this is a coordinated manipulation by the asians?if you don't even know that plz stop daytrading just buy something and hodl (i'd suggest BTC or ETH if you're edgy)
BTC is the only sure bet until the endgame where crypto is the default currency,I genuinely don't believe PoW is gonna make it in the long-run
if you don't even know that plz stop daytrading just buy something and hodl (i'd suggest BTC or ETH if you're edgy)In the future I'll heed this advice, right now I'm praying to get out of this hole.
then let me manage your money or something idkright now everyone smart should be in BTC 75-80%, if BCH/BTC touches .185 I am going to go up to 60% in BCH in preparation for the korean pump at 8-9EST
Isn't BTC currently falling for the next few months?
No it is not dead yet, but soon it will be
nope, CME futures open in Dec and the steady stream of institutions/people buying this dip will keep it afloat until thenkeep in mind how many people are feeling FOMO from the BTC run from 1k to 7k, they ALL want a piece of the run to 10k
lets see how many retards fall for the orchestrated bull trap this time to dump the rest of the bags
muh wasteful PoWnah we just need to get better at harnessing the product of PoW, which is heat.
Quit burning fossil fuels to heat buildings and hot water, use PoW excess heat instead
buy in at .2 or lower and get out at .23 or .24easy 15-20% gains in an hour or twomade a bunch and tripled my bitcoin last night doing this
what if we used the heat to create electricity and increased the efficiency of mining by some %wouldn't the first person to figure that out make a cool hundred mil or so
Quit burning fossil fuels to heat buildings and hot water, use PoW excess heat insteadRight, cause every building is going to be running mining setups against the Chinese conglomerates.
The benefits wouldn't be close to successfully making back the amount it uses
Go to fucking \pol\ you racist cunt
dependsdid you shotgun it with all your funds?
you're naive, bitcoin IS cryptocurrency in the minds of almost every person in the market.This is 100% true.There's going to be a Bitcoin episode of Big Bang this month.
Note that I didn't say Cryptocurrency episode.Betting or hoping for BTC to be overtaken is like butchering the golden goose for a sandwich.
god i hope you lose everything you dumb nigger
Some mining farms use Miner heat as heating for their office.Other than that, how are you going to harness it?
A steam engine?
An electric induction heater?All of these ways to harness low energy (sub-100oC is hella low) and convert it back to electrical are so lossy, it loses its point.
4348454434791743478684347749434744443473084347054
lossy sure but yes, literally a fucking steam engine or something lmfaoeven if you only recoup 10% of the heat as electricity that's still a gain, and I'm sure it'd be more than 10%a quick google says Steam engines and turbines operate on the Rankine cycle which has a maximum Carnot efficiency of 63% for practical engines, with steam turbine power plants able to achieve efficiency in the mid 40% range.
I dont pay for heating during the winter.
I just use my miners.
Literally.
minimum temperature to make steam is 212 degrees farenheight, 100, Celsiusideal temp for running computers is under 75 celcius at load.higher temps degrade circuits faster and they burn out and break.the hard part is diffusing the heat away form the chip as fast as possible.you could use the fact that hot air rises to use ventilation to drive a turbine at the top of the building and have vents to outside air at bottom, but that requires large masses of decently hot air, which would reduce the temperature differential between the chips and the ambient air with is required for cooling.the issue isn't the temperature, it's the temperature differential, because differentials are required to do work.you need a big enough differential between ambient temp and chip temp to effectively cool chips, which means you have to keep the ambient air temp low enough that the difference between ambient air and outside air is too small to use to generate power.unless you are in some arctic location, in which case you won't need to cool the air, you'll just need to move a lot of air through the facilityalso, don't you think these massive operations would have already explored this stuff and put the best options into practice?
don't you think every possible solution has been thought of by now?no, people make a million dollars by improving ONE thing by 10% all the time
every solutionhahah good onewe're talking about the obvious large scale solutions.
facility wide hvac systemsalso, this stuff generally has to be planned out before handmany of these solutions are also only viable if you are building from the ground up, or completely overhauling the entire space.heck, why doesn't every company with a large square footage facility stick solar on the roofs like musk did with the gigafactory thing???
?>hint, because in the vast majority of cases the benefits don't outweigh the costs enough to implement