WEEEEE AREEEEE THE SEGWIT2X [Futures] MARIIIINEES AND WE ARE NOT SEEELLING!!!!!
lol there's no way

hahahhahahhaha hahahhahahhaha hahahhahahhaha hahahhahahhaha hahahhahahhaha hahahhahahhaha hahahhahahhaha
just buy the dip or stay poor retards
was already priced in mennn
Lol you have to wait until it recovers to even break even.
Meanwhile people like me just put their entire retirement savings into this dip.
Yep my $175,000 is going to be worth double its value tomorrow when this recovers.Keep up the buy and hold "strategy" though.
I'll keep getting rich daytrading.
Holy shit this is great
This is why I come to /biz/
Saved img so I can feel better about myself anytime I make a shit trade.
HOLY SHIT THAT WRECKAGE
Literally no future
Heads up!this type of market movement will also hit BCH because people were only buying it as backup insurance incase both chains stagnated.
Now there will only be one chain, and the BCH users will gradually come crawling back.
So who actually had the rights to sell those futures?
Did they all belong to the exchange?
Cuz I wanted to sell my imaginary s2x too.
The fact that this shit went above 2k makes me kek hard.
I can't stop laughing.
Who is actually buying this shit at $179???
Hey, I just woke up.
This is a joke, right?
Like some high level prank?I spent 20 bitcoins on 2x.
It was my ticket to the moon wtf.
There were backers wtf
I spent 20 bitcoins on 2xhope this is a joke.
2x es no mas
>When you try to be one step ahead of everyone but, you end up falling of the cliff because the step disappears.
If you're not larping I hate to break it to you, but Segwit is killhttps://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-segwit2x/2017-November/000685.html
can i still buy segwit2x for 0 $ and then just wait for the next fork?
I mean....FREE MONEY RIGHT?
fucking kek
btcucks getting proven yet again that their slow, functionless chink-controlled normie coin is ONLY good for airdrops which they aren't even guaranteed AHAHAHAHAAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
scam
What is that gif
Goddamn those guys are ruthless
This looks like DGBFunny, I'm gradually adding to my BCH stack.
Got in on that sweet sweet dip today.
Enjoy (((Segwit))), slow transactions, and extremely high fees.
so many people still in the rejection fase.
they'll probably reach suicide fase within the weekI legitametly feel sorry for you guys
fase

I thought about buying some but I was low balling and couldn't get the price I wanted so I gave up.
Dodged a bullet there.
Did you set stop losses?
Really funny, OP.Great joke.
ahahahahahhahaha i m SO GLAD THAT I M A RETARD WHO NEVER RISKS
those digits deserve an answerHomemade nerve gas
Segwit is fine you moron, its been implemented since august.the '2x' part is kill.
people were only buying it as backup insurance incase both chains stagnated.er, noPeople were buying it due to the 2x fud from Core and the risk of 2x failing.
That has literally happened.2x failed, Bitcoin Cash now has even greater importance as insurancePeople are gonna really hate Garzik now
He spent 85k$ on a bet with 1:6 odds.
He must be loaded or a complete retard.
KEK
kek
haahaha oh my
I don't understand.
If the fork isn't happening, aren't BT1 tokens equally worthless?
It is happening :)
2x failed, Bitcoin Cash now has even greater importance as insuranceYou're a desperately retarded person.
I don't think you understand 2x was a refuge for big block supporters.
with our 2x these people will come back to BCHit's a smart hold with all the fuckeryI just hold 1:1 BTC to BCH
I haven't sold my BCH from the split, but I would rather have it crash and burn completely to 0 sats than profit from the precedent being set that it is ok to fork bitcoin.
All the suicide hotline numbers in the comments
The price is going up and people are still buying these!
Don't worry guys, just set a limit sell at +900% of the current price and you MIGHT break even.L O LOLT E TETJ E JEJK E KEK
Oh yeah, here.
Almost forgot.
>garzig and co say 2x is cancelledx futures crashes>miners still siganling 2x>they buy up all 2x contracts for pennies>go through with 2x fork since garzik and co can't control what miners do>profit
ThisIt's going up since they announced they are coming back
How to create a bulltrap for a future based on something that doesn't even exist:Step 1.
Guys, we are going to fork, get in on these futures.Step 2.
Guys, it's canceled, dump your futures.Step 3.
Guys, we were just kidding, we actually have a ton of support and are still going through with the fork.
holy shit this is hilarous, now everybody is going what now?
why is btc even at 7.5k at this point.it just went from its a healthy bubble that will pop once the fork happens to reeeeeeee its a full blown bubble

Yeah dude, I can't believe it recovered from the bubble at 300, 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, and 6000.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS BUBBLE IS STILL GOING UP.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
NEXT THING YOU ARE GOING TO TELL ME IS THAT WE ARE RIDING THE CLEANEST ELLIOT WAVE KNOWN TO MAN ALL THE WAY TO 10K?!?!
all data were from a regulated stock market>is crypto regulated?a speculative market is heavily psychological not theoretical
kys faggot.
*yawn* *stretch* *fart*
It's over, Faggot.
All of you suicide now please.
BCH Scam is over.
Bitcoin won, Faggot.