This is the end of crypto.
For some, BCH was the goodbye present, for others a menace.
Unless BTC recovers, were done for good.
All alt markets traded on BTC.
People dared to work on their coins because they knew they can pay out in BTC.
With BTC gone, we're all fucked.
BCH is by all means a terrible coin based on an outdated old version of BTC with an extremely incompetent dev team.
It's a coin that in the past was only used for pump and dumping.
Is this the future base currency for crypto that you wanted?
Cash out whatever you can and learn Forex, that's where we're all going now.
With BTC gone, we're all fucked.This.
Those retarded BCH cucks, don't understand this, if you destroy bitcoin you are fucking destroying the base, the structure and the reputation of cryptocurrencies in general, NO FUCKING NORMIE WILL COME BUY IF THEY SEE HOW BITCOIN FELL YOU RETARDED CHINKS.BY TRYING TO KILL THE KING YOU ARE CAUSING A MASSIVE WAR THAT IS GOING TO DESTROY US ALL.
>BTC is too big to faillmao
A MASSIVE WARChaos is a ladder my friend.Learn how to climb.
I literally do not give a fuck.
Bitcoin is a goddamn dinosaur in the crypto world.
I hope it crashes to oblivion and takes all the scamshit-of-the-week coins with it.
BTC was the base store of currency everyone used.
It was the currency of cryptocurrencies.
A pivot, an anchor for everything.
We're absolutely done.It's like if someone suddenly removed your money from your wallet and told you to work for different money.
Would you be happy about that?
Everything in this ecosystem worked for BTC, it was central to it.
mate BCH is identical to BTC, nothing is going to happen, change some lines of code and we are done
bitcoin will truck on for the same reasons u state.
it really can't fall.
its the foundation on which the other currencies are building.
it just has a new friend now.
its probably gonna replace fuggen litecoin when all is said and done, lmaothe holy trinity.
bitcoin (gold), bitcoin cash (cash), and eth (the only one that does anything useful)
It was literally made king through manipulation and ddosing Bitcoin.
It's untrustworthy.
How do you think media will spin it?
Public trust in crypto died now, investors will go away, the only people who will care are those who will not shy away from using dirty tricks to profit.All coins have become altcoins.
And we all know how shitty they are.
Shift happens get used to it.
How does anyone even have the right to complain about this?They bought into an asset that 1000000x'd in the last 10 years at ATH when the tech behind it has barely advanced in that time and hundreds of competitors have arisen.
"Digital gold", "crypto reserve currency" is an absolute dogshit argument if it can't be transferred and can't survive attacks like this.
BTC is flawed and wouldn't have had any problems if it wasn't.
Just natural selection my friend
Selection yes.
Natural, no.
Well, that's why crypto is dead.
BCH is prone for even older bugs, and you only need 8x more cash to burn to clog it the same way BTC was killed.But maybe you're right, if crypto could be killed this easily, maybe it's better that it happened sooner than later.
You act like nobody seen this coming and there isn’t any Ltc pairs or doge pairs quit being pussies cause you sold your bitcoin cash airdrop
>tfw didn't earn enough capital in time to have enough for the stock marketcrypto was my one chance of escaping neetdom, and now it's probably finished thanks to greedy fucking BCC cucks throwing EVERYTHING away for a fucking P+D
Crypto won't die.
Proof of Work will.
Not natural.
Also BCH is literally just an older, buggy version of BTC with one variable changed and barely modified wallets that are communicating in chunks instead of being in sync.
It's a terrible choice for a new king of crypto, even shit like Bitbean would make more sense.
thats why im all in monero right now and will only be trading usdt pairs in the future, fuck this bitcoin bullshit
satoshi's vision was transitioning the peer to peer currency of the people into a veblen good
>Salty corecucksThis is how we know the flippening is upon us.By the way, there are 0 issues if BCH replaces BTC.
It will be just marketed as the "New and improved bitcoin""Like a big update for bitcoin"
Proof of Work will.I fucking hope so
>be me>bitcoin hitting headlines>sign up for coinbase, I guess>put savings in BTC at $7400 days for payment to clear>seems_legit.jpgwat do?
should I close my bank account before it withdraws?
Denial:https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/I almost feel bad for them
Not at all.
Tell that to all the developers, sellers and investors who put money in BTC and soon will find out they have nothing.BCH was a literal shitcoin for the last few months, now it's huge due to price manipulation, but I don't see how that's sustainable.
If it's going to be the new standard, we're running on stolen technology brought to us by thugs and huge money makers.
Surely everyone will want to have fun playing with Chinese multi millionaires.
I would call your bank and just put a "stop payment" on it.
No harm, no foul.
What if normies are that dumb.
And they flock to the new system that guarantees them no trust.
Wow it actually seems real
If they get to the issue of 8x.... can they not just change it to 16x?
Ironically if BCH topples BTC then BCH will have sealed its own faith.
Why not replace BCH with a coin with even better qualities like Litecoin or XYZ.
Altcoins are already lined up waiting for the BTC OG's to drop their money on them.
It will be glorious.BTC had a good run but BTC fags got waaaaay to comfy on that throne.
its funny cash has such support when its role as an exchange coin is done better by eth and ltc
The throne is essential at the moment otherwise most of us will be dead in the water
(((they))) dont want normies buying bitcoin.
them crashing the market is a good thing you brainlet.
this is like a second chance at 10000x gains and all you faggots are scared.
just follow the market.
bch is like a tidal wave and all you btcucks are just holding onto your "pillar" waiting to get washed away.
ye and the entire eco system bitcoin has built up over it's entire lifespan is just going to be okay that all of the money they've been accepting as payment since the coin split has blown up in smoke.
like this ravels the foundations on which the currency is operating.
but its ok bitcoin is basically a system for chinese multimillionaires to game foreign investors and a complicit group of 4chan/reddit incels who are steering their wheels via memes.
if we kept going how we were going, we could have memed bitcoin into world domination and all became essentially slaveowners off our $50 investment.
you could've cum inside all of your the 6/10 waifu's who've friend zoned you but you let Big China control the game and now they're just gonna scam you again and again.
this is only the beginning
The value will just be spread out over BCH and other Altcoins.
As long as no money is taken out of the system the market cap still stays in the Cryptosphere.
No matter whether BTC sits on the throne or notThis is demonstrated by the fact that global market cap is only fluctuated slightly down from 207 to 202 billion.
Literally, nothing compared to past swings.
https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/
Btw: I would buy Altcoins after BCH and BTC stabilize because the market is pricing them wrongly compared to BCH.
It's only BTC going down vs. BCH and ALts should be unchanged.
But crypto markets are not that efficient.
Anyone buying into BTC in the last year should have known there was major infighting before dropping money.
If you lost money because you dont have BCH it's your own damn fault.
No sympathy for those who blindly invest.
understand that a properly developed and functioning bitcoin (bch) makes most alts obsolete and not the other way around.
Alts that don't have a niche won't recover.
You can stop the payment this way.
I've done it.
I moved all the money out of my source account to one cent less than my coinbase buy so it would reject it for insufficient funds.
Bought btc at 7300.
Yes.
Cucks will tell you that no one will mine 16mb mempools, but most of them don't mine in the first place so have no idea what is or isn't feasible.If it's profitable, there will be people to mine it.
understand that a properly developed and functioning bitcoin (bch) makes most alts obsolete>BCH>proper functioning>implying it's not just kicking the can down the road.
that dude got shot and died, my friend.
normies get JUST'd and lose everything in BTC because a chinese scamcoin got made from thin air >think the same normies are going to want to buy (or trust) something with "bitcoin" in its name ever again Enjoy those bcc FOMO gains.
They're going to be the last you'll ever get in crypto