>invest literally hundreds hours of research, analyzing, discussion in the last weeks in front of your computer>never buy high, never sell low, never buy into pumps, never FOMO, never be emotional about your investments>try to get good entry points on good altcoins you did proper research on and try to time the market for impending breakouts>be +/-0$ after weeks of work because of all the retarded endlessly ongoing hardfork cuckery and wild swingsTurns out just buying and holding BTC and BCC a few weeks back ago was just the right thing to do.
Fucking kill myself.
Just can't beat the market without insider information if you're not willing to wait 6-12 months.
Listen to this buddy, never kill yourself, kill "them".https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbz8Mp7LwlQ
Same here dude.
I'm ~0% gains.
Wanted to trade alt / icos but it seems really important to see the big picture here : bitcoin rise almost alone because new investors -> btc crash because lack of confidence (and after a huge run up).
Now hopefully btc rise with altcoin and it's altcoin time.
Been waiting litteraly a month for this.
lol, i feel you OP, just swing trade the hyped coins now for a few percents daily
You were supposed to do your research, invest in the chosen product, then fuck off to do something else (like learning a skill to become employable in a field with a future) and stick to that plan no matter what.
Preferably checking bitrex no more often than once per month.It's your own damn fault and wasted time.
kind of in the same boat, few months in this shit and I'm barely up, about ~10% from where I started, which obviously isn't bad for a few months (compared to conventional investments) but still, looking at all the moon missions or shit like the BCH crap over the last couple days makes me feel so much regret for not being more of a gambler.
Double-edged sword I guess, could just as easily lead to ruin.
>if you're not willing to wait 6-12 months.The absolute state of crypto "investors".If you bought into fundamentals and had some diversity, and sell at profit, you are very likely to make money in the long run.