WHY IS LINK DOWN 15% SINCE A FEW HOURS AGO????
RENT
Everything pump and retraced a bit just look at OMG and SALT.
LINK is still one of the top gainers for today.
Just hold faggot now that the fork is over.
FREE
bad meme karma.
go back to memes about oracles and sergey with the long hair, this free rent shit brought a curse on LINK.
STOP being a faggot, the product isn’t even out.
Just wait.
Tbf link wasn't doing that hot eve before this meme started
Actually it more than doubled in price.
The smug link zelda memes with the rent shit didn't start popping up until the SIBOS conference, which was when it started stagnating and tanking.
chill it's over 20% up today
Fuck you I didn't buy in until this morning when all you assholes said it was the prime buy-in time
So you FOMO'd and you are already down 30%?
Hope you learned a lesson there.
I was promised 50 cents.
There were so many positive Link threads that I thought it was legit.What the fuck, now I'm a bagholder
>bought at 9k>panic sold at 1.8k cause Bitcoin looked unstoppable and I unironically thought it was going to 0>fomo buy back in today at 3.9k cause it looked like it was going to retest the ATHWHAT THE FUCK DO I DO NOW?SHOULD I SELL?
Me too, this kid is a fucking pussy.
Literally no one he can blame but himself.
Its mentalities like this that will never make it.
His only hope is to acquire as much LINK as he can and just hold onto it.
This task is simple enough, but still watch as he fucks it up.
I guarantee he will still be pink wojacking here 2 years from now when we are all driving lambos and fucking expensive hookers.
just buy and hold LINK bro>somehow fucks it up
I'm down 13%.>tfw now a deluded linkie bag holder
As long as I can get my money back I'll be fine.
When do you think it'll go up more?
I realy want out.
Just keep holding your bags.You will get huge muscle facts, then can pp touch hard.
Get out of crypto.
You ain't gonna make it.
i dont know what a correction is
someone post the link bag meme with the korean girl holding it, i'll give you 0.05 eth
bought at 9k>sold at 1.8k>bought back in at 3.9kHonestly how stupid can you be.
Holy shit that is hilarious.
Why don't you just burn your money dumbass, at least you won't have to pay for heating.
CRASHING AND BURNING!!!!
AGAIN!!!!
!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING TO ME
you link retards are the funniest beings on earth
Buy high, sell low
bought at 9k>bought at 1.8k>bought at 3.9k>hodlthis is what you should have been doing anon