Can I have a bitcoin?
I want to buy a new GPU
>can i have $8000 for freeNo
How do I get one?
A 1080 costs 600 dollars
$8000Nigga, I spend this much on condoms at least every day.
Step up your game if you want to succeed in the crypto game.
Seriously 0.09697141 btc can buy me a 1080ti.
How do I get that?
First you invest in some kneepads
how many sharpies can you fit in your pooper (with timestamp)
Seriously.
How do you make money using cryptocurrency?
it takes capital to make capital.
Invest whatever you can.
Don't buy cigarettes, spend that 10 bucks on bitcoin.
It'll appreciate it and so will your lungs.
what kind of gpu do you have now?
post your address
scam sites on the deep web :^)
Wait for the next generation of Nvidia.
Should be January-February.
If I put 400 in (all I have) will it double without me doing anything?
I'm not telling you my address I need one now
I doubled my money on crypto already, needless to say you're going have a rough time on your first month usually.
How long does it take to see money increase?
That depends on how much of a good trader you are, I turned my $1400 to $4300 in the last 3 weeks.
It takes pretty exeptional skill I'd say to do that.
You'll see people gloating about their gains, but you need to understand the sheer amount of people here that are losing their money because they're just not good enough.
That depends entirely on you.
4446422I'll just ask my parents for money, crypto sounds to hectic
Alright, just wanted to say I'm 18 right now at started crypto the moment I hit that age.
If I can can do it you can, if you start trading you'll gain expereience and learn, most people on this board doesn't learn from their mistakes and always moaning and excuses.
If you believe in yourself then start trading, anyone of any age can trade well and good.
What do you mean by "trade"?
Buying and selling altcoins and bitcoins, trading cryptocurrencies.
So if I buy 400 usd worth of bitcoin and trade it I earn money?
Are you actually retarded anon?
Be honest
I'm a brainlet when it comes to this.
My OP pic is literally me
Bitcoin = Water bottleFanta = altcoin 1Pepsei = altcoin 2If I use my 400 dollar to buy all the water bottles I can and these water bottles cost $1 each then I have 400 water bottles.
Now I want to make more water bottles so I go buy Fanta at the cost of $0.50 each with my water bottles, Water bottles = 2 fanta each.
Now the price of Fanta goes up by 10% so it is now $0.55 each and I sell it back to water bottles which is still $1 for profit.
This is how you trade in crypto.
That's too complex.
Will just buy 1070 and upgrade when I get birthday money
I bet some mate of yours just told you about bitcoins and how much he is earning with it so you just came here.Though I'm making bank on this being a NEET and playing games all day
I'm already a neet, I would like being a self sufficient neet rather than leeching off my parents but a brainlets life is a hard one
you should fuck off you complete moron