Salt will be more than $10 in less than a month when the product launches.
Why are you fucking around with bitcoin, it won't be 14k in a month.
Guaranteed gains vs gambling
Ripio will blow this out of the water.
Yet everyone is sleeping on it.
Do the needful you pajeets
tfw I created that original distorted wojak on the bottom frame, and I have also invested in SaltThis is a good sign
Salt destiny
Ripio looks cool.
It's a loan you take out based on credit risk.
Salt is just a collateralized loan based on your crypto assets.
Just?
You realize you can avoid paying capital gains with Saltlending right?
did you guys watch the video on the home page of RCN?
And did you know they already have a huge network to introduce this to?
This is like OMG-Omise level advantage.
Great use case, needs the coin.
Its like their own peer to peer ripple network with millions of users.
I'm in love.
Don't know shit about SALT, but I know its been out longer so the choice if you have to make one is RCN
SALT releases first so you buy SALT then reinvest SALT gains to RCN, you fucking idiot.
Can you explain to me how you avoid capital gains with salt lending?
sure you can buddy
loans dont get CGT, it's a loophole people have been using forever
I am new to this so bear with me.So your'e saying If I own $10k of Bitcoin and I put that up as collateral to take a $10k loan - any assets I acquire from that loan are no longer subject to CGT?
It will be $25 q1 2018
correct, thats why the price will hit $20+
I bought 10 SALT at $2.20 and that has already turned from $22 into $40I kinda wish I bought more, but coins shilled by /biz/ usually turn out to be shit, so I don't buy that much
You can only get 80% of your crypto as a loan value, if your crypto holds steady and you let them sell your crypto to pay off your loan they would probably charge 5% for selling your assets.
Then you have <= 10% interest on the loan.You would pay a maximum of 95% of your crypto to get 80% of your crypto CGT free instantly.
If your coin increases in value though you can use that to pay off the loan, you can also use salt tokens to pay off the interest (and possibly the principal).So if your crypto increases > 15% over your term you have avoided CGT and made bank still while 'cashing out', it could be lower if you get salt tokens at < $25 (their 'retail' value).
Gct applies whenever a cgt event occurs.
If you for example took a 100k loan to buy a housr and then sold it for 200k tomorrow your have a capital gain of 100k and would be paying tax on thst money regardless where you loaned the money from.