Hey Biz, daytrader here.
I make a lot of profit, unlike picture related.Come join my telegram if you want to make money, too.
For free.
Have already made good calls.
Basically just get the fuck in and do what I tell you to do and you'll be richer than beforet.me/TheArtOfTrading
What's your telegram?
It says right theret.me/TheArtOfTrading
No, post on your twitter faggot
you're making a huge mistakeenjoy the free gains
Yeah, I'm definitely listening to some faggot who posts on /biz/ about their pump and dump group with zero proof.
No PnD, legit trading.
No one will dump on you.
I just want to help biz out.Don't be a faggot and do the right thing once in your life
OP is ;Dong Picolo
link to your telegram?
t.me/TheArtOfTrading
OP whats the link for telegram??
Or you could tell us what your in right now and we could discuss it right here?
What's wrong with that?
i'm just here because I'm curiousI'll watch if what you say makes money and then I'll jump aboard
That's good.
Don't just jump in.
Observe first.The things I've posted made money already however.
post your portfolio and put your money where your mouth is fucktard.
God gave you free will so if you want to stay poor you're more than welcome to.
Do you have a link to the telegram?
Sure thing!t.me/TheArtOfTrading
this is that fucking frog of memestreet faggot for sure.
go fuck yourself.
Implying you're actually successful
fuck off Pajeet
>Basically just get the fuck in and do what I tell you to do and you'll be richer than beforeSound legit.
4370963kb imageWhy is the image always under 50kb?
Hmm, I'm not sure about the sound of this.
But if you can paste the link to your telegram I might check it out though.
Is it too much work to click on a link to figure out that the signals I gave were already successfulYour choice if you don't like money, everyone else is going to make bank
Thanks OP, just joined.
DON'T DO IT ANONS, OP IS GOING TO RAPE YOU
I'm going to lurk for a bit and see how legit it is, looks like TA calls for now
looks like TA calls for nowMight as well have a shaman open a telegram
Except I can actually make it rain
Billy witch doctor.com most comfortable with chicken
u r sofa king we todd ed
Promise?
Joining right now...