Don't let the FUD get to you fellow linkies.
When all FUD about chainlink effectively boils down to toilets and CEO is fat memes because they can't find anything bad about the project, you know that it's time to accumulate more.
I won't really say more, just link you balances of the top 50 wealthiest LINK holders, you can check for yourself that 90% of them are either holding or accumulating more.
Do not sell your golden ticket to the lamboland, you won't get another chance like this for a long time.https://etherscan.io/token/0x514910771af9ca656af840dff83e8264ecf986ca#balances
True
picked one at random and looks like you're right
Of course I'm right, at it's not only top 50, it's the top 100 too that are doing this.
Yeah, figured this a few days ago and put 25% of my portfolio in LINK.
Rest is in BTC, XMR and NEO.
Jesus I hope he has a hardware wallet.
I wouldn't be able to sleep at night knowing I have this much money in imaginary internet coins and they could be stolen any second
Smart Contracts are the Future and chainlink is the middleware that makes them possible.Can you even imagine the kind of money that will go into this system?Shit is mindblowing
Just google examples for smart contracts and you see that there is many industries that profit from using a smart contract.
>“but how muh LINK token having value?
?“Because every node operator gets paid in LINK for selling their dataThe more accurate = more profitsthis will literally bring a new age of automation and its plug and play with the old system.
I only have 1k link.
I would put more in but I've only been messing with crypto for like two months, don't want to dump all of my cash in, especially not while I'm deep in the red with the little I put in.As long as link reaches btc levels I'll reach lamboland too.. that's gonna happen right.. right?
The amount of LINK you hold now only determines how long it takes until you make it.Chainlink is the future no doubt, smart contracts are inevitable now that the oracle problem has been solved (decentralized tamperproof nodes).Its just a matter of time bro
Ehhh 7k$ per chainlink?
Don't be deluded and confirm the meme.The max we'll see in 2-3 years time is double digits I think.10 years from now... who knows if blockchain will still be viable after supercomputes are in every city
How about the scalability problem?
Increasing amounts of transactions, ie SWIFT, no possibility to scale, flush it down.
Oracle problem is real and CL has a promising product.
Somebody will deliver, let's see if it's this team or some other.
Not investing and you might miss a chance of a life time.
So I say invest and prepare to lose it.
It has taken me literally over a month of relatively in depth research to fully understand the capabilities of what LINK is hoping to achieve.
I've spent way more time than I would ever admit researching this to relieve any doubts that I had about the value of the token itself, difficulty of running nodes, chainlinks real use cases, whether companies would actually benefit from using it etc.
I've got to say it has been well worth the time I have put in on this because it seems revolutionary and it's always good to learn new things about the future of technology anyways.
200k LINK holder now.
Do you guys see this going higher than NEO this 2018 to 2019?
I feel pretty bad right now.
Debating on dropping 50 freedom bucks into LINK.
Could make up for my shitty zrx trade.
Scalability?
As far as the nodes they are all 3rd parties so there is no issue there, and transacting the token itself wont be an issue either.
I dont understand your concern.
he means market cap, i assume.
I think we can hit triple digits in the long run.
I'm talking a few years+.
Once crypto becomes the stock market 2.0, even the sub 10k linklets will have a chance.
If you are talking about the speed of transactions on the Ehtereum network itself look at it this way.
The way SWIFT does its transactions now takes a long time and costs them more money because international transactions need to go through a lot of different companies before the money actually ends up in the receiving account.
The token transfer on the Ethereum network only needs to show up as processing (which is basically instantaneous) for the transaction to occur, not necessarily for it to be confirmed.
And furthermore, Ethereum is still very much in its infancy and is still being improved upon.
Non issue.
Stop playing with lunch money.
Put at the very least $200 in a coin.
But this is only for transfering the actual token to pay node operators for the oracle they provide.
The actual money will go through a blockchain of SWIFT's choosing.
Probably hyperledger but possibly something else entirely.
Yeah this is what I was thinking.
Thank you for your solid insight!
Also I believe the node data is mostly dealt off-chain thus making the contracts lighter.