How the fuck can you hold NEO when you know the hype and rumours has gotten out of hand?you KNOW it will dump after news break
yes 5 million usd buy orders becuase muh rumors
that is exactly whyare u retarded?
Are you stupid or what?
NEO has never announced any news so far; and when they do release it this time it's going to be BIG.
It's going to be EEA big and NEO will be launched out of this galaxy while half of /biz/ is standing there gambling and losing money and shitcoins.ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID YOU DUMB FAGGOT?
NEO HAS NEVER ANNOUNCED NEWS BEFORE, AND WHEN THEY RELEASE IT THIS TIME ITS GOING TO BE BIG LIKE WHEN ETH ANNOUNCED EEA YOU
how delusional are youdumping right now lmao
NEOs getting JUST'd hard now bagholder
Screent shot or fake and gay
So your fudding NEO but still checking the graphs like a junky?hmmmm
I sold at 610k i'm just laughing at you bagholdersit gives me great pleasure
Serious question to you guys, why is NEO going down?Whales shaking out weakhanders or did just people decide that the news won't be anything special?is it about that nex exchange?
is there still chance for some government endorsement?
where is it going down?
Is been going sideways for 3 months retard
It wad a pump and dump retard neo is trash
bought in at 29 dollars, still comfy
buy nuls DYOR
it was like $48 yesterday that's why I'm asking retardI'm just asking you stupid fuck
Because NULS is booming and they are moving profits into that because it's the better platform, with significantly more room to grow.
Obviously.
fuck off shillit's correcting from the yesterdays pre-news pumplong-term it is steadily going up
shit I replied to myself was meant for 
Why am I still holding?
Because I'm not a stupid poor faggot that gets his financial advice from 4chan.
First, I shorted it twice and an still sitting on a profit.
Second and most important - it'll pump again before news.
That's when you set a stop-limit so you can gamble on the news without worrying about loosing profits.Stay poor forever, OP cuck
Bought at 453 and sold at 550.
Dunno if I should feel good or bad, I could have sold at 610, but I literally fell asleep on the computer during the pump.