Fuck this shitcoin
Never got so hard REQt in crypto.
This is really one of the worst shitcoins out there.
And don't come up with the hodl meme.
This keeps bleeding every day and soon has to go x2 alone for ico price again
screencapping to remind you cucks when you it hits 1$ THIS YEAR
HAHA.
THIS YEAR.
Deluded pajeet
I'm a bagholder....... AGAIN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH DGB feels all over again
fuck all shitcoins.
they're all shitcoins.
crypto is dead
found the comfydo poster
high supply coins seem to fail now.Theres just too many coins on the market and not enough money to move these coins.
Yeah right, this is a fcking high supply coin.
This can never go to 1$ and it's only a WP project.
I think you need some math lessons.
high supply fails?
Ripple, IOTA, NEM.
All of those are top 10 coins.
Are you fucking retarded?
I'm gonna buy this soon and hold til roughly Q2 2018, am i dumb?
yip you're massively retarded.
don't buy this shit
>extreme aggression
it's seen much worse.
just pray it doesn't go back down there again.
Nope.
Buy and hold.
Launches coming up in December already.
You can buy in Q1 too, don't waste your time now.
This shitcoin doesn't move anyway (except down)
REQtum damn near killed em
not at all.
after the Confido exit scam you can really appreciate a team that is DEDICATED and gives constant updates that are meaningful.
They are ahead of their roadmap and do not shill their own project.
What I'm trying to say is that REQ has substance and is looking to be a player in the crypto space in the long term.... not like all the other scam ICOs that WILL flame out in due time.Only put what you are comfy with and just hold REQ.
Im hodling...they have product coming to testnet this month.
This coin is still speculative but a lot of upside.
absolutely righta lot of scams get promoted on biz.
REQ, MOD, VEN, and a few others are actually sound investments.
just sit tight and be rich by next year.
lol bye.
we don't need you pajeet.
Req has a fucking huge Potential unlike many other altcoinsThinking of buying it because i want to be in lamboland next year
this is honestly a buy signal for lucky ones.people dropping bags at -30% after a month because they are impatient is what is making the ones that do have patience rich.Also anyone holding req, join the req share holders club : https://discord.gg/c6F4mJ
>WAH WAH I WANT MY LAMBO NOW MOMMY!>HODLING IS A MEME I'M GONNA MISS OTHER MOONS!
WAH WAHhave some fucking patience m8
bitcoin will double in a year, this will 700% in a year.
Probably will stay where it's at for another 2 months though.
bitcoin will double in a year, this will 700% in a yearbitcoin is more likely to 700% than req is
I bought a day ago so I've only made tiny bits of money off of the bags yall sold.
in one year?
get out of here
you guys should really check out ethbet instead sold all of this for that just a bit ago, hyped for it
You lost your damn mind.
True that.
Everything else is deluded af.
I am invested into REQ too, but face the reality, they have nothing right now.
People have literally 0 patience.
Look what happened to Confido after going 20X.
It just as fast went to ZERO.
The reason people keep dumping REQ at a loss is because they are incredibly impatient.
I made mountains of cash via ETH and that didn't happen overnight- it took nearly 2 years.
If you find quality you should be comfortable to HODL.
Other shitcoins with a quickflip agenda don't need to be HODL'd but instead sold at a quick profit.
REQ is not a quick flip.
Confido went to 0 cause its an exit scam m8
Has it even been out for a month yet?
those all came out long before REQ.REQ joined the market after hundreds of other shitcoins.
it has literally been out for 1 month exactly
no shit partner.
I'm just saying these HIGHLY volatile shit coins are all PnD scams.
There are a few gems hidden out there of course.
Quality are: MOD, HST, POWR (can't really be called a shitcoin anymore).
im saying high supply coins are less volatile.
Right.Tripled my gains in 3 weeks.But ok peasant.
>You forgot about YCombinator.
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
It also went 20x because it was a scam.
The “team” never spent three sentences on viable a product but how rich investors would be.
I know its a meme, but really if anything I think that them being able to pass the ycombinator vetting means more than anything else.
REQ is genuinely a comfy hold.
granted, you shouldn't have more than 5% of your portfolio in this (or any other shitcoin for that matter).a year from now, it'll either be worth nothing or $0.5+.treat it like any other shitcoin, and don't over-expose yourself to the risk.
maintain a high balance of BTC/ETH, and then gamble with things like REQ/LINK/OMG etc
Yeah i like that.Either 0 or 1, right now it looks like 0, but in the crypto space everything can change instantly.
that's pretty much every shitcoin right now desu.
the difference is that REQ is pretty much at its lowest point.overall I would def not recommend putting more than 10% MAX of your portfolio into REQ.
I feel bad for ICO buyers who got shit on massively, but overall I think they will see a pretty decent ROI in the next 2-3 months.