How in the hell is there not a single comfy /Ark/ thread?How much are you holding?
Are you ready for $6 by january?
DELET
u mean 10$ by january and 100$ by eoy 2018
T H E
4509466As a holder of plenty of ARK, I just don't see why ARK would go to even $4 by February.
Someone is going to have to spoonfeed me here.... every time i post this in an ARK thread people just ignore me, which leads me to believe you are just being idiots.
I HAVE 1000 ARK IS THAT GUNNA BE ENOUGH TO FUCK IN THE FUTURE?
its just memes nobody can watch into the future but ark isnt a shitcoin
ARK is pretty useless, their wallet is cool, the mobile wallet will bump over $4+ but I don't see it being a mainstream token, you're better off putting your money into ETH, XMR, BTC and you'd see comfy gains over time.
Why the fuck would you hold something if you don't believe it would at least increase by 30% in 3 months, that's like a fucking eternity in crypto lmaoQuit the larp nobody is that stupid.
I can honestly see the next pump peaking at $10 dollar and it will definitely happen before 2018.. mobile wallet and business entity currently at 98% on the roadmap for god sake and it's been accumulating for ages just look at how tight the graph is right now
CONFERENCE
What's the rationale behind all of these fags saying it will reach $40-$50 next year?
Delusion
look at the fucking roadmap, 10$ is even possible in the next weeks
It's been stagnanting at $3 while the bitcoin you used to buy ark has been going up and up.
Maybe that's why there isn't a thread, because it's not so comphy
When is the wallet dropping though?
I see its in the final stages of testing but I haven't been able to find a date.
The team doesn't give dates because it causes pump and dumps.
I put away 100 ARKs in the off chance they are right.
If they're wrong I'll lose a few hundred bucks, if they're right I'll at least get my money back plus some profits.
I know ARK has a better chance than Link but if I had just kept all my money in XMR instead of listening to these morons I would have a lot more money, so I guess that also makes me a Deluded Arky (Just with only less than 1% of my portfolio in it)
It still feels like the wallet's priced in.
It very well may be
The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
I'm twitching my asshole right now thinking about my gains.
3325 Arklet here.
I'm plenty comfy holding this coin and am making about .83 Ark/day staking.
I just have a gut feeling about Ark.
WHEN WILL THIS SHIT NUGGET MOON?
What does it.mean when something is "priced in?"
People keep.saying that and I don't understand.
Like the price is.what it is already considering the wallet and it won't go higher because of it?
BRAINLET
ArkVM is expected to be done around Q1 2018.
This will allow smart contracts on Ark's blockchain.
It'll directly compete with ethereum, but their tech is much better (i.e.
more languages, easier use etc.
), also much quicker transaction times.
I knew ark was about to start moving.. looked at my portfolio and every alt was like 10% in the green and my ark still hadn't moved yet.
Some people believe the current price already reflects the speculation behind the mobile wallet.
Therefore, we say the mobile wallet has been "priced in."
When is this nugget of CERTIFIED SHIT going to moon REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELisk moons because of anticipation of a sdk release when Ark already has a sdk far more advanced and with far more language support REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Maybe if you stopped ironically fudding the coin you own that might help This board is 60% new money now
ark started to get called in some select premium groupswouldn't be surprising if it rose to 60k sats in a few weeks
Who here is more deluded than me?I have 14,000.
I genuinely believe in the project and think it will hit $100+ by next December.
k yearly from staking the dream
Pls anon can you send 1 ARK?
I'm poor ;_;ARdBwRdBjL3KCdwDpH31oU5qmoANfQsi65
Beging like a pajeet never made anyone not poor
Is 289 ark enough to be allowed in when we explore space?
Yes.
100$ by eoy 2018
WHERE MY ARK BOYS AT
k will get you business class and a smartbridge to the martian bath house
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ARK mobile wallet + business entity out this friday.
BE PREPARED
fridayplease, please let this be true
4514457100 ARK reporting in from the tail fin
20k+ reporting.
The wishy washy ~$3 price is such a snooze.
I just set alerts for sub $2 and over $4 and try not to even check the price otherwise.
we're too comfy to start a thread, nigga
I got 6k ark, I really hope it's enough.
The average vote of biz delegate declines every few months; Interesting.
+ should i sell 60 neo for ark?
Currently at 710 ark
This board is 60% new money nowI would guess closer to 80%
Dude Double dubs of truth, you niggers cried enough that I bought a bunch of ethereum at $10
So little happening lately, this coin is literally stuck in second gear.
Not me I've been here for like three weeks.
You don't think that smartbridge being able to interact with other blockchains (and therefore their use case) is useless?
It could very well become the user facing layer through which all other blockchain tech is used.
If you can't understand the value in that, better get back to trading pokemon cards.
>*Ark-tistic screaming *
The consensus(near as I can tell) seems to be 2000-2500 Ark.
Unless the wallet would actively cause ark to fall in satoshis, I highly doubt it's priced in
what's up homies...we've been consolidating so hard at 37k the last few days....my body is ready for 50k sats and 4 dolla territory
yeah but eth is on coinbase and a bunch of exchangesark isn't
I’m not worthy.I ditched my last 1000 ARK for POWR at .58
POWR is this week's pump and dump flavor.
When the flood comes, only Ark can save you, anon.
Repent and buy back.