Hello /biz/ Thought I would let you all know about B3 - just incase you are looking for another coin as right now the market is boring & uncertain before the holidays :)1.
Join the community so you can find the answers you for your questions- https://discord.gg/heXU4H 2.
PoS coins have masternodes - masternodes are future generation mining rigs - you can still earn daily blockrewards just like a mining rig, without actually running an actual rig....3.
Tradittional PoS coins require master node operators to buy a certain amount of coins and lock them up until they are running as masternodes... if you get bored or wanna cash out, you simply pull out and you can sell your coins - this creates many HODLers as people are encouraged to hold as they'll get passive income4.
B3 IS changing the status quo - how?
- it's simple!
In order to run a masternode, you will have to burn the coins required... this creates hodlers, however, it removes coins from the total supply and you end up with a masternode making you passive gainz in the future.
5.
In the long run, this process will have a major effect on the supply, therefor we will see the total supply decrease and the price / coin increase
6.
The developers created Bitcore & Bitsend - 2 coins already attached to their name, they decided to create the best, using their expertise - hence the name B3 (or also Be Free if you take advantage of the low price)Price is currently under 10 satoshis due to hyperinflation caused by 27.5% daily compound gainz from staking - yes, this is done on purpose and has already made many rich as they sold to take profits and kept the rest staking... now many people have millions and millions of B3 coins - enough for masternodes as well as to sell on a later date7.
They are on track with the roadmap and they are implementing masternodes via a fork as we speak (which is why CMC seems lost with market cap valuation & cryptopia paused trading)8.
First ever PoS coin with segwit getting enabled first half of 2018 9.
Buy low, sell high - check previous prices of the coin - if you understand basic economics, you will have a head start10.
??
?