Lets call when link breaks below 1000sats, I'm saying 2 weeks time, then a slow bleed till this shitcoin is literally going to zero.
Team are doing everything they can to tank the price.
RIP
Link cucks will never get out of the rat race
Finally got out after i literally lost like 65%.Good i made some swing trades.Now im in POWR just half a day and already made 30% profits.Fuck this fucking scamcoin
Exactly, dump and buy back in 6months at a lower price then it is now
the graph is the result when biz gets onto a coin and shills it forever the graph is now forever fucked and will turn away confidence in future buyers
the pump n dumps over
I honestly dont care for BTC price as I feel we're in a bubbleTech is shit and gets constant attacksWhen this goes on an innevitable bear season link will keep its floor at 0.15usd, be it worth whatever it's worth in sats termWhen ETH came out BTC was at 300USDYou had thousands of ETG per BTC, even id the end goal was to own BTC, a smaet investment will always make more profit.And if I loose it all IDGAF because I dont depend on crypto to make a living.
I'd rather invest on tech than chase PnDI got in at 0.15usd because I didnt fall cor the initial FOMO
I don't know.
I've been a big Link shill and own almost 100k LINK, but slowly I begin to think about selling.
Not because of toilet memes or FUD, there is literally not a single piece of valid, argumentative FUD in existence about the project.
However, from a rational point of view as an investors the opportunity costs are getting humongous and bigger by the day.
Reading through r/Linktrader was quite depressing, because many things are true there.
Yes, the project is great and destined for big things.
But they may as well take 3 years to commence.
I can't really be arsed to hold this literally for MONTHS anymore while the team is busy sabotaging every effort the project tries to make.
Those fucking dimwits just spit into the faces of their former investors that funded the project with 32$m to make this even happen.
This retarded, pseudo-secretiveness, total non-communication/no updates/news is just a way of saying "We don't give a rats ass about you fuckers.".
And that is why the price will continue to decline since they show absolutely no intention of changing that.Who really knows what the bottom will be?
Could as well be another 6 months of bleeding and losing another 75%.
Then you need +300% alone to recover THOSE losses to get at current levels.
No decision yet, but if the "team" doesn't change their style, there is literally no reason to invest in this for the next 6 months.
I just hope there will be some sort of minipump to cut bags lose without too much loss.
the team is busy sabotaging every effort the project tries to makeWhat the actual fuck are you talking about.
It is called metaphoric and abstract thinking.
You should look it up, my underaged anon.
It is a lack of education you have there.
The cost of having capital tied up in a coin that won't do shit but go down for a year are tragic.
No decision yet, but if the "team" doesn't change their style, there is literally no reason to invest in this for the next 6 months.
I just hope there will be some sort of minipump to cut bags lose without too much loss.I was in the same boat and decided to cut my losses.
I'm not even interested in chasing other pumps - I'm just going to hold ETH while LINK continues to decrease in price for the next few months, and gradually buy back my stack.At any point in the last month or so we could have dumped our stacks and bought back in at a profit.
I can't see that changing in less than a few months...
I'm just disappointed I waited so long.
Ah well, hindsight is 20/20.