Buy a shitcoin once BEFORE it has the initial moonThe one and only shill you'll get for this coin
Already have my bags filled.
Planning to be a millionaire of this
Yeah I like this coin.
Once it hits an exchange as big as binance it will be top 15 marketcap at least.
this is like a gdt $1 coin for the very least.
okay, another shill: the amount coinmarketcap shows is wrong, the other coins have been burned.
see you on the moon
Cool tech, but ...No fees/rewards?
How?
Poorfags running welfare nodes so normies can "muh fast micropayments"?What's the plan?
Ads with captcha for normies?Then if mining just to trade on exchanges, why not mine rare pepes instead?Or will this moon just because moon?
Yeah it's about 133 mill supply.
There's a new exchange listing planned for December I really hope it's bittrex
It only costs about 3$ a month to run a node.
They have a new white paper ready to launch in the next couple of days.
The devs are very active in the discord and will usually answer whatever question you have.
$3 in electricity costs
no fees, right.
you make a transaction, your cpu has to do a little bit of proof of work (1-2 seconds) so you cannot spam the network.
Distribution was ended in October they ran a captcha mine for over a year so they're just focusing on development nowExactly right
Also the transaction usually instant if you're not a heavy user because the pow is done before hand
Awesome tech for banks, but how is this so better than xrp for normies?
(xrp seems fast enough).Seems to me everyone gains except HODLers - not good for /biz/.
(Not fudding here btw.
Just brainlet.)
I like the coin but i dont see it mooning in the near future if it doesnt get added to a big exchange like bittrex or binance.
if IOTA reaches $1, with this supply I think we're heading for $2 EOY.
Dev is a beast by the way, he cut off the faucet early because he wanted the kiddies who were complaining about the difficult captcha (faucet distribution only) to leave lol.
That means the demand is huge because people thought they'll have another couple month to get some coins for free
They have applied to 71 exchanges.
You can buy it now for 13 cent or you can buy it for 30 cent on bittrex, your decision
people like coins where the supply isn't as big as IOTA or xrp.
also, xrp is centralized shit, have fun when they decide to print another 100 million coins just because they can.
xrp is fast, yes, but xrb has 0 second transaction time.I'm out, do your research ( https://raiblocks.net/page/resources.php ) and buy this shit, it's at least a 2-3x if you are conserative
I have some already.
I hope they are my surprice moon.
Xrp network is good for the banks.
Problem is xrp coin isn't necessarily a good investment because 1.
There will be more coins mined at the whim of the dev 2.
It may be fast enough now but the protocol it runs on will not scale as well as raiblocks will 3.
Banks can use xrp network without having to use the xrp coin.
Hope that makes sense
been holding 3k of these since august.
Completely forgot about it.
Fingers crossed!
Here's a link to the discord.
It should work but I'm on mobile so idk.http://chat.raiblocks.net/
Can someone please tell me why people dont use IRC anymore?
Didnt work.
All good.
last bump, see you on the moon guys
Just bought $50 worth.
God speed.
Where I can find an exchange that list it?
Bitgrail or mercatox
47k rais on me - bittrex is following their twitter.
kek
Nice we're going to multimillionaires
Thanks, I will take a look.