Pretty spooky coincidence
I sold at 0.41 on Binance a few days agomeanwhile OP is trying to shill to dump his bags on some retards on /biz/ lmao
I mean it's obvious why right now it's making those moves.
BTC failed to break $8k around that time, which makes people bullish on BCH again.
It's not like 0.1 is a magical area
>whales are accumulating
and also exactly ONE WEEK later
You have to admit that it really looks the same
REALITY CHECK: if you bought bcc at 900 last night you'd be up more than if you'd bought btc
Do you understand that this shit is COMPLETELY manipulated?
they accumulated BEFOREwhen it was worth shitthey sold at the topbecause THEY made the topManipulators have enough coin to make it go up or down at their will
>tfw put all in on bcc at $2200 - 35000 sats>lose $13,000 in one minute>sell at 18000>go all in on powr>recover my losses and make moreif i stayed on bch i'd be fucked
And whats bad about this if they pump it?
I sold at 0.41sure you did
that they will dump it?and you can't know when they do it, and won't have time to sell it either
well, i did.
i also sold at .5but it was hitching rides the entire way up.
only made .07but i sold at the peaks, it wasnt impossible
there
So what?
What do you think is the free market at all?Is there any market where I can use some magic goblin who can predict the future?
Yeah you sure sold the absolute topFuck off
I wonder why there were so many tether threads today...Hey if you want to ride the waves, go ahead.
Just be on the lookout so you don't get dumped hard.
you can go ahead and gamble all your money awaywhat do I care?
i just tagged my photo.
jesus youre sour
So there is really a market with some magic goblin who can predict the future?
How does this work?
What's an even spookier coincidence is that I joined this group this morning and already made like 30% gains off NEO https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp these guys are fucking gods
daily reminder "the legend" is a retard
and .51 was the top fuckhead
what the fuck are you rambling about?
of course it is, most of crypto is manipulated whether its exchanges, bots, backroom mob-like deals.
but if you can recognize a pattern in their game theory then exploit it.
but know that they have thought of that too...the house always wins if you keep playing.
one referral point added to your account.
you will get dumped on 10 seconds later
https://discord.gg/NsUxZn9
I dont know.
You telling me that non-crypto market is absolute not about gambling and 100% predictable
I actually did sell at 0.4 (went from $250 to about $1000) BUT THEN I tried chasing back in thinking at each little dip and rise that it was going to skyrocket again and it never did.
JUST'd myself back down to $450.
I mean I'm still up $200 but it's like FUUUCKK