I don't even take this shit, but lets get real.
With California with the economy larger than Japan, how can I get rich off of this shit when this stuff becomes legalized starting of 2018?Should I just grow it and sell it to shops, or should I open a shop?Should I sell accessory products like snacks and shit?It's a green rush bois!
Smart People and huge businesses are waaaayyyy ahead of you brotha.
I understand this.
You have to start somewhere.
I want to be the guy selling the picks to the miners
California
With California with the economy larger than JapanAww you really think that
Just don't go and Crash the biz by buying all the Picks then reselling them for 5X the price.
'Cause that's what they doing with all the Antminers and it's disgusting.
>Pic related its the guy getting filthy rich.
I was wrong, but it's still huge.I need to jew these fucking cunts out of their money.
I believe you can make a healthy profit from this without being a mega chink jew.
You're way too late to the party.
The amount of red tape you have to get past to be allowed to operate in the field is enormous.
Maybe start a fertilizer or hydroponic supply business and sell to the growers.
Pro tip, all rec weed is fucking trash and no one that runs a commercial operation (read: cashed up potheads) wants to get anywhere near it or sketchy concentrates made out of it.
Boutique weed will always have a market, learn how to grow tip top shelf nugs and you'll always have a reliable client base.
I suggest starting at pure indoor (LIGHT DEP GREENHOUSES ARE NOT INDOOR) and find interesting crosses to run.
I spend probably 30 hours a week combing through new breeder releases, some of us are nuts about pedigrees.
You could just start a seed company too, but your stuff will only sell if you can actually document that it's legit.
What do you mean by Boutique weed?Also, have you tried making hybrids?
Can't you put patents on hybrid seeds?
The people reselling Avalon models are doing x2 the stock price.
After years I still cant understand how people can be so autistic about weed.
Nothing but marketing so people can sell a quarter for the price of an ounce and justify it.
People see different strains like varietals in wine.
People eat that shit up.
Might as well make a profit from it.
Yeah i don't get why.
You smoke it and it always feels the same in the end.
I make hybrids but don't patent anything, you'll just hemorrhage money with all the red tape and it's incredibly difficult to maintain an inbred line for the 6 or so generations that would be necessary for a seed patent.As for boutique weed, it's hard to describe, you know it when you see it.
Most weed looks like shit, most of the boutique cuts you can't grow commercially because they don't produce 4lbs of bulk shit per 1000w light.
There's a huge difference between genotypes and phenotypes that a seasoned person can detect.
I'll personally pay upwards of 1k for a verified clone of something I really like.
how can I get rich off of this shit when this stuff becomes legalized starting of 2018?Offer tax-free weed in the dark net, taxes in California are insane.
Yeah, heads up, buy Monero.
their have already been massive weed farms in california for years.
professional farms, its been medically legal for a while, so you will never be able to compete
seeI think he's onto something.
Growing small scale high grade verified strains might be the way to go.
The license is fucking convoluted as expected.
Can you guys comment on some of this marijuana I've been smoking this past year?WonderbrettGhost GrowGolden State BananaNameless GeneticsAll of these brands have been fire, but you guys said it's not good?
I pay $55 for an eighth in California, which is the highest it goes.
I've tried $35-45 eighths, and I don't even get high + they all leave a shit taste in my mouth.
CBD to THC plants might be the way to go.