If Monero is exactly like BTC except its also private and untraceable, why isn't it a top 3 coin?
Also, are there any backdoors/potential ways to trace a monero transaction?Whats stopping people like me from using it to launder money?
this
no marketing team to shill it.
It has literally made it all this way by actually working.
WHAT A UNIQUE CONCEPT, RIGHT!?lol.
but seriously, I'm guessing all that, what you said, and the tether shit is why its pumping so hard right now.
What is the one thing we love here on 4chan?
What is the one thing people who do illegal shit love?My friends are calling me a dumbass for this but I see XMR giving BTC a run in the next year.
Same...which is weird.
I was heavily into BTC until I saw how it held together through the tether incident.
that and how it gained more than BTC consistently this year, which literally no other coin did.
I’m 33/33/33 in BTC/LTC/Monero... and slowly shifting more to Monero.Also setting aside couple hundreds per paycheck and putting in... it’s the most well put together product right now and no hype behind it... this should be the /biz/ go to coin for the next year...
It's like a top 5>Whats stopping people like me from using it to launder moneyNot much
IRS may look at your funky statements tho
one thing to consider with monero is its blockchain size wich will grow massively in future
Transactions are fucking huge and light clients are way harder.
MyMonero works but you give up all your privacy.
Why isn't Monero a top 3 coin?Simple answer- very few exchanges allow you to directly unload fiat onto it.
Why would that be?
Just a general inertia, but maybe money-laundering concerns.
It may also just be a lack of a marketing team to pitch it to the exchanges.
How massive are we talking about?
x Bitcoins.
The devs are working on tech that should bring it down to aroound 5x.
monero is built on the cryptonote protocol, a completely different codebase from bitcoin.
thus everything from multisig to wallets needs to be written from scratch.
they can't just clone bitcoins repository like most shitcoins do.
also the numbers of devs that can understand and contribute to monero's codebase is even less than those that understand bitcoin's
its top 9 right now