What is even the point of "making it"?
I sincerely thank biz for shiling ETH before and making me profit but why the fuck do i still feel like blowing my brains out?
Im a NEET and i've been fucking hookers on a daily basis the past few months using my crypto gains.
I'm not yet a millionaire but close to it, and ive been spending some of my ETH profits while waiting for SALT, LINK, and REQ holdings to moon.Dont get me wrong, having sex is fun but after i ejaculate, i feel empty, like there is nothing to do anymore.
I'm only in my 20s and i already feel like being an hero.
Do i just need to earn more money until this feeling goes away?
What the fuck, i really have a feeling i will be one of those successful people that suddenly offs themselves out of nowhere surprising everyone why the fuck he would kill himself.
fuck of whiney faggot.
Be glad you got the gains.
Then do something that's actually fulfilling with your money rather than just fucking paid whores.
don't worry anon you were never gonna make it anyway
like what.......... i tried doing hobbies and shit but i even ended up giving my ps4 away because its become so fucking tiresome to play vidya
>>>>>>>>>/R9K/
go help homeless people
Go travel, do something out of your comfort zone, get a sporting addiction, try to taste the best food in the world, ...
then find something?
Passionate programmers can spend hours awake coding the most mundane shit than probably only 5 people will ever use but they love it.
There are people who write 1000 page books that less than a hundred people read yet they love it.
Find what you love to do
Come on join a fightclub and straighten yourself out.
will things get better if i break the 1mm mark once SALT, LINK, and REQ moon?.
wtf is this some kind of male Dysmenorrhea caused by the Bitcon fork drama.
Get out into nature.
Your are probably living in a horrible environment.
Anon, don't be a dumbass and talk to a psychiatrist.
No, you can make 5 billion and you'll still be an unhappy fuck as long as you don't solve your mental issues
Stop having empty sex, anon.
You already identified it as something that depresses you.Write down a list of things you've never done, or just look up a list of hobbies.
Then write down a list of places you've never been but would like to visit.
And finally, read a lot and focus on improving yourself.
i wake up>browse 4chan>research about the current state of my crypto holdings>try to look at new promising investments>go outside and fuck hookers>go home and feel like being an herois wagecucking fun?
would this fix my psyche?
Pay me 1 ETH per day and I'll cure your depression.
instead of fucking hookers give me 100$ see if that makes you feel better helping a poor student
I see all you're doing is asking questions, meaning this was a pointless threadsee u
This.
Post industrialized society is accidentally built to cause depression and hopelessness.
I deeply sympathize with green-anarchism
NEETs come to /biz/ to make money and end NEET life>/biz/NEETs make it and still end up as NEET autist losersreally jogs the noggin desu
i tried creating websites to profit bro, but everytime im halfway done, i suddenly have this really bad feeling and i end up not finishing it.
Go travel your faggot, trust me, just do it.
Pick a country and pack your bags now
if i can show you the poin in living, can i have your eth?
but i'll just end up fucking hookers in the country of my choice.
i go abroad with my parents and i always end up wanting to go to the country's red light district instead of visiting landmarks
Are you a sex addict?There are ways to fix that, anon.
I hate insects seriously.
Even houseflies freak me out when i take a closer look at them.
visting nature and seeing insects would fuck me up.
buy a sub 5k rwd car and get into drifting.
are you going to recommend that i go through a nofap sesh....... i really wish SALT, REQ, LINK would moon already so i can check if its earning more money that would fix this shit.
Sexual energy should not be wasted it is meant to be used for conscious evolution through gnostic sexual alchemy
so i can check if its earning more money that would fix this shit.It won't.
The problem is with you, not the money.
Many other men before you have had this issue after becoming wealthy, but the truth is that you'd be fucked up no matter how much money you had or didn't have.But you can change yourself.
Shift your focus from fast money and cheap sex to something fulfilling.
Nigga you got to eat your vitamins, you're diet is probably processed garbage.
Have you ever tried LSD?Do you get any exercise?
I would unironically be your friend op for like 1% of ur gains.
I am so poor.
Help others make it, like me0x06339Bb6ec6d90C1495c3c18604Cc96dC9573332
i admit my diet is shit but i take vitamin C and fishoil everydayi havent exercised for a while because of lack of motivation.
but i do meditate everyday, i use the app Insight Timer.
whenever i meditate i feel calm like nothing in the world matters which allows me to invest in crypto, but at the same time it also increases my want to be an hero.i cant really explain it but try meditating for a week and there's this calm feeling of nothing in life mattering at all.
Money isn't the ends, it's the means, idiot.
op were those hookers good?throw some stories
430664743067114306782social life, sporting, college, GETTING OUT OF NEET.
Seriously you can do so much in your twenties.
Don't waste it being NEET.
and YES meditation is supposed to be helpful for depression.
i really recommend it to be calm when investing in crypto but dont blame me when you end up wanting to kill yourself because nothing in life matters
What about Vitamin D?Nigga you getting your sunlight?If not you need Vitamin D supplements.
Spend shekels to rehabilitate/treat whatever mental issues you might have atm and then go travel around the world, preferably on a solo journey.
whenever i meditate i feel calm like nothing in the world matters which allows me to invest in crypto, but at the same time it also increases my want to be an hero.This suggests you are otherwise anxious?
What meditation style are you using?
Something like zazen?Plenty of great writers have written about overcoming depression, nihilism and meaninglessness have you read any of that kind of stuff?After you meditate exercise before doing anything else if it makes you calm.
The fact that you used to and no longer do is bad
Can I have some money op?
I really need something to start me off.
Become a christ fag and find Jesus.
Congrats on making it, one day I wish I can.
I've had a similar feeling as you have but that was after finishing highschool and moving into uni.
Video games became shit and not fun had lots of sex with internationals then went home and was bored out of my brains depressed.I reccomend trying to break out of your "daily grind" as well from my understanding and personal experience there is no sense of achievement or development.
Make some new friends,exercise and he'll even start gardening or working as a shill full time (sales consultant).If you need someone to talk you through it send me some ETH dust signed with your email and I'll get back to you.
0xE6fDcf5560864dac296C6E543f2BAb0E21F06Ae8
why does everyone have some sort of problem, some sort of emptiness?why can't you just be in the moment?every day above ground is something to be thankful for
Hey op i'l be your friend and talk to you itt about whatever you want provided you don't really give any poorfags money.
i'm not really sure what type of meditation this is but what i do is close my eyes focus on the air on my nostrils and just imagine that nothing exists.
like im just a floating consciousness that only knows how to breath.
yes i had a serious case of anxiety before, i used to google every symptom i felt because i was so afraid to die but now that feeling is gone but its been replaced by emptiness.
so you can imagine how helpful meditation was in making me hold through the Ethereum bullshit and FUD.oh crap, most of the books ive been reading have been about POWER.
Machiavelli's the prince.
Robert Greene's 48 laws of power.
Sun Tzu's Art of War and misc financial books
it is better to be rich and depressed than to be poor and depressed.
You arn't doing anything productive OP and you havn't really made it, consider doing something like starting a business with your money, if you prefer to cuck maybe just buy a house so you don't have that burden
Sounds like you enjoy the making profit part of what you do.
I can help.
Provide me with some of your ETH (0x62b6e9f80b75d92cc8a8e40ce3fb41821fc0657c), and then you can make your gains all over again!
Feel the thrill of chasing the profit.
You can't truly do that unless you get rid of a bunch of it...Helping other people is a fantastic way to feel better.
You can rest safe in the knowledge that your ETH is helping someone needy (like me: 0x62b6e9f80b75d92cc8a8e40ce3fb41821fc0657c).
By being generous and helping others, you will feel better about yourself.
Plus, your brain will release some of that sweet, sweet dopamine!Why not set yourself a challenge?
Staying focussed is one of the best ways to not kys.
Challenge yourself to be more giving: 0x62b6e9f80b75d92cc8a8e40ce3fb41821fc0657c .
Challenge yourself to change someone elses life.
Live through others happiness, and in return make yourself happy.Get a casual occupation / volunteer with a cause you believe in.
You'll be making a difference, it'll keep you busy.
It doesn't even cost anything.
In fact, it can get you more money.
There are loads of charities out there, and putting in some work for them will help you.
(Making me more profit is my chosen charity: 0x62b6e9f80b75d92cc8a8e40ce3fb41821fc0657c)

Hi depressed anon, do you think it is worth it to buy Salt at the current price or should i wait for it to drop?
I have been stalking it for 2 weeks now and im regretting not buying in earlier..
I'd consider that zazen meditation but purists will say its not because your eyes are closed instead of half open.>oh crap, most of the books ive been reading have been about POWER.Sounds like the perfect entry point for Nietzsche.
Try the joyful wisdom and Beyond Good and Evil and see how you like him.I wonder if the anxiety helped you not sell when etherium was mooning.
I mean if you can sort of turn off your brain, not care about anything (with the alternative being caring about everything and not panic sell like I did it would probably be great
Send me eth with contact info OP and I'll be your friend and help you find what you're looking for nonironically.0xdea3cfeecd426ad59a60f3a779b11889af15f175
probably stop being a piece of shit with no merit, morals, self control or dignity would help
dude SALT is the earliest moon mission.
the platform is releasing Q4 2017 and im not really going to go into the details in this thread but expect the price to move towards $25.
after you profit from SALT, put it in long term moon missions like LINK and REQ.
Isnt Nietzsche the philosopher that made all the depressing quotes like>He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster.
And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.uhh i guess if i didnt have anxiety i would not have tried meditation.
and if i didnt meditate i would have end up panic selling Ethereum at one point.
dont get me wrong i prefer this feeling of emptiness over the constant panic attacks for the smallest reasons.
OMG, material accumulation and sensual pleasure are unfulfilling!!
MONEY AND SEX DON'T MAKE ME HAPPY.
WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME THIS?I dunno, maybe tens of thousands of years worth of human wisdom actually know what they're talking about?
Isnt Nietzsche the philosopher that made all the depressing quotes likeNietzsche believed that nihilism was a great threat to mankind on the assumption that provided people had a "why" to live they would always keep going.
Nihilism is the abyss he is talking about in that quote.
He sought to come up with a response to nihilism and it amounts to making your own meaning and accepting the struggle of life as part of what allows you to reach the highs of life.
Its a fun read If you found anything at all in the Prince that you liked you will like him.>What if a demon were to creep after you one night, in your loneliest loneliness, and say, 'This life which you live must be lived by you once again and innumerable times more; and every pain and joy and thought and sigh must come again to you, all in the same sequence.
The eternal hourglass will again and again be turned and you with it, dust of the dust!'
Would you throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse that demon?
Or would you answer, 'Never have I heard anything more divine
Oh shit i thought that quote was about being obsessed with something like crime and becoming a criminal.
Anyway thanks man, ill try to read Nietzsche and start exercising.
I'm still going to continue to meditate though since i dont want to turn back to the nervous wreck i was before especially since im still in crypto.
You can't be happy unless you are good looking.
Currently the way youre going you may fall back into that state.
Pick up weights or start calisthenics just so you can build up some muscle man.
Trust you can read and lift at the same time!!
In what book is the latest quote anon?
Yeah but should i buy right now or wait a little to for a drop ( i am thinking to invest about 200$ since i am a newfag to alts )?
Instead of trying to be rich think about the things you want to do but can't because no money.
underrated OP is probably a mouth breather with a retruded maxilla.
i have a retruded maxilla and i am depressed
Literally another hollow manFucking hookers, really?
Just kys
The Stranger by Camus and Dostoevsky's Notes From Underground are books exploring the theme you want if novels are more your thing.
Now for a controversial opinion.
Giving up videogames is not necessarily a good thing.
What genre of games did you play before you quitThe Gay Science.
Sometimes translated as The Joyful Wisdom
You sound sort of like a sex addict.
All addicts are usually depressed and sex is like an escape from that, usually with a heavy buildup section such as researching escorts, plotting out where you're going, looking up reviews over and over, spending a lot of time preparing or planning the sex act.Usually it just means you're depressed, sort of like how a lot people escape through gambling or food.
I feel the same sometimes, but i just kinda deal with it.You can't be always happy, but you can sometimes, warch a movie and make a critic about it, read o write a book, whatever the fuck you want.
You have the money, age and time (i guess)
OP confirmed larping faggot shillalso this is copy pasta you fucking retarded newfags
humans were meant to start familieswhat the fuck are you waiting fordateif you're self-conscious about something change itbut you need to reproduce, like EVERY other living organism that exists
Stop fucking hookers.
You're lonely as fuck.Get a real GF.
Recommend Chinese.
They will take care of you better then your mother.
They are petite as fuck.
I have 1 atm, only problem is I havent even been able to fit my dick all the way in her tight pussy.
We been together quite a while so its become a problem for me.
Still other ways to do the dirty of course.
Why are you trying to make profit - what's the fucking plan?
You could probably have afforded hookers with a decent job and been happier but less rich.
But you didn't do that cause you've been brainwashed into striving for riches understanding them as an end in themselves rather than a means.I'm sitting here racking my brains for a way to convince you to give me your gains cause it sounds like they're wasted on you.
I want to start up a business ($100k) and buy myself a house ($500k) and I don't want anymore money after that, just want to have the time to invest in my relationships with family and friends without spending the majority of my life trying to 'get ahead' so I'm not destitute in old age or from unexpected circumstances like family sickness.
I have ends in mind and a plan to get there that doesn't depend on crypto, but gains would change my life and my family and friends for the better.
Fuck you and your aimless self-loathing.
Hey man.
Looking at your situtation you really havent found your purpose yet.
Go explore man.
Travel around.
Trip on some mushrooms do something and realises how blessed you really are to have what you have.
Go skydiving, surfing, hiking.
Life your life man, the empty sex gets old after awhile.
I guarantee that tomorrow if you walk out of your hpuse and just drive to a place youve never been before, and explored around a little, you would come to enjoy it.To be honest I envy you right now, all the time in the world to do ANYTHING you want, financial security, thats what will make me happy.
Not having to waste years off your life making someone else dream come trueIf theres any richfags who want to help the cause heres my BTC address1pLy7hkrv2sAxEy2J3DwbnRQVefbPCFNC
OPAll these Normies arent going to give you an Answer to your Problems.
Live might seem empty for you right now but you cant fill that void with more money or more hookers that's for sure.
You dont have to travel if you're not into it.
Maybe do what you have always been doing imagine yourself being a poor NEET right now what would you be doing this exact moment?
Trying to improve yourself or sitting at home browsing 4chan.
You can try meditating on that if you like.
Otherwise if you have friends talk to them if you dont, go on /r9k/ join one of those Robot discords I'm sure you'll find someone who share a similiar pain as you.
Dont give up on life just yet.
Best of luck OP
larping as a losertake this shit to /r9k/
The money won't change a thing.
You might not have to worry about money but you don't have any friends or girlfriend to share your feelings with or who loves you for the person you are.Just stop fucking hookers.
See a therapist and talk through your problems.
Try to find friends.What you want isn't money.
It's people to spend time with.
Who you can care about and who care about you.No matter where you are in life right now.
This is doable.
It requires work and introspection.
It can be hard emotionally but will pay of.The money you have is a great help.
One thing you don't have to worry about too much.But you have to work on yourself.
You can and will make it you just need someone to open up to.
See a therapist.
From there you will find real meaningful relationships with people and see how much other aspects of life are really important.
maybe try getting into the financial field.
You can trade for a bank, for instance.
You'll make even more money and also get to see other people every day
Where do u find the hookers?
yeah dude I feel the same.
I only do bitcoin and I'm all out at the moment cause of the downtrend... can't wait for the price to hit support and resume the moon mission.
It's an emotional journey, anon.
Normie life can't compare IMO, the entrepreneurship bug has bitten us.
I'm a kissless virgin wanting to kys because of that, it's so depressing, care to buying a hooker for me?
Help a depressed guy maybe.0xb842795912064b3fa079a8f4cb659302b04b5068Thanks.0xb842795912064b3fa079a8f4cb659302b04b5068
"making it" is about fucking hookersI dream about my little house in the bavarian forest, just want to do the stuff I want without anyone interrupting me instead of wageslaving the whole day.
I dont want a lambo, I want to be free.I love you guys
Try working part time somewhere.Try to find a 24 hour gym and go when there's no people if you have anxiety about being around others in the gym.
Seriously, it helps a lot.
Humans evolved to be active.Do you like driving at all?
If you so, do that.
Go for a drive.
Get a motorcycle, that's what I did.
It honestly helps a lot.Get out of the house and just go for a walk.
no, you need at least 3 millimeters
You and me both man.We're going to make it though.
If you own Ark anyway.
Save that money, OP.
Whores are expensive as hell.
If you need pussy, go to a bar, show your portfolio to a hot bitch, get gold digger attraction, then pump and dump her.
The "rich" people you see buying lambos and whores don't stay rich.
Being rich is mostly about being frugal.
Also, If you're starting to feel you're losing a purpose in life, get out of the house from time to time, go for a jog, a drive, a hike.
Anything to clear your mind.
Play some vidya even (but don't get addicted to it).
If you're making enough to live and not rely on a normal wagecucking job, you've already made it OP.
Just chin up, man.