Bitcoin Cash is going to $1500MY BITCOINS!
THE WHISTLE GOES WOOOOOOOOOO
bitcoin is supposed to be the only safe investment and now the chinks and jews RUINED it with their fucking forks
btc invited this when they said fuck the whitepaper and implemented segwit, and offchain transactions in the roadmap
Fuck you cashcucks you will get what’s coming to you
THIS HAS BEEN MONTHS IN THE MAKING BUT ITS FINALLY HAPPENING!!!
THIS IS THE RISE OF BCH, THE BIG FISH IS GOING BELLY UP, ITS REALLY HAPPENING
Bitcoin Cash is the true bitcoin.
its going to double what it peaked at yesterday.
this shit is insane
The best thing about a flippening is it makes future flippenings much more likely.No one here was getting rich on BTC any more.
All in BCH since 600 USD.
Who else here /comfy/?
>'''''''''''''''''''''invest''''''''''''''''''''' in esoteric tech shit>complain when further esoteric tech occurswew
God you fucking retards just don't get it, do you?Bitcoin is the anchor of this whole crypto economy.
When normies hear about bitcoin, they're barely able to decipher how to buy through an exchange.
As it's gotten easier, new money has been coming in at a faster rate.
Now that you greedy little kikes have figured out how to scam the system for a quick buck, everything is gonna suffer as a result.
When Mrs Normie Jones goes to look into bitcoin, she'll see a FUD blood bath and just say fuck it.
New users aren't gonna be able to decipher what Bitcoin Cash is, let alone how it's different from Bitcoin.
It's hard enough to explain the absolute basics, and now we've somehow got to explain what a flippening is.
You assholes ruined a perfectly good thing.
/3 my portfolio at 710 usd.
wish i went all in but link taught me fear
Calm your tits you pussyhttps://twitter.com/WolfOfPoloniex/status/929420910301515776make fun of the Wolf all you want but at least he's been in the game long enough to read that shit without the panic glasses
Yeah, people just follow the trend.
normie jones will realize bitcoin is an extremely safe investment because if it ever forks in the future you get a 1/1 of btc/fork.
dipshits who dumped the bch and fomoers buying ath are the only ones getting rekt.
mrs normie only buys on crashes
You just got BEECONNEEEEEEEE