> So we are in 2025> Cryptocurrency has accepted widely around the world> Some cryptocurrency made it (just 10)> All other shitcoins died Which coins made it Anon?
Tell me why, because "Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge"
-A fork of bitcoin or bitcoin core if it gets its shit together-Ethereum-OmiseGo-ZRX-Monero-5 projects that don't exist yetOther coins like Litecoin, ZCash will exist but will be like the dogecoins of today, which dogecoin will also be, because shibes live forever
TWO PLUS TWO EQUALS FOUR
Half of them probably don't even exist yet.
The rest will be ETH, XMR, and maybe LTC among a couple others that exist right now.
-Monero-Bitcoin-Ark-OMG-EthereumNo particular order.
Literally nothing we know today/thread
BTC because it's BitcoinLTC because it's like Bitcoin's little brother tagging alongLink because Sergey solved the Oracle problemArk has expanded to connect all coins together and now has a $20,000,000,000 market cap.XMR is still being used by every criminalCoss has become the number 1 exchange and the dividends just keep on comingHerocoin has expanded from being the first esports token with an existing gaming platform to being used for all esports.Neo is somehow still hanging aroundEthereum is still around because of all the tokens holding it up even though Vitalik has now been banned from all social media platforms.Dogecoin is the most widely accepted coin of all time.
Much wow much gains much acceptance.Bitconnect has been rebranded 42 times and is now known as Bitcoin Junior (TM)
XMR because privacyBTC because muh first mover advantageETH because its a useful platform and Vitalik is well positionedUFR because file sharing/torrenting is a massive usage market
Nice one
only bitcoin will stay, as it has so much popularity and has the gold equivalent name to it.
the technology will advance so much that the other 9 coins do not exist yet and would outperform any other project that currently is on the market.
bitcoin won't be affected because it doesn't need that technology to be kept as a store of value.Doesn't mean we can't make money of the shitcoins though, some of them will be around but definitely not in the top 10
All these coins will not even existMy honest opinion
I think some cryptocurrency will coexist.It is like the Dot-com bubble.
Trumpcoin.
Putincoin.
But I think NAV has a bright future.
2025>which coins made it anon?they dont exist yet, lel.
Current ones?
all dead, except maybe BTC, Espers and BitBean
the world had gone so far left that pinkcoin now rules the world with its altruistic values
V-Verge is in the top 10, r-right?
Top 50?
This.
dead too, sorry
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH PRIVACY THOUGH AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The Left is inherently suicidal since they think everyone is the same.
This makes them ripe for plunder, rape and murder at the hands of the savage.
The only crypto would be Jihadcoin or some shit.
This is a really nice list.
But I would remove Neo and Dogecoin.I will add Electroneum to the list.Why because:Electroneum and the Dot-com bubble.
What do they have in common?>Amazon.
Who survived the dot-com bubble?>Amazon.In which state is cryptocurrency now?>A bubble.What is the most important thing of cryptocurrency?>Privacy.What does Electroneum and Monero have in common?>Privacy.Don't buy yet because the people with ICO bags can't sell there coins yet.
If they can it will move downward, under ICO price.
Then buy as much as you can.
It will go up like a mofo.
DYOR.
Why the fuck would 10 coins make it?
There is going to be one successful crypto currency (the obvious one).
There is literally no reason for anyone to use more than one crypto currency as an actual currency (once cryptos actually become a currency rather than an investment/store of value)
I just mentioned it.
this question seems more interesting on paper
Link
In most cases people are going to use national currencies as they always do.
Once crypto is more well known it will be an alternative for certain use cases, especially those where privacy is a concern and possibly international transactions.
There will never be any reason for more than one crypto currency, as they all have basically the same advantages and they currently just canibalize the already very narrow market for such currencies.
BTC ETHDASHLISKSTORJOKCASHVERTCOIN
Btc is valuable because btc is valuable because btc is valuable Not gonna make it long term, just like you.
There will never be any reason for more than one crypto currency,Retard
SiaCoinDigiByteXtrabytesSwarm City District0xChainLinkEthereumBitcoinLitecoinMonero
Strong argument, btfod me xD
there will never be any reason for more than one fiat currency>there will never be any reason for more than one precious metal as a store of value>there will never be any reason for more than one electric wall socket standard>there will never be any reason for more than one type of retirement investment account>there will never be any reason for more than one type of car transmission