What if we don't make it?
what if a giga whale like satoshi decides to dump, and we all get justed?
We will, dude, we will.
im gonna fuck some bitches at the legends room
If Satoshi moves so much as 1 BTC out of his wallet, Bitcoin will crash immediately.
Good thing he lost his private key.
Curtis James Jackson III taught us that we either get rich, or we die trying.
Those are the only options.
/biz/ suicide pact
Good thing he lost his private key.>
He's gotta be dead or somethingHow can he not touch his account after all these years
You just don't understand what HODLing really means.
>Engrave private key on a piece of metal>Put it in a safe >Wait 15 years or forever before opening it
2017>make itIf you haven't yet you probably won't.
Just being realistic.
The only way to make it at this point is to already be half-pregnant with a lot of $ to throw around.
You can still have a good time though.
Many gains to be made, but the days of turning a $50 bill into $10m are largely over and have been for some time.
I refuse to not make it.
Failure ain't in the cards.
what if Satoshi is actually serving life in prison for something and has literally no idea Bitcoin has taken off?
I have 0.46 BTC, am I gonna make it?
But the days of turning $50bil into $10m are here to stay
I'm gonna make it, and I'm taking you all to lamboland with me.
When it's out we're going all in on BTC's future replacement (no it's not BCH go away Jihan)
What if he moves 0.99 btc a million times
Sound like the plot of a movie>Invent bitcoin>Get sent to jail for 20 years falsely accused of killing cheating gf and the guy she is fugging>in the mean time btc takes off>He gets out and is one of the richest men in the world>He had no idea since people don't talk about meme coins in prison or some shit

Not an option
A lot of prison inmates have Internet access, so no.
Keep fear to yourself, share courage.
FUUUAAAAARKK
I fucking hate you all.
You’re all a bunch of useless, autistic weaboo cunts.
All you do all day is masturbate your fucking short dick, watch shitty Japanese cartoons and post nonsense on this stupid god damned board.
What is this board even for?
Have you seen the shit these retards post here?
Its all post humor hipster nonsense.
Why can’t you just laugh at shit normal people find funny?
Why do you feel the need to be so fucking different and unique that you have to come to this stupid fucking website for your kicks?
Is it because you didn’t have any friends in school?
Is that it?
You can’t just go on Facebook and Instagram and look at your dumb memes like everyone else, oh no, that would make you a “normie.” So instead you come here of all places, to unload your unfunny trash onto the internet and circle jerk your dumb buddies cocks off.
You make me sick.
Reply this post or your mother will die in her sleep tonight.
Dude it's super random.
I got JUSTED by bch 75% of my portfolio and recovered in one day thanks to an anon that told us to buy bch on some shitty exchange at 0.1 and sell in bittrex at 0.3 kek.It's luck and putting 1 btc on the right ico.Fucking confido the biggest scam in recent history provided a nice 10x for those who bought the ico.
Everything is random you can make it overnight.Will have to play it kinda risky if you have less than you one btc tho.
I meant btg at 0.01 not bch.
oh hi, i just posted to you in another thread.
or at least the same pasta.
btw I love my mummy.
if you went back one month and bought bch then neo then powr with 10k you could have made 400k