Anyone else shitting bricks right now?
Hi, I feel stupid now buit I was too lazy to reserach the technical aspects fo what I am investing in.Can somone explain in laymen terms what the difficulty adjust means, and what I should be watching for if I own some BCC?
it meansyu dun now
Is it going to drop it or moon it?
Unfamiliar with the mining technicalities.
Wel, I bought at 200-220, so I still have a chance to save myself if I am fucked.HELP.
WHAT DOE STHIS MEAN
DOYRBUY HIGHSELL LOW
what the difficulty adjust meansBCH is going to become more difficult to mine in less than two hours, making it more profitable to mine BTC.
Miners will move back to BTC and the market will probably follow them.
Jihan the ultrafag even has a fucking fork coming to try and change the difficulty so miners will stay with BCH.
That's some shit
Nope.
I am going to love every minute of what is about to happen.
It mean sell BCH you fucking cuck.
Dump #2 of this run is gonna be fun
BCH back to 0.14
If this is true, why is anyone still holding BCH?
Ignorance?I mean, I am holding it, and I am definitely ignorant, so that is not a rhetorical question.Just asking if there is another perspective or path this could take that some enlightened individuals subscribe to.
Difficulty was low.
>Miners mine BCH.
block per minute or something crazy like that>after a certain amount of blocks, the difficulty adjusts to get 10 minute blocks (400%)>difficulty too high now, reward too low>miners abandon BCH for BTC againThe end.
faith in Jihan's hard fork part two electric boogaloo
Ignorance?Maybe.
The ones that are in the know might be hedging on Jihan's bullshit fork keeping BCH popular (which is the most centralized shit I can imagine)
I still have some when I bought it at 0.29Do you think it get anywhere close so I can dump the rest of my bags?
the diffuculty is not going to get harded, they changed it
Wrong, lmao.
Do you think they'll continue to mine one block per second?
Repeat with me:PRICED IN
*minute
M8, those bags are gonna get real heavy.Did you chase the pump or catch the falling knife?
at what block does it occur?
pls explain what this means.
I would really like to know.>Priced in
means he is a brainless bcrash supporter
 to go> https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
thanks
Just cashed out at 1300.
Bought in at 735 lolNot a huge profit, but it’s better than nothing.
Bought some BTC with the profit again since it’s kinda low right now (at 6120)
WHEN THE FUCK IS IT GOING TO REBOUND
WHEN THE FUCK IS IT GOING TO REBOUNDYou know the answer
Spoken like a true core cuck.
How's that circumcised Blockstream cock tasting?
How's that circumcised Blockstream cock tasting?Probably about the same as Jihan's since you're okay with him softforking to lower BCH mining difficulty to try and keep miners in
Can someone ELI5 me what will happen when BCH's difficulty jump 400% in an hour?Does that mean that it will be more difficult to mine BCH, and miners will leave BCH for BTC?
What about the BCH fork on Monday?Will these factors affect the price?
where can I see the exact time of he adjustment?
Either BCH will need to make a big run/the BCH boys will need to push it or it will be in deep poo
https://fork.lol/Fuck it, I sold BCC at 150 at slight loss because of you mofos.This time im making some money.
https://fork.lol
What should i set my sell orders for BCC to?Right now im at like 370, too conservative?
Who thinks a BCH exit pump will happen?
The pump was to try and get a higher price at the time of the DAA.
Their chinese pump exploded too soon and now they're snoozing.
When the BCH candles are unable to get erect after the DAA, it will be time for a firm, thrusting, masculine BTC pump.
(Really I think XMR might be the place to be these days but fuck it)
I dont even know what blockstream is, thats bcrash propaganda.
You are more brainwashed than a north korean
Blockstream is Khazarian mafia, you deep state (((shill)))
Whoever keeps the miners on their platform wins.If BTC looses all its miners even for a few hours it will result in massive panicking
Btc pumpingWtf nigger, it's about to breach 6K againIt's looking bad for both sides
blockstream is the company that owns all the bitcoin core developers.
It's not true at all, he's a retarded Core shillMining hashrate has no relation to the marketWhat might happen is more Bitcoin Legacy transactions will go through so more people will be able to dump
It's not true at all, he's a retarded Core shill>Mining hashrate has no relation to the market>cashfriends literally spreading disinformationPeople mine whatever is profitable for them to mine.
Hashrate is correlated with market price.
BCH gonna pump making it more profitable to sell BTC and buy BCH
PANIC!
get rid of BCH bags to anyone gullible enough to take them
Bought mid 350 cashed 1750.Feels good man.
Waiting to enter again