How do I become as famous as Dan if im just as rich
Flaunt your wealth on social media.
Hire prostitutes and start an Instagram page and get people to follow you
Waste your money on even dumber shit than he does and post about it online.
THIS
either do what   these guys say.
Or sign up to a PR agency, but it helps if you have a product to shift or something to promote - an energy drink, a book, a self-indulgent documentary about your "inspiring" trip to Boreno with lots of schmultzy shots of you shaking hands with the local kids, teaching them how to read before you bungee jump from rainforest canopies or shit like that.But the real question is why the fuck do you want to be famous?
People start fights with you in the street so they can sue you for.
People always come up to you asking for selfies, act like just because they saw a few pics of you online not only do they know you, but they OWN you.
You can't go for a fucking walk to clear your head around the block without some fucktard running up to you and starting in the middle of a conversation about your last video, unsolicited he gives you his 'helpful' notes.
And what happens if your dog just died and you're feeling particularly shitty and you punch the fucker's lights out - you'll probably end up on TMZ and he'll sue - even though he's the insensitive fucker.Don't be famous.
Just be rich first - sure you can't get the instant table at the restaurant (unless you're a regular), sure when drunk you can't belt out "don't you know who I am".
But hey, I heard that Prince Harry got rejected from a nightclub in Queensland, the Florida of Australia, earlier this year.
The grandson of the country's head of state!
New money always feels the need to do this.
Do you think barons Rothschild feels the need to post photos of himself with prostitutes on Instagram?
Do you think barons Rothschild feels the need to post photos of himself with prostitutes on Instagram?Good point.
They do put on hellza weird Dali-themed parties though
Queensland, the Florida of AustraliaIs this true?
I'm dating a girl from Sunshine Coast
have jewish friends in Hollywood that can make you famous overnight.>not kidding>real
Start doing cool shit and post it on Instagram.
You need do to something different, though or you'll be seen as a copy cat.
Also don't be a try hard.
Go to sleep Jack Black
Depends on the town, but generally Queenslanders have a higher bogan ratio than anywhere else in StrayaI am not enough of a normie to get what he has to do with this.
I thought he was the chubby guy who pretends to be a rockstar?
why do people think this guy is alpha?he doesnt even have kids lmao
How do I hate fuck that blonde bitch?
Asking for a friendt.
Jamal
Correct.
Usually dumb with a loud mouth and have a cringe tattoo.
DJ-ing is far easier than learn instrument to get small gig standardpay ghost producer to made your track
this.
literally google "ghost producer shop" and have your pick.
use the money you make from crypto to buy a nice catchy song and then shill it.
It would be so fucking easy that the fact that you are rich but this retarded proves being rich is mostly luck.
It was all true
what is this?
its not about new money, necessarily.
rothschilds are just rich beyond imagining, each of them are worth like 1000 dan bilzerians
get a huge dick and put chemicals in your beard
- all girls on the photos are camgirls & call girls who are getting paid hourly rates- all cars are rental- all fancy stuff is rental- he is making money by pretending he has a lot of money- you jumped on his memescongratz faggot
Stanley Kubrick was known for pechant for hyperrealism>Had a card index of every event in day in Napoleon's life for research for a film that never got made>Marveled over a production assistant's photographs of a apartment in New York, because of the detail of a pair of tights that had been thrown over a lampshde "that's the kind of details you just can't fake in a movie"
money talks, wealth whispers
his dad was a con artist who stole millions that were never foundhe claims his profits came from Pokermost professional poker playerswho have reviewed his poker skillssay that he sucks... HMmmmmm wonderif he foundhis dad's money?
Everybody knows that's where his fortune comes from anon.
That's no secret.
Obviously they just can't finger him for it because of some hyper convoluted laundering structure.I have to say, if you're gonna go to prison - that's like the best saving grace you can do: ensuring your children are financially provided for even when their daddy is in the slammer.
Thats like 500 for an hour worth of whores, max.
Dan was asked in an interview by a cuck if he was using the girls.
He responded by saying that no, they were using him.
If you look at the pictures you will notice that the girls never look at him and always look at the camera with well rehearsed faces and poses.
Yeah this exactly.
Do you know how much these roasties would do to get tagged on his instagram so they can get more followers and likes on their instagram?
Literally these girls only value they see in themselves is how many instagram followers they get.
Wish they never assasinated him he would still be making great movies.