Smug AF.
And u guys said ripple is scam
Not a scam, it's coin doesn't do shit tho
this.
ripple doesn't need xrp.
doesnt do shit>tfw it reduces fees by 60%>tfw you ACTUALLY think ripple would let their currency fail for no reason while they secure all these partnerships and while they hold billions of the coinare all no ripplers this retarded?
why does /biz/ have such low IQ?Bitcion will end up the same if it wants to scale.
It's exactly what Lightning network does, ripple already has the tech.you never hear idiots saying "bitcoin will be useless if we get LN"
yup, all no-rips are ACTUALLY that retardedlmaoyou dont even need to know about the utility case of XRP to know that ripple is not going to let their multi-BILLION dollar asset be worthless, they want to realize those gains you fucking morons
Better ready your rope when ripple company announces ripples as legacy product as they only specialise on business needs.
Ripples aren't even shares of company
"Ripple said that it is has tested a means of speeding up payments with its cryptocurrency, XRP, and that this would become a feature in its partnerships with banks and other financial companies further down the line.
"The XRP currency will come into play later on in the evolutionary dynamics and the other players," Marcus Treacher, global head of strategic accounts at Ripple, told CNBC in an interview.
"They aren't buying XRP, just using the application.
Just like everyone keeps saying.
The app is good, the crypto is not.
if they were fucking shares they would be illegal securities you moron ROFLno rips getting dumber by the day
tfw you think the banks won't create a blockchain version of the dollar to realize the 60% reduction in costs by the banks without having to invest in XRP.Are ripplers this stupid?
+ banks have already chosen to use ripple.
Do you know better than them?
What a fuckin world we live in.
Fat Sergey had made a Jason parser and the once dead ripple coin is back from the grave.Having said that.
Amex is a dead as fuck card and this early adoption of a block chain is probably more of a brand awareness move for them.Amex is dead outside of the USA
it's meant to be burned.
not speculated upon or accumulated.
they will continue dumping on you hopeless fools until their entire financial network is setup and then drop xrp completely.
they aren't going to use a publicly traded token for their banking transactions.
use your fucking head.
yes ripple is totally market dumping billions in a market with this low a liquidity levelLMAOfucking morontake a seat, you dont comprehend the scale of money at work here
amex isn't even going to use xrp, just the ripple ledger.>https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/16/american-express-santander-team-up-with-ripple-on-blockchain-platform.htmlfinancial gateways using xrp will only need a handful annually to do so.
xrp is an incredibly weak investment.
heavy bag holder
tfw i hold ZERO xrp >tfw im 100% in btcstay a dumb noob
holy fucking shit this is one of the most retarded posts I have ever read on here, and that's including the pee pee poo poo guy.
You clearly have no idea what you're talking about.Try do some fucking reading and learn what XRP actually does and how it works in the Ripple network.
XRP is 100% NECESSARY to accomplish what makes Ripple stand out in the first place.
That is, XRP's transaction times allow for an instantaneous transfer of monetary value.>Bank A wants to send $100k to Bank B>Bank A uses Ripple network to convert $100k USD into $100k worth of XRP>$100k worth of XRP is then instantaneously sent to Bank B, where it is immediately converted back to $100k USD or whatever currency they wantThis is literally Ripple's primary selling point.
The ability for banks to instantly transfer monetary value without waiting 3-5 business days like you do with traditional systems, or 4-6 hours like you do with bitcoin.
And it is literally impossible without XRP.
You can get faster times than 3-5 days, but you won't get instantaneous speeds like you do with XRP.No wonder you fucking kids lose all your money and post pink wojaks all the time.
You have no idea what you're talking about you you just parrot a bunch of bullshit from one another that's not even true in the first place.
Do some fucking research and shut the hell up.
I'm not huge on IOTA, but I see /biz/ repeating debunked bullshit about it endlessly.It's like they only get their information from /biz/
Ripple is a scam.Will still go up though due to hype.