>tfw keep picking winners
Then you go all in on a loser lol.
Law of Averages, you're bound to crash.
Just play smartly and conservatively if you've been gifted winners.
This anon is correct.I was in OPs place a few months ago.
Reality eventually JUST'd me.
Don't be a fool.
Hellooooooooo
Nah, I made enough money to diversify.
I have enough LINK where if it moons I'm unironically a richfag but if it crashes whatever I still have NEO and OMG.
Feels so good.Don't die
tfw picked one winner (ETH) under $20, continued to trade it ever since (and beat what I would have made by just holding) and it has continued to reward me ever sinceI'm convinced it only takes one good opportunity like ETH or BTC to truly "make it" and /biz/ is wasting time by hopping from shitcoin to shitcoin instead of carefully and extremely thoroughly scrounging for the next 5+ year opportunity like this.ETH will be fucking huge when Casper and more upgrades come out.
Mr jackpots
Yep.
I got into ETH back in March when it was $13-15 and then got shilled on ANS (thanks /biz/) at $3.
It's been snowballing ever since.
I feel sorry for the people who daytrade shitcoins all day as a second job.
I really wish I bought ANS.
The stupid fucking logo prevented me from changing my life.
This is why I am all in on LINK.
It’s a one way ticket to lambo land
Coss is your next opportunity
Jade give two rides :~)
I bought that dumb fucking ant but sold at the initial moon after the rebranding.
fuuuck
No it fucking isn't.4346160The other mistake /biz/ makes is constantly believing there HAS to be some kind of ETH or BTC-type opportunity every week that they simply haven't discovered yet.
This is not true.Most people on this board would be better off trading pennies and essentially waiting for months or even years before investing heavily into any particular thing, crypto or not.
There isn't always some ETH or BTC out there to be found so researching and waiting is your best bet.
If you can trade successfully in the meantime that's nice too.
Yeah that's an accurate analysis.
Obviously the task is distinguishing shite from the next ETH.
Link is a good example of this phenomena.
Many thought it'd be the next ANS/DGB.
YEAH FAGGOT, YOU'LL LOSE EVERYTHING SOON ENOUGH IF YOU PLAY LIKE A GAMBLER.
TECH GAMBLER FAG HERE.
LOST OVER 100K IN 2 WEEKS AND STILL FUCK BETCHES, YA LIVE...........YA LEARN.......YA HERRR?
I can tell you're a boomer.
Buy your opportunity.
I'm pretty sure only brainlets compare LINK to DGB kek.
WHERE IS YOUR CAR DOUGIE
COSS is a shit crypto.
They got no money, so they created a ICO.
>tfw you keep picking top cryptos but ywn change your past
I'm happy for you anon.
And a little bit jealous.
pick winner after winner>go all in on Iota with full margin>lose everything and then someDidnt even learn anything.
Just fuck me up senpai
all inThere's your mistake