we are no where near the top.it takes one good bi-weekly announcement to cause fomo for the next two weeks followingreq works with any crypto currencies so there is no competition
Fuck you.
req is shit.
Why would anybody use it?I mean buying BTC already costs at least 5%
Agree.
Everyone needs to buy a ton of REQ.
Lambos for all.
read the whitepaper pajeet.
If the rumour of req hitting bittrex on the 17th are true it's going to the moon
Yeah this would actually do it.
It's like on one major exchange, Binance.
exchange rumors>truethey never are m8this thing wont be on Bittrex for awhile
think bigger, they have sent applications in to GDAX
Please guys I'm serious, everyone with a brain bought REQ at this point.
Stop shlling it, you make it weaker because shillers loose their hands easily.
Don't overpost REQ.Also, after this thread I will fudding it instantly.
please pajeet your bags are less than 15$
and why would GDAX list them?it's a month old ERC20 token with no product yetI don't think the Coinbase guys would list it even on their coming token exchange thing
Been daytrading the last couple of days.
Waiting again for a 790 sat to enter.
Oh yes please, you like gay parties don't you ?
gdax has listing parameters public req compliments every thing they ask for.
As do 9 out of 10 tokens...
Request and Coinbase are both Ycombinator companies, no other token has this
WE ARE REQ MARINESWE WILL NOT SELL!!
speak for yourself m8to be a marine you gotta have bags and currently I'm in the green
Its not like coinbase is owned by yc or sthing.
Yea im sure it counts somewhat, and req might be added after a few real cryptos, like neo and confido has been added.
tfw youre an ICO cuck and didnt buy at a 40% discountb-but americans were banned
tfw bought 10k of it below ICOno more poorfag for me soon
m market cap inc
Request and Coinbase are both Ycombinator companiesShit really?
Damn, REQ is going to fucking conquer.
Not only is Request a Ycomb company, they got fucking invited to it the program.Fucking.Invited.
confidoYeah, another whitepaper no product token will be added before REQ...
Retard
REQ is an whitepaper ico.no product.
you know they are making a partnership
They are playing nice with everyone.
They'll use LINK and Aragon and 0x.
It'll work with all currencies, both fiat and crypto.
No matter what moons, REQ will moon with it.
It'll be the glue that holds the crytosphere together.
They're actually ahead of schedule and are going to have the first version of their payment platform online and open source by 'Q4 2017' (ie, next month)