Waiting 10 hours and my ARK deposit nowhere to be seen.
This crap exchange is worse than Etherdelta, I swear.
30% opportunity cost and increasing as we speak.
JUST
Bump for the exchange of piss.
>not doing a test transfer>Beta exchangeKek
he sent ARK to wrong address and blames the exchangesorry mate.
I transferred 600 ARK literally a couple hours ago and it went through fine
God damn this is some of the weakest FUD I've seen this month
being retarded>blaming the exchange hm
I've done this very transfer many times before.No I didn't.
Used the same address I used a dozen of times before.
If only you were allowed to see the blockchain when you used ARK so that you would be able to tell the problem from your wallet.
That being said, if you're serious have you checked the blockchain explorer for ARK.
You can't see what happened with your wallet on your end because ARK is a shitcoin, but you can at least check the explorer to see if it shows up there.
% seriousCan't check it right now, as explorer.ark.io is down, but bittrex says the tx was completed.
I sent an email to COSS support almost 3 hours ago and no response so far.
Already lost $100 on an opportunity cost alone and counting.
And all I wanted was to buy back into COSS.
It's probably because you transferred your ark from one exchange to another directly.
I'm pretty sure most exchanges don't allow that
This is why I don't like Ark.
If you had the blockchain on your wallet, even with the explorer down you could probably figure it out.
That being said there may be other explorers other than the main explorer.
As I'm using Google I can't get the first link for the mainnet explorer to come up but I can get a few others to show.
One of them is explorer.arkno.d e (no space between the de at the end) and it seems to be working though I don't use ARK so I don't know if the block is correct.
The blocks seem to be updating every few seconds which they should be with ARK's transaction times.
Again I don't use ARK but I've sent coins to addresses and not have them show up immediately so I feel your pain.
I've done this many times before, so no.
Nothing to do with that.
Is that an ARK only problem because I've done that for multiple cryptos multiple times.
I'm not sure you are correct on this.
I don't know why this wouldn't work for ARK.
try the block explorer at (explorer.arkno.de) and see if that helps.
Again I don't use ARK so it might not, just trying to help.
explorer.arkno.d eThanks for the link.
So apparently Bittrex just stole my ARK, because transaction is not even on the blockchain.
I would think it has to do with the wallet maintenance on Bittrex, but that wasn't the case 12 hours ago.
And sorry to COSS.io.
Not their fault.
This time.
COSS is love.
Coss is life.
No insults plz.
ONE STEP SOLUTION
I sent my ark from bittrex to coss few days ago and tried to sell the ark in coss to no avail.
Sent it back to bittrex and sold it there for btc and back to coss.. Bad luck mate
i think ur just retarded matei've transfered lots of ARK onto coss and had no problem.
Always do a test transfer first though.
Most likely you fucked up, put in the wrong address or something.
All this FUD on Coss reminds me of the FUD that was spread about Ethereum at the beginning.... must mean this is an opportunity
I cannot seem to figure out how to acquire coss tokens.
Go to Coss.io or Binance and trade for them.
Sorry, Coss.io or HitBTC has them trading