INCOMING ATH.
Strapped in and ready, Oldfag.
Never left.
Rode it up last night as well.
Thanks for all the heads up, Mr Reddington.
Wasn't the high 7900 or something?
Strapped and ready.
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!!!
Red Rum, standing buy!
Red Lips, Standing by.
red dick standing by
why does anyone keep buying this shit?
what does it do?
Doing some TA with only a little autism added:discord.gg/tebwEwv
At this point, what does it even matter?
pink wojak standing by
Oh guys he didn’t here about the 2 hour confirmations or the $20+ fees or what about the 3tps cmon guys let’s get him in here wooooo
Unless you are well experienced, it's easy to get fleeced in a Discord.
Just Sayin'.
tfw my alt is mooning with BTC
Shoulda bought one of the other billion times I told you.
lol
What are you holding?
Lisk
Back to your Bitcoin Trash containment Scam, please.
4393451Red Man standing by
No samefagging, please.
This is a Bitcoin forum, knock the shit off.
Can't wait to see the salt when bch eventually overtakes core.
It's going to be on levels of election night.
BEGONE, WITCH!
I am pretty confident about the new ath aswell.
Everytime recovery from the dip happens faster and faster.
We are not far away from normie mania.
I mean 7900-5500-7500 in a week come on..Mromdfag, what do you think will be the new ath?
Red rocket standing by
What do your Powers of Abstract Reasoning tell you?
Zoophile, please.
You can tell the Aussie BCH scamfags are on.
You would think after Prince AA got arrested and the funds dried up, the shills would stop.
But god DAYUM those bags must be heavy.
I am no professional, but i guess 11-13k$.
I am long time hodler and i have seen some shit but i can hear rush coming, kind of like blackfriday rush.
Many keks were had.
That is the sound of our Retirement in the Bahamas.
It is the waves on the beach, and the rocking of the Yacht.
I am 25yo, already quit my job a year ago.
Scubadiving in Indonesia at the moment.
I dont think i need to have another job ever again.
But come on, give me a number, i wanna see how accurate youbare this time.
welp, as I have always said, the Original Vision and ALGORYTHMIC DESIGN of Bitcoin Trash was to maintain a ten percent valuation of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Trash has recovered and stabilized from being pushed far higher than its value during The Scam, the largest Bitcoin hiest in history.
Bitcoin itslef is also recovering, as it was suppressed far below its current actual value during The Scam.
Bitcoin Trash has crashed to almost ten K. It will dip to 20% less than its actual value, as the stretched spring recoils.
Bitcoin therefore will most likely see an Ath of around 11890, then setlle back down and trade sideways at 10K for a while.
As always, I was typing your answer as you were typing your question.
I'm weird that way.
I am retired MILTELL, and know exactly what people are going to think say, or do before they do.
Thx man, i agree on the bigest pump&dump of crypto history.
Too bad i settled on watching the waves instead of surfing.
Internet here is not stable enough though, and i already have enough.
Huge ripple pump coming, i am riding this one with low stake.
Mind if I make that a desktop theme?
I'm going to give you a pass on the Ripple shill.
I'll hold off, I rode it up and down a bit in the early days, but never really made that much off it.
You are a biztard afterall.
Feel free, thats how i see my retirement.
Fuck lambos and plastic boats.
HOLY DEADCAT BOUNCE ON BCH!!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!
Yeah, i agree ripple is shit.
But people buy this kind of news and act on emotions.
Is that it?>Volume peak>Slight rise>Instant dipTeach me senpai.
I have been lurking around interest and i can feel how bch bag holders have completely lost their trust.
You're such an annoying old fuck, do you literally have no friends
hello I made a memecan i be in your gang
Bch bag holder detected
And under 1k, right after you say it.
Is this pure TA, or do you count other factors aswell?
Pretty curious if we will go to 8K
>uses space shuttle to denote blast off out of the 6 shuttles exploded
THATS RIGHT BLOCKSTREAM WINS!
BCASH IN THE SHITTER WHERE IT BELONGS.
your mom
Do you remember...
Just cuck my coin up senpai.
any idea when we see the next spike up?
This one did not denote a blastoff, this one denoted an upcoming ATH, if you read the text, son.
Memes are like the German Language.
One Meme cam mean 15 things, given the context along with myriad other indicators.
But this meme gives pretty much the same thing in all contexts overall.
Up.
Early last night, I gave you the space shuttle to indicate ACHTUNG!
When the go was confirmed, I posted "We have liftoff" After which it spike $220.
This time was an alert for whales to begin fueling the shuttle for the upcoming liftoff to a new ATH.
Locking a meme in to meaning one very narrow strict thing is an extremely dangerous habit in this day and age.
Look at the meme.
Look at the context.
Apply your powers of Abstract Reasoning to obtain the correct result of a Meme.
Frogs to represent Trump did not mean he was a Frog, but said Memes got him Elected.
Also, none of the Shuttles exploded.
Two launches were delayed due to changing weather conditions.
they still happened, and I and many others still made money off of the Sit Rep.
Speaking of which, I sure hope you locked in at $7450
ahh just fuck my shit up
cringe
You are a weiser Mann, many thanks!
Back to the Depths of Reddit.
--------------->
Your Welcome.
Godspeed, Lad.
It turns money into more money
Oldfag, in your wisdom, do you think that BTC reaching $10k CAD will have any effect on pushing the price up?
Enjoy your 10% while alts go apeshit.IOT is still in berserk mode.
ETH is in its way.
NEO starts right now.
is there any posibility btc that btc forms a double top and we see a correction?
I really hope so, i hate this smug dinosaur coin shit and what it's done to alts.But I'd still rather see it at the top than bcash
I set a buy order at 7080 yesterday because your promised it was gonna dip to 7050 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAdo you still expect the dip to 6k before the CME futures or are we going straight to 10k and beyond
and there we go!
The simplest most accurate explanation I have ever seen.
(you) (you) (you) Have three from my reserves.
Your welcome, Lads.
Isn't it strange I just logged back in the thread minutes ago.
That call didn't feel right to me either.
It was supposed to dip back there for support, but sperges saw me log on, and wouldn't stop buying long enough for it to do so.
in deed, sitting back enjoying the show !
should I fomo now or is 7200-7400 possible?
gogoogogogo
Oh Yeah.
"We Have Liftoff".
I waited to tell you, because you are a petulant Child.
NEVER fomo.
CHANCOIN is Moooning!!!
We are on the way to a new ATH.
Today, tonight.
Doesn't matter.
You are always wrong in your projections, stop pretending like you know what you're talking about.
Lucky I'm strapped in.
I'm debating whether to throw in my tether as well.
That shit scares me.
past patterns have been bullish weds/thurs with final push Friday morning and then Friday afternoon sell off into the weekend
$7650 will be the new support while we fuel for the next stage.
(You) obviously did not take the mirrors down in your bathroom and bedroom.
like I told you to do.
You are not safe with that person in there looking back at you.
What's the ATH?
in binance 7770
YOU look like a FOOL, DON'T you.
4397227are you schizophrenic or something?
Brilliant Observation.
+3
who /shorting/ at 7700?
I'm sorry your mother was so promiscuous you never knew your Father.
It is not necessary to attempt to hijack this thread for the Attention you so desperately seek.
Cease and desist IMMEDIATELY, or wetworks will be notified.
shorting BTC>ever
Larp.
And any anons who are actually that much of a mongoloid always come back Pink Wojacking about how they got liquidated.
Man, it's right there.
You think we're going past it tonight?
7700You're a moron; 8k is the minimum new ATH that will happen b/w today and tomorrow night before Friday end of week closing trades bring us back to ~7500.
All bets are off for next week, could be fucking 12k by Tuesday or 6k by Wednesday, or both.
I really don't know, this shit is unpredictable, but I have a buy order lower, I don't want to buy at ATH.
FUXK I would kill myself if I held bch right now man
$ on HitBTCwut
Ya; kraken is lagging $200 bucks from other exchanges so once the arbitrage trades go through and then FOMO kicks in on the normie westerners tonight it'll be a blow off top
it should hit 11k sometime tomorrow morning with a entrancement back to 9K/9500 and finally settle in at 10k for the rest of the year
entrancementIt's called a retracement goddammit.k tomorrowYou're a fucking fool, that's like ~30% in one fucking day
Red Cucumber standing by...
Probably ZIMBABWE
Please make it stop.
F
7.7k wall is going down.
That went down easy.
We're going to 7.8k at least today.
BTC don't give a fuck
>mfw been 5x long on kraken since 5600
holy fuck 7700
Kek, just as I was thinking of selling
This is going to be a good weekend /biz/
krakenTheir site can't even fucking load during high traffic selling events like this.
Worst fucking exchange.
How much u fags got in bitcoin?
I'm poor so I only have $1200 worth
More like $7800
Yep it's terrible; but that just proves the servers are overloaded because the normies are moving in en masse.
Never a bad idea to have 1st hand experience of the majority of the (western) market
HAHA yeah I fat fingered that one and spell check got me, working from three computers very busy today... you comment gave me the best laughs good one!!
I have .91 in BTC.
Portfolio value of $8700 overall right now.
You don't deserve those digits pajeet
don't go past 11k, we have time
More like but boy Rama
Don't fuck with Rama.
I work with a guy named Rama, super smart he takes his name very seriously.
I once ask him about how he has a power first name and he responded I have many power names...shit got real
ayy lmaobitcoin classic, bitcoin unlimited and now bitcoin cash.
do you see a pattern?
(btw roger ver endorsed bitcoin unlimited, seemsgoodman)
Just noticed your post.
That is one fine Steeple Chaser.
My first one I name Brandywine.
When I was 12, I used to ride him bareback with a bozo 5 miles after school to baseball practice.
We jumped every fence and cattle guard we could find along the way.
Good times for a young lad in the 70's.
mfw my name is ShivaWanna know how many power names I have?
Million
New support 7k for fueling.
Then you know when I say BTC is going above 8k before Friday night you know it's basically the word of God
It's at $10k CAD!
nobody cares about monopoly money
CHECKED.
HOLY CELESTIAL TRIPS!
SHIVA JUST BLESSED BITCOIN!!!!!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
TOAST TO BE IN LEGENDARY BREAD!
PUT ME IN THE SCREEEEEEEEENCAP!!!
I would estimate 8K by 3 am est
what about 6650€?
pretty round number to me
have a (you)
Where you you when The Gods of Billions of Humans Blessed Bitcoin?
Yeah but end-of-week rallies are always weaker than Monday Funday rallies.Countin' mah stacks.
7810 on Bitfinex.
7800 binance, ATH
beautiful flag pattern on 15 min charts
3 hours til the gooks wake up to BTC at ATH
they gon sell or buy
I want to sell my bitcoin, about $1100 worthI bought it via coinbase, but I moved half of that over to Bittrex so I could trade shitcoins.I want to sell it all for USD on Bittrex and wait for a dip to buy back in.
Is this wise?
Should I sell my BTC for ETH or LTC instead?
When will 11k happen?
I'm waiting for Bitcoin to peak before using some to buy alts.
I really don't trust Tether to be honest.
Checked; guess we'll wait and see but my guess is low volume uptrend til Friday ~11 AM EST then people will start closing their weekly long positions.
If the gooks decide to buy instead of watch then all bets off the table.
Can Asian people feel greed?
JESUS FUCK LOOK AT THAT WALL!!!
check the EUR market guys
screenshot??
Damn... Trump's wall IS REAL!!
New support 7750 for fueling disregard earlier post.
My 2 year old Grandchild is over and it is sheer chaos in my study.
>can't even set a new athTOP FUCKING KEK BITCOIN PIG SHITS!
Alts are going to take the throne.
European Bitcoin Markets DO NOT LEAD American.
Vice Versa, Fool.
Never said they did, but it does influence it abit...
Even if that is a 1% bit *cough*
These dump attacks are sheer desperation of those no longer able to suppress the price of Bitcoin.
Pay these Scam Shills no mind.
Only a matter of time before you're dethroned.
Holy moly that last dump attack was absorbed quickly!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA!
FOOLS!
If it ever does happen, it DAMN SURE won't be by (you).
When they bury me, someone Else will Ascend The Throne.
God I wish I had bought more when it hit 5600 last week
Pretty bad it happened on the weekend, I couldn't inject any more money in.
How high could bitcoin really go?
What it's done to Alts?Bitcoin was the first.
No alts would exist in the first place if it weren't for BTC.
You do know what 'alt' stands for don't you?
The window of opportunity for that price was pretty small, and it was a scary time.
Those were the Dark Days before The Leader known as OLDFAGBIZTARD revealed himself.
Dark Days indeed.
BCH Wringwraiths were everywhere in the lanes and about the Pubs.
One satoshi will be worth $50 by Christmas
(you)
MOONS BABY
a good time for invest in Diamond (DMD)
Shill your coin in another thread, or you will have a date with Wetworks.
I think that was the top you guys.
Big double top on the daily chart now, I think we'll see 5k before we see 8k
Perfect, I need a chance to buy back in
Go flag forming, Fool.
Begone, shill.
What's your take for the ceiling on this?
there ain't no goddamn ceiling on this train
The meme triangle is forming...What do?
Also is this organic???
The go flag meme triangle is forming.
It is not me this time.
It is Organic.
Mind doing a quick TA so I can see what you're seeing?
I know flags.
That ain't it, that was a mini head and shoulders.
Volume drying up, buying interest is temporarily gone.I know you wanted a new ATH oldfag, but it's not happening tonight
Did I say it was happening tonight?
No.
The target is by Friday.
We are way ahead of my T and A for that happening at the moment.
That is why I said that potential for it happening tonight instead is high.
Newfag here.
Just sold a block today from April so I could diversify.
676% gains.
Your pic is relevant.
feelsgoodman
I am sorry, but time is very limited.
I am not fully retired, and am involved with some Situations that are very fluid atm.
Human Lives are more important than Bitcoin.
I think it's run up too fast too quickly, I think the crash is not done.
I think a new downtrend just started that will last a few days.We'll see who's right
Care to place Bitcoin on it, Sir?
No.
I'm a small fish, I can't afford to lose any more on bets.
If I'm wrong, I will lose money anyway because I actually did sell.
I stand by my FUDing lol
emphy goes on board
I'm batting .999 atm.
Shill it again in this thread, and I will destroy it before it exists.
NUL AND VOID AB INTIO.
got it?
Lol.
If this next 10 minute dip doesn't go below 7680, I concede and will buy back in.
That'll be a new higher low.
Not something to fuck with
You are my prophet
>guy gets credit for saying bitcoin will go upOkay lol /biz/ is officially worthlessHoly fuck what a cringe threadsage
If you don't break ATH now it's bye-bye man for BTC
Cursed 9 Trips.
Reddit pls go, and take your curse with you.
You will now die of AIDS in Seven Months.
Be Gone.
Fuck off cunt.
I made more on bitbean than you pretend to make on bitcoin swings.
We decide when ATH is.
I know Who you are.
All of you please leave and take these cursed trips with you.
They do not belong in this thread, and neither do you.
"You will Know them by their fruits".
Suck my dick retard you wouldn't be posting LARP thread if you had listened to me and bought PIVX at 1900 sat
I DRINK YOUR MILKSHAKE
Shouldn't you be sleeping, Lad?
I'm sure The Queens Men would be interested in what (you) are up to.
Should I contact Mr. Quaedvlieg again?
How are your Mates doing, Bogan?
You have committed a grievous error in judgement.
RIP.
Fuck off jack ass
Easy lads.
It is handled.
I'm gonna make a habit of calling out yor horseshit larp threads in the future cunt.
You're a new face here and I haven't seen you until bitcoin started busting 6k.
You're nothing.
I'll make you suck my cock and post it with a timestamp here.
Come on kid.
Do not under any circumstances joins discords posted in this thread.
The are wolves looking to separate you from the pack
HeySuck my cock larper>he can't even afford a 4chan pass and pretends to be le whale
Banhammer incoming.
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDSSSSSSSSS
You know your over the target when you start taking flak
I buy Bitcoin flak and fud and add it to my retirement account.
What are we doing?
Selling or waiting for gooks to wake up?
The go flag formation is slightly bent up at the tip, and not quite fully formed on the bottom.
This means we will have fluctuations around.
7450 for a couple of more hours before the actual go.
How did I do Oldfag?
Flawless, Grasshopper.
need to consolidate for a few hours, should hit the trend line and go up around 2300 hours
You all are learning.
But sometimes the Old Man decides its time to go without apparent visible T&A, so Stay Frosty.
And now, if you read between the lines, you will Make It.
"Bitcoin will go Super nova this Century, and be worth more than Diamonds."
Warning!
7777
Engine ignition.
Reee.
All of this is so interesting.
Thanks to everyone in this thread.
This is a fucking monster
This is nothing.
Until BTC market cap is at least a few trillions we haven't even started yet.
Told you to "Stay Frosty" The go signals will not always be the same.
Just seeing if you are on your toes.
This one was "Stay Frosty".
GOD FUCKING DAMN IT I DUMPED EVERYTHING FOR BITCOIN CASH
Oh boy
It’s just that this thing doesn’t behave in anyway you expect and that it only seems to be accelerating
For reference, if BTC ever reached the market cap of gold (assuming it would replace it) it would be worth 500k per BTCWe are only just getting started lads
Is this a code?
BSCD?
What could it mean?
I would probably have killed myself if it werent for bitcoin, just go up to 12k and all my loses are recovered, anything past that is in the green, fuck alts im never putting more than 1k in them at once ever again
Oldfag you seem like a really cool dude, if you can share any of that great knowledge/mentoring or if there is anyway I can help you let me know.gr33ngr33nblu3@protonmail.com
financial sovereignty from the impending fiat catostrophe
SHIIIIIT YEAH BABBBYYYYYY
TONIGHT WE FEAST IN VALHALLA!
fucking bid of 63 bitcoin at 7850 on bittrex
7865 in binance rn what the fuck, where is the dip?
listening to some TA nigger when believing in TA is like believing in a flat earth
I will be in contact as time permits.
I will include a coleseup of an ocular ballistic wound scars with a timestamp so you know it is me.
shorting this bitch short term
Careful.
Don't join The Stupid club.
As others on here can testify, many have come and "Gone".
fuck off you low IQ retard
aaaahahahaa
Larp.
Those who are no always come back with Pink Wojacks from being liquidated.
>didn't buy the dip
What is the ceiling on this guys????
RIP
Wetworks notified.
I'm guessing a little over 8k, its going up really fast and it has to stop sometime soon
k
has to stop
guess again
At this point, whatever Oldfag decides it is.
We are in His Reality now.
We have, Crossed The Event Horizon.
We are truly in The Twilight Zone.
Anything is possible.
I'm happy I FOMOED at 7770
I did the same fucking thing!
So nervous right now
10k is not that far away
Ik heb je anon
WHAT THE FUCK SHOULD I DO!!
BUYBUYBUY
oldfag pls be generous this time
 support for next leg.
wait for a slight pullback, after 8k but don't expect it to go much lower than lets say 200usd
it will hit 8000 very soon
8K on Bitfinex.
Acknowledged
BUY BITCOIN YOU STUPID TWAT
Support in.
ONWARD!
Groepsknuffel
DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT
BUY NOW FUCKER OR BE A LINKFAG
There is going to be no pullback as soon as it hits 8K it is liftoff
7985 we were so close
BITCOIN SHUTTLE, ALL SYSTEMS NOMINAL.
YOU ARE GO FOR ROLLOVER AND THROTTLE UP.
HOUSTON OUT.
Just opened a 100 btc put on 8100 $....
MYYYYY ALTSSS NOOOOOOOO
SECOND STAGE BOOSTERS FIRING.
SOMEONE WAKE UP THE GOOKS WE NEED HELP
I hope it goes over the observable power level.
I bought in and held at 3k.
Also bought the recent swing back towards 5k
BEGONE!
The Call was made 30 minutes ago.
You anon think there's a point that's good to sell out, then buy back in?
Any use predicting a dip?
SCREENSHOT OF INTERCEPTED COMMUNICATION TO ASIA
 new support for next leg.
The dip is now.
Sell.
Any ideas on what alts I should move my money into?
Theres always a surge once it pulls back from an ATH.
Cancel 7900 supportAbort.
Looks like the dinosaurs time has come.
I've gotten to a point where the bogs look good to me now, perhaps even ideal
Cancel 7900 support.
abort.
holy fuck lmao
Good, I bought at ATH, and now the dip is coming...
why would you do that senpai?
What's happening?
Why did it just drop $200 in 10 seconds?
Hope you went all in on pink wojaks
HST 3 new exchanges in november, partnership announcement in december.
no shit sherlock
I tried to buy a little lower but the shit keeps going up...
7775>checkedthis is how far 4tchan has fallen
We going back up
Sold all my pedocoin ETH for BTC the KING.
LONG LIVE THE KING!
TO THE MOON!
Stay poor Pajeets!!!!
I'm just gonna hold this shit, every time I sell it goes up.
This is /biz/ we are a little more lenient.
it's over isn't it?
how much do you think it'll dip?
AHHHHHHHHHHH WE'RE GOING DOWN.
ROGER IS BACK!!!!
ez game
4401736iron fucking hands

WAKE THE FUCKING CHINKS UPNOW!
JYew
admit that i was right and you were right as well, since, it did make new ATH
MOMMY MOMMY MAKE IT GO BACK UP MOMMY MAKE THE BAD MEN MAKE IT GO UP AND PAST 8K TONIGHT MOMMY
more importantly, are we going back to 8k soon or it's downhill for now?
yo why the fuck did LTC go up $7
that was the top.
New ATH was not sustained, essentially a false breakout
Damn I just made 100 btc plus...thanks for the money!
Hmu if you want some advice in trading!
dollar drop in 30 minutes
Going back soon.
Stay Frosty.
Means something slightly different.
Where can we learn the codes
I think it will go past 8k tonight, BTC already defeated the Bcash boogeyman and now it can rise in peace.
It will hit 10K soon anyways so keep it in and ride to the moon with us
It already did on bitfinex
miota, eos, power ledger will keep a steady rise after the btc rally
Nigga aint even a tripfag why do you faggots believe this piece of shit?
Think for yourselves you fucking sheeple
Am i stupid for not cashing out since i bought in at $2,500?
I simply just kept accumulating during dips.
I just dont want to end up with bitcoin crashing one day and realizing the money I once had in my hands to cash out
Potential on the first two.
Any rise in the third is a fake scam pump.
we are just getting started
/pol/ is that way---->Are you lost?
You guys pulled the Link scam on these people.
no, you're smart
You cant.
They are One Time Cyphers.
Groom your powers of Abstract Reasoning.
I just tired of pumping my own money when buying dips.
Would I really lose that much money cashing out 50% of my profits and reinvesting that during the dips instead?
Dreaded sleep time for me.
I'm too much of a pussy to setup up a stop limit over night.
4401863AAAAAAA WHOS RIGHT???
No.
I am Anon; and I'm here to call you out on bullshit.
Prove you are one guy; or surrender to being no different than I, shill.
With where this is going, you can do that and still make a killing.
you stole my palindrome you fucking nigger
Got it.
I already provided a timestamp for others.
It was then deleted.
You were not here then, so you are part of another board.
/pol/ I have already wasted more breath on (you) than I have any other Attention seeker trying to hijack the thread.
Please leave.
This is your only warning.
......2......1
You shouldn't declare war on God, anon.
Hubris is the worst sin.
RIP
F
Wetworks fears neither Man, nor God.
(You) are Man.
Goodbye.
You may be a big deal on your Designated Shitting Street, but in an Oldfag Thread, (you) are less than Nothing.
'Tis my Reality you are in, Lad.
he thinks there are fags older than I
Look lad.
I'm sorry your mother was so promiscuous that you do not know who your father is.
It is not necessary to hijack this thread for attention.
Run along now, I'm sure Mum has curry ready.
Mind the poo just there.
No.
Buyback.
ININININININININININ
Faggot.
I warned you faggots to buy BTC at $6,500.
All I got was abuse.
Trying to teach you retards is like sending a Nig to school.
You never going to learn.
Beat me.
The time of man has come to an end.
The time of apes has dawned.
Meme triangle again...
ready???
Two pennants = Double Accumulation.