Just increased my stack again by 30%Anyone still in?
In the near future, instead of using a third party, you’ll create your request directly on the blockchain which will enable a seamless payment experience.
This process carries a number of benefits:It will be cheaperIt will be more secure because you won’t share your financial informationIt will be easier to pay, thanks to the blockchain interoperability between the payee app and the payer appAnd this is just the beginning; Request builds upon this concept even further.Request works with every currencyRequest enables accounting in real timeRequest improves financial audit with smart algorithms on the blockchainMost interesting is the fact that Request allows machines to pay each other within a standard frameworkThe network consists of 3 layers.
The core layer includes the most fundamental smart contracts used to create and detect payment requests.
The extensions layer adds taxation and business rules.
Finally, the application layer allows financial organizations to access invoices and facilitate payments.The bottom line is that not only do we know how to implement such a process, but we have already created a working prototype.
Our team has been working on payment networks and blockchain since 2014, and we are backed by ING bank and the YCombinator which provide valuable advice.
To make it big you have to take risks about which coins you think have upside potential.
I'm willing to risk it all on this one.
I literally went all in and am in the top 100 hodlers.
I don't see any better coins out there for several reasons:>Professional team - doesn't fuck around trying to create false hype like OMG, but are instead doing regular updates and recognise the need to be on more exchanges even though they believe DEXs are the future.
They also stated that anyone could DM a team member if they had questions/concerns about the project.>They already have a product and clients - check out moneytis.com, the team has stated that they all clients currently using moneytis will be transferred over to request.
They have also stated that no more time is being spent on moneytis, all time is being spent on request.>Their project is needed.
This is auto auditing and accounting, and opens up a whole new way to pay, rent and get paid using continuous invoicing.
Think about if you're on a salary at work, then every second more money will be going into your account, and money will be coming out for rent, electricity, phones, car repayments, etc.
You won't have to worry about getting large bills and finding the money.>They have a roadmap on how to get companies and governments to use their platform to port their tax systems over to through incentives bounties and taking a large cut of the fees ran through the contracts they create.>They are backed and funded by ING and Ycombinator and they aren't able to tell us the details of either partnership as of yet.>A portion of the tokens used as fees are burnt, and they have stated their will be an opportunity for staking after plasma/casper are implemented.People get rich by backing companies with good fundamentals from ground zero.
I feel like I've got a good chance to make a very good return on this and am going to try and take it all the way.
Feel free to think differently.
Where can you actually buy REQ?
How do you know what exchanges have it?
Honestly, you guys have no clue.
You don't even know how big REQ will be.
By this time next year, your life will change dramatically, and for the better.All you have to do is keep holding.
And buy more, while you can.
These prices are a gift, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
We found out about this way too early.
It will be so surreal when you start seeing this in advertisements on television, and on fliers in banks, and when you hear famous news anchors mention it by name.You will feel a genuine sense of pride.
This is what it looks like to buy in the early stages, before it's on anyone else's radar.
This is what it looks like to do your due diligence.
This is what it means to invest in a big thing before it's big.
You will make it.
Why are you spoon feeding the pajeet?
Pls stop this else we will keep getting dumped every time this thing moves up 10% as the pajeets will cash out to buy more curry for their 20 kids.
The Network payment ideais great, but you don't need the token to utilize it.
And therefore it should be worth zero.
Just stop this is not btc
I might let you buy some REQ at $1 when you succumb to FOMO
Btw, REQ is getting listed on bigger exchanges within the next 2 weeks.
what do you expect its price per token would be by eoy 2018?
If you are lucky it might be above Ico.
it's still low enough anon, you dont have to fud just yet.
you can still accumulate
Someone explained the necessity of the tokens in the other thread you're fudding in and you responded>lol they had to write that in the WPFuck off pajeet
a small part of me thinks that the pajeet gets paid every (you)s he gets which is kinda annoying.
i just gave him 8 cents, enough to feed his family for a day.
fuck.
What exchange is it on now?
there is announcement today, its friday update time.
prepare
if you type the name of the coin on google, followed by the word "coinmarketcap", you can find more information about the coin, including a comprehensive list of active markets for this coin.Now, keep in mind, this weird "trick" doesn't work just for REQ.
No, you can do the same exact type of google search for any other altcoin.Use this power wisely anon.
Thanks my man
4280185Check coinmarketcap for all exchanges.
A few are Binance, Liqui, EDEveryone else.
Delet!
This is our coin, we don't need more faggots
this shits gonna fly
Dumped my bags slightly above ico.
Finally free.
Kys you shilling shit pajeets.
Mods should seriously ban Indian IPs for like a day just to see what happens.
I'd bet 90% of FUD disappears.
This guy is the only smart one here.
Quite funny how my ID is pink - since I JUSTed myself recently by selling my stack of 600 REQ before it started mooning.>pic related - me contemplating ending it all for good.
600>"stack"just buy it back anon, there's still time
4280249Don't rebuy now.
Way too early, this shit is falling right now
The quality of this board would go up 10 fold.
No one likes the pajeets.
I live in a bad neighborhood and have been mugged 4 times by niggers and I still hate pajeets more.
Guys don't spoon feed these pajeets
what shit garbage coin is this
nothing for you brainlet.
move along.
Half the fags in here are saying to buy, half are saying wait.
What do?
dont speak like that to your god I can make your shitcoin dissapear 2
Sell it if you're up a good amount.
You can see people holding request is fucking deluded as fuck.
Listen, do you want to become link and coss bag holders?
Then keep holding request then
If you are holding for the long term, buy now, the entry price wont matter.
If you are looking for a mid term flip then try to target at least lower than 19k wei/810 sats
Short term - speculation, could dip further, no one knows.Long term - tremendous upside potential.I am in balls deep.
Probs dips a bit further but I'm not risking to sell now.
Don't want to miss this moon mission
lol fuck off you're just a pre pubescent pajeet who licks curry off penises
No product before years, move from this token
That "dip" is a joke - news today, easy x1.5
I already sold 65% of my stack because I don't believe request will offer any good new unfortunatly
and you are a virgin talking to other virgins trying to trade your 1 btc worth of garbage on 4chan lmao xd nice life
The orderbooks have had fuck all action, did you only have like 20k req lol
Short term is no speculation, short term is only one way and that's down.
What does REQ have right now?
A whitepaper, and some github coding.
Not bad - is that 40M worth?
No way, deluded pajeets.Long term - is the only speculation.
Plenty of competition, why should REQ be the winner?
Devs have to deliever the idea and after all this random shit, it also needs Plasma or sth like that to handle the crazy amounts of TNXsSo i guess this coin is like going into a casino and betting everything you got on the number 0.
I sold mine within the rally, knew it would hit 1000 sats and go back down.
I move to lightning
to be fair i'd rather be a virgin than have my curry ass railed by my indian uncles lol lmao xd nice life
raidenfuck off pajeet with this fucking meme
I love you too, i want kids with you
They have a good team with previous startup experience, backed by YC and ING.
They also have a concept on par of what OMG has, with both coins having different use cases.You dont value shit in crypto based on whitepaper and github coding only, look at the broad picture and see if what they are trying to do solves a real world problem and is actually useful in a blockchain setting.
Does Request check both?
Abso-fucking-lutely.
If you dont see the potential here I pity you.>Plenty of competition, why should REQ be the winnerLast time I checked, Monetha and OMG are the only serious competition, and if you read the WP, you will see REQ differentiates itself from the competition.
4279926Anon, how much REQ is enough?
Will I make it with 100k?
Are you thinking 4-6x or 10-20x?
Or even bigger?!
You're going to get burned so hard...
This is a LINK status token here.
I'm only interested in the opinion of people who can have an educated conversation.
If you just want to hate go for it.
Rent free?
Just saying its going to go down more in price
4281112>Speaking an educated conversation, shilling about 10-20xpajeets are getting worse and worse
yeah 100k makes it, once they are a big player in the market and the tokens are burned up via transactions, the marketcap will drop down as low as 50-100mil supply, making REQ token worth over $100.
pajeets here too stupid to invest longterm even when long term is only 4-5 fucking years.
These tards will never make it, I can be patient.
REQ is still below ICO while Raiden is already 2x of ICO
Nearly every ICO is up right now fromt the last dipsRaiden, Confi, Ripio.Except REQ.
Lol.
I sold 120k REQ from ico at 135k mETH and throwed it to bitpetite.
2 days later they closed.
You are but a noob in the realm of pink.
raiden is needed for the ethereum networkAlso the ico price of raiden was very low.
m8 zoom outREQ is up like mad from 5 days ago>but its not over ICO anymoreso?
i bought below ICO :^)
Buy more --> avarage down --> whales are accumulating --> it's just a heatlhy correctiondeluded pajeets.Once again, i will repeat this the whole day.
And only today.
REQ has NOTHING so far.
A fucking whitepaper / yellowpaper and some coding stuff.
Exactly.
This is when you buy.
When its low.
Deluded pajeet.
I've increased my stack too.
I now hold 100k.
OMG doesn't have a blockchain yet, Lisk doesn't have its SDK yet, Iota is still centralized, XRP isnt useISNT IT FUCKING OBVIOUS THAT PEOPLE INVEST IN POTENTIAL AND NOT JUST CURRENT PRODUCTobsessed Fudder with most replies in this thread baka you dumb nigger
finally got called a pajeet for really fucking loving a coin.
The state of /biz/ is calling everything a scam and everyone a pajeet.
Maybe we're just spreading the potential.
All of crypto is potential right now, may as well aim HUGE
LOL you have buy thinair
Everything has potential with that logic.
You could Invest in pepecoin and dogecoin, might aim Yuuuuuge right?Or even better go into the casino.
There you know your odds at least.
Yuuuge Potential with x36
What is the best shitcoin:Chainlink or Request ?
best shitcoin is Bitcoin
I understand why some people here jump to calling others retards.
Those coins you mentioned don't have potential.
REQ has real potential.
A great idea, extremely broad use cases with a realistic roadmap to get there.
Legit silicon valley backing and ING, one of the largest banks in the world.
Nothing is a guarantee but I'll bet on the smart team focused on a huge industry.
This isn't ANOTHER decentralized exchange or game coin or generic vtc/ltc clone.
so when is the news coming today?it better be earth shattering
Who said you were allowed to use the computer?
Request is the first token I've accumulated 100k tokens of.Just curious though, if it keeps burning from transactions, wouldn't that just mean people will be less likely to use REQ for transactions, as it's so relatively expensive??
BCH has reached it's peak, and BTC has reached it's floorScreencap and prove me wrong later
lol, pajeets are getting so desperate they are losing their control over the English language.
If it can be broken down to 18 decimal places then you can charge for a fraction of a coin so that would take a very long time.
Just my opinion.
It has 18decimals.
The burning ratio will be adjusted and it doesn't matter how cheap or expensive one token is, since you can pay with 0,000001 REQ too.
I don't need any permission to use it, not like you, where your whole pajeet family is in queue to use the only computer in town.I understand the potential.
But this will be a slow, slow and one more slow increases.
Wont moon from one Touch another day.
And the time in the crypto world is limited, depends how much you wanna waste in REQ for it.
basically what these guys are trying to tell you, the burning will stay at a relatively stable $ value so if the token shoots up in value a lower amount will be burnt.
until you are burning 0.000000001 per token or however low it gets.
WHERE CAN I BUY THIS?
binance, etherdelta
Thanks again weak handed cucksI sure am sad I sold and made 35% profit in other coins by the time you broke even
bought 3.5k yesterday