This coin is in its final rest stop before the moon mission tomorrow to 3500+ satoshis3000 will be broken within hours.
You missed our warnings earlier, but it's not too late
Somebody give me a rundown on the conference and when its happening
https://medium.com/@joeykeeton/the-new-trading-economy-of-loopring-60eaeed77610Conference is the 21st.Whitepaper for NEX is tomorrow.
sleeping giant
this coin is back on trackif you didn't heed my warning earlier you are forgivenif you panic sold tie a loop noose around your loop neck
Is this the next powr ledger?
looking like it, they're in talks with NEO
this has been rather healthy for a pump.
I think we're in another hour or two we'll be stable over 290
Too late to buy?
the conference is what we're waiting for and that's tomorrowit's going another 20% at least
Daily reminder that the only reliable, consistent cryptocurrency investment is Bitcoin.
and there we arejust blew past the (fiat) ATH
Segwit Censorship Blockstream Core Fee Market Bitcoin or Satoshi's Vision Digital Peer-to-Peer Bitcoin Cash?
the last significant buy walls are at 3200if we break those we may really be in for a nuclear launch
fuck I have school tomorrow but I'm rock hard from this uptrend
Is this still going up?
What is the news from NEO that I missed?
last chance to load up before we moon past 320
Glad I didn't buy.
Can see this coin getting dumped on Binance.
Can any anons fill me in on whats happening with this coin and NEO?
Cant find too much on google about it.
Seems like a good one to pick up after the dump
some retard said this when it dumped to 260in 8 hours another retard will say this again when it dumps to 320
Easy does it anon.
I will buy in when it looks like the bottom.
I bought it anon.
I will be coming on the moon mission.
You did well.
Anyone not coming on board is clearly a retard
AHHHH IT'S CRASHING QUICK PANIC SELL AHHHHH
It is awkwardly dipping though.
Don't fail me now /biz/
I bought previously at its ath a month ago and was worried, back in now I guess
OwOnow is your chance!
buy in!
I have brought great dishonor here with this reccomendationhowever if there is no oppurtunity for you to not sell at a loss in the next 48 hours I will commit ritual seppuku and livestream it
People are just taking profits.
I was temptet too when it hit high.
Guess it's back to buying the dip.
when is announced ?