Why the fuck isn't this doing anything?
run by a woman>dev team cant even manage a livestreammuh worldwide supercomputer kek
when it was 0.1 cents and ethereum was 50$ I bought a few as my first altcoin.
Told myself this was fun.If the team keeps fucking on like this I will be at loss even after all the March - June hype.FML
The founder and CEO is Julian Zawistowski
Because there is nothing happening at the moment?
It's all just building for the real moment?
investing in Polandcoins
This is pretty much the time to buy, if you're going to buy.
Why does /biz/ always wait to buy until after shit moons?
Is there an actual reason though why this coin is always sitting around 20 cents?
Looking for actual answers, thanks.
I remember reading something about premined stuff but i cant rememeber.
cool thanks for nothing you fucking morons
Because it's vapor ware at this point.
Once they release a functional product people might give a shot
4430716>Is there an actual reason though why this coin is always sitting around 20 cents?Because it's just not an exciting concept.
How about that for a reason, newfag?
The "pre-mine" as you called it was 18%.
Not too egregious but not insignificant either.
Either way, it's been over a year since ICO.
There are much more exciting projects going on right now.
the roadmap is 8 fucking years.
newfag lol, how about you eat my crusty asshole pajeet.
shit coin
Because they are months behind on their road map.
As if that makes a difference.
Few projects have released anything anyone can use.
dumped this shit awhile ago and was happier for italso, get off shittrex.
binance, bitch
tfw can't take withdraw from bittrex until i verify
It makes a world of difference.
Golem was supposed to be a huge project, like top 5 in crypto, but they're ridiculously late on everything, like 6 or more months behind on their roadmap, and way overhyped.
That's why nobody is touchng this.
binance>bittrexThe order still goes;1.
Gdax and Gemini, Korean fiat exchanges2.
Poloniex, shittier fiat exchanges3.
Shitcoin gamble exchanges like Yobit and Bittrex.
m8 show me a project that isn't overhyped.
lets trade these shitcoins but don't pretend they got their by anything other than manipulation.
lmfao what the fuck is this?
poloniex is literally the worst exchange, even worse than fucking yobitCoinbase/Bittrex/Binance/Cryptopiaonly 4 good exchanges you'll ever need
ETH is valued appropriately.Cryptopia>Bittrex>how to spot a fucking newfagI bet you bought your first coins this year too.
because no companies need it.
It's shit guys.
Cut your losses and buy XMR, LTC and NEO instead.
I think Cryptopia is worth using for hitting on lesser known coins.
I made about 1 BTC getting in early on Neblio.
Obviously it's a risky exchange because you can't set limit sells but if you want to make money on some shitcoins it comes in handy.As for Bittrex, I just find its UI nicer than Binance.
I'm also pretty disappointed about how Binance handled the REQ situation, so I avoid it.
golem cannot into moon
this