This is the battleplan:>miners mining BTC at a loss, fooling everyone into thinking things are running fine>while doing this, they are slowly dumping their massive BTC reserves onto corecucks in the $7000s>all this mining power will cause BTC's difficulty to adjust higher in two weeks>all the miners switch to BCH and start pumping it>BTC starts losing value as people notice the fees and transaction times have become absurd again>this causes even the anti-BCH miners to switch because mining BTC will become too unprofitable>BTC enters what is known as chain death, the entire blockchain freezing and becoming unusable>flippeningIn the short term, this means you may want to consider selling your BCH and rebuying later, because the plan is to basically let it slowly bleed for the next couple weeks.
However, if you don't want to risk missing the moon mission, just hold.
I have no btc or bch so I have no bias.This is retarded and you should feel bad about you and your retardation.
i am only holding BCH right now and this is retarded
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7d02ee/some_thoughts_about_the_possible_bitcoin_segwit/Some real shit connections going on.
Am I in a dream?
i am only holding BCH right now and this is retardedLook who's actually retarded for holding BCH kek
deluded cashies
43910474391068 satoshi has been deposited to your (((blockstream))) shill wallet
>still not admitting that you bought a worthless P+D shitcoin

MUH HIGH TRANSACTION FEES!
NOT LIKE THIS!
NOT LIKE THIS!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
This is exactly what happens, just like that guy on youtube pointed out its a negative feedback loop.>Price of Bitcoin drops (bound to happen eventually for whatever reason)>Miners leave for more profitable coins while waiting for difficulty adjustment which takes forever with BTC.>They leave to BCH, where the mining difficulty is much more reasonable.>Transaction fees and times skyrocket from lack of hashrate, everyone starts selling Bitcoin for alts and the loop begins again.
man oh man i hope you guys actually hodl
but until then you can cuck wallstreet by holding BTC, as they cannot allow the price to fall below the hashing equilibrium point.
They will keep pumping this every time that's about to happen.
When it does happen though;Get the fuck out or freeze.
this stage of grief is called denial
miners mining BTC at a loss, fooling everyone into thinking things are running fine>>while doing this, they are slowly dumpingThese both literally and factually happened in BCH, but you didn't see it as an existential threat then did you?
Even though that market is tiny in comparison.
4391187the corecucks, they cry out when afraid
implying we're afraid
wall street is on btc now, its unbeatable.
their money is beyond anything any crypto crew of nerds could imaginetake the loss and move on
AAHAHAHAH
implying the ultimate plan isn't to unload our bags on wall street
kill yourself you fucking fudderhttps://cash.coin.dance/blocks
why not both
much more than wallstreet, like  points out in their leddit link, the (((globalists))) have taken control of bitcoin via (((blockstream))).
anyone who thought they would let control of the world financial system slip away from them is a naive brainlet, they've already taken control.
BCH is our best shot at restoring Satoshi's vision and ousting (((them)))
Exactly.
Selling all your BTC is idiotic, selling all your BCH is also retarded.Not hedging Bitcoin chains with some altcoin (ETH,XMR,...) is beyond autistic.
I can't justify a use case for 1mb blocks
deluded NEETs
God you people are pathetic losers.
This was just the beginning.
Test the waters.
To see how the enemy reacts.Next time there will be zero mercy
Wont bitcoin crashing kill every other crypto?If biggest coin, known even by normies is worthless then why should anybody trust it
i make stupid business decisions and back shitcoins, this is the jews' faultthank god you /pol/tards are so shit with money or else you might actually be dangerous
oy vey, don't be dangerous to our agenda goy!
You're the kind of chess player that can't even see 1 move ahead, nor even imagines there is such a thing as seeing or planning for more than is right in front of you.
Imagine being this retarded and desperate?
It’s quite sad really.
If you come at the king, you best not miss.
And BCH missed, and you’ll forever have eternal bags.
I had a similar understanding of the situation,glad we are all on the same page.
I sold my BCH just before this btc rally and intend to buy back soon.
Any particular date I should aim for anon?
A time traveler recorded your song from the future and uploaded it to youtube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU
BTC's difficulty will adjust higher in approx.
two weeks, but it changes depending on blocks mined, so check periodically.
as soon as that happens, Jihadi Jihan and his crew will /activate it/
it's just not going to happen
how do people not realize how significant is the news that the Chicago exchange will list a cache-settled BTC futures?
I have a lot more hedges than just the BCH I bought at $300 but I can't wait for BTC to explode so that numale faggots who bought BTC at $2000 and beyond go back to playing with dildos.The cryptospace was much better in 2013
Who gives a shit about normies it's not like they were putting anything in anything else than BTC anyway.
losing the normies due to losing BTC won't affect the marketcap of other coins to any big degree.Money will follow value and value lies in utility tokens with market disrupting effectiveness gains in many traditional economic sectors, as well as the blockchain and currency used for information transfer.A lot of people are behaving as if crypto is just a bubble, just currencies, but it's not.
There is a lot of value in blockchain technology for almost anything.
Yeah man I was into cryptos before it was cool too.
Not a shill.
Just not interested in getting involved in the civil war.
I'm a keen observer though and the flippening is the most retarded thing I can imagine.
speculation is all over next year when the debt resets, youll want real money then
yes but people see right through it now but i suppose dynamic thinking is too hard for cash cucks
Price of Bitcoin drops (bound to happen)Dangerous assumption.
Bitcoin should have never gotten beyond 1k to start with, this entire rally is propped up by bitfinex tether shenanigans.
They artificially raised the price from 1k to 7k, they can raise it from 7k to 50k just as well.