www.t.me/pumpnotifiergroup I connect people with money.
If you have over $50,000 to invest with join our group.
We are connected with so far three other pump groups with a total of 15 million dollars.
Look at how we did the storj pump the other day.
you see there's a specific way we do this okay it's not a way to do this via pajeet or anything.
I own a news media Outlet so I make the news go viral and then we have the pump groups pump the coin so it goes up so as the news is going viral in the coin is going up we get normies to buy into the coin we only do this with coins with good technology like sto RJ or factom or othersDo you like this idea?
I've made 47000 in the last 2 days go much have you made?
No drama let's make money
Prove it.
What's next coin
Join these fucking nuts in your mouth, bro.
No, but in all seriousness though, what's the deal?Don't just advertise your shit
Hello it's me again on a different random ID.
I can tell you the plan yes the plan is I own a news media Outlet where I make news go viral.
This has to be about good technology and good coins.
So after I get it about 15,000 views for the new story then we shovel it to the pump groups so they can do their thing I'm currently in touch with for pump groups 15 million to 30 million dollars.
So we will get them on board and then the news has already gone viral so it's being shoveled to normies to buy the coin and we have already pumped it on the back and making it look like it's going up so the normies putting their money
Factom
uh factom is getting its shit pushed in like all the other alts.
Factom still a good buy?
What news site do you own?
Prove you are not just another fake.Encrypt a message containing the following info:- coin that will be pumped- date/time the pump will start- sell targetsPost the encrypted data here.
After the pump is complete, post the private key so your message can be verified.Do this and I'll put $50k into your next target.
hi OP!
I have $50 saved from my allowance to invest!
can I join your group?
mommy and daddy bought me a chromebook!
Can I store my crypto on it?
although I'm supposed to be using it for homework...