Shill me this coin, I've read the white paper, I've watched severals videos, and the explanation of the secure nodes.This shit can't go lower.
I'm wondering if I should ALL IN (5BTC)Shill it to me
This coin seems to be very unknown.
With 50m marketcap and such a big project.
It has never been shilled on biz.Is that a good point?
It has never been shilled on biz.Wrong.
Nav is the better ZenCash, and they're neck and neck in terms of market cap.
With a ton of forthcoming features and a devteam that's super active (github, discord, slack), I think you wanna go NAV over ZenCash.
It'a a tough cookie, buddy.
>Mining difficulty is fucking impossible right now, I used to be able to get 4+ a week off of three 1070s, now it's barely over 1.>I can see this going to Zcash price levels but not anytime soon.
https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@haejin/zen-cash-zen-usd-target-usd44-and-then-usd80-273-profit-potential-zen-btc-target-0-0065-btc-140-profit-potential
why would i buy nuls over zencash protip you cant tell me
OH SHIT I was doing some AT I saw that triangle.
And I was wondering if it was good or not.And then.
I re opened my 4chan thread, and I'm seeing the same triangle in this websiteEnough for me, this is a fucking sign I'm going all in
Can somebody explain the difference between all of the Z/Zen prefix cryptos?
eg.
ZCash, ZCoin, ZClassic, ZenCash, Zen Protocol?
Zero-Knowledge .... You know...
Anonymity
fuck this shit im selling all my zencash for nuls cya fags later
nuls has a private chain and better anonymity anyways
I got some of ZEN when it got listed on Tradesatoshi, it was really cheap on those days, lot of speculation and miners who dumped really cheap, i was able to accumulate a big sum and now im waiting for the pump
PLEASE SELL IT TO MEI'm trying to put all my BTC in this coin but THERE IS NO FUCKING SELL ORDER REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sell me your Zencash RIGHT NOW PLEASE I don't wanna push this to 0.003 while buying inso, DO IT put your sell order (hoping that it isn't going to be a fucking 0.10 btc sell order)
there are no breaks on the nuls train
ok but what's the difference between all of the coins
Zencash is the best one and is introducing secure nodes
Trusted setup, no thanks.
nuls is actualy superior