WHy is it dipping
dipping?
it's crashing.
get out while you can.
Correction to $2200
Take refuge in Bitcoin Cash
the weekend dip
People start realizing btc is actually a shitcoin and there's too much drama going on.2018 bitcoin back to 2k.
unusable for normal transactions>no plausible future for scaling>sell off for Bitcoin Cash and a little fiat.
correction is long due.
being a whole week in the 7000's made people complacent.
looking back, who would have guessed we'll get this high so soon?
It's just natural for it to go down now, just take a look at the daily chart.
Climbed up too fast, a pullback only makes sense.$4500 at the extreme low end' $5,500 at the extreme high end.
Probably will find a nice area around $5,000 give or take as a mental barrier support/resistance area.
MAKE IT STOP
>Bitcoin's months-long rise was "too fast">But Bitcoin Cash's single-morning skyrocket of 30%+ is "IT'S HAPPENING"Why is biz so fucking retardedJust buy the dip and HODL.
It's not going below $6500.
It's what Bitcoin does.
You must be new.
I'm HODLing.
We're still on for $10k
Where/what exchange can I short BTC?
With no survivor.
because bitconnect is shutingdown.bitconnect dies bitcoin dies
desperate
This.I also remember when the retarded mouth breathing normie crowd sentiment towards BTC was extremely bearish back in March, and what do you know it rallied strongly.
Now suddenly that BTC climbed to rediculous highs way too fucking fast all these normie retards are now all of the sudden extremely bullish on BTC, which means its time for a pullback and to leave these idiots holdings their bags.
Always remember, most people are mouth breathing retards, especially when it comes to trading/investing, and the overall crowd sentiment is generally always WRONG.
/thread
This.
BTC is up 2k in one month and people are saying the sky is falling because of a minor pullback.
Stay poor.
BTC will hit 10k again, no problem.
No one here is talking about that shitty meme Bitcoin Cash.
Nice strawman though.
Where do you think this cash skyrocket is coming from, you tard?
People are pumping bitcoin cash by pulling out of bitcoin, and once they get their profit they'll buy the bitcoin dip back again.
But, by all means, go ahead and be a bagholder for the chink coin
FOMO normies drove the cost up.
Whatever market capital they added will float around since they are too dumb to figure out how to convert to fiat.
I feel like the normie zerg rush started around April this year when value was around $2-2.5k.
I wouldn't be surprised if it goes lower than $4.5k, but I agree with you for the most part.
Because of pic related.
Let me know when you can seamlessly buy real assets with BTC like real estate, cars and boats before we talk of 10k+ before years end.
I'm not saying 10k is impossible, far from it, but BTC needs a lot of growing to do before we can talk of hitting those prices anytime soon.As of right now, BTC climbed to $7,500 so sharply because of the Hardfork potential of free coins and money.
Now that the Hardfork nonsense is over, its going to correct to its real value.
Whoever bought at 7500 had a lot of time to move to Ethereum or bch or any other alt already
BTC skyrocketed because of the potential for free coins/money during the Hardfork bullshit.
The Hardfork crap is over with for now though and so a correction to its real value is fast approaching.
Yeah.
Plus the Bitcoin episode of Norman's favourite programme "BigBangTheory" is doing a BTC episode next week.
20,000,000 Normies watch that show.
If 10% of them invest after that we'll see a decent push.
Remember Normies function off of what they see on TV to give them thoughts.
Most can't even figure out Plebbit.
We're going to make it
Just think about it logicallyBitcoin and Bitcoin Cash are virtually identical and in direct competitionOne rises, so the other has to sink
False considering BTC is still $1000+ higher than where it was a couple weeks ago.
The dip is over at this point, and it will climb slowly from here until the next moon trip.
You try to push this narrative so hard, but the numbers don't support it.
There have been several real estate transactions executed in BTC already.
I agree that real world use has to pick up for BTC to sustain these levels long term, but I think it will do so, especially because the test-case of BTC use in countries where the fiat currency has gone to shit is playing out exactly as BTC proponents have claimed from the beginning.
Oh fuck, thanks for the heads up.
Lol I guess the producers of the show bought in at its ATH and needs normies to now carry their bags,
nah the show will just reinforce the idea that Bitcoin is risky and a stupid investmentas for the sheltered people who have never heard of Bitcoin that will be exposed to it, there's no way they are going to blindly invest in it after a crappy sitcom episode
BAZINGA MOTHERFUCKERS
BTC can eat through $1000 bucks like a fat kid at McDonalds.
Its only been slipping these past few days, were not anywhere near the bottom and the fundamentals back it up like talks of central banks in China and India rolling out stern regulations and/or outright bans of BTC and crypto exchanges.
there's no way they are going to blindly invest in it after a crappy sitcom episodeI think they will.
Unless the show totally shits on bitcoin (which I doubt they will -- I think the show's creators try to maintain some nerd-street-cred and probably think it's contrary to that ethos to shit on bitcoin), the extra exposure can only help
No one is 100% sheltered from Bitcoin anymore.
being this fucking retardedShut the fuck up.
The mind programming has begun...
everybody knows about bitcoin>ATH was around $8k>BTC currently bleeding outreally made me think
China>bans of BTCWhat is this, the 10th time this has happened?
I'm fucking anxious right now, when is it the time to buy?
6k?
5k?
Or right now?
>ITT all bagholders shilling their respective shit
Yeah exactly, thats the point idiot, more normies bring more volatility.
They buy at the ATH and the first red candlestick they see triggers them to immediately dump their entire holdings.
Most people are not cut out for trading.
It's a dip, you're supposed to sell.
You haven't heard of the phrase BTFD?!
Buy Bitcoin Cash immediately.
It will have fully replaced Bitcoin worth by June.
Some normies will actually invest in BTC, sure, but the more important point is that more mainstream exposure will increase use cases and just normalize the idea of digital currency so gradually more people are willing to use/accept it.
That's why Amazon acceptance would be huge.
BCH is king
They buy at the ATH and the first red candlestick they see triggers them to immediately dump their entire holdings.Most will probably use coinbase and can't even fucking sell for a week
Buy high>Sell low
/biz/ is one person
Yeah, pretty much, its still developing so we will see what their final stance will be, but one thing for sure is they are not happy about it and China does it everything in its power to stop money from leaving the country, including pouring money into overseas real estate like Sydney and Vancouver.We also now have India doing the same too, they just announced their own possible regulation/ban of crypto just a few days ago.
You obviously have no idea what developments are being unveiled to BTC in the next 6 months.
I hope the price drops in the meantime because I want to buy the dip before what's in development is released.
There is some awesome stuff being made right now.
Just you wait until you see it!
My GOdI cant believe this is the only thing that can redeem us from total JUST
It went up by a factor of 45.
If you didn't expect a massive correction after that you're a dumbass.
Can't say for sure this is the massive correction but its coming.
It will at least drop by a factor of 5 and the bear market will last at least a year when it does come.
Sure, thats long long term shit though.
I'm talking about from now until the start of 2018.
10k+ is definitely possible, but not in the near term.
BTC has a lot of growing to do before that.
You can buy that stuff with btc here and I live in the third world AKA Uruguay
one has segwit >the other has 9 blocks in 14 hours, 1kb total transactions per block, and the potential to bloat beyond controlHmm, yea, identical, even the price...Anyway Bitcoin cash is a joke, it is not a scaling solution.
Its a block-size increase without segregated witness.
Its all the bad parts of the canceled fork without the hard fought benefit of segwit (positioning the network for rootstock, schnorr signatures, and lightning network).
What I am trying to say, is that if you are shilling your 'facts' are transparent lies, and if you actually believe that shit, do some fucking research before you get shafted.
You are retarded.
Kill yourself
How does one dump 20 or 30 entire coins in a single transaction?
bitcoin will go down under $10, yes a 99% fall from hereall governments will put their own currency on a blockchain, BTC will have nothing to do with it
I am long term bullish on Bitcoin and have been for a long time.
I'm just saying a pullback to its real value is a due in the near term (like right now) due to it being temporarily inflated because of the hard forks.
This is your first Bitcoin bubble.
You might honestly kill yourself after realizing you aren't intelligent for buying at $4k.
Should have got in sub $1k bud, you literally had years to do it.
MY BITCOINS AND MY ALT COINS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'll tell you what it is.
When news about the rise hit coinbase had an explosion of accounts.
But those take at least a week if not more to process.
Those are all now starting to go active with their coins.
The spike was all of those sells going through, but hanging out in limbo land.Now that they can move they are going into vertcoin.
The good ol' buy high sell low
Ah yes, coming in with the always-helpful advice you can only follow with a time machine.
People who bought at 4k are still gonna make it, anon.
God I wish, those are some cheap bitcoins.
not if they don't sellthere is a very good chance BTC never, and i mean never, sees these prices agian
BTC will never reach 2k high again!>BTC will never reach 4k high again!>BTC will never reach 6k high again!Yeah, a good chance we'll never see $7500 again.
You could have just looked at the charts and seen what was coming.
The charts have been here for years.
They are not time machines.
i've lived through a couple of massive asset bubbles, they always end the same way with 95% of people getting BTFOnewbs always think it's different, do what you want though
this
it just went below 6500/biz/ analytics
You said people should have bought at 1k.
Duh, but they can't now.
That was my time machine point.
This dip won't go below 4k, so people who bought at 4k are still in the black.
I'm not doubting your experience.
But in your years you've never experienced anything quite like this crypto bubble; the "will never hit that price again" assumption is the classic crypto blunder.
Orly
I only had $500 worth that I bought 2 weeks ago but I just used it all on WalMart giftcards.. Lost like 10% value :\
Correction to AT LEAST 5K
what is a correctionFucking retards, every time it corrects you guys have absolutely no fucking clue, it's the same EVERY FUCKING TIME.
While I agree that holding is the safest method for BTC, it will go lower than 6500$.
5000$ is a good support level because of 0.618 Fib Retracement and when it will reach that, EMA 150 will also be about the same level.
This has worked the past two times that bitcoin corrected hard.
Just look it up if you don't believe me.
Or don't and stay poor.
I hate every single one of you degenerates.
already below 6.5k>not expecting it to crash to 5k
I think I'll buy at 5.5-5.8k and wait for it to go up again
I'm balls deep in BTC, but 10% is an absurd estimation.
1 in 10 people will not buy BitCoin because it was referenced in a TV show they watch.
Of the few that do invest as a result of hearing about it through that show, the amounts they have to spare will be piddling.
FUCK GUYS I PUT MY FUCKING 401K INTO THIS GOD DAMN COIN LAST WEEK WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS BULL SHIT.
AND ALL MY ALT PORTFOLIOS ARE DOWN TOO AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The amount of people crying "IT WONT BACK DOWN EVEN THOUGH THIS IS REGULARLY WHEN IT'LL COME BACK DOWN 10K TOMORROW 100K EOY" just comes to show that the btc community was in dire need of another correction.
0.618 Fib RetracementYou have schizophrenia
sell now its going to stabilize at $3k
They're obviously not going to show BTC in a positive light.
Have you even seen the show?
BTCfags explain how a """"""""""""""""currency"""""""""""""""" moves 8% in a daysuch an amateur hour joke
Believe what you want I don't care.
I don't want you to make it.
It's going to recover, right?
I am going to break even, right?
its ogre
Bitcoin is now over.
Back to reality
literally below 6500 now LMAO fucking idiot
Too bad because it already did
It's not going below $6500.hahahahahaha ya sure about that buddy?
It will recover right?
This.You want to buy when it's close to the ATH because then it is the most valuable and obviously you'd rather have something that is more valuable than something less valuable.Then when the price goes down you sell it because why would you want to keep something that goes down in price?
Doesn't make any sense.It's really basic stuff, but you'd be surprised how many people on /biz/ get it wrong.
this
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

I got 20k liquid sitting on gdax ready to go.Drop fucker
Why didn't you cash out when it was 8k?
Because hodl is the best tactic for BTC
Yeah to a point
I mean if you're lazy and hate making money then sure I guess
WE CAN'T STOP THE SELLING
that's probably when he bought lol.
i've made this prediction a couple of times here.BTC is massively overvalued.
$50k means it would have fundamentally 1 Trillion worth of transactions passing through it.With $7 fees and 4 hour tx times, that's not happening.
2X was a scam to temporarily alleviate the problem but keep miner fee income moderately high.Bitcoin Cash will be the king for the next 6 months as people try to figure out if Bitcoin is really viable.
Not because its the best, but because it has the bitcoin name in it.
fuck your motherhttps://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY
BECAUSE I BOUGHT AT 7900
You are amazing, sir
what the hell

When are people going to see the obvious issue here and stop saying "correction, happens all the time, hodl its all going to be okay".
It's not the same now.
Never before have people fought for the name Bitcoin as much as BCH and BTC are now, to pretend that this just happens all the time is just so naive, people are literally trading their BTC for BCH and people are here calling it a correction.
BCH is a fucking pump and dumphttps://twitter.com/cburniske/status/929060542886612994
and you think people will use some inflationary jew money instead of truly decentralized currencies?Millenials are stupid but they are not as stupid as the fucking boomers and they see what the kikes are up to
What did he mean by this?
Everything with Bitcoin in the name is a pump and dump.But your tweet isn't evidence of that.
It just shows Koreans prefer different coins than westerners.
being this fucking newThis shit happened before with the last BCH pump to 900, we all know it crashed and languished at 300 since.
same shit now.
all on bitthumb, again.
ver and company gonna dump on your asses againsame as it ever wasthis is just their bitch-fit because their precious b2x got rekt.buying btc, on the way down, as always.
don't buy the bch top faggots, or stay poor
is BCH now /ourcoin/?
yeah boomers are retarded when it comes to money.>dad, if your house gains in price, your property taxes go up>if you sell in a good market, you have to buy in a good market or live in an apartment for years until the market implodes
are you fucking retarded?
honestly, who does that
yes.
i have 27 bitcoins from years ago that i forgot about they're worth this much?
Thank god I sold mine a week back while it was at $7000
>HAHAHAHA BITCOIN IS DEADFuck you faggots.
Bitcoin price = 100k easy by 2019Just bought 2 Bitcoins today.
Self-made Millionaire by 2020Fuck you
missing out on an easy 50% in less than 24 hoursStay deprived, sir
TIME.
While I agree that holding is the safest method for BTC, it will go lower than 6500$.
5000$ is a good support level because of 0.618 Fib Retracement and when it will reach that, EMA 150 will also be about the same level.
This has worked the past two times that bitcoin corrected hard.
Just look it up if you don't believe me.
Or don't and stay poor.
I hate every single one of you degenerates.I love you too.
I would sell now bro, you could get away with like $150,000 at least before the crash
>BTC goes upNothing can stop the KING!>BTC goes down 7%It's over.
BTC is dead forever.
/thread
Btc the beast is dying.
Bitcoin cash is based on the original fucking chain.
Remember the last fork????
!Coinbase supports Bitcoin cash.
Theirs a huge fucking queue that hasn't even been PROCESSED yet.
Plus the miners make more money off of bch right now.
If btc is more profitable they'll switch.
Not to mention higher fees on BTC lmaoOmfg you BTC holders are going to be in corlla land pretty soon.Not saying bch will reign supreme, but I am saying Bitcoin is going to drop low like grandma's tittesPlease PLEASE don't buy bch.
Let me see those pink wojacks
No fuck you I'm buying BCH!!
428783142877824285890go to 
I bought bitcoin in 2015 you retarded child.