Buy this dip.
Thank me later.
DON'T!
the pump started artificially.
Wrong.
Tons of updates and crazy shit in the next month.
Just be patient, I'm being serious.
It might bounce a bit but it will got back to 400 sats until we get close to the "crazy shit".
But then again, I keep buying high and selling low so my advice isn't that valuable.
a crafty TA-ist said that LMC will pump hard tomorrow and saturday.
probably going all in on this pump and then buying up BAY
>buy the dumpSounds good, just another few months of bleeding until we moon back to 800 sats
Patience is good.
Being proactive is better.implying this won't shoot up after correcting with this much volume
Where's the real OP with the tripcode?
right here homie.
keep your eyes on LMC.,someone with cred said it was about to go GRS style because it's Chinese and likes eating stray dogs
censoring the amountscared we gonna laugh at your poor ass, pajeet?
THERE THAT"S HIM THATS THE GUY DUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!YOU ARE THE SHIZZZZZZ
thanks dadBitbay might moon in a few days IDK though, it happened with GRS could happen to bitbay, I would buy at a 590 or so dip, maybe like 1-3k coins and just see what happens, even if it doesn't it will be a max 90 satoshi loss per coin
LMC IS STILL A GO?
aye, bit up a shakeup due to btc but it will be a longer call.
This is what I'd like to know.
I've been burned on literally every trade recently I've made except your bitbay call.
Please guide my wallet anon.
soooooooooooooooooooooo do you think the news tomorrow would be overshadowed by BTC?
who knows at this point, honestly all I know for sure is gonna go back up is NEO and ARK, BTC has fucked everyones shit up.However some good alts are below their supports, can be a good buying oppurtunity, just don't go all in like a dumbass, put 1/10th into each coin.
Keep 50% of your portfolio in BTC rest 1/5-1/10th in each good alt while they're low.
I just don't like swinging my huge dick around.Dope man.
Bitbay is spent.
Going to bleed.
I'd be surprised if anything holds against this BTC rally.
Pretty soon the 24hr % change for bitbay will be red.
Back To Storj
Protiphttps://twitter.com/stelyb/status/930764924686548995
here are my current holds, not showing amounts because I do need a little advantageBut feel free to join me on my wild ride if you are a risk taker, if not just hold BTC, ARK, or whatever.>Tenx is long term btw not short term
no LMC?
Is iota over?
I got bad news for you.
Sell all those shit coins and help me look for the next pump.
You're only long term hold is bitcoin.
ah there it goes, was wondering what the fuck this was doing up at 70 mil
bro!
you might want to reconsider LMC, liquidity is drying up fast.20% volume evaporated over 3 hours.
please take another look into the palantir and let us know what you think
I'm looking for sub 12 hour pump
Cryptoinsider Start a new thread we're going into XWC
next month
inb4 0.1% NEO 0.1% ARK 0.1% BTC 0.1% OMG 0.1% BAY 99% Tether
Abort LMC mission, mission is abortedCryptoinsiderbit is not responding and volume is nosediving.
Hey again senpai  I don't understand why no BCH, I feel that BCH is bad for crypto general, but when it comes to gains, well...
This pump will be rather large as BTC corrects.
USDT is now not the only thing that can compare to (in price at least)
Are we recovering from this?
In classic /biz/ fashion, I bought the top.
SAD!
Please help, should I just cut it off here or risk getting JUST'd further?
>mfw I brought back in June>mfw I doubled my money>mfw when I halved my BTC