Hello there.
Since you guys were cool and made me money in Nuls, I feel like sharing this one.Theres huge news incoming in the next days about storj, expect 1.5-2x return in the upcoming days, start accumulating now.
Also, read their whitepaper and etc, don't fucking follow me like a sheep, and you will see why this is going to be BIG, along other coin (not sharing this yet, need confirmation).https://vimeo.com/102119715
I see its moving up.
Am I late?
Look at daily, seems to be in accumulation phase
What I just fucking told you?
Dyor faggot.
And no, you're not late, didn't I just fucking said it could be a 2x gains?
It is, the individuals who got the privileged info started yesterday.
Watched your video, gonna take a look at the wp.
Does it have something to do with pbc?
Answer my question faggot, yes or no.
Anyway, I just dump 400$ in this, won't miss that much if you pajeet me.
What's the news then?
I'm prepared to do my own research but if you're lying about the news it's clearly a shill.
That's 400 bucks well spent, and I don't have to answer you anything.
Just as I trusted the Nuls anon, you have to trust me on this.I am not lying about the news.
PAJEET COIN DO NOT BUY
alright faggot, i lost 30% of my potential winnings in this BCH madness.
Im gonna put half of whats left into this shitcoin.
if i lose it, Im gonna off myself and you can live the rest of ur life knowing you got someone to kill himself cuz of your useless pathetic.
if this is bs now is your chance to warn me
storj is similar to sia?
I got you.
You could just answered me no and move on, but you refuse to.
I'm gonna put another 600 in this and watch closely
This isn't the first time I've heard this is going to moon today.
I'm all in now so we'll see how hard I get dicked down.
Hopefully I won't get screwed for once in my pathetic life
4340831Pajeet's out in force today.
English is improving sirs.
Now I remember an anon posting about this yesterday.
My guess is that this coin will be in pbc with solar or powr.
I'm sold, and thanks for sharing OP, leave your wallet adress here, I will be generous if you're right.
Yes, That was me.
This has been planned since nov. 2nd to rocket.
I know a personal leaker of PBC and they plan to pick this coin for the month of Nov. Get in now before it is to late.
4340980Fud force is out too
im no pajeet.
You take that back right now you slimy nigger lover
You wont, I'm sure.Free money?
Why the fuck not.
1EC6rF1W3bYNyc8vHWubA58rwbVEodkQyV4340980Hello ryan, no more alone accumulating for you, stupid fuck.
I got 1k storj.
Am I'm being bamboozled?
Muh Dropbox partnership confirmed
bought a bag.
to the moon!
KEK, ANON IS ACTUALLY TELLING THE TRUTHhttps://bittox.com/2017/11/13/leaked-palm-beach-confidential-november-edition/#disqus_thread
https://bittox.com/2017/11/13/leaked-palm-beach-confidential-november-edition/#disqus_threadwtf wheres my link gone
So is this sia except without getting fucked by the asics meme?
Looks good, basically a decentralized version of Dropbox.
Also it's a working product, no meme shitcoin that needs another 2 years of work.
It actually works now lol.
How come the marketcap is so low on this?