Now that the latest BCH scare is over, 10k is our next target price
3kIt will be the crypto eclipse.BCH and BTC will rise and connect on the hourand when it does, the reversal shall happen.
Anyone that did not listen will lose.
Those that believed will prevail.
I am warning everyone, please DYOR.
Those TA lines>RealityKEK!
Made me chuckle good!
bch is pumpingbtc done
I am worred for my brethrens...the time has come.
Fate has decided this since the earliest of times.
Get out of BTC or you will lose.
>mfw btc will always be the center of attention
we're not done.
We will see 5k before we see 10k
Now that the latest BCH scare is overBCH is at 1600 USD.
Corecucks will post so many pink wojaks tomorrow night, it's going to be glorious.
someone post that BCH shitting BTC meme.
Those are some high quality meme lines friend.Just bought 100k
I gotcha senpai...
top kek.
many thanks for the spiciest of memes.
Not yet.I agree with this guy.
It'll get down to 5k or maybe even lower before the next run begins.
we'll see 10k, but it'll be from BCH not BTC.
cant wait to post this in 3 months when BCC is back to where it was a week ago.This isnt the first time we've had a flippening scare.
What about ETH?
What about XRP?
You guys are such short-sighted idiots with short memories.
This is all part of the FUD to crash Bitcoin price a bit more for the whales to accumulate cheap BTC.Every single FUCKING time some shitcoin moons you guys scramble to shill it, and then every single FUCKING time after it crashes i see tons and tons of ">doubting the king" posts.Imbeciles, all of you.
All except this guy
we'll see 10k, but it'll be from BCH not BTC.Yep, and when that happens BCH will be crowned 'The One True Bitcoin'.The BTC fork was always destined to be a scam.
when will corecucks stop humiliating themselves like this?
do they enjoy it?
plebbit
What people keep defending 50$ transaction fees and days of confirmation time
who gives a fuck???
Nobody does.
We've had those problems for ages and BTC keeps mooning.
BCC fixed all the BTC problems months ago, and nobody cared because it didnt moon.
It dumped, and had one small pump months after.
BCC in its current state is a pump and dump, and all the flippening is just shilling to pump up the price.
After this run, BCC will end up like XRP, a long long downtrend
i could post this all day long.
Seems like you are still at denial
I thought I had a really good argument, seems like all you can do is shitpost.Fundamentals do not decide stock prices.
It's people's reactions to these fundamentals.
Every major new network has been shilling BTC to normies for a couple months now, you think all this new money is so well versed in Bitcoin news that they know about BCC and will part with their freshly shilled BTC bags for BCC now?1 week ago nobody cared about BCC.
Tell me why they do now, without mentioning the fact that it solves all of BTC's problems.
It's been doing that for months and no one cared till it started mooning
just get in bch its mooning again.
take off your blinders
Here is my argument.
BTC is based on believe, because nobody uses.
BTC is store of value where the value comes from holding bytes.
BCH wants to be valuable because people use it as cash
>Now that the latest BCH scare is over.662This shit is dropping like a ROCKOCK
>TFW I bought $1000 in BTC @ 7k on coinbase and still awaiting it to verify into accountHow can I stop this?
Nobody uses anything in the way its intended yet.
No one uses BTC for transactions and no one uses BCC as cash.
It's all speculation right now.Ive been in the game long enough to not doubt the king anymore, we've had too many up and comers try and fail.I guess I'll check back in a month and see which of us was right.
but if BTC can be eclipsed and lose 50-95% of its value, then any crypto can be flippened in the future and no crypto will ever be safe.
Holy shit are you serious?
BTC is designed to be useless for now?
BTC 4k by tomrrow now i also believe that
That's why you don't buy from Coinbase.
You probably won't have it for another week if not two.
Link your Coinbase to Gdax so you can buy with lower fees and actually receive it in a reasonable time.
not what it's designed for, what it's actually being used for.
I'm saying we're still so early into blockchain tech that no one is actually using it in anyway.
All the XRP partnerships with banks, etc it's all premature.
I dont know what the future brings but I dont think BCC will eclipse BTC, especially not for the fundamental reasons you mentioned.
Maybe if it gets shilled hard enough, but I even doubt that.
Memelines
BTC was designed for that
lol some of us have been hearing this shit for 5 years, not 5 weeks like most of you.
BTC could crash 80-85 percent and I still made more than 99 percent of you bch shills ever willmost people here couldnt care less and cant see anything beyond a day at a time, thats why most of them are neets in the first place
Perspective.
Stop posting this meme picture.
still in a clear uptrend, dont listen to these chinese pumpers
This exact picture happened to almost every alt.
Bitcoiners think they are immutable to any crash
stfu with your 1 minute candles
lmfaoBTC is not hitting 10k... it will not even exist in a few more daysMiners switched back to legacy for the next couple hours or so to bring down unconfirmed transactions so people can liquidate there legacy
Please show volume next time so we can see how much BTC is actually getting dumped
4328583>listening to someone who can't read what candles a chart has or use the proper "their"try harder, pajeettoday's daily candle has almost the same volume as mid September, the day bitcoin bottomed at 3k after the dump from 5k.
Ok, that's not true.
You'll see BTC at least existing for at least a few more months.
Then exchanges will start to relabel BCH as BTC and that'll be the death blow.
overyou're going to shit bricks tomorrow lmao
log scalelol
It's also happened to Bitcoin at least twice before.
this is the expert ta of a btc hodlerwatch as he falls into despair when bcc pumps tonight after setting up for half a daythen when btc recovers in probably more than a month, he'll be saying how hodling is the truth just because he is a bad trader

Set your buy orders at 4800, then we'll see 10-15kBTC and BCH will learn to live harmoniously and it will send them both off on rockets, bringing in a year of glorious crypto gains that will butter your altcoin bread for months to come.
4327496I call 4850 the bottom
There will be no flippening.
Rather Bitcoin is going to sleep for a bit.
We may see the 4k range and crypto as a whole crippled for a while.
Remember - institutions aren't fully operational during the weekends, people go out and and news releases aren't as widely heard.
I think the real pain is yet to come as all the new money gets scared off.
Is the thought of the government intervening with regulations plausible?
Wall Street and big money aren't the ones pulling the strings for once.That being said...Tokens/coins that aren't garbage have ETH or USDT pairings on numerous exchanges so altcoins can carry on should BTC become crippled.
There will be capital flow to ASIC coins like VTC bc they're trendy right now.Monero will go up 30-40% in the coming weeks as people lose trust in Bitcoin.
XMR is what BTC wishes it could be.
A store of value needs to be fungible and private - Bitcoin is neither.No one trusts BCH/Wu/Ver except fanboys and those in on the pump.
Just know they will manipulate the market again and probably sooner than you expect.
fucking corecuck detected.
I'm in the same boat as you.
Afaik there's nothing we can do.
you bought in at the top too, didn't ya?
;) keep shilling on 4chan I'm sure it'll influence... someone