http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17November 18th neo presenting with Samsung, Linux and more.Whales have accumulated.
I suggest you guys do too.- Merk
Pajeet, you've named yourself Mark?
You can't do that.
That's a very bad pajeet!
Bad.
Did you even click the link?
开源社是由中国支持开源的企业,社区及个人所组织的一个开源
http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17100% legit
Look on the Neo reddit yourself.
Run by CoZ.
The whales are still accumulating and keep ignoring this.
Listen to me or you will regret it.
http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17It is actually the official NEO page.Go to neo.org and check the links at the bottom
NEO dApp contest submission deadline finishes today.In 10 days, 10 dev teams get a price of over 1000 Gas each

nigga i already hold some neo's but i don't really thing it'll moon as it's used to do ...get real
Microsoft and EBay.
There's some big names there.Huawei and Alibabi are no small fry.
what am i looking it at?All in NEO or what
I speak japanese fluently and it says "the green logo thing is a scam"
Bitcoin will ruin any moon potential.
If you really want to gamble, buy in 5min before event
I feel like telling people to buy NEO is like telling them to buy Bitcoin.
Either you're pretty sold on BTC and just want to keep it (not a bad idea) or you have Alt Coins ... and NEO is probably one of them because you can get GAS from it?
Unless QTUM has some super secret connection that over powers NEO, NEO is going to be the ETH of China and might have a higher price point in a year or two.
I'm not a fan of their GOVT.
But the Chinese won't fuck around.
Especially if they get control over the Petro Dollar.
Aah, the old beloved conference meme.
fuck ebay, alibaba is there!
they wont be able to control the petro dollar, there wont be a petro yuan.
Petro dollar dies and thats it.
Regardless of price.
You have to wonder if Chinese Coders/Devs will request to be paid in NEO the same way that Russian/US/Canadians are being paid in ETH.
And what happened last conference.
Massive gains.
MASSIVE FUCKING GAINS INCOMING FAGGOTS!!!
!STRAP THE FUCK IN!
STFU!AND ENJOY THE RIDE LADS!
But lads, why doesn't Onchain use NEO instead of creating its own blockchain?
Wasn't the hype in June due to this relationship as Onchain was connected to Gov officials?Has NEO been left in the cold, considering co-founder Eric Gu left also to set up Metaverse instead as well?Da has been very quiet recently too.https://www.meetup.com/Onchains-Blockchain-Project-Launch-NEO-Ecosystem-Sharing/events/245101761
No clue it would be weird though, to just throw everything away wand start from scratch.
They also build up a brand name and certain expectations with partners.I'm very doubtful they would leave the NEO ecosystem.
buy the rumor /thread
Shill your shitty etp somewhere else
You faggots said $100 by December and it's not looking good
but metaverse were invited to a summit sponsored by the bank of china, why wasn't neo invited also?