Here Biz now you can play pajeet Bingo with me
Fuck you motherfucker.
REQ actually is a great coin with real use, which banks will fucking use just like Paypal and it will go 10x soon so get on or stay poor faggot.
What the fuck is wrong with you ignoring all the news coming soon from their blog.
Do you hate money?
This shit is a payment system HELLO it's the new ETH, which will grow even bigger when ETH gets rid of POW for POS so even more normies start adopting it.
>b-b-but I bought in the ICO and I've lost moneySO HOLD YOU WEAK HANDED FAGGOT IT'S FREE GODDAMNN MONEY.>lel it's a memeIt's a good, real product you dipshits, unlike fucking LINK.
I've personally talked to the dev team (Telegram is /requestnetwork) and even some whale discord groups I used to play around with and this is a solid coin.
Shit also has no premine (fuck legacy coins).
Discord says it's about to pump but that's irrelevant since they've got such a solid dev team.
So why the FUCK aren't you buying this coin?
What, it's not on coin exchange so pajeets won't shill it for you?
GET THE FUCK ON THIS MOON MISSION!!!
!Here's a fucking copypaste of the coin's tech in case you're still not convinced:Request is a decentralized network that allows anyone to request a payment (a Request Invoice)for which therecipient can pay in a secure way.
All of the information is stored in a decentralized authentic ledger.- Universal because it is designed to support 100% of global transactions, regardless of currency, legislationor language.
Request is built to last.- Smart because unlike an existing standard accounting book, Request is at the origin of the exchanges andintegrates a computerized trade code.Request is more global than any currency.You can thank me later when I've got my fucking lambo.
Any other shill who knows all this or agrees with me, back me up.
Screenshot this.
(Also I found about 100 Bitcoins on a harddrive last month and want to keep this bumped so post your addresses below and I'll send you some)
BINGO
almost won on the official req thread
4364535I just need some shills to back me up.
change No premine with "store of value".
Nobody cares about No premine anymore
Congrats you are the winner of free espers collect now on yobit sirs
Look I tried hard to get as close as possible to half naked girl.FUCK I forgot Palm Beach.
lol
0x0EDb3284b28F20080cC236DaF89AfE1dF857E67F
post your BTC addresses>Posts an Ethereum address
i thought they only say that for bitcoin
bumping for visability