i bought a shit ton of chainlink and i am expecting to retire in 5years.total €250k in chainlink, it better be the fucking retirement i am looking for.
if its not, i am literally killing myself in 20 years.
I'm jealous.
I hope you get to retire anon.
Also, that girl is not asian
20 years kek that's a long time I doubt you'll even remember chain link by then
Post proof I don't believe u m8, you'd have off'd yourself by now
mMmm should I invest in Bitcoin that always increases thanks to the media>nahh>should In invest in Ethereum backed by all corporations?>nahh>should I invest in the bitcoin perfected called Monero that all drug dealers use?>nahh>should I invest in Stellar Lumens backed by IBM and payment providers?>nahh>should I invest in oracle guy that doesn't believe in marketing and has trying to sell his products for years now without any luck?>YES
How many LINK is that?
One more 10x for btc and i will buy a wife like in OP's pic
It's a part of the Swift system, it will go up in price and be a major player someday.
Just not any time soon.
It's too late to invest in bitcoin unless you can afford to buy a shit ton.
you bought into the chainlink meme.kek.ripple will destroy chainlink.
Bad move OP, Chainlink doesn’t move on news
He makes good points about ETH and Monero.They have real uses and are popular.
LINK is a moonshot shitcoin.
Just admit it.
I have 30k REQ and it's a moonshot shitcoin as well.At least with REQ I actually liked their white paper and they have more than 2 people on their team and come from a reputable incubator.
lmao sure
It isn't too late for bitcoin yet, because it seems that slowly exchanges are opening up the bitcoin market for their clients.
There is a strong chance the floodgates are about to be opened.
bitcoin is a meme.bitcoin and ether gained traction due the amount shit icos launched in june.if you can figure out the correlation between trading pairs / shit icos / bitcoin ethereum go home.normie buys paragon price get dumped normie sells his paragon for bitcoinrinse and repeat
You should own at least 1 BTC.
How can you prefer REQ's whitepaper over LINKs?Have you even read it?
billion coins million in circulation million owned by developer ready to dump>raised over 100 million dollars for "development", has no developers>no blockchain>no company>github has 1 pajeet who stopped sending commits in June>fake SWIFT "partnership">CEO has degree in philosophyyou gonna make it, no question
At least this guy is rich now.
is this all true guys?
WTF
Should I sell now?
k euros in Bitcoin IS a shitton.
Fuck off kike
that's some hi-quality FUD
haha, thats it, exactly, sadest thing, every single point is true.. and this shit still has a mcap of over 50 million, i would evaluate at 1-10M at the moment...
agreed.
I have 1 BTC and the rest of my funds in LINK.
this is the path forward.
At least that
all you LINK haters investing in XMR, lumens, etc.
you are what we call "dumb money" :).
the people taking the chance on this world changing project known as chain link are the "smart money".
deal with it.
hairy armsdropped
as if she would let you within 10 feet of her, virgin
Bruh, you only need like €30k worth of LINK to retire in 5 years.
Get baited, whiteknighting idiot.
Fucking kek
It's like half a dozen red flags and alarm sirens going off at once reading that hahahahaRIP LINK BuyersF
Behave.
that is why you invest even more to retire even earlier.
well.. v-vitalik looked also a russian scamboy at start tho, now look at him, he looks like a grown up retard my pony.... but rich.
43953844395237well at least i did the exact opposite that /biz is telling me.
not wanting to lick her little arm hairyou gay or something?