>Accumulate on COSS
comfy hodl
if coss makes it, so do i.
increased my stack from 60k to 80k just selling high and buying back in on the dips this weekhopefully I can get up to 100k by middle of december so I can get a free mug

Who are these guys?
Satoshi Nakamoto and Vitalik Buterin
>DAO
accumulate nuls fagget
whoever does not own some COSS is literally retarded, it is so dirty cheap right now, with HUGE potential
just picked up another 100k thanks guys for reminding me of this
ICO’s:As you have noticed there will be multiple ICO’s accessible through COSS.ioSome with added features and bonuses and some with simply trading promos.Here are a short list of the upcoming ones:1: GATCOIN (LIVE) https://www.gatcoin.io (mainsale starts December 15th)2: Dropdeck (main sale November 21st) https://dropdeck.io/3: Lala world https://lalaworld.io/ 4: https://www.aditus.net/For all of the above ICO’s there will be trading promo’s once they list on coss.ioThe 50 top volume traders of each specific token will share a nice pool of the said token.
Estimated ICO value of the pools $30–50,000USD for each token.For Dropdeck, LalaWorld and Aditus there will be an added 5% on top of all existing bonuses if bought through the coss.io platform.On top of this we are also discussing with many many more upcoming ICO’s and we estimate that we could easily offer 4–6 ICO’s per month going forward.
BIG DICK ANNOUNCEMENT BUY THE FUCK IN NOW
We mooning
What makes COSS worth investing in?
How do I get free mugs?
m marketcap with 200k daily volumefiat and margin trading are coming, and considering that a 100x would mean only 20m daily volume means there is crazy room to go upalso ICOs bought through coss get discounts, also airdrops for trading on coss
the free mug is for anyone with 100k+ coss on 13th december or something
Read about it.
You will understand.
10 minutes of research into Coss will get you involved.
You DO NOT want to miss this chance.
People will FOMO so hard once Coss gets all parts in place and volume begins to pick up.
LOL at all the delusional Non-Coss investors.
Thanks!
What is the best place to buy it?
At their own site?
you can get it on hitbit or ethdelta, but coss is where most of the volume is
Coss will never make it and nor will you OP
Rune, start itsalty no-Cosser detectedyou should have accumulated already , if you just fud around now you are a faggot
coss will moon soon

When does this get out of beta?
I LOL at those who try to point to Rune as a reason not to invest.
A good question to ask your self is: "Who is behind Poloniex, Binance, Bittrex, and other exchanges?"
So what is so bad that this exchange actually lets you know who is behind it.
I personally find Coss to be a good investment.
My gut feeling (which is usually spot on) leads me to trust Coss and the roadmap.
Jesus Christ, transfering btc to coss.io takes so long.
transfering btcliterally why my dude, tx fees are so highliterally cheaper to sell into ltc, transfer, and buy the btc the other side
I know, but it's currently the fastest way for me to transfer Fiat to crypto.
Still sucks.
https://medium.com/@runeevensen/coss-io-update-november-19th-2017-63db94e9d680New UI on its way, looks nice!
Rune will not Ruine us
The most undervalued coin , the FUTURE
4444225Not even criticizing but somehow the concept of buying $7,000+ of something to get a free mug made me laughMight do it myself though sitting on 40k coss rn
where do I see my dividends, can't find them inside the coss site
k daily volume, most of which is coss tokens.
This has fallen considerably over the last three months.
Coss will make noncoss holders mad in 2018.... noncoss holders will wish they listened to the couple posts on 4chan advising them of the unique proposal put forth.
Daytraders don't touch this because they don't have patience to wait for Coss to get out of Beta.
>Let us build a strong exchange first that we all can be proud of, then once we are 100% satisfied with the exchange, we start adding focus to the payment-gateway/POS and other features.Fucking hell lads the fiat gateway is never coming
holy shit the curry ITT
who here no-COSSer ?what is the reason ?
money hating creatures
Honestly the only reason I am not in coss is that I know that the curry will dump on me at a loss because they are high time preference animals.
Wait a second, I do love money.
Will invest when I find out which exchange to use for that.
Any preference?
Finally be able to pay aunt to show me how to unbra female humans without looking
Sounds like some of you just don't want to make it
Is this girl asian?
she is in the 100k-COSS-club harem
Pretty sure I'm just posting pics of money rn
please tell me where to jump on the train.
newfag here
coss.io

well that's embarrassing for me.
Thank you!
Gonna do this on modem at home tho, I'm on edge only atm
so you can buy coss on its exchange right?same as in binance right?and should i transfer my btc from binance exchange into coss or turn that into LTC in binance then transfer and buy coss in its exchange
no, dont do it with LTC, ETHter for this, because COSS-ETH pair has the most volume
SHUT UP I'M ACCUMULATING YOU FUCKS AAAA