
>NO STOP LOSSE>NO EXIT>ALL IN
unironically this.
this is my last chance.
4420904sameThere's no way BCH will lose.
They have the vast majority of the players that matter.
This.
I'm in BCH for life.
I got my first BTC in 2013.
BCH feels exactly like Bitcoin back then but decentralized!
You sure?
4420919As someone who lost 60% last week because of bch all I want to say is: don't get greedy.
4420876too lazy for screenshots>in 1200$>out 3k>back in 2.8>bag holdingOr something like that.
I went greedy jew and got burned.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
its not a loss unless you buy high and sell low :)
Trying to short this coin for more coin has been a disaster.
I shaved off way too much because its retarded (or im retarded, maby both)
4420942I would check out r/btc and websites like yours.org, this is a serious game being played.BCH surpassed ETH and became #2BCH surpassed BTC in volumeBCH made every alt coin bleeeeedThis isn't a PND.
It seemed like it from the weekend last week because of all the FOMO joining in, but those that are holding long term want this coin to go places, and it's fucking going places.
hey u must be my brother or something.
i did the exact same fucking thing with about ~3.5 BCH at around 2.5.
I actually got out at 3.8, doubled my whole stack.
then i tried to buy a dip at .24 and got rekt.
Should I buy into the bcc for cheap next thursday and then sell it off when it's the weekend again?
no worries man, tried the same and down 2 bch in 3 days.
only doing $500+ swings this time around.
agreed, this is big boy games with billions on either side.
should be an interesting couple of months
.0833 on August 14th
Thanks.Yes.
If you followed hashrate during the first major battle you'd know that only 1-2 minor pools making up less than 15% of total hashrate are BTC loyalists.I got in at 750USD.
A part of me is spooked and considers selling half my BCH for ETH the moment the next rise hits 2800 just to ensure I come out significantly ahead no matter what, but I do find it extremely unlikely that BCH won't decisively win before January.
If this is your only plan for a trade you're going to get rekt.
See posts above me.
They got rekt.Hold long term and profit, try to battle and outsmart people in this $5 BILLION VOLUME coin and you will get fucked.
Hard.
this is why you set stop losses and never sleep.
4420919im all in
you'll all be happy to know that I cancelled the first order lelwill probably cancel the second when it hits 0.34 desu and just wait to panicsell if neededI just bought some precious minerals with a good chunk of my roll and I'm a poorfag so I'm hoping to make that investment back off the BCC gainz