Hey pajeets, I hold chainlink and I hold lot of it but we’re all pissed LINK isn’t going anywhere in terms of price right now.
The problem is that people don’t know it even exists and everyone on /biz/ already owns it.My solution to the chainlink problem: we make a chainlink tipbot that works on reddit and every time some pajeet asks for a (hyper)link in the comments, the tipbot will automatically give him 1 LINK alongside the perfect shill on why chainlink is so great.
All the reddit normies would soon learn about LINK and the price would moon to $100.
I was actually planning on doing this.
Any programmers in biz that want to work on this with me?Although people did this with IOTA.
Did it even work?
DId it moon after the tipbot?
As pathetic as it is, we may really need it for those dumb fucking redditors
we're all pissedNo only the ADHD impatient cucks that want to make it yesterday.
4483780Lets pump the price up on hype so it can bleed and all the redditors can bitch and moan for the next 5 months!No thanks.
good luck shilling your shitcoit on reddit you cockmaster
That's not even a bad idea.
I am impressed.
Few good ideas on /biz/ these days
chainlink is a bad idea though.
it's just bad.
Eh, i also see this backfiring.
Those dumbass redditors are too stupid/naive to see shilling as something that isnt necessarily bad.
It's a terrible fucking idea.You impatient fucks only want the price to moon so you can validate your decision to invest through the actions of others.
Have some fucking self confidence in your decisions and wait.
Then dont buy LINK.
Ever.
Easy as that.
Just dont kick yourself when it moons.
Shilling isn't bad.
The only people that think Shilling is bad are the /biz/ PRETENDERS that cannot see scam from opportunitySo they bitch and moan about losing their money and blame everyone else.
We should be fine with it not mooning until mainnet launchbetter a stable moon mission than a pump and dump againgives you more time to put your paychecks in and extends the smart money phase, and doesn't ruin our reputation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhY
LOL you will never get your money back.
it will just die, it will never moon again.
you dick.
4483840This.
LINK isn't some Pajeet pump and dump coin to just be given away on reddit.
It's the real deal.
We all know it's the real deal.
SWIFT knows it's the real deal.
Soon, everyone else will know it's the real deal tooHow hard is it to simply wait a couple of months?
Shilling it looks desperate and will only make the project look bad.LINK shills itself
Alright, poor me LINK will never moon.
Every single crypto is pumped up on hype and awareness.
Every moon mission has been a result of it.
For now there's no demand other than speculation.
Going by this ChainLink is undervalued, so don't cuck yourself out of its deserved valuation.
I thought you niggers didnt care your coin was literally who.
What happened to muh oracles?
If they're so damn important, surely the coin can get traction on its own.....unless... unless t-that's a s-shitcoin you're holding s-sir