My portfolio is finally in the green again and I'm thinking of consolidating.
What should I sell and buy?
Bittrex only.
Oh and I just lost my job so this is important.
Thanks biz!
Ark, get's added to a big chinese exchange tomorrowhttps://blog.ark.io/bit-z-exchange-to-list-ark-9a47597547c2
Get rid of XRP and IOT.Most important coin to get rid of is the scam XVG.
Monero, WTC, ETP.
smugly tells us "bittrex only, please">doesn't realize or care that neo held on bittrex doesn't generate free gasKek, op is a retardGet neo off bittrex and into a gas generating wallet.
Sell Mona and verge Buy req and link
Quads, fuck.
My iota are stuck in a wallet since bifinex went down.
I have faith in XVG.....XRP I could part with and not feel bad.
What to buy?
My NEO is in my wallet fag.
Sorry I don't day trade shit coins on pajeet exchanges.
REQ and LINK?
I'm afraid of those memes man.
Sorry I called you a fag.
Muh "bittrex is a superior exchange to binance/ed/other exchanges" memeKysOh also buy ark.
It's listed on buttrex
Its not a better exchange I'm just not comfortable giving out a copy of my passport to binance
Bittrex doesn't allow withdrawals for new unverified users.
Funny thing is they didn't warn me when i deposited all my funds there.
My funds are now stuck until i get the highest verification level there.
I can't sell all my shares to BTC then send to my coinbase?
Oh and I've been in crypto since july so I'm a seasoned veteran.
Saw some big bleeds man...
If you want stability with good long term upside, I would suggest consolidating into 80% XRP and 20% XLM.
XRP maintained a pretty even keel through the recent JUSTening and put on some nice gains afterwards but will be driven up by adoption over the next two years and will be worth a lot if Ripple can secure even 10% of the international settlements market.
XLM to hedge on a competitor.
Recent developments suggest that 'bankers coins' are much less volatile than the rest of the market but still show great long term potential, so I see them as a relatively safe harbour if you don't want to take more than moderate risks.
I'm keeping my XLM fur sure.
Ripple has always been a weird red head child to me.
In 2 years I can imagine a good chunk of my current portfolio being worth substantially more.