Why did it just drop?
Thanks for info.
I'm turning my BTG into this right now
I just bought it so naturally it is going to take 20% on me.
just wait for the conferenceweakhands shakeout right now
Plans to rebrand in December were postponed to February 2k18
delayed rebrand road map is "meh" lots of people sold the news
The conference today revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.Price has already tanked 10%.
Once it breaks through the $5 resistance the panic will begin and small holders and speculators will begin to offload, with the whales already long gone.Once it shoots through the $3 mark, unabated FEAR will ripe through all Liskers.
With all those who dumped their current accounts into this scam twitching at their arsehole continuously while refreshing bittrex.The $0.50 mark will be met, the largest panic in history will ensue.
The final deluded Nodes will begin to go offline, and wagecuckers with their engineering salaries loaded up in ARK will be left with it stuck in their wallet, unable to move it to bittrex to salvage some self respect.The price WILL tank at this point to sub $0.10, and most probably sub ICO levels.From that day forward the deluded Lisker wagecucking engineering nerds who bought this coin thinking it had fundamentals will go back to their jobs, with no money in their current accounts, to be made redundant by the next wave of pajeets arriving to undercut their wages.Deluded Liskers will hold bags FOREVER, with no job, no money, and no crypto.I warned you Liskers.
There's still time to get out.
Sell NOW.Don't be deluded, don't be a Lisker.
why was it going up nonstop for weeks?
ever ask that?
Enjoying buying this dip and getting dumped on when they can't deliver on their ambitious roadmap.
This is another ETH wannabe without the means to take over the reign.
How many other shitcoin out there that want to help companies build apps on the blockchain, etc.
Tons of them, this coin is nothing special....Sorry for the FUD, just tired of the fan bois
topkeklisk is slow but at least it will deliver.
they hired many people.
i think you mixed it up with neo.
and neo has a larger market cap than lisk