Hey guys, I have a question if you don't mind.Is it acceptable at age 26 to live with your parents or is this actually not a good idea?
My main plan is to get into medical school in the next two years.
I am taking my prerequisite courses now.I am 26, work part time in the Emergency room at a hospital, taking science courses at a local college, and working on my master thesis in Theology currently.
I will have an MA in theology by the end of may, and I might teach next year to earn more income and take night classes afterwards.
Anyway, my nuclear family is middle class/lower middle class but I am surrounded by wealthy folks in my extended family and social circles.
Every time they ask where I am living it gets awkward and I can just feel the "shame" I guess you could say.
Like it is not acceptable for this to happen kinda of thing, but they don't say it, it is yet implied constantly.
I have 36k of student debt that I am paying off all the time, already paid off like 16k now.
If I could allocate all my resources to my debt, instead of rent, I could very well be debt free in the next two years before medical school.
(of course I know I would have to take out loans for medical school as well) So what is your advice?
Should I get a shitty apt with friends and spend money on rent to show face, or should I buckle down as I am doing to pay off this debt first, however accept the stigma for this....
Who gives a fuck what anyone thinks?
If your parents are alright with it then just do it.
But what others think kinda does matter in relation to social capital and connections and the like.
social capital>connectionsIf you think any of this will make you a short term revenue or more than a monthly rent you are clearly living in the 17th century as a peasant hoping the princess will pass by and sense your charm
social capital
But what others think kinda does matter in relation to social capital and connections and the like.Its not so much what others think, but about wether it hinders your devolopment or not.I spend all of my university years at home, commuting to uni and while I was not mocked for it or such, I did miss quite a few aspects of university live.If you are kinda unsocial to start with, you probably should absolutely NOT stay at home, but if you are social anyways, you'll probably work your way around it.I'm not bitter about my decision or such, but in retrospect, I should have done it differently.
For sure I am a peasant.
Not denying that.
But what is your advice then man?
I am pretty social actually, I have a large group of family and friends.
And I have lived out of state for undergrad, and graduate school.
I have come back just recently.
fuck the moving out at 18 meme.
move out when you're ready.
i'm 25 and living at home and guess what, i just completely paid off one of my student loans instead of giving all that money to some slumlord.
i'm now saving up for my next power move and in the meantime got 20k crypto gains and rising.
do what works for you.
you got one life, live it how you want to, not guided by the dogma of your family
My brother is 36 and he moved back in with my mother for a couple of weeks.
That was 3 years ago and he's still there.
He works at a restaurant and never went to college so the situation is a little different than you.
He saves money but trying to bring a girl home is awkward as shit.
I actually heard one girl say "Wait, you still live with your mom?
"If you're actually trying to better yourself then I'd say go for it.
But if you are deluding yourself and the reason you're are moving back is because of some other issue you don't want to address.
Then just know it won't get better.
4247469Ah, I see.
So my "issue" probably wont apply to you then.As said, I wasn't around folks that found it something worth mocking, so I can't help you on that issue, but I think if you have already proven that you can live on your own and have a case to make about why you temporarly chose not to, only the biggest of dicks will give you a hard time for it.
My advice is that you shouldn't give much of a fuck, and from what I read you are doing better than most of my peers (not much of a brag, but hey) and you are on a good path.
Don't fall for the rent jew, the shame is there for a reason but there have been steep socioeconomic changes for the past 25 years so it's more common that everyone is in debt and has to live with their parents.Follow through on your dreams, don't fall for the rent jew and that "shame" is part of the work when it comes to saving/making money so just suck it up buttercup, it hurts far more to pay a rent and starve than having to say you live with your parents.
Depends.
Do you want to get rich or just live life?
If you want to get rich, put that money aside, don't use it to pay off debt, invest it.
People will respect you a lot more once youve made a million dollars, and at that point no one will care how long you spent at you moms.
You can even lie and say your mom is sick and you're helping her out.
When you're starting out, it's all about saving money.
It's all about working a job you hate so you can get the seed of cash that will turn into millions one day.
Getting rich comes down to simple math and discipline:1) increase income, increase number of income streams2) Save money, don't spend any of it on useless, expensive shit like rent 3) multiply the money you have.research the fuck out of the investment method of your choice and make a BIG BET.
Put as much money as you can towards your bet.
You have to play offense when you are just starting to get rich, later you can play defense.
I want to be rich.
Can you link me some books that I can learn about investing?
I don't really know anything about this yet, but I want to work hard and learn and win.
Thanks man.
Also, isn't smarter to pay off debt first then invest?
bump
It was pretty stigmatized in the 80s and 90s when times were easier but after the economy turned in the early 2000's I am finding that many people choose to live at home well into their twenties despite working full time and going to school.
I don't think that there is any shame in it and it seems like society has lightened its judgement on it, as well.Unless, of course, you are a NEET, in which case you are less than human.
I am not a NEET, see above.
Thanks for your response!
It doesnt matter OP except from perspective of getting laidBe thankful your relationship with your family is good enough that this is a considerationsThe shamers are just mad their lives/circumstances are even worseIm 30 and living at home, zero fucks given
26 and not in med school yet.... give up I'm 22 and in med school.
Yea I feel yea, I'm good looking so I get attention from women a lot, however I am looking for prime marriage material so I turn women down that aren't really my type.
I have had lots of sex and I am kinda over that really.
I am against the empty hooking up culture that lead my 18-24 year old brain.
Now I a just want to work, and eventually marry a good women.
Never faggot.
I took a break studied what I loved, traveled the world.
I am doing it right.
how much adderall did you take before you made this thread?
you sound like a normie faggot
While normal people care about age it really doesn't matter and you should live life doing whatever you want on your personal time frame.
If you want to fuck teeny boppers when you're 35 or 40, go for it.
If you want to live with your parents till 30, who cares.
Stack rocks senpai.
make the long term move.consider yourself in the future, looking back, what would you be glad you did?
If your theology was worth anything (it's not) you wouldn't feel any shame in being honest