>tfw not smart enough to grasp altcoin tradingTrading stocks is simple because you just keep track of the USD value of the stock.
Trading BTC or ETH for USD is the same.Trading altcoins is too hard for me to keep track of.
If you buy an alt with BTC, and the BTC value of that alt increases, but meanwhile the USD value of BTC decreases, you can still be losing money.
How do I juggle all this information?
ignore USD, acquire BTC, ez kiddo
This, the goal of trading alts is to earn more than just by holding BTC
Keep trading low for practice until you have a feeling for it.
let someone else do the work for you, come join our 10k+ strong discord group now.https://discord.gg/7wnGQkt
trading alts is the same as holding gold but "staking" the gold to earn more gold.
you use your amount of gold to "gamble" on coins to go up, and if those coins move up or down so does your gold.
dollar value is of no use as you only deal with dollars when you buy and sell the "gold"
When BTC and ETH are stable, this is the best time for altcoins.It gets even worse, too.
When BTC price rises over many days or weeks, your altcoins will literally die.
99% of them will go down because BTC sucks the market cap out of altcoins as it rises.
The altcoin price drops much faster than the BTC dollar price.Good luck.
Just trade with ETH.
ETH is basically always ~300$ right now.
its also the fastest to move around through exchanges.
You think BTC is in an upward trend right?
Like, even if it drops a little tomorrow, in a year it will be much higher.So, forget about what the USD/BTC price is and try to trade for as much BTC as you can.
It doesn't matter what it's worth today or tomorrow or the next day.
It matters long term.
This.
What matters is how much BTC you acquire.
I'm happier at 1.2 BTC @ 5000 bucksThan having 0.9 BTC @ 7000 bucks
imagine you have 1 BTC = 5000 USDyou buy 10 altcoins, each at 250 USDAltcoins change to 500 USD while BTC changes to 10000USDYou sell altcoins and buy 1BTC.The btc amount is the same, your USD portfolio value isn't.So, just check the USD value of altcoins anon.
You aren't trading alts for USD profits, you are trading them for BTC profits
Holy shit rakjan kys