Buy Powr.
When Tesla announces a partnership it will moon harder than any crypto has mooned before.The woman in my pic is Jemma Greene who is the Mayor of Perth, who is one of the founders of Power Ledger.
Perth is the capital of Western Australia.
She posted that message 2 months ago, well before the Power Ledger ICO.
There have been many updates with Musk since.Power Ledger is already partnered with Origin Energy, which is Australia's largest energy provider.The power Ledger functions with Elon's Tesla home battery, and links it to Origin's power network.... Do the math.You're looking at 30-35x.
If you buy $100 worth of POWR now you'll have $3500 in a month.
Powr is a scam coin!That said, I currently own 2,000 powrs!
To the moon!
You expect this to have a 3 billion dollar marketcap in 1 month?
tfw I make 3500 in 1 day with HYIP
x30?
Learn about marketcaps you fucking pajeet.
tfw when no cute aussie mayor gfSo in one month Tesla is going to announce a partnership with a shitcoin?
lol
30x would take about a year or two but this will easily 5x if TSLA is announced, probably more
>tfw this shitcoin is gonna go to 1k again
Which one?
Laser isnt paying...
Elon is not looking into crypto, he said it himself in an interview.And if he were to look into crypto, he would partner with Chainlink.
If you love POWR, you should also consider Horizon State (HST).HST is also based in Australia.
It aims to bring the voting process to the blockchain technology.Also the CEO said THREE exchanges will list HST the end of this month.
I actually laughed irl, thanks for that deluded linkie
No joke i actually thought about starting an ico based on voting and putting them votes in a blockchain, fml these fucks beat me to it
Pink wojak for our new members, the POWRMARINE!
Do it anyway, mate.
There's always room for competition.
What the everloving fuck would a "partnership" between a cryptocurrency and Tesla do?
?Two totally unrelated industries (unless you count the fact that both industries are loved by faggot hipsters).This is like a crypto announcing a "partnership" with Coca Cola or some stupid shit... it's a fucking MEME.I'm holding some POWR btw
I’d like fuck her with my dick, if you know what I mean.
Fuck yeah, this means that itll be on Coinspot within the next 2 weeks?
Looks like a sick project cant wait to buy in>mfw flying to the moon on home grown aussie cryptos
I think she's cuter than the Bancor lady
Lmao so many lies
DigitalX (DCC) is what you need to buy - listed on the ASX.
That's the real company who behind this shit coin POWR.
https://australianfintech.com.au/digitalx-advises-power-ledger-ico/
total shitcoin, don't trust it even for a second
It only works in situations where multiple properties share a meter "strata titles".
They quote some large % of Australian properties being strata title but that must include apartments that don't really have solar panels.
I think it would be very small % of properties that actually meet all of the criteria
Meh
Bleh
Anons.
What is the point of this shitcoin?
The blockchain for distributed generation is a good idea.
But, what will the POWR token do?
Would they not pay their power bills to eachother in a more respectable coin such as ETH?