HELP where can I buy and store cryptocurrency and where can I get a portfolio
Yes.
Check walmart senpai
I SAID HELPTHERES NO STICKyTWAT
lakebtc.com
pornhub.com
you've missed your window, you should of been here a week ago, But you need to buy the currency from a broker like coinbase and transfer it to an account on a trader like bitrex or binance (bitrex is having issues lately so go binance) both websites create a virtual wallet when you open an account with them, And a portfolio is just a simplified version of your percentage of values in alt coins.
If you have Android you can use your phone as a wallet for all kinds of cryptocurrency.
For Bitcoin I recommend Samourai wallet
THIS IS AN EMERGENCY!!!
!Thanks what do you mean by window though?
Buy on coinbaseTrade on Bittrex or EtherdeltaStore on my ether wallet
https://blockgeeks.com/cryptocurrency-investing/ffs anon.
just do a little google research.
if you are asking to be spoonfed crypto 101, you are in the wrong place.
people are just going to troll you.
get your bearings and then return.
bitcoin But I'm a student anonHow can I use my android as a wallet?
walletsenjoy your bitcoin locked up for weeks with $20 fees
there's a lot of shit going on right now between fluctuations, if you just wanna be safe (avoid trying to daytrade until you know what you're doing) so invest in something stable, Eth is looking good but you need to hold yourself accountable for your investments, only 2% of the advice posted on biz is actually good, Lots of it are people trying to fill their pockets with your money.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsalso don't bother buying bitcoin right now, you're gonna get fucked and end up waiting days for the coins to actually make it to your acc
Yeah I assumed so I'm trying to look up investment guides and do research on this stuffWouldn't trust most people on 4chan especially on bizI'm too poor to even if I wanted to
you understand coins are hexidecimal and you don't have to buy the whole thing, right?
This but gemini instead of coinbase.
You have to wait a few days for bank transfers to clear though
.....
anon, do yourself a favor and read a primer or cryptocurrency.
If you are really stumbling in this ignorant, you're gonna have a bad time.
Just take half an hour and read something other than /biz/.
I'm trying to do you a favor, anon.
I'm with this guy.43457494345850
I wasn't planning on starting blind I just thought this might be a good place to ask
It's not a bad place to ask once you understand the basics.
It's not a good place to get a primer on the basics.
Lots of online resources for that, though.
put your life savings in BCH it's going to pump>said every shill on bizgoing in blind might be a better option than taking biz's advice.