Do I invest in Link?
It would be my first time EVER putting money into cryptocurrency and I don't know where to start as I am a noob.I don't have much money but I don't want to blow it all on a pajeet shill.
If you spend some time to research it, it has really strong fundamentals (i won't list them, you can do that research yourself).
In saying that though, don't invest more than you can afford to lose.
Simple.
Do you really think the LINK shill looks anything like the other Pajeet shills on this board?If you can't work that out then you don't deserve to know.
I'm going to spoon feed you because everyone has to start somewhere- Blockchain technology is the future.
It's more secure and less expensive- The market for blockchain is going to keep growing- A big part of this is smart contracts- It's like the dot com boom though: most coins won't make it.
They don't solve any unique problem nor offer any special advantage- Most coins in the top 100 are like this- Like I said, blockchain is the future.
But at the moment, it's very speculative: people are buying into these copycat ICOs where all they can basically do is transfer tokens within the blockchain.
It's a walled garden and pretty useless- Chainlink provides a decentralised way of getting REAL data from outside the blockchaain onto a blockchain (whether it's bitcoin, ethereum, whatever)- This will be what causes blockchain to become mainstream- LINK (smartcontracts.com) is not the only coin that's trying to do this.
But they're BY FAR the furthest ahead: smartcontracts.com was registered BEFORE bitcoin was even invented.
They also have a ton of REAL WORLD (read: not just blockchain partners) See the comments replied to here - The range of applications of opening blockchain up to real data is hugeThis is just a starting point for your research.
Do your own research but I doubt you'll find a project with more potential to 10x, 100x, or even 1000x your money on.
Sure, there are safer bets like Ethereum but it would take a lot more for ETH to go 100x than LINKThere is FUD, of course, but if it was all a done deal already the price would already be something like $50 per link.
It's a gamble, a good gamble, but one you must be prepared to lose it all on.
Only invest what you can afford to lose
sorry for the shit English there hopefully you get the idea.
There's a REASON why this coin has so many threads dedicated to it all the time, just like ETH did back in February/March
This.
Everyone with a brain and experience in the crypto market is balls deep in LINK.
This coin is the future, it will 50-200x in the next 1-2 years.
Biggest weakness, it will be a long hold and this means seeing everyother coin moon past you until it happens.
sergay is pajeet
Don’t get shilled into the LINK trap.
This stuff is pure vaporware.
At the very least wait until they push notable code to their github.lmao m8
I appreciate the insight.
People like  automatically assume I'm supposed to start out with the vast knowledge everyone else on this board has.
How is it a trap though?
if you really want to learn about it in more detail check out: https://pastebin.com/6xcsc2jR
No