WTF SALT?
Who is doing this?
Or more importantly why when it's largely trading sideways...
whales dumping.
something's afoot.
Maybe since platform is set to launch in December, they are accumulating...
It's giving me turkey heartburn
nothing's afootsome whale on bittrex is trying to cash out to do something else.
It bounces back up because whoever is getting their fill orders are arbitraging it back on binance.that's why the price jumps right back up.
It was going to moon, but then the BCH vs BTC drama went insane.Let me explain.1: At launch, the only collateral is Bitcoin with a 25% minimum margin.
That's a problem with the imminent volatility and possible destruction of Bitcoin.
This dissuades both lenders and borrowers from using it.
Taking it seriously even.2: A lot of people are spending their shekels betting and swing trading between BTC and BCH, me included.
I sold salt at 4USD some weeks ago when BCH went over 700 and I knew this fight would be the main stage of crypto until resolved.Hoping to buy back into salt after salt shows it has short term plans to avoid being so dependent on bitcoin not falling for their platform to function as intended at launch.
Those are some nasty bear flags.
Get out of this coin, OP
they always intend to cover more crypto, they just dont know when.
and bitcoins not going to die, idiot.
cmon man, show a little intelligence
Explain how BTC will avoid chain death if the plan is executed in 14 hours.
not knowing about the secret mining farms in Australia ready to take overm8
fuck.
this pasta nice FUD, except ETH collateral will also be available since the beginning.
its going sideways because whales are propping it up with buy walls so plebs set buy orders in front of the whale walls, then whenever its enough the whales rmove their buy orders and dump onto the plebsthen they reset the buy walls to make it go back up so they can dump at that priceie that coin is over, its donezo
Everyone takes the piss.
But just wait and see who runs the show soon.
Satoshi is ready to drop his ASICs out in Wagga Wagga to keep it alive
Too hot, but we have our own cooling too you know.
scared?
How's the indernet down thare mate kek
>Friend takes a trip to Australia for a short holiday>Says it's "basically our country but not poor"Guess where I'm from.
kappaville(lol just a joke mate9)
It doesn’t have to die but if the value of the collateral drops by let’s say 25%, you will see crazy defaults.
Give it to me straight, what are the possibilities that this coin will moon??
I bought SALT on the premise that it will be worth 20 bucks by yearend.
I think it's more than likely.This platform will attract all sorts of investors, both for the SALT token itself and for the SALT platform.
Being able to put up crypto as collateral for no credit-check loans is a pretty big deal.
I've been watching all day.
The dips have been ~50 BTC each.
My theories:- Whales cashing out to jack up on the fuckyourmother coin wave - Insiders dumping their shit because they know the project's falling apart - People making it look like the floor's going to fall out so they can scoop up more from weakhanded paranoiacs (seems more plausible, especially when you look at that creeping wall in the orderbook that always magically vanishes when it gets too near to market price) then resets again a few thousand sats lower.
Thoughts?
Almost forgot to mention the last thing, which is the order book.
The total amount of the buy side adds up to like 1% the total amount of the sell side.
Go to the last page and see for yourself.
guy is on point and I'm afraid  may be right
Hey guys, seems your a bit lost.
It's Alphabit dumping.
They pumped it with fake buy walls.
Seems you fell for the paid shill.
Check what happened to MTL.